 The Duruitoarea River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
 Mount Jackson is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is named after Charles Thomas Jackson New Hampshire's state geologist in the 19th century and is part of the Presidential Range of the White Mountains. Mount.
 The Anaweka River is small river in a remote area of the Tasman District of New Zealand. Its source is on the slopes of Mount White in the Wakamarama Range. The river flows to the Tasman Sea the mouth being about 3km south of the southern end of the road from Farewell Spit and Collingwood.
 Oseosan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 791 metres.
 Lago Nero is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy. At an elevation of 2014 m its surface area is 0.16 km².
 The River Hull is a navigable river in the East Riding of Yorkshire in the north of England. It rises from a series of springs to the west of Driffield and enters the Humber estuary at Kingston upon Hull. Following a period when the Archbishops of York charged tolls for its use it became a free navigation.
 The Călmuș River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 Gazivoda Lake or Ujman Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Ujmanit Serbian: Газивода) is an artificial lake in Kosovo and Serbia. It is the largest lake in Kosovo. Gazivoda Lake has an area of 11.9 km2 (4.6 sq mi) of which 9.2 km2 (3.6 sq mi) belong to Kosovo and 2.7 km2 (1.0 sq mi) belong to Central Serbia. The lake is formed by the damming of the Ibar River which flows into the lake.
 Raduha is a mountain in the eastern part of Kamnik–Savinja Alps in northern Slovenia. It is separated from its main group by the gorge of the Savinja. It has relatively flat top in the northeast–southwest direction with the lower peaks Jelovec (1845 metres or 6053 feet) Lanež (1925 m or 6316 ft) Mala Raduha (2029 m or 6657 ft) and the highest peak Velika Raduha (2062 m or 6765 ft).There is a hut named Loka Below Raduha Hut (Slovene: Koča na Loki pod Raduho; 1534 m or 5033 ft).
 The Tomnatecu River is a tributary of the Bârnaru River in Romania.
 Østensjøvannet is a lake in Oslo capital of Norway. It is well known for the wide variety of birds and other wildlife that can be found there. It is surrounded by the Østensjø borough. It is currently a wildlife preserve though urban development posed a serious threat to the lake and its environs during the 1980s and early 1990s.
 The Kaibuskong River is a small river in Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario Canada that runs south through the Township of Bonfield from its source at Lake Nosbonsing. The river flows over a small dam just north of its source then through two small lakes La Chappelle Lake and Sheedy Lake before emptying into Kaibuskong Bay on Lake Talon from which it flows as part of the Mattawa River system to the Ottawa River.
 The Paria River /pəˈriːə/ is a tributary of the Colorado River approximately 95 miles (153 km) long in southern Utah and northern Arizona in the United States. It drains a rugged and arid region northwest of the Colorado flowing through roadless slot canyons along part of its course.
 The River Greet is a small river in Nottinghamshire England. Rising close to the village of Kirklington the Greet flows in a southeasterly direction past Southwell and Rolleston to meet the River Trent at Fiskerton.
 Tall Asur (in Arabic Hebrew: הר בעל חצור‎ Baal-Hazor) is a hill and one of the highest points of the Judaean Mountains in the West Bank with an altitude of 1016 metres (3333 ft). It is thought to be the site where Abraham was shown the land and Lot chose to go to Sodom. It has two peaks one of them is an Israeli military base.
 The Sawtooth is a jagged arête joining Mount Bierstadt to (eventually) Mount Evans in the Front Range of central Colorado. The three points along this arête resemble the teeth of a saw leading to its name. The southeast wall of the arête is the head of the cirque above Abyss Lake while its northwest wall is the cirque at the head of a valley above Guanella Pass.
 Angove River or Angove Creek is a river located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia most of the river is found within Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve. The stream was discovered in 1898 by surveyor William Angove and was named in 1913 after its discoverer by another surveyor BW Ridley.The water is of excellent quality and is considered as fresh potable water. Only 5% of the catchment area has been cleared mostly in the very upper reaches and around the lake.
 The Cerna River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 Mont Yamaska is part of the Monteregian Hills in southern Quebec. Its summit stands 411 m (1348 ft) above sea level. This mountain is largely covered with deciduous forest dominated by sugar maple. Some apple orchards are raised on lower slopes.
 The Sierra de Alcaraz is a mountain range of the Cordillera Prebética located in Albacete Province southeast Spain. Its highest peak is the Pico Almenara with an altitude of 1796 m.
 Iso Lohijärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Tornionjoki main catchment area. It is located in Ylitornio municipality in the Lapland region in Finland.
 The Southwest Branch Indian River is a short stream in Addison Maine. From its source (44°37′23″N 67°41′29″W) the river runs about 3 miles (5 km) east to its confluence with the Indian River.
 The Garavogue (Irish: An Gharbhóg) is a river located in County Sligo Ireland. From Lough Gill it winds its way through Sligo town and into Sligo Bay. The river has a large estuary with a shipping channel capable of taking ships up to 10000 tons but now fallen into disuse and used mainly by smaller pleasure craft.
 The Bâzgele River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 The Kolubara (Serbian Cyrillic: Колубара pronounced [kɔlǔbara]) is the 123 km-long river in western Serbia; it is the eastern tributary to the Sava river.
 Valukkai Aru is a seasonal river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. It is the only river on the Jaffna Peninsula. The river rises near Tellippalai before flowing south-west through Kandarodai Sandilipay and Vaddukoddai. The river empties into Jaffna Lagoon near Araly.
 Wudusan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1046 metres.
 The French Prealps (Préalpes) are a group of subalpine mountain ranges of medium elevation located immediately west of the French Alps.
 Jumpingpound Mountain (elevation 2225 m (7300 ft)) is a mountain located 24 km (15 mi) west of Bragg Creek Alberta in Kananaskis Country. It was named after Jumpingpound Creek in 1949 because a steep bank near the mouth was used as a buffalo jump by the Blackfoot First Nations.
 Fényi is a small lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies near the southern edge of the huge braided skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Imbrium impact basin to the north. Less than two crater diameters to the southwest is the much larger crater Mendel.Much of the rim and nearly all of this crater have been buried under material from the Mare Imbrium impact. The surrounding terrain shows a radial pattern of grooves and braids running from north to south.
 The Beltic River is a tributary of the Asod River in Romania.
 Lake Albacutya is in Victoria Australia. The postcode there is 3424. It has been designated a wetland of international importance under the Ramsar Convention.When full Lake Albacutya covers 5500 ha (14000 acres) is 8 m (26 ft) deep and holds around 230 GL. Water enters the lake from Outlet Creek which is connected to Lake Hindmarsh to the south. When full the lake is controlled by the sill level of Outlet Creek which once breached drains the lake to the north.
 The Dragomanu River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Carrigvore (Irish: Carraig Mhór meaning Big Rock) is a mountain in County Wicklow Ireland. At 682 metres (2238 ft) it is the 21st highest mountain in the Wicklow Mountains and the 133rd highest summit in Ireland.
 The Pârâul Cerbului is a tributary of the Cobleș River in Romania.
 Mount Chienbetsu (知円別岳 Chienbetsu-dake) is a volcano located on the Shiretoko Peninsula in Hokkaido Japan.
 The Jerma (Serbian Cyrillic: Јерма) or Erma (Bulgarian: Ерма) is a river in southeastern Serbia and western Bulgaria. Even though not very long (74 km) it is notable for passing the Serbian-Bulgarian border twice.
 Blateshtichka Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Blateshtiçkës; Serbian: Блатешко језеро Blateško jezero) is a small lake in the south of Kosovo. The lake is found on an altitude of 2220 m (7283 ft) above sea level in the high Šar Mountains. The lake is found near the peak of Crni Kamen rising up to 2536 m (8320 ft).
 Piz Quattervals (Romansh lit.: peak of the four valleys) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located in Graubünden Switzerland. With a height of 3165 metres above sea leavel Piz Quattervals is the highest mountain of the chain north of Pass Chaschauna. Its massif lies between four valleys: Val Tantermozza Valletta Val Sassa and Val Müschauns although its summit lies between the first three mentioned. Piz Quattervals is part of the Swiss National Park.
 Savalan (Persian: سبلان Azerbaijani: Savalan ساوالان) is an inactive stratovolcano in Ardabil province of northwestern Iran. It is the third highest mountain in Iran and has a permanent crater lake formed at its summit. Sabalan has a ski resort (Alvares) and different tourist areas such as the Sarein spa. The mountain is known for its beautiful vistas including the Shirvan gorge where few climbers ever venture.
 The Arnon is a river in central France left tributary of the river Cher. Its source is near the village Préveranges west of Montluçon. The Arnon flows generally north through the following départements and towns: Allier Cher: Culan Lignières Chârost Indre: ReuillyThe Arnon flows into the river Cher near Vierzon.
 Riang Kotang fumarole field is located near the eastern tip of Flores island Indonesia. Two fumarole areas are found along the saddle foot of the volcano. Hot springs appear along the southwest side of the Oka Bay and Hadang Bay on the west coast.
 Twin Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 Ambang is a complex of volcanoes at the western of the northern arm of Sulawesi island Indonesia. There are two lakes lake Mo'oat and lake Tondok (Danau Mo'oat and danau Tondok) at an elevation of 750 m. The larger of the two lakes is Mo'oat. Both of them are side by side. The volcano contains several craters up to 400 m in diameter and five solfatara fields. The only historical account of its eruption occurred somewhere in 1850s.
 The Macaulay River is a river of the Mackenzie Country of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from the Two Thumbs Range part of the Southern Alps its valley merging with that of the Godley River shortly before it enters the northern end of Lake Tekapo.
 The Valea Drugului River is a tributary of the Jupâneasa River in Romania.
 Piz Terri is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. At 3149 metres above sea level it is the highest summit lying on the chain between Greina and Soreda Pass. Piz Terri overlooks Lake Luzzone in Val Blenio on its west side Val Sumvitg on its north side and Val Lumnezia on its east side.
 Gråhøi i Øystre Sildre is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Eselbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Radener See is a lake in the Rostock district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 24.4 m its surface area is 1.2 km².
 Oberstjägermeisterbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Carirriñe Pass is an international mountain pass in the Andes between Chile and Argentina. The pass connects Coñaripe and Liquiñe in Chile with Junín de los Andes in Argentina. At the site of the pass some of the southernmost Araucaria trees grows. The road is not paved and the pass may be closed most of the year due to snowfalls minor landslides and rehabilitation. At the highest point the pass reaches 1176 m (3858 ft).
 Mount Dzhimara or Jimara (Ossetian: Джимарайы хох — Jimaray-Khokh Georgian: ჯიმარა) is the second highest point of North Ossetia–Alania a Russian republic with an altitude of 4780 meters (15680 ft). It is located on the border between Russia and Georgia.The mountain is located on the Khokh Range 9 km (5.5 mi) to the west of Mount Kazbek.
 Copiapó River is a river of Chile located in the Atacama Region. Starting at the confluence of the Jorquera and Pulido rivers the Copiapó flows for only 2.5 km before receiving the waters of the Manflas River.
 Bernoulli is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northeast part of the Moon. It lies to the south of the crater Messala and east of Geminus.This formation is nearly circular with several slight outward bulges around the perimeter. There is a sunken depression along part of the southern wall forming an outward triangular bulge in the rim. The rim is highest along the eastern side climbing to 4 km. At the midpoint of the crater floor is a central peak formation.
 Lake Hartwell is a man-made reservoir bordering Georgia and South Carolina on the Savannah Tugaloo and Seneca Rivers. Lake Hartwell is one of the southeast's largest and most popular recreation lakes. The lake is created by Hartwell Dam located on the Savannah River seven miles (11 km) below the point at which the Tugaloo and Seneca Rivers join to form the Savannah.
 The Câmpa River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
 The Peña Falconera or Huevo de Morrano (Morrano egg) is a rock formation near the village of Morrano northwest of Somontano de Barbastro Province of Huesca.This rock formation is composed of a monolith with a mixture of sand and conglomerate somewhat eroded.It is located in the Parque de la Sierra y Cañones de Guara a few meters from the river Alcanadre and close to the fountain de la Tamara is also near the pine forest of Morrano where pine are that are the most southerly of all the Natural Park and the Alto Aragon too.
 Alturas Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Valley in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 21 miles (34 km) south of Stanley and 30 miles (48 km) northwest of Ketchum.
 Mount Azami (薊岳 Azamidake) is a 1406 m (4613 ft) mountain located on the border of Higashiyoshino and Kawakami Nara Japan.
 Lago di Poggio Perotto is a lake in the Province of Grosseto Tuscany Italy.
 The Mayo River (Argentina) is a river of Argentina.
 Sambangsan is a mountain in the counties of Pyeongchang and Yeongwol Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 980 m (3215 ft).
 Ashlu Creek is a short and swift river-like creek in British Columbia. It is a tributary of the Squamish River and enters it about 24.3 km northwest of Squamish.
 Birkenhead Peak commonly known as Mount Birkenhead and sometimes Birkenhead Mountain and also Mount Birken 2506 m (8222 ft) prominence: 1781 m is a mountain in the Gates Valley region of the Lillooet Country of the South-Central Interior of British Columbia Canada.
 Romsdalshornet is a mountain in the municipality of Rauma in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The mountain is located 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of Åndalsnes along the Rauma River and the highway E136. The mountain Store Venjetinden lies 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of the mountain and 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) to the west lies the mountain Store Trolltind—part of the Troll Wall/Trollryggen ridge.Romsdalshornet is a popular mountain for climbing which is best done in late summer.
 Low Lake (or Lac Low) is a lake in western Quebec Canada. It is located in the municipality of Baie-James.
 The Aalbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Schwägalp Pass (el. 1278 m or 4193 ft) is a high mountain pass in the Alps between the cantons of St. Gallen and Appenzell Ausserrhoden in Switzerland.It connects Nesslau-Neu St. Johann in Toggenburg in St. Gallen and Urnäsch in Appenzell Ausserrhoden. It is named after the Schwägalp peak (el. 1360 m or 4462 ft) on the north face of Säntis (el. 2502 m or 8209 ft) which is the starting point of the aerial tramway to the top of Säntis.
 The Nadișa River is a tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania.
 MacNaughton Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York named after James MacNaughton (1851–1905) the grandson of Archibald McIntyre.
 Mount Myra is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 41 km (25 mi) southeast of Gold River and 20 km (12 mi) south of Mount McBride.
 Collier Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation generally above 8000 feet (2400 m). Collier Glacier is on the west slopes of North Sister an extinct shield volcano. Since its last maximum extent during the Little Ice Age (1350–1850 A.D.) the glacier has retreated over a mile.
 Depot Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the northeast slopes of Mount Redoubt. Depot Glacier descends from the 7400 to 6000 ft (2300 to 1800 m). Melt from the glacier feeds into Depot Creek which flows into Chilliwack Lake. The Redoubt Glacier lies to the east while the West Depot Glacier is separated from Depot Glacier by a ridge.
 The Calva River is a tributary of the Vișa River in Romania.
 Bookham Knoll is a rounded hill 211 metres (692 ft) high about 1 kilometre southeast of the village of Buckland Newton in the county of Dorset in southern England. Its prominence of 43 metres (141 ft) qualifies it as one of the Tumps. It is located within the Dorset Downs.The hill is largely treeless farmland. It is bounded to the west by B3143 and on the other three sides by a minor road passing through the hamlets of Rew Sharnhill Green and Bookham after which it is named.
 The Dani River is a tributary of the Ismar River in Romania.
 Boris is a tiny lunar crater that is located on the Mare Imbrium to the northeast of the crater Delisle. It lies at the southwest extremity of a sinuous rille that is designated Rima Delisle. This rille meanders to the northeast towards the crater Heis before vanishing into the lunar mare.This is one of the smallest craters on the Moon to be officially given a name by the IAU.
 The Waitaki River is a large river in the South Island of New Zealand some 110 km long. It is the major river of the Mackenzie Basin. It is a braided river which flows through Lake Benmore Lake Aviemore and Lake Waitaki. These are ultimately fed by three large glacial lakes Pukaki Tekapo and Ohau. Lake Benmore and Lake Aviemore are contained by hydroelectric dams Benmore Dam and Aviemore Dam.The Waitaki has several tributaries notably the Ahuriri River and the Hakataramea River.
 Rigny Bjerg or Mount Rigny is Greenland's sixth highest peak reaching 2385 m (7825 ft) above sea level. It is situated on the Blosseville Coast in what is now the municipality of Sermersooq.Rigny Bjerg was marked on Jules de Blosseville's map of 1833. His report also contained a drawing of the mountain's profile as seen from the sea. Based on the profile its exact position has been extablished.
 Claytor Lake in Pulaski County Virginia is a 4500 acre (18 km²) 21 mile (34 km) long reservoir on the New River created for a hydroelectric project of Appalachian Power Company. It is named for W. Graham Claytor Sr. (1886–1971) of Roanoke Virginia a vice president of Appalachian Power who had supervised construction of the dam and creation of the lake.Three miles of Claytor Lake's shoreline is bordered by Claytor Lake State Park operated by the Commonwealth of Virginia.
 Krakatoa or Krakatau (Indonesian: Krakatau) is a volcanic island situated in the Sunda Strait between the islands of Java and Sumatra in Indonesia. The name is also used for the surrounding island group comprising the remnants of a much larger island of three volcanic peaks which was obliterated in a cataclysmic 1883 eruption unleashing huge tsunamis (killing more than 36000 people) and destroying over two-thirds of the island.
 Nunavakanuk Lake is a lake in the Yukon Delta of Wade Hampton Census Area Alaska United States. The lake is 9 mi (14 km) long and is bordered to the south east by the Kusilvak Mountains. The lake's name is Eskimo in origin. At an elevation of −4 ft (−1.2 m) it is or near the lowest point in the state of Alaska.
 Whitaker Mountain is a mountain summit in Cherokee County in the state of South Carolina (SC) and is one of the three mountain peaks in Cherokee County. Whitaker Mountain climbs to an elevation of around 1169 feet (313 meters) above sea level. Whitaker Mountain is located within the town of Blacksburg South Carolina.
 Bayou Meto is a tributary of the Arkansas River in the U.S. state of Arkansas. Its headwaters are at Wilson Hill in Faulkner County a few miles east of Camp Robinson State Wildlife Management Area. Bayou Meto slowly meanders 150 miles south-east feeding into the Arkansas River a few miles south-west of Gillett in Arkansas County.Bayou Meto is a habitat for a wide variety of fish waterfowl mammals and reptiles.
 Lake Lawrence is a 330-acre (1.3 km2) lake located near Yelm in Thurston County Washington United States. Lake Lawrence hosts yearly APBA speed boat races in the spring and in the fall. Lake Lawrence is often referred to the fastest racing water in the world[citation needed] because records are often set and beaten on the lake.
 The Pârâul Lung River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 The Burdijeni River is a tributary of the Corbeasca River in Romania.
 Crystal Lake is a 404-acre (1.6 km2) water body located in Grafton County in western New Hampshire United States in the town of Enfield. Crystal Lake is part of the Mascoma River watershed.The lake contains one small island: Oliver Island.
 Lednica is a lake and surrounding protected landscape area in Poland in Greater Poland Voivodeship located between Poznań and Gniezno. It is known for annual youth meetings that take place in early June. These religious events last for two days. The high point of the festival is a nocturnal walk under a massive steel fish structure - a symbol of Christianity.
 The Molles River is a river of Chile.
 Dale Head is a fell in the northwestern sector of the Lake District in northern England. It is 753 metres or 2470 feet above sea level and stands immediately north of Honister Pass the road between Borrowdale and Buttermere.
 The Lainio River (Swedish: Lainioälven Meankieli: Lainionjoki or Lainionväylä) is a river in Kiruna Municipality in the far north of Swedish Lapland. Its source is a mountain lake Råstojaure (Meankieli: Rostujärvi) which lies along the border with Norway. 200 km from its source the Lainio River flows into the Torne River which eventually flows into the Gulf of Bothnia. Towns along the River Lainio include Kangos Övre Soppero Nedre Soppero Laanavaara and Lainio.
 Muriel Lake is a lake in Alberta Canada.
 The Reuberg is a ridge up to 328.2 m above NN in the Lower Saxon Hills in the districts of Holzminden and Hildesheim in the German state of Lower Saxony.
 The Little Wolf Mountains el. 4800 feet (1500 m) is a small mountain range southwest of Colstrip Montana in Big Horn County Montana.
 The Scorota River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters Scorota cu Apă River and Scorota Seacă
 Landerbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Witton Lakes are a pair of former drinking water reservoirs between the Perry Common and Erdington areas of Birmingham England (not in nearby Witton).Two brooks arising at Kingstanding and Bleak Hill Erdington respectively feed first Witton Lakes then overspill into Brookvale Park Lake before reaching the River Tame.The brooks are natural; the lakes were created at the end of the 19th century to supply drinking water for Birmingham.
 The Cetea River is a tributary of the Borod River in Romania.
 Ile Alatau (Kazakh: Іле Алатауы Ile Alatauy) (Russian: Заилийский Алатау Zailiysky Alatau) also spelt as Trans-Ili Alatau etc. is a part of the Northern Tian Shan mountain system (ancient Mount Imeon) in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan. It is the northernmost mountain range of Tian Shan stretching for about 350 km with maximal elevation of 4973m (Talgar Peak). The term Alatau refers to a kind of mountains.
 The Futaleufú River is a river in northern Patagonia fed by the lakes in the Los Alerces National Park in Chubut Province Argentina crossing the Andes Mountains and the international border into Chile and opening into the Yelcho Lake. On the Chilean side the Futaleufú River has three major tributaries the Rio Claro which originates in the neighboring Futaleufu National Reserve the Rio Espolon and the Rio Azul.
 Eugenisee is a lake at Engelberg in the canton of Obwalden Switzerland. In summer it is stocked with brown trout and rainbow trout for fishing. In the floods of August 2005 the lake was filled with large quantities of sediments.
 Parângu Mare (Romanian pronunciation: [paˈrɨŋ̩ɡu ˈmare] Big Parângu) is a mountain in Romania. At 2519 metres above sea level it is the highest peak of the Parâng Mountains located in the Parâng Mountains group of the Southern Carpathians. It is situated on the border of the Romanian counties of Gorj and Hunedoara. It is the most prominent peak in Romania (2103 m) its parent mountain being Gerlach (2655 m) in Slovakia.
 Jacalitos Creek formerly known as Arroyo de Jacelitos (Creek of Little Huts) is a creek in Fresno County California.Its source is 0.96 km (0.6 mi) north of Andrews Peak in the Diablo Range. From there it runs east then northeast between the Jacalitos Hills and the Kreyenhagen Hills then passes across Pleasant Valley to its confluence with Los Gatos Creek 4.2 km (2.6 mi) south of Coalinga Nose.
 Princess Louisa Inlet on the British Columbia Coast is 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) in length and lies at the north east end of Jervis Inlet. It is entered through Malibu Rapids off Queens Reach past Malibu a former private resort and now youth camp. A portion of the area makes up Princess Louisa Marine Provincial Park. James Bruce Falls and Chatterbox Falls are on Loquilts Creek a large stream that enters the head of the inlet.
 The Porečka reka is a river in eastern Serbia a 50 km-long right tributary to the Danube in the Đerdap gorge. It originates from two headstreams the Šaška and the Crnajka rivers which meet at the village of Miloševa Kula.
 San Felipe volcanic field (also known as the Santa Ana Mesa field) is a monogenetic volcanic field located in New Mexico USA.
 The Hálslón Reservoir is a storage reservoir in Eastern Iceland on the Jökulsá á Dal River. The reservoir stores water for use in hydroelectricity production with the Kárahnjúkar Hydropower Project. The reservoir was formed by three different concrete-face rock-fill embankment dam dams; Kárahnjúkastífla Dam the Desjarárstífla Dam and the Sauðárdalsstífla Dam.
 Lake Ora is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Räpina paisjärv is a lake in Räpina Parish in the district of Polva in Estonia. It is in the southeast of the country close to the border with Russia.
 The Izvorul Scurjelei River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 Lambert's Castle Hill (258 metres 846 feet high) rises between the villages of Marshwood and Fishpond Bottom in the county of Dorset England. It is part of the South Dorset Downs and its prominence qualifies it as one of the so-called HuMPs.From the castle there are spectacular views across the Marshwood Vale.
 The Gruiu Ursului River is a tributary of the Cârligate River in Romania
 Nyköpingsån is a river in Sweden.
 The Misery River is a 24.2-mile-long (38.9 km) river on the Keewenaw Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.It is formed from the outflow of Lake Roland in Houghton County Michigan at 46°53′00″N 88°51′32″W near Twin Lakes State Park and flows into Misery Bay on Lake Superior at 46°59′58″N 88°58′51″W.
 The Ellis River is a river of the northwestern South Island of New Zealand. It arises near Mount Arthur in the Arthur Range and flows south-east within Kahurangi National Park. It is a tributary of the Baton River.
 Kunisada is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 241 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2009. Kunisada is named for the Japanese woodblock printer Utagawa Kunisada who lived from 1786 to 1864.
 The Uraricoera River (Uraricuera) is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 The Pacuma River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Tioga River (/ˈtaɪ.ɵɡə/ TIE-o-guh) is a tributary of the Chemung River approximately 58 miles (93 km) long in northern Pennsylvania and western New York in the United States. It drains a region of ridges in the northern Allegheny Plateau in the watershed of the Susquehanna River.It rises in the mountains of western Bradford County and flows initially southwest into Tioga County passing through Tioga State Forest.
 Odell Lake is located near Willamette Pass in the northwest corner of Klamath County Oregon United States. It is one of several lakes in the Cascade Range in Central Oregon and lies within the Deschutes National Forest. It was named for Oregon Surveyor General William Holman Odell by Byron J. Pengra in July 1865 while they were making a preliminary survey for the Oregon Central Military Road which would later become Oregon Route 58.
 The Arsenyevka River (Russian: Арсеньевка formerly Daubi) is a left tributary of the Ussuri River in Anuchinsky and Yakovlevsky Districts of Primorsky Krai Russia.The length of river is approximately 294 kilometers (183 mi) and its basin area is 7060 square kilometers (2730 sq mi). It rises on the western slope of the Sikhote-Alin.The largest inhabited localities on the river are Anuchino Arsenyev and Yakovlevka.
 The Lăpuşna River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
 Meru Peak is a mountain which lies in the Gharwal Himalayas in the Uttarakhand region of India. It lies between Thalay Sagar and Shivling and has some highly challenging routes. It is 6660 metres (21850 ft) high. It was the site of the world's highest BASE Jump from 'Earth' by Glenn Singleman and Heather Swan from a height of 6604 metres (21667 ft) in June 2006 but has since been surpassed by Valery Rozov's 2013 jump from Everest's North Face.
 The Pasărea River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania. Initially it was a branch of the Danube linked to a branch of the Vedea River. During the embankment of the Danube flood plain in the 1960s a new link canal was excavated linking the upper part of the old branch to the Danube near the village of Pietroşani.The present river acts as a drainage canal having a course parallel to Danube and collecting the inflow from the catchment area behind the embankment.
 The Cèze is a French river a tributary of the Rhone. It runs through the departments of Lozère and Gard in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. Its source is in the Cévennes mountains near Saint-André-Capcèze. It flows through Bessèges Saint-Ambroix Bagnols-sur-Cèze and it flows into the Rhone at Codolet southwest of Orange. Among its tributaries is the Aiguillon.
 The Răchitova River is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
 For the mountain with the same name see Monte VelinoThe Velino ia a river in central Italy an affluent of the Nera river. Its source is located on Monte Pozzoni's slopes (1903 m) near Cittareale.
 The Vica River is a tributary of the Gurasada River in Romania.
 The Curături River is a tributary of the Taița River in Romania.
 Friesenbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Caguitas River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Clark Lake is a small lake in Columbia Township in southern Jackson County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 Mount Wilhelm (German: Wilhelmsberg) is the highest mountain in Papua New Guinea at 4509 metres (14793 ft). It is part of the Bismarck Range and the peak is the point where three provinces intersect Simbu Western Highlands and Madang. The peak is also known as Enduwa Kombuglu in the local Kuman language a Papuan language.The mountain is on the island of New Guinea which incorporates Papua New Guinea and the Indonesian province of Papua.
 Serra d'En Celler is a mountain range of the Valencian Community Spain. Its main peaks are 1281 m high Tossal de la Nevera and Tossal d'Orenga (1144 m).The heights of the Serra d'En Celler range are frequently covered with snow every winter and Tossal de la Nevera its highest peak is named after an ice pit (nevera) where snow was gathered for local use in former times.This mountain range is located within the Ares del Maestre and Catí municipal terms in a relatively uninhabited area.
 The Zwarte Water (Black Water) is a river in the Dutch province of Overijssel. It is formed just south of the city of Zwolle when two streams the Soestwetering and the Nieuwe Wetering merge.
 The Sheep Hole Mountains are in the Mojave Desert to the north of Joshua Tree National Park in San Bernardino County California. The mountains were once Chemehuevi hunting grounds.The range lies between the Bullion Mountains to the west and the Coxcomb Mountains to the east. The mountains reach an elevation of 4613 feet (1406 meters) above sea level just east of Amboy Road which the range crosses.
 Bordeaux Mountain (1286 feet (392 m) is located on the island of Saint John U.S. Virgin Islands within Virgin Islands National Park. Bordeaux Mountain is the highest summit on the island of Saint John.
 Bolshaya Rassokha (Russian: Большая Рассоха) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Bolshoy Ashap River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 11 km.
 Deer Lake is a lake in Killingworth Connecticut United States.The Scout Camp Deer Lake is operated by the Connecticut Yankee Council.
 The Amstel is a river in the Netherlands which runs through the city of Amsterdam. The river's name is derived from Aeme stelle old Dutch for area abounding with water.The well-known Magere Brug bridge in Amsterdam crosses the river as do the Blauwbrug Hoge Sluis and Berlagebrug bridges. The Stopera city hall and opera house and Carré theatre are both located on the banks of the river.A nationally televised concert is held on the river every year on Bevrijdingsdag (Liberation Day).
 The Rapid River is a short river in central Saskatchewan Canada about 13 kilometres (8 mi) east of the community of Stanley Mission. It is part of the Churchill River drainage basin. The river is about 1000 metres (3281 ft) long and flows north from Iskwatikan Lake which lies downstream from Lac la Ronge over the Nistowiak Falls one of the tallest in Saskatchewan and the Fisher Rapids to Nistowiak Lake on the Churchill River which flows to Hudson Bay.
 Monte Maddalena is a mountain of Lombardy Italy It has an elevation of 874 metres.
 The Berserker Range is a mountainous region located on the eastern and northeastern boundary of the city of Rockhampton in Central Queensland Australia. Within it lies Mount Archer National Park. It has been designated the Berserker Range Environmental Protection Area by the Rockhampton Regional Council. The southernmost part of the range reaches the Fitzroy River at Broadmount east of Rockhampton.
 The Jinari River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Baegunsan is a mountain in Jeollanam-do South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Gwangyang. Baegunsan has an elevation of 1218 metres (3996 ft).
 The Köterberg at 495.8 m (1627 ft) above sea level is the highest hill in the Lippe Uplands and lies on the state border between North Rhine-Westphalia and Lower Saxony in North Germany. On its northern slopes is the village of Köterberg.
 Quartzite Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. No trails lead to lake but it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 680.Quartzite Lake is just southeast of the Chinese Wall northeast of Calkens Peak and in the same basin as Dike Gunsight and Tin Cup Lakes.
 The Cârpa River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The San Blas Range is a mountain range north of Lake Bayano and runs adjacent the San Blas Islands in Panama.
 The Ichabod Range is a mountain range in Elko County Nevada. The northern portion of the range is contained within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains.
 Haselbach (Pulsnitz) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Parthe is a river in Saxony Germany right tributary of the Weiße Elster. Its total length is 60 km. The Parthe originates in northern Saxony between Colditz and Bad Lausick. It flows northwest through Parthenstein Naunhof Borsdorf and Taucha before entering the city of Leipzig. The Parthe joins the White Elster in northwestern Leipzig.
 Guinn Run is a Pennsylvania stream flowing southeastward in the Gettysburg National Military Park from Cemetery Hill past the Gettysburg Museum and Visitor Center to Rock Creek. The stream was bridged by the 1809 Gettysburg and Petersburg Turnpike Company and in the commemorative era by the United States War Department when Hunt and Slocum Avenues were built. A dam was built on Guinn Run to form a pond for Fantasyland Pennsylvania through the 1960s and 1970s.[1]
 Slaughter Mountain with an elevation of 4338 ft (1322 m) is the ninth-highest peak in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is located in Union County Georgia and is the second-highest mountain in Union County. Its nearest neighbor is Blood Mountain the highest peak in Union County and fifth highest in Georgia.
 The Pointe de Bertol (3499 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of Arolla in the canton of Valais. On its southern side it overlooks the Bertol Pass.The Bertol Hut (3311 m) is located at the southern base of the peak.
 Thierbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Limestone Hills el. 4977 feet (1517 m) is a sub-range of the Big Belt Mountains southwest of Townsend Montana in Broadwater County Montana.
 Janq'u Qala (Aymara janq'u white qala stone white stone hispanicized spelling Jankho Khala) is a lake on the western side of the Apolobamba mountain range of Bolivia situated in the La Paz Department Bautista Saavedra Province Curva Municipality. It lies about 4489 metres (14728 ft) above sea level. The lake is about 3.25 km long and 0.47 km at its widest point.Janq'u Qala gets waters from the about 5617 m (18428 ft) high Ulla Q'alla (Ulla Khaya) north east of it.
 Middle Triple Peak is the second highest peak in the Kichatna Mountains a subrange of the Alaska Range in Alaska United States. It is a striking rock tower with immense sheer walls on the east and west sides.Its East Buttress route (roughly 3600 feet/1100 m high) is a classic hard rock climbing route. Due to the remoteness of the range and the usually terrible weather this peak has seen only a few ascents.
 The Whitesand River is a river in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada part of the Hewitson River system. Another river in Thunder Bay District with the same name Whitesand River (Lake Nipigon) lies further northwest and flows into Lake Nipigon.
 The Poor Fork is a 45-mile (72 km) tributary of the Cumberland River in Letcher and Harlan Counties southeast Kentucky in the United States. The river flows from its source at Flat Gap in the Appalachian Mountains on the Kentucky–Virginia border generally southwest to its confluence about a mile (1.6 km) north of Harlan.
 Lake Sonoma is a reservoir west of Healdsburg in northern Sonoma County California U.S.A. created by the construction of Warm Springs Dam. Access from U.S. Route 101 is by way of Dry Creek Road from Healdsburg.The lake provides water for countywide growth and development and for recreation. At full capacity it has 50 miles (80 km) of shoreline a surface area of more than 2700 acres (11 km2) and holds 381000 acre feet (470000000 m3) of water.
 Namgunjasan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 836 metres.
 The Titireag River is a tributary of the Gârbou River in Romania.
 The Whakapara River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. One of the headwaters of the Wairua River it flows generally west from its sources close to the North Auckland Peninsula's east coast and reaches the Wairua five kilometres west of Otonga.
 Rykolanka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Pilica.
 Kula Kangri is one of few high mountains in Bhutan. Bhutanese has been very close to this mountain since the beginning of conceptions of its name. Furthermore the name itself is Bhutanese word. However Kula Kangri is claimed by many authorities to be the highest mountain in Bhutan but this is disputed by others who claim that Kula Kangri is wholly in Tibet. The first ascent was by a Japanese team in 1986.
 San Idelfonso Creek is a small stream of water located in Webb County Texas which runs through Laredo Texas. The creek is formed within east Laredo and runs southwest for 8 miles until connecting to the Rio Grande. San Ildefonso Creek was dammed in east Laredo to form San Ildefonso Creek Lake the second largest Lake in Laredo. The terrain surrounding the creek is mostly clay and sandy loams.
 The Shō River (庄川 Shō-gawa) has its source in Mount Eboshi (烏帽子岳 Eboshigatake) in the Shōkawa-chō area of Takayama Gifu Prefecture Japan. After flowing for 115 km (71 mi) through the northern part of Gifu Prefecture and the western part of Toyama Prefecture it empties into Toyama Bay.
 The Suruí River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Mahoning Creek is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Montour County Pennsylvania. It is approximately nine to ten miles (15 to 16 kilometers) long. The areas around Mahoning Creek were first settled by Europeans in the late 1700s. Before that parts of its watershed were settled by Delaware Indians. The creek travels through West Hemlock Township Derry Township Mahoning Township Valley Township and the borough of Danville.
 Mount Kosciuszko is a mountain located in the Snowy Mountains in Kosciuszko National Park New South Wales. With a height of 2228 metres (7310 ft) above sea level it is the highest mountain on the Australian continent (i.e. not including its external territories).
 Rauheck is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Lac d'Armaille is a lake at Saint-Germain-les-Paroisses in the Ain department of France.
 Kuntur Puna (Quechua kuntur condor puna an ecoregion near the Andes condor puna hispanicized spelling Condor Puna Condorpuna Cóndor Puna Cóndorpuna) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Amazonas Region Luya Province Conila District and in the Utcubamba Province in the districts Jamalca and Lonya Grande. It is one of the highest mountains of the area.
 The Tarnița River is a tributary of the Netiş River in Romania.
 Sunrise Mountain is located east of Las Vegas in Clark County Nevada.Even though Sunrise mountain is over 3.3 miles (5.3 km) NNW of higher peak Frenchman Mountain many people in the Las Vegas Valley refer to Frenchman Mountain as Sunrise Mountain since the sun rises from behind it. This confusion dates back many years and the National Geodetic Survey bench mark placed in 1947 on the summit of Frenchman Mountain is designated Sunrise. During World War II the U.S.
 Madaesan is a South Korean mountain that extends across Yeongwol County Gangwon-do and Danyang County Chungcheongbuk-do. It has an elevation of 1052.2 m (3452 ft).
 The Stoličná hora (also Kvádrovec Kvádrberk German: Quaderberg) is a table hill near Děčín (Tetschen) in the Bohemian Switzerland in the Czech Republic.
 The Huanquihue Group (Spanish pronunciation: [waŋˈkiwe]) is a group of young basaltic stratovolcanoes in Argentina near the border with Chile south of Lanín volcano. The Huanquihue group is located south of Epulafquén Lake north of Lolog Lake and west of Reigolil-Pirihueico Fault in Chile.
 The Uberabinha River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Baalensee is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District in Germany. It is situated in the district of Oberhavel in the state of Brandenburg and lies immediately to the east of the centre of the town of Fürstenberg. The navigable River Havel flows through the Baalensee entering it from the Röblinsee via a short channel and lock in the centre of Fürstenberg and exiting directly into the adjacent Schwedtsee. Navigation is administered as part of the Obere–Havel–Wasserstraße.
 Castle Crag (also known as Falling Mountain) is a mountain in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park in Tasmania Australia. It is the twelfth highest mountain in Tasmania. It is a major feature of the national park and is a popular venue with bush walkers and mountain climbers.
 Lake Dunn is a freshwater lake in Queensland Australia. Also known as Pajingo Bola meaning Big Fella Waterhole the lake is the only wetland area in Central West Queensland and is consequently home to a large waterfowl population. Lake Dunn is located south of the larger Lake Galilee.The current shoreline of Lake Dunn represents only a small area of the original lakebed.The local council have tried to improve the area by rendering the shores attractive and provide picnic facilities.
 The Luizoaia River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
 The Riachuelo Curihuillín is a river of Chile.
 Lago di Massaciuccoli is a lake in the Province of Lucca Tuscany Italy. Its surface area is 6.9 km². It is located mainly in the municipality of Massarosa and partly in Torre del Lago a civil parish of Viareggio.The lake was known in ancient times as the Fossis Papirianis a name used in the Tabula Peutingeriana. The composer Giacomo Puccini lived nearby and frequently hunted around the lake; the nearby village of Torre del Lago is sometimes mentioned with suffix Puccini in his honour.
 The Bălășița River or Bălșița River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
 The Panjang River a tributary of the Karnali flows through north-western Nepal.
 The Lake Bästeträsk (also: Bäste träsk) is on the island of Gotland which belongs to Sweden. The lake lies in the north of the island approximately 12 km northwest of Fårösund. With an area of 6.3 km² this is the biggest lake on the island and it is connected to the Baltic Sea with a 250 m long outlet.The lake is known for its large numbers of rainbow trout and sea trout. In winter the lake is sometimes used for ice skating.
 The Twelve Bens or Twelve Pins (Irish: Na Beanna Beola) is a mountain range of sharp-peaked quartzite ranges located northeast of Roundstone in Connemara in the west of Ireland. Dedicated fell runners attempt to hike all twelve peaks in a single day. Topographically this range is partnered with the Maumturks range on the other side of the lonely Glen Inagh (and the route of Western Way long distance path).
 The Pârâul Vacii is a tributary of the Lotrişoara Mare River in Romania.
 The Dalufac River is a tributary of the Black Sea Lake Taşaul in Romania.
 Prince Albert Sound (Inuit: Kangiryuak) is a Northern Canadian body of water located in the Inuvik Region of southwestern Victoria Island Northwest Territories. It is an inlet of Amundsen Gulf. The sound separates the on the south Wollaston Peninsula from the island’s central areas. On 14 May 1851 some of Robert McClure's men reached its north side.
 Lubukraya is an andesitic stratovolcano on Sumatra island Indonesia. It has a broad crater breached to the south and a lava dome at the southern foot of the volcano.
 Long Lake is a small lake in northeastern Ontario Canada. It is located in the municipality of East Ferris in Nipissing District.The lake is about 1.4 km in length and is around 100m in width. It is fed by a number of unnamed creeks and is drained by a tributary of the Mattawa River. The lake is located within the Mattawa River Provincial Park. The nearest community is Camp Champlain 4 km NWW of the lake.
 Mount Mẫu Sơn is a mountain in Lộc Bình District Lạng Sơn Province in northeastern Vietnam. It is located about 170 km northeast of the capital Hanoi about 30 km east of Lạng Sơn City and close to the international border between Vietnam and China. The highest peak of the Mount Mẫu Sơn reaches about 1600 m above sea level.Mount Mẫu Sơn has been settled by the Yao people. In the early 20th century the French built a military base on the mountain followed by a cluster of villas in 1936.
 Grubebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Paupelys is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 5.8 kilometres and has a basin area of 8.5 km².It is a tributary of the Šušvė.
 Port Phillip (also commonly referred to as Port Phillip Bay or (locally) just The Bay) is a large bay in southern Victoria Australia; it is the location of Melbourne. Geographically the bay covers 1930 square kilometres (480000 acres) and the shore stretches roughly 264 km (164 mi). Although it is extremely shallow for its size most of the bay is navigable. The deepest portion is only 24 metres (79 ft) and half the region is shallower than 8 m (26 ft).
 Ben Macdhui (also spelled Ben Macdui) is a 3001-metre (9846 ft) mountain in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. It was named after Ben Macdhui in Scotland. It is the highest peak entirely within the Eastern Cape; KwaDuma is higher but it lies on the border with Lesotho.
 The San Agustín River is a river of Bolivia.
 Zwiesel is the name of two mountains of Bavaria Germany one in the Chiemgau Alps (at 1782 m) and one near Wackersberg in the Bad Tölz-Wolfratshausen district (at 1348 m).
 Kolka Glacier (Ossetian: Хъолхъа) is a glacier in North Ossetia Russia near Mount Kazbek known for its surging properties. The most recent and the most powerful surge took place on September 20 2002 resulting in deaths of at least 125 people
 Lake Kaiavere is a lake of Estonia.
 Waun Camddwr is a top of Aran Fawddwy in southern Snowdonia North Wales Wales United Kingdom. It is the highest point on a wide boggy area between the summits of Aran Fawddwy and Glasgwm. It was surveyed after the first Nuttall list was compiled and found to have just enough prominence to be included. The summit is a rocky outcrop amid an area of heather long grass and peat bog. Gwaun y Llwyni rises to the south of the summit.
 The Schit River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters Tisoasa and Coman
 The Sacramento River is the principal river of Northern and Central California in the United States. Rising in the Klamath Mountains the river flows south for 445 miles (716 km) before reaching the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta and San Francisco Bay.
 Llogara Pass (Albanian: Qafa e Llogarasë) is a high mountain pass connecting the Dukat Valley in the north with the Albanian Riviera on the southern side. Orikum is the nearest city on the northern side of the pass and Dhërmi in Himara municipality is the closest one in the south. It is currently in the list of highest paved roads in Europe.
 Tsuru River or Tsuru-kawa River (鶴川 in Japanese) is a branch of the Sagami River of Honshu Japan. It runs 26.3 kilometers in Yamanashi prefecture.
 The Glockturm is the highest mountain in the Glockturmkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Mont Racine (1439 m) is a peak in the Jura Mountains located between La Sagne and Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane in the canton of Neuchâtel.
 The Deep Creek is a watercourse of the Port Phillip catchment located in the outer north western suburbs of Melbourne in the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Crișanu Nou River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 Lewesdon Hill is about 4 km west of Beaminster in south west Dorset England. Like many of the high hills in Dorset including its neighbour Pilsdon Pen it is the site of an Iron Age hill fort. The hill is formed from upper greensand which is more resistant to erosion than the surrounding clay. The hill is the highest point in Dorset closely followed by Pilsdon Pen (277 m) and Bulbarrow Hill (274 m). To the south of the hill is the Marshwood Vale. It is a National Trust property.
 The Pârâul Spânzului is a tributary of the Sărișorul Mic River in Romania.
 W/L Cave is part of the Fairy Cave Quarry group of caves between Stoke St Michael and Oakhill in the limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England.It is named after the initials of its discoverers Bob Whitaker and Jerry Lavis was first entered in the summer of 1967.
 The Izvorul Albl River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
 Baliung River is a river in southern Java Indonesia.
 Kamenice river (German: Kamnitz) is a tributary of the Jizera river in the Czech Republic. It rises from several source streams in the Jizera Mountains (German: Isergebirge) of Bohemia at Holubník (the pigeon-house) (1070 m). Below the former crystal production village of Kristiánov (Christiansthal) a locality in the Bedřichov (Friedrichswald) only Liščí bouda (Fuchsbaude) remains preserved as a glass museum near where the Kamenice meets the Josefův Důl dam.
 The Blanchard River is a 103-mile-long (166 km) tributary of the Auglaize River in northwestern Ohio in the United States. It drains a primarily rural farming area in the watershed of Lake Erie.It rises in central Hardin County on the northern outskirts of Kenton. It flow generally north for its first 25 miles (40 km) into eastern Hancock County where it turns sharply to the west. It flows west through Findlay and past Ottawa.
 Coquihalla Mountain is an extinct stratovolcano in Similkameen Country southwestern British Columbia Canada located 10 km (6.2 mi) south of Falls Lake and 22 km (14 mi) west of Tulameen between the Coquihalla and Tulameen rivers. With a topographic prominence of 816 m (2677 ft) it towers above adjacent mountain ridges.
 Himmeleck is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 At 3770 metres (12370 ft) the Kleinglockner is the third highest mountain in Austria. However with a prominence of only 17 metres it is arguable whether it can be counted as an independent mountain or just as a subpeak of the Großglockner. It lies in the Glockner Group of Austria's Central Alps the middle section of the Hohe Tauern.
 The Fundătura River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 Don Juan Pond also called Lake Don Juan is a small and very shallow hypersaline lake in the west end of Wright Valley (South Fork) Victoria Land Antarctica 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) west from Lake Vanda. It is wedged between the Asgard Range in the south and the Dais in the north. On the west end there is a small tributary and a feature that has been described as a rock glacier.
 The Clan Alpine Mountains are located in west-central Nevada in the United States. The range lies in a southwest-northeasterly direction in Churchill County and contains Mount Augusta at 9967 feet (3038 m) above sea level. The mountains lie to the west of the Desatoya Mountains and southeast of the Stillwater Range. The Augusta Mountains lie to the northeast and the New Pass Range to the east.
 Velký Špičák (German: Großer Spitzberg or Schmiedeberger Spitzberg) is a 965 m high mountain in the Czech part of the Ore Mountains of Central Europe.
 Mount Elliott is an isolated mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 12 km (7 mi) northeast of Woss and 15 km (9 mi) northwest of Mount Abel. It contains a high treeline and minimal alpine terrain.
 Tomichi Creek is a 71.8-mile-long (115.6 km) tributary of the Gunnison River in Gunnison County Colorado. Tomichi Creek originates north and west of Monarch Pass and flows to the southwest along the base of Monarch Mountain. Congress Creek drains into Tomichi west of Old Monarch Pass where it flows south toward Sargents. Agape Creek flows into Tomichi just north of Sargents where Marshall Creek flows from Marshall Pass.
 Lake Burton is a 2775 acre (11.23 km²) reservoir with 62 miles (100 km) of shoreline located in the northeastern corner of Georgia in Rabun County. It is the first lake in a six-lake series called the Tallulah River Watershed that follows the original course of the Tallulah River. The chain begins with Lake Burton as the northernmost lake followed by Lake Seed Lake Rabun Lake Tallulah Falls Lake Tugalo and Lake Yonah.
 Sierra de Villuercas or Sierra de las Villuercas also known as Sierra de Guadalupe after nearby Guadalupe town is a mountain range in the greater Montes de Toledo range Spain. It is located in province of Cáceres autonomous community of Extremadura.Rivers Almonte and Ibor tributaries of the Tagus and the Ruecas and Guadalupe River tributaries of the Guadiana have their sources in this range.
 For mountains named Mount Terror see Mount Terror.Mount Terror is a large shield volcano that forms the eastern part of Ross Island Antarctica. It has numerous cinder cones and domes on the flanks of the shield and is mostly under snow and ice. It is the second largest of the four volcanoes which make up Ross Island and is somewhat overshadowed by its neighbor Mount Erebus 30 km (19 mi) to the west. Mt. Terror was named in 1841 by Sir James Clark Ross for his second ship the HMS Terror.
 The Col du Grand Ballon (1343 m (4406 ft)) is a mountain pass situated close to the summit of the Grand Ballon (1424 m (4672 ft)) in the Vosges Mountains of France. It connects Cernay (Haut-Rhin) with Le Markstein winter sports station.
 The Pârâul Brazilor is a tributary of the Muncaciu River in Romania.
 The Bercheza River is a tributary of the Suceviţa River in Romania.
 The Miang River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 This mountain which has no formal name is located on the United States-Canada border between boundary markers 445 and 446. It is the highest point on the border east of the Rocky Mountains. Specifically it is the highest point for 3190 miles of border from the Passamquoddy Bay up to 111 degrees west in Liberty County Montana at border monument 360 (miles) from the Pacific.
 The Abakan (Russian: Абака́н) the Khakas word for 'bear's blood') is a river in the Republic of Khakassia Russia. It is formed by the confluence of the Bolshoy Abakan and Maly Abakan rivers. It rises in the western Sayan Mountains and flows northeast through the Minusinsk Depression to the Yenisei River. Its length is about 514 kilometres (319 mi) (from the Bolshoy Abakan's source) and it has a drainage basin area of 32000 square kilometres (12000 sq mi).
 The Prisaca River is a tributary of the Gusec River in Romania.
 Fermat is a lunar impact crater located to the west of the Rupes Altai escarpment. To the west-southwest is the larger crater Sacrobosco and to the southwest is the irregular Pons. It is 39 kilometers in diameter and two kilometers deep.The rim of Fermat is worn and somewhat irregular but still possesses an outer rampart. The north rim is indented by a double crater formation that includes Fermat A. The floor is relatively flat and does not have a central rise.
 The Pârâul Adânc is a tributary of the Lisnău river in Romania.
 Mzimvubu River or Umzimvubu River is one of the most important rivers in South Africa. It is located in the Eastern Cape Province.
 Braddock Peak is located in Jackson County Colorado in the Colorado State Forest 1.3 miles (2.1 km) east-northeast of Seven Utes Mountain 1.3 miles (2.1 km) west of Snow Lake 1.7 miles (2.7 km) north of the boundary of Routt National Forest and the Never Summer Wilderness.It is named for Dr. William A. Braddock (1929–2003) Professor of Geological Sciences at the University of Colorado at Boulder from 1958 to 1994. Dr.
 Padauari River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Allumette Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 The South Keltma (Russian: Южная Кельтма) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of the Kama River. It is 172 kilometres (107 mi) long and its area of drainage basin is 5270 square kilometres (2030 sq mi). The source of the river is located in the north of Perm Krai near the border with the Komi Republic in Cherdynsky District to the north of the village of Chepets. The river freezes up in the early November and stays under the ice until the end of April.
 Lac de l'Abbaye is a lake at Grande-Rivière in the Jura department of France. Its surface area is 3.25 km².The lake is also known as Lac de Grandvaux or Lac de la Grande Rivière.
 Mahlbergbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Tuloma River (Russian: Тулома Skolt Sami: Tuållâmjokk Northern Sami: Doallánjohka and Finnish: Tuulomajoki) is a river in Murmansk Oblast in Russia. With a drainage basin of 21500 km² and an average discharge at 255 m³/s the Tuloma is one of the biggest rivers in northern Fennoscandia.The river has its sources in the Saariselkä mountains in the eastern parts of Lapplands län in Finland. The Tuloma River itself is formed by the confluence of the Lutto and Nota rivers at Lake Notozero.
 The San Juan River is a significant tributary of the Colorado River in the southwestern United States about 383 miles (616 km) long. The river drains an area of about 24600 square miles (64000 km2) in southwestern Colorado northwestern New Mexico southeastern Utah and a small part of northeastern Arizona.
 The Salamá River is a river in Guatemala. The river is fed by a number of streams running down the slopes of the Sierra de las Minas and Sierra de Chuacús and flows in a north-westerly direction through the town of Salamá until it joins the Chixoy River.
 Niedersonthofener See is a lake in Oberallgäu Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 70330 m its surface area is 135.30 ha. The lake is known for having a shape that is strikingly similar to that of a whale.
 Rabbit Lake is a small lake in Algoma District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and lies in geographic Hadley Township. The lake is the source of Rabbit Creek which exits the lake at the northeast and which flows via the Montreal River to Lake Superior.
 The Cedar Mountains of Tooele County Utah USA are a 45-mile (72 km) long mountain range located in the county's east bordering east sections of the Great Salt Lake Desert on the range's west and southwest flanks.The range contains the Cedar Mountain Wilderness and lies between Skull Valley on its east and southeast and the Great Salt Lake Desert on its west and southwest.
 Skyvatn is a lake in the northern part of the municipality of Bykle in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is located south of the lake Holmavatnet and northwest of Hartevatnet. The village of Hovden in Bykle is located about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) southeast of the lake.The lake has an area of 4.35 square kilometres (1.68 sq mi) and is located in the Setesdalsheiene mountains at an elevation of 1090 metres (3580 ft) above sea level.
 Lac de Malsaucy is a lake in the Territoire de Belfort Franche-Comté France. The lake with a surface of is 0.64 km² shared by three communes: Evette-Salbert Lachapelle-sous-Chaux and Sermamagny.The rock festival Eurockéennes is held each July on a peninsula on the lake.
 The Duck River is a river in Michigan. It is not named after a duck.
 The Saco River (Maranhão) is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Dickson Range is a subrange of the Chilcotin Ranges subset of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwest-central British Columbia. It is located just west of the town of Gold Bridge between the valley of Slim Creek to the north (a tributary of Gun Creek) and Downton Lake Reservoir to the south.
 Mount Susitna is a 4396-foot (1340 m) mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located on the west bank of the lower Susitna River about 33 miles (53 km) northwest of Anchorage Alaska. The mountain is a prominent landmark in the Anchorage Alaska area and can be seen across the Knik Arm of the Cook Inlet from most of the city especially at higher elevations.
 The Calumet Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County California. They are north of Joshua Tree National Park and adjacent to the Sheep Hole Mountains in the Mojave Desert. The highest point is 829 meters (2720 feet).
 The Lunenburgh River is a perennial river in the South West region of Western Australia.The river rises in the Darling Range near the abandoned timber mill town of Worsley then flows north-west discharging into the Brunswick River at Beela. The river's catchment of 56.3 square kilometres (22 sq mi) receives a mean annual rainfall of 1004 millimetres (40 in) with mean annual runoff of 206 millimetres (8 in).
 Red Lake (Croatian: Crveno jezero) is a sinkhole containing a karst lake near the city of Imotski Croatia. It is known for its numerous caves and remarkably high cliffs reaching over 241 metres above normal water level and continuing below the water level. The total explored depth of this sinkhole is approximately 530 metres with a volume of roughly 25–30 million cubic metres thus it is the third largest sinkhole in the world.
 The Susitna River /suːˈsɪtnə/ (Sasut Na’ in Ahtna or Susitnu in Dena'ina) is a 313-mile (504 km) long river in the Southcentral Alaska. It is the 15th largest river in the United States of America ranked by average discharge volume at its mouth. The river stretches from the Susitna Glacier to Cook Inlet's Knik Arm.
 Chimpulla or Chimpuya (hispanicized spellings Chimbolla Chimboya) Jinchurusi (Inchurusi) Iruna or Willkanuta (Vilcanota) is a mountain in the La Raya mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5489 metres (18009 ft) high. It is situated in the Cusco Region Canas Province Layo District and in the Puno Region Melgar Province Santa Rosa District. Chimpulla lies northeast of the La Raya Pass and the mountain Kunka and southeast of the mountain Yana Khuchilla.
 The Drôme (Occitan: Droma) a river in southeastern France has a length of 110 km long and is a left tributary of the Rhône River. Its source is in the western foothills of the Alps near the village Valdrôme. It flows into the Rhône near Loriol-sur-Drôme between Valence and Montélimar. The Drôme flows through the following départements and towns: Drôme (named after the river): Valdrôme Luc-en-Diois Die Saillans Allex Crest Loriol-sur-Drôme Livron-sur-Drôme Ardèche : Le Pouzin
 The Arconce is a 99 km (62 mi) long river in the Saône-et-Loire département central France. Its source is in Mary 2 km (1.2 mi) southwest of the village. It is a right tributary of the Loire into which it flows at Varenne-Saint-Germain 2.5 km (1.6 mi) northwest of the village.It flows generally southwest but north from Anzy-le-Duc to its mouth with numerous meanders.
 The Iguará River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Mount Wachusett is located in the towns of Princeton and Westminster in Worcester County Massachusetts. It is the highest point in Massachusetts east of the Connecticut River. The mountain is named after a Native American term meaning near the mountain or mountain place. The mountain is a popular hiking and skiing destination (see Wachusett Mountain Ski Area). An automobile road open spring to fall ascends the summit.
 Estero Bureo a small river on the Pacific coast of the Tomé commune Concepcion Province Bío Bío Region of Chile north of Penco and south of the Itata River. The Buero surrounds by a meander the city of Mulchén on all sides except the south.
 The Suiattle River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington.
 Pinneshiri (ピンネシリ) is a mountain located in the Kabato Mountains on the border of Tōbetsu and Shintotsukawa Hokkaidō Japan. Pinneshiri derives its name from the Ainu language pinne-sir meaning male land. The name of neighboring Mount Machine means female land. Pinneshiri Mount Kamuishiri and Mount Machine are together known as The Three Mountains of Kabato (樺戸三山 Kabato Sanzan).
 Emden is a lunar crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It is named after Jacob Robert Emden (1862-1940).The crater lies to the northwest of the larger crater Rowland and to the east-northeast of Tikhov. It has been heavily damaged by subsequent impacts leaving the rim worn and irregular and the interior partly covered by craters.
 Sasur Khaderi River is a tributary of Yamuna River in the state of Uttar Pradesh in India. It is a small river that flows around 40 kilometers. It was completely dried before it was revived in 2013. It comes under Fatehpur district and passes close to the town. The revival work was taken under the central government sponsored program NREGA.
 The Do Meio River (Bahia Jequié River) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Bras de Bronne (sometimes spelled Bras de Brosne) is a small river in northern France whose 11 km course crosses the departement of the Pas-de-Calais.Its source is at the hamlet of Etreuille near the village of Saint-Michel-sous-Bois. It flows through the communes of Humbert Sempy Aix-en-Issart Marant Marenla and joins the river Canche at Marles-sur-Canche.In winter it is fed by an even smaller river at the commune of Quilen.There’s an ancient watermill at Sempy.
 Middle Peak elevation 13286 ft (4050 m) is a summit in the Lizard Head Wilderness of the San Miguel Mountains in southwest Colorado.
 The Toitoi River is a river in Stewart Island/Rakiura New Zealand.
 Hull Creek is a 6.5-mile-long (10.5 km) tributary of the tidal portion of the Potomac River in Northumberland County in Virginia's Northern Neck.
 Grand Lake is a lake in central New Brunswick Canada approximately 40 kilometres east of Fredericton; and the province's largest freshwater lake. The lake drains through the Jemseg River and the Grand Lake Meadows into the Saint John River.The lake is popular for recreation with locals with several beaches and cottages on its shores.Commercial barges of forest products were towed across the lake from a large sawmill in Chipman to a pulp mill in Saint John until the late 1990s.
 Llagas Creek is a perennial stream in Santa Clara County California USA. The headwaters rise on the eastern side of Crystal Peak near Loma Prieta. From there the creek flows northeast along Casa Loma Road until it reaches Uvas Road and then turns south. At Oak Glen Avenue the creek turns southeast passing through Chesbro Reservoir and the cities of Morgan Hill San Martin and Gilroy.
 Fanshawe Lake is a small man-made lake east of London Ontario.
 The Plomosa Mountains are a mountain range in La Paz County Arizona running generally south of Bouse Arizona near the Arizona/California border. Quartzsite lies to the west across the La Posa Plain. The Harcuvar Mountains and Little Harquahala Mountains lie to the east across the Ranegras Plain. The New Water Mountains lie to the southeast beyond Black Mesa.Interstate 10 crosses the center of the range.
 Tatei Ridge is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1912 Charles D. Walcott.
 The Bazga River is a tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania.
 Akhurian Reservoir (Armenian: Ախուրյանի ջրամբար; Turkish: Arpaçay Barajı) is a reservoir on Akhurian River between Armenia and Turkey. The reservoir has a surface area of 54 km² and a volume of 525 million cubic meters.
 The Gfallwand (Italian: Croda del Tovale) is a mountain in the Texel group of the Ötztal Alps. Parent peaks are the Zielspitze Lahnbachspitze and Schwarze Wand. On the south side of the mountain is also a little lake Pircher Lacke. The easiest route to the summit leads along the Ginggljoch.
 The Breaza River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Andelsbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Bandeira River (Piquiri River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Biberbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Isortoq Fjord (Danish: Søndre Isortoq) is a fjord in the Qeqqata municipality in western Greenland. The fjord to the east of Maniitsoq emptying into Davis Strait. Majorqaq one of the widest rivers in western Greenland draining the Greenland ice sheet empties into the fjord head.
 Eunice Lake is a lake located in the White Lake Wilderness Area in Nova Scotia Canada. It can only be accessed by the Admiral Lake Loop of the Musquodoboit Trailways Association. The lake is about 320 meters long and 190 meters wide. The trailhead is about 2 km north of Musquodoboit Harbour.
 The Bebu River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 Monte Arcosu is a mountain in the Sulcis massif in southern Sardinia Italy. It has an elevation of 948 metres (3110 ft).The mountain has a characteristically truncated cone shape resulting from the differential erosion which followed its formation during the Variscan orogeny. The massif is formed by a granitic intrusion from the Carboniferous lying on a Paleozoic schist basement and in turn surmounted by Paleozoic scists.
 Segula Island (Aleut: Chiĝulax̂) is an island in the Rat Islands archipelago of the western Aleutian Islands Alaska. It consists of a Holocene stratovolcano called Segula Volcano. Segula Island is three to four miles in diameter and is located about 15 miles (24 km) east of Kiska Island. The island supports a large auklet colony; one of only nine in the Aleutian Island chain.
 Hörndlwand is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Billy Mitchell is a volcano located in the central part of the island of Bougainville just northeast of the Bagana Volcano in Papua New Guinea. It is a small pyroclastic shield truncated by a 2 km wide caldera filled by a crater lake.The last two major eruptions were more than 400 (in 1580 AD ± 20 years) and 900 years ago. They were among the largest Holocene eruptions in Papua New Guinea. Both were explosive eruptions with a Volcanic Explosivity Index of at least 5.
 The Marahau River is a river of the Nelson Region New Zealand.
 Berdeen Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Berdeen Lake is 1.25 mi (2.01 km) east of Hagan Mountain and the outlet from the lake leads to a series of waterfalls known as Berdeen Falls which drop 850 ft (260 m) on a tributary of Bacon Creek.
 The Fâneaţa Vacilor River is a tributary of the Valea Caldă Mare River in Romania.
 The Koranga River is a river of the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It lies to the east of Te Urewera National Park to the southwest of the settlement of Matawai and flows northwest to reach its outflow into the Waioeka River.
 The River Dove is the principal river of the southwestern Peak District in the Midlands of England and is around 72 kilometres (45 mi) in length. It rises on Axe Edge Moor near Buxton and flows generally south to its confluence with the River Trent at Newton Solney. From there its waters reach the North Sea via the Humber Estuary. For most of its way it forms the boundary between the counties of Staffordshire (to the west) and Derbyshire (to the east).
 Linderbach (Gramme) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Loch Neldricken is a loch in Galloway to the south-east of Merrick south of Craig Neldricken and west of Craignaw. The loch is almost bisected by a long promontory. It drains via the short Mid Burn into Loch Valley and then via Gairland Burn down to Loch Trool.An inlet at the west of the loch is marked on maps as 'Murder Hole' and features in SR Crockett's The Raiders.
 Liaberget is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Weinsberger Bach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Borale Ale is a stratovolcano located in the Great Rift Valley Ethiopia.
 Marti is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 68 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Marti is named for the Cuban writer José Martí who lived from 1853 to 1895.
 The Pârâul Turcilor is a tributary of the Valea Gorganului River in Romania.
 The Bratcov River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Wattkopf is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Drei Kapuziner is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps close to the towns of Malbun and Steg with a height of 2084 metres (6837 ft).
 Half Moon Lake is located near Milltown Wisconsin.
 Mount Liebig is a mountain with an altitude of 1524 m (5000 ft) in the southern part of the Northern Territory of Australia. It is one of the highest peaks of the MacDonnell Ranges and was named by the explorer Ernest Giles after the German chemist Justus von Liebig. Nearby settlements include Haasts Bluff.Notable Indigenous Australians who have lived in the region of Mount Liebig include Indigenous artist Nora Andy Napaltjarri and Ngoia Pollard Napaltjarri.
 Aberdeen Lake is a large irregularly-shaped lake in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. It is located on the Canadian Shield. The lake measures nearly 90 kilometres (56 mi) east-west with a peneninsula in the center separating the lake into almost two halves which extend nearly 30 km (19 mi) north-south. The Thelon Wildlife Sanctuary is to the west.The Thelon River is the lake's primary inflow and outflow. Beverly Lake and Schultz Lake are nearby.
 Ältasjön (Swedish: Lake of Älta) is a lake in southern Stockholm Sweden located north-east of Lake Flaten and named for the vicinity to the urban district Älta.Ältasjön of which the easternmost fourth belongs to the Stockholm Municipality and the rest to Nacka Municipality is the uppermost lake in the Sicklaån water system which also include Ulvsjön Söderbysjön Dammtorpssjön Källtorpssjön Järlasjön and Sicklasjön.
 The Zumsteinspitze (Punta Zumstein in Italian) (4563 m) is a peak in the Pennine Alps on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It is a subpeak of Monte Rosa.The summit lies between the Dufourspitze (to which it is joined by the Grenzsattel) and the Signalkuppe (to which it is joined by the Colle Gnifetti).
 Gore Creek is a tributary of the Eagle River approximately 18.5 miles (29.8 km) long in Eagle County in central Colorado in the United States. It drains an area of the Rocky Mountains at the south end of the Gore Range through Vail Valley.
 The Winooski River (formerly Onion River) is a tributary of Lake Champlain approximately 90 miles (145 km) long in northern Vermont in the United States. Although not Vermont's longest river it is one of the state's most significant forming a major valley way from Lake Champlain through the Green Mountains towards (although not connecting in drainage to) the Connecticut River valley.The river drains an area of the northern Green Mountains between Montpelier and Burlington.
 The Luís Alves River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Mount Iyogatake (伊予ヶ岳 Iyoga-take) is a mountain on the border of the city of Minamibōsō Chiba Prefecture Japan with an altitude of 336.6 m (1104 ft). Mount Iyogatake is at the west of the Mineoka Mountain District of the Bōsō Hill Range in close proximity to Mount Tomi. The mountain takes its name from its resemblance to Mount Ishizuchi in Ehime Prefecture formerly in Iyo Province.Mount Iyogatake is one of the few mountains in the Bōsō Hill Range with steep rock cliff.
 The Candela River is a river of Mexico. It is a tributary of the Rio Salado which in turn flows into the Rio Grande.
 Kleine Müritz is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.1 m its surface area is 4 km².
 Haykakan Par (Turkish: Agri daglari[citation needed] Armenian: Հայկական Պար) is a ridge at the mid of the Armenian highland. It starts near sources of the Araxes river and stretches from the south bank as far west as Mount Ararat. The length of the ridge 200 km the height - up to 3445 m. It was formed by a chain of volcanoes that arose along a major tectonic fault. The ridge is part of the watershed between the basins of the Caspian Sea and the Persian Gulf.
 Brunei Bay (Malay: Teluk Brunei) is the gateway to Brunei and Borneo. It is located 5°00'43.44 115°17'26.66; east of Bandar Seri Begawan.
 The Ciuceavca River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Beinn Bhàn is a mountain in the highlands of Scotland lying on the Applecross peninsula on the north side of Loch Kishorn. The most striking features of Beinn Bhàn are the rocky corries on the eastern side which are seen well from the A896 road. The best known of the corries is probably Coire na Poite which forms a bowl shape almost entirely ringed by crags offering climbing and winter ice climbing routes.
 The Das Rãs River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Elfbuchen is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Pragel Pass (el. 1548 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps between the cantons of Schwyz and Glarus between Muotathal and Netstal. The pass itself is located in the canton of Schwyz. The pass road is parallel to the road over Klausen Pass and has a maximum grade of 18 percent. The east side of the pass road is closed to motorized vehicles on Saturdays and Sundays which makes it ideal for bikers.
 Cerro Tuzgle is an extinct stratovolcano in northwestern Argentina. It is located roughly 23 kilometers (14 mi) northwest of San Antonio de los Cobres and 16 kilometers (9.9 mi) northwest of the Viaducto la Polvorilla in Los Andes Department Salta Province. It is the easternmost young stratovolcano of the central Andes located about 120 kilometers (75 mi) east of the main volcanic arc.
 Furka Pass (el. 2429 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps connecting Gletsch Valais with Realp Uri. The Furka-Oberalp-Bahn line through the Furka Tunnel bypasses the pass. The base tunnel opened in 1982 and replaced a tunnel at 2100 m.The Furka Pass was used as a location in the James Bond film Goldfinger.
 The Valea Răchitei River is a tributary of the Mara River in Romania.
 The Valea Săriturii River is a tributary of the Lespezi River in Romania.
 Lai Neir is a small lake on Alp Flix in the Grisons Switzerland. It is listed in the Inventory of Raised and Transitional Bogs of National Importance. Lai Neir and Lai Blos are part of Alp Flix a site listed in the Inventory of Mire Landscapes of Particular Beauty and National Importance.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Schwarzbach is a river in southwestern Germany left tributary of the Blies. Its source is in the Palatinate Forest near Trippstadt. It flows through the states Rhineland-Palatinate and Saarland. Towns along its course are Waldfischbach-Burgalben Contwig and Zweibrücken. After 50 km it flows into the Blies in Homburg-Einöd.
 Logan Martin Lake is located in east central Alabama on the Coosa River approximately 30 miles (48 km) east of Birmingham Alabama. This 17000-acre (69 km2) Coosa River reservoir was built in 1965 by Alabama Power Company. The lake nicknamed Lake of a Thousand Coves by locals has 275 miles (443 km) of shoreline along its 48.5-mile (78.1 km) length sandwiched between Logan Martin Dam on the south and Neely Henry Dam on the north.
 Tossal d'Engrilló is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1072 metres above sea level.
 The Staniard Creek is a river of the Bahamas.
 Club Creek is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 Aouille Tseuque is a mountain of the Pennine Alps on the Swiss-Italian border. On its northern side it overlooks the Otemma Glacier.
 Malinao is a volcano located in the Bicol Region of the Philippines. The stratovolcano has no historical eruption but displays strong fumarolic activity which is harnessed for generating electricity. Located on its slope is Tiwi Geothermal Power Plant one of the first geothermal energy plant commissioned in the country.
 Ganesh Himāl (Nepali: गणेश हिमाल) is a sub-range of the Himalaya located mostly in north-central Nepal but some peaks lie on the border with Tibet. TheTrisuli Gandaki valley on the east separates it from the Langtang Himal; the Budhi (Buri) Gandaki valley and the Shyar Khola valley on the west separate it from the Sringi Himal and the Mansiri Himal (home of Manaslu the nearest 8000m peak).
 Cubillas Reservoir is a reservoir in the province of Granada Andalusia Spain.
 Nakorotolutolu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Vashka (Russian: Вашка) is a river in Udorsky District of the Komi Republic and Leshukonsky and Mezensky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left and the biggest tributary of the Mezen River. It is 605 kilometres (376 mi) long and the area of its basin 21000 square kilometres (8100 sq mi).
 San Antonio Creek is a major stream in San Bernardino County California draining southwards from Mount San Antonio in the San Gabriel Mountains into Chino Creek a tributary of the Santa Ana River. The creek is 20.7 miles (33.3 km) long and has a drainage basin of about 37 square miles (96 km2).
 For the incorporated town see Beech Mountain North Carolina.Beech Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country and wholly in the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 5506 feet (1657 m) and generates feeder streams for the Elk River. Nestled on the top is the Town of Beech Mountain.
 Quittapahilla Creek (nicknamed the Quittie) is a 16.8-mile-long (27.0 km) tributary of Swatara Creek in south-central Pennsylvania in the United States.
 The Aitoliko Lagoon (Greek: Λιμνοθάλασσα Αιτωλικού Limnothalassa Aitolikou) is a lagoon located in the south of Aetolia-Acarnania Greece. It is separated from the larger Messolongi Lagoon (a bay of the Gulf of Patras) to the south by the island of Aitoliko. Its maximum depth is 28 metres. At a salinity of 19-28 PSU its water is brackish.
 The Biloaia River is a tributary of the Valea Șturului River in Romania.
 Lake Kereta lies at the South Head peninsula of the Kaipara Harbour in the Rodney District along the west coast of the North Island of New Zealand. The surface area of the lake is about 32 ha with a maximum depth of 1.5m and water temperature of about 21.1°C. It is a less than 250m wide and shallow lake which stretches a bit more than one kilometre in a north-westerly direction there being no streams or rivers flowing into or out of it.
 Eipbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Stockton Hill is a volcanic plug located in the formation known as the Chilcotin Group which lie between the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains and the mid-Fraser River in British Columbia Canada.
 Pointe de Chavasse (2012 m) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps in Haute-Savoie France.
 Iso-Vietonen is a medium-sized lake in the Tornionjoki main catchment area. It is located in Ylitornio municipality in the Lapland region in Finland.
 The 113 km (70 mi)-long Great Bear River which drains the Great Bear Lake westward through marshes into the Mackenzie River forms an important transportation link during its four ice-free months. It originates at south-west bay of the lake. The river has irregular meander pattern 350 m (1150 ft) wide channel with average depth 6 m (20 ft).
 Big Sandy Creek is a 58.0-mile-long (93.3 km) tributary of the Sabine River in Franklin Wood and Upshur counties in northeastern Texas.
 Rancocas Creek is a tributary of the Delaware River in southwestern New Jersey in the United States. The creek's main stem is 8.3 miles (13.4 km) long with a North Branch of 28.3 miles (45.5 km) and a South Branch flowing 21.7 miles (34.9 km). The creek system drains a rural agricultural and forested area on the western edge of the Pinelands north and northeast of Camden and the New Jersey suburbs of Philadelphia.
 The Bolnovăț River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 The Ducașul de Sus River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 Valldalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Odda in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Valea Largă River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
 The Little River is a tributary of the Pleasant River in Columbia Falls Maine. From its source (44°44′16″N 67°44′25″W) the river runs 7.1 miles (11.4 km) south to its confluence with the Pleasant River.
 Lake Ivanhoe (also known as Round Pond) is located in Carroll County New Hampshire in the United States. The lake has no traditional inlets or outlets. Historically a small stream drained Lake Ivanhoe to Great East Lake but construction filled in that stream many years ago and now drainage flows over land to Great East Lake. Lake Ivanhoe is classified as Potentially Impaired according to the New Hampshire Department of Environmental Services water quality parameters.
 Lake Iroquois is a freshwater reservoir located in west Loda Illinois in Iroquois County 13.6 miles from Onarga. Lake Iroquois is 20–50 ft from Bayles Lake (Illinois) the two lakes are separated by a road on the north side of Bayles Lake (Illinois).
 Ukhtym (Russian: Ухтым) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 51 km. Area of drainage basin is 175 km². It flows into the Kolva River at the point located 104 km from Kolva's mouth.
 The Oamaru River is a river of the centre of New Zealand's North Island. One of the headwaters of the Mohaka River it flows generally northeast from its source 35 kilometres southeast of Turangi and forms the boundary between the Kaimanawa and Kaweka Forest Parks.
 The Laaser Spitze also Orgelspitze is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Monte Sillara is the highest peak in the Appennino a sub-chain of the central Apennines in the province of Parma north Italy. It has an altitude of 1861 m. The Sillara is located at the boundary of the provinces of Parma and Massa-Carrara divided between the comuni of Monchio delle Corti (northern slopes) and Bagnone (southern ones). On the Parmense sie are two small glacial lakes the Lake Sillara Superiore (11400 sq. m at 1732 m) and the Lake Sillara Inferiore (11350 sq.
 The Secera River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 České středohoří Central Bohemian Uplands or Bohemian Central Uplands is a mountain range located in northern Bohemia Czech Republic. The range is about 80 km long spanning from Česká Lípa (northeast) to Bílina (southwest) and from Litoměřice (south) to Děčín (north) intersected by the river Elbe.The name středohoří can be translated into English as middle mountains. However the sense of the word middle in this context often misunderstood as being located in the middle of Bohemia.
 Ryūsendō (龍泉洞) is one of Japan's three largest limestone caverns located in Iwaizumi Iwate Prefecture Japan.Ryūsendō has an accessible length of 1200 meters making it the 62nd longest in Japan; however its depth of 249 metres (817 ft) from the entrance to its lowest point is the 5th deepest in Japan. The total confirmed length of the cave is currently 3631 metres (11913 ft) although the cave may extend much further.
 The East Siberian Sea (Russian: Восто́чно-Сиби́рское мо́ре) is a marginal sea in the Arctic Ocean. It is located between the Arctic Cape to the north the coast of Siberia to the south the New Siberian Islands to the west and Cape Billings close to Chukotka and Wrangel Island to the east. This sea borders on the Laptev Sea to the west and the Chukchi Sea to the east.This sea is one of the least studied in the Arctic area.
 Teshekpuk Lake is a 22 miles (35 km)-wide lake on the Arctic coast of the U.S. state of Alaska South of Pitt Point 12 miles (19 km) East of Harrison Bay 80 miles (130 km) East of Point Barrow.
 Swinside is a hill in the northwestern area of the English Lake District. It is small wooded and surrounded by much bigger and more popular fells meaning it is often overlooked. Alfred Wainwright for instance failed to include it in his pictorial guides to fells in the Lake District. Unlike many of its grander neighbours Swinside is a Marilyn as a result of being surrounded by a moat of low boggy ground.
 Laguna Creek is a 8.5-mile-long (13.7 km) south by southwest-flowing stream originating on Ben Lomond Mountain in the Santa Cruz County California United States. It culminates in a lagoon before reaching the Pacific Ocean about six miles northwest of Santa Cruz California.
 The Flowery Range is a mountain range in Storey County Nevada.
 The Cleciova River is a tributary of the Canalul Morilor in Romania.
 Bretaye (or Col de Bretaye) is a high mountain pass of the Swiss Alps located above Villars-sur-Ollon in the canton of Vaud. The pass (1806 m) is connected to Villars by the Bex–Villars–Bretaye railway which is the second highest railway of the canton after the Montreux–Glion–Rochers-de-Naye railway. In winter Bretaye is the main ski area of Villars and a chairlift leads to the summit of Le Chamossaire (2112 m).
 Redstone Lake is a lake located in geographic Guilford Township in the Municipality of Dysart et al Haliburton County in Central Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is part of the Gull River system.
 The Valea Neamțului River is a tributary of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 Lake Pontchartrain (/ˈpɒntʃətreɪn/; French: Lac Pontchartrain French: [lak pɔ̃ʃaʁtʁɛ̃] ) is a brackish estuary located in southeastern Louisiana in the United States. It covers an area of 630 square miles (1600 km2) with an average depth of 12 to 14 feet (3.7 to 4.3 m). Some shipping channels are kept deeper through dredging. It is roughly oval in shape about 40 miles (64 km) from west to east and 24 miles (39 km) from south to north.
 The Peabody Mountains is a mountain range in southeastern Alaska located between the lower Portland Canal and the Marten River. It has an area of 1387 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.The range is located entirely within Misty Fjords National Monument.
 Morel is a mountain located on Terre-de-Haut Island on the archipelago of Îles des Saintes in the Lesser Antilles with the height of 136 meters (446 feet).Situated in the North of the island between the bay of Marigot and the bay of Pompierre it is one of the principal height of the archipelago. It shelters an ancient fortress called Caroline battery.
 Loch Katrine (About this sound listen ; Scottish Gaelic: Loch Ceiteirein or Loch Ceathairne pronounced [lˠ̪ɔx kʲʰeʰtʲəɾʲɛɲ]) is a freshwater loch in the district of Stirling Scotland. It is roughly 8 miles long by 2/3 of a mile wide and runs the length of Strath Gartney (Gaelic: Srath Ghartain).
 Pasjača (Serbian Cyrillic: Пасјача) is a mountain in southern Serbia near the town of Žitorađa. Its highest peak has an elevation of 971 meters above sea level.
 The Slatina River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Schänzlespitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Lac d'Arvouin is a lake south of Cornettes de Bise in the Haute-Savoie region of France. The lake is surrounded by several summits including Pointe d'Arvouin (2019 m) and Le Linleu (2093 m).It covers an area of 1.8 hectares and its deepest point is 6.3 metres. It is located at an altitude of 1663 metres.
 Brislington Brook is a short 5 miles (8.0 km) long tributary of the Bristol Avon rising on the northern slopes of Maes Knoll on the southern boundary of the city of Bristol England. The stream has been badly affected by pollution but improvements have been made in the latter part of the twentieth century and some wildlife is supported. St Anne's Well near the northern end of the brook was a major pilgrimage site for Christians in the Middle Ages.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Corozel River in Romania
 Mount Gass is a mountain located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide and is part of the Rocky Mountain chain. It was named in 1928 after Gass L.H. The mountain is 2865 m (9400 ft.) tall and has two peaks the southernmost being the highest. In 1948 King Bearpaw a Stoney Indian and Bill Watt went prospecting on the mountain specifically on the eastern peak where they had seen unusual looking rocks.
 The Secuianca River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
 The Albano is a stream (or torrente) of Lombardy Italy which flows through the province of Como. It rises from the Bocchetta di Sommafiume in the commune of Germasino and runs eastwards through the Albano valley entering Lake Como at Dongo. Between the communes of Germasino and Dongo Albano passes through Garzeno.The most common fish are brown trout (both Salmo trutta morpha fario and S. trutta morpha lacustris) rainbow trout and chub.
 The Ibirapuitã River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Canoe Lake is a lake in Parry Sound District Ontario Canada. The lake is about 1200 metres (3937 ft) long and 500 metres (1640 ft) wide and the primary inflow and outflow is Canoe Creek which drains into the South Channel of Georgian Bay Lake Huron.
 The Curone (in Piedmontese and in Lombard Cròu) is a torrent which flows for some 50 km) through the Italian regions Lombardy and Piedmont. It is a right tributary of the river Po.The source of the river is at an elevation of some 1500 m on Monte Garave and close to the border between Piedmont and Lombardy.
 The Izvorul Negru River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Lake Earl is the largest lagoon in California and a navigable body of water partly within Tolowa Dunes State Park and partly within Lake Earl Wildlife Area in Del Norte County California and the third-most important seabird area on the West Coast after the Farallons and the Channel Islands.Lake Earl has two principal lobes separated by the Narrows. The smaller lobe which is also closer to the ocean and the sand bar breach site is called Lake Tolowa or Lake Talawa by the California Department of Fish and Game. 
 For other places named 'Muncy' please see Muncy (disambiguation).Muncy Creek is a tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River in Lycoming and Sullivan counties Pennsylvania USA. Little Muncy Creek is its major tributary.
 White Cloud Peak 5 also known as WCP 5 at 10597 feet (3230 m) above sea level is an unofficially named peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 0.91 mi (1.46 km) north-northwest of White Cloud Peak 7 its line parent. Swimm Lake is northwest of the peak.
 The Latelhorn (also known as Punta di Saas) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies between the valleys of Saas (Valais) and Antrona (Piedmont) just north of the Antrona Pass.
 The Sauldre is a river in central France right tributary of the river Cher. Its source is near the village Montigny southwest of Sancerre. The Sauldre flows generally northwest through the following départements and towns: Cher: Vailly-sur-Sauldre Argent-sur-Sauldre Loir-et-Cher: Salbris Romorantin-LanthenayThe Sauldre flows into the river Cher near Selles-sur-Cher.The Rère is among its tributaries.
 Lake Rototuna Lower is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Gulf of Odessa or Odessa Bay is a part of the Black Sea between cape E in North and Cape Velyky Fontan in South. The coasts of the gulf have capes Langeron and Malyi Fontan. In the north-western part of the gulf the estuaries Kuyalnik and Khadzhibey are separated by the Kuyalnik-Khadzhibey sandbar.The Gulf of Odessa is under the influence of the flows of the rivers Dnieper Dniester and Danube.
 The Stony River is a river in the South Island of New Zealand. Rising at southern end of the Grampian Mountains it runs west for 30 kilometres (19 mi) through rough country to the Mackenzie Basin before emptying into Lake Benmore.
 Rozhdestvenskiy is a large lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon within one crater diameter of the north pole. It lies sandwiched between the craters Hermite along the eastern rim and Plaskett which intrudes slightly into the west-southwestern rim. Just on the opposite side of the pole is the crater Peary.This formation is a large crater of the form called a walled plain. The outer rim is heavily eroded and rugged with a somewhat polygonal outline.
 Kampar River on the island of Sumatra in Indonesia originates in the mountainous Bukit Barisan of West Sumatra and empties into the Malacca Strait on the island's eastern coast. It is a well-known river surfing destination because of its tidal bore known as Bono caused by sea water from a high tide flowing upstream into a wide shallow and rapidly narrowing channel against the normal flow of the river water.
 The Snake River is a short tributary of the Blue River approximately 15 miles (24 km) long in central Colorado in the United States. It drains a mountainous area on the west side of the Front Range in southeastern Summit County east of Keystone.
 The Shotover River is located in the Otago region of the South Island of New Zealand. The name correctly suggests that this 75 kilometre-long river is fast flowing with numerous rapids.The river flows generally south from the Southern Alps on its journey running through the Skippers Canyon before draining into the Kawarau River east of Queenstown.The Edith Cavell bridge crosses the river at Arthurs Point.
 Maepongsan is a mountain of North Korea. It has an elevation of 1578 metres
 Togiak Lake is a 13-mile-long (21 km) lake in the U.S. state of Alaska which extends South-West from mouth of Izavieknik River 75 miles (121 km) North-East of Goodnews Bay Kilbuck-Kuskokwim Mountains.
 Lake Vanamõisa (Lake Nigula) is a lake of Estonia.
 Syracuse Lake is a natural lake bordering Syracuse in Kosciusko County Indiana USA.
 The Runculeț River is a tributary of the Mânăileasa River in Romania.
 The Santa Teresa Hills are a mountain range in Santa Clara County California located partly in the city of San Jose. They are one the landforms around the Almaden Valley.
 The Valea Pietrei Mici River is a tributary of the Timișul Sec de Jos River in Romania. The Tamina Waterfall is located on this river.
 Ama Dablam is a mountain in the Himalaya range of eastern Nepal. The main peak is 6856 metres (22493 ft) the lower western peak is 6170 metres (20243 ft). Ama Dablam means Mother's necklace; the long ridges on each side like the arms of a mother (ama) protecting her child and the hanging glacier thought of as the dablam the traditional double-pendant containing pictures of the gods worn by Sherpa women.
 Mount Eldridge is a 10082-foot (3073 m) mountain in the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve. Mount Eldridge lies to the northeast of Mount McKinley overlooking Eldridge Glacier. The mountain is a large massif with several summits along a ridge. Mount Eldridge was named in 1953 by Bradford Washburn for U.S. Geological Survey explorer George H. Eldridge.
 Vestvannet is a lake in the municipality of Sarpsborg in Østfold county Norway.
 The Tapaje River is a river of Colombia. It exits into the Pacific Ocean.
 The Traíras River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Derjon (Ladin: Derjon; Italian: Rio Gardena; German: Grödner Bach) is a stream in South Tyrol Italy.
 Swampy Plain River (and in some places Swampy Plains River) a perennial stream that is part of the Murray catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Snowy Mountains bioregion of New South Wales Australia.
 Chimborazo (Spanish pronunciation: [tʃimboˈɾaso]) is a currently inactive stratovolcano located in the Cordillera Occidental range of the Andes. Its last known eruption is believed to have occurred around 550 AD.With a peak elevation of 6268 metres (20564 ft) Chimborazo is the highest mountain in Ecuador. It is the highest peak in proximity to the equator.
 Mahoosuc Notch is a deep gap in the Mahoosuc Range of western Maine traversed by the Appalachian Trail. The boulders on this mile-long section of trail present obstacles that must be climbed over and sometimes under creating a unique hiking experience. There are occasional ten-foot drops and places where packs must be removed to squeeze beneath a boulder.Many thru-hikers call this stretch one of the slowest on the 2179-mile (3507 km) trail.
 Wetmore Glacier is a glacier about 40 miles (64 km) long flowing southeast between the Rare Range and Latady Mountains into the north part of Gardner Inlet. It was discovered by the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE) 1947–48 under Ronne who named this feature for Alexander Wetmore Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution who assisted Ronne in laying out the scientific research program of the expedition.
 Lake Margrethe is near Grayling in Crawford County Michigan. Its area is 1920 acres (780 ha). It was formerly known as Portage Lake before the name change.Fish species include: rock bass yellow perch bluegill smallmouth bass largemouth bass northern pike tiger muskie and walleye.Portions of the Lake are within Camp Grayling. It is a favorite fishing and recreation lake for soldiers in their off-duty hours.There is also Lake Margrethe State Forest campground.
 Cimetta is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps it is located above Locarno and Lake Maggiore. The Locarno–Madonna del Sasso funicular links Locarno city centre with Orselina. From there a cable car connects to Cardada from which a chair lift runs to the summit.
 Beinn Heasgarnich (Gaelic: Beinn Theasairginneach) is a Scottish mountain. It lies approximately 2 km to the south of Loch Lyon.
 The Mont Miné Glacier (French: Glacier du Mont Miné) is a 7.9 km (4.9 mi) long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 11 km2 (4.2 sq mi).
 Toppmannsbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Serra Imeri is a mountain in South America just north of the equator. It has an elevation of 2500 metres (8202 ft) and sits on the international border between Brazil and Venezuela.
 The Maracaí River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Madofan River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Deming Glacier is located on Mount Baker in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington. Between 1850 and 1950 Deming Glacier retreated 7217 ft (2200 m). During a cooler and wetter period from 1950 to 1979 the glacier advanced 2060 ft (630 m) but between 1980 and 2006 retreated back 1140 ft (350 m). Situated on the southwest slopes of Mount Baker Deming Glacier is bordered by the Easton Glacier to the east and the Black Buttes ridge to the west.
 Lake Tutira is a body of water in north-eastern Hawke's Bay in New Zealand. Much of the area was surveyed by Herbert Guthrie-Smith who farmed 60000 acres (240 km²) surrounding the lake. Guthrie-Smith a naturalist published the popular Tutira: the story of a New Zealand sheep station in 1921.
 Pasteur Crater is a crater in the Arabia quadrangle of Mars located at 19.4° north latitude and 335.5° west longitude. It is 113 kilometres (70 mi) in diameter and was named after Louis Pasteur a French chemist.Dark sand dunes are clustered in the southwest of the crater. The orientation of the barchan dunes suggest that they were generated by northeasterly winds. The source of the dune's sand appears to be local.
 Reynolds Mountain (9125 feet (2781 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Reynolds Mountain is situated along the Continental Divide and is easily seen from Logan Pass by looking due south from the pass. Hidden Lake is located below Reynolds Mountain to the west. Reynolds is a class 2(3) climb via the southwestern talus slope route that allows many people to easily climb the peak.
 The Valea Glăjăriei River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
 Mount Tapochau is the highest point on the island of Saipan in the Northern Mariana Islands. It is located in the centre of the island north of San Vicente village and northwest of Magicienne Bay and rises to a height of 474 m (1554 ft). The mountain offers a 360 degree view of the island. Mount Tapochau was vital in World War II as a result of this.
 Baxter Lake is a 302.1-acre (1.223 km2) water body located in Strafford County in eastern New Hampshire United States in the town of Farmington and the city of Rochester. It is part of the Cocheco River watershed a tributary of the Piscataqua River. Lake access is from the state launching ramp off 4 Rod Road. Once clear of the island winds are very steady for small boat sailing. Much of the east shoreline is undeveloped.
 Joule is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the north-northeast of the walled plain Mach. To the northwest of Joule is the crater Blazhko.This is a worn and eroded crater formation. A pair of smaller craters lies along the northeastern rim and a crater is intruding into the northwest rim. To the south is an outward projection that has the appearance of a crater partly overlain by Joule. The remainder of the rim and inner wall is somewhat irregular.
 The Lipeo River (Spanish Río Lipeo) is a river of Argentina. It is a tributary of the Bermejo River.
 Little River is the largest Pacific coastal drainage basin between the Mad River and Big Lagoon. Little River drains forested Franciscan assemblage of the California Coast Ranges. The lowermost mile of channel is through Quaternary alluvium and dune sand of an estuarine floodplain typical of coastal inlets along the Cascadia subduction zone. Land seaward of U.S. Route 101 forms Little River State Beach and Clam Beach County Park.
 The Wolf River (Tlingit: Ghùch Hîni) is a river in Yukon Canada. It is in the Bering Sea drainage basin and is a left tributary of the Nisutlin River.The river begins at an Wolf Lake flows west and takes in its right tributary the Red River then turns southwest and heads to its mouth at the Nisutlin River. The Nisutlin River empties via Teslin Lake the Teslin River and the Yukon River to the Bering Sea.
 Casablanca (Spanish pronunciation: [kasaˈβlaŋka]) is a holocene stratovolcano in the Andes of Los Lagos Region Chile. It is located about 90 km east of the city of Osorno and host on its slopes the Antillanca ski resort.
 The Tromyogan is a river in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug Russia a tributary of the Ob River.
 Ansoo Lake is situated in Kaghan Valley Mansehra District of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan. It is located near Malika Parbat in the Himalayan range at the altitude of 4245 meters (13927 ft). This lake is considered to be one of the most beautiful lakes of the world. The name Ansoo comes from its tear-like shape (the Urdu word Ansoo means teardrop).
 The Blackall Range is a mountain range in South East Queensland Australia. The first European explorer in the area was Ludwig Leichhardt. It was named after Samuel Blackall the second Governor of Queensland.The Blackall Range dominates the hinterland area of the Sunshine Coast west of Nambour. Maleny Mapleton Montville and Flaxton are the main settlements located on the range. The Stanley River rises from the southern slopes.
 Río Verde (Spanish for green river) is a river of Paraguay which flows along the Chaco region. It is a tributary of the Paraguay River.
 The Băgara River is a tributary of the Sârbi River in Romania.
 University Peak is a thirteener in the Sierra Nevada. It is named for the University of California. It is on the Sierra crest between Mount Gould to the north and Mount Bradley to the south. It lies partly in Tulare County and partly in Inyo County. Its west side is in Kings Canyon National Park while the east face is in the John Muir Wilderness.The nearest trailhead to University Peak is Onion Valley. The least technical route to its summit is an off-trail hike up the south slopes.
 The Soldier Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S. state of Idaho spanning northern Camas and eastern Elmore counties. The highest point in the range is Smoky Dome at 10095 feet (3077 m) and the range is bounded on the west and north by the South Fork Boise River. The mountains are located within Sawtooth National Forest north of Fairfield Idaho. The Soldier Mountain Ski Area is located within the range to the east of Smoky Dome.
 The Gawler Ranges are a range of stoney hills in South Australia to the north of Eyre Peninsula. The Eyre Highway skirts the south of the ranges. The Gawler Ranges National Park and Gawler Ranges Conservation Reserve are in the ranges north of Wudinna. The ranges are covered by the Gawler Ranges Native Title Claim.
 The Bassin Rond is a pond located beside the Canal de la Sensée as it joins the Canal de l'Escaut near Estrun France.
 The Casma River which upstream is called Río Grande is a river that crosses northern Casma province in the Ancash Region of Peru. It originates in the Black Mountain Range and drains into the Pacific Ocean. Major tributaries include the Sechín River (right).The Casma Valley a coastal valley situated about 320 kilometres (200 mi) north of Lima Peru lies along the Casma River between the towns Chimbote and Huarmey.
 Hartwig is a lunar crater that is located near the western limb of the Moon. It is attached to the eastern rim of the prominent crater Schlüter to the northeast of the Montes Cordillera mountain range that surrounds the Mare Orientale. To the east-northeast of Hartwig is the larger crater Riccioli.This crater lies within the outer blanket of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin and its form has been modified by this material.
 Haigler Creek is located in the Mogollon Rim area of the state of Arizona. The closest town Young is 14 miles away. The facilities are maintained by Tonto National Forest division of the USDA Forest Service.
 Wapta Lake is a glacial lake in Yoho National Park in the Canadian Rockies of eastern British Columbia Canada.Wapta Lake is formed from Cataract Brook and Blue Creek in Yoho National Park and is the source of the Kicking Horse River.The Trans-Canada Highway passes on the north shore of the lake while the Canadian Pacific Railway tracks follow the south shore.
 Lake Kawaguchi (河口湖 Kawaguchi-ko) is located in Fujikawaguchiko southern Yamanashi Prefecture near Mount Fuji Japan. It is the second largest of the Fuji Five Lakes in terms of surface area and is located at the lowest elevation. It is situated at an altitude of approximately 800 metres which accounts for its relatively cool summers and frequently icy winters.
 Landwasser (Mandau) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Opeongo Lake is a lake in the Ottawa River drainage basin in the geographic townships of Bower Dickson Preston and Sproule in the Unorganized South Part of Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is the largest lake in Algonquin Provincial Park and the source of the Opeongo River.It has three arms North East and South joined by narrows into a Y shape.
 Big Bone Cave is a cave located in Van Buren County Tennessee in the community of Bone Cave. It is notable both for its history and current recreational use. It is listed on the National Register of Historic Places and is a 334-acre (1.4 km2) State Natural Area managed by Rock Island State Park (Tennessee). It is named for the discovery of the bones of a giant ground sloth in 1811. The cave was operated as a saltpeter mine notably during the War of 1812 and the American Civil War.
 Mount Washington is the highest peak in the Northeastern United States at 6288 ft (1917 m) and the most prominent mountain east of the Mississippi River. It is famous for dangerously erratic weather. For 76 years until 2010 a weather observatory on the summit held the record for the highest wind gust directly measured at the Earth's surface 231 mph (372 km/h or 103 m/s) on the afternoon of April 12 1934.
 Jargalant Hairhan (Mongolian: Жаргалант Хайрхан lit. blissful holy mountain) is a mountain in Mongolia located in the Khovd Province. It has a summit elevation of 3796 m (12454 ft) above sea level.
 The Valea cu Apă is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
 La Soufrière (“The Sulfurer”) or Soufrière Saint Vincent is an active volcano on the island of Saint Vincent in the Windward Islands of the Caribbean.
 The Horăița River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Letterbreckaun is a 667-metre (2188 ft) mountain in County Galway Ireland. It the second highest peak in the Maumturks range which lie within the Connemara region.The name Letterbreckaun comes from Leitir Bhriocáin 'Brecan’s wet hillside' and is the name of a townland on the slope of the hill. St. Brecan is a saint associated particularly with Co. Galway who is said to have been the successor to St. Enda in Cill Éinne the Aran Islands.
 Bóbr Mały is a river of Poland a short tributary of the Bóbr.
 The Ratova River is a tributary of the Mortăuța River in Romania.
 Fahrlander See is a lake at Potsdam Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 29.4 m its surface area is 2.105 km². The Sacrow–Paretz Canal flows through the lake.
 For the park in Miami see Simpson Park HammockSimpson Park is a valley south of Grass Valley Nevada that contained a Pony Express station location of Pony Express Division Four.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Crișul Pietros River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Căuși River.
 The Watchung Mountains (once called the Blue Hills) are a group of three long low ridges of volcanic origin between 400 ft. (122 m) and 500 ft. (152 m) high lying parallel to each other in northern New Jersey in the United States.
 Jackson Creek is a creek in Peterborough Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and flows to its mouth at Little Lake as a right tributary of the Otonabee River. The Otonabee flows via the Trent River to Lake Ontario.In 1963 the Otonabee Region Conservation Authority received a grant for construction of a dam on Jackson Creek. The creek overflowed in July 2004 causing extensive damage.
 This article is about the mountain in the East Kootenay region of southeastern British Columbia. For the mountain in the Stikine Ranges of the Northern Interior of British Columbia see Sharktooth Mountain. For the similar-named mountain in California see Sharktooth Peak. For the similarly named mountain in Colorado see Sharkstooth Peak.Shark Tooth Mountain officially named in 1954 is also known as The Sharktooth or Sharp Tooth Mountain.
 Monte Cimone is the highest mountain in the northern Apennines of Italy. It has an elevation of 2165 m and is also the highest point in the Emilia-Romagna region of Italy.The mountain encompasses the comuni of Fiumalbo Sestola Fanano and Riolunato in the province of Modena. Its interior houses a military structure; for this reason during the Cold War access to the peak was forbidden.
 The Făgimac River is a tributary of the Șurgani River in Romania.
 The Yaapi River is a river of Ecuador.
 Hadlock Pond also known as Lake Hadlock is a small man-made reservoir formed on a tributary of Halfway Creek in the town of Fort Ann in Washington County New York United States. The pond is also referred to as Sunderland Pond.Constructed in 1896 the original dam was of earthen construction or rock fill. It had a height of 29 feet (8.8 m) with a width of 850 feet (260 m).
 The Valea Omeagului River is a headwater of the Zeldiș River in Romania.
 Peter's Rock also known as Rabbit Rock Rabbit Hill Indian Rock and Great Rock with a high point of (est.) 373 feet (114 m) above sea level is a trap rock peak located 4 miles (6 km) northeast of downtown New Haven Connecticut in the town of North Haven. It is part of the Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border.
 Beckwood Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mount Smythe is a mountain in Jasper National Park Alberta Canada. It is located in the Winston Churchill Range 2 km (1.2 mi) southwest of Gong Peak and 1 km (0.62 mi) north of Mount Nelson. It reaches a height of 3246 m (10650 ft). The mountain was named after Francis Sydney Smythe an international mountaineer who climbed in the Himalaya Alps and the Canadian Rockies.
 The Balleza River or Río Balleza is a river of Mexico. It is a tributary of the Rio Conchos which in turn flows into the Rio Grande.
 The Geamăna River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 Buried Mountain is a mountain in the Orocopia Mountains visible from Interstate 10. The mountain gains its name due to its appearance of being buried into the ground as it is 500 feet shorter than the rest of the Orocopia Mountains lying in the background.
 Keppbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Aquidabán River (Spanish: Río Aquidabán) is a river in the Amambay Department in northeastern Paraguay.
 The Bregava is a river in Bosnia and Herzegovina that passes through the town of Stolac. It is a left tributary of the Neretva river.The river Bregava and its buildings - bridges mills and stamping mills over the river - constitutes the backbone of the urban layout of Stolac. It passes through two waterfalls in Stolac one which is natural and the other artificial and continue its way through the Bregava canyon leading to Badanj Cave.
 Häuserbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lough Allen (Irish: Loch Aillionn) is a lake on the River Shannon in northeastern Connacht Ireland. Most of the lake is in County Leitrim with a smaller part in County Roscommon. The lake lies to the south of the River Shannon's source near the Iron Mountains and is the uppermost of the three main lakes on the river. The other two Lough Ree and Lough Derg are much further to the south.The lake is shaped like an upturned isosceles triangle.
 Zeiselbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Sachsenhäger Aue is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Easby Moor is located in the North York Moors national park at 324 metres (1063 ft) above sea level within the Cleveland Hills North Yorkshire England. The moor is a part of the Cleveland Way and is best known for its monument to Captain James Cook which overlooks the village of Great Ayton.
 Mount Derby is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 24 km (15 mi) southeast of Telegraph Cove and 14 km (9 mi) northwest of Mount Russell.
 The Arolla Glacier (French: Glacier d'Arolla) is a 4 km (2.5 mi) long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 13.17 km2 (5.08 sq mi).The Glacier d'Arolla is in fact composed of two glacier: the Glacier du Mont Collon and the Haut Glacier d'Arolla.
 The Grințieșu Mare River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 Gelmersee (or Lake Gelmer) is a lake in Bernese Oberland Switzerland. The hydroelectric reservoir was built at the same time as Grimselsee. The reservoir's volume is 13 million m³ and its surface area 0.645 km².The lake may be reached by the Gelmerbahn from Handegg Guttannen at 1412 m. The funicular's track with a length of 1028 m has a maximum inclination of 106%.
 Reeds Millpond is a 10-acre (40000 m2) pond in Kingston Massachusetts. The pond is located on Route 27 northwest of the intersection with Winter Street and Reed Street north of Pembroke Street South Pond south of Lower Chandler Pond and southwest of Pine Street Pond. Pine Brook a tributary of the Jones River flows through the pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish in the pond.
 The Tutănița River is a tributary of the Tutana River in Romania.
 The Opouteke River (in its upper reaches called Opouteke Stream) is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally east reaching the Mangakahia River 30 kilometres north of Dargaville.
 Woseriner See is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 37.2 m its surface area is 2.35 km².
 The North Shore Mountains are a mountain range overlooking Vancouver in British Columbia Canada. Their southernmost peaks are visible from most areas in Vancouver and form a distinctive backdrop for the city. The steep southern slopes of the North Shore Mountains limit the extent to which the municipalities of Greater Vancouver's North Shore (West Vancouver the District of North Vancouver and the City of North Vancouver) can grow.
 Debye is a lunar crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the Moon's far side as seen from the Earth. It lies to the south of the crater Chappell and to the southwest of the walled plain Rowland.The outer rim of this crater has been heavily battered by impacts and is somewhat distorted from the form of a circle. The northeast rim in particular has become straightened by impact modification and the crater rim as a whole has a roughly polygonal shape.
 Osterkopf is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Vartdalsfjorden is a fjord (more technically a strait) in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It begins at the Storfjorden and Sulafjorden in the northeast and flows through Hareid Municipality and Ulstein Municipality on the northern shore of the fjord and through Ørsta Municipality and Volda Municipality on the southern shore. The 20-kilometre (12 mi) long fjord has one road crossing the Eiksund Tunnel. The deepest part of the fjord reaches 365 metres (1198 ft) below sea level.
 The Lower Grindelwald Glacier (German: Unterer Grindelwaldgletscher) is a Glacier in the Swiss Bernese Alps situated to the south of Grindelwald.
 Mud Lake is an oxbow lake located in northwestern DeSoto County Mississippi and in southwestern Shelby County Tennessee. It was created by changes in the flow of the Mississippi River and borders Horn Lake (Tennessee) to the east.
 Loon Lake is a wishbone-shaped body of water in Warren County New York. It is located within the Town of Chester which maintains the beach. Fishing and boating are popular activities. Common fish species within the lake include Pumpkinseed sunfish Rock bass Perch Smallmouth bass Largemouth bass Northern pike Walleye and Brown bullhead catfish.
 The Afinetul is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Băbeanca River is a tributary of the Leşu River in Romania.
 The River Calder is a major tributary of the River Ribble starting in Cliviger close to Burnley in Lancashire England and is around 15 miles / 24 km in length. Its source is very close to that of the West Yorkshire river with the same name and that of the River Irwell. It flows through Towneley Park passing Unity College and Fulledge Recreation Ground.
 Schlichem is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Rivière de Grand Goâve is a river of Haiti.The 12 January 2010 7.0 tremor created a landslide which formed a landslide dam blocking the river that can potentially contain a large basin of water. Though it is now dry the wet season is approaching and a dam collapse would directly outflow the contents through the city of Grand-Goâve. The dam is located a dozen kilometres from the city of Grand-Goâve.
 Lake Washington is the largest lake in Brevard County Florida at 4362 acres (17.65 km2). The lake may have been named for the U.S. Deputy Surveyor Colonel Henry Washington after he surveyed the area in 1844.
 Sarmiento Lake is a lake located in Torres del Paine National Park in the Magallanes Region of southern Chile. It is named after Spanish explorer Pedro Sarmiento de Gamboa and gives its name to one of the areas in the National Park Torres del Paine. Its edge is marked by extensive calcium deposits possibly from hydrothermal activity in the lake.
 Gudenberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Chickamauga Creek is a short tributary of the Tennessee River which it joins near Chattanooga Tennessee. There are two main arteries of Chickamauga Creek the North Branch and the South Branch.
 The Coacăz River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 Karakar Pass (el. 1336 m./4384 ft.) is a mountain pass in the Hindu Kush in Pakistan.From the top of the pass one can view Buner Valley. It was at this pass that the Emperor Akbar lost most of his 8000-man army in an abortive attempt to invade Swat in 1586. The 45 km-long road from Pir Baba (RA) to Barikot passes through Mount Ilam rising through mature pine forests to Karakar Pass.
 Monte Prado (or Prato) is a mountain in the northern Apennines located in the trait between the Pradarena and Radici Passes with an altitude of 2054 m.Monte Prado is right on the boundary between the province of Reggio Emilia and that of Lucca. The mountain is part of the National Park of the Appennino Tosco-Emiliano.
 Loch of the Lowes is a loch near Dunkeld in Perth and Kinross Scotland. The loch and the surrounding area are designated as a wildlife reserve run by the Scottish Wildlife Trust.
 The Boomerang Range (at 78.45°S 158.75°E﻿ / -78.45; 158.75) is a narrow mountain range on the western side of the Skelton Glacier and Skelton Névé Antarctica. The range is curved like a boomerang and extends generally north-south for about 25 km. It was mapped and named in 1957 by geologists in the New Zealand party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition (CTAE) 1956-58.
 Kimsa Chata or Kimsachata (Aymara and Quechua kimsa three Pukina chata mountain three mountains hispanicized Quimsa Chata Quimsachata) is a 8 km (5 mi)-long volcanic complex on a north-south alignment along the border between Bolivia and Chile overseeing Chungara Lake. It contains three peaks all stratovolcanoes.
 The Kuloy (Russian: Кулой) is a river in Pinezhsky and Mezensky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. Its mouth is located in the Mezen Bay of the White Sea. It is 235 kilometres (146 mi) long and the area of its basin 19000 square kilometres (7300 sq mi). The principal tributaries of the Kuloy are the Kyolda (left) the Nemnyuga (right) and the Soyana (left).
 Kabiskagami Lake is a lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District Ontario Canada. It is about 2.8 kilometres (1.7 mi) long and 0.8 kilometres (0.5 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 358 metres (1175 ft). The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Mosambik Lake on the Magpie River which flows into Lake Superior.
 The Tolt River is located in the western foothills of the Cascade Mountains in north central King County in the U.S. state of Washington. The river begins at the confluence of the North Fork Tolt and South Fork Tolt rivers. It flows southwest joining the Snoqualmie River near Carnation Washington. The Tolt River watershed is part of the larger Snohomish River and Puget Sound drainage basin.
 Loch Enoch is a multi-basin loch in Galloway to the east of Merrick and south of Mullwharchar. The loch is situated in a granite basin and has several small islands and some beaches on its shore. The sharp granite sand of these beaches was collected and sold for sharpening knives and scythes. The catchment area's vegetation is mainly Purple Moor Grass and Heather.The loch's outflow supplies Loch Doon and the River Doon both in Ayrshire.
 Littles Peak (10712 feet (3265 m) is located in the Teton Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is on the border of Grand Teton National Park and the Jedediah Smith Wilderness of Caribou-Targhee National Forest. Littles Peak is at the western end of Leigh Canyon.
 Couder is a small lunar impact crater that is located just behind the western limb of the Moon in a region of the surface that is brought into view during favorable librations. It lies on the inner foothills of the Montes Cordillera a ring-shaped mountain range that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin.This region is relatively devoid of major craters with the nearest being Schlüter almost due east. Slightly farther to the south of Couder is Maunder at the edge of the mare.
 The Great Dividing Range or the Eastern Highlands is Australia's most substantial mountain range and the third longest land-based range in the world. The range stretches more than 3500 kilometres (2175 mi) from Dauan Island off the northeastern tip of Queensland running the entire length of the eastern coastline through New South Wales then into Victoria and turning west before finally fading into the central plain at the Grampians in western Victoria.
 The Prislop River is a tributary of the Băncușorul River in Romania.
 The Arada River is a tributary of the Albac River in Romania.
 Chaiwopu Lake (Chinese: 柴窝堡湖; pinyin: Chaiwopu Hu) is a freshwater lake located in Dabancheng District some 45 km southeast of Ürümqi in Xinjiang China. The lake receives (at least theoretically) water from several streams from the Bogda Shan range.The lake is almost round some 5–6 km in diameter which makes it the largest freshwater lake in the Ürümqi region.
 The West Kettle River is a tributary of the Kettle River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is part of the Columbia River basin as the Kettle River is a tributary of the Columbia River.
 The Leysse is the river which crosses the city of Chambéry Savoie France. At its entrance into the city it goes underground in a channel of about 1 km.
 Reid Glacier is an 11-mile-long (18 km) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It trends north to Reid Inlet in Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve two miles (3 km) south of Glacier Bay and 72 miles (116 km) northwest of Hoonah. It was named by members of the Harriman Alaska Expedition for Harry Fielding Reid.
 Čertovica (Hungarian: Ördöglakodalma-hágó) is a mountain pass in the Low Tatras mountain range in Slovakia. It connects regions of Liptov and Horehronie. With 1232 metres (4042 ft) AMSL it is the highest paved mountain pass in Slovakia. It is open all year round however it can be rarely closed during the winter because of the severe weather conditions. The pass was daily crossed by more than 2000 vehicles as of 2005.
 Eifgenbach is a 20.5 km (12.7 mi)-long river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. Its source is near Wermelskirchen appr. 15 km (9.3 mi) south of Wuppertal. It runs in south-westerly direction and its mouth into the river Dhünn is near Odenthal appr.
 The Pannonian island mountains (Serbian: Panonske ostrvske planine Панонске острвске планине Croatian: Panonske otočne planine is a name for mountains located in the southern Pannonian Plain in the Serbian province of Vojvodina. They include Fruška Gora and Vršac Mountains. In prehistoric times these mountains were islands of the ancient Pannonian Sea that disappeared about 600000 years ago.
 The Valea Izvorului River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Lake Kamnarok is a lake in Kenya at the base of the Kerio Valley. The name originated from the word narok which is a species of water plant that was widely found in the lake in the early stages of the lake formation.The lake is 1 km² in size. It was in existence before 1961 but the flood rains of that year led to its enlargement. The flooding disaster saw people living in the area being evacuated in order to save lives.
 The Oberhohenberg (1011 metres) is the second highest mountain of the Swabian Alb only four metres lower than the Lemberg. The ruins on its top derive from the year 1449 when the Castle Oberhohenberg together with the town of Hohenberg located on the mountain's feet were destroyed in a local feud.
 The Hoher Randen is the highest mountain of the Randen a range located between the Jura and the Swabian Jura. It is located south of Blumberg in the German state of Baden-Württemberg near the border with the Swiss canton of Schaffhausen.
 The Râiosu River is a tributary of the Sărata River in Romania.
 Lag da Laus (Romansh) is a small lake within the municipality of Sumvitg in the Grisons Switzerland.There is no raal tributary to the lake and the outflow will disappear in the underground after some distance as the area consists of landslide debris. The area of the landslide can easily be spotted from the Disentis direction.Several hiking paths or mountainbike routes lead to the area. Some people swim on hot summer days although water temperature is less than 17 degrees Celsius.
 The Maitland River is a river in Huron County Perth County and Wellington County in Southwestern Ontario Canada. The river is in the Great Lakes Basin and empties into Lake Huron at the town of Goderich. It is 150 kilometres (93 mi) long and is named after Sir Peregrine Maitland Lieutenant-Governor of Upper Canada from 1818 to 1828. It was formerly known as the Menesetung River.
 Guanella Pass (el. 3557 m./11669 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado US.The pass is located in southwestern Clear Creek County in the Front Range west of Denver and south of Georgetown. The pass was named for Byron Guanella in 1953.
 Mohawk Crater is an impact crater in the Elysium quadrangle of Mars located at 43.2° N and 5.4° W. It is 17.5 km in diameter and was named after a town in Yemen.
 The Wasenhorn (also known as Punta Terrarossa) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. With Monte Leone in the south it overlooks the Simplon Pass.The Simplon Tunnel runs into the massif of the Wasenhorn below the subsidiary summit named Tunnelspitz (2903 m).
 Masursky Crater is a crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 12.1° North and 32.4° West. It is 117.9 km in diameter and was named after Harold Masursky an American astrogeologist (1922–1990).
 Mir Alam Tank is a tank in Hyderabad India located to the south of Musi river. It was the primary source of drinking water to Hyderabad before Osman Sagar and Himayat Sagar were built.
 Penny Royal Glacier is a hanging alpine glacier in the Talkeetna Mountains of Alaska.
 The Sărățel River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Borealis Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the north slopes of Primus Peak. Borealis Glacier flows generally northeast for a distance of approximately .70 mi (1.13 km). Borealis Glacier descends from nearly 7200 to 6000 ft (2200 to 1800 m) but is split into an upper and lower sections. The upper section is as much as .90 mi (1.45 km) wide but ends abruptly in an icefall along some cliffs.
 Beaver Lake Inverness is a lake of Inverness County in north-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 Grennelbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Gubongdaesan is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 900.7 m (2955 ft).
 Chilko Lake is a 180 km² lake in west-central British Columbia at the head of the Chilko River on the Chilcotin Plateau. The lake is about 65 km long with a southwest arm 10 km long. It is one of the largest lakes by volume in the province because of its great depth and the largest above 1000 m in elevation. It and Harrison Lake are the largest lakes in the southern Coast Mountains.
 The Tsna (Russian: Цна) is a river in Kuvshinovsky Ostashkovsky Firovsky and Vyshnevolotsky Districts of Tver Oblast of Russia. It is a tributary of Lake Mstino (technically of Vyshny Volochyok Reservoir) and belongs to the drainage basin of the Neva and the Baltic Sea. It is 160 kilometres (99 mi) long and the area of its basin 4140 square kilometres (1600 sq mi).
 Aguas Calientes Volcano or Cerro Aguas Calientes also called Simbad is a cone-shaped stratovolcano located 5 kilometres (3 mi) east of the Lascar volcano and directly north of Laguna Lejía in Chile's II Region (Antofagasta). Also in the area are the volcanoes Acamarachi and Chiliques.A small crater lake is found within the Aguas Calientes summit crater making it one of the highest lakes in the world. The crater lake is tinged red due to the presence of large populations of microorganisms.
 The Rhue (French: la Rhue also called Grande Rhue) is a 56.6 km (35.2 mi) long river in the Puy-de-Dôme Cantal and Corrèze départements south central France. Its source is at Besse-et-Saint-Anastaise near Super Besse in the parc naturel régional des volcans d'Auvergne 4.5 km (2.8 mi) southeast of the puy de Sancy. It flows generally southwest.
 Little Bitterroot Lake is a small lake in northwest Montana. It is located in the town of Marion Montana.
 Dragon Hill is a small hillock immediately below the Uffington White Horse on the border of the civil parishes of Uffington and Woolstone in the English county of Oxfordshire. In 1974 it was transferred from Berkshire.Dragon Hill is a natural chalk hill with an artificial flat-top (situated on the scarp slope of White Horse Hill) to which clings the legend that it was on its summit that Saint George slew the dragon.
 West Beck is the common name given to the upper section of the old River Hull as it rises in the foothills of the Yorkshire Wolds. After reaching Frodingham Beck at Emmotland it becomes called the River Hull.
 Cougar Reservoir (also known as Cougar Lake) is a reservoir on the South Fork McKenzie River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is in Lane County 46 miles (74 km) east of Eugene and about 3 miles (5 km) south of the community of Rainbow in the Willamette National Forest.
 The River Brun is a river in eastern Lancashire.Rising at the confluence of Hurstwood Brook (draining Wether Edge Hameldon and supplying the Hurstwood Reservoir) and Rock Water at Foxstones Bridge near the village of Hurstwood the river runs northwest towards the town of Burnley.The river passes through the artificial Rowley Lake near Rowley Hall and collects Swinden Water and the River Don the latter at Netherwood Bridge.In Burnley the Brun travels through Queen's Park and Thompson Park before moving through the town centre where it is occasionally culverted.The Brun joins the River Calder close to a roundabout on Active Way in Burnley.
 The Aarhus River is a 40 km long river or stream that drains a basin of 324 km² in eastern part of Søhøjlandet Denmark. The river originates 54 m above sea level in the swampy bogland of Astrup Mose close to Stilling-Solbjerg Lake southwest of Aarhus (56°6' northern latitude 10°9' eastern longitude) and exits into Aarhus Harbour at 56°9' northern latitude 10°13' eastern longitude.
 The Nottaway River is a river in Quebec Canada. The river drains Lake Matagami and travels 225 kilometers (140 mi) north-west before emptying into Rupert Bay at the south end of James Bay. Its drainage basin is 65800 square kilometers (25400 sq mi) and has a mean discharge of 1190 m³/s (1556 yd³/s).
 Monte Priora is a mountain of Marche Italy representing the third highest peak in the group of Sibillini Mountains after Mount Vettore and Cima del Redentore (Italian for The Redeemer's Peak). Mount Priora's summit is also known as Pizzo della Regina (Peak of the Queen).
 Argeș (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈard͡ʒeʃ] ) is a river of Southern Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Buda and Capra in the Făgăraș Mountains in the Southern Carpathians and flows into the Danube at Oltenița. The main city on the Argeș is Pitești. Upstream it is retained by the Vidraru Dam which has created Lake Vidraru.
 The Juruena River is a 1240 km long river in west-central Brazil in the state of Mato Grosso. For the last 190 km of its lower part the river becomes the border between the states Mato Grosso and Amazonas. It finally joins the Teles Pires river to form the Tapajós river which is one of the biggest tributaries to the Amazon River.The river is the site of the Juruena National Park as well as the Salto Augusto Falls. Juruena National Park was created on June 5 2006 and covers 19000 km².
 Abu Nuwas is an impact crater on the planet Mercury 116 kilometers in diameter. It is located at 17.4°N 20.4°W. It is named after the Arab poet Abu Nuwas and its name was approved by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. There appears to be a small mountain centered inside the Abu Nuwas floor and the crater's wall opens toward the south to link to a much smaller unnamed crater. To the north are the craters Ts'ai Wen-chi and Rodin.
 The Valea lui Bogdan River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Hoyerswerdaer Schwarzwasser is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Hüttenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Rinrihirka (Quechua rinri ear Ancash Quechua hirka mountain ear mountain hispanicized spellings Rinrihirca Rinrijirca) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5810 m (19836 ft) high. It is located in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Santa Cruz District south of the Pukahirka.
 The Hășdate (also: Hăjdate in Hungarian: Hesdát-patak) is a small river in the Apuseni Mountains Cluj County western Romania. It is a left tributary of the river Arieş. It flows through the municipalities Săvădisla Ciurila and Petreștii de Jos and joins the Arieș at Corneşti near Turda. It is fed by several smaller streams including Dumbrava Filei Săliște Micuş Negoteasa Livada and Petridul. It formed the Cheile Turzii a narrow river gorge.
 The Setea Mare River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 The Latrobe River (or sometimes La Trobe or LaTrobe) is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria. The Latrobe River and its associated sub-catchment is an important source for the Gippsland Lakes draining the south eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range.
 Store Fornestinden is the highest peak of a mountain in the eastern part of the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway about 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of the city of Tromsø. It is located about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) west of the village of Lyngseidet in the municipality of Lyngen. The mountain is on the southern shore of the Kjosen fjord an arm of the large Ullsfjorden.The mountain consists of two peaks the highest being Store Fornestinden at 1477 metres (4846 ft).
 The Taipo River is a river of the central West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from its sources west of Mount Rolleston fed by the waters of several mountain streams. After some 15 kilometres it turns northeast to flow past the Bald Range before reaching the valley of the Taramakau River into which it flows 35 kilometres east of Hokitika.
 Maulin (Irish: Málainn meaning High or sloping ground) is a hill located in the northeastern section of the Wicklow Mountains close to the border with County Dublin. It can be found on a side trail off the main Wicklow Way. It is readily accessible via well-marked trails from Crone Wood carpark located south-west of Enniskerry.
 At 446 m above sea level the Barnacken is the highest hill in the Teutoburg Forest in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
 Gulafjorden is a fjord in Gulen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The historic Gulating assemblies in medieval Norway took place in this area. Today there are several salmon fish farms in the fjord. The 8-kilometre (5.0 mi) long fjord flows from the Sognesjøen strait to the east towards the mainland. The islands of Byrknesøyna Mjømna and Sandøyna lie along the southern side of the fjord. The island of Hiserøyna lies on the northern side of the fjord.
 Baily is the remnant of a lunar crater on the boundary between Mare Frigoris to the north and Lacus Mortis to the south. The crater interior has been flooded by lava in the past and only the northern half of the crater rim remains relatively intact. There is an outward bulge in the northeastern rim possibly the remnant of another crater formation that once overlapped Baily. The crater interior is flat and relatively featureless with no impacts of significance.
 The Fântânele River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Kreuzfelsen is a 999 m (3278 ft) high rock outcrop that forms the western cornerstone of the Kaitersberg mountain ridge in the Bavarian Forest in southern Germany. From the giant cross on its summit the view sweeps down into the Zeller Valley and over to the town of Bad Kötzting and also far over the western part of the Bavarian Forest.Below the Kreuzfelsen is Highwayman Heigl's Cave (Räuber-Heigl's-Höhle) the hideout of a 19th-century robber.
 Col du Mollendruz (el. 1180 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.It connects l'Isle and Les Charbonnières.
 Vassnebba or Grånebba is a mountain on the border of the municipalities of Sunndal and Surnadal in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It lies on the western border of the Trollheimen mountain range just southwest of the Todalsfjorden and the village of Todalsøra and southeast of the village of Ålvund. The mountain is easily accessed from both sides summer and winter.
 Woltersteich is a lake in Süsel Holsteinische Schweiz Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 0.36 km².
 Botn (also called Rissa-Botn) is an inland fjord in the municipality of Rissa in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It flows through a short small river into the Sundsbukta a small bay off of the Trondheimsfjord. The village of Årnset lies on the north shore of Botn.
 The Humacao River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Sirk'i (Aymara sirk'i wart hispanicized spelling Serkhe also named Tacaneri or Takañeri) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia about 5107 metres (16755 ft) high. It is situated in the Potosí Department Antonio Quijarro Province Tomave Municipality about 14 km north of the Nuevo Mundo volcano.
 Thompson Peak is a mountain (a high point on a tall granite ridge) in Trinity County California. It is the highest peak in the Trinity Alps Wilderness. It is the highest point in a ridge that also features Wedding Cake another well-known Trinity Alps peak. Thompson Peak is the highest Peak in the Trinity Alps Wilderness a vast assemblage of craggy granite mountains in northwestern California (Trinity Alps Wilderness is the second largest designated wilderness area in California).
 The Sierra San Luis range is a mountain range in northwest Chihuahua northeast Sonora Mexico at the northern region of the Sierra Madre Occidental cordillera. The region contains sky island mountain ranges called the Madrean Sky Islands some separated from the Sierra Madre Occidental proper and occurring in the northeastern Sonoran Desert and extreme west-northwestern Chihuahuan Desert. Many of the ranges occur in southeast Arizona.Most of Sierra San Luis is privately owned land.
 Kraaker Kiessee is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 32.4 m its surface area is 0.068 km².
 Somran is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Copland is a crater on Mercury.Copland crater is flooded with volcanic smooth plains material that could be related to the activity that formed the nearby bright vent.
 Brady Creek Reservoir is a reservoir on Brady Creek in McCulloch County Texas in the United States. The lake is just west of downtown Brady Texas. The dam and lake are managed by the City of Brady. The reservoir was officially impounded in 1963. The reservoir is also sometimes called Brady Reservoir or Brady Lake.
 The Agriș River (Hungarian: Egres-pataka) is a tributary of the Cormoș River in Romania.
 Mount Fumaiolo (Italian Monte Fumaiolo) is a mountain of the northern Apennines range of Italy located in the southern-most corner of the Emilia-Romagna region c. 70 km from the town of Cesena. It is at the border Emilia-Romagna and Tuscany.
 The Kakhovka Reservoir (Ukrainian: Каховське водосховище Kakhovs’ke vodoskhovyshche) is a water reservoir located on the Dnieper River. It covers a total surface area of 2155 square kilometres in the territories of the Kherson Zaporizhia and the Dnipropetrovsk Oblasts of Ukraine. The reservoir was created in 1956 when the Kakhovka Hydroelectric Power Plant was built.The reservoir is 240 km long up to 23 km wide and has an average depth of 8.4 meters (with depth varying from 3 to 26 m).
 Rito Alto Peak elevation 13803 ft (4207 m) is a summit in the Sangre de Cristo Range of south central Colorado. The peak is 11 mi (18 km) west of Westcliffe in the Rio Grande and San Isabel national forests.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Boranja (Serbian Cyrillic: Борања) is a mountain in western Serbia above the Drina river between towns of Krupanj and Mali Zvornik. Its highest peak Crni vrh has an elevation of 856 m (2808 ft) above sea level.
 The West Branch Pleasant River is a 7.5-mile-long (12.1 km) tributary of the Pleasant River in the U.S. state of Maine. It is part of the Androscoggin River watershed which flows to the tidal Kennebec River near its mouth at the Atlantic Ocean.The river rises at Haystack Notch in the unorganized territory of South Oxford within the White Mountain National Forest and flows northeast joining the East Branch at the South Oxford-Bethel town line to form the Pleasant River.
 The Buscat River is a tributary of the Telcișor River in Romania.
 Doublet Peak is the sixth (tied with Turret Peak) highest peak in Wyoming and the fifth highest in the Wind River Range. The summit is immediately south of Dinwoody Glacier and just west of Mount Warren.
 The Pesceana River or Peșteana River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 The Veseud River is a tributary of the Pârâul Nou in Romania.
 The Sobradinho Reservoir is a large reservoir located in Sobradinho north of the Brazilian state of Bahia. The reservoir measures approximately 320 km (200 mi) long 4214 km2 (1627 sq mi) in surface area and a storage capacity of 34.1 km3 (8.2 cu mi) at its nominal elevation of 392.5 m (1287.7 ft) making it the 12th-largest reservoir (artificial lake) in the world.
 The Flint River (Hanover Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.
 Buisson is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. Nearly attached to the southeast rim is the crater Vesalius. To the southwest is Einthoven. The rim of this crater is somewhat worn and is lowest in the north. There is a low central ridge across the midpoint.
 Lac de Madine is a lake at the border between Meurthe-et-Moselle and Meuse departments France. At an elevation of 240 m its surface area is 11 km².
 The Olvios (Greek: Όλβιος) is a river that flows in western Corinthia in the northern Peloponnese in Greece. The river empties into the Feneos plain once an area of swamps now containing farmlands. It is approximately 30 km long. The river begins on the Mavro Oros mountain south of Evrostina. It flows to the southwest between the Chelmos (Aroania) and Kyllini mountains. The river empties into the Feneos Fields northwest of the Oligyrtos mountains.
 Lord's Seat is a fell in the English Lake District. It is the highest of the group of hills north of Whinlatter Pass in the North Western Fells. The slopes of Lord's Seat are extensively forested.
 Saunder is a lunar crater located in the central highland region of the Moon to the east-northeast of the walled plain Hipparchus. The outer wall is irregular and broken in several locations forming the overall shape of a pentagon. The interior of Saunder has been flooded with lava forming a level surface just below the rim. The floor lacks a central peak but there are low rises in the southeast quadrant and a tiny craterlet towards the north rim.
 The Daintree River runs through the Daintree Rainforest in the Cape Tribulation region of Queensland in northern Australia. It is located about 100 kilometres northwest of Cairns in far north tropical Queensland and drains an area of 2125 square kilometres. The river along with the Daintree Rainforest encircled by it was given Wet Tropics Word Heritage Listing in 1988. The area is now primarily a tourist attraction.
 Mount Vaught (8850 feet (2697 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Mount Vaught is just over 2 miles (3.2 km) SSW of Heavens Peak.
 The Klehini River is a large glacially fed stream in the vicinity of Haines in the U.S. state of Alaska.The Klehini River is about 42 miles (68 km) long from its source in British Columbia to its mouth at the Chilkat River of which it is the largest tributary.
 Juodupė is a river of Biržai district municipality Panevėžys County northern Lithuania. It flows for 24.2 kilometres and has a basin area of 68.5 km².
 Mbutha River (Buca River) is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Suia-Miçu River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The River Avon /ˈeɪvən/ is an English river in the south west of the country. To distinguish it from a number of other Rivers Avon in Britain this river is often also known as the Lower Avon or Bristol Avon. The name Avon is a cognate of the Welsh word afon river.The Avon rises just north of the village of Acton Turville in South Gloucestershire before flowing through Wiltshire.
 The Putina River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 Krempau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Rosengarten (Italian: Catinaccio Ladin: Ciadenac Ciadenáze) is a massif in the Dolomites of northern Italy. It is located between the Tierser Tal and Eggental in South Tyrol and the Fascia Valley in Trentino.One peculiarity of the Rosengarten is the pink shade which due to the presence of dolomite mineral it takes in the sunset celebrated in the Bozner Bergsteigerlied as glowing.
 Tangra Yumco （Tibetan: དྭངས་རྭ་གཡུ་མཚོ Wylie: dwangs rwa g.yu mtsho，Chinese: 当惹雍错） is a lake in Tibet it is in the southwest of Nyima County.Tangra Yumco is 835.8 km 2 with a drainage area of 8219.7 km 2 an elevation of 4528 m length 71.7 km and mean width 11.65 km (max 19.4 m). It is the holy lake of theBön believers.
 The Sulphur Springs Valley is a major valley in the eastern half of Cochise County Arizona. The valley covers an approximated vertical rectangle west of the Chiricahua Mountains–Dos Cabezas Mountains complex; the Chiricahua's have a valley to the northeast San Simon Valley and to the southeast the San Bernardino Valley. The Sulphur Springs Valley is the large flatland to the west.
 Turó de la Creu de Gurb is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 841 metres above sea level.
 The largest great pond in Maine named Great Pond is located in Kennebec County and is part of the Kennebec River watershed. There are several other smaller ponds named Great Pond in Maine and New England. Great Pond is among the largest waterbodies in the world named pond.[citation needed]Great Pond receives water from several sources. Salmon Lake flows into the east side of Great Pond via a short channel near the village of North Belgrade.
 Cuchilla Grande is a hill range that crosses the west part of Uruguay from north to south. It extends from the south part of Cerro Largo Department through the departments of Treinta y Tres and Lavalleja and ends in Maldonado Department where it forms its highest peaks.
 Mount Burman is a rounded mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 29 km (18 mi) southeast of Gold River south of Golden Hinde and west of Schjelderup Lake.
 The Radlefshorn is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking Gadmen in the canton of Bern. On its southern side it overlooks the Trift Glacier and the lake of Trift.
 Klosterdeichwetter (Pinnau) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Lago di Mezzola is a small (5.9 km²) lake in the Italian region of Lombardy. It lies between the Pian di Spagna to the south which divides it from Lake Como and is an ecologically important wetland habitat and the Piano di Chiavenna to the north which leads up to Chiavenna. Both are crossed by the river Mera which is Lago di Mezzola’s most important inflow as well as its sole outflow and which connects it to Lake Como.
 Boston Glacier is located in a large cirque below several mountain peaks in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is approximately 1 mi (1.6 km) long but nearly 3.5 mi (5.6 km) wide and is the largest glacier in North Cascades National Park. Extending in an arc from the north of Forbidden Peak the glacier is also flanked by Boston Peak to the southwest and Buckner Mountain at its eastern margin.
 Tioga Pass (el. 9943 ft. / 3031 m.) is a mountain pass in the Sierra Nevada mountains of California. State Route 120 runs through it and serves as the eastern entry point for Yosemite National Park at the Tioga Pass Entrance Station. It is the highest highway pass in California and in the Sierra Nevada. Mount Dana is to the east of the pass.
 The Mușetoaia River or Mușet River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 The Bălmuș River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
 Pambamarca (alternate Pimbamarca) is an eroded stratovolcano in the Central Cordillera of the northern Ecuadorian Andes in the northeast of the Pichincha province of Ecuador. Continuously snow-covered it is 25 miles (40 km) northeast of Quito.
 The Pasión River (Spanish: Río de la Pasión) is a river located in the northern lowlands region of Guatemala. The river is fed by a number of upstream tributaries whose sources lie in the hills of Alta Verapaz. These flow in a general northerly direction to form the Pasión which then tends westwards to meet up with the Salinas River at 16°28′52″N 90°32′39″W. At this confluence the greater Usumacinta River is formed which runs northward to its eventual outlet in the Gulf of Mexico.
 Lägh da Cavloc (Italian: Lago di Cavloccio) is a lake near Maloja Pass in the Val Forno Grisons Switzerland.Lago di Cavloccio was painted by Giovanni Giacometti in 1922.
 Cairn Water is a small river in Dumfries and Galloway Scotland. The river formed by the confluence of the Castlefern Craigdarroch and Dalquhat flows for 11.5 miles (18.5 km) southeast to the Cluden.The Castlefairn is joined by the Craigdarroch and then by the Dalwhat both from its left just below the village of Moniaive in the parish of Glencairn. The confluence of these streams forms the Cairn Water. The parish is named for the river valley.
 Annandale Water is a loch in Annandale Dumfries and Galloway in the south west of Scotland. It is part of Annandale Water service station at Junction 16 of the A74(M) close to Johnstonebridge Dinwoodie and Newton Wamphray and halfway between Moffat and Lockerbie.Before the opening of the Motorway service station the old A74 road was adjacent to the loch and farmland.
 The Estiva River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 Peñalara is the highest mountain peak in the mountain range of Guadarrama a subsection of Spain's larger Sistema Central mountain chain which lies at the center and divides the Iberian Peninsula. Straddling the provinces of Madrid and Segovia Peñalara reaches a height of 2428 metres above sea level.
 Santa María Rupes is an escarpment on Mercury at 5.5°N 19.7°W. It is named after Santa María a ship used by Christopher Columbus.The term rupes is the Latin word for cliff. And the name Santa María Rupes are named after the Santa Maria the ship of Christopher Columbus because all rupes are named after the ships of famous explorers on Mercury.
 Radegast is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Shubenacadie River is a river in Nova Scotia Canada. It has a meander length of approximately 72 km from its source at Shubenacadie Grand Lake to its mouth at the historic seaport village of Maitland on Cobequid Bay site of the building of the William D. Lawrence the largest wooden ship ever built in Canada. In 2009 the I Backpack Canada blog named the Shubenacadie one of the top five whitewater rivers in Canada.
 The Aiguille du Jardin (4035 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in Haute-Savoie France.
 South Lake (Chinese: 南湖; pinyin: Nán Hú) is a scenic lake located in the South of Jiaxing City China and covers an area of 0.54 km². It is also known as Mandarin Duck Lake due to the lake's shape and is a frequent destination of tourists and sightseers. Alongside the lake are the ruins of the Misty Rain Tower which was built in the 10th century.
 The Grampian Hills are a mountain range in Klamath County Oregon.
 Coriolis is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. The crater floor is bisected by the lunar equator and it lies about three crater diameters northwest of the crater Daedalus.The rim of this formation is somewhat eroded and several small craters lie along the edge. The northern rim is somewhat damaged and has a slight outward bulge and depression in the side. The interior floor has small craters along the eastern and southern inner walls.
 Ebbetts Pass named after John Ebbetts (el. 8736 ft or 2663 m) is a high mountain pass through the Sierra Nevada range in Alpine County California. Ebbetts is the eastern of two passes in the area traversed by State Route 4. The western pass is the Pacific Grade Summit (el 8050 ft or 2450 m). The pass is registered as a California Historical Landmark. The Pacific Crest Trail a 2650-mile (4260 km) long National Scenic Trail crosses State Route 4 at Ebbetts Pass.
 Lake Maude is an oval-shaped lake on the north side of Winter Haven Florida. It has a surface area of 54.83-acre (221900 m2). On its north and west sides Lake Maude is bordered by residential areas. On its entire east side is Lake Maude Nature Park and on the south Lake Maude is bordered by Avenue O Northeast.Lake Maude allows for much public access. A public boat ramp is on the south shore just off Avenue O Northeast.
 The Buda River is a tributary of the Borşa river in Romania.
 Socompa is a large complex stratovolcano at the border of Argentina and Chile. It is best known for its large debris avalanche deposit which is widely accepted as the best-preserved example of this type of deposit in the world and also notable as the home of the world's most elevated known microbial ecosystems.The western rim of the volcano borders the Monturaqui Basin which is draped with the aforementioned deposit.
 Rainy Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County Ontario Canada.The lake is about 1.6 kilometres (1.0 mi) long and 0.4 kilometres (0.2 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 325 metres (1066 ft) about 16 kilometres (10 mi) east of the community of Gunter and 14 kilometres (9 mi) northwest of the community of Cloyne. The primary inflow at the west is Rainy Creek.
 Lac Vert is a small lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 2009 metres (6591 ft) its surface area is 1.4 hectares (3.5 acres).
 The Shoepac River is a 1.1-mile-long (1.8 km) channel connecting Shoepac Lake and South Manistique Lake on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is part of the Manistique River watershed flowing to Lake Michigan.
 Three Rivers Peak el. 9764 feet (2976 m) is a mountain peak in the southern section of the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park.
 Pilmaiquén River is a river of Chile that makes up part of the border between Los Lagos Region and Los Ríos Region. Its source is Puyehue Lake and flows northwesterly for about 68 km until discharging into Bueno River.Located near the origin of the river is the town of Entre Lagos and Pilmaiquén Hydroelectric Plant.
 The Xie River (Portuguese: Xié) is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Mount Hancock el. 10223 feet (3116 m) is an isolated mountain peak on Big Game Ridge in Yellowstone National Park. Captain John W. Barlow named the peak in honor of General Winfield Scott Hancock during the Barlow-Heap Exploration of Yellowstone in 1871. General Hancock is noted for issuing the orders that established the military escort led by Lt.
 Lake Kuwakatai is a small dune lake located on the south head of Kaipara Harbour in New Zealand. It is located 0.5 kilometres (0.31 mi) south of the larger Lake Ototoa It has a surface area of 0.36 square kilometres (89 acres)
 Kaltenbach (Weiße Elster) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Homer is a crater on Mercury.Deposits of material in and around this crater suggest the possibility of explosive volcanic eruptions at some point in the planet's history.The naming of a Moon crater Homer at 24.3S 133.6E was not approved by the IAU.
 Arennest is a mountain of Hesse Germany. It is located nearby Biedenkopf and is covered with forest.
 Yellow Belly Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Valley in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 15 miles (24 km) south of Stanley and 34 miles (55 km) northwest of Ketchum. Yellow Belly Lake can be accessed from State Highway 75 via Sawtooth National Forest road 205 and 096.
 The Santa Catalina Mountains commonly referred to as the Catalina Mountains or the Catalinas are located north and northeast of Tucson Arizona United States on Tucson's north perimeter. The mountain range is the most prominent in the Tucson area with the highest average elevation. The highest point in the Catalinas is Mount Lemmon at an elevation of 9157 feet above sea level and receives 180 inches of snow annually.
 The River Teme (Welsh Afon Tefeidiad) rises in Mid Wales south of Newtown in Powys and flows through Knighton where it crosses the border into England down to Ludlow in Shropshire then to the north of Tenbury Wells on the Shropshire/Worcestershire border there on its way to join the River Severn south of Worcester.
 Verlorenes Wasser is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Estero Catemu is a river of Chile.
 The Valea Stupului River is a tributary of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 The Valea Paltinului River is a tributary of the Colbu River in Romania.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Ciclova River in Romania.
 The Pacu River (Amajari River) is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Gąsawka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Noteć.
 Tixall Wide also known as Tixall Broad or The Broad Water is a body of water that forms part of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal near Tixall in Staffordshire England to the south of the former Tixall Hall. The hall was at that time owned by Thomas Clifford the fourth son of Hugh Clifford 3rd Baron Clifford of Chudleigh and the grounds had been designed on the advice of the landscape architect Lancelot Capability Brown.
 The Wah Wah Mountains are a north-south trending range in west-central Utah part of the larger Basin and Range Province. It is bounded by Pine Valley to the west Wah Wah Valley to the east the Escalante Desert to the south and on trend with the Confusion Range to the north. The Wah Wah Mountains are located in Beaver and Millard counties. State Route 21 bisects the range crossing over Wah Wah Summit at about 6500 feet (1980 m) above sea level.
 Trout Creek is a small tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is about 11 miles (18 km) long and is located about 27 miles (43 km) northwest of the town of Eagle. In winter a small cabin at the creek's mouth is a hospitality stop for the Yukon Quest sled dog race.
 The Valea Sărătă River is a tributary of the Gârcinul Mic River in Romania.
 Dyson is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon past the northwest limb. It is located in the northern part of the surface to the northwest of the crater Coulomb and east of van't Hoff.The most unusual aspect of this crater is the asymmetry of the inner wall. To the northeast the rim is low and the inner wall is quite narrow almost non-existent. This portion of the rim overlies the interior of an unnamed depression in the surface; most likely a damaged crater.
 The Silvestru River is a tributary of the Băncușorul River in Romania.
 Pico do Monte Negro is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul at 1398 metres (4587 ft).It is located in the canyon of same name more precisely at the city of São José dos Ausentes. The peak is considered easy to reach. By car it is possible to reach the base of the mountain with the rest of the way being travelled by foot.All the mountain and its surroundings are covered by a dense Araucaria forest.
 Ahornbüchsenkopf is a mountain in Bavaria Germany.
 Lago di Ghirla is a lake at Valganna in the Province of Varese Lombardy Italy.Basically it is a lake in Italy. In some pictures there is snow on the lake so obviously it is somewhere where it is cold sometimes.
 Cayuga Lake (/keɪˈjuːɡə/ or /kaɪˈjuːɡə/) is the longest of central New York's glacial Finger Lakes and is the second largest in surface area (marginally smaller than Seneca Lake) and second largest in volume. It is just under 40 miles (64 km) long. Its average width is 1.7 miles (2.7 km) and it is 3.5 mi wide (5.6 km) at its widest point near Aurora. It is approximately 435 ft deep (133 m) at its deepest point.
 Lake Manly is a pluvial former freshwater endorheic rift lake that filled the Death Valley basin of Inyo County California through the Holocene before the area's climate changed to desert. Following its isolation from the Colorado River system Lake Manly receded by evaporation with Badwater Basin Middle Basin and Cotton Ball Marsh occupying the space left behind. At its greatest extent Lake Manly was roughly 80 mi (130 km) long and 600 ft (180 m) deep.
 Jianglangshan or Mount Jianglang (Chinese: 江郎山; pinyin: Jiāngláng Shān) is a famous mountain in Jiangshan county Zhejiang China. Three peaks from north to south make its recognizable river-shaped arrangement as follows: Lang Feng Ya Feng and Ling Feng.
 Alton Water (or Alton Reservoir) is a manmade reservoir. It is the largest in Suffolk with a perimeter of over 8 miles (13 km).
 The Râiosu River is a tributary of the Buda River in Romania.
 The Manyame River also known as Panhame and formerly as Hunyani is a river located in Zimbabwe and Mozambique and a tributary of the Zambezi River.
 The Cañada del Oro (Spanish for Canyon of Gold) is a primary watershed channel in the valley of Tucson Arizona USA.
 The Plattkofel (Ladin: Sasplat; Italian: Sasso Piatto; German: Plattkofel) is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 Lake Roxburgh is an artificial lake created by the Roxburgh Dam the earliest of the large hydroelectric projects in the southern South Island of New Zealand. It lies on the Clutha River some 160 kilometres from Dunedin. It covers an area of some 6 km² and extends for nearly 30 kilometres towards the town of Alexandra. The town of Roxburgh lies five kilometres south of the Dam.
 The Mormântul River is a tributary of the Curmătura cu Tină River in Romania.
 Sutton Bingham Reservoir is a reservoir near the village of Sutton Bingham in the civil parish of Closworth Somerset England.The reservoir was built in the 1950s to supply water to Yeovil. The remains of Sutton Mill are under the water and close to the shore is the 12th century Church of All Saints.It now provides an environment for overwintering wildfowl and migrant birds including the Osprey.
 Chasia (Greek: Χάσια) is a forested mountain range in the northern Trikala (Thessaly) and the southern Grevena (Western Macedonia) regional units northern Greece. It is an eastern extension of the Pindus mountain range. The elevation of its highest peak Kratsovo is 1564 m (5131 ft). It stretches from the village Korydallos in the west to Kerasoula in the east over a length of about 35 km (22 mi).
 The Selkirk Mountains are a mountain range spanning the northern portion of the Idaho Panhandle eastern Washington and southeastern British Columbia. They begin at Mica Peak near Coeur d'Alene Idaho and extend approximately 320 km north (200 miles) from the border to Kinbasket Lake at the now-inundated location of the onetime fur company post Boat Encampment.
 Nolin River Lake is a reservoir in Edmonson Grayson and Hart counties in Kentucky. It was impounded from the Nolin River by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in 1963. The Nolin River dam was authorized in 1938 as part of a flood control act. The lake varies from 2890 acres (11.7 km²) in the winter to 5795 acres (23.5 km²) in the summer.Nearby attractions include Mammoth Cave National Park Nolin Lake State Park Moutardier Resort and Marina Ponderosa Boat Dock/Marina and Wax Marina.
 Svartnuten is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Morgartenberg (1244 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located west of Rothenthurm in the canton of Schwyz and overlooking Lake Ägeri on its west side. The border with the canton of Zug runs west of the mountains.
 The Kronberg is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps located west of Appenzell in the Swiss canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden. Its 1663 metre high summit can be accessed by cable car.
 Abita Lake is a lake in West Cook Minnesota which at an elevation of 2040.19 feet (621.85 m) above sea level is Minnesota's ninth highest named lake. Prior to modern surveys the lake was once believed to be Minnesota's highest elevation lake.
 San Pedro Lake is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. It is situated in the southwest part of the Reserva Forestall Itenez at an elevation of 207 m its surface area is 21.9 km².[citation needed]
 Birkigsbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Portsmouth Mine Pit Lake sometimes called the Portsmouth Pit is the deepest lake completely within the state of Minnesota. It has a depth of over 450 feet (137 m) according to the most recent Minnesota DNR data. Lake Superior over 700 feet deep off the north shore of the state is technically deeper.
 The Guaporé River (Rio Grande do Sul) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Clover Creek (previously East Fork Bruneau River) is a 55-mile (89 km) long tributary of the Bruneau River in the U.S. state of Idaho. Beginning at an elevation of 5229 feet (1594 m) in southeastern Owyhee County it flows generally northwest through East Fork Bruneau Canyon to its mouth in the Bruneau – Jarbidge Rivers Wilderness at an elevation of 3218 feet (980.8 m).
 Lake Rotoiti is a lake in the Tasman Region of New Zealand. It is a substantial mountain lake within the borders of Nelson Lakes National Park. The lake is fed by the Travers River water from the lake flows into the Buller River. The lake is surrounded by Beech forest and is 82 metres deep. Saint Arnaud is a small community at the northern end of the lake.Tramping tracks circle the lake including the Lakehead track on the east side and the Lakeside track on the west side.
 Lake Cuitzeo is a lake in central part of Mexico in the Michoacán State. It is located at around 19°56′0″N 101°5′0″W. It has an area of 300–400 km². The lake is astatic and the volume and level of water in the lake fluctuates frequently. It is the second largest freshwater lake in Mexico.Lake Cuitzeo lies in an endorheic basin which does not drain to the sea. The basin has an area of 4026 square kilometers lying mostly in Michoacán with the northern part of the basin in Guanajuato state.
 Kampen (Berg) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Barania Góra (Polish for Ram Mountain) is a mountain in southern Poland. At a height of 1220 metres (4003 feet) it is the second highest mountain in the Silesian Beskids and the highest in the Polish part of Upper Silesia. It is a popular tourist destination with many spectacular views of the neighboring terrain and lowlands.The sources of the Vistula the longest Polish river are located on the western slope of the mountain.
 Zigerbergkopf is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 2051 metres (6729 ft).
 Pepermölenbek is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in St. Louis County Minnesota near Gowan Minnesota United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 1325 feet (404 m).
 Gibraltar Hill is a hill near Bungendore New South Wales Australia.
 Simojärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland located in Ranua in the region of Lapland. It belongs to Simojoki main catchment area.
 The Corni River is a tributary of the Zahorna River in Romania.
 Huntington Creek is a tributary of the San Rafael River in Utah. It rises on the Wasatch Plateau in the Manti-La Sal National Forest and flows down to the floor of Castle Valley in Emery County. Electric Lake created in 1974 regulates its flow to supply water to the Huntington Power Plant at the bottom of the canyon. The creek is an important fishery.
 Mühlenbarbeker Au is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Trüfte is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Hohenstoffeln is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Montes Carpatus is a mountain range that forms the southern edge of the Mare Imbrium on the Moon. The selenographic coordinates of this range are 14.5° N 24.4° W and the formation has an overall diameter of 361 km (224 mi). They were named after the Carpathian Mountains in Central Europe.This rugged range generally stretches from west to east. The western end begins in the vicinity of the crater T. Mayer although a few low ridges curve northwards towards Euler crater.
 Montreal Lake is a lake of Saskatchewan Canada and the source of the Montreal River. It is located between Saskatchewan Highway 2 on the west side and Highway 969 on the east side. Prince Albert National Park is across Saskatchewan Highway 2 and Clarence-Steepbank Lakes Provincial Park is across Saskatchewan Highway 969 from the lake.
 Ironstone Mountain is in the Central Highlands of Tasmania not far from the escarpment of the Great Western Tiers south of the small country village of Mole Creek.At 1443 metres it is the highest part of the Great Western Tiers and has a nearby companion lake Lake Ironstone. The highest point is marked with a trig point but more dominant is the slightly lower part of the mountain depicted here in the information box.
 Crête des Gittes is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Beaufortain Massif range. It has an elevation of 2538 metres above sea level.
 Meili Xue Shan (Chinese translation: Mainri snowy range) or Mainri Snow Mountains (Tibetan: སྨན་རི།) are a mountain range in the Chinese province of Yunnan. They lie close to the northwestern boundary of the province and are bounded by the Salween River on the west and the Mekong on the east.
 The Valea Voinii is a tributary of the Strei river in Romania.
 The Plattspitzen is a 2680 metre high mountain in the Wetterstein Mountains on the border between Germany and Austria. It is a very striking mountain and the southern companion of the Germany's highest peak the Zugspitze located at the opposite end of the ledge known as the Plattumrahmung. The mountain has three summits: the eastern summit known as the Gatterlspitz (2680 m) the middle summit (Mittelgipfel 2674 m) and the western summit (Westgipfel 2676 m).
 The Arseneasca River or Arseneasa River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 Sarapu (hispanicized spelling Sarapo) is a mountain in the Waywash mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 6127 metres (20102 ft) high. It is located in the Huánuco Region Lauricocha Province Jesús District as well as in the Lima Region Cajatambo Province in the districts Cajatambo and Copa. Sapapu lies south of the Yerupaja and the Siula Grande and east of the lake Sarapuqucha.
 Stoner Lake is a 72-acre (29 ha) lake that is located in Alger County Michigan with a small portion in Delta county in the Hiawatha National Forest. Other nearby lakes include Lake Stella Round Lake West Branch Lake Hugaboom Lake Blue Lake Ironjaw Lake Ostrander Lake Corner-Straits Chain and Toms Lake.
 Skarvanfjellet is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 White Clay Creek is an 18.5-mile-long (29.8 km) tributary of the Christina River in southern Pennsylvania and northern Delaware in the United States. It is renowned for its scenic character and is largely federally protected.The 107-square-mile (280 km2) White Clay Creek watershed is home to nearly 100000 people and includes parts of Chester County Pennsylvania and New Castle County Delaware.
 The Crișoaia River is a tributary of the Vața River in Romania.
 Béznar Reservoir is a reservoir in the province of Granada Andalusia Spain.
 The Kukpuk River is a stream about 125 miles (201 km) long in the western North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. It flows generally west from the De Long Mountains across the Lisburne Peninsula to Marryat Inlet on the Chukchi Sea. The river mouth is about 12 miles (19 km) northeast of Point Hope.The Inuit name Kukpak means big river. A late 19th-century variant was Kookpuk.
 Mount Zuqualla (also spelled Zuquala or Chukala) is an extinct volcano in the Oromia region of Ethiopia. Situated in Ada'a Chukala woreda of the Misraq (East) Shewa Zone it rises from the plain 30 kilometres (19 mi) south of Debre Zeyit. With a height of 2989 metres (9806 ft) it is known for its crater lake lake Dembel an elliptical crater lake with a maximum diameter of about one kilometer but the trail around the crater is about 6 kilometers long.
 The Kichuy (Russian: Кичуй) or Kiçü (Tatar Cyrillic: Кичү Latin: Kiçü; [kiˈɕy]) is a river in Tatarstan Russian Federation a right-bank tributary of the Sheshma River. Its length is 114 km and its drainage basin is 1330 km². Major tributaries are Butinka Batraska Chupayka Yamashka Tetvelka. The maximal mineralization 400-71000 mg/l. Average sediment in mouth per year is 127 mm. Drainage is regulated.
 The Harcuvar Mountains are a narrow mountain range in western-central Arizona USA.
 The Pardo River (Rio Grande do Sul) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Revenant Mountain named in 1963. It is located in the Palliser Range in Alberta.
 The Rems is a right tributary of the Neckar in eastern Baden-Württemberg. It is 78 km long. Its source is in Essingen near Aalen. It flows generally west through the towns Böbingen an der Rems Schwäbisch Gmünd Lorch (Württemberg) Plüderhausen Schorndorf Remshalden and Waiblingen. At Remseck the Rems flows into the Neckar.
 Pettit Crater is a crater in the Amazonis quadrangle of Mars located at 12.39° north latitude and 173.87° west longitude. It is 92.49 km in diameter and was named after Edison Pettit an American astronomer (1890–1962).
 The Pâscov River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Feldkahl is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Stanley River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. An upper tributary of the Waiau River it rises on the southern flanks of the St James Range and flows southwest to reach the Waiau 17 kilometres east of the Lewis Pass. Lake Guyon drains to the Stanley River via a swampy tributary named Stanley Vale. In its lower reaches the river passes through a gorge known as Stanley Gate.The Fowler Pass Track follows the river for much of its length.
 Ralston Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe within the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County California. Ralston Peak is a very popular mountain to summit for the views of the wilderness area as it lies very near U.S. Route 50. The easiest trailhead to the summit can be found in Camp Sacramento a few miles west of Echo Summit.
 Guru Shikhar a peak in the Arbuda Mountains of Rajasthan is the highest point of the Aravalli Range. It rises to an altitude of 5676 feet (1722 meters). It is 15 km from Mount Abu and a road from there leads almost to the top of the mountain. A cave at the summit contains a temple of Dattatreya an incarnation of Lord Vishnu.Adjacent to the temple is the Mt Abu Observatory operated by the Physical Research Laboratory.
 Tarauacá River is a river of Amazonas and Acre states in western Brazil. The Rio Tarauacá is a tributary of the Rio Juruá which itself flows into the Amazon. The headwaters of the Tarauacá are located near the Brazilian frontier with Peru. The Brazilian city of Tarauacá lies along the banks of the Rio Tarauacá. This city is located within the larger Municipality of Tarauacá.
 Hoodoo Butte is a cinder cone butte in the Cascade Range of northern Oregon located near Santiam Pass just west of the Cascade Crest. A ski area also named Hoodoo is located on the northwest through northeast flanks of the cone and the summit area includes the top stations of two chairlifts along with several radio antennas. Immediately to the east lies Hayrick Butte a prime example of a tuya.
 Lake St Clair is a lake in the Central Highlands area of Tasmania Australia. It forms part of the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park. It has an area of approx 45 km2 (17 sq mi) and a maximum depth of 200 m making it Australia's deepest lake.The Tasmanian Government has moved to allow development in national parks and conservations areas. An 'In principle' permit has been granted for the establishment of an 'eco-friendly' resort at Pumphouse Point at Lake St Clair.
 Nufenen Pass (Italian: Passo della Novena German: Nufenenpass) (el. 2478 m.) is the second highest mountain pass with a paved road within Switzerland - after Umbrailpass. It lies between the summits of Pizzo Gallina (north) and the Nufenestock (south).The pass road from Ulrichen in canton of Valais leads to the Bedretto valley in the canton of Ticino linking Brig to Airolo.
 Tungurahua (/tʊŋɡʊˈrɑːwə/; from Quichua tunguri (throat) rahua (fire): Throat of Fire or from Panzaleo) is an active stratovolcano located in the Cordillera Oriental of Ecuador. The volcano gives its name to the province of Tungurahua. Volcanic activity restarted on August 19 1999 and is ongoing as of 2013 with several major eruptions since that period the last starting on 1 February 2014.
 Quéant Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1918 after Quéant a village in France.
 Forthbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Isesjøen is a lake in the municipality of Sarpsborg in Østfold county Norway.
 The Seven Sisters (Irish: Na Seacht Deirfiúracha) is a mountain chain in northwest County Donegal Ireland. It is part of a larger mountain range called the Derryveagh Mountains. The Seven Sisters from southwest to northeast are as follows:Errigal (751 m)Mackoght aka Wee Errigal (555 m)Aghla More (584 m)Ardloughnabrackbaddy (603 m)Aghla Beg (564 m)Crocknalaragagh (471 m)Muckish (666 m)
 Allen Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York.
 The River Dove is a river in North Yorkshire England. It rises on the North York Moors and flows south to join the River Rye itself a tributary of the River Derwent. The upper valley of the river is known as Farndale. The name is of Brittonic Celtic origin meaning dark river.
 Lake Pleasant is a lake located in the Adirondack Park in New York in the USA. The lake is in the town of Lake Pleasant in Hamilton County. The lake is about four miles long and about one mile wide with its length oriented in an approximate northeast to southwest direction with the widest part being at the northeast end. The village of Speculator is at its northern tip and the hamlet of Lake Pleasant the county seat is by the western end.
 The Glasebach (Bauerngraben) is a stream of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.It rises near Dietersdorf east of the source region of the Nasse and south of the source region of the Schöneberger Wipper a headstream of the Wipper. The Glasebach flows through the Borntal valley and has a tributary near Agnesdorf. Finally it flows through the Bauerngraben where it seeps into the gypsum in the southern part of the lake basin.
 Øyangen is a lake in the municipality of Ringerike in Buskerud county Norway.
 Fajardo River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Mount Baigura Baïgura Baygoura or Baighoura (el. 897 m./2943 ft.) is a mountain of the inner French Basque Country. Transmitters are set up near its summit.The leisure center (base de loisir) at Baigura on the road from Hélette to Louhossoa (in the commune of Mendionde) organizes paragliding activity on the northern slope of the mountain.
 Lago Carite is a lake located in the municipality of Guayama on the island of Puerto Rico. The lake was created in 1913 and serves as a reservoir for irrigation and potable water. The lake receives flow from the La Plata River and can be used for fishing and recreation.The name of the lake comes from the area where it is located.
 Shispare is one of the high peaks of the Batura Muztagh which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range. Alternate forms of the name of this peak are Shispare Sar and Shisparé Sar.
 Mönkh Saridag (also spelled as Munku-Sardyk; Mongolian: Мөнх сарьдаг lit. eternal aiguille) is the highest mountain in the Sayan Mountains of Asia. It is 3491 metres (11453 ft) tall and is on the international border between Mongolia and Russia. It is also the highest mountain in Buryatia and the highest mountain in Mongolia's Khövsgöl Province. On the southern side the tree line is at 2000 meters on the northern side at 2200 meters.
 Simpelius is an impact crater that lies in the southern part of the Moon. It lies to the north-northwest of the somewhat larger crater Schomberger and east-southeast of the prominent Moretus.The most distinctive aspect of this crater is the asymmetry of the inner wall with the side being nearly twice as wide at the southern end as it is to the north. As a result the level interior floor is offset to the north of the crater interior.
 The Valea Grohotișului River is a tributary of the Bobu River in Romania.
 The Piaxtla River is a river of Mexico.
 Iron Crag is a mountain in the English Lake District standing between Crag Fell and Caw Fell. The name of the fell is the source of some confusion as the summit is unnamed on Ordnance Survey maps. Iron Crag apparently refers to the rocky outcrop below the summit while the lower slopes are referred to as Ennerdale Fell. The Western aspect of the lower slopes facing Ennerdale Water are known as The Side.
 The Trossachs (About this sound listen ; Scottish Gaelic Na Trosaichean) is a small woodland glen in the Stirling council area of Scotland. It lies between Ben A'an to the north and Ben Venue to the south with Loch Katrine to the west and Loch Achray to the east. However the name is used generally to refer to the wider area of wooded glens and braes with quiet lochs lying to the east of Ben Lomond.
 Mount Tomamu (トマム山 Tomamu-san) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. It is the site of the Alpha Resort Tomamu a ski resort.
 The Snake River is a small river in Bristol County Massachusetts. It flows 4.0 miles (6.4 km) from Winnecunnet Pond to Lake Sabbatia in the northern part of Taunton Massachusetts.It is part of the Mill River-Taunton River-Narragansett Bay watersheds. The Snake River is part of the Canoe River Aquifer Area of Critical Environmental Concern (Massachusetts) (ACEC).
 Mount Davis (3213 ft or 979 m) is the highest point in Pennsylvania.
 Høgevarde or Høgevard is a mountain in Norefjell Buskerud Norway known for its vast view (estimated 40000 km²) over eastern Norway. At the top there is an iron plate giving names and directions to mountains along the horizon.About 100 meters below the peak is the Høgevard-Cabin a self-service Cabin kept by the DNT (Den Norske Turistforenin).
 For the Vaitarna river mentioned in Hinduism and Garuda Purana visit Vaitarna riverVaitarana is a river north of the city of Mumbai India. It is near the border with Gujarat state. Vaitarna supplies Mumbai's drinking water. It is serviced by a shuttle train service from Virar. The houses are still kuchcha. Primary occupation of people here is farming and removing sand from river & creek. Fishing is also an occupation.
 Melville Sound is an Arctic waterway in the Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada.It is located south of the Kent Peninsula and north of the main part of the Nunavut mainland. To the west it opens into the Bathurst Inlet.
 Bolshaya Martayka (Russian: Большая Мартайка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Vels River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 18 km. Its source is located near the border with Sverdlovsk Oblast. Flows through Vishersky Nature Reserve.
 The Fish River (Visrivier in Afrikaans Fischfluss in German) is a river in Namibia. It is 650 km long flowing from Hardap Dam near Mariental. The flow of the river is seasonal; in winter the river can dry up completely. Despite this the river is the site of the spectacular Fish River Canyon a canyon 160 km long and at points as much as 550 m deep.The outflow of the Fish River joins the Orange River at the border with South Africa about 100 km from the Atlantic Ocean.
 Rhedaer Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Carnero Lake is a high elevation shallow lake in Apache County Arizona. It has a brief and colorful history The lake can grow some big fish. Built in 1979 the lake quickly became popular with anglers to the dismay of downstream water users. Because of the dispute the Arizona Game and Fish discontinued stocking for many years. In 1999 the Arizona Game and Fish has acquired a major share of the water rights setting the stage for a new and vigorous trout fishery.
 Lake Como (Lago di Como in Italian also known as Lario after the Latin name of the lake; Lach de Comm in Insubric; Latin: Larius Lacus) is a lake of glacial origin in Lombardy Italy. It has an area of 146 square kilometres (56 sq mi) making it the third largest lake in Italy after Lake Garda and Lake Maggiore.
 The Romanche is a 78 km long mountain river in southeastern France right tributary of the Drac (itself a tributary of the Isère). Its source is in the northern part of the Massif des Écrins Dauphiné Alps. It flows into the Drac in Champ-sur-Drac south of Grenoble. The road from Grenoble to Briançon over the Col du Lautaret runs through the Romanche valley.
 The Valea Cheii River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Jazzihorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. On the Italian side it is named Pizzo Cingino Nord as another summit is named Pizzo Cingino Sud on the south. The Jazzihorn has an elevation of 3227 metres above sea level and lies between the valleys of Saastal (Valais) and Valle d'Antrona (Piedmont).
 Newfound Lake is a large scenic lake located in Grafton County New Hampshire United States. It is situated in the Lakes Region of New Hampshire in the towns of Alexandria Bridgewater Bristol and Hebron. Its area of 4451 acres (1801 ha) places it behind only Lake Winnipesaukee and Squam Lake among lakes located entirely within New Hampshire and fourth in the state overall when Umbagog Lake on the Maine border is included.
 The San Mateo Mountains are a mountain range in Socorro County in west-central New Mexico in the southwestern United States. The highest point in the range is West Blue Mountain at 10336 ft (3151 m). The range runs roughly north-south and is about 40 miles (64 km) long. It lies about 25 miles (40 km) north-northwest of the town of Truth or Consequences and about 30 miles (48 km) southwest of Socorro.
 Lake Chala is a crater lake in a caldera on the borders of Tanzania and Kenya on the eastern edge of Mount Kilimanjaro not far from the town of Moshi and 8 km north of Taveta. Depending on the time of year it ranges in colour from deep blue to turquoise and green it is surrounded by a 100 metres high crater rim. The lake is fed by groundwater flows which come from Mount Kilimanjaro fed and drained under ground with a rate of about 10 million m³ / year. Even the Chala loses volume.
 The Jakobsspitze (Italian: Cima di San Giacomo; German: Jakobsspitze) is a mountain in the Sarntal Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Gaea is an impact crater on Amalthea one of the small moons of Jupiter. The crater is 80 km wide and at least 15 km deep. Gaea is one of two named craters on Amalthea the other being Pan. It is named after the Greek goddess Gaia.Gaea is also a neighbour to two mountains Mons Lyctas and Mons Ida.
 Stanage Edge or simply Stanage (from stone edge) is a gritstone escarpment in the Peak District England famous as a location for climbing. The northern part of the edge forms the border between the High Peak of Derbyshire and Sheffield in South Yorkshire. Its highest point is High Neb at 458 metres (1503 ft) above sea level.
 Dylówka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Rykolanka.
 Mount Princeton is one of the fourteeners of the US state of Colorado. It lies in the Collegiate Peaks in the central part of the Sawatch Range just west of the Arkansas River. While not one of the highest peaks of the Sawatch it is one of the most dramatic abruptly rising nearly 7000 feet above the Arkansas valley in only 6 miles.Mount Princeton is located within the San Isabel National Forest.
 Grüner See is a lake in Hundelshausen Hesse Germany. At an elevation of 220 metres (720 ft) its surface area is ca. 5000 m2 (1.2 acres).
 Lago di Guardialfiera is a lake in the Province of Campobasso Molise Italy.
 Godin is a lunar impact crater located just to the south of the crater Agrippa on a rough upland region to the east of Sinus Medii. The ruined crater Tempel lies to the northeast on the east side of Agrippa. Due south is the flooded remains of Lade. The crater was named after Louis Godin (28 February 1704 Paris - 11 September 1760 Cadiz) who was a French astronomer and member of the French Academy of Sciences.
 Amba River (Russian: Амба in Udege Language it means Tiger) is a river in Primorsky Krai.It rises in Borisov Plateau of Sikhote-Alin and flow into Amur Bay of Sea of Japan. The river is 63 km long its drainage basin area is 330 square kilometres. The river 50-70 m in width and 1.5-2 m in depth.A water level of Amba River is possible to 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) higher after summer rains.Amba literally means Amur tiger in Nanai and Udege languages.
 Mount Penrose known locally as Penrose 2634 m (8642 ft) is the easternmost summit of the Dickson Range a subrange of the Chilcotin Ranges near Gold Bridge British Columbia Canada and immediately above and to the west of Gun Lake. It was named for Senator Boies Penrose of Philadelphia Pennsylvania who was the first to climb it during a hunting expedition led by famed guide W.G. Bill Manson.
 This article is about a mountain located in Troy and Fitzwilliam New Hampshire. For other mountains with similar names see Monadnock (disambiguation)Should not be confused with the nearby Mount Monadnock the most prominent mountain in southern New Hampshire.Little Monadnock Mountain 1900 feet (579 m) is located in the towns of Fitzwilliam and Troy New Hampshire. Most of the mountain is located within Rhododendron State Park; there are scenic vistas from ledges just below the summit.
 Miekojärvi is medium-sized lake in the Tornionjoki main catchment area in Finland. It is located in Pello municipality in the western Lapland region.
 Laguna de Leche (Spanish for Milk Lagoon also called Laguna Grande de Morón) is the largest natural fresh water lake in Cuba. It is located in the wetland of northern Ciego de Ávila Province 5 km (3.1 mi) north of Morón and has a total surface of 67.2 square kilometres (25.9 sq mi). (The man-made Zaza Reservoir at 113.5 km2 (43.8 sq mi) is the largest in-land water surface by area in the country.)
 The Valea cea Mică River is a tributary of the Tărcăița River in Romania.
 The Zutia River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Haikou Bay is a bay on the northern coast of Hainan Province China in the Qiongzhou Strait. It is named for Haikou City which is situated on the coast.The bay spans approximately 5 km from its eastern boundary at the northwestern tip of Haidian Island to its western boundary at the northern tip of Haikou Xiuying Port.
 The Düssi (or Piz Git) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps located on the border between the cantons of Uri and Graubünden. Its massif separates the valleys of Maderanertal (Uri) and Val Russein (Graubünden). The summit (3256 metres) is also named Gross Düssi to distinguish it from a lower summit (3127 metres) named Chli Düssi.The Düssi is surrounded by glaciers the largest being the Hüfifirn on its northern side.
 Kaw Lake is a reservoir completed in 1976 in the northern reaches of the U.S. state of Oklahoma near Kaw City. It is approximately 8 miles (13 km) east of Ponca City.Kaw Dam is 9466 feet (2885 m) long and 121 feet (37 m) above the stream bed. the dam lies 654 miles (1053 km) above the mouth of the Arkansas River. The top of the flood control pool is 1044.5 feet (318.4 m) while the normal operating level is 1010 feet.The Reservoir covers approximately 17040 acres (69 km²).
 East Gros Ventre Butte is a butte located at 43°29'04.8N 110°46'46.6 northwest of Jackson Wyoming.
 Hebble Brook is the body of water passing from Ogden Reservoir south at Ogden Halifax. The reservoir itself is sourced from water draining off Skirden Edge through Skirden Clough to the west and from the north the reservoir takes in water from Deep Gulf and Spa Flat above the now disused Fly Delph Quarry through the Great Scar.
 The Râul Lung is a tributary of the Turbați River in Romania
 Columbus Crater is a crater in the Memnonia quadrangle of Mars located at 29.8° south latitude and 166.1° west longitude. It is 119 km in diameter and was named after Christopher Columbus Italian explorer (1451–1506).
 The Mattawa River is a river in central Ontario Canada. It flows east from Trout Lake east of North Bay and enters the Ottawa River at the town of Mattawa. Counting from the head of Trout Lake it is 76 km in length.
 Rožmberk is large fish pond in South Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic next to the town Třeboň. Its area is 4.89 square kilometres and maximum depth is 12.3 m making it the largest pond of Central Europe.The pond was designed and built under guidance of Jakub Krčín working for Bohemian aristocratic family House of Rožmberk and it is named after that family. The work was finished in 1590.
 The Odra is a river in Spain. Its springs are located to the north of Amaya mountain in the province of Burgos. It thence flows southward until reaching the Pisuerga River. The main tributary is the Brullés river
 The Pur River (Russian: Пур) is a river in the Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug in Russia. The Pur River proper starts at the confluence of the Pyakupur and Aivasedapur Rivers. The length of the Pur River is 389 km. It is often considered as the Pyakupur's extension which would make it 1024 km long. The area of its basin is 112000 km².Just a few miles west of the mouth of the Taz River the Pur River flows into the Taz Estuary which is connected through the Gulf of Ob with the Kara Sea.
 Howard Lake is a lake in British Columbia Canada. It is located approximately 50 km northeast of 100 Mile House.
 The Kruostas is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 28.9 kilometres and has a basin area of 99.7 km².
 The Pinto Mountains are found in southern California USA at the north-central part of Joshua Tree National Park. The range reaches an elevation of 1390 meters (4560 ft) southeast of the city of Twentynine Palms. The range is made up of dark gneiss and the creosote bush is the dominant plant in the area.
 Long Lost Lake is located in Clearwater County Minnesota United States. The closed-basin lake's waterlevel rose from 489 m in 1991 to 491 m in 2001.
 Ling Fell is a small hill in the north west of the Lake District in the United Kingdom. It is close to the village of Wythop Mill from where it can easily be climbed. The fell is shaped like a wide dome with no particular dangers. Its name derives from the fact that it is largely covered in heather also known as ling. The summit has good views of the town of Cockermouth.
 The Guará River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Krippenbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Dielenpader is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Teel's Marsh is a playa in Nevada USA. It was the site of Borax Smith's first borax works at Marietta Nevada in 1872 and became the start of his operations that soon became the largest borax operation in the world.
 The Pârâul Lung is a tributary of the Aita River in Romania.
 Mount Barlow is located on the Continental Divide along the border of Alberta and British Columbia at the southern edge of the Freshfield Icefield in Banff National Park. It was named in 1916 by D.B. Dowling after Dr. Alfred Ernest Barlow a cartographer with the Geological Survey of Canada who perished in the 1914 Empress of Ireland disaster.
 The Sapang Baho River is a river system that runs through Rizal Province and Marikina City in the Philippines. The name when literally translated means smelly creek. It is one of 21 River tributaries of Laguna de Bay and is regularly monitored by the Laguna Lake Development Authority(LLDA) through one of its 15 river monitoring stations.
 Tucker is a small lunar impact crater in the southern part of the Mare Smythii. It is located along the eastern limb of the Moon and from the Earth it is seen nearly from the edge. It lies between the slightly larger crater Lebesgue to the northeast and the flooded Kao to the south-southwest.This is a small circular crater formation that is cup-shaped and has a higher albedo than the surrounding dark lunar mare.
 The Putnișoara River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The Dreptul River is a tributary of the Văratec River in Romania.
 Moel Tryfan (1400' / 427m) is a small mountain near the villages of Rhosgadfan Y Fron and Betws Garmon in northern Gwynedd. The higher and more famous peak of Tryfan above Dyffryn Ogwen has also sometimes been referred to as Moel Tryfan in the past.Moel Tryfan could be regarded as the westerly outlier of the larger Mynydd Mawr. The southern and eastern flanks of the mountain were heavily quarried in the past particularly at Moel Tryfran Quarry and Cilgwyn quarry.
 Aakenustunturi is a fell in Lapland in northern Finland. It has an elevation of 570 meters and is located near Mount Ylläs and the resort of Kittilä.
 Black Charlies Lake is a lake of Inverness County in north-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Uilocul Mic River is a headwater of the Uiloc River in Romania.
 Surprise Glacier is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Alaska Range near Mount Dall moving west. Its terminus is the source of the Tonzona River.
 The Warwick River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows southwest to reach the Maruia River 10 kilometres north of Maruia. State Highway 65 follows the course of the Warwick River for some of its length.
 The Pullinque Lake (Spanish: Lago Pullinque) is one of the Seven Lakes in Panguipulli municipality southern Chile. The lake is of glacial origin and lies between Calafquén and Panguipulli Lake. Pullinque Hydroelectric Plant is located near the southwestern outflow of the lake.
 Vurrusjøen is a lake in the municipality of Engerdal in Hedmark county Norway.
 Pillku Urqu (Quechua pillku red urqu mountain) also known as Pikul Piqul (possibly a corruption of pillku hispanicized spellings Piccol Picol also Pikol Piqol) or Wayna Piqul (Quechua wayna young hispanicized Huaynapicol Huaynapiccol also Wayna Piqol) is a 4448 metres (14593 ft) high mountain in the Andes of Peru near the city of Cusco.
 Rēzekne River is a river of Latvia.
 Sandy Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario. The Severn River flows through the lake. Sandy Lake First Nation community is located near the lake.
 The Punarbhaba (Poonorvoba Bengali: পুনরভব নদী) is a river of Bangladesh and West Bengal in India of total length about 160 km and a width of 3–8 km and its mean depth is 1.96 metres (6.4 ft) It originates from the lowlands of Thakurgaon District of Bangladesh. The river's upper part is a few kilometres west of Atrai. Dinajpur district town of Bangladesh is situated on the east bank of the river.
 The Crazy Mountains often called the Crazies are a mountain range in the northern Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Montana.
 The Slanița River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The São João River (Verde River) is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Șipote River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Mociar River is a tributary of the Zalău River in Romania.
 Csobánc [ˈtʃobaːnts] is a hill in the Tapolca Basin Hungary.
 Lago di Nicito was a lake in the Province of Catania Sicily Italy.It formed in 406 BC when part of the course of the river Amenano became blocked following an eruption of Etna and had a circumference of around 6 km with a depth of around 15m. Then in 1669 a second massive eruption of Etna and one of the most devastating in history filled the lake up.It received its name from Nike as the lake was renowned for its quality of boat racing.
 The Bruschghorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking Thalkirch (Safien) in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. With a height of 3056 metres above sea level the Bruschghorn is the culminating point of the range lying between the Safiental and the Domleschg.
 Slovanka (German: Seibthübel) is a hill situated 820 m above sea level in the central Jizera Mountains (Isergebirge) in the area of Lučany nad Nisou (former Bezirk Gablonz) between Královka (Königshöhe) and Bramberk. The view tower next to the hut built in the year 1887 from iron is 14 metres high with 56 steps to the top. It was rebuilt for 550.000 Kč and reopened on 5 July 2000.
 Dollond is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the central region of the Moon to the north of the crater Abulfeda. Due west of Dollond is Anděl. Dollond is circular and cone shaped with a tiny floor at the midpoint of the sloping interior walls.About 50 kilometers to the northeast of this crater was the landing site of the Apollo 16 mission the next-to-last of the Apollo expeditions to the Moon.
 Mammoth Glacier is in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The glacier is on the west side of the Continental Divide which separates it from Dinwoody Glacier to the east. Mammoth Glacier is the largest glacier on the west side of the Continental Divide of the Wind River Range and occupies a large north facing cirque on the north slopes of Twin Peaks and just west of Mount Woodrow Wilson.
 The Gauze Brook is a stream in the West Country of England which rises near the village of Littleton Drew in Wiltshire England and flows in a north easterly direction for approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) before joining the Bristol Avon near the village of Little Somerford.
 The Heidbrink is a hill which lies south of Lübbecke in central Germany and at 319.6 m above sea level is the highest peak in the Wiehen Hills. It is also the highest elevation in the district of Minden-Lübbecke in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. Its height is commonly given as 320 metres.About 200 yards east of the summit is a transmission tower for television and radio links and a wayside hut for walkers.
 Piz Arina (2828 m) is a mountain of the Samnaun Alps located north of Ramosch in the canton of Graubünden. It lies east of the Val Sinestra on the range descending from the Muttler.
 The Crasna River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Sams River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. A tributary of the Queets River Sams River flows through Olympic National Park and Olympic National Forest. Part of the river's lower course forms the boundary between the national park and national forest.Sams River is 15.7 miles (25.3 km) long. Its drainage basin is 30.8 square miles (80 km2) in area.
 Marindahl Lake South Dakota is a small lake located north of the city of Volin South Dakota.
 Rinchnacher Ohe is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The About this sound Huangpu (formerly romanized as Whangpoo[citation needed]) is a 113 kilometres (70 mi)-long river flowing through Shanghai China that was first excavated and created by Lord Chunshen one of the Four Lords of the Warring States during the Warring States Period (475 BC - 221 BC). It is the last significant tributary of the Yangtze before it empties into the East China Sea.
 Lago di Lei is a reservoir in the Valle di Lei. The lake is almost entirely located in Italy but the barrage was built on territory later assigned to Switzerland (municipality of Innerferrera Grisons). The dam is operated by Kraftwerke Hinterrhein.The waters of the lake are the only waters in Italian territory which end up in the North Sea being part of the Rhine's drainage basin.
 Rossbodenstock is a mountain peak in the Saint-Gotthard Massif south of Oberalp Pass. It is 2836 metres high; its peak is located on the border between the Cantons of Uri and Graubünden which follows the ridge from north to south.The source of the Rein da Tuma is on the eastern flank of the mountain.Template:Portal:Switzerland/StubTemplate:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Mârdanu River or Mordanu River is a tributary of the Zăbala River in Romania.
 Yangguan or Yangguan Pass (traditional Chinese: 陽關; simplified Chinese: 阳关; literally Sun Gate) is a mountain pass that was fortified by Emperor Wu of the Western Han Dynasty and used as an outpost in ancient China. It is located approximately 70 kilometres (43 mi) southwest of Dunhuang in the Gansu province of Northwest China which was in ancient times the westernmost administrative center of China.
 The Platte River is a tributary of the Mississippi River in southwestern Wisconsin in the United States. Its watershed lies almost entirely within Grant County with only a small portion in neighboring Iowa County and its main tributary is the Little Platte River. It is about 47 mi (76 km) long.
 Store Hellstugutinden is a mountain in Lom Oppland Norway and is in the mountain range Jotunheimen. Store Hellstugutinden is the highest of several peaks along the ridge Hellstugutindane between Hellstugubrean/Vestre Memurubrean in east and Urdadalen in west.The ridge Hellstugutindane consists of: Nordre Hellstugutinden Midtre Hellstugutinden Store Hellstugutinden Nestsøre Hellstugutinden Søre Hellstugutinden
 The Pleito Hills are a mountain range in the Transverse Ranges in southwestern Kern County California.
 Bashi Creek also historically known as Bashai Creek is a tributary of the Tombigbee River in northern Clarke County in Alabama.
 The Bănești River is a tributary of the Hălmăgel river in Romania.
 The Pingo River is a river of Chile.
 The Howard River is a river of the northern South Island of New Zealand. A tributary of the Buller River the Howard rises in the Travers Range of Nelson Lakes National Park flowing north between Lakes Rotoroa and Rotoiti before reaching the Buller between Kawatiri and Saint Arnaud.
 The Baia River is a tributary of the Tisa River in Romania.
 Lausenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 For the mountain in California formerly named Summit Peak see Mount Ina Coolbrith.Summit Peak elevation 13308 ft (4056 m) sits on the Continental Divide in southern Colorado. The mountain is the highest point in the South San Juan Wilderness.
 Brisbane Water is a youthful wave dominated barrier estuary located in the Central Coast region to the north of Sydney New South Wales Australia; being one of the bodies of water that separate greater Metropolitan Sydney from the Central Coast.Brisbane Water has its origin at the confluence of the Narara and Coorumbine Creeks to the south–east of Gosford and travels for approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) in a southerly direction to its mouth at Broken Bay about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) from the Tasman Sea at Barrenjoey Head. 
 Monte Bove Sud is a mountain of Marche Italy. It has an elevation of 2169 metres above sea level.
 The Neosho River is a tributary of the Arkansas River in eastern Kansas and northeastern Oklahoma in the United States. Its tributaries also drain portions of Missouri and Arkansas. The river is about 463 miles (745 km) long. Via the Arkansas it is part of the Mississippi River watershed. Its name is an Osage word meaning clear water.
 The Guariviara River is a river of Panama.
 The Little Siskiwit River is a 9.0-mile-long (14.5 km) river on Isle Royale in Lake Superior in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 Alexandra Peak is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 36 km (22 mi) southwest of Gold River and 8 km (5 mi) northwest of Mount Albert Edward.Alexandra Peak is a member of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 The Kruzgamepa River (or Pilgrim River) is a 55-mile (89 km) tributary of the Kuzitrin River on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. The river begins at Salmon Lake elevation 447 feet (136 m) and descends to 20 feet (6.1 m) above sea level at its mouth. In turn the Kuzitrin River empties into the Imuruk Basin.
 The Zlagna River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Dawson is a lunar impact crater that lies on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies across a crater triplet: the southeast rim is intruding into the crater Alekhin; the northwest rim also intrudes into the larger satellite crater Dawson V and the northeast rim is attached to the comparably sized Dawson D. To the south of this formation is the large crater Zeeman.
 The Manupali River is a river in central Bukidnon on the Philippine island of Mindanao. It is one of the major tributaries of the Pulangi River that drains into the Rio Grande de Mindanao.
 Glamaig is the northernmost of the Red Hills on the Isle of Skye in Scotland. It lies immediately east of Sligachan.
 Lake Okataina is the northernmost and largest of four smaller lakes lying between Lake Rotorua and Lake Tarawera in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand's North Island. The others are Lake Rotokakahi (Green Lake) Lake Tikitapu (Blue Lake) and Lake Okareka. All lie within the Okataina caldera along its western edge.Unlike many other lakes in the region Lake Okataina is completely encircled by native forest. It also has no inlets or outlets.
 By damming Walnut Creek in 1903 Mormon settlers created Rainbow Lake. Eventually the settlement grew into a community called Lakeside incorporated in 1986 as the Town of Pinetop-Lakeside.
 The Toana John Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County Nevada. Possibly the range is named for an Indian chief Toana John.
 The Pietroasa River or Valea Pietroasă River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 Keel Mountain is a mountain in Linn County Oregon USA. Variant names include Green Mountain and Green Ridge.
 Jangseongbong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 916 metres.
 The Ror River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 The Grebla River is a tributary of the Băiașu River in Romania
 Stiller Bach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Tass River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows predominantly northeast from its origins in the Southern Alps east of Lake Hochstetter reaching the Upper Grey River clse to the southern tip of the Victoria Forest Park.
 Togiak River is a stream 48-mile (77 km) long in the southwestern part of the U.S. state of Alaska.
 Uls (Russian: Улс) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 89 km. Area of drainage basin is 2190 km². It starts near the border with Sverdlovsk Oblast. Its mouth is located near the village of Ust-Uls 233 km of Vishera's mouth. Main tributaries: Left: Olkhovka River Pelya River Bolshaya Zolotanka River;Right: Surya River Bolshaya Lyampa Kutim River Myka River .↑
 Kleine Kinzig is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Rocky River a watercourse of the Gwydir catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.Sourced from the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range the river rises at First Creek Falls on Kentucky Creek at Rocky River west of Uralla and flows generally to the north and north-west before reaching its confluence with the Boorolong Creek to form Gwydir River south of Yarrowyck; descending 223 metres (732 ft) over its 34 kilometres (21 mi) course.
 Lohrbach (Lohrhaupten) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Sayarani River is a river of Bolivia.
 Bjerknes is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the rugged far side of the Moon. The crater lies behind the southeastern limb and beyond the region that is sometimes brought into sight through libration. Thus this crater can not be viewed from Earth and has only been seen from orbit.
 The Ilú–Tramen Massif is a tepui massif in Bolívar state Venezuela. It forms part of the Eastern Tepuis chain and comprises two major plateaus: the larger Ilú-tepui (also spelled Uru) to the south and Tramen-tepui to the north. With a maximum elevation of around 2700 metres (8900 ft) Ilú-tepui is the taller of the two peaks. Both tepuis have open rocky summit plateaus with a combined summit area of 5.63 km2 (2.17 sq mi). They lie just north of Karaurín-tepui.
 Table Mountain (Afrikaans: Tafelberg) is a flat-topped mountain forming a prominent landmark overlooking the city of Cape Town in South Africa and is featured in the Flag of Cape Town and other local government insignia. It is a significant tourist attraction with many visitors using the cableway or hiking to the top. The mountain forms part of the Table Mountain National Park. The view from the top of Table Mountain has been described as one of the most epic views in Africa.
 The Cherry River is a tributary of the Gauley River in southeastern West Virginia USA. Via the Gauley Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. The Cherry River drains mostly rural and forested areas and flows for much of its length through the Monongahela National Forest. Throughout its entire length the Cherry goes over a series of whitewater rapids in a mountainous setting.
 The Blae Loch is a small freshwater loch situated in a hollow in a low lying area beneath Blaelochhead Hill in the Parish of Beith North Ayrshire Scotland.
 Forrestdale Lake is a lake nature reserve in the City of Armadale Western Australia approximately 25 km south of the central business district of Perth the state capital and on the southern fringes of the Perth metropolitan area. It lies immediately south of the suburb of Forrestdale and 8 km south-east of Jandakot Airport.
 At 972 m above sea level the Nußhardt is the third highest mountain in the Fichtel Mountains in the south German state of Bavaria. It lies in the far northeast of the state and has a rocky summit characteristic of the Fichtelgebirge (coarse-grained Kern Granite G3 and augen gneiss at the southeast end). The summit area with its felsenmeer and tor is a nature reserve with an area of 5.5 hectares (14 acres).
 Berkel is a crater on Mercury. The crater contains dark material in its center and in a ring immediately surrounding it. Moreover Berkel is surrounded by a blanket of bright ejecta and a system of bright rays. Other craters on Mercury’s surface such as Basho also exhibit both bright rays and dark halos. In contrast two neighboring craters have bright rays but lack dark halos.
 Red Hill is one of the highest points in the county of Hampshire England. It is part of the Hampshire Downs amd rises to 221 metres (725 ft) above sea level.Red Hill lies on the edge of the Chawton Park Wood just northeast of the village of Four Marks in Hampshire. There is a fire tower at the highest point.
 Navuturerenga River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The River Crouch is a river that flows entirely through the English county of Essex.The distance of the Navigation between Holliwell Point which is north of Foulness Island and Battlesbridge is 17.5 Miles i.e. 15.21 Nautical Miles.
 Windy Peak elevation 11970 ft (3650 m) is a summit in the Kenosha Mountains of central Colorado. The peak is south of Bailey in the Lost Creek Wilderness.
 Rukowitzberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 At 927.9 m above sea level the Dammersfeldkuppe in Bavaria is the second highest mountain after the Wasserkuppe (950.2 m above NN; Hessen) in the Rhön a low mountain range straddling the states of Bavaria Hesse and Thuringia in Germany.
 The Little Satilla River is a 28.4-mile-long (45.7 km) freshwater tributary of the Satilla River in the U.S. state of Georgia. It should not be confused with the tidal Little Satilla River that is 20 miles (32 km) to the southeast and is an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean.The freshwater Little Satilla River forms at the juncture of Big Satilla Creek and Little Satilla Creek close to the U.S. Route 82 crossing of the two creeks southwest of Screven.
 The Tongariro River is a river in the North Island of New Zealand. The part of the Waikato River from the Waihohonu Stream down to Lake Taupo was formally named the Tongariro River in 1945. The river originates in the Central Plateau of the North Island where it is fed by numerous tributaries (such as the Whitikau Poutu and Mangamawhitiwhiti streams) that flow off the surrounding hill ranges and mountains such as Mount Ruapehu.
 The Hagen is a mountain in the Randen range between the Jura and the Swabian Jura located between Beggingen and Merishausen in the Swiss canton of Schaffhausen. Reaching a height of 912 metres above sea level it is the highest point of the canton.On the summit is located the Hagenturm a 40 metre-high observation tower.
 The Gravona is a river on the island of Corsica France. It flows from the center of the island southwest to the Gulf of Ajaccio. Its entire course is in the Corse-du-Sud Department of France. The Gravona Valley conducts the main highway Route N193 from the capital city Ajaccio to the Col de Vizzavona where it goes through the pass and down to Corte and Bastia. At its upper end the Gravona is a crystal-clear mountain stream cascading over falls and rapids into trout-filled pools.
 Whitehorn Mountain is located in the Slate Range in Alberta.
 Llancahue River (Spanish: Río Llancahue) is a river in Panguipulli commune southern Chile. It drains Pellaifa Lake and flows westward into Calafquén Lake of which it is the primary source.
 Teckberg is a mountain at Landkreis Esslingen in Baden-Württemberg Germany with an elevation of 775 metres. Situated on top is castle Teck.
 High Street /haɪ striːt/ is a fell in the English Lake District. At 828 metres (2718 ft) its summit is the highest point in the far eastern part of the national park. The fell is named after the Roman road which ran over the summit.
 Örekilsälven is a river in Sweden.
 Kolahoi Glacier is a valley glacier in the northwestern Himalayan Range situated 26 kilometers north from Pahalgam and 16 kilometers south from Sonamarg in the state of Jammu and Kashmir.Kolahoi glacier lies at an average elevation of 4700 meters. The highest peak named after the glacier is Kolahoi Peak has an elevation of 5425 meters. The origin of the glacier is below the cirques on the north flank of Kolahoi Peak.
 The Valea Lungă Mare River is a small river in Cluj County Romania. It is a tributary of the Pârâul Florilor.
 The Col du Pourtalet El Portalet or Portalet d'Aneu is a mountain pass and border crossing in the Pyrenees between France and Spain. The pass reaches an elevation of 1794 m (5886 ft) and links the Ossau and Tena valleys.The road across the pass is known as the A-136 on the Spanish side and links to Biescas and Huesca. On the French side the D934 road connects the pass to the towns of Laruns Oloron-Sainte-Marie and Pau.
 The Pocreaca River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania.
 Jungwangsan is a mountain between the counties of Jeongseon and Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1376.1 m (4515 ft).
 Taurožė is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 8.8 kilometres and has a basin area of 9.5 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 Crișul Repede (Romanian Crișul Repede; Hungarian Sebes-Körös) is a river in Bihor county Crișana Romania and in southeastern Hungary (Körösvidek). Together with the rivers Crișul Alb (White Criș) and Crișul Negru (Black Criș) it makes up the Three Criș rivers (Cele Trei Crișuri). These are considered the main rivers in the Crișana region of Romania.
 Broad Crag is a fell in the English Lake District. By some counts it is the fifth highest peak in England at a height of 934 metres (3064 feet).
 The North Palatine Uplands (German: Nordpfälzer Bergland) sometimes incorrectly shortened to Palatine Uplands (Pfälzer Bergland) is a landscape unit in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate and belongs largely to the Palatinate region.
 The Scorff River flows from central Brittany and enters the Atlantic Ocean on the south coast in Lorient.The Scorff rises north of Langoëlan in the Morbihan department and flows through the towns of Guémené-sur-Scorff and Pont-Scorff. From there its bed enlarges to form a ria submitted to the tides. It joins the Blavet in Lorient where it enters the Ocean in the roadstead of Lorient.It is 78.7 kilometres (48.9 mi) long.
 The Budeș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Hidden Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island east of Mount Arrowsmith.
 Grand Roc Noir is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3582 metres above sea level.
 Far Mountain is the highest of the 13 peaks of the Ilgachuz Range in the Anahim Volcanic Belt in British Columbia Canada. The Ilgachuz Range is one of the three major shield volcanoes that formed the Anahim Volcanic Belt when the North American Plate moved over a hotspot (the Anahim hotspot). This is similar to the one which feeds the Hawaiian Islands. The mountain is located in the western part of Itcha Ilgachuz Provincial Park.
 Gaviota Peak is a summit in the Santa Ynez Mountains in Santa Barbara County California. It is located 10 miles (16 km) west of Santa Barbara 16 miles (26 km) east of Point Conception and 2 miles (3.2 km) from the Pacific Ocean.The Gaviota Peak Fire Road trail starts near the junction of U.S. Route 101 and California State Route 1 in Gaviota State Park and ends on the summit in the Los Padres National Forest.
 Mount Andrus is a shield volcano 3.2 km (2 mi) SE of Mount Boennighausen in the SE extremity of Ames Range in Marie Byrd Land Antarctica. Mapped by USGS from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1964-68. Named by US-ACAN for Lt. Carl H. Andrus US Navy medical officer and Officer-in-Charge of Byrd Station in 1964.Andrus has a 4.5 km-wide caldera at its summit. Weak fumarolic activity was detected in 1977 at Mt. Kaufmann in the northern end of the Ames Range of which Mt.
 Donati is a lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged south-central highlands of the Moon. It lies just to the northwest of the crater Faye and the two outer rims are separated by a gap of less than 10 kilometers. To the north is the comparably sized Airy and farther to the southeast is Playfair. Donati is 36 kilometers in diameter.The outer wall of Donati has been eroded by subsequent impacts particularly in the south and east where craterlets overlie the rim.
 The Sefīd-Rūd (Persian: سفیدرود‎ pronounced: [sefiːdruːd] White River Azerbaijani: قزل اؤزؤن) is a river approximately 670 kilometres (416 mi) long rising in northwestern Iran and flowing generally northeast to meet the Caspian Sea at Rasht. The river is Iran's second longest river after the Karun.Sefid Rud has cut a water gap through the Alborz Mountains the Manjil gap capturing two headwater tributaries and widening the valley between the Talesh Hills and the main Alborz range.
 The Brătcuța River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania
 Gagra Range (Georgian: გაგრის ქედი; Russian: Гагрский хребет) is a mountain range of the Greater Caucasus in Abkhazia. The range runs between the valleys of the Bzyb and Psou rivers to the south of the Caucasus Major in a general North-South direction.
 Midsummer Hill is situated in the range of Malvern Hills that runs approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-south along the Herefordshire-Worcestershire border. It lies to the south of Herefordshire Beacon with views to Eastnor Castle. It has an elevation of 284 metres (932 ft).It is the site of an Iron Age hill fort which spans Midsummer Hill and Hollybush Hill. The hillfort is protected as a Scheduled Ancient Monument and is owned by Natural England.
 Stony Creek is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 The Perry River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Sierra Blanca (also called the White Mountains) is a range of volcanic mountains in Lincoln and Otero counties of south-central New Mexico. The range is about 40 miles (64 km) from north to south and 20 miles (32 km) wide and is dominated by Sierra Blanca Peak (White Peak) whose highest point is at 11981 feet (3652 m). The peak is located on the Mescalero Apache Indian Reservation 10 miles (16 km) west-northwest of Ruidoso and 30 miles (48 km) north-northeast of Alamogordo.
 The Raging River is a modest tributary to the much larger Snoqualmie River in western Washington State in the United States. It is located in the western foothills of the Cascade Mountains in east central King County Washington. It gets its name from the large amount of water it sometimes carries. The record discharge at the gaging station is over 4000 cubic feet (110 m3) per second.
 The Gânțaga River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 The Alajõgi is a river in Estonia. The river is 29 kilometers long. The river begins at Kõnnu pikkjärv near the village of Ongassaare.
 During the Oligocene epoch a series of caldera building eruptions of titanic proportions some as large as VEI-8 devastated what is now Colorado and raised up the mountain chain part of the San Juan Mountains. The La Garita supervolcano's mega-colossal eruption created 5000 km3 of tephra the largest eruption known.
 The Murphy River is a 6.6-mile-long (10.6 km) river in Baraga County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Worm Lake the outlet of which is the Rock River which flows to the Sturgeon River and eventually to Lake Superior.
 Guarapiche River is a river of north-eastern Venezuela. It flows into the Gulf of Paria.
 The Măcriș River is a tributary of the Urșani River in Romania.
 The Col de Turini (el. 1607 m) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes-Maritimes in France.It lies near Sospel between the communes of Moulinet and La Bollène-Vésubie in the Arrondissement of Nice. It is famous for a stage of the Monte Carlo Rally which is held on the tight road with its many hairpin turns.
 The Hoher Riffler is a 3231 metre high mountain in the Zillertal Alps on the eastern part of the main chain of the Tux (Tuxer Hauptkamm) in the Austrian state of Tyrol. The peak is firn-covered on its northern side but from the south it looks like a rocky summit. Ridges run from the top towards the southwest north northeast and southeast some of them carrying approach paths.
 The Geamăna River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
 Mount Iwate (岩手山 Iwate-san) is a stratovolcano complex located northwest of the city of Morioka in western Iwate Prefecture Tohoku Japan. The mountain is listed as one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains in a book composed in 1964 by mountaineer/author Kyūya Fukada.
 The Clarée is a river in southeastern France a tributary to the Durance. Its source is in the Cottian Alps near Mont Thabor and Valloire. It flows for all of its course in the Hautes-Alpes department. Its confluence with the Durance is near the hamlet of Les Alberts not far from the source of the Durance in the ski resort of Montgenevre.The upper reaches of the river are in a military exercise range. This is where the French army from their base in Briançon train in the mountains.
 The Agăș River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania. The Agăș River is the source of the water supply system of the village of Agăş.
 The Mișu River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mare River in Romania.
 Lac des Hermines is a lake near Super-Besse in Puy-de-Dôme France. At an elevation of 1350 m its surface area is 0.14 km².
 The Müggelsee also known as the Großer Müggelsee is a lake in the eastern suburbs of Berlin the capital city of Germany. It is the largest of the Berlin lakes by area with an area of 7.4 square kilometres (2.9 sq mi) a length of 4.3 kilometres (2.7 mi) and a breadth of 2.6 kilometres (1.6 mi).
 Mount Jarvis is an eroded shield volcano in the Wrangell Mountains of eastern Alaska. It is located in Wrangell-Saint Elias National Park about 10 miles (16 km) east of the summit of Mount Wrangell.
 Svartfjellet (Northern Sami: Muvrarášša) is the highest mountain on the island of Kvaløya in Finnmark county Norway. The 629-metre (2064 ft) tall summit lies on the border of the municipalities of Kvalsund and Hammerfest.
 Mount Robie Reid 2095 m (6873 ft) is a mountain in the southern end of the Garibaldi Ranges overlooking the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia Canada. It lies to the north of Mission British Columbia Canada and on the west side of the upper end of Stave Lake and to the northeast of the group of summits known as the Golden Ears.
 Sixteenmile Creek is a stream in the municipality of West Elgin Elgin County in Southwestern Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and flows from a point just south of Ontario Highway 401 east of exit 129 through the community of Rodney past the community of New Glasgow to its mouth at the community of Port Glasgow on Lake Erie.
 Bennett's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It forms part of the Gorham's Cave complex which have been nominated for UNESCO World Heritage Site status.
 The Pește River is a tributary of the Bătătura Cailor River in Romania.
 Murphy Lake is a reservoir in Cook County Illinois United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 623 feet (190 m).
 Bear Lake (one of a dozen lakes by this name in Alaska) is near the town of Seward and Resurrection Bay in the Kenai Peninsula Borough on the Kenai Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is accessible from Bear Creek Road which connects it to the Seward Highway. It is the site of salmon enhancement activities since 1962.
 The Pârâul Stânei is a tributary of the Tămășoiu River in Romania.
 Ziernsee is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District in Germany. Whilst most of the lake is in the district of Mecklenburgische Seenplatte (municipality Priepert) in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern a portion of its southern shore is in the state of Brandenburg. The lake has an elevation of 54.6 metres (179 ft) and a surface area of 1.1 square kilometres (0.42 sq mi).
 Ndawathumu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Himmeldunkberg or Himmeldunk is a 887.9 m above sea level m high extinct volcano in the High Rhön (Hohe Rhön) in Germany. It straddles the Bavarian-Hessian state border.
 Storvatnet (Northern Sami: Ránujávri) is a lake in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county Norway. The 9.76-square-kilometre (3.77 sq mi) lake is located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of the village of Ballangen.
 The Vesle is the river on which the city of Reims stands. It is a fourth order river of France and a left-bank tributary of the Aisne River. It is 140 kilometres long rises in the département of Marne through which it flows most of its course.
 The Hohe Stoppelkopf locally just called the Stoppelkopf is a 566-metre-high hill in the Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. It lies 3 km north of the small town of Lambrecht.Together with the Drachenfels (577 m) to the northwest and the Stabenberg (496 m) to the east the Stoppelkopf lies on the watershed between the catchment areas of two Palatine Rhine tributaries the Speyerbach (south) and the Isenach (north).
 The Șasa River is a tributary of the Băiașu River in Romania
 Lake Puelo (Spanish: Lago Puelo) is a lake located in the north of the province of Chubut in Argentine Patagonia. Of fluvial-glacial origin its deepest point is some 180 meters below the water level. The narrow lake is located in the Lago Puelo National Park connected by the small rivers Azul and Quemquemtreu.
 Lake Dana is a lake in western Quebec Canada.
 The Rășcana River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 The Òsam (Bulgarian: Осъм) is a river in northern Bulgaria. Its drainage basin is in between that of the river Vit to the west and the Yantra system to the east. The river has two main tributaries in its upper course: the Black Osam takes its source from the foot of Levski Peak in the Balkan Mountains at an altitude of 1821 m (5974 ft) while the White Osam has its source on the northern slopes of the Kozya Stena peak. In Troyan the black and white Osam join.
 Judah Ha-Levi is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 70 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Judah Ha-Levi is named for the Spanish-Jewish poet and philosopher Judah Ha-Levi who lived from 1075 to 1141.
 There are three lakes of the name Svínavatn in Iceland.1) A lake to the south of Blönduós. Its surface measures 12 km².2) A very small lake in the valley Heydalur near Hvammsfjörður on the peninsula of Snæfellsnes.3) Another smaller lake to the west of Blöndulón at the north end of Kjölur highland road.
 Jaquirana River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Valea Vadului River is a tributary of the Ocolişel River in Romania.
 Cheontaesan is a 631-meter-high mountain in Gyeongsangnam-do South Korea on the border between Miryang and Yangsan cities. It lies near the southern end of the Yeongnam Alps and looks south across the Nakdong River to Gimhae. Cheontaesan is connected to Geumosan (730 m) to its north.Tourists reach the mountain's southern flank on the local highway which crosses from Wondong-myeon in Yangsan to Samnangjin-eup in Miryang. There are numerous waterfalls on Cheontaesan.
 The Georgetown Reservoir is a reservoir that is part of the water supply and treatment infrastructure for the District of Columbia. It is located in the Palisades neighborhood of Washington D.C. approximately two miles downstream from the Maryland–D.C. boundary.The reservoir was built by the United States Army Corps of Engineers as part of the Washington Aqueduct project. It was partially completed by 1858 but work was suspended for lack of funds.
 Mount Nitai (Hebrew: הר נתאי‎ Har Nitai) is a mountain in Israel; it is situated west of the Sea of Galilee and north of the city of Tiberias and is due west of Mount Arbel. Har Nitai is named after Nittai of Arbela. The cliffs of both Nitai and Arbel are visible when looking southwest from Capernaum on the shore of the Sea of Galillee.A valley with a stream through it separates Har Nitai from Har Arbel.
 The Izvorul Bulzului River is a tributary of the Șindrești River in Romania.
 The River Forth (Gaelic: Uisge For or Abhainn Dubh meaning black river) 47 km (29 mi) long is the major river draining the eastern part of the central belt of Scotland.The Forth rises in Loch Ard in the Trossachs a mountainous area some 30 km (19 mi) west of Stirling. It flows roughly eastward through Aberfoyle joining with the Duchray Water and Kelty Water and out over the flat expanse of the Flanders Moss.
 DeGray Lake is a reservoir on the Caddo River 8 miles (13 km) from Arkadelphia. DeGray Lake offers a huge span of recreational area and spectacular views. Arkansas Scenic Byway 7 is located on the eastern shore of the lake and provides views of the lake and also places to stay down the road. DeGray Lake Resort State Park was opened in 1974 to encourage tourism and recreation on DeGray Lake.
 Pirámide (Spanish for pyramid) also Pirámide de Garcilaso or Pirámide de Garcilazo is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5885 metres (19308 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Caraz District as well as in the Yungay Province Yanama District. Pirámide lies in the Huascarán National Park southeast of the Qaras and Artisunrahu and north of the Chakrarahu at the very end of the Parun valley.
 Griboyedov Canal or Kanal Griboyedova (Russian: кана́л Грибое́дова) is a canal in Saint Petersburg constructed in 1739 on the basis of the existing river Krivusha. In 1764–1790 the canal was deepened and the banks were reinforced and covered with granite.Griboyedov Canal starts from the Moyka River near the Field of Mars. It flows into the Fontanka River.
 The Valea Glonțului River is a headwater of the Luncaviţa River in Romania.
 The Râul Cetății is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 The Pustia River is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 The Pepacton Reservoir also known as the Downsville Reservoir or the Downsville Dam is a reservoir in Delaware County New York that was formed by impounding over ¼ of the East Branch of the Delaware River. New York City purchased the valley in 1942 displacing 974 people destroying four towns (Arena Pepacton Shavertown and Union Grove) and submerging nearly ½ of the Delaware and Northern Railroad in the process.
 Flaubert is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 95 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Flaubert is named for the French novelist Gustave Flaubert who lived from 1821 to 1880.
 Mount Rubidoux is a hill in the city of Riverside California United States that has been designated a city park and landmark. The hill was once a popular Southern California tourist destination and is still the site of the oldest outdoor non-denominational Easter Sunrise service in the United States.
 Pilot crater is an impact crater in the Northwest Territories Canada just north of the Alberta border and near Fort Smith (54km). It is 6 kilometres in diameter and the age is estimated to be 445 ± 2 million years (Upper Ordovician).The crater contains Pilot Lake a pristine fresh-water lake that covers 43 square kilometres (16 mi²) and is 90 metres (300 ft) deep.Lake trout northern pike whitefish and pickerel are plentiful supporting a summer market for recreational fishing.
 Salher is a place located near Waghamba in Nasik district of Maharashtra India. It is the site of the highest fort in the Sahyadri mountains and the second highest peak at 1567 metres (5141 ft) after Kalsubai in Maharashtra.
 The Bavarian Prealps (German: Bayerischen Voralpen) are a mountain range within the Northern Limestone Alps in south Germany. They include the Bavarian Prealp region between the river Loisach to the west and the river Inn to the east; the range is about 80 kilometres (50 mi) long and 20–30 kilometres (12–19 mi) wide. The term is not defined politically but alpine-geographically because small areas of the Bavarian Prealps lie in Tyrol (e.g.
 Werschbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Whangaparaoa River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from the Raukumara Range to reach the Whangaparaoa Bay an indentation in the far east of the Bay of plenty five kilometres south of Cape Runaway.
 Lake Kizi (Russian: Кизи or Большое Кизи) is a large freshwater lake in Khabarovsk Krai Russia. It has an area of about 280 km2 (108 sq mi) depending on water level and a maximum depth of 3 to 4 metres (9.8 to 13.1 ft). It lies near the right bank of the Amur River to which it is connected by the series of canals and close to the Tatar Strait. Kizi is used for fishery.
 The Mauri River is a river of Bolivia and Peru. It rises on the frontier between Chile and Bolivia near Charaña and flows east-northeast for about 100 km where it joins the Desaguadero. In fact the Mauri is much larger than the Desaguadero at this point but below the confluence the name Desaguadero prevails.
 The Sulța River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The São Domingos River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Pareora River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It has its origins in several small streams flowing from the Hunters Hills and flows north before turning southeast to reach the Pacific ocean at the southern end of the township of Pareora eight kilometres south of Timaru.
 Monte Verde (Portuguese meaning green mountain) is the tallest mountain in the island of São Vicente Cape Verde. The mountain is located 8 km (5 mi) east of the city of Mindelo the island's main city and is 750 m tall. The mountain is part of a natural park. It is an example of a sub-humid ecosystem. Of the 93 inventoried species of flora 17 are on the list of endangered species of São Vicente.
 Hurleston Junction (grid reference SJ625553) is the name of the canal junction where the Llangollen Canal terminates and meets the Shropshire Union Canal main line at Hurleston Cheshire England.
 The Tenaiko Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges in British Columbia Canada. It is surrounded by the Gamsby River and Tenaiko Creek.
 The Hohenberg is a 552 m above sea level high hill in the Palatinate Forest in the municipalities of Birkweiler Queichhambach and Siebeldingen. At its summit is an observation tower a refuge hut and starting ramps for hang gliders.
 The Vermilion River is a tributary of the Wabash River in the states of Illinois and Indiana United States.There are two Vermilion Rivers in Illinois. The Wabash tributary flows south while the other Vermilion River flows north to the Illinois River.
 Cuyamaca Peak is a mountain in San Diego County roughly 40 miles (64 km) from the Pacific Ocean in Cuyamaca Rancho State Park east of San Diego and southwest of Julian.
 Mount Yale is one of nine fourteeners in the Collegiate Peaks in the central part of the Sawatch Range near Buena Vista Colorado. It is the 21st tallest peak in Colorado and the 5th highest in the Collegiate Peaks.
 The Cocora River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Kinnikinick Lake is located 38 mi (61 km) south of Flagstaff in North Central Arizona within the Coconino National Forest. Prairies of Juniper surround the lake and typically abound with Pronghorn. Bald Eagles are often seen during the fall and winter months. The facilities are maintained under the authority of the Coconino National Forest.
 The Vontrigger Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert in eastern San Bernardino County California.Vontrigger Hills are located in the southeastern Mojave National Preserve approximately 10 miles (16 km) north of the small settlement of Goffs California that's on U.S. Route 66.
 The Curcubeul River is a headwater of the Ilişoara Mare River in Romania.
 The Ștevioara River is a tributary of the Nile River in Romania.
 Olfe (Nuhne) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Partridge Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County Ontario Canada.The lake is about 0.8 kilometres (0.5 mi) long and 0.5 kilometres (0.3 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 288 metres (945 ft) about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) west southwest of the community of Cloyne on Ontario Highway 41 and just 1 kilometre (0.6 mi) southwest of the western tip of Skootamatta Lake.
 The Flint River is a 78.3-mile-long (126.0 km) river in the Flint/Tri-Cities region of Michigan in the United States. It flows through the city of Flint and the counties of Genesee Lapeer and Saginaw.
 D. O. Lee Peak also known as Lee Peak at 11347 feet (3459 m) above sea level is the third highest peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 1.25 mi (2.01 km) south-southwest of Calkens Peak its line parent. It is the 56th highest peak in Idaho and it was named after David Oliver Lee who was born in 1934 in Challis and died in 1982. D. O.
 The Wark (Luxembourgish: Waark) is a river flowing through Luxembourg joining the Alzette at Ettelbruck. It flows through the towns of Mertzig Feulen Welscheid and Warken.
 Baner hill is a hill that separates two suburbs of Pune Pashan and Baner. The hill is the third highest point within the city limits with an elevation of 2224 ft. surpassed by the Vetal Hill and the Surtarwadi Hill. There is a temple located in the northern foot of the hill. The place is an excellent getaway from the hustle and bustle of the city and provides a great morning trek location for the weekends. One can view the whole of baner on one side and the pashan area from the other.
 Tioga Lake is a small glacial lake in the Inyo National Forest of Mono County California about two miles (3 km) north of the Tioga Pass entrance to Yosemite National Park. The lake bed is alongside State Route 120 in the Sierra Nevada mountains of northern California.
 The Merriam Mountains are a mountain range in San Diego County California.
 Serra del Tallat is a mountain range of the Catalan Central Depression Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 802 metres above sea level.The highest summit of the Serra del Tallat is the Tossal Gros de Vallbona; it is located between the municipal limits of Espluga de Francolí Conca de Barberà and Vallbona de les Monges Urgell.
 Berthoud Pass (/ˈbɜrθəd/ BURTH-əd; el. 11307 ft./3446 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States.The pass is located west of Denver and provides a high route between upper Clear Creek Canyon to the upper valley of the Fraser River in Middle Park to the north. The pass traverses the continental divide at the Front Range on the border between Clear Creek County and Grand County.The pass is named for Edward L.
 The Ali Sabieh Mountain (Somali: Buurta Ali Sabieh) is a mountain located just outside the city of Ali Sabieh in southeastern Djibouti. The hills are considered a local landmark.
 Mettmenhaslisee is a lake located between Niederhasli and Mettmenhasli in the Canton of Zurich Switzerland. Its surface area is 2.5 ha.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Comana River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Sinqa (Quechua for nose hispanicized spelling Sencca also Senqa) is a 4423 metres (14511 ft) high mountain in the Andes of Peru northwest of the city of Cusco. It lies in the Cusco Region Cusco Province Cusco District and in the Anta Province Cachimayo District.Like Pachatusan Pillku Urqu and Wanakawri Sinqa is one of the mountains in the vicinity of Cusco which have been venerated as apus (sacred mountains).
 The Mesteacănu River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 The Luncșoara River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Mecaya River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Linkins Lake is an alpine lake in Pitkin County Colorado United States located high in the Sawatch Range in the Hunter-Fryingpan Wilderness of White River National Forest. The lake is accessible via a 0.6 miles (0.97 km) trail from State Highway 82 west of Independence Pass.
 The Mosquito River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Miniș River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 Lake Vostok (Russian: озеро Восток Ozero Vostok lit. Lake East) is the largest of Antarctica's almost 400 known subglacial lakes.Lake Vostok is located at the southern Pole of Cold beneath Russia's Vostok Station under the surface of the central East Antarctic Ice Sheet which is at 3488 m (11444 ft) above mean sea level.
 Kurukove (Ukrainian: Курукове Озеро) was a freshwater lake located in the central Ukrainian oblast of Poltava.In 1625 the Treaty of Kurukove was signed at the site between the Ukrainian Cossacks and the Poles.
 Halstead's Bay (sometimes spelled Halsted's) is the western most bay of Lake Minnetonka. It is in the cities of Minnetrista and Mound in Hennepin County Minnesota. It is named for the settler Frank W. Halsted who migrated to its shores in 1855. Its main tributary is Six Mile Creek that enters the bay from the west. Access to the bay is provided by a public boat launch along Halstead's Drive.The bay is one of the last on Lake Minnetonka to see intensive modern residential development.
 Lac-à-la-Tortue was a small town in the administrative region of Mauricie in the province of Quebec (Canada). Founded in 1895 the town consisted of about 2500 inhabitants. Since January 1 2002 Lac-à-la-Tortue has become one of the seven sectors of the new merged Shawinigan city.
 Horn Pond is a 227-acre (92 ha) water body located on the border of Acton Maine and Wakefield New Hampshire in the United States. The lake is both spring-fed and fed by the outflows of Great East Lake to the north and Wilson Lake to the east.
 The Bentley Canal is an abandoned canal that was part of the Birmingham Canal Navigations. A very short section still exists where it joins the Wyrley and Essington Canal in Wolverhampton. From there it headed generally southeast through Willenhall and Walsall and connected with the Anson Branch and thus the Walsall Canal. The main line opened in 1843 with the Neachell Hall Branch following two years later. The branch closed in 1953 and the main line in the early 1960s.
 Cerro de la Silla (English: Saddle Hill) named for its distinctive saddle-shaped profile when viewed from the west is a famous symbol of the landscape of the state of Nuevo León Mexico. Even though the mountain itself is located in the adjacent city of Guadalupe it is widely associated to the city of Monterrey Mexico.It covers an area of 60.5 square kilometres (23 mi²).
 Nordre Folgefonna (Northern Folgefonna) is one of the largest glaciers in mainland Norway. It is the northernmost of the three glaciers that make up Folgefonna. Its highest point is 1640 m (5381 ft) above sea level and its lowest point is 990 m (3248 ft) above sea level.
 The Furggelenstock (1656 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located west of Oberiberg in the canton of Schwyz. It lies on the range surrounding Alpthal.
 Conococheague Mountain is a long and narrow mountain located in the far western corner of Perry County Pennsylvania United States. The highest point on the mountain is a summit known as Round Top which rises to an elevation of 2190 feet (670 m) and is located at the very southern end of the ridge. The mountain is almost entirely located in the Tuscarora State Forest and has numerous hiking trails and dirt roads including Bryner Road New Germantown Road and the Iron Horse Trail.
 Stolpsee is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District in Germany. It is situated in the district of Oberhavel in the state of Brandenburg. The resort of Himmelpfort lies on the north bank of the lake.The lake has an approximate length of 3.6 kilometres (2.2 mi) and a width of 1.42 kilometres (0.88 mi).
 The Gladie River is a tributary of the Lișava River in Romania.
 Bocono River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Guara River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Dry River is a 22.6-mile-long (36.4 km) tributary of the North River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It flows entirely within Rockingham County rising within the George Washington National Forest east of the West Virginia border and flowing south to the North River at Bridgewater. Via the North River it is part of the Shenandoah River system flowing to the Potomac River.
 Pumaqulluni (Aymara puma cougar puma qullu mountain -ni a suffix to indicate ownership the one with a cougar mountain hispanicized spelling Pumajolluni) is a mountain in the Kallawaya mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5200 metres (17060 ft) high. It is located in the Puno Region Carabaya Province on the border of the districts Ajoyani Coasa and Ituata. Pumaqulluni lies southwest of the mountain Chullumpirini and north of the village and the lake named Pumaqulluni.
 The Novăț River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
 The Odense River (Danish: Odense Å) is a river located on the island of Funen in central Denmark. It is about 60 kilometers long and is named after the Funish capital Odense which it passes through. Boats can be rented by the river offering a scenic ride to Fruens Bøge. Excursion boats offer rides to Carlslund with jazz music some Saturdays during the Summer.During the Viking Age the fortress Nonnebakken ensured its controller supremacy over the river.
 Corte Madera Creek (Spanish for a place where wood is cut) is a 7.3-mile-long (11.7 km) creek that flows north-northwest to Searsville Dam and then joins with Bear Creek to form San Francisquito Creek in California. Historically it was called the Corte de Madera Creek and ran through Rancho Cañada del Corte de Madera and Rancho Corte de Madera land grants (the latter surrounding the former).
 Mount Aka (赤岳 Aka-dake) is a 2899m mountain on the border of Chino Hara of Nagano and Hokuto of Yamanashi in Japan. This mountain is the tallest mountain of Yatsugatake Mountains.
 At 244 metres (801 ft) War Down is one of the highest hills in the county of Hampshire England and the second highest summit in the Hampshire part of the South Downs. Just 1 kilometre to the northwest is the South Downs' highest point at Butser Hill (270 m).Much of the hill is covered in mixed forest and there is a trig point at 244 metres. There is a forest track over the summit. It is located in the Queen Elizabeth Country Park.
 Quiet Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. While no trails lead to the lake it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 047.Quiet Lake is northeast of Merriam Peak upstream of Baker and Noisy Lakes and downstream of Cornice Emerald Glacier and Rock Lakes.
 Bankhead Lake is a reservoir along the Black Warrior River that begins in Walker County in the state of Alabama. The lake forms the border between Jefferson and Tuscaloosa County as well as the border dividing Jefferson and Walker County. It eventually empties into Holt Lake.Bankhead Lock and Dam and its reservoir is a project of the United States Army Corps of Engineers while Alabama Power Company owns and operates the adjoining hydroelectric generating plant.
 Čvrsnica is a mountain in the Dinarides of Bosnia and Herzegovina located in northern Herzegovina most of the mountain is located in the Herzegovina-Neretva Canton municipalities of Mostar and Jablanica while the smaller part of the mountain around 10% is located in the municipality of Posušje.
 Cima da Lägh (also known as Cima di Lago) is a mountain in the Oberhalbstein Range of the Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. On its southern side it overlooks the Val Bregaglia.
 Ivankovo Reservoir or Ivankovskoye Reservoir (Russian: Ива́ньковское водохрани́лище) informally known as the Moscow Sea is the uppermost reservoir on the Volga River in Moscow and Tver Oblasts of Russia located some 130 km north of Moscow. The dam of the reservoir is situated in the town of Dubna. The town of Konakovo is located on its southern coast.
 Celemín Reservoir is a reservoir in Medina Sidonia province of Cádiz Andalusia Spain.
 The North Fork Clinch River is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 The Straits of Johor (also known as the Tebrau Strait Johor Strait Selat Johor Selat Tebrau and Tebrau Reach) is a strait that separates the Malaysian state of Johor on mainland Eurasia to the north from Singapore to the south.
 Slievemore (Irish: Sliabh Mór) is the highest peak on Achill Island in County Mayo Ireland. Its elevation is 671 metres.
 Centennial Lake is a man made 50-acre (200000 m2) reservoir in a 325-acre (1.32 km2) park in Howard County Maryland near Columbia Maryland and Clarksville known as Centennial Park. It was created by damming the Centennial Branch of the Little Patuxent River. The lake and the park feature a dam a wildlife area a walking trail boating fishing and other recreational activities.
 The Lenne is a river in the Sauerland area in North Rhine-Westphalia western Germany a left tributary of the Ruhr.Having its source on top of the Kahler Asten near Winterberg in an intermittent spring at an elevation of 2687 feet the Lenne ends after a course of 128 km flowing into the Ruhr river near the city of Hagen. With an average discharge of 25 m³/s near its mouth it is the main tributary of the Ruhr.
 Mistberget is a mountain in Akershus in southeastern Norway and is visible from most places in Romerike. Near the top is a fire tower dating from 1938 and a TV transmitter mast.From the fire watch tower on the top there is a wonderful view. The tower may seem flimsy and the thin iron stairs can seem daunting for most. The tower is however very safe and has been thoroughly checked.
 Hayward Lake is a lake and reservoir on the Stave River in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia Canada. Located in the District of Mission about 60 km east of Vancouver Hayward Lake is formed by Ruskin Dam which lies about 3 km upstream from the Stave River's confluence with the Fraser River at Ruskin which sits astride the Mission-Maple Ridge boundary.
 The Andraș Filip River (Hungarian: Fülöp András-patak) is a tributary of the Vinul River in Romania
 Salt Springs Reservoir is a reservoir in the eastern portions of Amador County and Calaveras County of California in the Sierra Nevada about 30 miles (48 km) east-northeast of Jackson. The reservoir is in the El Dorado National Forest at an elevation of 3900 feet (1200 m). The 141900 acre foot (175000000 m3) reservoir is formed by Salt Springs Dam on the North Fork of the Mokelumne River. The concrete-faced rock-fill dam is 332 feet (101 m) tall and was completed in 1931.
 Surya (Russian: Сурья) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Uls River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 21 km. It flows into the Uls River 56 km of its mouth.
 The Nautgardstind (official form on maps: Nautgardstinden) is a mountain in Norway at 2258 m above sea level. It is located within the municipality of Lom (in Oppland) in the Jotunheimen mountain area. It is situated on the absolute eastern flank of Jotunheimen between the Veodalen and Sjodalen Valleys and is the southernmost and highest summit on a rather long ridge containing six more 2000-m peaks.
 The Potinga River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 At 675 metres (2215 ft) the Hochkelberg is one of the ten highest mountains in the Vulkan Eifel in Germany. It is a former stratovolcano at the southern foot of which lies the Mosbrucher Weiher an explosion crater lake or maar. Below the summit of the Hochkelberg is a transmission tower.Originally the mountain which is visible today lay 200 metres below the surface.
 Stony Cove Pike (alternatively known as Caudale Moor /kʊərdeɪl mʊər/ or John Bell's Banner) is a fell in the Far Eastern part of the English Lake District. It stands on the other side of the Kirkstone Pass from Red Screes and is on the end of a ridge coming down from High Street. It is separated from its neighbours by the deep col of Threshthwaite Mouth so is a Marilyn – the sixteenth highest in the Lake District.
 The Nowlands Creek a watercourse of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands region in the state of New South Wales Australia.
 Morne Diablotins is the highest mountain in Dominica an island-nation in the Caribbean Lesser Antilles. It is the second highest mountain in the Lesser Antilles after La Grande Soufrière in Guadeloupe. Morne Diablotins is located in the northern interior of the island about 15 miles north of Dominica's capital Roseau and about 6 miles southeast of Portsmouth the island's second-largest town. It is located within Morne Diablotin National Park.The mountain is volcanic and last erupted c.
 Kostal Lake is a lake located in Wells Gray Provincial Park east-central British Columbia Canada. It is located west of Murtle Lake and east of Clearwater Lake.
 Karpinsky Group (Russian: Вулкан Карпинского) is a volcanic group located at the southern end of Paramushir Island Kuril Islands Russia. The group is capped by two gently sloping cones rising to a height of 1345 m. They are composed of andesites and andesite-basalts. In the two craters there are fumaroles and fountains of liquid sulfur. The last major and only historic eruption was in 1952.
 Dorah Pass also called Durah Pass connects Badakshan Province of Afghanistan with Chitral District in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pakistan. The Dorah Pass is more than 14000 feet (4300 m) high. It is located along the Durand Line border and crosses the Hindu Kush mountain range. Situated at the foot of the pass is Lake Dufferin also known locally as Hawz-i Dorah.
 Nine Standards Rigg is the summit of Hartley Fell in the Pennine Hills of England. It lies near the boundary between Cumbria and North Yorkshire a few miles south-east of Kirkby Stephen and approximately 770 yards (700 m) outside the Yorkshire Dales National Park. Nine Standards Rigg lies within the North Pennines Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB). The name is derived from a group of standing stones or cairns the Nine Standards located near the summit.
 Ford Green Brook flows through Staffordshire and the outlying areas of Stoke-on-Trent England. It is the first named tributary stream of the River Trent and is 6.2 miles (10 km) long.
 The Selennyakh (Russian: Селеннях) is a river in Sakha Republic Russia. It is a left tributary of the Indigirka River.
 Echo Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada range to the west of Lake Tahoe on the border of the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County California.
 The Ohikaiti River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north paralleling the course of the larger Ohikanui River which lies two kilometres to the west. The Ohikaiti empties into the Buller River at the Buller Gorge 15 kilometres southwest of Westport.
 The Paloșul River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
 The Da Farinha River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 Beinn na Caillich is a mountain in Knoydart in the West Highlands of Scotland. It is on the southern shore of Loch Hourn to the north-west of the Munro of Ladhar Bheinn.
 The Vègre (French: la Vègre) is an 82.7 km (51.4 mi) long river in the Sarthe département western France. Its source is near Rouessé-Vassé. It flows generally south. It is a right tributary of the Sarthe into which it flows near Avoise.
 Mount Quincan is a volcanic mountain near Yungaburra on the Atherton Tableland in Far North Queensland Australia.The extinct volcano is one of many cinder cones in the Atherton Tableland region.Quincan a type of Scoria is mined from the south west quadrant of the mountain. Quincan is used in road construction driveways weed control and domestic gardening.
 The Cașin River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Mount Oeta (/ˈɛtə/; Greek: Οίτη - Oiti also transcribed as Oite; older name: Καταβόθρα - Katavothra) is a mountain in southern Phthiotis and northern Phocis Greece. A southeastern offshoot of the Pindus range it forms the boundary between the valleys of the rivers Spercheios to the north the Boeotian Cephissus to the southeast and the Mornos to the southwest. It is 2152 m (7060 ft) high.
 The Lisenser Spitze (3230 m) is a mountain in the Stubai Alps of Austria.
 The Dublin Hills are a mountain range in Inyo County California.
 The Chester Canal was an English canal linking the south Cheshire town of Nantwich with the River Dee at Chester. It was intended to link Chester to Middlewich with a branch to Nantwich but the Trent and Mersey Canal were unco-operative about a junction at Middlewich and so the route to Nantwich was opened in 1779. There were also difficulties negotiating with the River Dee Company and with no possibility of through traffic the canal was uneconomic.
 The Sahwave Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County Nevada. The Sahwaves are a north – south trending range typical of the Basin and Range province. The Sahwaves are located in southwest Pershing County with the southernmost foothills extending into Churchill County. The range is approximately 22 miles (35 km) in length with a width of about 5 mi (8.0 km). The highest peak is Juniper Mountain with a peak elevation of 7474 feet (2278 m).
 Hakarimata Range is a range of hills on the western edge of Ngaruawahia township in the Waikato region of New Zealand lying along the Waikato River and Waipa River. The Hakarimata Range is separated from the Taupiri Range by the Taupiri Gorge through which the Waikato River flows.Parts of the range is protected as a scenic reserve. A community group the Hakarimata Restoration Trust created in 2001 is helping care for the range.
 The Lôbo d'Almada River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Großer Bastergraben is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Blatenský vrch (German: Plattenberg) is one of the mountains over 1000 metres high in the Ore Mountains of Central Europe in the immediate vicinity of Horní Blatná (Platten mining town).
 The Sidobre is a mountainous area located in the south of the Massif central in central France. It is a 15.3 km long 6.6 km wide plateau made of granite covered with forests. Its highest point is in the lieu-dit “Le Patau” (707 m.).
 The Delano Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County Nevada.
 Wet Lake (Jezioro Mokre) is a small lake (0.1 km long 0.5 km wide) in Poland situated in Kuyavia-Pomerania Voivodeship in Mogileński county in Dąbrowa commune surrounded with farmland. There are 4 nearby villages: Mokre Pałucka New Village Obudno and Dąbrowa (Mogileński county).
 Deka Lake is a freshwater body of water located in the Cariboo region of British Columbia. It is located in the Interlakes area. The lake holds two islands one of which is privately owned.
 The Jegălia River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Derchinger Baggersee is a lake in Swabia Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 464 m its surface area is 6 ha.
 Lake of the Woods (French: Lac des Bois) is a lake occupying parts of the Canadian provinces of Ontario and Manitoba and the U.S. state of Minnesota. It separates a small land area of Minnesota from the rest of the United States. The Northwest Angle and the town of Angle Township can only be reached from the rest of Minnesota by crossing the lake or by traveling through Canada. The Northwest Angle is the northernmost part of the contiguous United States.
 Speicherbecken Lohsa is a lake in Oberlausitz Saxony Germany. At an elevation of 110.6 m its surface area is 10.81 km².
 Mount Oliver was named in 1954 after Frank Oliver the founder of the Edmonton Bulletin. It is located in the Victoria Cross Ranges in Alberta.
 Vileyka Reservoir (Belarusian: Вілейскае вадасховішча Russian: Вилейское водохранилище) is a water reservoir in the Vileyka-Minsk water system. It is the largest artificial lake in Belarus.
 The Jangu River is a tributary of the Robești River in Romania.
 Abajo Peak is the highest peak in the Abajo Mountains of southeast Utah United States and is located in the Manti-La Sal National Forest. The summit is 7 miles (11 km) southwest of Monticello Utah and 23 miles (37 km) west of the Colorado border. The summit provides a panoramic view of southeastern Utah Colorado and the Four Corners region where Utah Arizona Colorado and New Mexico meet. There are several communication towers on the peak.
 Mount Thelwood is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 35 km (22 mi) southeast of Gold River and 9 km (6 mi) west of Mount Myra.
 Łysa Góra [ˈwɨsa ˈɡura] (Bald Mountain; also known as Łysiec or Święty Krzyż) is a well-known mountain in Świętokrzyskie Mountains Poland. With a height of 595 meters (1952 ft) it is the second highest mountain in that range (after Łysica at 612 meters or 2008 ft).
 Khecheopalri Lake originally known as Kha-Chot-Palri (meaning the heaven of Padmasambhava) is a sacred Lake for both Buddhists and Hindus which is believed to be a wish fulfilling lake. It is located near Khecheopalri village 147 kilometres (91 mi) west of Gangtok and 34 kilometres (21 mi) to the northwest of Pelling town in the West Sikkim district of the Northeastern Indian state of Sikkim. The local name for the lake is Sho Dzo Sho which means Oh Lady Sit Here.
 The Bezeklik Thousand Buddha Caves (Chinese: 柏孜克里千佛洞; pinyin: Bózīkèlǐ Qiānfódòng) is a complex of Buddhist cave grottos dating from the 5th to 14th century between the cities of Turpan and Shanshan (Loulan) at the north-east of the Taklamakan Desert near the ancient ruins of Gaochang in the Mutou Valley a gorge in the Flaming Mountains China.
 Groß Upahler See is a lake in the Rostock district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 40.9 m its surface area is 1.07 km².
 Piz Bianco (also known as Piz Alv) is a minor summit north of Piz Bernina in the Bernina Range of the Alps. It is located south of Pontresina in the canton of Graubünden.Culminating at 3995 metres Piz Bianco is the highest point of the snowy ridge named Biancograt (or Crast'Alva). The summit is often traversed by climbers on the way to Piz Bernina.
 The Koeye Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located between the Koeye River and Elizabeth Lake. It has an area of 68 square kilometres (26 sq mi) and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 The Woronora River is a perennial river of the Sydney Basin located in the Sutherland Shire local government area of Greater Metropolitan Sydney approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of the Sydney central business district in New South Wales Australia.
 L'Evêque is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking the Col Collon in the canton of Valais south of Mont Collon. With a height of 3716 meters above sea level it is one the highest summits in the Arolla valley.
 The Pintoyacu River is a river of Ecuador.
 Lough Conn (Irish: Loch Con) is a lake in County Mayo Ireland and covers about 14000 acres (57 km²). With its immediate neighbour to the south Lough Cullin it is connected to the Atlantic by the River Moy. Lough Conn is noted for its trout and salmon fishing.The ruins of an abbey exist at Errew.
 The Wilkethöchi (or simply Wilket) (1172 m) is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps overlooking Dicken in the canton of St. Gallen.
 The Cocaz River is a tributary of the Bârnaru River in Romania.
 Loch Ascog is a small reservoir on the east coast of the island of Bute in the council area of Argyll and Bute Scotland. The loch supplies water to the town of Rothesay and the fishing rights are held by the Isle of Bute Angling Association. Loch Ascog is 44.7 hectares (110 acres) in extent. To the west is the much larger Loch Fad.
 Grimsel Pass (German: Grimselpass) (el. 2165 m.) is a Swiss high mountain pass.
 Sawyer Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in Nares Strait by eastern Ellesmere Island. Benedict Glacier fills the head of the bay.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Aspy River is a river on northeastern Cape Breton Island which rises in the Cape Breton Highlands and empties into Aspy Bay. The river valley follows the ancient Aspy Fault which extends for 40 km inland from the coast and extends along the upper section of the northeast Margaree River. This geological fault is thought to be a part of the Cabot Fault (Newfoundland)/ Great Glen Fault (Scotland) system of Avalonia.It is believed by some sources that John Cabot landed at Aspy Bay in 1497.
 Mount Kimball is the highest mountain in the section of the eastern Alaska Range between Isabel Pass (traversed by the Richardson Highway) and Mentasta Pass (traversed by the Glenn Highway) about 30 miles from Paxson. It is one of the twenty most topographically prominent peaks in Alaska.
 The Popasele River or Trâncești River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mare River in Romania.
 For the valley with the same name in Nevada see Grass Valley (Lander-Eureka counties); for other uses see Grass ValleyThe Grass Valley of Pershing County Nevada is a 30-mile (48 km) long valley located in the county's northeast. The north section of the valley is part of the southwest portion of Winnemucca on the Humboldt River. Clear Creek flows down the valley center north-northwesterly and joins the Humboldt at Rose Creek Nevada 10-mi southwest of Winnemucca.
 Fersman is a large lunar impact crater on the Moon's far side. It lies to the east of the crater Poynting and west-northwest of Weyl. To the south is the huge walled plain Hertzsprung.This is a worn crater with a low outer rim. The southeast rim and the eastern interior floor are marked by ejecta deposits that trend from southeast to northwest.
 Mount Robson is the most prominent mountain in North America's Rocky Mountain range; it is also the highest point in the Canadian Rockies. The mountain is located entirely within Mount Robson Provincial Park of British Columbia and is part of the Rainbow Range. Mount Robson is the second highest peak entirely in British Columbia behind Mount Waddington in the Coast Range.
 Pizzo dell'Uomo is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located between Lai da Sontga Maria and Pizzo del Sole in the canton of Ticino. The border with the canton of Graubünden runs on the northern foot of the mountain although it lies on the main Alpine watershed between the basin of the Rhine and that of the Ticino.
 Larry's Lookout is located on Husband Hill Gusev Crater Mars. It is named after geologist Larry Crumpler.In 2005 Spirit a Mars Exploration Rover spent 70 sols ascending Larry's Lookout and then 4 sols taking panoramic photographs of the Tennessee Valley below.
 Blue Mountain is a ridge that forms the eastern edge of the Appalachian mountain range in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It cuts across the eastern half of the state from New Jersey to Maryland providing a distinct boundary between a number of Pennsylvania's geographical and cultural regions. To its northwest side are the southern and central mountains and valleys the coal region and the Poconos.
 Ellison is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon from the Earth. It is located just beyond the northwest limb of the Moon to the southwest of the large walled plain Poczobutt. Due west of Ellison is the crater Coulomb.The outer rim of Ellison is roughly circular with an inward protrusion along the southern rim and a slight outward bulge to the wet-northwest. It has a single terrace on the northeastern inner wall formed from the slumping of material.
 Aliyar (ஆழியாறு azhiyar) Reservoir is a 6.48 km2 (2.5 sq mi) reservoir located near Pollachi town in Coimbatore District Tamil Nadu South India. The dam is located in the foothills of Valparai in the Anamalai Hills of the Western Ghats. It is about 65 kilometres (40 mi) from Coimbatore. The dam offers some ideal getaways including a park garden aquarium play area and a mini Theme-Park maintained by Tamil Nadu Fisheries Corporation for visitors enjoyment.
 The Tulameen River is a tributary of the Similkameen River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The Tulameen River is part of the Columbia River drainage basin being a tributary of the Similkameen River which flows into the Okanagan River which flows into the Columbia River.
 The Hinterreintalschrofen is a 2669 m high peak on the main east-west oriented crest (the Teufelsgrat or Devil's Ridge) of the Wetterstein Mountains in the Eastern Alps. It is a massive and dominant mountain with a high rock face that plunges into the Reintal valley to the north and stamps the appearance of the Wetterstein when seen from the north. In spite of that the mountain is rarely climbed.
 Kilmar Tor is an elongated hill 396 metres (1299 ft) high and running from SW to NE on Bodmin Moor in the county of Cornwall England. Its prominence of 118 metres qualifies it as a HuMP.Kilmar Tor is located on the eastern side of Bodmin Moor about 2½ kilometres WSW of the hamlet of North Hill and 3½ kilometres north of Cornwall's highest village Minions. It is surmounted by granite tors. There is trig point at the summit as well as a cairn and cist.
 Engstlensee is a natural lake used as a reservoir in the municipality of Innertkirchen Bernese Oberland Switzerland. It is located near Joch Pass at an elevation of 1850 m. It can be reached by gondola and by foot from Titlis. The reservoir has a volume of 10.7 million m³ whereof 2 million m³ are used for electricity production. The lake's surface area is 0.44 km².
 Gide River (Swedish: Gideälven) is a river in Sweden.
 Lake Matano (Indonesian: Danau Matano) also known as Matana is a natural lake in South Sulawesi Indonesia. With a depth of 590 m (1940 ft) it is the deepest lake in Indonesia (ranked by maximum depth) and the 10th deepest lake in the world. The surface elevation from mean sea level is only 382 m (1253 ft) which means that the deepest portion of the lake is below sea level (cryptodepression). It is one of the two major lakes (the other being Lake Towuti) in the Malili Lake system.
 Sonsogor is the highest peak in the state of Goa India at an altitude of 1166 metres (3825 ft) above sea level. It is located in the taluk (county) of Sattari. It is also called Sonsogodd Darsingha or Darsinga. It is a part of the Western Ghats mountain range.
 Tallulah Falls Lake is a 63-acre (250000 m2) reservoir with 3.6 miles (5.8 km) of shoreline located in the Northeastern corner of Georgia in Rabun County. It is the fourth and smallest lake in a six-lake series created by hydroelectric dams operated by Georgia Power that follows the original course of the Tallulah River. The series starts upstream on the Tallulah River with Lake Burton followed by Lake Seed Lake Rabun Tallulah Falls Lake Lake Tugalo and Lake Yonah.
 Roosevelt Lake is a lake in the southern part of the city of Providence Rhode Island.
 The Salzburg Slate Alps (German: Salzburger Schieferalpen) are a group of mountains in the Central Eastern Alps in the Austrian state of Salzburg. Situated within the greywacke zone they are also regarded as part of the Northern Limestone Alps.The range is located between the Kitzbühel Alps the continuation of the greywacke zone beyond Lake Zeller and Saalach river in the west and the Dachstein massif in the east.
 Emi Koussi is a high pyroclastic shield volcano that lies at the south end of the Tibesti Mountains in the central Sahara of northern Chad. It is the highest mountain in Chad and the highest in the Sahara. The volcano is one of several in the Tibesti massif and reaches 3445 metres (11302 ft) in altitude rising 2.3 km (1.4 mi) above the surrounding sandstone plains. The volcano is 60 by 80 km wide.Two nested calderas cap the volcano the outer one being about 12 by 15 km in size.
 The Plai River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Valea Baiului River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
 Steinfurter Aa is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Adams Mountain (variant name: Adams Knob) is a mountain near the unincorporated community of Collettsville North Carolina. It is situated wholly within Pisgah National Forest. It reaches 2490 feet (759 m) and is nearby Brown Mountain Ridge which is known for its mysterious Brown Mountain Lights. Adams Mountain generates feeder streams for the Catawba River.
 Comalapa River (Rio Comalapa) is a medium sized stream in La Paz El Salvador which has large to very large quantities of fresh water year round especially from early May through October.
 The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Calva River in Romania.
 Jacobs Pond is a 59-acre (240000 m2) pond in Norwell Massachusetts. The pond is located alongside Assinippi a village in neighboring Hanover. Route 123 runs along the southern shore of the pond. The pond is the headwaters of Third Herring Brook a tributary of the North River which is the town line between Norwell and the eastern boundary of Hanover. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish in the pond.
 The Cărbunarea de Sus River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Snake River is a 5.1-mile-long (8.2 km) tributary of the Portage River (Keweenaw Waterway) on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. Via the Portage River its water flows to Lake Superior.
 Hamlin Valley is a mostly north-south trending valley of the Great Basin located on both sides of the Nevada–Utah state line. It is about 60 miles (97 km) long. Its north-northeast end point adjacent the state line is the southwest start region of the Snake Valley (Great Basin).
 Monte Piambello is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 1125 metres above sea level.
 Schlossberg (Burg) is a hill in Brandenburg Germany.
 Parumer See is a lake in Mecklenburg Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 3.6 m its surface area is 2.07 km².
 Tupper Lake is a lake in New York in the USA. The lake is in the Adirondack Park and crosses the county lines of St. Lawrence County and Franklin County. Tupper Lake was discovered by Native Americans indigenous to the area around the 16th century. The first white man to see it was Ansel Tupper a land surveyor. Ironically he later drowned there while fishing because a deceitful Native American named Jev loosened the planks in Tupper's canoe.
 Mont Tournier is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Jura range. It has an elevation of 877 metres (2877 ft) above sea level.
 The Bosut (Serbian Cyrillic: Босут) is a river in eastern Croatia and northwestern Serbia a 186 km long left tributary of the Sava river.
 Mountain Lake is a lake situated in southern Adirondack Park in Bleecker New York. It is located just east of Great Sacandaga Lake. The lake was called Carpenter's Lake in the 19th century. The lake contains one small island Elmer Island located towards the western end. There is a dam on the northwestern end of the lake. Its outlet flows into Vandenburgh Pond.
 The Sinești River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 The Bălășina River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 Heinrich is a small lunar impact crater on the Mare Imbrium a lunar mare in the northwest quadrant of the Moon's near side. It is a circular bowl-shaped formation very similar to many other craters of comparable size on the Moon.Heinrich lies to the southwest of the prominent crater Timocharis and was previously designated as Timocharis A before being given its current name by the IAU.
 The Ogașu Ursului is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Barton River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise on the edge of the Carson Escarpment where it meets the Barton plain and flows in a westerly direction until it discharges into the Drysdale River of which it is a tributary.The traditional owners of the areas around the river are the Miwa peoples.The river was named in 1901 by government surveyor Frederick Slade Drake-Brockman after the first Prime Minister of Australia Edmund Barton.
 The Ratones River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Mount McKelvie is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada 10 km (6 mi) northeast of Tahsis and 13 km (8 mi) northwest of Mount Bate.
 The Okuru River is located on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand. It flows northwest for 45 kilometres from its headwaters in the Southern Alps to the west of the Haast Pass to the Tasman Sea at the northern end of Jackson Bay 12 kilometres south of Haast.The river shares its mouth with the Turnbull River. The settlement of Okuru is set on the bank of the river close to its mouth.The Open Bay Islands lie five kilometres offshore opposite the mouth.
 Poor Mountain is a ridge of high peaks located in Roanoke County Virginia and Montgomery County Virginia. At 3928 feet Poor Mountain is the tallest mountain in the immediate area. The mountain was named in honor of Major Enoch Poor who served in the French & Indian War 1754-63.
 Loíza Lake or Lago Loíza is a reservoir located in the municipality of Trujillo Alto Puerto Rico. It was formed by construction of the Carraízo Dam on the Río Grande de Loíza. It serves as the main source for the water supply of the San Juan metropolitan area.
 Breitenberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Flint River (St. Mary Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.
 The Baetic System (Spanish: Sistema Bético) is one of the main system of mountain ranges in Spain. Located in the southern and eastern Iberian Peninsula it is also known as the Baetic Cordillera Baetic Ranges or Baetic Mountains. The name of the mountain system derives from the ancient Roman region of Baetica one of the Imperial Roman provinces of ancient Hispania.
 Stetind or Stetinden (Lule Sami: Stádda) is a mountain in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county Norway. It is located about 15 kilometres (9 mi) northeast of the village of Kjøpsvik. The mountain has very smooth sides reaching all the way to the fjord. Stetind has an obelisk-shape which gives it a very distinct look. In 2002 it was voted to be the National Mountain of Norway by listeners of NRK.
 Tamiang River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.
 Bystrzyca is a river of Poland a left tributary of the Oder which it meets a few kilometers north (downstream) from Wrocław.The Bystrzyca was dammed in 1917 near the village of Lubachów to create Lake Lubachowskie and dammed at Mietków in 1974 to create the large reservoir Zalew Mietkowski. The river also forms the western boundary of the Owl Mountains range in the Central Sudetes.Among its tributaries is the Strzegomka.
 Mount Aragats (Armenian: Արագած also: Ալագյազ - Alagyaz) is a large andesitic-to-dacitic stratovolcano in northwest Armenia about 40 km northwest of the capital city of Yerevan. It is the highest point in Armenia located in the province of Aragatsotn northwest from Yerevan. On its slopes are the Byurakan Observatory and the medieval Amberd Fortress.
 Kosva (Russian: Ко́сьва) is a river in Perm Krai and Sverdlovsk Oblast Russia left tributary of the Kama River. It is 283 km long with a drainage basin of 6300 km².The river starts in the western portion of Sverdlovsk Oblast as a confluence of Bolshaya Kosva (Large Kosva) flowing from the Pravdinsky Rock and Malaya Kosva (Small Kosva) flowing form the southern slope of the Kosvinsky Rock. It flows towards the west and ends up in a bay of the Kama Reservoir.
 Dogyongsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 955.5 metres.
 The Itombwe Mountains (or Itombwe Massif Plateau) are a range of mountains in the South Kivu province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). They run along the west shore of the northern part of Lake Tanganyika. They contain a vast area of contiguous montane forest and are home to a rich diversity of wildlife.
 National grid reference NR64128867The Ardlussa Fishing Loch is an impounding reservoir located 2 kilometres north of Lussagiven on a remote part of the Ardlussa Estate. The earthen dam is 5.5 metres high and was completed in 1900.
 Batizovský štít is a double-peak 2448 metres high mountain in the High Tatras in Slovakia. It is named after the village of Batizovce because until 1947 it lay within its cadastral area.It isn't accessible for tourists by a marked trail but trail passes around the Batizovské pleso lake under the mountain.
 Col de la Givrine (el. 1228 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland near the border with France.It connects Nyon in Switzerland and Morez in France. The maximum grade of the pass road is 8 percent. The pass is crossed by the Nyon–St-Cergue–La Cure railway although the railway stops at the French border. It is the highest railway in the Jura Mountains.
 The Mount Kapaz or Kepez (Azerbaijani: Kəpəz dağı) is a mountain in Lesser Caucasus near Ganja city in central Azerbaijan. Kapaz rises 3065 meters above the sea level. It is located next to Lake Göygöl and its huge rocks broken off the mount and blocking a nearby river in 1139 earthquake were a cause for creation of the lake.
 The Șipotu River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania.
 The River Witham is a river almost entirely in the county of Lincolnshire in the east of England. It rises south of Grantham close to South Witham at SK8818 passes Lincoln at SK9771 and at Boston TF3244 flows into The Haven a tidal arm of The Wash near RSPB Frampton Marsh. The name Witham seems to be extremely old and of unknown origin. Archaeological and documentary evidence shows the importance of the Witham as a navigation from the Iron Age onwards.
 The Palani Hills (Tamil: பழனி மலை) (also Palani Hills) are a mountain range in Tamil Nadu state of South India. The Palani Hills are an eastward extension of the Western Ghats ranges which run parallel to the west coast of India. The Palani Hills adjoin the high Anamalai range on the west and extend east into the plains of Tamil Nadu covering an area of 2068 square kilometres (798 sq mi).
 The Dobreasca is a tributary of the Lăzești River in Romania.
 Llyn Cwm Buchan is a lake in north Wales and is one of the sources of the River Artro which flows south westwards through Llanbedr and onwards to the sea.
 The Trandafir River is a tributary of the Murguşa River in Romania.
 The Findel Glacier (German: Findelgletscher) is a valley glacier in the Monte Rosa massif east of Zermatt in the Pennine Alps. It has a length of 8 km (5.0 mi) and covers an area of 19 km2 (7.3 sq mi). The starting point of the Findel Glacier is on the Cima di Jazzi at 3803 m (12477 ft) above sea level on the border between Switzerland and Italy. From there the glacier flows to the west between the Rimpfischhorn and Strahlhorn on the north and the Stockhorn on the south.
 Lac Lioson is a lake in the municipality of Ormont-Dessous near Les Mosses in the canton of Vaud Switzerland. Its surface area is 7 ha. The lake is used for fishing and ice diving.
 Foss Glacier is within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness of Snoqualmie National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the northeast slope of Mount Hinman. Foss Glacier retreated almost 500 m (1600 ft) between 1950 and 2005. Foss Glacier is separated from the nearly vanished Hinman Glacier to the west by a ridge.
 Monte Volturino is a mountain of Basilicata Italy.
 Gyejoksan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 429 metres.
 The Col de Portet d'Aspet is a mountain pass in the central Pyrenees in the department of Haute-Garonne in France. It is situated on the D618 road between Aspet and Saint-Girons . At 1069 metres (3507 ft) it connects the Ger and Bouigane valleys on the slopes of the Pic de Paloumère (1608 m).
 Luodis Lake is situated in Zarasai district municipality Lithuania. Lake contains two large islands. Town of Salakas is situated near the lake.
 Puka Urqu (Quechua puka red urqu mountain red mountain hispanicized spelling Pucaorjo) is a mountain in the Urupampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is situated in the Cusco Region Calca Province Lares District. Its summit is 4776 metres (15669 ft) above sea level. Puka Urqu is situated northeast of the mountain Siriwani northwest of the mountain Sawasiray and east of the mountain Paru Urqu at the Lares trek. One of the nearest populated places is Kiswarani (Quishuarani).
 Lago delle Lame is a lake in the Province of Genova Liguria Italy.
 Selangor River is a major river in Selangor Malaysia. It runs from Kuala Kubu Bharu in the east and empties into the Straits of Malacca at Kuala Selangor in the west.
 Prashar Lake lies 49 km north of Mandi Himachal Pradesh India with a three storied pagoda-like temple dedicated to the sage Prashar. The lake is located at a height of 2730 m above sea level. With deep blue waters the lake is held sacred to the sage Prashar and he is regarded to have meditated there.
 The Patagonia Mountains is a 15 mile long mountain range south of the Santa Rita Mountains. Sonoita Creek flows in the valley north of the Patagonias. Both ranges are east of the Santa Cruz River Valley. Nogales Arizona and Nogales Sonora lie to the southwest of the Patagonias; the continuation of the Patagonia Mountains extends southwards into Mexico and are named Sierra San Antonio a mountain range of about 10 miles but tapering into lower elevations.
 The Khost-Gardez Pass known locally as the Seti-Kandow Pass and frequently abbreviated as the K-G Pass is the main land route connecting Khost and Gardez the capital of Paktia province in Afghanistan. The pass currently consists of a rutted dirt road though it is slowly being improved by construction crews as part of the international reconstruction effort in Afghanistan.
 Sok (Russian: Сок) is a river in Samara and Orenburg Oblasts Russia a left tributary of the Volga River. It flows southwest to meet the Samara Bend of the Volga near Sokolyi Mountains north of the city of Samara. The major tributary is Kondurcha River.
 For other Rivers Calder see River Calder (disambiguation).The Calder River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.The river rises in the Elizabeth and Catherine Range and flows in a southerly direction eventually veering west along the northern edge of the Munja Aboriginal Reserve and discharging into the Indian Ocean via Walcott Inlet.There are five tributaries to the Calder River; Tims Creek Red Bull Creek Bachsten Creek Neville Creek and Brockman River.Europeans first discovered the river in 1901 when the surveyor Frederick Slade Drake-Brockman came across the river while on an expedition in the area close to the river's mouth. 
 The Menzelya (Russian: Мензеля; Tatar Cyrillic: Минзәлә Latin: Minzälä) is a river in Tatarstan Russian Federation a former left-bank tributary of the Ik River now falls into the Nizhnekamsk Reservoir. Its length is 147 km and its drainage basin is 2120 km². It origins 2 km west of Novy Menzelyabash Sarmanovsky District Tatarstan.Major tributaries are Kholodnaya Kamyshly Iganya Urguda Rivers. The maximal mineralization 400-800 mg/l. Average sediment in mouth per year reach 100 mm.
 Village Creek (Neches River) is a river in Texas. It a branch of the Neches River.
 Chefna is a river of Belgium. It springs in Ville-au-bois and flows for 5 kilometres through the province of Liège before debouching ino the Amblève.Around 1802 several farmers started looking for gold in the river and on the right bank the pits of a primitive goldmine can be found although they have been mostly overgrown.
 The Negruța River is a tributary of the Someșul Rece River in Romania.
 Lake Nyos is a crater lake in the Northwest Region of Cameroon located about 315 km (196 mi) northwest of Yaoundé. Nyos is a deep lake high on the flank of an inactive volcano in the Oku volcanic plain along the Cameroon line of volcanic activity. A volcanic dam impounds the lake waters.A pocket of magma lies beneath the lake and leaks carbon dioxide (CO2) into the water changing it into carbonic acid.
 Salgado River (Alagoas) is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Jacuipe River.
 El Aguajito (also called Santa Ana caldera) is a caldera volcano located on the Gulf of California in Mexico.It is located between the Tres Virgenes volcano and the La Reforma caldera.
 Binghu Cave (simplified Chinese: 冰壶洞; traditional Chinese: 冰壺洞; literally Cold Water Jug Cave) is a karst cave located some 8 km (5.0 mi) from Jinhua City Zhejiang Province People's Republic of China.
 The Mologa (Russian: Молога) is a river in Maksatikhinsky Bezhetsky Lesnoy and Sandovsky Districts of Tver Oblast Pestovsky District in Novgorod Oblast and Ustyuzhensky and Cherepovetsky Districts in Vologda Oblast Russia. It is a left tributary of the Volga River. The lower course of the Mologa has been turned into the Rybinsk Reservoir. It is 456 kilometres (283 mi) long and the area of its basin 29700 square kilometres (11500 sq mi).
 Saraghrar is the fourth highest independent peak in the Hindu Kush. The entire Saraghrar massif is a huge irregular stretched plateau at elevation around 7000 m (22966 ft) lying above vertical granite and ice faces which protect it all around. Its distinct summits are poorly identified and information gathered from expeditions that have visited the area is often misleading.
 The Tesino (Latin: Tessuinum) is a 37 km Italian river which flows through the region of Marche. It is born on the slopes of Monte La Torre near Force in the Province of Ascoli Piceno and enters the Adriatic near Grottammare
 The Takiritawai River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. A short river of approximately 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) it flows from the confluence of the Okana and Okuti Rivers to feed the top of Lake Forsyth at the southwest of Banks Peninsula.
 Straumfjordvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Steigen in Nordland county Norway. The 3.72-square-kilometre (1.44 sq mi) lake lies about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) east of the village of Bogen.
 The River Idle is a river in Nottinghamshire England. Its source is the confluence of the River Maun and River Meden near Markham Moor. From there it flows north through Retford and Bawtry before entering the River Trent at Stockwith near Misterton. The county boundary with South Yorkshire follows the river for a short distance near Bawtry and the border with Lincolnshire does the same at Idle Stop.
 Balboa is a lunar crater that is located near the western limb of the Moon. Due to foreshortening the crater appears highly oval when viewed from the Earth. In actuality however the formation is relatively circular. It is comparable in size to the crater Dalton located just to the southwest. The eastern rim of Balboa lies just to the west of the Oceanus Procellarum.The rim of Balboa is worn and eroded with the most intact sections along the eastern and western edges.
 Picacho del Diablo is the highest peak on the Baja California peninsula measuring 3096 metres (10157 ft). It is alternately called Cerro de la Encantada Hill of the Enchanted. The peak is located in the Sierra de San Pedro Mártir in the Mexican state of Baja California.
 Umari River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Illaksan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 521 metres.
 The Vienna Woods (German: Wienerwald) are forested highlands that form the northeastern foothills of the Northern Limestone Alps in the states of Lower Austria and Vienna. The 45 kilometres (28 mi) long and 20–30 kilometres (12–19 mi) wide range of hills is heavily wooded and a popular recreation area with the Viennese.
 The Willapa River is a river on the Pacific coast of southwestern Washington in the United States approximately 20 miles (32 km) long. It drains an area of low hills and a coastal plain into Willapa Bay a large estuary north of the mouth of the Columbia River.The river rises in the Willapa Hills in southeastern Pacific County approximately 25 miles (40 km) west of Chehalis. It flows northwest in a winding course past the small communities of Willapa and Raymond.
 Les Droites (4000 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the French Alps and is the lowest of the 4000-metre peaks in the Alps. The mountain has two summits: West summit (3984 m) first ascent by W. A. B.
 The Pârâul Catolic is a tributary of the Valea Morii River in Romania.
 Lake Altham is a lake in Western Australia. It is located at 33°23′S 118°26′E in the Shire of Kent. Biogeographically it is part of the Western Mallee subregion of the Mallee region of the South West Botanic Province. It has an area of about 2.4 square kilometres (0.9 mi²). It is one of four lakes in the area comprising the Lake Grace System a DIWA-listed wetland of national importance.
 The Mamu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It joins the Olt River through the Oporelu Canal
 The Saja is a river in the autonomous community of Cantabria northern Spain. It flows into the Bay of Biscay. Part of its course is inside the Saja-Besaya Natural ParkThe Saja's source is at 1700 meters above sea level and it flows rapidly through a steep V-shaped basin during the first kilometers.
 Aiguille du Grand Fond is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Beaufortain Massif range. It has an elevation of 2920 metres above sea level.
 The Goleț River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Lake Bullen Merri is a brackish crater lake near Camperdown in Victoria Australia. It has a maximum depth of 66 metres with a clover leaf outline indicating that it was probably formed by two overlapping maar volcanoes. The lake is depicted in beautiful work by Eugene von Guerard. The edge of the lake was marked by a stone in the late 1800s by James Dawson; from this and von Guerard's painting it is obvious that the level of the lake has dropped considerably in the last 100 years.
 The Mulchatna River is a 160-mile (260 km) tributary of the Nushagak River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning at Turquoise Lake it flows generally southwest to meet the larger river 65 miles (105 km) northeast of Dillingham.
 Beaver Lake Yarmouth is a lake of Yarmouth District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Șar River ( Hungarian: Sár-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. Its name originates from the Hungarian sár meaning “mud” so the Hungarian name means “Muddy Creek”.
 The Peak of Puigmal (Catalan pronunciation: [ˌpudʒˈmaɫ]) also called Puigmal d'Err is a mountain in the Pyrenees in the Spanish-French border within the limits of the municipality of Queralbs and the commune of Err. Its summit is 2909.6 metres (9546 ft) above sea level one of the highest peaks in the eastern Pyrenees.
 The Scocul Drăcșanului River or Drăcșanu River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
 The East River is a small headwaters tributary of the Saint Louis River in northern Minnesota United States. The East River 3.0 miles (4.8 km) long flows (along with the North River) into Seven Beaver Lake the source of the St. Louis River.
 Beinn an Dòthaidh (from the Gaelic for 'hill of the scorching or singeing') is a mountain located in the Bridge of Orchy hills of Argyll and Bute Scotland. It is located beside the more popular Beinn Dòrain.
 Lyell is a lunar crater that lies along the eastern edge of the Mare Tranquillitatis at the northern arm of the bay designated Sinus Concordiae. To the north along the edge of the lunar mare is the crater Franz. The region of terrain to the east of Lyell is named Palus Somni.The outer rim of this crater is an irregular series of ridges in a roughly circular formation. There are multiple gaps through this rim connected the interior to the mare in the west.
 The Columbia Icefield is an icefield located in the Canadian Rockies astride the Continental Divide of North America. The icefield lies partly in the northwestern tip of Banff National Park and the southern end of Jasper National Park. It is about 325 km² in area 100 to 365 metres (328 to 1197 ft) in depth and receives up to seven metres (275 in) of snowfall per year.
 The River Don is a river in Brittany France. It is a tributary of the River Vilaine.
 Kerkis or Kerketeus (Greek Modern: Κέρκης Kérkis; Ancient: Κερκετεύς Kerketeús) is an extinct volcano forming the bulk of the center of the Greek island of Samos. Its highest peak named Vigla (Βίγλα) its maximum elevation is 1433 m (4701 ft) making it the second-highest peak in the East Aegean (after Fengari on Samothrace).
 Piz Picuogl is a mountain of the Albula Alps located between Mulegns and the Val Bever in Graubünden. On its northern side lies the glacier Vadret da Calderas. On the same ridge is located the lower summit Tschima da Flix.
 Bell Creek (also known as Escorpión Creek) is a 10-mile-long (16 km) tributary of the Los Angeles River in the Simi Hills of Ventura County and the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles County and City in Southern California.
 Alexander Lake is a lake in South Central Alaska located at head of Alexander Creek (Susitna River) 46 miles (74 km) North of Tyonek Alaska on Cook Inlet Low.
 Quepe River is a river of Chile located in the La Araucanía Region. It originates in the lake of the same name in the vicinity of Llaima volcano. Then flows about 112 km to join the Cautín River near the locality of Almagro only a few kilometres upstream of the confluence of the rivers Cautín and Chol Chol point of origin of the Imperial River.
 Harvey is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon from the Earth. It lies astride the eastern rim of the much larger crater Mach and the outer rampart of Harvey extends part way across the interior floor. Some distance to the north of Harvey is the crater Joule and equally far to the east-southeast is Kekulé.The rim of Harvey is mildly eroded and a small craterlet lies in the western part of the interior floor. There is a low central peak at the midpoint.
 Baltoro Kangri (also known as the Golden Throne) is a mountain of the Karakoram mountain range in Gilgit-Baltistan Pakistan. Baltoro Kangri is the 82nd highest mountain in the world with an elevation of 7312 metres (23990 ft). It lies to the south of the Gasherbrums and east of Chogolisa Peak (7665 m). The huge Baltoro Glacier (which is one of the largest glaciers outside polar regions) rises from the foot of Baltoro Kangri. In the north of Baltoro Kangri is the Abruzzi Glacier.
 Hessilhead Loch or Hazelhead Loch was situated in a low lying area near the old Castle of Hessilhead in the Parish of Beith North Ayrshire Scotland. The old loch used in the defence of the castle was probably infilled when the castle ruins were landscaped in the 19th century.
 Mount Balfour is a mountain located on the Continental Divide part of the border between British Columbia and Alberta in the Waputik Range in the Park Ranges of the Canadian Rockies.It is the 49th highest peak in Alberta and the 63rd highest in British Columbia; it is also the 52nd most prominence in Alberta.The mountain was named by James Hector in 1859 after Professor John Hutton Balfour a Scottish botanist and instructor at the University of Edinburgh where Hector had studied.
 Mutus is a lunar crater that is located in the rugged southern part of the Moon. It lies to the north-northeast of the larger crater Manzinus and some distance to the south of Hommel. It is 78 kilometers in diameter and 3.7 kilometers deep. It is from the Pre-Nectarian period 4.55 to 3.92 billion years ago.The outer rim of Mutus is worn and eroded with a pair of small but notable craters Mutus A and Mutus V lying across the eastern rim.
 The Ursoaia River is a tributary of the Sărăţel River in Romania.
 The Negovanu River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Lamandau River (Indonesian: Sungai Lamandau) is a river of Kalimantan southern-central Borneo Indonesia. Downstream after passing the village of Nanga Bulik it becomes the Kotawaringin River.The valley formed by the river and its tributary has an ancient Kotawarinjin town and also gold and gems stones mining areas. In the upper reaches of the tributary valley of Arut River the Panhakalnbun town flourishing on its banks.
 Lake Walter E. Long is a power plant cooling reservoir on Decker Creek in Austin Texas USA. The reservoir was officially impounded in 1967 and serves to provide water for turbines used in the production of electricity from petroleum-based fuels. The dam and the lake are managed by the City of Austin. Surrounding Lake Walter E. Long is the city of Austin's Lake Walter E. Long Metropolitan Park a popular recreational destination.Lake Walter E. Long is also known as Decker Lake.
 The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Severn River is in the South Island of New Zealand. The headwaters of the river are in the Raglan Range and it flows into the Acheron River. One of its tributaries is the Alma River.
 Mount Miwa (三輪山 Miwa-yama) or Mount Mimoro (三諸山 Mimoro-yama) is a mountain located in the city of Sakurai Nara Prefecture Japan. It has been an important religious and historical mountain in Japan especially during its early history and serves as a holy site in Shinto. The entire mountain is considered sacred and is home to one of the earliest Shinto shrines Ōmiwa Shrine.
 Barton Creek is a tributary that feeds the Colorado River as it flows through the Texas Hill Country. The creek passes through some of the more scenic areas in Greater Austin and forms a greenbelt that is the habitat for many indigenous species of flora and fauna including at least seven endangered species of plants.The creek begins in northern Hays County and flows 40 miles (64 km) east through Austin to Lady Bird Lake (formerly Town Lake) where it merges with the Colorado River.
 Seibertsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Gouin Reservoir (in French: Réservoir Gouin) is a man-made lake in the central portion of the Canadian province of Quebec fully within the boundaries of the City of La Tuque. It is not one contiguous body of water but the collective name for a series of connected lakes separated by innumerable bays peninsulas and islands with highly irregular shapes. It has therefore a relative long shoreline of over 5600 km (excluding islands) compared to its surface area of 1570 km².
 Lake Tudu is a lake of Estonia.
 Diesel's Delight is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Lake Manix is a former lake fed by the Mojave River in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California.
 Lake Sebu is a natural lake located in the municipality of Lake Sebu South Cotabato and within the Alah Valley region. The Philippine government has recognized it as one of the country's most important watersheds. Lake Sebu is one of the many bodies of water supplying important irrigation to the provinces of Sultan Kudarat and South Cotabato. The villages around the lake have been turned into an independent municipality called Lake Sebu after being a former village of Surallah.
 Haweswater Beck flows through Cumbria in England. It arises as a stream discharge from Haweswater Reservoir at Gill Dubs just east of the dam and flows eastward just north of Firth Woods and then turns north to join the River Lowther between Bampton and Bampton Grange.Below Burnbanks near the Haweswater Dam it is crossed by Naddle Old Bridge (a disused Grade II listed 18th-century road bridge) and a little further downstream (at NY515161) by Park Bridge a packhorse bridge.
 The Chepo River is a river of Panama in the Chepo District of Panama Province. It drains into the Pacific Ocean.
 The Kassianspitze (Italian: Cima di San Cassiano; German: Kassianspitze) is a mountain in the Sarntal Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Stefan is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon just beyond the northwestern limb. Attached to the western rim is the slightly smaller crater Wegener and close to the eastern rim is Rynin.As with many craters of this size on the Moon the outer rim has been worn by impact erosion and the edge and inner wall are generally pitted with small craterlets. The southern edge of the rim in particular has been damaged by impacts and is overlain by the satellite crater Stefan L.
 The Livingston Range is a mountain range located primarily in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana and in the extreme southeastern section of the Canadian province of British Columbia. The range is 36 miles (58 km) long and 28 miles (45 km) wide. Over 15 summits exceed 9000 ft (2700 m) above sea level and the highest point is Kintla Peak at 10101 feet (3079 m).
 Laq'a Jawira (Aymara laq'a earth (soil) jawira river earth river; hispanicized spellings: Laca Jahuira / Lacajahuira) is a river in Bolivia which runs from Lake Poopó. Its length is entirely within the territory of Oruro Department.It runs from the extreme south-west of the lake and heads west-south-west. It has a length of 135 kilometres after which it is lost in the salar de Coipasa. Its waters are salty at the point at which it meets the lake.
 Ruthebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Briggs Reservoir is a 17-acre (6.9 ha) reservoir in Plymouth Massachusetts located in Billington Sea village south of that pond. The reservoir suffers from shoreline erosion and the water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants in the reservoir.There is another Briggs Reservoir located within Plymouth's boundaries in the Manomet section of town.
 The Horomanga River is a river of the northeastern North Island of New Zealand. The river flows north through Te Urewera National Park reaching its confluence with the Rangitaiki River 12 kilometres north of Murupara. There is a walking track through the forested section of the river and Midway Hut is located about 7 km upstream from where the river leaves the Ikawhenua Range.
 Beaver Creek is a 58-mile (93 km) long tributary of Camas Creek in the U.S. state of Idaho. Beginning at an elevation of 7367 feet (2245 m) near Monida Pass in northern Clark County it flows generally south through the communities of Humphrey Spencer and Dubois. Continuing into Jefferson County it reaches its mouth north of the town of Hamer at an elevation of 4810 feet (1466 m). It is roughly paralleled by Interstate 15 for its entire length.
 The Lalana River is a river of Mexico.
 The Gonțu River is a tributary of the Bolovăniş River in Romania.
 Oberbek is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Iazul între Văi River is a tributary of the Sineşti River in Romania.
 Mud Lake is a lake located in Sierra County within the U.S. state of New Mexico.
 The crater Oskison is located in the far northern hemisphere of Mercury in the plains north of Caloris basin. Oskison is a distinctive crater with a large central peak that exposes material excavated from depth. Many chains of secondary craters are visible radiating from Oskison outward onto the surrounding smooth plains.
 The Kiswar Lakes (Quechua: Kiswar quchakuna) are a group of lakes in the La Libertad Region in Peru.
 Qua Iboe River or Kwa Ibo River is a river in Nigeria.
 Sharavati is a river which originates and flows entirely within the state of Karnataka in India. It is one of the few westward flowing rivers of India and a major part of the river basin lies in the Western Ghats. The famous Jog Falls are formed by this river. The river itself and the region around it are rich in biodiversity and are home to many rare species of flora and fauna.
 Smithers Lake is a lake in Fort Bend County Texas. It is located ten miles (16 km) southeast of Richmond. It is near the Brazos River.The project is owned and operated by NRG Energy as the cooling-water supply for a steam-electric generating station W. A. Parish Electric Generating Station. It was previously owned by the Houston Lighting and Power Company. Construction was started on August 22 1956 and was completed on July 1 1957.
 The Homorodul Mic River is a headwater of the Homorod River in Romania.
 The Căiuțul Mic River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Rossland Range is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains of the Columbia Mountains located between the Columbia River and Big Sheep Creek in British Columbia Canada.
 The Rivière Fond Bourlet is a river of Martinique.
 Big Sage Reservoir is an artificial lake in Modoc County California and Modoc National Forest. Its waters are impounded by Big Sage Dam which was completed in 1921.
 Moelwyn Bach is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales and forms part of the Moelwynion. It is connected to its parent peak Moelwyn Mawr via the Craigysgafn ridge. It overlooks the town of Blaenau Ffestiniog and the Vale of Ffestiniog.
 Valley Creek is a 10.8-mile-long (17.4 km) tributary of the Schuylkill River in eastern Chester County Pennsylvania United States flowing through an area known as the Great Valley.Around 1740 a forge was erected along Valley Creek near its confluence with the Schuylkill. This gave rise to the community of Valley Forge. Later the creek powered a saw mill and grist mill there. In 1777 the forge and mills were destroyed by the British Army during the American Revolutionary War.
 The Pium River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The River Cary is a river in Somerset England.The River Cary has its source at Park Pond in Castle Cary and then flows southwest through Cary Moor to Babcary where there is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest at Babcary Meadows and Cary Fitzpaine. It then flows northwest through Charlton Mackrell to the north of Somerton passing under the Somerton Viaduct. Here the river channel has been straightened and drains the surrounding wetland as it heads north to Kings Sedge Moor.
 The Pârâul Ilcii is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 The source of the Waitara River lies in the very steep hill country to the east of Mount Taranaki/Egmont near Tahora. After proceeding in a southwesterly direction toward Central Taranaki the river abruptly turns to flow in a northwesterly direction to the Tasman Sea: meeting it at the coastal town of Waitara.The river once had a dock in Waitara where export meat from the town's Thos. Borthwick & Sons freezing-works was loaded onto ships.
 Jäglitz is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Walton Mountains is an isolated chain of three predominantly snow-covered mountain masses rising to about 1450 m at Mount McArthur extending south from Schubert Inlet for 25 miles (40 km) in central Alexander Island Antarctica. The mountains were first sighted from the air by Lincoln Ellsworth on November 23 1935 and roughly mapped from photos obtained on that flight by W.L.G. Joerg.
 Pizzo della Croce is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 1491 metres.
 Vinson Massif (/ˈvɪnsən mæˈsiːf/) is the highest mountain of Antarctica lying in the Sentinel Range of the Ellsworth Mountains which stand above the Ronne Ice Shelf near the base of the Antarctic Peninsula. The massif is located about 1200 kilometres (750 mi) from the South Pole and is about 21 km (13 mi) long and 13 km (8.1 mi) wide. At 4892 metres (16050 ft) the highest point is Mount Vinson which was named in 2006 after Carl Vinson long-time member of the U.S.
 Kern Lake originally Laguna de los Tulares was the smallest of the three large lakes in the Tulare Basin in the southwestern San Joaquin Valley of California.It was the first of the lakes fed by the Kern River. Kern Lake is now a dry lake bed due to agricultural diversion of the Kern River waters and the aquifer.
 The Adamant Range is a subrange of the Big Bend Ranges of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia Canada located on the west side of Columbia Reach Kinbasket Lake north of Glacier National Park.
 Piz Vallatscha is a mountain of the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located north of the Ofen Pass in the canton of Graubünden.
 The River Eamont is a river in Cumbria England and one of the major tributaries of the River Eden.The river is formed by the outflow from Ullswater in the Lake District later augmented by Dacre Beck from the west and the River Lowther which carries the water from Haweswater north to the Eamont at Penrith. It reaches the Eden 3 miles east of Penrith.
 Cass Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island on the west side Alberni Inlet south of the Nahmint River.
 The Radolfzeller Aach (also known as Hegauer Aach) is a right or north tributary of the Rhine in the south of Baden-Württemberg (Germany).It is approximately 32 km long.
 The Rovasenda is a 38 km long stream (torrente) of Piedmont in north-western Italy. It's a left side tributary of the Cervo which flows through the provinces of Biella and Vercelli.
 The Tortura River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Sevier Lake /sɛˈvɪər/ is an intermittent and endorheic lake which lies in the lowest part of the Sevier Desert Millard County Utah. Like Great Salt Lake and Utah Lake it is a remnant of Pleistocene Lake Bonneville. Sevier Lake is fed primarily by the Beaver and Sevier rivers and the additional inflow is from the lakes watershed that is part of the Escalante-Sevier hydrologic subregion.
 Haldi River is a tributary of Hooghly River flowing through Purba Medinipur district . The Keleghai joins the Kansai at Tangrakhali under Mahisadal police station in Tamluk subdivision. The combined stream is called Haldi River. It is 24 kilometres (15 mi) long. It is the last major river to flow into the Hooghly before the latter flows into the sea. The Haldi joins the Hooghly at the industrial town of Haldia.
 Port Jackson containing Sydney Harbour is the natural harbour of Sydney New South Wales Australia. The harbour is an inlet of the Tasman Sea (part of the South Pacific Ocean). Widely considered to be one of the world's finest harbours it is known for its beauty and in particular as the location of the Sydney Opera House and Sydney Harbour Bridge which connects central Sydney with the Northern Suburbs region extended metropolitan area.
 Lonevågen is a small fjord arm flowing south off of the Osterfjorden in Hordaland county Norway. The 5-kilometre (3.1 mi) long fjord is up to 500 metres (1600 ft) wide. The fjord cuts into the island of Osterøy in the municipality of Osterøy. The village of Lonevåg the administrative center of Osterøy municipality is located at the end of the fjord.
 Mount Morden Long is a mountain located in the Athabasca River Valley of Jasper National Park in Alberta Canada. The mountain was named in 1966 after Mordon Long who was a respected Canadian historian and chairman of the Geographic Board of Alberta.
 Hauhonselkä is a lake in Finland. It is part of a chain of lakes that begins from the lakes Lummene and Vesijako at the drainage divide between the Kokemäenjoki and Kymijoki basins and flows westwards from there through the lakes Kuohijärvi Kukkia Iso-Roine Hauhonselkä and Ilmoilanselkä and ends into lake Mallasvesi. The lake is located in the city of Hämeenlinna in the area of the former municipality of Hauho in the Tavastia Proper region and it is a part of the Kokemäenjoki basin.
 Suolojávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 7.09-square-kilometre (2.74 sq mi) lake lies in the southern part of the municipality just 250 metres (820 ft) east of the lake Guolehis Suolojávri and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the border with Finland.
 The Little Machias River is a 17.7-mile-long (28.5 km) river in Maine. From its source (46°43′39″N 68°37′36″W) in Maine Township 12 Range 7 WELS it runs about 8 miles (13 km) east to Little Machias Lake and about 9 miles (14 km) southeast to its confluence with the Aroostook River in Ashland 2.4 miles (3.9 km) downstream (north) of the confluence of the Machias River with the Aroostook. Via the Aroostook River it is part of the St. John River watershed.
 Honey Branch is a tributary of the Stony Brook in Mercer County New Jersey in the United States.
 The Loch of Stenness is a large brackish loch on Mainland Orkney and is named for the parish of Stenness. It is 2 miles (3.2 km) northeast of the town of Stromness lies immediately to the south of the Loch of Harray and is close to the World Heritage neolithic sites of the Stones of Stenness and Ring of Brodgar. In Old Norse its name was Steinnesvatn.
 The Great Requin River is a river of Grenada.
 The Beaver River is a tributary of the Ohio River in Western Pennsylvania in the United States with a length of approximately 21 mi (34 km). It flows through a historically important coal-producing region north of Pittsburgh. The Beaver River is formed in Lawrence County by the confluence of the Mahoning and Shenango rivers at a point approximately 3 mi (5 km) southwest of New Castle. It flows generally south past West Pittsburg and Homewood.
 Lake Lestijärvi is a medium-sized lake of Central Ostrobothnia Finland. It is the 64th biggest lake in Finland. Lake Lestijärvi is a well-known site for fishing big perch and pike. All the region's lakes are shallow Lestijärvi also.
 Mount Oakan (雄阿寒岳 Oakan-dake) is a shield volcano located in Akan National Park in Hokkaidō Japan.
 Lindbergtinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Mutumparaná River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Afon Dyffryn Gwyn is a river in Gwynedd north-west Wales. Its source is on Trum Gelli above Cwm Maethlon (also known as Dyffryn Gwyn and Happy Valley). It flows in a south-westerly direction through Cwm Maethlon and reaches the sea near Penllyn farm south of Tywyn. It was formerly sometimes known as Caethle Brook.Until the 1860s the river flowed into a lake called Llyn y Borth (or Penllyn Pool) just prior to reaching the sea.
 McCarthys Lake is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mount Denison is a stratovolcano and one of the highest peaks on the Alaska Peninsula. Discovered in 1923 by Harvard professor Kirtley Fletcher Mather the mountain was named for the geologist's alma mater Denison University.
 The Ladon (modern Greek: Λάδωνας Ládonas) is a river in the Peloponnese peninsula of Greece. It features in Greek mythology. It is a tributary to the river Alfeios which empties into the Ionian Sea.
 Anala Mons is a volcano on Venus. It is named after Anala a Hindu fertility goddess. The feature was originally named Anala Corona. It is located at 11.0°N 	14.1°E in a region called the Sappho Patera quadrangle where numerous other volcanic features can be found.
 Crystal Peak elevation 13859 ft (4224 m) is a summit in the Tenmile-Mosquito Range of central Colorado. The peak is in the Arapaho National Forest southwest of Breckenridge.
 Monogram Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Monogram Lake can be reached by trail from Snoqualmie National Forest. The distance from the trailhead to the lake is 5 mi (8.0 km) one way and is considered strenuous since it requires an altitude gain of 4040 ft (1230 m).
 The Köroğlu Mountains (Turkish: Köroğlu Dağları) are a mountain range situated in the northern Turkey north of Ankara.
 Turton and Entwistle Reservoir is a water reservoir in the village of Edgworth Lancashire. The reservoir's existence is due to the Entwistle Dam. When constructed in 1832 the Entwistle Dam was the highest in Britain; it rises 108 feet from the base.
 The Petreasa River is a tributary of the Beliș River in Romania.
 Plateau Mountain is a mountain located in Greene County New York. The mountain is part of the Devil's Path range of the Catskill Mountains.
 Piz Mundin is a mountain of the Samnaun Alps located between Samnaun and Martina in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. With an elevation of 3146 metres above sea level Piz Mundin is one of the highest summits in the Samnaun Alps.
 The River Avon is a river in Falkirk Scotland. It originates from the Fannyside Lochs in North Lanarkshire some 3 miles (5 km) east of Cumbernauld. It flows through Avonbridge through the Avon Gorge through Muiravonside Country Park Falkirk past the west of Linlithgow and enters the Firth of Forth near Grangemouth.
 The San Pedro River is a river of Bolivia in the Chuquisaca Department and in the Potosí Department. It flows to Río Grande.
 Miller Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Urqu Jawira (Aymara urqu male jawira river male river hispanicized spellings Orkhojahuira Orkho Jahuira) is a Bolivian river in the La Paz Department Aroma Province Calamarca Municipality.
 The Piancó River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 Landau is a large lunar crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It was named after physicist Lev Landau. The crater Wegener is attached to the northeastern rim. Attached to the southeastern rim is Frost.The outer rim of Landau is heavily eroded and modified by subsequent impacts. The most notable of these is Wood which overlays the northwest rim. Much of the floor is hilly and irregular with only the northeast quadrant being somewhat level.
 The Central Moravian Carpathians (Czech: Středomoravské Karpaty) are a mountain range within the Czech Republic belonging to the Outer Western Carpathians. Despite the name they stand in southern Moravia east of Brno. In the east they border on the Slovak-Moravian Carpathians; in the south they stretch down to the Thaya (Dyje) Valley and the South-Moravian Carpathians. The mountains are mostly forested planted with beech and spruce trees.
 Grünstein (Watzmann) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Digervarden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Memminger Ach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Cache Creek is an 87-mile-long (140 km) stream in Lake Colusa and Yolo counties California. Cache Creek starts at the outlet of Clear Lake. It has two main tributaries: North Fork (starting in the Mendocino National Forest north of Clear Lake and dammed by the Indian Valley Reservoir); and Bear Creek (starting in Bear Valley). The Capay Diversion Dam west of Capay diverts water for distribution throughout Yolo County using a network of canals.
 The Nephin Beg Range is a mountain range in County Mayo Republic of Ireland. The range contains the Nephin and Nephin Beg mountains. The range is hosts a the Nephin forest a 4843 hectares forest managed by Coillte.The Nephin Beg range is in the process of becoming Ireland's first designated wilderness area a 10-15 year project including remaking forest roads as walking trails and setting up huts for sustainable camping.
 The Trairi River (Rio Grande do Norte) is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 Inva (Russian: Иньва) – is a river in Perm Krai Russia. Begins in the Upper Kama Upland near the border of Kirov oblast. Then is flows through Komi-Permyak Okrug and flows into Kama Reservoir forming Invensky bay. The river is 252 km long. Drainage basin is 5 920 km2. Frozen from early November to late April. Town Kudymkar is located on the Inva River. Main tributaries: Velva and Kuva (left) Yusva (right).
 The Nokomai River is a river in New Zealand a tributary of the Mataura River.
 Kreuzberg (Bayerische Voralpen) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 La Foradada (Montsià) is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 655 metres above sea level.
 Mount Catherine (Arabic: جبل كاثرين‎) also known as Gebel Katherîna is the highest mountain in Egypt. It is located in the city of Saint Catherine in the South Sinai Governorate.
 Wartberg (Heilbronn) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The North Channel is the body of water along the north shore of Lake Huron in the Canadian province of Ontario. It stretches approximately 160 nautical miles and is bordered on the east by Georgian Bay on the west by the St. Marys River to the north by the eastern Algoma District and part of the Sudbury District and to the south by the islands of Manitoulin Cockburn Drummond and St. Joseph.
 The Zanskar River is a north-flowing tributary of the Indus. In its upper reaches the Zanskar has two main branches. First of these the Doda has its source near the Pensi-la 4400 m (14400 ft) mountain-pass and flows south-eastwards along the main Zanskar valley leading towards Padum the capital of Zanskar.
 The Grigorești River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Northern Dvina (Russian: Се́верная Двина́ IPA: [ˈsʲevʲɪrnəjə dvʲɪˈna]; Komi: Вы́нва / Výnva Finnish: Vienanjoki) is a river in Northern Russia flowing through the Vologda Oblast and Arkhangelsk Oblast into the Dvina Bay of the White Sea. Along with the Pechora River to the east it drains most of Northwest Russia into the Arctic Ocean.
 Mittelsberg is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Haaler Au is a river in Schleswig-Holstein Germany. Before the building of the Kiel Canal the Haaler Au was a tributary of the Eider. The Kiel Canal cut the old river bed now the Haaler Au ends at the Kiel Canal. Shortly before the Canal the river forms a lake.The usage of canoes and rowboats is possible on the lower part of the river.
 Arroyo Las Positas is a 7.4-mile-long (11.9 km) westward-flowing watercourse in Alameda County California which originates from Arroyo Seco north of Livermore and empties into Arroyo Mocho in Dublin California.
 Marsimik La or Marsimek La elevation 5681.5meters(18640 ft) is a high mountain pass in the Chang-Chemno Range in northern India about 100 km (62 mi) east of Leh further by road.Located 20 km (10 mi) northeast of the northwest tip of Pangong Lake the pass is on the shortest route from there to the contested Kongka Pass area some 42 km (26 mi) further northeast on the China-India line of actual control.
 Fishing Lake is a lake in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The lake is located between highway 5 and highway 16 22 km north of the town of Foam Lake Saskatchewan and 24 km east of the town of Wadena Saskatchewan. The lake does not have an effective outlet channel and so is prone to flooding. Record floods in 2007 resulted in a plan by the Government of Saskatchewan to lower the level of the lake by digging a drainage channel.
 Schulenbrooksbek is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 Nagyeongsan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 740 metres.
 The Somoș River (Hungarian: Somos) is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Valea Dosului River is a headwater of the Perişani River in Romania
 The Albuia River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Cabuçu River is a river situated in South Eastern Brazil within the state of Rio de Janeiro.
 The Waga River (和賀川 Waga-gawa) is a river in Iwate Prefecture Japan. From its headwaters near Mt. Waga in the Ōu Mountains it flows from north to south through the entire length of Nishiwaga Town before turning east through Kitakami City. The River enters the Kitakami River on the south side of the city opposite Mt. Otoko.
 The Preto do Crespo River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Beaver Creek is a 27.8-mile-long (44.7 km) tributary of the Kishwaukee River in northern Illinois.
 Lac de Lispach is a lake in Vosges France. At an elevation of 909 m its surface area is 0.12 km².
 The Itacanoeira River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Bumpass Mountain is a mountain located south of Lassen Peak in Lassen Volcanic National Park California. It rises to an elevation of 8753 feet (2668 m) near Bumpass Hell and Lake Helen.The mountain receives heavy snowfall during the winter which can lead to deep snowpacks of over 300 inches (7.6 m) near the mountain.Both the mountain and Bumpass Hell were named in honor of Kendall V. Bumpass a hunter guide and prospector in the area around Red Bluff California before 1870.
 Jewel Lake is a former reservoir and artificial lake along Wildcat Creek a small stream in Northern California in Tilden Regional Park. It is located in the Wildcat Canyon between the Berkeley Hills and Sobrante Ridge Hills in an unincorporated area closest to Richmond and Kensington California geographically and Berkeley accessibly. A wooden raised walkway built in the 1970s runs over marshland to the south of the lake.
 Kow Swamp is a lake formerly a swamp used for water storage. It lies in north-central Victoria south-eastern Australia.
 Siltcoos Lake (silt’-koos) at 3164 acres (1280 ha) is the largest lake on the Oregon Coast of the United States. Fed by runoff from a basin of about 68 square miles (180 km2) in Douglas and Lane counties it is located about 7 miles (11 km) south of Florence and 0.5 miles (0.80 km) east of U.S. Route 101.
 The Butiá River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Quabbin Reservoir is the largest inland body of water in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and was built between 1930 and 1939. Today along with the Wachusett Reservoir it is the primary water supply for Boston some 65 miles (105 km) to the east as well as 40 other communities in Greater Boston. It also supplies water to three towns west of the reservoir and acts as backup supply for three others.
 The Titimiul de Jos River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Mount Hoverla (Cyrillic: Говерла Hoverla; Hungarian: Hóvár; Romanian: Hovârla; Goverla Polish: Howerla) at 2061 metres (6762 ft) is the highest mountain in Ukraine and part of the Carpathian Mountains. The mountain is located in the Eastern Beskides in the Chornohora region. The slopes are covered with beech and spruce forests above which there is a belt of sub-alpine meadows called polonyna in Ukrainian. At the eastern slope there is the main spring of the Prut River.
 Düpenau is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 The Râul Negru is a tributary of the Gârbava River in Romania.
 The Bughea River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters: Izvorul Zănoaga and Izvorul Dragoşu
 The Valea Mărului River is a tributary of the Olt river in Romania.
 Rohtang Pass (Hindi: रोहतांग दर्रा) (Bhoti: Rohtang  lit: pile of corpses due to people dying in bad weather trying to cross the pass) (altitude 3978 m or 13051 ft) is a high mountain pass on the eastern Pir Panjal Range of the Himalayas around 51 km (32 mi) from Manali. It connects the Kullu Valley with the Lahaul and Spiti Valleys of Himachal Pradesh India.Manali-Leh Highway a part of NH 21 transverses Rohtang Pass.
 Wejinabikun Lake is a lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District Ontario Canada. It is about 2.0 kilometres (1.2 mi) long and 0.7 kilometres (0.4 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 362 metres (1188 ft). The primary inflow and outflow is the Magpie River which flows downstream into North Wejinabikun Lake and eventually into Lake Superior.
 Mount Ararat is the highest point in Wayne County and one of the higher points in the eastern part of Pennsylvania. Mount Ararat is located in the Glaciated Low Plateaus section of Pennsylvania's geology. This section is characterized with low rolling hills and modest relief. This summit is of low relief but stands as a peak above the countryside.
 Daisy Lake is a lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in the Unorganized North Part of Algoma District in northeastern Ontario Canada.The lake is about 3 kilometres (2 mi) long and 1.7 kilometres (1.1 mi) wide lies at an elevation of 445 metres (1460 ft) and is located about 54 kilometres (34 mi) southeast of the community of Wawa. There is one named inflow Daisy Creek at the southwest and one unnamed creek inflow at the north.
 The River Piratini (Rio Piratini) is a Brazilian river in the south-eastern state of Rio Grande do Sul. Until 1864 it marked for most of its course the accepted frontier between Uruguay and Brazil.The river rises at the watershed between the Río de la Plata Basin and the land that slopes directly to the Ocean.
 The Aquidauana River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Panic River is a tributary of the Zalău River in Romania.
 Frying Pan Hole is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lake Muhikap (more commonly spelled as Mohicap or Mojicap) is one of the seven lakes of San Pablo City in the province of Laguna Philippines. The lake which is located in Brgy. Sta. Catalina has an area of 14.5 hectares (36 acres) and it is one of the main suppliers of water in the city. The waters of San Pablo Lakes provide a generous source of tilapia for Metro Manila and suburbs.
 Wirtz Crater is a crater in Argyre quadrangle of Mars at 48.6° south latitude and 26° west longitude It is 129 km in diameter and was named after Carl Wilhelm Wirtz a German astronomer (1886–1956).
 The Hintere Bachofenspitze in the Karwendel mountains of Tyrol is 2668 metres (8753 ft) high and forms the northernmost point of the parish of Thaur in the Inn Valley. Since the erection of a summit cross that was set up in October 2003 by Franz Brunner and Fritz Gostner this summit has enjoyed growing popularity.
 The Rinderberg (2079 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located between Gstaad and St. Stephan in the Bernese Oberland. It lies at the northern end of the range that separates the valley of the Saane from the Simmental north of the Wildhorn.In winter the Rinderberg is part of the ski area named Gstaad Mountain Rides. A cable car station is located near the top at a height of 2004 metres.
 The Grand River is an alternate name for the lower section of the Neosho River a tributary of the Arkansas River in Oklahoma. Grand River refers to the section of river below the confluence of the Neosho and Spring rivers in Ottawa County near Miami. It empties into the Arkansas northeast of Muskogee just downstream from the confluence of the Verdigris River with the Arkansas.
 Seekarkreuz is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Fish River is a 69.9-mile-long (112.5 km) river in northern Maine in the United States. It is a tributary of the St. John River which flows to the Bay of Fundy (an arm of the Atlantic Ocean) in New Brunswick Canada.From its start at the confluence of Fox Brook and Carr Pond Stream (46°46′37″N 68°46′52″W) in Maine Township 13 Range 8 WELS the river runs north to Fish River Lake then east to Portage Lake. It then runs northwards through St.
 Maglić (pronounced [mǎɡliːtɕ]) is the highest peak at an elevation of 2386 metres (7828 ft) in the hill ranges of Plješevica Grmeč Cincar and Raduša in the country of Montenegro Žabljak municipality. Maglić borders Bosnia and Montenegro. It is oriented in a northwest-southeast direction.Maglić is the highest mountain in Bosnia Herzegovina. It lies within the Sutjeska National Park which was established in 1962.
 The Geierwand (Italian: Parete dell' Avvoltoio; German: Geierwand) is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 Echo Peak el. 9570 feet (2920 m) is a mountain peak in the southern section of the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park.Echo Peak is so named because of its remarkable echo.
 The Lac d'Oô is an artificial lake in the Pyrenees with an area of 42 hectares located at an altitude of 1507 m in the commune of Oô.
 Roche à Perdrix is a mountain in Alberta's Rockies Canada.It is located south of Highway 16 on the eastern border of Jasper National Park and is part of the Fiddle Range one of the easternmost ranges of the Canadian Rockies. It is one of the first mountains upon entering the park from the east and is directly on the park border. In French perdrix means partridge and roche means rock.
 Arintica is a stratovolcano located in Arica y Parinacota Region of Chile near the border with Bolivia. It lies north of the Salar de Surire.Glacial valleys on the south and west flanks of the mountain contain large active rock glaciers that have been misinterpreted in the past as lava flows.
 The Isidon River is a tributary of the Jaidon River in Romania.
 Sagter Ems is a river of Lower Saxony Germany. It is known as the Leda in East Frisia.
 The Rapid River is a river in Algoma District Ontario Canada. The river is about 15 kilometres (9 mi) long and begins at Seymour Lake at an elevation of 410 metres (1345 ft). It travels west and takes in its left tributary the Little Rapid River at an elevation of 408 metres (1339 ft). The river continues west over a small rapids and a waterfall before emptying into the Mississagi River at an elevation of 314 metres (1030 ft).
 Mount Frissell 2454 feet (748 m) located on the border of southwest Massachusetts and northwest Connecticut is a prominent peak of the Taconic Range. While BearMountain 2316 feet (706 m) is the highest summit in Connecticutthe highest point in that state 2380 feet (725 m) is on the southslope of Mount Frissell along the Mount Frissell trail a little to the westof the summit 2654 feet (748). Most hikers reach it by a rather shortroute starting high up in the col between Mt.
 Sinseonbong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 967 metres.
 The Xambrê River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Ialomicioara River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Vaca River.
 Francis Lake is a small backcountry lake in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe in the El Dorado National Forest. There are no trails to this lake. This lake is very near Loon Lake.
 El Coscollet is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1610 metres above sea level.
 Jauer is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Peshekee River is a 31.1-mile-long (50.1 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Lake Michigamme and its waters flow via the Michigamme River and the Menominee River to Lake Michigan.
 The Río Juncal is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Rucue River is a river of Chile.
 The Bănia River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Ailama or Ahlama (Georgian: აილამა აჰლამა) is a peak in the central part of the Svaneti section of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range located in the Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti region of Georgia at the source of the river Koruldashi. The lower slopes are covered with alpine and sub alpine meadows while the upper slopes have glacial landscapes. There is a mountaineering camp named Ailama at the base of the mountain's southern slope .
 Damsgårdsfjellet is a mountain in Bergen Norway west of Melkeplassen and one of the seven mountains surrounding the city center of Bergen. It is 284 metres (932 ft) high.
 Anjaneri is one of the important fort in the mountain range of Nasik-Trimbakeshwar. Anjaneri is located 20 km away from Nasik by Trimbak Road.
 Piz Rondadura is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the cantons of Graubünden and Ticino. It overlooks Lukmanier Pass and Lake Sontga Maria on its east side.
 Sunset Peak or Tai Tung Shan (Chinese: 大東山) is the third highest peak in Hong Kong. It is situated on Lantau Island within Lantau South Country Park and Lantau North Country Park and stands at a height of 869 metres (2851 ft) above the sea level. The second highest Lantau Peak is on the western part of the island.
 National grid reference NR94549588Blackmill Loch is an impounding reservoir constructed in 1964 and is one source of water for the Lochgair Hydroelectric Scheme.
 The Jebuc River is a tributary of the Sfăraş River in Romania.
 Lago di Tovel is a lake in Trentino Italy. At an elevation of 1178 m its surface area is 0.38 km².The lake has been recognised as a wetland of international importance under the Ramsar Convention in 1980.
 Edwards Mountain (9072 feet (2765 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 The Little Palmiste River is a river of Grenada.
 The Nakatsu River (中津川 Nakatsu-gawa) is a river in Iwate Prefecture Japan. It flows through the city of Morioka where it enters the Kitakami River.
 K'isi K'isini (Aymara and Quechua expression meaning k'isi stipa variety the reduplication signifies there is a group or complex of s.th. the Aymara suffix -ni indicates ownership the one that has got a group of stipa or the one with a group of stipa (variety) hispanicized spelling Quisi Quisini) is a mountain in the Andes about 5280 m (17323 ft) high located in the Cordillera Occidental of Bolivia in the Oruro Department Sajama Province Curahuara de Carangas Municipality Sajama Canton. 
 Saksi (or Saksa or Sokse) is a mountain in the municipality of Lom in Oppland county Norway in the Jotunheimen mountain range.The first known ascent was in 1886 by Carl Hall and Mathias Soggemoen.It has a height of 2189 m.a.s.l..
 The Cávado River (Portuguese: rio Cávado) is a river located in north Portugal.It has its source in Serra do Larouco at 1520 metres. It runs 135 km from Gouveia to its mouth into the Atlantic Ocean next to the city of Esposende. It flows through the districts of Vila Real and Braga in Cávado Region and flows near the towns of Vila Verde and Esposende and cities of Braga and Barcelos.Its tributaries are the Homem River Rabagão River and Saltadouro River.
 Adarra (short for Adarramendi meaning 'mount of horns' in Basque) is a mountain south of the city of San Sebastian in the Basque Country much appreciated and popular with the donostiarras and other neighbouring inhabitants.
 Xiao Zhao crater is small in comparison with many other craters on Mercury. However Xiao Zhao's long bright rays make it a readily visible feature. The fresh bright rays which were created by material ejected outward during the impact event that formed the crater indicate that Xiao Zhao is a relatively young crater on Mercury's surface.Xiao Zhao is located near Eastman crater.
 Palak Dil or Pala Tipo (Mara language for swallowing lake) is the largest lake in southern Mizoram northeast India. It is located in near Phura village in Saiha district within the Mara Autonomous District Council. Its geographical location falls under the Indo-Burma biodiversity hotspot and is therefore rich in animal and plant species.
 Steklov is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon past the southwestern limb. It lies in the outer skirt of ejecta from the Mare Orientale impact basin just to the southwest of the Montes Cordillera ring of mountains. About four crater diameters to the southwest is the slightly smaller crater Chant.The rim of this crater has a sharp edge that has not been eroded by impacts. The inner walls slope directly downwards to the edge of the irregular interior floor.
 The Crow River is a river located in Arthur's Pass National Park Canterbury New Zealand. It arises near Mount Rolleston and flows south into the Waimakariri River.The river was named after a kōkako sometimes called orange-wattled crow which was seen in 1865 during an exploration of the area.
 Blue Heron Lake is an L-shaped man-made lake located in East Riverside Park in the east of Windsor Ontario Canada. Created in 1997 it serves to treat the outflow from a storm water drain.
 The Ermeneasa River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 The Jachen is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 The Saladillo River is a river of Argentina.It was discovered in 1892 by William Bolton.It runs through the Grande Puonchos in southern Argentina.
 The Big Annemessex River is a 15.4-mile-long (24.8 km) tributary of the Chesapeake Bay on the Delmarva Peninsula. It rises in Kingston Somerset County Maryland and flows roughly southwest about 6 miles (10 km) in a meandering pattern then widens into an estuary and continues about 9 miles (14 km) to the bay near Janes Island State Park.
 The Izvoru Mare River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 The Little River is a 7.3-mile-long (11.7 km) tributary of the Androscoggin River in the U.S. state of Maine. It forms the boundary between Sagadahoc and Androscoggin counties.The Little River rises near West Bowdoin at the junction of Fisher Stream and Purington Brook and flows south joining the Androscoggin River just east of Lisbon Falls.
 The Zschopau (German pronunciation: [ˈtʃoːpaʊ]) is a river in Saxony Germany left tributary of the Freiberger Mulde. Its source is in the Erzgebirge on the slopes of the Fichtelberg near the border with the Czech Republic. It flows north through the towns Schlettau Wolkenstein Zschopau Flöha Frankenberg Mittweida and Waldheim. It joins the Freiberger Mulde in the village Schweta west of Döbeln.The Zschopau River flows northward for 130 km into the Freiberger Mulde.
 The Hochstaufen is located in the north of Bad Reichenhall (Landkreis Berchtesgadener Land) and is the easternmost mountain of the Chiemgau Alps.
 Mynydd y Drum is a hill on the border between the county of Powys and Neath Port Talbot County Borough south Wales. The summit of the hill is in Neath Port Talbot (formerly the county of Glamorgan) at 298m and lies towards the western end of a broad curving ridge the larger part of which is in Powys (former county of Brecknockshire). The eastern half of the hill is currently being opencasted for coal. The hill is sometimes referred to simply as The Drum (Welsh drum pronounced 'drim').
 The Itaquai River is a river of the upper Amazon Basin. It forms the eastern boundary of Atalaia do Norte municipality in the Amazonas state of north-western Brazil. Its main tributary is the Rio Branco. Downstream it joins the Ituí River to form the upper Solimões.
 The Muncelul River is a tributary of the Anieș River in Romania.
 The Juininha River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Dry Fork is a 39.1-mile-long (62.9 km) tributary of the Black Fork of the Cheat River in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia in the United States. Via the Black Fork the Cheat and the Monongahela and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. The Dry Fork flows for much of its length in the Monongahela National Forest and drains mostly rural and forested areas.
 Suoh or Suwoh is a 8 × 16 km wide caldera in the south of Sumatra Indonesia. The depression was formed primarily by tectonic movement. Historical maars and silicic lava domes are found along the Great Sumatran Fault line. Phreatic eruptions occurred during the major 1933 earthquake.
 The Capannelle Pass is a mountain pass in Italy. It sits at an altitude of 1300 meters above sea level in the Province of L'Aquila in Italy's Abruzzo Region. It is located on the Italian State Highway 80 which passes near the Gran Sasso in the Apennines.This famous pass probably takes its name from the small pastoral huts (capannelle) which dot the landscape.
 The Slieveardagh Hills are a low range of hills on the South Tipperary - Kilkenny border mainly in the barony of Slievardagh. The highest point is Clomantagh Hill at 349 m and the highest point by relative height in the hills is Knocknamuck at 340m with prominence of 268m. The hills contain the source of the River Goul which flows north and the Kings River which flows southwards from the hills.The Slieveardagh Hills and Booley Hills extend westwards from County Kilkenny to South Tipperary.
 Galgenberg (Lütte) is a hill of Brandenburg Germany.
 Morrone (Scottish Gaelic: Mór Bheinn or Mór Shròn) is a Scottish hill immediately southwest of the village of Braemar in Aberdeenshire.
 The Frasin River is a tributary of the Bistra Mare River in Romania.
 The Araguaia River (Portuguese: Rio Araguaia [ˈʁi.u ɐɾɐˈɡwaj.jɐ]) is one of the major rivers of Brazil and the principal tributary of the Tocantins though it is almost equal in volume at its confluence with the Tocantins. It has a total length of approximately 2627 km. Araguaia means river of (red) macaws in the Tupi language.
 Stortverråtinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Pârâul Domnului or Savar River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania.
 White Rock 2550 feet (780 m) is the name of the high point on a 7 mi (11 km) ridgeline in the Taconic Mountains. The ridge is located in the tri-state corner of New York Massachusetts and Vermont in the towns of Petersburgh Williamstown and Pownal. The ridge has several distinct knobs; those with names are from south to north: White Rocks 2365 feet (721 m); Smith Hill 2330 feet (710 m); White Rock the high point 2550 feet (780 m); and Bald Mountain 2485 feet (757 m).
 The Mousa Ali Volcano is a 2021 metres (6631 ft) stratovolcano located on the tri-point borders of Ethiopia Eritrea and Djibouti. The volcano is the highest point in Djibouti. The volcano's summit is truncated by a caldera which contains rhyolitic lava domes and lava flows. The last known eruption occurred during the Holocene era.Mousa Ali is situated at the tri-point of the Tadjourah Region of Djibouti; the Southern Red Sea Region of Eritrea; and the Afar Region of Ethiopia.
 Screech Lake is a 16 acre lake in Cook County Minnesota which is tributary to the Poplar River. Water clarity surveys performed by the University of Minnesota indicated Screech Lake had a visibility of 1.36 meters in 2008 although earlier surveys have yielded values of nearly 5 meters.
 The Găunoasa River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Lake Wyola is a lake located in Shutesbury Massachusetts United States.
 Hoher Dörnberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany. It is 579 m (1900 ft) high. It is located in the Habichtswald around 11 km (7 mi) northwest of the city of Kassel in Kassel district.
 Chilchzimmersattel (el. 991 m.) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Basel-Country in Switzerland.It connects Eptingen and Langenbruck. The pass road has a maximum grade of 735 percent. The pass is open all year round even though it is not cleared after snowstorms.Numerous fortifications can be seen near the pass dating from World War I and before.
 Pik BAM is a mountain in Zabaykalsky Krai Russia. It reaches 3072 metres (10079 ft) above sea level. It was named after the Baikal Amur Mainline railway which passes south of it. It is the highest summit of the Kodar Range. The nearest town is Novaya Chara.
 The Merbok is a river in Kedah state Malaysia. Its sources are at Mount Jerai and Sungkap Forest. After the confluence of Bongkok and Lalang River it carry its name. Other tributaries are Petani and Bujang River. The river mouth is around 2.5 km wide.It is best known as the historical river of Lembah Bujang.
 The Tritul River is a tributary of the Valea Largă River in Romania.
 Okanagan Lake is a large deep lake in the Okanagan Valley of British Columbia. The lake is 135 km long between 4 and 5 km wide and has a surface area of 351 km².
 East Branch Clarion River Lake or East Branch Lake is a reservoir at Elk State Park in Elk County Pennsylvania in the United States. It was constructed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers by damming the East Branch of the Clarion River. Construction of the rolled earth impervious core dam was authorized by the Flood Control Act of 1944. The lake is one of sixteen flood control projects administered by the Pittsburgh District of the Army Corps of Engineers.
 The Fraser River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The river rises northwest of Mount Jowlaenger and flows in an easterly direction passing through some permanent pools such as Ungalete Pool and Lowangun Pool before discharging into King Sound.The only tributary of the Fraser is Bungarragut Creek.The first European to discover the river was the explorer Alexander Forrest in 1879.
 Moa River (Brazil) is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Gaeunsan is a mountain of Chungcheongbuk-do South Korea. It has an elevation of 575 metres
 Spitzberg (Tübingen) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Beacon Hill is one of the highest viewpoints in the hinterland of Poole Harbour Dorset. Its tree-covered summit reaches 84 metres (276 ft) above sea level and there is a public footpath running roughly north to south over the top. Historically it was one of a series of beacons used to warn of the advancing Spanish Armada. The earlier name for the hill was Lytchett Beacon.To the northeast of Beacon Hill is a clay pit.
 Buck Mountain 11938 feet (3639 m) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming immediately southeast of Grand Teton. The mountain is the highest summit south of Garnet Canyon and is easily seen from most vantage points in Jackson Hole. Views from the summit offer excellent views of the Cathedral Group to the north.
 Westerbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Dark River New Zealand is a river of Fiordland New Zealand. It rises west of Barrier Peak and flows westward through Fiordland National Park into Lake Grave which drains into Sutherland Sound.
 Mount Darwin is a peak in Tierra del Fuego forming part of the Cordillera Darwin the southernmost range of the Andes just to the north of the Beagle Channel. It is formed of crystalline schists and has massive glaciers down its steep southern slopes. Monte Darwin was for a long time considered as the highest peak in Tierra del Fuego but that distinction corresponds to a mountain unofficially named Monte Shipton which is about 2580 m (8460 ft) high and is located at 54°39′33″S 69°35′54″W.
 The Wainganga (Marathi: वैनगंगा नदी) is a river of India which originates about 12 km from Mundara village of Seoni district in the southern slopes of the Satpura Range of Madhya Pradesh and flows south through Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra in a very winding course of approximatedly 360 miles.
 Seym (also transliterated as Seim and Sejm in Russian: Сейм; Ukrainian: Сейм) is a river in Russia and Ukraine. Its length is 748 km and its basin area about 27500 km². It is the largest tributary of the Desna.Towns located on the river: Kursk Rylsk Putyvl Kurchatov Baturin.
 Dælivannet is a lake in Bærum Akershus county Norway. It lies just beneath the Kolsås hill on the East side. The lake contains perch and pike and has a rich bird life.The painting Seljefløiten painted by Christian Skredsvig (1854–1924) shows a boy playing the flute by the South-East side of Dælivannet.
 The Xambre River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Marscheider Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The West-Beskidian Piedmont (Czech: Západobeskydské podhůří Polish: Pogórze Zachodniobeskidzkie) is a geological region of the northeastern Czech Republic extending into southern Poland. The relatively modest foothills are considered part of the Outer Western Carpathians.
 Crvena gora (Serbian Cyrillic: Црвена гора) is a mountain in western Serbia above the town of Ivanjica. Its highest peak Opaljenička ćava has an elevation of 1215 m (3986 ft) above sea level.
 Mount Raleigh is one of the principal summits of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains of southern British Columbia. It is 3132 m (10276 ft) in elevation and is the highest summit south of the Bishop River's divide with the Lillooet River at Ring Pass which is at the southeastern edge of the Lillooet Icefield and just north of the Pemberton Icecap.
 The Ausa River is a minor river some 17 kilometres in length which traverses part of northern San Marino and Emilia–Romagna in Italy. The source of the river is Monte Titano in central San Marino. The river flows northeast past Serravalle and crosses the border into the Italian province of Rimini close to Dogana. The river continues flowing northeast and is channelled through storm drains at Rimini before emptying into the Adriatic Sea south of the mouth of the Marecchia River.
 The Catarama River (Ecuador) is a river of Ecuador.
 Samad is a crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's geologically active moon Enceladus. Samad was first discovered in Voyager 2 images. It is located at 60.3° North Latitude 4.5° West Longitude and is 16.3 kilometres (10.1 mi) across.
 for the church see San Parteo ChurchMonte San Parteo (Corsican: San Parteu) is a mountain peak located in Monticello Haute-Corse Corsica. Situated between the valley of the River Melaja Tartagine and the valley of Fiumi di Regino the mountain rises to 1680 metres (5510 ft).San Parteo straddles the communes of Pioggiola and Feliceto. It is part of a mountain range that marks both the entire northwestern part of the Regional Natural Park of Corsica and the western part of Giunssani.
 Wizard Lake is a lake in Alberta located south of Calmar. It is a popular recreation spot due to its proximity to Edmonton.
 Baron Peak at 10297 feet (3139 m) above sea level is a peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area on the border of Boise and Custer counties. The peak is located 0.5 mi (0.80 km) southeast of Moolack Mountain its line parent.
 The Canlia River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Lindenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Straight River is a 15.5-mile-long (24.9 km) tributary of the Apple River located entirely within Polk County Wisconsin in the United States. The Straight River rises in wetlands west of Straight Lake in Straight Lake State Park. After exiting Straight Lake the river flows generally southeastward toward Big Round Lake in the town of Georgetown. From Big Round the Straight flows through Little and Big Blake lakes before meeting Fox Creek the outlet of Bone Lake.
 Second Beaverdam Lake is a lake of the Region of Queens Municipality in Nova Scotia Canada. It is located a little north from First Beaverdam Lake about 15 Kilometers north of Liverpool town.
 The Valea Rece River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 Aguelmame Sidi Ali is a lake which is located in the province of Khénifra Meknès-Tafilalet region Morocco. Located at an altitude of 2100 metres Aguelmame Sidi Ali has a surface area of approximately 500 hectares and a depth of 36 metres. It borders the province of Ifrane within the Middle Atlas mountains.
 The River Soar is a major tributary of the River Trent in the English East Midlands and is the principal river of Leicestershire.
 The Souhegan River is a tributary of the Merrimack River in the northeastern United States. 33.8 miles (54.4 km) long with a drainage area of 171 sq mi (440 km2) it flows north and east through southern New Hampshire to the Merrimack River.The river begins in New Ipswich New Hampshire at the junction of the river's South Branch and West Branch. Flowing northeast it passes through the center of Greenville and descends through a narrow valley to Wilton where it turns east.
 Dumyat /dəˈmaɪ.ɨt/ (Scottish Gaelic: Dùn Mhèad) is a hill at the western extremity of the Ochil Hills in central Scotland. The name is thought to originate from Dun (hill fort) of the Maeatae.Although relatively small (its height is 418 metres) the characteristic shape of the hill forms an important part of the distinctive scenery of the Stirling area and it is often depicted (particularly in postcards and calendars) in combination with the nearby Abbey Craig.
 The Beaury Creek a perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Pârâul de sub Stejic is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
 Skeleton Lake (Cree: Cheply Sakhahigan) is a recreational lake in Alberta Canada. The lake is 6.5 kilometres (4.0 mi) Northeast of the town of Boyle Alberta along Highway 63. It is located in Athabasca County 170 kilometres (110 mi) northeast of the City of Edmonton.
 Mount Kephart is a mountain in the central Great Smoky Mountains located in the Southeastern United States. The Appalachian Trail crosses the mountain's south slope making it a key destination for thru-hikers. The Jumpoff a 1000-foot (300 m) cliff on the northeast side of the mountain allows for spectacular views of the central and eastern Smokies.
 The Sacco is a river of central Italy a right tributary of the Liri.The river is formed by the confluence of two streams of the Monti Simbruini in the Apennines of Abruzzo. It flows towards south-east for a total of 87 km crossing Ciociaria between the mountain ranges of the Ernici to the north-east and of the Lepini to the south-west.
 Franconia Notch (elev. 1950 feet/590 m) is a major mountain pass through the White Mountains of New Hampshire. Dominated by Cannon Mountain to the west and Mount Lafayette to the east it lies principally within Franconia Notch State Park and is traversed by the Franconia Notch Parkway (Interstate 93 and U.S.
 Mount Myōken (妙見山 Myōken-san) is a 1135.5 m (3725 ft) mountain on the border of Yabu and Kami Mikata Hyogo Japan. This mountain is one of Hyōgo 50 and a part of Hyonosen-Ushiroyama-Nagisan Quasi-National Park. The other name of this mountain is Mount Ishihara.
 The East Fork Millicoma River is a tributary about 24 miles (39 km) long of the Millicoma River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Rising in eastern Coos County it flows generally west to the community of Allegany where it joins the West Fork Millicoma River to form the Millicoma. In turn the Millicoma which is only about 9 miles (14 km) long joins the South Fork Coos River to form the Coos River.
 The Asău River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania
 The Schermerspitze is a mountain in the Gurgler Kamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Battlement Mountain (8832 feet (2692 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Lake Isabel is northeast of the peak.
 Smith Peak in Yosemite National Park in the United States overlooks the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir and provides grand vistas of the Hetch Hetchy Valley and surrounding wilderness. It is named for a sheep owner who claimed to own the Hetch Hetchy Valley and used it as a summer pasture.
 The Groșești River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Lac à la Dame is a lake at Foncine-le-Bas in the Jura department of France.The lake is also known as Lac de Foncine-le-Bas or Lac de la Dame.
 Worondi Rivulet a perennial stream of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales Australia.
 Dreierwalder Aa is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Rio Grande (Portuguese for great river) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Caiapó River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Pico Duarte is the highest peak in all the Caribbean islands and is located about 53 miles north-east of the lowest point Lake Enriquillo. Located on the island of Hispaniola it lies in the Cordillera Central range the greatest of the Dominican Republic's mountain chains. The Cordillera Central extends from the plains between San Cristóbal and Baní to the northwestern peninsula of Haiti where it is known as Massif du Nord.
 The Tocan River is a tributary of the Vinț River in Romania.
 Testeboån is a river in Sweden.
 The Valea Brusturetului River or Brusturetul River is a headwater of the Dâmbovicioara River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is sometimes known as the Valea Seacă a Pietrelor River
 The Petita River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Mount Katmai is a large stratovolcano (composite volcano) on the Alaska Peninsula in southern Alaska located within Katmai National Park and Preserve. It is about 6.3 miles (10 km) in diameter with a central lake-filled caldera about 3 by 2 mi (4.5 by 3 km) in area formed during the Novarupta eruption of 1912. The caldera rim reaches a maximum elevation of 6716 feet (2047 m).
 The Rába (German: Raab; Hungarian: Rába; Slovene: Raba; Prekmurian: Rába) is a river in southeastern Austria and western Hungary and a right tributary of the Danube. Its source is in Austria some kilometres east of Bruck an der Mur below Heubodenhöhe Hill. It flows through the Austrian states of Styria and Burgenland and the Hungarian counties of Vas and Győr-Moson-Sopron. It flows into a tributary of the Danube (Mosoni-Duna) in northwestern Hungary in the city of Győr.
 Piz Linard is a pyramid-shaped mountain of the Swiss Alps. At 3410 m it is the highest peak of the Silvretta mountain range. It was first climbed on August 1 1835 by the geologist and naturalist Oswald Heer led by Johann Madutz.
 The Ñuble River or Rio Ñuble is a river of the province of Ñuble located in southern Chile in the Bío Bío Region. Its main tributaries are Chillán and Claro River. The Ñuble River discharges into the Itata River.
 Green Pond is the name of both a lake and of a private lakeside residential community in northern New Jersey. The lakeside community is managed by two corporations Green Pond Corporation and Lake End Corporation.
 Mount Hancock is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire named after John Hancock (1737–1793) one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. The mountain is on the south side of the Pemigewasset Wilderness the source of the Pemigewasset River in the heart of the White Mountains between Franconia Notch and Crawford Notch. Mount Hancock is flanked to the northeast by Mount Carrigain to the south by Mount Huntington and to the west by Mount Hitchcock.
 Pilanku (Ancash Quechua for dam hispanicized spelling Pilanco) is a mountain in the north of the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5286 metres (17343 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Yuracmarca District. Pilanku lies northeast of the Pukarahu northwest of the Allpamayu east of Mount Millwaqucha and north of the river Allpamayu (Los Cedros).
 The Idaho Rocky Mountain Ranch is a guest ranch located in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area of the U.S. state of Idaho between the Sawtooth and White Cloud Mountain ranges. The 900-acre (3.6 km2) ranch property is located in Custer County sixty miles north of the Ketchum and Sun Valley resort area and 9 miles (14 km) south of Stanley Idaho which had a population of 100 at the 2000 census.
 The Cugir River ( Hungarian: Kudzsir-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Mona Reservoir is a large reservoir on Currant Creek in the north end of Juab Valley Juab County Utah. It was created in 1895 by the construction of an earthen dam.
 Mount Whittier is a mountain in Carroll County New Hampshire in the northern Ossipee Mountains. Named after John Greenleaf Whittier the peak is not to be confused with nearby Nickerson Mountain which was once known as Mount Whittier.There are no hiking trails on Mount Whittier. There was once a CCC alpine ski trail on the northern face.
 Keeper Hill or Slievekimalta or Sliabh Coimeálta (from Irish: Sliabh Coimeálta meaning mountain of guarding) is a 694 m (2277 ft) mountain in the Silvermine Mountains of North Tipperary Ireland. It is about 15 km east of Limerick City. Keeper Hill is the highest mountain in the Silvermines (and the wider Shannon area) and the 117th highest in Ireland.There is a looped walk around the lower shoulders of Keeper Hill to which the ‘hardy’ walker can add the ‘trek’ to the summit.
 Phnom Kulen also romanized as (Phnom Koulen Phnum Kulén or Koulen Mountain) (Khmer: ភ្នំគូលេន meaning Mountain of Lychees) is a mountain range in Siem Reap Province Cambodia.
 The Lancaster Canal is a canal in the north of England originally planned to run from Westhoughton in Lancashire to Kendal in south Cumbria (then in Westmorland).
 The Mat (definite Albanian form: Mati Ancient Greek: Mathis Μαθις) is a river in northern Albania. Its source is near Martanesh in the Bulqizë District. It flows west towards the Mat District which takes it name from the river and northwest through the towns Klos and Burrel. About 10 km (6 mi) downstream from Burrel it flows into a large reservoir (Liqeni i Ulzës – Lake Ulëz).
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania.
 Langvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway. The 5.46-square-kilometre (2.11 sq mi) lake lies about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of the town of Fauske. The village of Sulitjelma lies on the northeastern edge of the lake. Water from the lakes Kjelvatnet and Låmivatnet flow into the lake from the south and east. The water from Langvatnet flows out through the river Sjønståelva to the west towards the lake Øvrevatnet.
 The Bloju River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
 The East Gallatin River flows 42 miles (68 km) in a northwesterly direction through the Gallatin valley Gallatin County Montana. Rising from the confluence of Rocky Creek and several other small streams the East Gallatin begins about one mile (1.6 km) east of downtown Bozeman Montana. The river joins the main stem of the Gallatin River 2.3 miles (3.7 km) north of Manhattan Montana.
 Stob Coire Sgreamhach is a mountain in Scotland forming part of the Bidean nam Bian massif on the southern side of Glen Coe. It is often considered a subsidiary peak of Bidean though since the 1997 revision of Munros Tables it has been classified as a separate Munro.The mountain is usually climbed in conjunction with Bidean nam Bian thus allowing for a traverse of the range.
 This article is about South Mountain of New Haven County Connecticut. For other mountains by the same name see South Mountain (disambiguation)South Mountain 767 ft (234 m) is a prominent traprock peak in the Hanging Hills of Meriden Connecticut. Rugged and scenic the peak rises steeply above the city of Meriden 400 ft (122 m) below and is characterized by its vertical cliffs and sweeping views of southern Connecticut and Long Island Sound.
 The Gull River is a 14.2-mile-long (22.9 km) tributary of the Crow Wing River in the U.S. state of Minnesota. Rising at the outlet of Gull Lake it flows south through Cass and Crow Wing counties to the Crow Wing River 2 miles (3 km) southeast of Sylvan. It is part of the Mississippi River drainage basin.
 The Erme is a river in south Devon England. From its source on Dartmoor it flows in a generally southerly direction past some of the best-preserved archaeological remains on the moor. It leaves the moor at the town of Ivybridge and continues southward passing the settlements of Ermington Modbury and Holbeton. Near Holbeton it becomes a ria and empties into the English Channel in Bigbury Bay between the rivers Yealm and Avon.
 The Güigüe River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into Lake Valencia.
 Burgsee is a lake in Schleswig Schleswig-Holstein Germany. Its surface area is 31.83 ha.
 Brüeler Bach is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Fusteica River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 The Duinger Berg is a hill range up to 331 m above NN in the Lower Saxon Hills and the district of Landkreis in the German state of Lower Saxony.
 The Tronto (Latin: Truentus) is a 115 km-long Italian river that arises at Monte della Laghetta and ends in the Adriatic Sea at Porto d'Ascoli San Benedetto del Tronto. Anciently the Truentus it traverses the Lazio Marche and Abruzzo regions.
 The Lot pronounced: [lɔt] originally the Olt (Occitan: Òlt; Latin: Oltis) is a river in France right tributary of the Garonne. It rises in the Cévennes flowing west through Quercy where it flows into the Garonne near Aiguillon a total distance of 481 kilometres (299 mi). It gives its name to the Lot département. The Lot is prone to flooding in the winter and spring.
 Sand Rock Peak is a mountain that overlooks Newhall and the rest of Santa Clarita Valley to the northeast. The summit is at an elevation of 2511 feet (765 m). Sand Rock Peak is part of the Santa Susana Mountains. Oat Mountain a higher mountain is south of Sand Rock Peak and can be seen from there.
 Mount Akiha (秋葉山 Akiha-san) is a mountain in Tenryū-ku Hamamatsu (in the former town of Haruno) Shizuoka Prefecture Japan. It is a peak on a southern spur of the Akaishi Mountains. Mount Akiha has an elevation of 866 metres (2841 ft). It is the location of the Akihasan Hongū Akiha Jinja shrine dedicated to a god of fire.
 The Lizumer Reckner is at 2886 m AA the highest mountain in the Tux Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
 Łysica [ˈwɨˈɕit͡sa] is the highest mountain in Świętokrzyskie Mountains of Poland. Its height is 612 metres (2008 ft). It is located in the Świętokrzyski National Park and there is an abbey below it on a site that might have been a pagan temple before the times of baptism of Poland.Łysica which is also called Gora Swietej Katarzyny (St. Catherine’s Mountain) lies in western part of the Lysogory range near the village of Swieta Katarzyna.
 The Port of Copenhagen (Danish: Københavns Havn) is the largest Danish seaport and one of the largest ports in the Baltic Sea basin with a total annual traffic capacity of around 18.3 million tonnes of cargo.
 Serchio (in antiquity the Auser) is the third longest river in the Italian region of Tuscany at 126 kilometres coming after the Arno (242 km) and the Ombrone (161 km).
 Anaxagoras is a young lunar impact crater that is located near the north pole of the Moon. It lies across the larger and more heavily worn crater Goldschmidt. To the south-southeast is Epigenes and due south is the worn remains of Birmingham.Anaxagoras is a relatively recent impact crater that is young enough to still possess a ray system that has not been eroded by space weathering.
 Cauaburi River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Dandalup River is one of the shortest rivers in Western Australia. It begins at the confluence of the South Dandalup River and the North Dandalup River north of Pinjarra and flows for just four kilometres before emptying into the Murray River.
 The Sobaek Mountains are a mountain range cutting across the southern Korean peninsula. They split off from the Taebaek Mountains and trend southwest across the center of the peninsula. They are traditionally considered to reach their southwestern limit at Jirisan which is also the highest peak of the range. Other famous mountains in the range include Songni Mountain Joryeong Mountain Gaya Mountain Worak Mountain and Sobaek Mountain itself.
 The Salamander Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier lies on a shelf on the east side of the arête which is part of the Continental Divide at an average elevation of 7200 feet (2200 m) above sea level. The Salamander Glacier covered an area of approximately 57 acres (0.23 km2) as of 1993. Before Grinnell Glacier retreated significantly it used to encompass The Salamander Glacier and the two become separate sometime before 1929.
 Pemali River is a river in northern Java Indonesia.
 Mount Warlow Glacier is a small glacier located in the Sierra Nevada Range within Kings Canyon National Park in the U.S. state of California. The glacier is on the northwest slope of Mount Warlow (13206 ft (4025 m)) and is .70 mi (1.13 km) southwest of Mount Fiske Glacier.
 Kyrkjebønosi is a mountain that lies north of Hemsedal Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Ghiula River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Manor Farm Swallet is a cave in the limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England which was subject to numerous failed digging attempts between 1947 and 1973 as the surface shafts kept collapsing. In 1973 access to the cave was gained by an artificial shaft and walling it against collapse.
 Kimsaqucha (Quechua kimsa three qucha lake three lakes hispanicized spellings Kinsa Qocha Quimsacocha) is a group of lakes in Peru located in the Cusco Region Calca Province Pisac District. The lakes lie in the north of the district northeast of Pisac in the community of Paru Paru.
 Last Chance is a layered rock outcrop found within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars discovered by the Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity in March 2004. The rock lies within the outcrop near the rover's landing site at Meridiani Planum Mars.Images returned show evidence for a geologic feature known as ripple cross-stratification. At the base of the rock layers can be seen dipping downward to the right.
 Lake George or Lake Dweru is a lake in Uganda. It covers a total surface area of 250 square kilometres (97 sq mi) and is a part of Africa's Great Lakes system although not itself considered one of the Great Lakes. Like the other lakes in the region it was named after a member of the British royal family in this case Prince George later to become King George V of the United Kingdom. Lake George drains to the southwest into Lake Edward through the Kazinga Channel.Explorer Henry M.
 Tavua River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Lake Perris is an artificial lake completed in 1973. It is the southern terminus of the California State Water Project situated in a mountain-rimmed valley between Moreno Valley and city of Perris in what is now the Lake Perris State Recreation Area. The park offers a variety of recreational activities. Because of this and the lake's proximity to major population centers it is very crowded during the summer months.
 The Rätschenhorn (also known as Rätschenflue) is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps overlooking St. Antönien in the canton of Graubünden. It is located west of the Madrisa.
 The rim or edge of a crater is the part that extends above the height of the local surface usually in a circular or elliptical pattern. In a more specific sense the rim may refer to the circular or elliptical edge that represents the uppermost tip of this raised portion. If there is no raised portion the rim simply refers to the inside edge of the curve where the flat surface meets the curve of the crater bottom.
 The Ogașu Tisa is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 The Zula River is a river of Mexico.
 The Gersa River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of two headwaters: the Valea Luschii and the Valea Tăului.
 Mawhpung Bum or Mawhpungbum is a conspicuous mountain of the Sagaing Region Burma. It is located near the border with Kachin State.With a height of 1874 m and a prominence of 1562 m Mawhpung Bum is one of the ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia.
 Mount Huntington is a striking rock and ice pyramid in the Central Alaska Range about 8 miles (13 km) south-southeast of Mount McKinley. It is also about 6 miles (10 km) east of Mount Hunter. While overshadowed in absolute elevation by McKinley Huntington is a steeper peak: in almost every direction faces drop over 5000 feet (1520 m) in about a mile (1.6 km).
 The La Verdure River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 Yaksusan is a mountain in the county of Hongcheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1306.2 m (4285 ft).
 The Chandalar River (T’eedriinjik in Gwich’in) is a 100-mile (160 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska.
 The Râmna River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Ngatiawa River is a river on the Kapiti Coast of New Zealand's North Island that is a major tributary of the Waikanae River. Its headwaters are in the Tararua Range and it flows north and northwest through the Akatarawa Valley to Reikorangi where it meets the Waikanae River.
 The Vidăcut River or Hidecut River is a tributary of the Eliseni River in Romania
 Einøvlingseggen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Molsberger Bach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Nisipari River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
 The Valenciano River is a river in Eastern Puerto Rico. It flows in a northwestern direction from its source and the only settlement which it flows through is the city of Juncos.
 The Ozarks also referred to as the Ozark Mountains Ozarks Mountain Country and the Ozark Plateau are a physiographic and geologic highland region of the central United States. It covers much of the southern half of Missouri and an extensive portion of northwestern and north central Arkansas. The region also extends westward into northeastern Oklahoma and extreme southeastern Kansas.
 The Quirl is a low table mountain in Saxon Switzerland west of the River Elbe.
 Mount Rogers is the highest natural point in the Commonwealth of Virginia USA with a summit elevation of 5729 feet (1746 m) above mean sea level.
 The Pleasant River is a tributary of the Piscataquis River in Piscataquis County Maine. From the confluence of the East Branch and West Branch (45°21′54″N 69°03′11″W) in Brownville the river runs 15.2 miles (24.5 km) south and southeast to its mouth on the Piscataquis in Medford.
 The Pointe de la Gorgeat rising up to 1486 m above sea level in the in the French department of Savoie in the Chartreuse Mountains.
 The Red Hills of Dundee is a mountain range in Yamhill County Oregon.
 Salla Qullu (Aymara salla steep ridge or boulders qullu mountain hispanicized spelling Salla Kkollu Salla Khollu) is a mountain in the Andes located in the Cordillera Occidental of Bolivia about 4730 metres (15518 ft) high. It is situated in the Oruro Department Sajama Province Turco Municipality Chachacomani Canton south east of Mount Capurata and the Acotango volcano and south of the Bolivian Route 4 that leads to Tambo Quemado on the border with Chile.
 Aylmer Lake is the seventh largest lake in the Northwest Territories Canada.
 The Purcell Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern British Columbia Canada. They are a subrange of the Columbia Mountains which includes the Selkirk Monashee and Cariboo Mountains. They are located on the west side of the Rocky Mountain Trench in the area of the Columbia Valley and on the east side of the valley of Kootenay Lake and the Duncan River.
 Butser Hill is a chalk hill and one of the highest points in Hampshire. It is also the highest point on the chalk ridge of the South Downs and the second highest point in the South Downs National Park after Blackdown in the Western Weald. Although only 271 metres (889 ft) high it qualifies as one of England's Marilyns.
 The Little River is a 35.2-mile-long (56.6 km) tributary of the Menominee River on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It rises south of Stephenson and flows south to join the Menominee River 3 miles (5 km) upstream from the twin cities of Menominee Michigan-Marinette Wisconsin on Lake Michigan.
 The Aguapeí River (Portuguese Rio Aguapeí) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Jauru River which in turn is a tributary of the Paraguay River.
 Strahlenfelser Schlossberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Carpen River is a headwater of the Căian River in Romania.
 The Shiliin Bogd (Mongolian: Шилийн богд) is an extinct volcano in eastern Mongolia. The Shiliin Bogd is the highest peak in Sükhbaatar Province at 1778 metres (5833 ft) above sea level and has a crater of 2 kilometers wide and over 300 metres (980 ft) deep.
 The Râul Tăieturii is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 Ciucaş Peak (Romanian: Vârful Ciucaş) is the highest peak of Ciucaş Mountains Southern Carpathians.
 The Barrhorn is a mountain in the Pennine Alps. It is one of the highest summits in the Alps to be accessible to experienced hikers.
 The Prisaca River is a tributary of the Pleşca River in Romania.
 The Valea Vârjoghii is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Monte Madonnino is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Syre or Syr (Luxembourgish: Sir) is a river flowing through Luxembourg joining the Moselle in Mertert. It flows through Schuttrange Roodt-sur-Syre Betzdorf and Manternach.
 Twin Buttes Reservoir is an artificial lake located about 6 mi (9.7 km) southwest of the city of San Angelo Texas and immediately upstream from Lake Nasworthy. With the financial support of the Upper Colorado River Authority construction on Twin Buttes Dam to form the reservoir was completed in 1963.
 The Aiguille du Grépon (literally the Needle of Grépon) informally known as the The Grepon (3482 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc Massif in Haute-Savoie France.
 The Harman River is a river of New Zealand. It starts in the Browning Range of the Southern Alps and becomes the Arahura River which flows into the Tasman Sea north of Hokitika.The river can be reached on foot using the Styx valley track.The river is named for R.J.S. Harman a Canterbury surveyor who discovered the nearby Harman Pass in 1865.
 Haast Pass is a mountain pass in the Southern Alps of the South Island of New Zealand. It is named for Julius von Haast a 19th-century explorer who was also geologist for the Provincial government of Canterbury. The pass was used by Māori in pre-European times but not on a regular basis.It is one of the three passes where a road crosses over the Southern Alps the other two being Lewis Pass and Arthur's Pass although the Homer Tunnel also passes under the Main Divide.
 Bek is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 32 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2010. Bek is named for the Egyptian sculptor Bek who lived in the 1300s BCE.
 The Perdido River is a 65.4-mile-long (105.3 km) river in the U.S. states of Alabama and Florida; the Perdido a designated Outstanding Florida Waters river forms part of the boundary between the two states along nearly its entire length and drains into the Gulf of Mexico.
 Ma′unga Terevaka is the largest tallest (507.41 m (1664.73 ft)) and youngest of three main extinct volcanoes that form Rapa Nui (Easter Island a Chilean island in the Pacific Ocean). Several smaller volcanic cones and craters dot its slopes including a crater hosting one of the island's three lakes Rano Aroi.While Terevaka forms the bulk of Easter Island the island has two older volcanic peaks; Poike which forms the eastern headland and Rano Kau the southern.
 The Huon River is the fourth largest river in Tasmania Australia. It is 170 km in length and runs through the fertile Huon Valley. From Scotts Peak Dam at Lake Pedder where it begins it flows south-east to the Tahune Airwalk where the Picton River joins before heading through the rural township of Glen Huon where just to the south flows down rapids to merge with the sea water and become tidal. From there it then travels through Huonville Franklin and Cygnet (Port Cygnet).
 The Tarong and Tarong North Power Stations source water from the Brisbane River catchment via a pipeline from Wivenhoe Dam. Cooling tower blowdown water is either discharged directly to Tarong Energy's Meandu Creek Dam or supplied to the nearby Tarong Mine owned by Rio Tinto Coal Australia. Excess water from the mine is discharged back to Meandu Creek Dam. Releases from Meandu Creek Dam supply downstream irrigators on Meandu Creek.
 Vetter Mountain is located in the San Gabriel Mountains and within the Angeles National Forest Los Angeles County California. Elevation 5911 feet (1802 m) feet.Named by USFS surveyor Don McLain (ca. 1933) for Victor P. Vetter (nd.) a dedicated Forest Ranger and fire dispatcher. Vetter won the USFS Bissell Medal for outstanding work in forest conservation (1930).The Silver Moccasin Trail crosses the mountain on its eastern slopes.
 The Urmeniș River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
 The Hochwilde or Hohe Wilde (Italian: Altissima) is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 The Nadiș River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
 The Ileksa (Russian: Илекса) is a river in Onezhsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast and Pudozhsky District of the Republic of Karelia in Russia. It is the principal tributary of Lake Vodlozero and thus belongs to the basins of Lake Onega and of the Baltic Sea. It is 155 kilometres (96 mi) long and the area of its basin 3950 square kilometres (1530 sq mi).
 The Blue Grey River is a river of New Zealand. It is an upper tributary of the Grey River flowing from Lake Christabel close to the township of Maruia Springs and flowing west for eight kilometres before reaching the upper Grey River.
 Blue Lake is a small lake adjacent to the town of St. Bathans in Central Otago New Zealand. The lake is man-made the result of sluicing operations that began in 1873 when John Ewing (1844–1922) formed the St.Bathans Channel Company to mine the Kildare Hill Gold Claim in St Bathans. His company constructed a tailings channel and introduced hydraulic elevating to work the claim.
 Cobb Peak at 11650 feet (3550 m) above sea level is the 12th highest peak in the Pioneer Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest and Blaine County. It is the 35th highest peak in Idaho. Cobb Peak is 1.3 mi (2.1 km) south of Hyndman Peak and 0.8 mi (1.3 km) southwest of Old Hyndman Peak.
 Richardson Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the south slopes Luahna Peak and north slopes of Clark Mountain. Richardson Glacier descends from 7800 to 6600 ft (2400 to 2000 m). Richardson Glacier is connected to Clark Glacier to the east at its upper margins. Richardson Glacier is named after J.B. Richardson an early settler to the region.
 Parker Mills Pond is a 105-acre (0.42 km2) pond in Wareham Massachusetts. The Wankinco River flows through the pond. Additionally Harlow Brook flows into the pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish. Route 25 runs through the northern part of the pond just east of the highway's terminus with Interstates 195 and 495 and Route 28 runs along the southern shore of the pond.
 Apparition Mountain is a mountain located in the Palliser Range of Alberta Canada. Named in 1963 by T.W. Swaddle he felt that the name was suitable given other local land features such as the Ghost River Phantom Crag and Devil's Head.
 Liberty Bell Mountain is located in the North Cascades approximately one mile south of Washington Pass on the North Cascades Highway. Liberty Bell is part of the Liberty Bell Group a group of spires which also includes Concord Tower Lexington Tower North Early Winters Spire and South Early Winters Spire.
 The Whakataki River is a river of the southern Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally south before turning east to reach the Pacific Ocean five kilometres north of Castlepoint.
 Jabal Darah is the name used for two mountains in Ras al-Khaimah.
 The Luibiskogel is a mountain in the Geigenkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Río Espíritu Santo is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Manuel Alves River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lake Joe also known as East Oakwood Drive Lake is located about 2 miles (3.2 km) southeast of Avon Park Florida and about 2.25 miles (3.62 km) north of Sebring Florida. It is bounded on three sides by citrus orchards and on the south by a wooded area and a set of railroad tracks.Lake Joe has a 16.8-acre (68000 m2) surface area and is almost round in shape. This lake is surrounded by private property so no public fishing boating or swimming are allowed.
 Goat Mountain at 11913 feet (3631 m) above sea level is the second highest peak in the Pioneer Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located on the border of Sawtooth and Salmon-Challis National Forests as well as Blaine and Custer counties. It is the 16th highest peak in Idaho and less than 2 mi (3.2 km) north-northwest of Hyndman Peak.
 Taschensee is a lake in Scharbeutz Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 2218 m its surface area is 0.4 km².
 Turner is a small lunar impact crater that lies in the Mare Insularum near the Moon's equator. It is located to the southeast of the crater Gambart. Turner is a circular cone-shaped crater with inner walls that slope down to the midpoint. A similar-sized ghost crater is attached to the western rim its interior floor submerged by lava and the surviving rim broken in the southwest.
 Pakhal Lake is a man-made lake in the Pakhal wildlife sanctuary in Warangal district Andhra Pradesh a state in Southern India.
 Sierra del Merendón is a mountain range extending on the eastern border of Guatemala and Honduras. Its south-western border is marked by the Lempa River valley its northern border by the Motagua River valley. The mountain range has several different biomes and habitats including cloud forests.The Cusuco National Park (Parque Nacional El Cusuco) is located on the Honduran side and protects an area 23440 hectares of temperate forest in the Merendón mountain range.
 Little Grass Valley Reservoir is an artificial lake in Plumas County California and Plumas National Forest near the Pacific Crest Trail.The lake's waters are impounded by Little Grass Valley Dam (National ID CA00269) which was completed in 1961.
 The River Nar is a river in England and tributary of the River Great Ouse. It rises at Mileham near Litcham in Norfolk and flows 15 miles west through Castle Acre and Narborough (the latter giving the Nar its name) joining the Ouse at King's Lynn. It has had a variety of alternative names such as the Setch the Sandringham and Lynn Flu though these are rarely if ever used today.
 The Klaas Smits River (Afrikaans: Klaas Smitsrivier) is a river part of the Great Kei River system in the Eastern Cape South Africa. It originates south of Molteno and flows through Sterkstroom first southwards and then southeastwards before joining up with the Black Kei River.
 The Arnaud River (formerly known as the Payne River) is a river in Nunavik Quebec Canada flowing from the low plateaux of the Ungava Peninsula through a series of glacial lakes to Ungava Bay. Its mean discharge is approximately 15 km³ per year but the river flows only in the summer as it is frozen to several metres for the rest of the year.
 Schulensee is a lake in Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 11 m its surface area is 0.13 km².
 Schwarzer Grat is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The About this sound Ammer is a small river in Baden-Württemberg Germany a tributary of the Neckar.It has its source southwest of Herrenberg.
 Tsomoriri or Lake Moriri (official name: Tsomoriri Wetland Conservation Reserve Tibetan: ལྷ་མོའི་བླ་མཚོ Wylie: lha mo bla mtsho) is a lake in the Changthang (literally: northern plains) area in Jammu and Kashmir. The lake is at an altitude of 4595 m (15075 ft); it is the largest of the high altitude lakes in the Trans-Himalayan biogeographic region entirely within India. The lake sits between Ladakh India to the North Tibet to the east and Zanskar in the west.
 Zainsk Reservoir or Zay Reservoir (Russian: Заинское водохранилище Tatar Cyrillic: Зәй сусаклагычы Latin: Zäy susaqlağıçı) is a reservoir of the Zay River near Zainsk Tatarstan Russian Federation. It was filled in 1963 to be a cooling pond for Zainsk TTP. It has surface area 20.5 km² a length 12 km mean width 1.7 km mean depth 3.1 m and a volume 63 million cubic meters.
 The Iliboleng is a stratovolcano located at the southeast end of Adonara Island. The top of the volcano was created by several summit craters. The first eruption was recorded in 1885. The activity is classified as moderate.
 The Das Pedras River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 San Rafael de Navallana Reservoir is a reservoir in Córdoba province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain. Its shores hosted a round of 1923 The X Factor (UK) auditions.
 Gunters Mountain is a plateau-type summit in the U.S. state of Alabama. Part of the Cumberland Plateau Gunters Mountain separates the Cumberland Plateau from the valley of the Tennessee River.Gunters Mountain is in Marshall County and Jackson County just west of Guntersville Lake a reservoir on the Tennessee River. The town of Grant is located on top of the plateau of Gunters Mountain. The mountain is located about halfway between the cities of Guntersville and Scottsboro.
 The Senator River is a tributary of the Boul Mic in Romania.
 The Shulaps Range is a subrange of the Chilcotin Ranges subset of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwest-central British Columbia. The range is 55 km NW–SE and 15 km SW–NE and 2970 km² (1150 mi²) in area.The range is fairly high in elevation with dryland-type summits with some very small icefields. Its highest summits are Shulaps Peak 2880 m (9449 ft) and Big Dog Mountain 2862 m (9390 ft).
 Galle is a crater on Mars. It is located on the eastern rim of the huge impact basin Argyre Planitia. It is named after the astronomer Johann Gottfried Galle.Galle is often known as the happy face crater because the illusion of a smiley is created by a curved mountain range in the southern part of the crater and two smaller mountain clusters further north.
 Wildwood Lake is a natural lake located in Suffolk County on Long Island in Northampton near Riverhead New York USA. The lake was formed by glaciers during the last Ice age.
 Sylva River (Russian: Сылва) is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast and Perm Krai in Russia. It is 493 kilometres (306 mi) in length. The area of the basin is 19700 square kilometres (7600 sq mi). The Sylva River flows into the Chusovoy Cove of the Kama Reservoir. It freezes up in November and stays under the ice until April. Principal tributaries: Iren River Babka River Irgina River Vogulka River (left); Barda River Shakva River (right).
 The Clarence River is located on northeast South Island of New Zealand. It is 160 kilometres long and the eighth longest river in New Zealand.For its first 50 kilometres the river runs in a generally southeastern direction. It then turns northeast running down a long straight valley between the Inland and Seaward Kaikoura Ranges.
 Pico Posets or Punta de Llardana is the second highest peak of the Pyrenees after Aneto. It is located in the Spanish province of Huesca and is 3371 meters high.
 Kedumba River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Blue Mountains and Macarthur regions of New South Wales Australia.
 The Nimăiasa River is a tributary of the Crăciunu River in Romania.
 Great Herring Pond is a 376-acre (1.5 km2) warm water pond mostly located in Plymouth Massachusetts with the southern portion extending into Bourne. The village of Pondville in the Cedarville section of Plymouth lies on the eastern shore of the pond. The pond has an average depth of 20 ft (6 m) and a maximum depth of 42 ft (13 m). The bottom is composed of sand rubble and muck. A tire reef was installed in 1979 toprovide additional fish shelter.
 The Gorgol River is a river of southern Mauritania that is a tributary of the Sénégal River. The river is formed by the confluence of the Gorgol Noir (194 km in length) with the Gorgol Blanc (345 km in length). The Gorgol joins the Sénégal River at Kaédi.The river basin plays an important in role in Mauritanian economy facilated by investment in the 1970s.
 The Apple River is a tributary of the Mississippi River about 55 miles (89 km) long in southwestern Wisconsin and northwestern Illinois in the United States. It rises in Lafayette County Wisconsin and flows for most of its length in Illinois through Jo Daviess and Carroll Counties. Along its course it passes through Apple River Canyon State Park and the town of Hanover.
 Great Whernside is a fell in the Yorkshire Dales England not to be confused with Whernside some 17 miles (27 km) to the west. Its summit is the highest point of the eastern flank of Wharfedale above Kettlewell.
 The Row River is a river approximately 20 miles (32 km) long in Lane County Oregon United States. It rises in the Cascade Range and flows into the Coast Fork Willamette River near Cottage Grove. The stream was originally known as the East Fork Coast Fork but was later renamed after a dispute between neighbors and brothers-in-law George Clark and Joseph Southwell over trespassing livestock. Clark was killed as a result of the row. The name rhymes with cow rather than with slow.
 The Dueré River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Hidișel River is a tributary of the Peţa River in Romania.
 Pen-y-ghent is a fell in the Yorkshire Dales. It is one of the Yorkshire Three Peaks the other two being Ingleborough and Whernside. It lies some 3 km east of Horton in Ribblesdale.
 Viehkogel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Vermelho River (Paranapanema River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Mouca River (or Moca River) is a tributary of the Salcia River in Romania.
 Gitdaebong is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 368 metres.
 The Schwalmis is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking Lake Lucerne in Central Switzerland. Its 2246 metre high summit lies on the border between the cantons of Nidwalden and Uri.
 The Little Isabella River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Tatuí River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Râul Lupului is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 Pontécoulant is a prominent lunar impact crater that is located in the southeastern part of the Moon. Due to its position the crater appears foreshortened from the Earth and it is difficult to observe much detail. Nearby craters include Hanno just to the northeast and the comparably sized Helmholtz due south.This crater has terraced inner wall that is nearly circular but with an outward extension to the southeast. The rim is somewhat worn but retains much detail.
 The São Pedro River (Alonzo River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Pelton River is a 5.9-mile-long (9.5 km) tributary of the Slate River in Gogebic County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. Via the Slate River its water flows to Lake Gogebic which feeds the West Branch Ontonagon River flowing to the Ontonagon River and ultimately to Lake Superior.
 The Furggenspitz is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Feutersoey in the Bernese Oberland.
 Grande Autane is a 2782 m mountain in the Dauphiné Alps close to the cities of Gap and Ancelle in the département of Hautes-Alpes in France.
 Grotbreahesten is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Balinac River (Serbian: Балиначка река/Balinačka Reka) is a tributary of the Žukovska River in Serbia. The Balinac village lies at the source of the river.
 Kem (Russian: Кемь Finnish: Kemijoki) is a river in Republic of Karelia Russia. It starts from Lake Lower Kuyto and flows through a number of lakes into the White Sea. There is a cascade of 5 hydroelectric power plants. A town of Kem is located in the mouth of the Kem River. Tributaries: Chirka-Kem Kepa Shomba.
 Bajit Spielgajávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 3.2-square-kilometre (1.2 sq mi) lake lies less than 100 metres (330 ft) west of the lake Vuolit Spielgajávri and about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of the village of Kautokeino.
 The Claro de Rengo River is a river of Chile.
 The Surduc River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Ranrapallqa (Quechua ranra stony pallqa bifurcation division into two parts hispanicized spelling Ranrapalca) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 6162 m (20217 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region east of the mountain Uqshapallqa.
 Geladaindong Peak (also spelled Geladandong Geladaintong or Kolha Dardong) is a snow-covered mountain (or massif) located in southwestern Qinghai province of China near the border of Tibet. It is the tallest mountain in the Tanggula Mountain Range of the Tibetan Plateau with an elevation of 6621 metres (21722 ft) above sea level. The source of the Yangtze River begins with glaciers on its surface.The mountain's name is Geladaindong in the Tibetan language.
 The Pentaia River is a tributary of the Ruscova River in Romania.
 The Cupsuptic River is a 23.7-mile-long (38.1 km) river in Maine. It flows from its source (45°14′10″N 70°53′52″W) near the Canada – United States border to Cupsuptic Lake the northern arm of Mooselookmeguntic Lake which drains via other lakes into the Androscoggin River. Although short the Cupsuptic River includes three of the highest mountains of New England — Kennebago Divide Snow Mountain and White Cap Mountain — within its watershed.
 Bear Island is an island in Bear Island Lake which is about 15 miles (24 km) southwest of Ely in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The lake measures 2351 acres (9.51 km2) or about 2 miles (3.2 km) by 4 miles (6.4 km). In addition to Bear Island which is by far the largest and sits right in the middle of the lake there are at least 20 other islands in the lake. The shoreline of the natural glacial lake is about two-thirds state and national forest including Bear Island State Forest.
 The D'Aguilar Range is a mountain range near Brisbane Queensland Australia. The town of Dayboro is situated on the lower foothills midway along the range and Woodford lies at the northern most point of the range. Many residential areas line its eastern slopes including the town of Samford and the Brisbane suburb of Ferny Hills. In the west numerous ridges and gullies are heavily forested and designated as state forest or national park.
 Mount Tapulao (also known as High Peak) is the tallest mountain in the Zambales Mountain range and in the province of Zambales in the Philippines. The peak which rise to an elevation of 2037 metres (6683 ft) is located in the municipality of Palauig Zambales. Its name is derived from the abundance of Sumatran Pine trees in the area known in the local Zambal dialect as tapulao.The mountain was once a site of a large-scale chromite mining operations.
 At a height of 2494 m AA the Torhelm is one of the highest mountains in the Kitzbühel Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It lies at the head of several side valleys of the Ziller and Brixental valleys. Northwest of the summit is the Hemergrund the head of the Märzengrund a side valley of the Ziller. The Wilde Krimml stream to the southwest drains via the Krummbach and the Gerlos valley into the Ziller valley whilst the Lange Grund to the northeast runs via the Kelchsau into the Brixental.
 The Ericó River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 The Do Umbuzeiro River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 Specimen Mountain elevation 12494 ft (3808 m) is a summit in the Front Range of northern Colorado. The mountain is north of Milner Pass in Rocky Mountain National Park.
 Monte Vesta is a mountain of Lombardy Italy.It administratively belongs to the province of Brescia.
 Sierra de Nava Alta or Sierra de la Nava Alta is a mountain range in the Valdejalón comarca Aragon Spain located west of the A-121 road between Fuendejalón and Ricla and east of Tierga and Mesones de Isuela.The ridge's highest summits are Peña de las Armas (1154 m) Buitrera de Valdearcos (994 m) and Monegre (922 m).The Santuario de la Virgen de Rodanas is located in the Sierra de Nava Alta about 12 km to the west of Épila town.
 Rio Verde (Portuguese for green river) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Trolla is a mountain in the Trollheimen mountain range in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of the village of Sunndalsøra and about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) north of the village of Grøa.
 The Balindru River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Manisan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 640 metres.
 The Todești River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 The Prairie River (Big Sandy Lake) is a river of Minnesota. The river is located in northern Minnesota in northeast Aitkin County and southwest Saint Louis County.
 Mount Hakodate (函館山 Hakodate-yama) is a mountain in Hakodate Hokkaidō Japan.The mountain is renowned for it's view of the surrounding bay and city. The Michelin Green Guide: Japan gave the experience 3/3 stars in a review placing it as equal to mountain views of Naples and Hong Kong. The peak is accessible by hiking or by bike as well as by a regular cable car service.
 The Freman River is a tributary of the Cioara River in Romania.
 The Vârtop River is a tributary of the Peşteana River in Romania.
 The Musi River is located in southern Sumatra Indonesia.It is about 750 kilometers long and drains most of South Sumatra province. After flowing through Palembang the provincial capital it joins with the several other rivers including the Banyuasin River to form a delta near the city of Sungsang.
 Meall Fuar-mhonaidh is a hill on the west side of Loch Ness in the Highlands of Scotland. At 699 m in height it is listed as a Graham and a Marilyn.Its rounded shape and prominent position make it a distinctive landmark visible from along much of Loch Ness.Meall Fuar-mhonaidh is usually climbed from Grotaig a hamlet at the end of minor road to the south-west of Drumnadrochit. From there a footpath passes through woods then out onto moorland.
 Roda is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Falcon Lake is located in the Whiteshell Provincial Park in southeastern Manitoba Canada. The lake is reputedly named for Métis poet / songwriter Pierre Falcon (1793-1876). The lake may have inspired the name of TV series Falcon Beach although that fictional location is set on another Manitoba Lake.It is known in Ufology for the Falcon Lake Incident.
 Lake Linville is a 356-acre (1.44 km2) reservoir in Rockcastle County Kentucky. It was created in 1968 by the construction of the earthen Renfro Dam 72 feet high with a length of 1100 feet owned and operated by the Commonwealth of Kentucky. The dam is a highway fill embankment along Interstate 75.
 Cremera is a 36.7 km Italian stream in Lazio (and previously in Etruria) which runs past Sacrofano Formello and Campagnano di Roma before falling into the Tiber about 10 km north of Rome. It connects to the Tiber just as the Via Flaminia intersects the Grande Raccordo Anulare highway on the proximity of the Labaro Roma Nord railway station where an ancient Roman bridge is.The identification with the Fosso della Valchetta is fixed as correct by the account in Livy ii.
 The São Domingos River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Gibbs is a lunar impact crater that lies near the eastern limb of the Moon. It is situated less than a crater diameter to the northeast of the larger crater Hecataeus. The crater chain Catena Humboldt passes to the south of Gibbs following a line to the northeast.
 Ptari-tepui also spelled Pu-tari and sometimes called Cerro Budare or Cerro del Budare is a tepui in Bolívar state Venezuela. Lying near the centre of the Sierra de Lema it has a maximum elevation of around 2400 metres (7900 ft) above sea level. Its mostly bare summit plateau has an area of 1.25 km2 (0.48 sq mi).
 Lake Karachay (Russian: Карача́й) sometimes spelled Karachai is a small lake in the southern Ural mountains in western Russia. Starting in 1951 the Soviet Union used Karachay as a dumping site for radioactive waste from Mayak the nearby nuclear waste storage and reprocessing facility located near the town of Ozyorsk (then called Chelyabinsk-40).
 The Coasa River is a tributary of the Lepșa River in Romania.
 Kappe is a hill in the Damshausen Hills of Hesse Germany.de:Kappe (Hinterland)
 The Valea Calului River is a tributary of the Băneşti River in Romania.
 Hańcza is a lake in Suwałki Region Podlaskie Voivodeship Poland. It is 311.4 ha large 4.5 km long and 1.2 km wide. It is the deepest lake in Poland with maximum depth of 108.5 m.
 Etang de Trente Pas is a small lake and bog below Mont Gond (2709 m) above Conthey in Valais Switzerland. A literal translation of its name is Pond of 30 steps. The unit of measure pas equaled about 60 centimeters. Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Storstyggesvånåtinden is a mountain in the municipality of Lesja in Oppland Norway. The summit is the highest point in Lesja.
 The Dry River is an intermittent tributary 88 miles (142 km) long of the Crooked River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The stream arises near Hampton Buttes north of Hampton and U.S. Route 20 between Brothers and Riley in the Oregon High Desert. Beginning in eastern Deschutes County near its border with Crook County it flows generally northwest along the Deschutes–Crook county line crossing briefly into Crook County before turning slightly south and returning to Deschutes County.
 Mount Machine (待根山 Machine-yama) is a mountain located in the Kabato Mountains on the border of Tōbetsu and Shintotsukawa Hokkaidō Japan. Mount Machine derives its name from the Ainu language matne-sir meaning female land. The name of neighboring Pinneshiri means 'male land. Pinneshiri Mount Kamuishiri and Mount Machine are together known as The Three Mountains of Kabato (樺戸三山 Kabato Sanzan).
 Mount Kenya is the highest mountain in Kenya and the second-highest in Africa after Kilimanjaro. The highest peaks of the mountain are Batian (5199 metres (17057 ft)) Nelion (5188 metres (17021 ft)) and Point Lenana (4985 metres (16355 ft)). Mount Kenya is located in central Kenya just south of the equator around 150 kilometres (93 mi) north-northeast of the capital Nairobi.
 Postojna Cave (Slovene: Postojnska jama; German: Adelsberger Grotte; Italian: Grotte di Postumia) is a 20570 m long karst cave system near Postojna Slovenia. It is the second-longest cave system in the country (following the Migovec Cave System) as well as one of its top tourism sites. The caves were created by the Pivka River.
 Mount Williams is the 4th highest peak in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. It is located in the Greylock Range in Berkshire County. Its altitude is 2951 feet.
 Sirk'i Qullu (Aymara sirk'i wart qullu mountain wart mountain hispanicized spellings Serkhe Kkollu Serkhe Khollu Serkhe Kollu Serque Qollu) is a mountain in the Andes about 5546 m (18196 ft) high located in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia in the La Paz Department Pedro Domingo Murillo Province La Paz Municipality north east of the capital La Paz.
 The Pârâul Turnului is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Horrocks is a lunar impact crater located entirely within the eroded northeast rim of the much larger walled plain Hipparchus. To the south of Horrocks are the craters Halley and Hind and Rhaeticus to the north. Gyldén and Saunder lie to the west and east respectively. The crater Horrocks was named after the 17th-century English astronomer Jeremiah Horrocks.The rim of Horrocks is somewhat irregular and polygonal particularly with an outward protrusion on the eastern rim.
 Lake Chew Bahir (Amharic: ጨው ባሕር č̣ew bāhir salty lake) or Lake Istifanos also called Stefanie Basso Naebor and Chuwaha is a lake in southern Ethiopia on the boundary between the Oromia and the Southern Nations Nationalities and Peoples' Regions.
 The Nossob (also Nosob or Nossop) River (ǂnuse ǃab Khoikhoi for black river) is a dry river bed in eastern Namibia and the Kalahari region of South Africa and Botswana. It covers a distance of 740km and last flooded in 1989. The river also lends its name to Nossob camp 25°25′18″S 20°35′47″E in the Kgalagadi Transfrontier Park.
 The Te Rahotaiepa River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It rises to the north of Lake Ianthe and flows parallel with the Tasman Sea coast along the edge of marshy ground for several kilometres to flow into the mouth of the Waitaha River.
 Lone Tree Creek is a 102-mile-long (164 km) tributary that joins the South Platte River in Weld County Colorado east of Greeley. The creek's source is west of Buford in Albany County Wyoming.
 Bicol River is the eight largest river in the Philippines in terms of drainage basin size with an estimated catchment area of 3770 km². The river drains the southwestern part of the island of Luzon and passes through Camarines Sur Albay and Camarines Norte provinces in the Bicol Region.The river starts from Lake Bato 6 metres above sea level and flows 94 kilometres downstream to its estuarine mouth at San Miguel Bay.
 The Săcuieu River or Hențu River or Sebeș River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of headwaters Răchiţele and Valea Stanciului
 The Aiguille des Grands Charmoz (3445 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc Massif in Haute-Savoie France.
 Lac de Darbon is a lake in Haute-Savoie France. Located at an elevation of 1813 m its surface area is 2 ha.
 Andkjelvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the southeastern part of the municipality of Sørfold about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) northeast of the village of Straumen. The water flows out through the Tørrfjordelva river into the Sørfolda fjord. Most of the water that would naturally flow into the lake from the lake Sisovatnet to the east is diverted to a hydroelectric power station on the lake Straumvatnet.
 Gharib is a crater near the north pole of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Gharib was first seen in Voyager 2 images. It is located at 81.1° North Latitude 241.2° West Longitude and is 26 kilometers across. A large dome-like structure occupies the interior of the crater suggesting the crater has undergone significant viscous relaxation.Gharib is named after a hero from Arabian Nights.
 Lake Aviemore or Mahi Tikumu is a man-made lake in New Zealand's South Island part of the Waitaki hydroelectric scheme. Immediately upstream is Lake Benmore and downstream Lake Waitaki.
 The Cimbrina River is a tributary of the Șomuzul Mare River in Romania.
 Ramsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Valme is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 This article is about the lake in British Columbia Canada. For the reservoir in Washington United States see Lake Kokanee.Kokanee Lake is one of over 30 alpine lakes located in British Columbia's Kokanee Glacier Provincial Park. The lake is approximately 1200 m long and 400 m wide at an elevation of 1981 m (6498 ft) and located at the head of Kokanee Creek. It is fed by the Kokanee Glacier and is the headwater of Kokanee Creek.
 The Coppename is a river in Suriname (South America) in the district of Sipaliwini forming part of the boundary between the districts of Coronie and Saramacca.
 Dudh Koshi (दुधकोशी नदी Milk-Koshi River) is a river in eastern Nepal.
 The Cartanul River is a tributary of the Pârâul Moișii in Romania.
 Saser Pass Saser La or Sasser Pass (el. 5411 m or 17753 ft) is a high mountain pass in Ladakh and India on the ancient summer caravan route from Leh in Ladakh to Yarkand in the Tarim Basin. It leads from the head of the Nubra Valley into the upper Shyok valley on the way to the even higher but easier Karakoram Pass.
 The Colorado River (Spanish: Río Colorado Spanish pronunciation: [ˈri.o koloˈɾaðo]) is a river in the south of Argentina.The Colorado River marks most of the political boundary between the Argentine provinces of Neuquén and Mendoza and between Rio Negro and La Pampa. Its man-made dam 'Embalse Casa de Piedra' serves both to generate hydroelectricity for the arid region the river traverses and to regulate the river's water level.
 Piirakajärv is a lake in the northeast of Estonia close to its border with Russia.
 The Agăstin River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Cracul Mare and Cracul Mic.
 The Gamsberg is a mountain in the Appenzell Alps overlooking the region of Walenstadt in the canton of St. Gallen. Located in the Alvier group it is the culminating point of the range lying between Lake Walenstadt and Toggenburg.The summit is relatively difficult to access. There is no trail leading to the top.Not to be confused with the mountain of the same name in Namibia.
 Mount Bates is the highest point of Norfolk Island an external territory of Australia at 319 metres (1047 ft) above sea level.
 The Wilson Glacier is a medium-sized tributary glacier located on the southeast flank of Mount Rainier in Washington. Named after A.D. Wilson who was part of an early ascent of Mount Rainier the body of ice has an area of 0.5 square miles (1.3 km2) and has a volume of 1.9 billion feet3 (54 million m3). The glacier is directly feeds ice to the adjacent but much larger Nisqually Glacier. Starting from the head at 9700 feet (3000 m) the glacier flows downhill southward.
 Lewis Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington and is 1 mi (1.6 km) southeast of Black Peak. Lewis Glacier is just east of the border of North Cascades National Park and has a pronounced terminal moraine now well below the current terminus of the glacier.
 Caher (Irish: Cathair or Cathair na Féinne meaning stone fort of the Fianna) also called Caher East Top is the third-highest mountain peak in Ireland at 1001 metres (3284 ft). Some sources give its height as 1000 metres (3300 ft). It lies to the southwest of Carrauntoohil (Ireland's highest peak) in the MacGillycuddy's Reeks of County Kerry. It is classed as a Furth by the Scottish Mountaineering Club and is also in the list of Irish Munros.The summit is at grid reference V792838.
 Dunyazad is a large crater on Saturn's moon Enceladus first discovered by the Voyager spacecraft. It is named after Dunyazad the sister of Scheherazade in The Book of One Thousand and One Nights.Dunyazad is located at 41.9°N 200.6°W﻿ / 41.9; -200.6 and is approximately 30.9 kilometers across making it one of the largest craters on Enceladus.
 Broklandsau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Valea Șteitorilor River is a tributary of the Bucureșci River in Romania.
 Lake Mayfield is a reservoir located near Mossyrock Washington in Lewis County. It was created by Mayfield Dam on the Cowlitz River one of the dams in the Columbia River watershed. The Mayfield Dam was constructed in 1963 as a concrete arch and gravity dam.
 The Addicks Reservoir and Addicks Dam in conjunction with the Barker Reservoir prevent downstream flooding of Buffalo Bayou in the City of Houston. Both reservoirs were authorized under the Rivers and Harbors Act of June 20 1938 which were modified by the Flood Control Acts of August 11 1938; September 3 1954; and October 27 1965.
 The Pointe des Grands is a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif located on the border between France and Switzerland north-west of the Aiguille du Tour.The mountain overlooks the Glacier des Grands on its (Swiss) northern side.
 Lake Michie is a reservoir in central North Carolina within the Neuse River watershed. The lake is located in northern Durham County near the town of Bahama. Fed principally by the Flat River Lake Michie is the primary reservoir for the city of Durham. The reservoir dam was completed in 1926.In addition to retaining drinking water for the city the concrete and earthwork dam built between 1924 and 1926 supplied hydroelectric power to Durham until 1960 when the generators were removed.
 Burnhope Reservoir (/ˈbʊnəp/ BUUN-əp) is a reservoir above the village of Wearhead County Durham.The reservoir was created by the construction of an earth embankment dam across the valley of Burnhope Burn a tributary of the River Wear 1 km above Wearhead. Construction of the dam began in 1931 and was completed in 1937; an extensive network of narrow gauge railways the Burnhope Reservoir railway was used during the construction of the dam.
 The South Hills is a term for a number of small foothills in various Montana communities most notably those at el. 3592 feet (1095 m) south of Missoula Montana in Missoula County Montana.
 Amapá Grande River is a river of Amapá state in eastern Brazil.
 The Sărăcinul Mare River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Copahue (Spanish pronunciation: [koˈpawe]) is a stratovolcano nestled on the border between Argentina and Chile. There are nine volcanic craters along a 2 km (1.2 mi) line and the eastern summit crater contains a briny acidic 300 m (1000 ft) wide crater lake. Twentieth-century eruptions from the crater lake have ejected pyroclastic rocks and chilled liquid sulfur fragments.
 Wei-Assipu-tepui also known as Little Roraima or Roraimita is a minor tepui of the Eastern Tepuis chain. It lies just off the northeastern flank of Roraima-tepui directly on the border between Brazil and Guyana and very close to the tripoint with Venezuela. The mountain is known for its extensive cave systems with one extending for over a kilometre.Wei-Assipu-tepui has a maximum elevation of around 2400 metres (7870 ft).
 The Chong-Kemin River (Kyrgyz: Чоң-Кемин дарыясы) is a river in Kemin District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan. It is a right tributary of the Chu River in Boom Gorge.It has a length of 116 km with a basin area of 1890 km ².
 The Jacaré Pepira River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Valea Răchițele River is a headwater of the Rândibou river in Romania.
 The Brahmaputra (/ˌbrɑːməˈpuːtrə/; Assamese: ব্ৰহ্মপুত্ৰ লুইত (Luit); Sanskrit: ब्रह्मपुत्र; Hindi: ब्रह्मपुत्र; Bengali: ব্ৰহ্মপুত্ৰ নদ; Tibetan: ཡར་ཀླུངས་གཙང་པོ་) also called Tsangpo-Brahmaputra is a trans-boundary river and one of the major rivers of Asia.With its origin in the Angsi Glacier located on the northern side of the Himalayas in Burang County of Tibet as the Yarlung Tsangpo River it flows across southern Tibet to break through the Himalayas in great gorges (including the Yarlung Tsangpo Grand Canyon) and into Arunachal Pradesh (India) where it is known as Dihang or Siang. 
 Seckach (Lauchert) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Tiefenbach (Jagst) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Phu Luong is a mountain in Vietnam. It has an elevation of 2985 metres (9793 ft) above sea level. With a topographic prominence of 1930 metres (6332 ft) it is the fourth most prominent peak in Indochina (comprising Vietnam Laos and Cambodia). Phu Luong is located within the Sơn La Province of Vietnam.
 The Scărișoara River is a tributary of the Borăscu River in Romania.
 The Pietrișul Creek ( in Hungarian Köves-patak ) is a right tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name means Rocky or Stoney Creek.
 The Kaiikanui River is a river of Northland New Zealand.
 Ocherbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Romereifeldgraben is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Tulare Lake named Laguna de Tache by the Spanish is a freshwater dry lake with residual wetlands and marshes in southern San Joaquin Valley California United States. After Lake Cahuilla disappeared in the 17th century Tulare Lake was the largest freshwater lake west of the Mississippi River and the second largest freshwater lake entirely in the United States based upon surface area.
 The Nass River is a river in northern British Columbia Canada. It flows 380 km (240 mi) from the Coast Mountains southwest to Nass Bay a sidewater of Portland Inlet which connects to the North Pacific Ocean via the Dixon Entrance.
 The Bistricioara River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania which it joins at the upper end of Lake Izvorul Muntelui.
 Sherwin Summit (el. 6426 feet 1959 m) is a mountain pass on U.S. Highway 395.It is located south of Tom's Place and Crowley Lake in the eastern part of the Sierra Nevada range. South of the summit the road starts on its long 2400 foot (610 m) descent into the 4000 ft (1200 m) high Owens Valley. The Owens River generally follows the road from this summit through the Owens Valley.
 Voldsfjorden or Voldafjorden is a fjord in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 18-kilometre (11 mi) long fjord begins at the confluence of the Austefjorden and the Kilsfjorden.The Voldsfjorden reaches a maximum depth of 697 metres (2287 ft) below sea level making it the deepest fjord in all of Sunnmøre. The fjord cuts into the mainland of Norway and it is surrounded by the Sunnmørsalpene mountains.
 Allison Peak is located on the Canadian provincial boundary of Alberta and British Columbia along the Continental Divide. It was named in 1915 by Morrison P. Bridgland after Douglas Allison.
 Knisterbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bezerc River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Brown Gelly is a tor hill and ridge near Dozmary Pool on Bodmin Moor near Liskeard in Cornwall UK.At its foot lies Browngelly Downs and the area has preserved various remains of hut circles barrows and cairns. Five cairns are located in a semi-circular arc along the rige of Brown Gelly. They are prominent from a distance and Christopher Tilley suggests they were intended to be seen as a group from the west and the east in order to analogically resemble or simulate tors.
 The Ilm is a river in Bavaria Germany left tributary of the Abens. Its source is near Altomünster. It is approx. 82 km long. It flows generally north through the small towns Hilgertshausen-Tandern Reichertshausen Pfaffenhofen an der Ilm Geisenfeld and Vohburg. It flows into the Abens near Neustadt an der Donau.
 Geitryggen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 The Floyd River is a tributary of the Missouri River 112 miles (180 km) long in northwestern Iowa in the United States. It enters the Missouri at Sioux City and is named for Charles Floyd a member of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.
 Lessard Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 Kinnekulle is a hill or ridge in the province of Västergötland Sweden. It is located on the eastern shore of lake Vänern. Its highest point is 306 metres above sea level. The Kinnekulle Ring is a popular nearby racetrack. The historic town and church of Husaby are located on the south side of the Kinnekulle.
 Vadakkechira (Malayalam: വടക്കെചിര) is one of the four oldest pond in Thrissur city of Kerala in India. It was built by Shakthan Thampuran (1751-1805) and is one of Thrissur's famous landmarks. It is owned by Cochin Devaswom Board.
 The Batar (Ukrainian: Батар Hungarian: Batár) is a river in Ukraine and Hungary. It is a left tributary of the river Tisza which it joins at Tiszabecs. Its source is near the village Cherna about 10 km east of Korolevo in Vynohradiv Raion. It flows through the villages Cherna Hudia Kholmovets and Magosliget.
 Lynx Mountain is a mountain peak in the Canadian Rockies. It is located on the continental divide between the provinces of Alberta and British Columbia in the Cushina Ridge of the Continental Ranges.
 Mount Aylmer is a mountain in Banff National Park Canada. At 3162 m (10374 ft) it is the highest point of the Palliser Range and the entire East Banff Ranges of the Canadian Rockies. The mountain was named in 1890 by J.J. McArthur after his hometown of Aylmer Quebec.The summit can be climbed via scrambling. Anyone who successfully reaches the summit is rewarded with not only a great view of Lake Minnewanka but also a summit registry box.
 The Crevedia River is a tributary of the Chiricanu River in Romania.
 Tâmpa (German: Zinne or Kapellenberg; Hungarian: Cenk; Latin: Mons Cinum) is a mountain part of the Postăvarul Massif located in the southern part of the Eastern Carpathians (alternatively categorized as in the Curvature Carpathians) and almost entirely surrounded by the city of Braşov.
 Satuba River is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil.
 Tikllaqucha (Quechua tiklla two-colored / eyelash qucha lake lagoon hispanicized spelling Ticllacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Yauyos Province Tanta District. It is situated at a height of about 4475 metres (14682 ft) south of the lakes Pawqarqucha Ch'uspiqucha and Pisququcha and northwest of the mountains Qutuni and Wayna Qutuni.
 Claassee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.1 m its surface area is 0.106 km².
 Ziegenkopf (Habichtswald) is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Fanno Creek is a 15-mile (24 km) tributary of the Tualatin River in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 Piz dal Diavel is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located in Graubünden Switzerland. It is part of the Swiss National Park.
 Suntar-Khayata Range (Russian: Сунтар-Хаята) is a granite mountain range rising along border of Sakha Republic in the north with Amur Oblast and Khabarovsk Krai in the south.The highest point of the range is Mus-Khaya Mountain in Sakha Republic 2959 m. Berill Mountain 2933 m is the highest in Khabarovsk Krai.Suntar-Khayata Range is a watershed divide between the Aldan River which eventually flows into the Lena River and the Arctic Ocean and the Sea of Okhotsk.
 Lac de Lussy is a lake in the bog at Châtel-Saint-Denis in the canton of Fribourg Switzerland. Lake and bog are part of a nature preserve listed in the Inventory of Mire Landscapes of Particular Beauty and National Importance.
 The Postojna Gate (Slovene: Postojnska vrata) also Adriatic Gate and Italo-Illyrian Gate is a major mountain pass of the Dinaric Alps. Located in Slovenia the pass's approximately 30-kilometre (19 mi) wide saddle allows for the lowest crossing of the Dinaric Alps at an elevation of 606 metres (1988 ft) and a second higher crossing at the Hrušica plateau. It is bordered to the south by the Javornik Hills (Javorniki) and to the north by the Trnovo Forest.
 Lake Peekskill is a reservoir located in the town of Putnam Valley in Putnam County New York. The lake which was originally called Lower Cranberry Pond before being dammed was developed in the 1920s by McGolrick Co. with summer cottages sold to New York City residents. Now most residents are year-round inhabitants. There are three private beaches on the lake: North Beach Singers Beach and Carraras Beach.
 Black River is a 4.2-mile-long (6.8 km) river in the southwest part of the U.S. state of Michigan that empties into Lake Michigan in South Haven at 42°24′08″N 86°17′04″W where it discharges past the South Pier Lighthouse. The river takes its name from the dark brown color of its water which is caused by suspended sediments and organic materials picked up along its course.
 Pic de la Pala Alta de Sarradé is a mountain of the Pyrenees Catalonia Spain. Located in the Aigüestortes i Estany de Sant Maurici National Park it has an elevation of 2983 metres above sea level).
 Akkajaure is one of the largest reservoirs in Sweden. It lies at the headwaters of the Lule River in Norrbotten County in Swedish Lappland within the Stora Sjöfallet national park. The lake formed after the construction of the first Suorva dam in 1913–1923. The rim of the current dam is at an elevation of 453 m (1486 ft). When full the lake's maximum depth is 92 m (302 ft) and its mean depth is about 30 m (98 ft).
 Grasmere is one of the smaller lakes of the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria. It gives its name to the village of Grasmere famously associated with the poet William Wordsworth which lies immediately to the north of the lake.The lake is 1680 yd (1540 m) long and 700 yd (640 m) wide covering an area of 0.24 mi² (0.62 km²). It has a maximum depth of 70 ft (21m) and an elevation above sea level of 208 ft (62 m).
 Piz Cotschen is a mountain of the Swiss Silvretta Alps located north of Guarda and Ardez in the canton of Graubünden. It lies between the valleys of Val Tuoi and Val Tasna.
 The Avers Rhine (German: Averserrhein Romansh: Ragn da Ferrera) is a tributary of the Hinterrhein in the Swiss Canton of Graubünden.
 The Boura Mountains are a mountain range in Djibouti. With a mean peak height of 1037 metres (3402 ft) the ecology of this landform is semi-desert. The mountain is located approximately 32 kilometres (20 mi) east of Ali Sabieh 13 kilometres (8 mi) from Assamo by road. The altitude and size of the range affects its weather with precipitation levels varying greatly and climatic conditions consisting of distinct zones. Wildlife live in the higher peaks to elevations of 1037 m (3402 ft).
 The Rangitikei River should not be confused with the Rangitaiki River in the Bay of Plenty another of New Zealand's larger rivers which flows through the central and northern North Island.The Rangitikei River is one of New Zealand's longest rivers 185 kilometers long.Its headwaters are to the southeast of Lake Taupo in the Kaimanawa Ranges.
 Lawrence Brook is a tributary of the Raritan River. Its entire course is in Middlesex County New Jersey in the United States.
 The Păltinoasa River or Paltinul River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 Palgrave Pond (also known as the Palgrave Mill Pond) is a reservoir just northwest of the community of Palgrave in the Town of Caledon Regional Municipality of Peel in the Greater Toronto Area of southern Ontario Canada. It is adjacent to Ontario Highway 50 (Peel Regional Road 50) and was formed by the damming of the main branch of the Humber River originally to create a mill pond.
 Arthur's Seat is the main peak of the group of hills in Scotland which form most of Holyrood Park described by Robert Louis Stevenson as a hill for magnitude a mountain in virtue of its bold design. It is situated in the centre of the city of Edinburgh about a mile to the east of Edinburgh Castle. The hill itself rises above the city to a height of 250.5 m (822 ft) provides excellent panoramic views of the city is relatively easy to climb and is popular for hillwalking.
 The Prăpastia River is a tributary of the Mereni River in Romania.
 Jiehkkevárri (sometimes spelled as Jiekkevarri or Jiekkevarre) is a mountain on the border of the municipalities of Lyngen and Tromsø in Troms county Norway. It is the highest mountain in Troms county and has the second highest prominence (primary factor) among Norwegian mountains.
 The Roșia River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
 The Hiller Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County Nevada.
 The Rotsee is a natural rowing lake on the northern edge of Lucerne Switzerland. It is 2400 m long with virtually no current and protected from winds by nearby hills making it an ideal rowing venue.The first regatta was hosted here in 1933 and since been the venue of a large number of international rowing events (including the first ever World Rowing Championships).The lake is the venue for the final leg of the Rowing World Cup series.
 Galilaei is a lunar impact crater located in the western Oceanus Procellarum. Some distance to the southeast is the crater Reiner while to the south-southwest is Cavalerius. Northeast of the crater is a meandering rille named the Rima Galilaei. To the southeast is the unusual Reiner Gamma formation a swirling arrangement of light-hued ray-like material.Galilaei is relatively undistinguished with a sharp-edged rim that has a higher albedo than the surrounding maria.
 Mount Lawit (Gunung Lawit) is a mountain on the island of Borneo. It is 1767 metres tall and sits on the international border between Indonesia and Malaysia. On the Indonesian side of the border the mountain is within the Betung Kerihun National Park.
 The Sebeș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Ţiganu and Buzduganu
 Thalay Sagar is a mountain in the Gangotri Group of peaks in the western Garhwal Himalayas on the main ridge that lies south of the Gangotri Glacier. It lies in the northern Indian state of Uttarakhand 10 kilometres (6 mi) southwest of the Hindu holy site of Gaumukh (the source of the Bhagirathi River).
 Pacheco Creek is a 3.4-mile-long (5.5 km) waterway in central Contra Costa County California. It empties into San Pablo Bay.
 Theel is a river of Saarland Germany.
 The Drăgoiu River is a tributary of the Strâmbu River in Romania.
 The Almaș River is a tributary of the Cracău River in Romania.
 The Heart River is a 4.8-mile-long (7.7 km) river in the U.S. state of Wyoming tributary to the Snake River. Its entire course is contained inside Yellowstone National Park. The river rises on the Continental Divide in the Rocky Mountains a few miles southeast of Yellowstone Lake. Its headwater streams flow into Heart Lake from whose southeastern end the main Heart River issues receiving two tributary streams from the northeast and flowing southwest into a short but steep gorge.
 Amici is a lunar impact crater that is located on the rugged far side of the Moon. It lies to the south of the larger crater Icarus to the north of McKellar.The rim of Amici has been eroded and distorted by subsequent impacts so that is now has a somewhat polygonal shape. It has a valley at the southern end that extends toward the satellite crater Amici M. The interior floor has no notable impact formations but is pock-marked by tiny craterlets.
 The Paulins Kill (also known as Paulinskill or Paulinskill River) is a 41.6-mile (66.9 km) tributary of the Delaware River in northwestern New Jersey in the United States. With a long-term median flow rate of 76 cubic feet of water per second (2.15 m³/s) it is New Jersey's third-largest contributor to the Delaware River behind the Musconetcong River and Maurice River.
 Monte Strega is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 Spantik or Golden Peak is a mountain in Spantik-Sosbun Mountains subrange of Karakoram in Nagar Valley Gilgit Baltistan Pakistan. Its northwest face features an exceptionally hard climbing route known as the Golden Pillar. It lies east of Diran and northeast of Malubiting.
 Chagan Lake (Chinese: 查干湖) is a lake in Jilin China. The name Chagan is from Mongolian meaning sacred pure or white so the lake is often referred to as Sacred Lake or Holy Water Lake (聖水湖) by local people. The lake is known for traditional winter fishing that dates back to prehistoric times.
 Lake Findley also known as Lake Alice is a reservoir on Chiltipin Creek about 1 mile (1.6 kilometers) north of the city of Alice Texas. The reservoir was formed in 1965 by the construction of a dam across the creek. The dam and lake are managed by the City of Alice. Lake Findley serves as a venue for recreation especially fishing.
 Lonja is a river in central Croatia a left tributary of Sava. It is 133 kilometres (83 mi) long and its basin covers an area of 5944 square kilometres (2295 sq mi).Lonja rises in the Kalnik mountain in northern Croatia southeast of Novi Marof at 46.132404°N 16.371417°E﻿ / 46.132404; 16.371417. It flows westward until turning south near Breznički Hum passing east of Sveti Ivan Zelina and turning southeast near Sveta Helena.
 Petrohué River (Spanish pronunciation: [petɾoˈwe]) is a Chilean river located in the Los Lagos Region of Chile. It originates from Todos los Santos Lake in the Vicente Pérez Rosales National Park. At its origin are founded the Petrohué Waterfalls.
 Independence Peak or Qullai Istiqlol (Tajik: Қуллаи Истиқлол) at 6940 m (22769 ft) is the fourth highest peak in Pamir Mountains located at the center of Tajikistan's Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province above the source of Yazgulem River in the Yazgulem Range. The mountain consists of three snow and ice covered summits and its northwest face is the source of the Fedchenko Glacier.
 Rose (Brachtpe) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Valea Oiței River is a tributary of the Valea lui Șmit River in Romania.
 Ashford Reservoir is a small reservoir on the eastern side of the Quantock Hills near the villages of Charlynch and Spaxton in Somerset England. It was constructed 1934 as a water supply reservoir for Bridgwater. It collects the water of Cannington Brook which is also dammed at Hawkridge Reservoir.Fishing is allowed and catches include; Bream Perch and Roach.The water treatment centre provides educational opportunities.
 The Owyhee Mountains are a mountain range in Owyhee County Idaho and Malheur County Oregon.Mahogany Mountain and the associated volcanic craters of the Lake Owyhee volcanic field are in the Owyhee Mountains of Oregon just east of the Owyhee Reservoir on the Owyhee River.The southeastern end of the range including the old mining area west of Silver City is referred to as the Silver City Range.
 Raanujärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Tornionjoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Lapland in Finland.
 Puntal dels Escambrons is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 500 metres above sea level. It is located in the Almatret Segrià and Riba-roja d'Ebre Ribera d'Ebre municipal limits. It is the highest hill of the Segrià comarca.A wind farm the Parc Eòlic Els Escambrons is being built on this mountain and neighboring ridges.
 Lake Elmenteita also spelled Elementaita is a soda lake in the Great Rift Valley about 120 km northwest of Nairobi Kenya.
 Beinn Chùirn is a Scottish hill situated five kilometres west-southwest of Tyndrum it stands on the border of Stirlingshire and Perthshire at the northern extremity of the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park.
 The Schitu River is a tributary of the Oreavul River in Romania.
 The Topatopa Mountains are a mountain range in Ventura County California north of Ojai and Santa Paula. They are part of the Transverse Ranges of Southern California.
 The Gölsen is a tributary of the Traisen that is located in the Lower Austrian region of Mostviertel.The river begins in Hainfeld with the merging of the Fliedersbach and the Ramsaubach (also called the Innere Gölsen). It then flows through the communities of Hainfeld Rohrbach an der Gölsen and Sankt Veit an der Gölsen before meeting the Traisen at Traisen.
 Turtle Creek is a Canadian creek in Albert County southeastern New Brunswick. The creek drains a watershed area of 192 square kilometres (74 square miles) and is the primary source of potable water for Moncton Riverview and Dieppe thanks to the 150 km2 (58 sq mi) Turtle Creek reservoir and the Moncton Water Treatment Plant.Turtle Creek is one of the Petitcodiac River's main right tributaries and is therefore part of its 2831 km2 (1093 sq mi) drainage basin.
 The Jigureasa River or Jigoreasa River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 The Blackfoot River is a tributary of the Snake River in the U.S. state of Idaho. Formed by the confluence of Diamond Creek and Lanes Creek it flows 135 miles (217 km) to its mouth at the Snake River. The river is part of the Columbia River Basin.The Blackfoot River's drainage basin is approximately 1097 square miles (2841 km2) in area.
 Crystal Peak at 7780 feet (2370 m) above sea level is the a peak in the Raft River Mountains of Utah. The peak is located in Box Elder County and the area designated as Sawtooth National Forest but the U.S. Forest Service does not own or manage the land on and around the peak. It is located 7.1 mi (11.4 km) east of Bull Mountain. No roads or trails go to the summit.
 The Orava Beskids (Slovak: Oravské Beskydy) is a range of mountains straddling the northern-Slovakia-southern-Poland border considered part of the Central Beskids within the Outer Western Carpathians. The highest mountain of the range is Babia Góra (1725 metres) the center of the Babia Góra National Park one of the first biosphere reserves established worldwide.
 The Yabacao River is a river of the Dominican Republic.
 Miedwinka is a river of Poland. It terminates into Lake Miedwie.
 The Aruã River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Mulhacén (Spanish pronunciation: [mulaˈθen]) is the highest mountain in continental Spain and in the Iberian Peninsula. It is part of the Sierra Nevada range in the Cordillera Penibética. It is named after Abu l-Hasan Ali or Muley Hacén as he is known in Spanish the penultimate Muslim King of Granada in the 15th century who according to legend was buried on the summit of the mountain.Mulhacén is the highest peak in Europe outside the Caucasus Mountains and the Alps.
 Baade is a lunar impact crater that is located near the southwest limb of the Moon on the near side to the southwest of the enormous Mare Orientale impact basin. The area to the east of this crater forms the junction between the 280-km-long Vallis Bouvard to the north and the narrower 160-km-long Vallis Baade to the south-southeast.
 Stephenson Bastion is a mountain massif with steep rock cliffs on its south side rising to 1850 m in the south-central part of Shackleton Range. It was first mapped in 1957 by the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition and it was photographed by U.S. Navy aircraft in 1967. It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Philip J.
 Wiqruqucha (Quechua wiqru twisted bent qucha lake bent lake hispanicized spelling Huegro Cocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huánuco Region Huamalíes Province Chavín de Pariarca District near the village Wiqru (Huegro). Its waters flow to a stream named Qallu (Quechua for tongue hispanicized Gallo Callo) and then to Marañón River.
 The Ehenbach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 The Untu River is a tributary of the Boșorogu River in Romania.
 Gundbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Faksebrennkollene is a mountain of Akershus Norway.
 Nevados de Poquis is a mountain in the Andes of Chile close to the border with Argentina. It has a height of 5756 metres and is located north of Paso de Jama and southeast of Zapaleri.
 The Rugina River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
 Jalaur River also known as Jalaud River is the second largest river in island of Panay and the 17th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of drainage basin size. It has an estimated drainage area of 1503 square kilometers and travels 123 kilometers from its source to its mouth in the Guimaras Strait.
 Eberswalde formerly known as Holden NE is a partially buried impact crater in Margaritifer Terra Mars. Eberswalde Crater lies just to the north of Holden Crater a large crater that may have been a lake. The 65.3-km-diameter crater centered at 24°S 33°W is named after the German town of the same name in accordance with the International Astronomical Union's rules for planetary nomenclature.
 Urucaua River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 Capshaw Mountain is a mountain located in Harvest Alabama. Capshaw Mountain forms a watershed that provides the water supply for the community. It extends upwards about 800 feet above the general elevation in the area. It is part of the Cumberland Plateau and has the highest elevation between the Appalachian Chain and the Rocky Mountain Chain.
 The Pithlachascotee River often called the Cotee or Cootie River is a blackwater river in Pasco County Florida.Originating near Crews Lake the river flows for over 23 miles (37 km) to the south and west flowing through the Starkey Wilderness Park before turning northwest through downtown New Port Richey entering the Gulf of Mexico at Miller's Bayou.
 The Paratibe River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 The Lungșoara River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
 Lizard Creek is a 17.3-mile-long (27.8 km) tributary of the Lehigh River in Schuylkill and Carbon counties Pennsylvania in the United States.Lizard Creek joins the Lehigh River near the borough of Bowmanstown.
 The Belted Range is a mountain range in Nye County Nevada.
 Pizzo di Vogorno is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps of Switzerland. It is located north-east of Lago di Vogorno and Vogorno in the canton of Ticino.
 The Izvorul Zănoagei is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 The River Slang (Irish: Abhainn na Stéille) also known as the Dundrum Slang or the Dundrum River a tributary of the River Dodder is a stream which rises on Three Rock Mountain County Dublin.
 Scharfenstein is a hill in the Schwalm-Eder-Kreis district Hesse Germany.
 The Kapuskasing River is a river in the James Bay drainage basin in Cochrane District and Algoma District in northeastern Ontario Canada. The river is a left tributary of the Mattagami River.
 Grissenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany which is 2.671 kilometers in length. It has its source in the Scherenschleifersborn in a height of 467 meters and it flows into the river Sieg in the village of Grissenbach in a height of 333 meters above sea level.
 The Nedeia River is a headwater of the Gârbovul River in Romania.
 The Hall River is a river on the West Coast of New Zealand. It drains Lake Paringa flowing north to the Paringa River which drains into the Tasman Sea.
 Georgia Pass elevation 11598 ft (3535 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado in the United States.
 The Galera River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 El Corte River (in Spanish Río El Corte meaning The Cut River) is the primary tributary of the Coatzacoalcos River flowing through the Mexican states of Oaxaca and Veracruz to the Gulf of Mexico.
 The Rouge River is a river in Markham Pickering Richmond Hill and Toronto in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario Canada. The river flows from the Oak Ridges Moraine to Lake Ontario at the eastern border of Toronto and is the location of Rouge Park the only national park in Canada within a municipality. At its southern end the Rouge River is the boundary between Toronto and southwestern Pickering in the Regional Municipality of Durham.
 The Deûle (Dutch: Deule) is a river of northern France which is channeled for the main part of its course (from Lens to Lille). The upstream part is still partly free-flowing and is known as the Souchez.
 For other uses see Aconcagua (disambiguation).The Aconcagua River is a river in Chile that rises from the joint of two minor tributary rivers at 1430 metres (4690 ft) above sea level in the Andes Juncal River from the east (which rise in the Nevado Juncal) and Blanco River from the south east.
 Lake Evans is a lake in western Quebec Canada south of Lake Nemiscau near James Bay.For canoeists lake is renowned by the difficult portage over Longue Pointe peninsula.
 Crommelin is an ancient lunar crater that is located in the vicinity of the south pole of the Moon on the far side. It lies to the north of the large crater Zeeman and to the east-northeast of Numerov.This formation has been almost completely worn away by subsequent impacts leaving little more than a crater-riddled depression in the surface. There is an equally worn crater lying across the northern rim and Crommelin X is attached to the outward-bulging northwest perimeter.
 Kedarnath (or Kedarnath Main) and Kedarnath Dome (or Kedar Dome) are two mountains in the Gangotri Group of peaks in the western Garhwal Himalaya in Uttarakhand state India. Kedarnath (Main) lies on the main ridge that lies south of the Gangotri Glacier and Kedarnath Dome a subpeak of the main peak lies on a spur projecting towards the glacier two kilometres northwest of Kedarnath.
 Mont de Grange (2432 m) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps in Haute-Savoie France.
 Murphy Lake (also Murphys Lake) is a lake in Iberville Parish and St. Martin Parish Louisiana United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 3 feet (1 m).
 The Hororata River is a river of Canterbury in the South Island of New Zealand. A tributary of the Selwyn River the Hororata has its sources in rough hill country north of Windwhistle and flows east through the township of Hororata before reaching the Selwyn 12 kilomewtres northwest of Dunsandel.
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Măcicaş River in Romania.
 Lake Moro is a lake in the Province of Brescia Lombardy Italy. At an elevation of 380 m its surface area is 0.174 km².
 White Man Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It is Alberta's 92nd prominence mountain . It was named in 1884 by George M. Dawson.
 The River Glenderamackin is a river in the county of Cumbria England.The river rises on Mungrisdale Common and drains much of the eastern and southern sides of Blencathra.The river runs east then north before sharply turning south at the village of Mungrisdale skirting almost all around the bottom of Souther Fell.Latterly the river turns west at Lowside and is soon swelled by the waters of Mosedale Beck. The Glenderamackin continues past Threlkeld at which point it conjoins with St.
 Musquash Lake is a lake of Yarmouth District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Airmen's Cave is a cave located adjacent to Barton Creek in Travis County in the south of Austin Texas. It is 3444 metres (11299 ft) long and is characterised by long crawls and tight passages.The cave was discovered in 1971 by two airmen from Bergstrom Air Force Base who excavated a draughting crack under a crag.
 The Niculești River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Mount Kisokoma (木曽駒ヶ岳 Kisokoma-ga-take) is a mountain located in Miyada Kamiina District and Kiso and Agematsu Kiso District Nagano Prefecture in the Chūbu region of Japan. It is 2956 m (9698 ft) tall and is the tallest peak in the Kiso Mountains. It is also included on the list of 100 Famous Japanese Mountains. Sometimes its name is just shortened to Kisokoma. Alternative kanji for the name are 木曾駒ヶ岳 (Kisokoma-ga-take).
 Mount Emei (Chinese: 峨嵋山; pinyin: Éméi Shān; Wade–Giles: O2-mei2 Shan1 pronounced [ɤ̌měɪ̯ ʂán]) is a mountain in Sichuan province China. Its name is usually written as 峨眉山 and occasionally 峩嵋山 or 峩眉山 but all three are translated as Mount Emei or Mount Emeishan (a linguistic tautology). The word 峨 can mean high or lofty but the mountain's name is merely a toponym that carries no additional meaning.Orographically Mt. Emei sits at the western rim of the Sichuan Basin.
 The Lazu River (Hungarian: Láz-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name originates from the Hungarian[citation needed] means “Fever Creek”.
 Mount Tasman (Rarakiroa in Māori) is New Zealand's second highest mountain rising to a height of 3497 metres. It is located in the Southern Alps of the South Island four kilometres to the north of its larger neighbour Aoraki/Mount Cook. Unlike Aoraki/Mount Cook Mount Tasman sits on the South Island's Main Divide on the border between Aoraki/Mount Cook National Park and Westland National Park. It is the highest point in Westland District.
 Vuolit Spielgajávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southwest of the village of Masi and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of the village of Kautokeino. The lake Bajit Spielgajávri lies just 400 metres (1300 ft) to the west of this lake.
 Beira Lake is a lake in the heart of the city of Colombo Sri Lanka. The lake is surrounded by many large businesses in the city. It occupied approximately 165 hectares of land 100 years ago and has been reduced to mere 65 hectares today due to various reasons. During the colonial era of the Portuguese and the English the lake was used to transport goods within the city. It still retains its Portuguese name.
 Billington Sea (also Billington's Sea) is a 269-acre (1.09 km2) warm water pond located in Plymouth Massachusetts. Morton Park lies on the pond's northern shore. The pond is fed by groundwater and cranberry bog outlets. The average depth is seven feet and the maximum depth is 11 feet (3.4 m). The pond provides the headwaters to Town Brook.
 The Kaikorai Stream is a short river which runs through the city of Dunedin in New Zealand's South Island.
 Castro Creek is a creek in Richmond California in the western part of the city adjacent to the Chevron Oil Refinery. Wildcat Creek drains into it directly and though other Wildcat Marsh tributaries into Castro Cove of San Pablo Bay. The creek drains from the drainage basin of the surrounding area and was once part of the channel that separated the island of Point Richmond with the mainland.
 Gothemsån is a river on Gotland Sweden.
 The Breg is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is the right-side and longer of the two streams that form the river Danube. It begins at 1078 m (3537 ft) above sea level in the Black Forest near Furtwangen im Schwarzwald 100 m (330 ft) from the European Watershed. It flows through Furtwangen and Vöhrenbach. After 49 km (30 mi) it joins the Brigach stream in the city of Donaueschingen and is henceforth called Danube.
 Malibu Creek is a year-round stream in western Los Angeles County California. It drains the southern Conejo Valley and Simi Hills flowing south through the Santa Monica Mountains and enters Santa Monica Bay in Malibu California. The Malibu Creek watershed drains 109 mi (175 km) and its tributary creeks reach as high as 3000 ft (910 m) into Ventura County California.
 Nesselbach (Rombach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Antelope Range is a mountain range in Pershing County Nevada.
 Maly Chabes (Russian: Малый Чабес) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Veslyana River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 16 km.
 The Pârâul Tulbure River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 The Lava Mountains are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County California. They are one of the eastern limits of the Fremont Valley.
 Chiquito Peak is a summit in the Cuyamaca Mountains of San Diego County California.
 The Ayalon River (Hebrew: נחל איילון‎ Nahal Ayalon Nahr el barideh or Wadi Musrara in Arabic) is a perennial stream in Israel originating in the Judean Hills and mouthing into the Yarkon River in the Tel Aviv area.The total length of Ayalon River is about 50 kilometres and it drains an area of 815 square kilometres.
 The Thompson River is the largest tributary of the Grand River in the central United States flowing from southern Iowa into Missouri. The river is 188 miles (303 km) long and its drainage basin is roughly 1850 square miles (4800 km2) of which 1111 square miles (2880 km2) are in Missouri.It rises in the agricultural lands of Adair County Iowa a few miles northeast of Greenfield. The river initially flows east then bends south passing Macksburg and Davis City and crossing Interstate 35.
 The Valea Rorii River is a tributary of the Albac River in Romania.
 Willow Creek is a 57-mile (92 km) tributary of the Malheur River in Malheur County in the U.S. state of Oregon. The creek which forms at 3724 feet (1135 m) above sea level and ends at 2234 feet (681 m) flows generally southeast between Ironside and Vale. Willow Creek's watershed covers 787 square miles (2040 km2) of relatively arid land.Willow Creek begins at the confluence of its Middle and South forks slightly north of Ironside and U.S. Route 26.
 The Maple River is a river in the United States. It flows through western Iowa and is 100 miles (160 km) long. The Maple River rises in Buena Vista County and flows generally southwest through Ida Grove Battle Creek Danbury and Mapleton finally joining with the Little Sioux River near Turin. Much of the river has been channelized.
 Králický Sněžník (Czech: [ˈkraːlɪtskiː ˈsɲɛʒɲiːk]) or Śnieżnik Kłodzki (Polish: [ˈɕɲeʐɲik]) is a mountain in the Eastern Sudetes located on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland. The name Sněžník or Śnieżnik derives from the word for snow; the mountain has snow cover for up to eight months a year. In Czech the adjective Králický (from the nearby town of Králíky) is added to distinguish it from the mountain called Děčínský Sněžník (near the town of Děčín).
 The Kleiner Winterberg is a mountain 837 m above sea level in the borough of Wernigerode Harz county in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt. It is found in the Harz Mountains and is a subpeak of the Wurmberg the highest point in the neighbouring state of Lower Saxony.
 Sagileru is a river in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh that is a tributary of the Pennar.
 The Cima Dome & Volcanic Field National Natural Landmark or Cinder Cones National Natural Landmark includes the Cima Dome Cima Volcanic Field and Cima Volcanic Range and is in the Mojave Desert within San Bernardino County California United States. The dome and volcanic field with cinder cones are located within the National Park Service Mojave National Preserve south of Interstate 15 and Baker off Kelbaker Road towards Cima and north of the Kelso Visitors Center and Interstate 40.
 Midway High Lakes Area also known as High Lakes Area is a United States Forest Service designated area located in Washington’s Cascade Mountains. It lies on a high plateau on Mount Adams' northwestern flank. It is between the Goat Rocks on the north and Mount Hood to the south and contains Takhlakh Lake along with several other lakes. The area offers five scenic high elevation lakes all within a seven mile radius. It is administered by the Gifford Pinchot National Forest.
 Lohit River is a river in Arunachal Pradesh in India. It is a tributary to the Brahmaputra River.The lohit river rises in eastern Tibet in the Zayal Chu range and surges through Arunachal Pradesh for two hundred kilometersbefore disgorging itself in the plains of Assam.
 Star Lake is a lake located in Otter Tail County Minnesota. Star Lake Township Minnesota is named after the lake because the township consists of nearly the entire lake. Public access to the lake is available on Minnesota State Highway 108.
 The Halogoș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 North Fork Animas River is a tributary of the Animas River in San Juan County Colorado. It flows south to a confluence with the West Fork Animas River that forms the Animas River.
 Herschel is a large crater on Mars. It is named after the eighteenth century astronomer William Herschel.Herschel is 300 kilometers wide so large that it is properly considered an impact basin. It is located in the cratered highlands of the Martian southern hemisphere at 14.5°S 230°W. Its floor was discovered by the Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft to contain fields of dark sand dunes.
 The Vonț River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Monte dei Frati is a mountain in the Italian province of Arezzo near the border with Pesaro e Urbino and Perugia. It is 1454 metres (4770 ft) in height. It is on the border between the Umbrian Apennines and the Umbrian-Marchean Apennines. It is near the sources of the Marecchia and Metauro rivers. The Tiber flows near the western side of the river.
 The Holuzu River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Torbido Lake is a lake in the Province of Modena Emilia-Romagna Italy. At an elevation of 1650 m its surface area is 0.001 km².
 Upper Saranac Lake is one of three connected lakes part of the Saranac River in the towns of Santa Clara and Harrietstown near the village of Saranac Lake in the Adirondacks in northern New York. Upper Saranac Lake is the sixth largest lake in the Adirondacks. With Middle Saranac Lake and Lower Saranac Lake a 17-mile (27 km) paddle with only one carry is possible.
 Daisy Lake is a small lake in the Lake Superior and Lake Nipigon drainage basins in the amalgamated town of Greenstone Thunder Bay District in northeastern Ontario Canada.The lake is about 500 metres (1640 ft) long and 200 metres (656 ft) wide lies at an elevation of 325 metres (1066 ft) and is located about 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of the community of Jellicoe on Ontario Highway 11.
 The Protur River is a tributary of the Agapia River in Romania.
 Guadalmedina (from the Arabic wādi “river” + medina “city”; River of the City) is a river that runs through the city of Málaga Spain. Historically it has played an important role in the city's history and has divided the city into two halves. The city’s historic center is located on its left bank.
 Iguana River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Muckenseebach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Sarojahöhe or Saroja is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps to the east of the village of Planken with a height of 1659 metres (5443 ft).
 Jalkr is a bright crater on Jupiter's moon Callisto measuring 74 km across (in the lower part of the image). This an example of a central dome impact crater. A smaller degraded crater in the upper part of the image is called Audr.
 Lake of Two Mountains (French: Lac des Deux Montagnes) is part of the river delta widening of the Ottawa River in Quebec Canada where it feeds into the St. Lawrence River. Lake of Two Mountains has four outflows: Rivière des Mille Îles and Rivière des Prairies bordering Île Jésus and two branches of the Ottawa River flowing into the St. Lawrence via Lake Saint-Louis on either side of Île Perrot.
 Oxford Lake is a lake on the Hayes River in Manitoba Canada. It is vaguely man-shaped with a 'head' on the east a 'neck' a northwest-southeast shoulder line and a 'torso' that tapers to a point in the west. The head is about 7 by 5 miles the neck one mile across and the shoulder line 11 miles. The south side of the torso is 25 miles and its northwest side 18 miles. On the northwest is a large island (Carghill Island) or peninsula that fills much of the torso.
 Cracker Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Located at the head of a canyon the waters of Cracker Lake are an opaque turquoise from rock flour (silt) originating from Siyeh Glacier. To the south of Cracker Lake lies Mount Siyeh which rises more than 4000 feet (1200 m) above the lake. Cracker Peak to the southeast and Allen Mountain to the north are other prominent peaks nearby. Cracker Lake is a 6.1 miles (9.8 km) hike from the Many Glacier Hotel.
 Aajuitsup Tasia (old spelling: Aujuitsup Tasia) is a large lake in central-western Greenland in the Qeqqata municipality. It is located approximately 12 km (7.5 mi) northeast of Kangerlussuaq. It is of elongated oval shape with its western shore at 67°04′45″N 50°30′02″W and its eastern shore at 67°05′35″N 50°16′30″W. Aajuitsup Tasia is an oligotrophic lake of 32 m (105 ft) depth covering an area of 1350ha.
 The Bortofălău River is a tributary of the Cernat River in Romania.
 The Runcorn to Latchford Canal (also known as the Old Quay Canal or locally as Old Quay Cut or Black Bear Canal) ran from Runcorn Cheshire to the Latchford area of Warrington then in the historic county of Lancashire England. It connected the Mersey and Irwell Navigation to the River Mersey at Runcorn.
 The Rovine River is a tributary of the Dobrunu River in Romania.
 The McMillan Reservoir Park is a reservoir in Washington D.C. that supplies the majority of the city's municipal water. It was originally called the Howard University Reservoir or the Washington City Reservoir and was completed in 1902 by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The reservoir was built on the site of Smith Spring one of the springs previously used for drinking water.
 Ptarmigan Peak is a 4880-foot (1487 m) mountain in the Chugach Mountains near Anchorage Alaska. Its north face is extremely steep and is sometimes attempted by mountaineers. Hikers generally reach the mountain's summit from the less steep southern side. In winter ski mountaineering is also possible on the mountain.In 1997 14 members of a mountaineering expedition from the University of Alaska Anchorage (two instructors and twelve students) fell 1000 feet down the mountain's north face.
 The Torere River is a river of the eastern Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from its sources within Raukumara Forest Park to reach the Bay of Plenty 30 kilometres southwest of Te Kaha.
 The Lala River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Little River (or Nalong) is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Snipatuit Pond is a shallow 710-acre (2.9 km2) warm water pond in Rochester Massachusetts. The average depth is five feet and the maximum depth is six feet except for one very small nine foot hole near the pump station on the west shore. The pond is the headwaters of the Mattapoisett River. The inflow comes from two sources: Cedar Swamp which is located to the northeast and Great Quittacas Pond which is connected to Snipatuit Pond and located to the northwest.
 The Selby Canal is a 6-mile (9.7 km) canal with 2 locks which bypasses the lower reaches of the River Aire in Yorkshire England from the village of West Haddlesey to the town of Selby where it joins the River Ouse. It opened in 1778 and provided the main outlet for the Aire and Calder Navigation until 1826 when it was bypassed by a new cut from Ferrybridge to Goole.
 Moosach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Okatoma Creek is a tributary of the Bouie River in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is part of the watershed of the Pascagoula River.Okatoma Creek is popular for canoeing and kayaking particularly near Seminary Mississippi where there are several rental businesses. While a far cry from being a challenge to the highly experienced canoe enthusiast it does offer several Class I falls and shoots.
 The Das Garças River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Black Virgin Mountain (Vietnamese: Núi Bà Đen meaning Black Lady Mountain Khmer: Phnom Chol Baden) is a mountain in the Tay Ninh Province of Vietnam. To the Vietnamese the mountain is the center of a myth about Bà Đen a local deity of Khmer origin. During the Vietnam War the area around the mountain was very active as the Ho Chi Minh Trail ended a few kilometers west across the Cambodian border.
 The Apalachee River is a distributary river in Baldwin County Alabama that forms part of the Mobile-Tensaw River Delta. It branches off from the Tensaw River at 30.74333°N 87.93194°W﻿ / 30.74333; -87.93194. From there it flows southward for approximately 6 miles (9.7 km) before emptying into Mobile Bay at 30.66074°N 87.95860°W﻿ / 30.66074; -87.95860.
 Sunrise Glacier is a glacier in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier originates near Scott Peak moving northwest. It is the source of Sunrise Creek. Sunset Glacier is nearby.
 Südliches Höllhorn is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Kachina Chasma (or Kachina Chasmata) is the longest canyon on the surface of the Uranian moon Ariel. Its name comes from a spirit in Hopi mythology. The 622 km long and 50 km wide chasmata is a system of normal faults running from the north-west to south-east. The faults bound down-dropped crustal blocks forming structures called graben.
 Bakdalbong is a mountain in South Korea. It sits between the city of Pocheon Gyeonggi-do and Hwacheon county Gangwon-do. Bakdalbong has an elevation of 810 m (2657 ft).
 Kötach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Cosmina River is a tributary of the Mislea River in Romania.
 Zarghun Ghar (Pashto: زرغون غر‎) or Zarghoon Mountains is a mountain range located in the east of Quetta District in Balochistan Province western Pakistan.
 Bahet Corona is a feature on Venus about 230 kilometres (140 mi) long and 150 kilometres (93 mi) across. It is adjacent to Onatah Corona. Both features are surrounded by a ring of ridges and troughs which in places cut more radially-oriented fractures. The centers of the features also contain radial fractures as well as volcanic domes and flows. Coronae are thought to form due to the upwelling of hot material from deep in the interior of Venus.
 The San Ysidro Mountains are a mountain range in southern San Diego County California. The range extends for a short distance into Baja California. The San Ysidro Mountains are part of the Peninsular Ranges System.The highest point of the range is Otay Mountain elevation 3566 ft (1087 m). The majority of the range is included in the Otay Mountain Wilderness Area.
 The Šar Mountains also known as the Sharr Mountains (Serbian and Macedonian: Шар Планина Šar planina; Albanian: Malet e Sharrit) is a mountain range in the Balkans that extends from Kosovo and the northwest of the Republic of Macedonia to northeastern Albania.
 Giordano Bruno is a 22 km lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon just beyond the northeastern limb. At this location it lies in an area that can be viewed during a favorable libration although at such times the area is viewed from the side and not much detail can be seen.
 The Oster (Blies) is a river of Saarland Germany.
 Sultz is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Rice Creek is a tributary of the Mississippi River in the northern suburbs of the Minneapolis–St. Paul metropolitan area of Minnesota in the United States. It is approximately 28 miles (45 km) long and drains a watershed of 201 square miles (520 km2).
 The Lindach is a small river in the central foothills of the Swabian Alb which rises below the Reussenstein Castle in the Neidlingen valley and flows into the Lauter in Kirchheim unter Teck. It runs through the towns of Neidlingen Weilheim an der Teck and the Jesingen district of Kirchheim unter Teck.The source chambers are located at the top of the ridge. The karst water flows mainly from the eastern bay and after a few metres above the tuff overhang of the Neidlingen waterfall.
 The Valea lui Liman River is a tributary of the Bega Luncanilor River in Romania.
 The Espinharas River is a river of Paraíba and Rio Grande do Norte states in western Brazil.
 The Iezerul River is a tributary of the Bătrâna River in Romania.
 The Sărata River ( Hungarian: Szarata Szarata-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Harriot is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon from the Earth. It lies just to the north of the much larger crater Seyfert. To the northeast of Harriot is the crater Cantor. About one and a half crater diameters to the north of Harriot is the eastern end of a crater chain named Catena Sumner.
 Druid Lake is a kettle lake located in the town of Erin Wisconsin Washington County Wisconsinlocated near Hartford Wisconsin. Druid Lake is a natural glacial-formed lake. Druid Lake is surrounded by rugged mixed woods and glacial drumlins in the Southern Savannah Region of southeastern Wisconsins Kettle Moraine area about 25 miles northwest of Milwaukee The lake has a maximum depth of 53 feet (16 m).
 Wiehl (Agger) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Potrok Aike is a lagoon in the Patagonian province of Santa Cruz Argentina. It has a roughly circular shape and an average diamete of 2700 metres. Its is located just 2200 metres north of the Argentina-Chile border. It is a maar lake and part of the Pali-Aike Volcanic Field. The Potrok Aike Maar Lake Sediment Archive Drilling Project (PASADO) bore a number of ICDP drill holes for October-November 2008.
 Argonaut Peak is a tall mountain in the Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Washington. Part of the Stuart Range part of the Wenatchee subrange of the Cascades it is within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness of the Wenatchee National Forest and part of the region known as The Enchantments. At 8453 feet (2576 m) in elevation it is the 65th highest peak in Washington.
 For other uses see Smilga (disambiguation).Smilga is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 32 kilometres and has a basin area of 208.8 km².It begins near Patranys village at Krakės eldeship. The Smilga river flows to the South-East mostly crossing Josvainiai forest. It joins the Nevėžis River at the city center of Kėdainiai. There is Kėdainiai watering-place at Smilga's lower course.
 Mývatn is a shallow eutrophic lake situated in an area of active volcanism in the north of Iceland not far from Krafla volcano. The lake and its surrounding wetlands have an exceptionally rich fauna of waterbirds especially ducks. The lake was created by a large basaltic lava eruption 2300 years ago and the surrounding landscape is dominated by volcanic landforms including lava pillars and rootless vents (pseudocraters).
 The Leșunțu Mare River is a tributary of the Oituz River in Romania.
 The Valea Strâmbelor River is a tributary of the Bârsa Fierului River in Romania.
 San Francisquito Creek in Los Angeles County is a tributary stream of the Santa Clara River. It drains the south facing slopes of the Sierra Pelona Ridge of the San Gabriel Mountains within the Transverse Range of California USA.The closest populated place to the Creek is Green Valley that lies along the upper course of the creek in the upper part of San Francisquito Canyon southeast of the source of the Creek at San Francisquito Pass.
 The Oberrothorn (3414 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Zermatt in the canton of Valais. Its summit can be easily reached via a trail on its southern flank from the Unterrothorn cable car station or from Sunnegga.
 Mount Chigogabaka (稚児ヶ墓山 Chigogabaka-yama) is a 596.3 m (1956 ft)　mountain of Tanjō Mountains located Iwatani Yamada Kita-ku Kobe Hyōgo Japan.
 South Lake is a lake of West Hants in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lough Lene (Irish: Loch Léinn) is a lake situated in north County Westmeath Ireland between the villages of Castlepollard Collinstown and Fore.It possesses a rich and varied history. It also boasts the existence of prehistoric burial sites old ruins many ancient village-type communal circular dwellings locally called ringforts stiles and mass paths.
 Huandoy (in hispanicized spelling) Wantuy (Quechua for to transfer to transpose to carry to carry a heavy load) or Tullparahu (Quechua tullpa rustic cooking-fire stove rahu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized Tullparaju) is a mountain located in the Ancash Region of Peru. It is the second-tallest peak of the Cordillera Blanca section of the Andes after Nevado Huascarán. These two peaks are rather nearby separated only by the Llankanuku ravine with its Llankanuku Lakes (3846 m).
 Mount Mohepinoke is a mountain in Warren County New Jersey. The summit rises to 1115 feet (340 m) and is located in Liberty Township with lower levels extending into White Township. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains although somewhat isolated to the west of the main body of the Highlands.
 The Văleni River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
 The Plapcea Mare River is a headwater of the Plapcea River in Romania.
 Kammat Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island at the head of Kammat Creek south of Cameron River.
 The Oneone River is a short river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It is located northwest of Harihari and reaches the Tasman Sea at the estuary of its larger northern neighbour the Wanganui River.
 Brandywine Creek in Crawford County Ohio is a 6.6-mile-long (10.6 km) tributary of Broken Sword Creek.
 Clints Crags is a small fell in the north of the English Lake District near Blindcrake Cumbria. It has its own chapter in Alfred Wainwright's The Outlying Fells of Lakeland. He describes a circular walk from Blindcrake and laments that at the time of writing (1974): This is a walk on public footpaths but until somebody removes the barbed wire and other obstacles to legitimate progress it can be recommended only to gymnasts. It reaches 804 feet (245 m).
 The Kramer Hills are a small range of hills in the Mojave Desert in northwestern San Bernardino County southern California.They are located just south of Kramer Junction and southeast of Boron.The Kramer Hills are bisected by U.S. Route 395 passing through them. They are in a Bureau of Land Management administered area.
 The Ravensberg is a 659 m high mountain in the South Harz mountains in the German state of Lower Saxony. It is relatively isolated and visible for a long way. It lies in the district of Osterode am Harz north of Bad Sachsa.The mountain top is crowned with a prominent 64 m high tower which was built in 1970.
 Douglas Lake also called Douglas Reservoir is a reservoir created by an impoundment of the French Broad River in Eastern Tennessee. This lake is located only a few miles from the Pigeon Forge/Gatlinburg area and also the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. See also Douglas Dam for more information.
 The Apa Râpii River is a tributary of the Aleu River in Romania.
 The Schneehorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It lies east of the Wildstrubel between the glaciers of Wildstrubel and Plaine Morte.
 The You Yangs are a series of granite ridges that rise to 364m (Flinders Peak) above the Werribee Plain approximately 55 km south-west of Melbourne and 22 km north-east of Geelong in Victoria Australia. The main ridge runs roughly north–south for about 9 km with a lower extension running for about 15 km to the west.
 The Pârâul Întunecat is a tributary of the Turia River in Romania.
 Belton Lake is a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers reservoir on the Leon River in the Brazos River basin 5 miles (8 km) northwest of Belton Texas USA. The lake extends into both Bell County and Coryell County. Belton Dam and the lake are both managed by the Fort Worth District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The reservoir was officially impounded in 1954 and serves to provide flood control and drinking water for Belton Temple and the surrounding communities.
 Flint Run is a tributary of McElroy Creek 7.5 miles (12.1 km) long in northern West Virginia in the United States.
 Langtang Lirung is the highest peak of the Langtang Himal which is a subrange of the Nepalese Himalayas southwest of the Eight-thousander Shisha Pangma.
 Not to be confused with the Montagnes Noires (a.k.a. Montagne Noire) in Brittany.The Montagne Noire (Occitan: Montanha Negra lit. Black Mountain) is a mountain range in central southern France. It is located at the southwestern end of the Massif Central in the border area of the Tarn Hérault and Aude departments. Its highest point is the Pic de Nore at 1210 metres (3970 ft).The mountain is within the Parc naturel régional du Haut-Languedoc.
 Lac de la Cavayère is an artificial lake in the Languedoc-Roussillon région of France close to the mediaeval town of Carcassonne.The lake also known as Carcassonne Plage (in English Carcassonne Beach) was created by the building of a 23 metre high dam in 1988 after severe forest fires affected the area in 1985. The surface area of the lake which is fed by the creeks of Montirat Bazalac and Mitgé is 180000 m² and it is 1.5 million cubic metres in volume.
 Luigetiik is a small lake east of Tallinn the capital city of Estonia. It is situated inside Kadrioru Park close to the Kadriorg Palace.
 Barnacullian is a mountain in County Wicklow Ireland. At 714 metres (2306 ft) it is the 14th highest mountain in the Wicklow Mountains. It is located just north of The Wicklow Mounatins National park.
 The Conrad Mountains (German: Conradgebirge Norwegian: Conradfjella) are a narrow chain of mountains 19 miles (31 km) long located between the Gagarin Mountains and Mount Dallmann in Queen Maud Land Antarctica. The Conrad Mountains are a subrange of the Orvin Mountains. With its summit at 3055 metres (10023 ft) the massive Sandeggtind Peak forms the highest point in the Conrad Mountains.
 The Devil's Bit (Irish: Bearnán Éile) is a mountain in North Tipperary Ireland which is 478m (1570 feet) above sea level at its highest elevation. It lies to the north-west of the town of Templemore. The mountain is usually ascended via the village of Barnane. There is a car park at the base near the village.
 Atwell Peak is a dramatic pyramid shaped volcanic peak located at the southern edge of Mount Garibaldi British Columbia Canada. Atwell Peak was formed during an initial period of volcanism 0.51-0.22 million years ago and was the source of many pyroclastic flows during Garibaldi's development. Frequent landslides on its west face drops steeply into the Cheekye River. Atwell Peak is often mistakenly called Mount Garibaldi when viewed from Squamish since the main peak is hidden.
 Shounter Lake is a small lake located in Shounter Valley a sub valley of Neelam Valley Azad Kashmir Pakistan at the altitude of 10200 feet (3100 m).The lake is accessible from Kel by a jeep track.
 The Black Drin or Black Drim (Albanian: Drini i Zi: meaning the black deer; Macedonian: Црн Дрим: Transliterated: Crn Drim) is a river in Republic of Macedonia and Albania. It flows out of Lake Ohrid in Struga Macedonia. After approximately 50 km (31 mi) it crosses the border to Albania west of Debar Macedonia. It merges with the White Drin in Kukës to form the Drin which flows into the Adriatic Sea. It drains most of the eastern border region of Albania.
 Fergana Range (Kyrgyz: Фергана тоо кыркасы - also known as: Ferganskiy Khrebet Ferghan Mountains Fergana Kyrka Toosu Феранский Хребет (ru) Ferghan Mountains (en) Feranskij Khrebet Fergana Kyrka Toosu Ferganskiy Khrebet Ferghan Mountains Феранский Хребет) is a mountain range in Tian Shan in Kyrgyz Republic. The length of the range is 206 km height up to 4893 m and average height - 3600 m above sea level.
 Lac de Castet is a lake in Pyrénées Pyrénées-Atlantiques France. At an elevation of 423 m its surface area is 0.4 km².
 McKay Reservoir is a reservoir in Umatilla County of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is an impoundment of McKay Creek a tributary of the Umatilla River. The reservoir is located 6 miles (9.7 km) south of Pendleton on U.S. Route 395. The reservoir has a capacity of 65534 acre feet (80835000 m3) of water. The reservoir and land that immediately surrounds it are designated as the McKay Creek National Wildlife Refuge. The reservoir and creek that it impounds are named for Dr. William C. McKay.
 Mont Sokbaro is the highest point of Benin with an altitude of 658 metres (2159 ft). It is located on the border between Benin and Togo.
 The Callama River is a river in the Potosí Department of Bolivia.
 Maisach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Wadi Qaramogh is a tributary of the Balikh River in Syria. Wadi Qaramogh can transport considerable amounts of water after heavy rainfall and large limestone blocks can be found in its lower course.
 Grand Teton is the highest mountain in Grand Teton National Park in Northwest Wyoming and a classic destination in American mountaineering.
 The Sakae Krang River (Thai: แม่น้ำสะแกกรัง RTGS: Maenam Sakae Krang IPA: [mɛ̂ːnáːm sa.kɛː kraŋ]) is a tributary of the Chao Phraya River. It originates in Mae Wong National Park Kamphaeng Phet Province. It is 225 km long with most of its length in Uthai Thani Province.
 von Braun named after the rocket pioneer Wernher von Braun is a lunar crater located near the northwestern limb of the Moon. It lies along the western edge of the Oceanus Procellarum to the northeast of the crater Lavoisier. The northeastern rim of this crater is on the edge of the Sinus Roris a bay feature in the northwestern part of the Oceanus Procellarum.
 Rio Negro (Portuguese for black river) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Nedeuța River is a tributary of the Obârşia Nucşorii River in Romania.
 The Mangakuri River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows north paralleling the Pacific Ocean coast before veering northeast to reach the sea at Kairakau Beach 35 kilometres south of Cape Kidnappers.
 The Embarras River is a short river in west-central Alberta Canada. The river likely derived its name from the French word for obstruction because it is often obstructed by driftwood.
 The Whistler Range is a mountain range in Eureka County Nevada.
 The Colibi River is a tributary of the Runcu River in Romania.
 Margaret Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Margaret Lake is less than .50 miles (0.80 km) north of Ipasha Lake. Margaret Lake is fed by Pyramid Creek as well as melt waters from Chaney Glacier.
 Fajada Butte is in Chaco Culture National Historical Park in northwest New Mexico.Fajada Butte (Banded Butte) rises 135 meters above the canyon floor. Although there is no water source on the butte there are ruins of small cliff dwellings in the higher regions of the butte. Analysis of fragments of pottery found on Fajada show that these structures were used between the 10th to 13th centuries (Ford 1993 p.
 Nonconnah Creek or the Nonconnah Creek Drainage Canal is a 29.7-mile-long (47.8 km) waterway in southwest Tennessee. It starts in extreme southeastern Shelby County Tennessee near the town of Collierville. From there it flows westward forming the southern border of Germantown. The creek continues to flow west through Memphis and through Whitehaven. Nonconnah Creek empties into McKellar Lake an oxbow of the Mississippi River. There are three major expressways that follow most of its route.
 Kubija is a lake of Estonia.
 The Salt River is a 150-mile-long (240 km) river in the U.S. state of Kentucky that drains 2920 square miles (7600 km2). It begins near Parksville Kentucky rising from the north slope of Persimmon Knob south of KY 300 between Alum Springs and Wilsonville and ends at the Ohio River near West Point. Taylorsville Lake is formed from the Salt River and Guist Creek Lake is also in its drainage basin via Breshears Creek and Guist Creek.
 The Ohanapecosh River (/oʊˈhænəpɨkɒʃ/ oh-HAN-ə-pi-kosh) is a 16-mile (26 km) river in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the main headwater tributary of the Cowlitz River which begins at the confluence of the Ohanapecosh River and the Clear Fork Cowlitz River. The Ohanapecosh originates near Ohanapecosh Glacier on the southeast side of Mount Rainier. Most of the river is within Mount Rainier National Park.
 Hutapanjang is a stratovolcano on Sumatra Indonesia. Little is known about this volcano. However recent research shows an uncommonly high amount of nuclear radiation being emitted from the area.[citation needed]
 The Clark Fork is a river in the U.S. states of Montana and Idaho approximately 310 miles (500 km) long. The largest river by volume in Montana[citation needed] it drains an extensive region of the Rocky Mountains in western Montana and northern Idaho in the watershed of the Columbia River. The river flows northwest through a long valley at the base of the Cabinet Mountains and empties into Lake Pend Oreille in the Idaho Panhandle.
 Little Sandy Pond is a 23-acre (93000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts located between West Wind Shores and Buzzards Bay and west of Cedarville. The pond is east of Little Rocky Pond. The western side of the pond along Bourne Road is heavily developed while the eastern side is mostly undeveloped. Access to the pond is informal on the southern shore off Carters Bridge Road.
 The Libón River is a river of the Dominican Republic.
 Kurosawa is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 159 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Kurosawa is named for the Japanese composer Kinko Kurosawa who lived in the 18th century CE.
 Bounce Rock is a football-sized primarily pyroxene rock found within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars this object was discovered and observed by the Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity in April 2004.
 Lake Elwell (aka Tiber Reservoir) is a lake in north central Montana. The reservoir was created by the damming of the Marias River at the Tiber Dam. Lake Elwell was named for Judge Charles B. Ewell (1888–1974) former director of the Montana Reclamation Association.[1]
 Hermannskoppe is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Jonte is a river of southern France. It flows through the departments of Lozère and Aveyron. It is a tributary of the Tarn River which it joins in Le Rozier.Departments and communes along the river: Lozère: Meyrueis Le Rozier Aveyron: Peyreleau
 The Fortescue River is an ephemeral river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. It is the third longest river in the state.The river rises near Deadman Hill in the Ophthalmia Range about 30 km south of Newman. The river flows in a northerly direction parallel with the Great Northern Highway until it crosses the highway just south of the Marble Bar turn-off. The river then runs north-west then west crossing the Great Northern Highway again north of the Auski Roadhouse.
 The Rabbit River is a 31.5-mile-long (50.7 km) tributary of the Bois de Sioux River of Minnesota in the United States. Via the Bois de Sioux River Red River of the North Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the Hudson Bay watershed.
 Skeboån is a river in Sweden.
 The Vital Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains bounded by Fall Creek Silver Creek and Kenny Creek in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Dom Planika pod Triglavom (2401 m) is a mountain hut which lies on Ledine plains on southern side of Triglav. First hut also called Triglavski tempelj was built on 18 September 1871. In 1877 the Austro German hiking club built a hut called Koča Marije Terezije. On 13 August 1911 there was another building added called Dom Marije Terezije. After World War I the Slovenian Hiking club took over the hut and renamed it Aleksandrov dom.
 Hjertvatnet (Lule Sami: Vájmmojávrre) is a lake in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county Norway. The 2.44-square-kilometre (0.94 sq mi) lake is located between the lake Børsvatnet and the lake Melkevatnet.
 Zhiritskiy is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south of the large walled plain Fermi and northwest of the crater Schaeberle.This crater lies across the western rim of the much larger satellite crater Zhiritskiy F a circular eroded formation. Zhiritskiy is slightly elongated having a minor protrusion in its outer rim toward the east. A pair of tiny craterlets lies along the southern rim and a small but notable crater lies near the midpoint.
 Yeruslan (Russian: Еруслан) is a river Saratov Oblast and Volgograd Oblast Russia a left tributary of the Volga River. It is 278 km long origins at the south-western slope of the Obshchy Syrt and flows to the Yeruslan Cove of the Volgograd Reservoir. Yeruslan has the left inflow Solyonaya Kuba River. Former left tributary Torgun River currently flows to the Yeruslan Cove. The town of Krasny Kut is located alongside the Yeruslan.At summer Yeruslan dries up and in some places has salty water.
 The Edith River is a river of Fiordland New Zealand. It rises to the west of the Edith Saddle and flows westward into Lake Alice which drains into George Sound.
 The Pârâul Rădăcinii is a tributary of the Pârâul Mijlociu in Romania.
 Pointe du Bouchet is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3420 metres above sea level.
 The Harlan County Reservoir includes a dam and a reservoir of 13250 acres (54 km2) located in Harlan County in south-central Nebraska. Its southernmost part extends into northern Phillips County Kansas. The reservoir is formed by a dam in the Republican River which starts in Colorado and ends in Kansas.The two closest towns are Republican City and Alma. Republican City offers fishing supplies boat rentals restaurants and cabins.
 Birrie River a perennial river that is part of the Upper Darling catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the north-west slopes region of New South Wales Australia.The river leaves the Bokhara River about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north–east of the village of Goodooga and flows generally south and west joined by three minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Culgoa River north–east of Bourke and north–west of Brewarrina; dropping 32 metres (105 ft) over its course of 197 kilometres (122 mi).
 The Monti Lepini (Italian: Lepini mountains) are a mountain range which belongs to the Anti-Apennines of the Lazio region of central Italy between the two provinces of Latina and Rome.The range borders to the north with the Colli Albani to the east with the Ciociaria to the south with the Monti Ausoni and to the west with the Pontinian Plain. The highest peak is the Monte Semprevisa (1536 m).The name derives probably from the Latin lapis (stone) referring to the mountains’ limestone rocks.
 The Palmares River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 The Das Almas River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Morge is a small river in eastern France (Isère department) right tributary of the river Isère. Its source is near the Col de Saint-Roch northeast of Voiron. It flows through Voiron and joins the Isère south of Voiron opposite the town Saint-Quentin-sur-Isère.
 Snow Lake is a glacial tarn in the Ruby Mountains in Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. It is located at the head of Box Canyon just south of Snow Lake Peak and at an elevation of 10150 feet (3090 m).
 The Ross Barnett Reservoir (also known as The Rez) is an impoundment of the Pearl River between Madison and Rankin Counties in the U.S. state of Mississippi. The 33000-acre (130 km2) lake serves as the state's largest drinking water resource and is managed by the Pearl River Valley Water Supply District. The lake features 105 miles (169 km) of shoreline impounded on the south by a 3.5-mile (5.6 km) man-made dam and spillway.
 Geißhorn (2366 metres/7762 ft) is a mountain in the Allgäu Alps of Bavaria Germany.
 Pogranichny (Russian: Пограничный) is a shield volcano in central Kamchatka. It is the highest and the easternmost among three shield volcanoes located north-east of Cherny volcano in the central Sredinny Range.
 The Blackwater River of Florida is a 56.6-mile-long (91.1 km) river rising in southern Alabama and flowing through the Florida Panhandle to the Gulf of Mexico. The river enters Florida in Okaloosa County and flows through Santa Rosa County to Blackwater Bay an arm of Pensacola Bay. The river passes through Blackwater River State Park.
 Chadsey Lake also known as Lost Lake is located on Sumas Mountain near Abbotsford British Columbia.
 The Niderhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Zweisimmen in the Bernese Oberland. It lies between the valleys of Simmental and Diemtigen.
 White River Glacier is located in the Glacier Peak Wilderness in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is within Wenatchee National Forest and nearly touches Honeycomb and Suiattle Glaciers separated from them by an arête off the Kololo Peaks at its uppermost reaches. White River Glacier has retreated approximately 1000 m (3300 ft) since the end of the Little Ice Age around the year 1850.
 Kong Oscar Glacier is one of several glaciers that drain the north-western part of the Greenland Ice Sheet into Melville Bay. As part of a comprehensive survey of Greenland’s glaciers that was published in 2006 scientists documented that the mass balance—the sum of gains through snow accumulation and losses through iceberg calving and melting—of Kong Oscar and Greenland’s other north-western glaciers was strongly negative between 1996 and 2005: they lost more ice than they gained.
 The Jugălia River is a tributary of the Oltişor River in Romania.
 Rosenaue is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Martha Brae River is a river of Jamaica. It is located (primarily?) in Trelawny Parish on the north coast of Jamaica towards the western edge about 6 miles south of Falmouth Trelawny Jamaica. The river features rafting. A small village west of the river is named Martha's Brae because of this nearby river.
 Lake Kovdozero (Russian: Ковдозеро) is a large freshwater lake in the southern Murmansk Oblast northwestern part of Russia. It is located at around 66°46′58″N 32°00′00″E. There are many islands in the lake. The hydroelectric power plant was built in 1955 thus transforming the lake to the dam. The surface area of Kovdozero has risen from 224–294 km² to 608 km². Many rivers empty into Kovdozero and it flows to the White Sea through the Kovda River.
 The Pinnower Kiessee was created by the accumulation of groundwater in a gravel pit in the municipal area of the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The lake lies about ten kilometers southeast of Schwerin and 1.3 kilometers from the eastern shore of Lake Pinnower. Inflow and outflow do not exist. Currently (2008) the lake measures 1.2 km in length and up to 530 meters in width. Each year more than half a million tons of gravel and sand are removed.
 Piz Porchabella is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking the Porchabella Glacier north-east of Piz Kesch in the canton of Graubünden.
 Hochstein (Arnbruck) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Bremberg is a mountain 809 m above sea level high in the Rothaargebirge range in the district of Hochsauerland in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.The mountain lies just under 3 km west-southwest of the ski resort of Winterberg about 1 km west-southwest of the Poppenberg (745.5 m) and around 1.3 km (as the crow flies) north-northeast of the Kahler Asten (841.9 m).
 Goguac Lake is a 352-acre (1.42 km2) lake in the city of Battle Creek located in Calhoun County in the southwest portion of the U.S. state of Michigan.
 Naumann is a lunar impact crater located on the Oceanus Procellarum in the northwest sector of the Moon. It is a bowl-shaped symmetrical crater with a relatively high-albedo rim. There are no notable impact craters overlaying the rim edge or the interior. The nearest named craters are Lichtenberg to the southwest and Nielsen to the southeast. Otherwise it is located in a region of lunar mare which is devoid of significant features.
 The Dumbrava River is a tributary of the Cusuiuș River in Romania.
 Joske's Thumb is a precipitous volcanic plug that rises in the skyline to the west of Suva Fiji. It is located 15 kilometers west of Suva and its base is accessible from Naikorokoro Road which connects Naikorokoro Village to Queens Road.
 A smaller influx of Lake Orsasjön is the Oreälven in Sweden with a length of approx. 110 kilometres. The river has an extensive set of salmons and the water quality is class I. Many athletes like to use the river for rafting purposes.
 Mount Helen (8538 feet (2602 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Mount Helen rises immediately to the northwest roughly 3100 feet (940 m) above Upper Two Medicine Lake. The Continental Divide of the Americas passes through the summit of Mount Helen.
 Lake Humuhumu is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Mount Matsuda (松田岳 Matsuda-dake) is a mountain located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. It sits on the souther rim of the Ohachi Taira caldera.
 The Godley River is an alpine braided river flowing through Canterbury in New Zealand's South Island.The river's headwaters are in Aoraki/Mount Cook National Park. It flows south for 30 kilometres from the Southern Alps into the top end of the glacial lake Tekapo this forming part of the ultimate headwaters of the Waitaki hydroelectic scheme.
 The West Road River or Blackwater River is an important tributary of the Fraser River flowing generally north-eastward from the northern slopes of the Ilgachuz Range and across the Fraser Plateau in the Chilcotin region of central British Columbia Canada. With only one major tributary the Nazko River (river flowing from the south in the Carrier language) its confluence with the Fraser is approximately 40 km northwest of Quesnel.
 Uchuck Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island north west of head of Uchucklesit Inlet on the north side of lower Alberni Inlet.=
 The Valea Iugii River is a tributary of the Crișul Văratecului River in Romania.
 Malič (Serbian Cyrillic: Малич) is a mountain in western Serbia near the town of Ivanjica. Its highest peak has an elevation of 1110 meters above sea level.
 Grimsbury Reservoir is a relatively small reservoir owned by Thames Water just off Hennef Way near the Grimsbury estate of Banbury Oxfordshire.A waterworks was built prior to 1947 and was expanded in the early 1960s when Grimsbury Reservoir was built.The reservoir is surrounded by a nature reserve and is fed by the River Cherwell the water itself includes many species of wildlife and the site includes parking facilities and other amenities.
 The river Bille is a small slow-flowing river in Stormarn Schleswig-Holstein a right tributary of the Elbe. Its source is near Linau north of the Hahnheide forest. It then flows south of Trittau representing the border between Stormarn and Lauenburg continues south of Reinbek and reaches the river Elbe near Billwerder. A lot of old estates and tasteful parks are laid out along its riverbank.
 The Șterpoaia River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Lake Keret (Russian: Кереть Finnish: Kierettijärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia northwestern part of Russia. It has an area of 223 km². There are about 130 islands on the lake. Keret is used for fishery. Lake Keret freezes up in early November and stays icebound until late May.
 Store Styggedalstind is the fourth highest summit in Norway located within the Hurrungane mountains which are part of the Jotunheimen mountain range. The mountain is located in the eastern part of the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway.
 Kulkwitzer See is a lake in Saxony Germany. At an elevation of 114.5 m its surface area is 1.7 km².
 The North River of Tennessee is a major tributary of the Tellico River. It rises in the Unicoi Range which are geologically related to the Smoky Mountains to the north in Monroe County Tennessee inside Cherokee National Forest. Its entire course is located in a very scenic very isolated area; for the vast majority of its length it is parallel by Forest Road 217 also called North River Road managed by the Forest Service of the United States Department of Agriculture.
 Eldridge Bay is an Arctic waterway Melville Island's Sabine Peninsula the bay is an arm of Hecla and Griper Bay. Sabine Bay is to the south.
 Llyn Cefni is a small reservoir in the centre of Anglesey Wales which is managed by Welsh Water and Hamdden Ltd. It is located just one kilometre north of the island's county town of Llangefni and is the source of the Afon Cefni and other smaller watercourses. The reservoir and the immediate surrounding area has been designated as a nature reserve and as a further measure of conservation an artificial plantation of trees runs along its north shore.
 The Signalhorn is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Austria. It lies just east of the Silvretta Pass and is the tripoint between the regions of Prättigau and Engadin (in the Swiss canton of Graubünden) and Montafon (in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg).
 Mourgana (Greek: Μουργκάνα or Όρη Τσαμαντά - Ori Tsamanta Albanian: Maja e Murganës) is a mountain range in northwestern Greece and southern Albania. Its highest elevation is 1806 m. It is drained by tributaries of the river Thyamis towards the south by tributaries of the river Drinos towards the north and by the small river Pavllë to the west. There are forests in the lower areas of the mountain and grasslands in the higher elevations.
 Bishop Peak is a peak rising to 3460 m (11352 feet) near the center of Rampart Ridge in the Royal Society Range. It was mapped by United States Geological Survey (USGS) from ground surveys and Navy air photos and named by Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names in 1963 for the Bernice P. Bishop Museum Honolulu which has been active in Antarctic research.
 The Waterberg (Northern Sotho: Thaba Meetse) is a mountainous massif of approximately 14500 square kilometers in north Limpopo Province South Africa. The average height of the mountain range is 600 m with a few peaks rising up to 1400 m above sea level. Vaalwater town is located just north of the mountain range. The extensive rock formation was shaped by hundreds of millions of years of riverine erosion to yield diverse bluff and butte landform.
 Mynydd Eglwysilan is a 355-metre-high hill in Caerphilly county borough in South Wales 3km to the south of Nelson and a similar distance southwest of Ystrad Mynach. To its south is Senghenydd at the head of the Aber Valley. Like neighbouring Cefn Eglwysilan the hill is named after the hamlet of Eglwysilan 4km to the southwest the church here being dedicated to an obscure Saint Ilan. Remains of a linear earthwork known as Senghenydd Dyke stretch across the southern side of the hill.
 The Turcu River or Moieciu River is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Moieciul Cald and Moieciul Rece
 Dahan Creek or Takekan Creek (Chinese: 大漢溪) is a creek in Taiwan. It originates in Hsinchu County and then flows through Taoyuan County and New Taipei City for 135 km before it joins Xindian Creek in Taipei to form the Tamshui River. It is dammed in Taoyuan County by the Shihmen Dam which holds the Shihmen Reservoir. The Junghua Dam is 26 km upstream and designed to prevent silt from building up downstream in the Shihmen Reservoir.
 Sant Mamet is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1391 metres above sea level.
 Junkernkopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Sheepshanks is a small lunar crater located near the northern edge of Mare Frigoris. Due south on the opposite shore is the prominent crater Aristoteles while to the north is C. Mayer. Sheepshanks appears somewhat oblong due to foreshortening but it is actually nearly circular. The inner walls slope down to a ring of material around the inner floor. There is a small craterlet along the southeastern inner wall.
 The Amargosa Valley is a valley within the Amargosa Desert located in Nye County southwestern Nevada.
 The Acará-Mirim River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Ogof y Daren Cilau is one of several cave systems in the Llangattock escarpment near Crickhowell in south Powys Wales.Its awkward 517m entrance crawl is a natural barrier to any casual visitor and precludes the need for a locked gate to protect it from vandals.
 The Little Knife River (East) is a 5.7-mile-long (9.2 km) river in Lake County Minnesota United States. It is a tributary of the Knife River located northwest of the city of Two Harbors. A second Little Knife River flows into the Knife River from the west through St. Louis County.
 Jabal Umm al-Farfar is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Turbanu River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 The Wollondilly River an Australian perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury–Nepean catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands and Southern Highlands regions of New South Wales. The river meanders from its western slopes near Crookwell flowing south-east through Goulburn turning north-east to near Bullio flowing north-west to Barrallier before finally heading north-easterly into its mouth at Lake Burragorang.
 The Oțapu River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
 Col de Méraillet (el. 1605 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Savoie in France ; it belongs to the commune of Beaufort.It is traversed by the D 925 road which also crosses the Cormet de Roselend.
 The Mohawk Mountains (Maricopa: Vii Kachkwiny) is a mountain range in the northwest Sonoran Desert of southwest Arizona. It abuts the western Gila River valley to the north and is located in southern Yuma County Arizona and is part of an eleven mountain range–three valley region. The Mohawk Valley lies southwest of the range; the San Cristobal Valley is northeast.The Mohawk Mountains-Bryan Mountains is a northwest-southeast trending block faulted system.
 Glen Fernaigh River a perennial river of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales Australia.
 Middle Cascade Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington and is to the north of Spider Mountain and east of Mount Formidable. Middle Cascade Glacier has a significant icefall that is thinning and may eventually separate the upper section of the glacier from the lower. Middle Cascade Glacier retreated 260 m (850 ft) between 1979 and 2005. The smaller Spider Glacier is just southeast of Middle Cascade Glacier.
 Lac des Rousses is a lake in Les Rousses Jura department Franche-Comté France close to the Vallée de Joux in Switzerland. The lake drains through the Orbe (river) into Lac de Joux.
 Jumgal Too is a mountain range in internal Tian Shan in Kyrgyz Republic. It is part of Jumgal mountain system which includes also ranges Sandyk Kara Moynok Kindik and Oy Kaiyn. The length of the range is 54 km width - 15 km and height up to 4121m.
 The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Stübenwasen is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Halmer River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 Church Mountain sometimes called Slievegad (Irish: Sliabh an Chodaigh meaning mountain of the covenant) is the westernmost of the Wicklow Mountains in Ireland. At the summit are the remains of a large cairn and an old triangulation pillar. Just east of the N81 national route it lies roughly halfway between Hollywood to the north and Donard to the south.
 Lake Miccosukee is a large swampy prairie lake in northern Jefferson County Florida USA located east of the settlement of Miccosukee. A small portion of the lake its northwest corner is located in Leon County.
 The Rapid River (Little Fork River) is a river of Minnesota.
 Florido River is a river of Mexico. It is a tributary of the Rio Conchos which in turn flows into the Rio Grande.
 The Mystic Lakes consisting of Upper Mystic Lake and Lower Mystic Lake are closely linked bodies of water in the northwestern suburbs of Boston Massachusetts.The lakes lie at an elevation of 1 meter above sea level within the towns of Winchester Arlington and Medford Massachusetts.
 Galbraith Mountain is the common name for North Lookout Mountain located between the communities of Sudden Valley and Bellingham Washington. A 3125-acre (12.65 km2) area was owned by the Trillium Corporation until April 1 2010 when the company surrendered the property to Polygon Financial Partners instead of defaulting on the loan held by Polygon. Galbraith Mountain has two main summits which are 1365 ft (416 m) and 1785 ft (544 m) high.
 Zeeman is a lunar impact crater located on the far side of the Moon near its south pole. It is not directly visible from the Earth. To the northwest of Zeeman lies the crater Numerov. Southeast of the rim is the crater Ashbrook.The outer rim of Zeeman is eroded somewhat irregularly with considerable variation in width of the inner slopes. The crater Zeeman Y lies across the northern wall reaching almost to the relatively flat interior floor.
 Dock Tarn is a small tarn located within the Lake District National Park in Cumbria England at grid reference NY273143. It is situated on moorland at 400 metres above sea level near the summit of Great Crag midway between Watendlath the Stonethwaite valley and Borrowdale. It measures approximately 300 by 200 metres and the shoreline is indented with rocky headlands and bays. There is a tiny island in the tarn with a few small Rowan trees growing on it.
 The Specter Range is a small mountain range in southeastern Nye County Nevada.The southern margin of the range is bounded by the Amargosa Desert with the Funeral Mountains and Death Valley beyond. Yucca Mountain Jackass Flat and Skull Mountain lie to the northwest and north across Rock Valley. The south boundary of Nevada Test Site lies on the northern slopes of the range. Mercury Valley and the town of Mercury lie to the northeast.
 Lake Hornborga (Swedish: Hornborgasjön) is a lake in Västergötland in Sweden famous for its many birds in particular the many cranes that stay here temporarily during their annual migrations.
 The Valea Cetății River is a tributary of the Avrig river in Romania.
 The Valea de Pruni River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Leitzach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Monte Litto is a mountain of Campania Italy. It is 700 metres above sea level.
 The Little Black Sturgeon River is a river in the Nelson River drainage basin in Kenora District northwestern Ontario Canada. It is a tributary of the Black Sturgeon River.
 Guraletschsee is a lake above Vals in the canton of Grisons Switzerland. The lake lies entirely on territory of the municipaliy of Vals.The water from the lake runs down north and is suspected to be divertet to Lake Zervreila at the level of its dam.A popular hike starts at Zervreila passes the three remote lakes Guraletschsee Amperveilsee and Selvasee and descends via Selva Alp to Vals. Vals is famous for its spa designed by Peter Zumthor.
 The Strona is a mountain torrent in the Province of Verbano Cusio Ossola northern Italy a tributary of the Toce. It rises on Monte Capezzone at an elevation of 2421 m and runs through the Valle Strona (the communes of Valstrona Massiola Quarna Sopra Loreglia Germagno Omegna Casale Corte Cerro and Gravellona Toce) before entering the Toce. At Omegna it is joined by the Nigoglia the outlet of Lago d’Orta.
 Glen Pass (also known as Blue Flower Pass) is a mountain pass in the Sierra Nevada located in Kings Canyon National Park eastern Fresno County California United States. This pass on the John Muir Trail links Rae Lakes at 10544 feet (3214 m) elevation with Charlotte Lake at 10499 feet (3200 m) elevation.The pass was named after Glen H. Crow a Forest Service ranger.
 Qafa e Morinës is a mountain pass through the Albanian mountains along the border between Albania and Kosovo. In this place there is a border crossing point between the two countries.
 The Cincu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Donaldson Mountain is a mountain located in Franklin County New York named in 1924 after Alfred Lee Donaldson (1866–1923) author of A History of the Adirondacks. The mountain is part of the Seward Mountains of the Adirondacks.Donaldson Mtn.
 The Santo Antônio River (Bahia) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Hermăneasa River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 The Little Sucker River is a 1.6-mile-long (2.6 km) stream in St. Louis County Minnesota flowing directly into Lake Superior.
 Leirungskampen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Mullaghmast (Irish: Mullach Maistín) (modern spelling in English is Mullamast) is a hill in the south of County Kildare Leinster near the village of Ballitore. It was an important site in prehistory in early history and again in more recent times. It is classed as a National Monument by the Department of the Environment Community and Local Government.
 Dongdaesan is a mountain located in Daean-dong Buk-gu Ulsan South Korea. It has an elevation of 447 m (1467 ft). On the top of a mountain is a 2.5 meter tall monument that reads Our wish is reunification (우리의 소원은 통일) referring to the reunification of the Korean peninsula.
 Pike River (French: Rivière aux Brochets) is a river in the regional county municipality of Brome-Missisquoi in the Montérégie region of Quebec Canada. It is a distributary of Lake Carmi in Vermont United States.
 The Mangatewai River is a river of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally east from the Ruahine Range to reach the Tukipo River (itself a tributary of the Tukituki River) five kilometres north of the township of Takapau.The Mangatewai River should not be confused with its southern neighbour the Mangatewainui River.
 Elizabeth Lake lies directly on the San Andreas earthquake fault wihin the Angeles National Forest in northwest Los Angeles County California. Situated in the western Antelope Valley and surrounded by the rolling golden foothills of the Sierra Pelona Mountains it is one of a series of sag ponds in the area including Hughes Lake and the Munz Lakes all created by the motion of the Earth's tectonic plates.
 Ruvuma River formerly also known as the Rovuma River is a river in the African Great Lakes region. It forms during the greater part of its course on the border between Tanzania and Mozambique (in Mozambique known as Rio Rovuma). The river is 800 kilometres (497 mi) long with a drainage basin 155500 square kilometres (60000 sq mi) in size. Its mean annual discharge is 475 m³/s (16774 cfs) at its mouth.
 The Gâdești River is a tributary of the Poicu in Romania
 Sulphur Creek is a 4.5-mile (7.2 km) tributary of Aliso Creek in Orange County in the U.S. state of California. Draining about 6 square miles (16 km2) of mostly residential land in the southern San Joaquin Hills it is the creek's largest tributary. Geologically the Sulphur Creek watershed was once part of a large and shallow sea that covered most of southern California.
 The Halfpint Range is a mountain range in Nye County Nevada.
 Längelmävesi (Finnish pronunciation: [ˈlæŋŋelmæʋesi]) is a lake in southwestern Finland. The lake is located mostly in the Pirkanmaa region at an elevation of 84.2 metres (276 ft). Längelmävesi is within the municipalities of Jämsä (formerly Längelmäki) Kangasala (formerly Sahalahti) Kuhmalahti and Orivesi.
 Frenzelsberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Hasenmatt is a mountain of the Jura range located north of Grenchen and Solothurn in the Swiss canton of Solothurn. Reaching a height of 1445 metres above sea level it is the highest summit in the canton of Solothurn. The Hasenmatt is also the easternmost summit above 1400 metres of the Jura Mountains.The summit of the Hasenmatt can be easily reached by several trails and a road culminating at 1318 metres.
 Piz Muragl is a mountain of the Livigno Alps overlooking Pontresina in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range south of the Val Muragl.
 Iazu is an impact crater located within the Meridiani Planum extraterrestrial plain situated within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars. This geological feature is about 7 km in diameter. It is close to the landing site of the Mars Exploration Rover-B Opportunity and its walls have been photographed by the spacecraft during its traverse to Endeavour crater. At the time the crater was about 38 kilometers (24 mi) away.
 The Hackett Lake is located in the Hackett (township) in the unorganized territory of Lac-Masketsi in the Mekinac Regional County Municipality in the administrative region of Mauricie in Quebec in Canada.
 The Ohio River which streams westward from Pittsburgh Pennsylvania to Cairo Illinois is the largest tributary by volume of the Mississippi River in the United States. At the confluence the Ohio is even bigger than the Mississippi river (Ohio at Cairo: 281500 cu ft/s (7960 m3/s); Mississippi at Thebes: 208200 cu ft/s (5897 m3/s)) and thus is hydrologically the main stream of the whole river system including the Allegheny River further upstream.
 Rock Lake is a lake in Alberta. It lies in extreme western Yellowhead County.
 The Valea lui Stere River is a tributary of the Valea cu Apă River in Romania.
 The Tiejer Flue is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located between Arosa and Davos in the canton of Graubünden. It is the main summit between the Maienfelder Furgga and the Strelapass.
 The Pierre Avoi is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Saxon in the canton of Valais. It is located on the chain between the main Rhone valley and the valley of Bagnes.The closest locality is Verbier from where several trails lead to the summit of Pierre Avoi.
 The Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
 Webster Pass elevation 12103 ft (3689 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado in the United States. Originally known as Handcart Pass the name changed in the 1870s after the Webster brothers constructed a toll road.
 Lago di Lucendo is a reservoir at the St. Gotthard Pass in the municipality of Airolo of the canton of Ticino Switzerland. The dam Lucendro with a height of 73 m was completed in 1947.16x Media related to Lago di Lucendro at Wikimedia Commons
 The Hewitson River is a short river in Thunder Bay District northwestern Ontario Canada.
 Owasco Lake /oʊˈwɑːskoʊ/ is the sixth largest and third easternmost of the Finger Lakes of New York in the United States of America (USA). The name Owasco can be roughly translated from a Mohawk and Iroquois term meaning crossing.The lake is eleven miles (17 km) long and the city of Auburn is located at the northern end and takes its drinking water from the lake. The lake lies entirely within the boundaries of Cayuga County.
 Rágesjávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 4.38-square-kilometre (1.69 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 22 kilometres (14 mi) northeast of the village of Máze and about 22 kilometres (14 mi) south of the large lake of Iešjávri.
 Vihren (Bulgarian: Вихрен) is the highest peak of Bulgaria's Pirin Mountains. Reaching 2914 metres (9560 ft) it is Bulgaria's second and the Balkans' third highest after Musala and Mount Olympus. The peak is located in Pirin's northern parts. The easiest route is from the Vihren chalet (2000 m) reaching the summit from the south. Other routes include those from Banderitsa chalet (1800 m) or across the ridge Koncheto from the north. A number of Pirin's lakes are located around the peak.
 Wolli Creek an urban watercourse of the Cooks River catchment is located in the southern suburbs of Sydney in New South Wales Australia.
 The Pueblo Mountains are a remote mountain range in the United States located in southeastern Oregon and northwestern Nevada. The highest point in the range is Pueblo Mountain. The dominant vegetation throughout the range are grasses and sagebrush; however there are meadows with cottonwood aspen and willow groves along some stream drainages. Most of the Pueblo Mountains are public lands administered by the Bureau of Land Management.
 Lac la Nonne is a lake in central Alberta Canada. It is located between Lac Ste. Anne County and Barrhead County 85 km north-west from Edmonton east of the Grizzly Trail.The lake is controlled by a dam and drains through MacDonald Creek into the Pembina River.
 The Góra Świętej Anny Mountain (Polish pronunciation: [ˈɡura ˈɕfʲɛntɛj ˈannɨ]) or St. Anne's Hill (German: Annaberg; Upper Silesian Anaberg) is an monadnock in Upper Silesia Poland next to the community of the same name. It is the location of the Franciscan Monastery of St. Anne whose chapel is an important destination for Roman Catholic pilgrimage.
 The Valea Surpeții River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
 Måsnaren is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Strawberry River is an 18-mile (29 km) river located in eastern Utah United States.Strawberry River's headwaters are located in the Wasatch Mountains of the western Uintah Basin. The river flows east into Strawberry Reservoir and then out through Soldier Creek Dam.
 Mynydd y Gwair (Penlle’r Castell) (English: The Hay Mountain) is a mountain in Swansea Wales. Mynydd y Gwair is 373m/1224 ft high.[1]
 (This article is about the Barker Reservoir near Houston Texas. For the reservoir near Nederland Colorado see Barker Meadow Reservoir).The Barker Reservoir and Barker Dam in conjunction with the Addicks Reservoir prevent downstream flooding of Buffalo Bayou in the City of Houston.
 Gronach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake Trahlyta is named for Princess Trahlyta of the Eastern Band of Cherokees. The lake is located in Vogel State Park near Blairsville Georgia which is one of first two original state parks in the state of Georgia.
 The Spirit River is a tributary of the Wisconsin River with headwaters in Price County and a confluence with the Wisconsin in Lincoln County just downstream from Lake Mohawksin. The source is Spirit Lake near Timms Hill. The Ojibwe name for the river was Manatokikewe Sebe (Stooping Spirit River). The river flows nearly west to east. About one mile from its mouth the Wisconsin Valley Improvement Company maintains a dam which forms the Spirit River Flowage.
 Eagle's Nest Hill (Russian: Орлиное Гнездо) is a hill in the Russian city of Vladivostok. Previously called Klykova the peak was re-named in honour of the Russian troops who fought at Mt. St Nicholas in the Shipka Pass during the Russo-Turkish war of 1878. Geologically the Eagle's Nest is an extinct volcano part of the Sikhote Alin range.
 The Pairatahi River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally north to reach Rangaunu Harbour to the northeast of Awanui.
 The Păltinei River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 The Cervera Mountains (Valencian: Muntanyes de Cervera) is a 18.8 km (12 mi) long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca Valencian Community Spain. In some ancient texts these mountains are known as Serra d'en Menor. Its highest point is Revoltons (635 m). Other notable summits are Perdiguera (516) and Mola (481).
 The Spree (German pronunciation: [ˈʃpʁeː]; Sorbian: Sprjewja Czech: Spréva) is a river that flows through the Saxony Brandenburg and Berlin states of Germany and in the Ústí nad Labem region of the Czech Republic. Approximately 400 kilometres (250 mi) in length it is a left bank tributary of the River Havel which itself flows into the Elbe and then the North Sea.
 Ramme is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Botnsvatnet or Botsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Valle in Aust-Agder county Norway. The lake is located just north of the lakes Rosskreppfjorden and Kolsvatnet and also to the north of the mountain Urddalsknuten. The village of Valle is located 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) to the east of the lake. The lake has an area of 5.61 square kilometres (2.17 sq mi) and sits at an elevation of 1020 metres (3350 ft) above sea level.
 The Río del Pasto is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Mount Harper is a deeply eroded Late Proterozoic volcanic complex located 71 km (44 mi) north of Dawson City and 33 km (21 mi) west of Mount Gibben. Mount Harper is in the Ogilvie Mountains and is the 1200 m (3900 ft) thick remnant of a subaqueous-to-emergent basaltic shield volcano capped by small rhyodacitic and andesitic lava flows. It oversteps the Harper Fault.
 Andrews Glacier is an alpine glacier in a cirque below Otis Peak (12486 ft (3806 m)) in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado. The glacier extends from Andrews Pass at nearly 12000 to 11700 feet (3700 to 3600 m) with some perennial snow extending to Andrews Tarn a small proglacial lake.
 The Growler Valley is a valley of south-central Arizona west of Ajo Arizona.Growler Valley is a 65-mile (105-km) long valley paralleling the Growler Mountains on the east-(attached to the Little Ajo Mountains) and the Granite Mountains on the west.The Growler Wash transits the valley northwesterly and turns west to meet the San Cristobal Wash at the north end of the Granite Mountains.
 Tehachapi Pass is a mountain pass crossing the Tehachapi Mountains in Kern County California in the United States. Traditionally the pass marks the northeast end of the Tehachapis and the south end of the Sierra Nevada range. The route is a principal connector between the San Joaquin Valley and the Mojave Desert. The Native American Kitanemuk people used the pass as a trade route before the American settlement of the region in the 1800s.
 The Kanhar River (Hindi: कनहार नदी) is a tributary of the Son River and flows through the Indian states of Chhattisgarh Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh.
 Narran River a watercourse of the Barwon catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Southern Downs district of Queensland and Orana district of New South Wales Australia.The rivers rises south west of Dirranbandi as a branch of the Balonne River in Queensland and flows generally to the south and south-west before reaching its mouth with Narran Lake between Brewarrina and Walgett in New South Wales; descending 61 metres (200 ft) over its 299 kilometres (186 mi) course.In March 2010 the Narran River flooded the Angledool Lake at Angledool and then spilled into Weetalabah Creek that cross the Castlereagh Highway thus filling the Coocoran Lake near Lightning Ridge.
 The Ciobu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 The Old Bed Eyre River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It lies to the south of the Eyre River into which it flows near Kaiapoi.
 The Bois d'Orange River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 High Mountain is a mountain on the Bergen and Passaic county line New Jersey. The peak rises to 1106 feet (337 m). It is part of the Ramapo Mountains and is not to be confused with the like-named High Mountain in the Preakness Range of the Watchung Mountains.High Mountain is partially within Ringwood State Park.
 The Strehareți River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania near the city of Slatina.
 Piz la Stretta (also known as Monte Breva) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. Its 3104 metre high summit overlooks the pass of La Stretta (2476 m)
 Itaparaná River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Roine is a medium-sized lake in Finland. The lake is located in the Pirkanmaa region mostly in the municipality of Kangasala and for a lesser part in the municipality of Pälkäne.The lake is part of Kokemäenjoki basin and a chain of lakes that consists of Längelmävesi Vesijärvi Roine Pälkänevesi and Mallasvesi.
 The Wedge el. 10548 feet (3215 m) is a small mountain range southeast of Cameron Montana in Madison County Montana. It is a sub-range of the Madison Range.
 The Paloșul River is a tributary of the Frumoasa River in Romania.
 The Three Sisters also known as Mount Trinity[citation needed] is a mountain immediately north of Fernie British Columbia northwest of the confluence of Fairy Creek with the Elk River. It should not to be confused with the Alberta Rockies' peaks of the same name located further north outside Canmore.The summit on the middle sister is the highest point in the Fernie area at 2788 m (9147 ft).
 The Milioara River or Mierea River is a small river in the proximity of Târgovişte. In the Middle Ages the course of the river created the moat along the city's ramparts. Originally the river was a tributary of the Ialomiţa River. In 1927 the river was diverted into the Ilfov River
 Fourbass Lake is a lake in Timiskaming District Ontario Canada about 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Temagami.
 The Hartz Mountains are twin mountains located in Tasmania. They are 55 kilometres south west of Hobart and are part of the Hartz Mountains National Park. The Hartz Mountains area experiences typical south-west weather conditions. In all seasons there can be snow high rainfall extremes of temperature strong winds and sudden weather changes.
 The Seaward River is a river in New Zealand's South Island. It flows northeast from its origins in north Canterbury's Puketeraki Range reaching the Hurunui River 35 kilometres southwest of Culverden.
 The Glentui River is a river in the Canterbury region of New Zealand. It arises on the slopes of Mount Richardson and flows south-east through the locality of Glentui and into Ashley River/Rakahuri which exits in the Pacific Ocean. The river was earlier called Tui Creek and the locality named from the station Glentui established by H.C.H. Knowles in 1854.There are nature and waterfall walking tracks along the river.
 Geumosan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 776 metres.
 Devdaraki (Georgian: დევდარაკი) is a valley glacier located on the northeastern slope of Mt. Kazbek. The length of the glacier is 5.5 km (3.4 mi) and its surface area is 7.13 km2 (2.75 sq mi). The tongue of the Devdaraki Glacier descends to 2300 metres (7500 ft) above sea level. Devdaraki is known for its intense surging properties that have caused significant destruction in the past (particularly from the late 18th to the late 19th centuries).
 Veslfjellet is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Chapecozinho River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Slate River is located in the northwest of the South Island of New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Aorere River.
 Lake Aroarotamahine also known as Green Lake is one of two small crater lakes on Mayor Island / Tuhua in the Bay of Plenty New Zealand. Its outlet is a wetland leading to the smaller Lake Te Paritu or Black lake.The lake has a green colour due to algae. According to Māori legend the green is the blood of Pounamu (greenstone) which fought a battle with Tuhua (obsidian) and defeated fled to the South Island.
 Koh e Hindaki Romanized Hendaki Endakī Indikki Indiki and Hindka’i (Persian: کوه هندکی ‎ Mountain of the Hindu Region) is a mountain of the Hindu Kush in Afghanistan.It is located near Bagrami District Kabul Province.Hindaki was a very large room. The area was on both sides of the ridges of the southern of Kassa ye Kabul (Kabul Basin). Hindaki is not a mountain but a phenomenon of the most important historical significance. Over the history of the area Hindaki has been minimized.
 Norrenberger Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 North Moat Mountain is a mountain located in Carroll County New Hampshire. North Moat is flanked to the south by Middle Moat Mountain and to the west by Big Attitash Mountain.North Moat Mountain stands within the watershed of the upper Saco River which drains into the Gulf of Maine at Saco Maine. The northwest side of North Moat Mtn. drains into Lucy Brook thence into the Saco River.The east side of North Moat drains into Moat Brook thence into the Saco.
 Lendfjellet is a mountain in Breheimen National Park in southern Norway. The summit makes borderpoint between the municipalities of Lom and Skjåk.
 Kugler is a lunar crater that lies in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It is located just past the southeast limb of the Moon's surface in the proximity of the libration zone that is occasionally brought into sight.
 Mynydd y Dref (Welsh : Mountain of the Town) or Conwy Mountain is a hilly area to the west of the town of Conwy in North Wales. To the north it overlooks the sea of Conwy Bay and to the south lie the foothills of the Carneddau range of Mountains of which it forms a part.
 The Cacova River is a tributary of the Govora River in Romania.
 The Ghilcoș River is a tributary of the Hăghimaş River in Romania.
 The Hohe Loog is a mountain 619 m above sea level in the Haardt the eastern rim of the Palatine Forest in Germany. The mountain lies within the borough of Neustadt an der Weinstraße in the southern part of the state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
 Optima Lake is a reservoir in Texas County Oklahoma. The lake is located near the towns of Hardesty and Guymon in the Oklahoma Panhandle. The earthen Optima Lake Dam (National ID # OK20510) was constructed in 1978 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers with a height of 120 feet and a length at its crest of 16875 feet. Although designed to contain a maximum of 618500 acre-feet the lake has never reached more than 5 percent of its design capacity and now is effectively empty.
 Lake Chagan (or Lake Balapan) Kazakhstan is a lake created by the Chagan nuclear test fired on January 15 1965 part of the Nuclear Explosions for the National Economy. Its water comes from the Chagan River. Often referenced as Atomic Lake the crater lake's volume is approximately 100000 m3 (81 acre·ft) and the lake is still radioactive although it has decayed to the point where people can swim in it. To the south the rim of the crater holds back the waters of a second reservoir.
 The Gorzente is an Apennine torrent of the Po basin in north-west Italy. A tributary of the Piota it flows through the territory of the communes of Campomorone Bosio Mornese Casaleggio Boiro Lerma and Tagliolo Monferrato.The source on the border between Piedmont and Liguria is Lago Bruno which at an elevation of 646 metres above sea level is the lowest of the three linked Laghi del Gorzente.
 The Halinga River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Collawash River is a 12-mile (19 km) tributary of the Clackamas River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Formed by the confluence of Elk Lake Creek and the East Fork Collawash River in the Cascade Range it flows generally north-northwest from source to mouth through the Mount Hood National Forest. The largest tributary of the upper Clackamas it provides about a third of bigger river's low-flow volume.
 Vrelo Ibra (pronounced [ʋrê.lo iɓɾa]; English: Spring of the Ibar River) is the spring of the River Ibar located in the north-east region of Montenegro in Rožaje. It is one of the top natural landmarks in Rožaje. It is located 10 km away from the city center on the northern side at the foot of the mountain Hajla in a dense conifer forest. Rožaje has a big amount of springs but the strongest one is the spring of the river Ibar which is also the longest Montenegrin river.
 Lac d'Issarlès is a lake in Le Lac-d'Issarlès Ardèche France. At an elevation of 1000 m its surface area is 0.9 km².
 Ch'iyar Jaqhi (Aymara ch'iyara black jaqhi precipice cliff black cliff hispanicized spelling Chiar Jakke) is a 4937 metres (16198 ft) high mountain located in the Andes in Bolivia. It is situated in the Oruro Department Sebastián Pagador Province (Santiago de Huari Municipality) Condo C Canton. It lies between the mountains Jatun Wila Qullu in the southwest and Wila Qullu in the northeast. The river Qullpa Jawira originates near Ch'iyar Jaqhi.
 The Abukuma River (阿武隈川 Abukuma-gawa) with a length of 234 km is the second longest river in the Tōhoku region of Japan and the 6th longest river in Japan. It runs through Fukushima Prefecture and Miyagi Prefecture rising from springs in the peaks of the Nasu mountains collecting water from tributaries leaving the Ōu Mountains and the Abukuma Highlands (阿武隈高地 Abukuma-kōchi) then emptying into the Pacific Ocean as a major river.
 The Rănghilești River is a tributary of the Corogea River in Romania.
 The Do Norte River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Valea cu Cale River is a tributary of the Aleu River in Romania.
 Mount Fisht (Russian: Фишт; Adyghe: Фыщт [fəɕt]) is a peak located in the western Caucasus Mountains in the Republic of Adygea southwestern Russia.The Fisht Olympic Stadium is named after this mountain.
 The River Bush (from the Irish: an Bhuais) is an Ulster river in County Antrim Northern Ireland. The river's source is in the Antrim Hills at 480m. From there the river flows northwest with a bend at the town of Armoy. It then flows west passing through Stranocum and then bends north passing through Bushmills before reaching the sea at Portballintrae on the North Antrim coast. It flows through a fertile valley devoted to grassland-based agriculture with limited arable cropping.
 The Carter-Moriah Range of mountains is located in the White Mountains in Coos County New Hampshire. The range forms the northern east side of Pinkham Notch opposite the northern Presidential Range. The range is also referred to as the Carter Range.
 Alden is a lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon between Hilbert to the north-northwest and Milne to the south-southeast. To the south-southwest lies Scaliger.Alden has a low rim that is overlain in the north and northeast by Alden C and the smaller Alden E. The rim is worn and eroded especially along the southern wall. The floor is somewhat irregular and pitted. The small crater Alden V lies just inside the north rim and is attached to Alden C to the east.
 The Balsas River (Spanish Río Balsas also locally known as the Mezcala River or Atoyac River) is a major river of south-central Mexico. The basin flows through the states of Puebla Morelos Guerrero and Mexico. The river empties into the Pacific Ocean at Mangrove Point adjacent to the city of Lázaro Cárdenas Michoacán.
 Étang de Lacanau is a lake in Lacanau Gironde France. Its surface area is 19.85 km²
 The Beica River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It joins the Olt River through the Oporelu Canal
 The Quill /ˈkwɪl/ is a dormant stratovolcano located on the island of Sint Eustatius in the Caribbean Netherlands. The summit elevation is 601 metres (1972 ft) above sea-level.It is also the second highest mountain in the Netherlands.The name 'Quill' originates from the Dutch term kuil ([ˈkœyl]) meaning 'pit' or 'hole' which was used originally with reference to the volcanic crater. The Quill was designated as a national park by the government of the Netherlands Antilles in 1998.
 The Valea Gârbelor River is a tributary of the Horoaba River in Romania.
 Saravi River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Deoksusan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1000.2 m (3281 ft).
 The Lake Kiskissink is located in the La Tuque (urban agglomeration) in Mauricie in Quebec in Canada. The area surronding the lake is administered by the Zec Kiskissink
 The Bagley Brook is a small watercourse that flows into the River Severn at Shrewsbury in Shropshire England.Its course has been severely altered by urban development in the area such that the brook is now little known or seen. However its name is used for an official area name - Bagley - which is an electoral division of the county council and a ward of the town council.The brook follows to some extent the old course of the River Severn.
 Rivey Hill is a hill overlooking Linton in Cambridgeshire. (grid reference TL567480) It is the highest point for several miles around and stands at the impressive height (for a Cambridgeshire hill) of 112 m/367 ft. The hill has steep sides going down into Linton and a prominence of 21 m. It is crowned by a large watertower which identifies it when seen from a long way off; the highest point is on private land but a footpath crosses near the top ascending from Linton.
 Vidal Valley is a 20 mile (32 km) long valley in the far eastern Colorado Desert bordering the Colorado River. Most of the valley is in eastern San Bernardino County California but the outfall on the Colorado is in northeast Riverside County.
 The Cañas River (Juana Diaz Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Merrill Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Hastings and Lennox and Addington Counties Ontario Canada.
 Walter's Camp is a boating facility in the United States located on the California side of the Colorado River between Blythe California and Yuma Arizona in Imperial County.
 Horseshoe Lake is a reservoir that was formed by the Horseshoe Dam on the Verde River in the U.S. state of Arizona. This lake is located inside the Tonto National Forest as such the facilities located here are managed by that authority. Located upstream and north of Bartlett Lake Horseshoe Lake is the first of the Salt River Project lakes to be very low when irrigation and domestic water requirements dictate.
 Mount Mitchell is the highest peak of the Appalachian Mountains and the highest peak in the eastern United States. It was the highest point in any state of the United States until Texas joined the union in 1845. The nearest higher point is Lone Butte in Colorado 1189 miles (1913 km) west. Mount Mitchell is located near Burnsville in Yancey County North Carolina in the Black Mountain subrange of the Appalachians and about 32 miles (51 km) northeast of Asheville.
 Mount Wrangell is a massive shield volcano located in Wrangell-St. Elias National Park and Preserve in southeastern Alaska United States. The shield rises over 12000 feet (3700 m) above the Copper River to its southwest. Its volume is over 220 cubic miles (920 km3) making it more than twice as massive as Mount Shasta in California the largest stratovolcano by volume in the Cascades.
 The Ulieș River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
 The Pembroke Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located between Loughborough Inlet and Phillips Arm. It has an area of 75 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 Hay Bluff (Welsh: Penybegwn) is a prominent hill at the northern tip of the Black Mountains an extensive upland massif which straddles the border between south-east Wales and England. Its flat summit which overlooks the middle Wye Valley and the book town of Hay-on-Wye is marked by a triangulation pillar at a height of 677 metres (2221 ft).The hill is largely within the Welsh county of Powys though parts of its eastern flanks lie within the English county of Herefordshire.
 The Das Flores River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro in southeastern Brazil.
 Ketzerbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Holzbach (Ahse) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Duckmaloi River a perennial stream that is part of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.The Duckmaloi River rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range east of Shooters Hill and flows generally to the north by east where it forms its confluence with the Fish River near Oberon; dropping 265 metres (869 ft) over the course of its 27 kilometres (17 mi) length.A small weir on the river called the Duckmaloi Weir forms part of the Fish River Water Supply Scheme and was constructed during 1963. 
 The Vaige (French: la Vaige) is a 53.6 km (33.3 mi) long river in the Mayenne and Sarthe départements western France. Its source is in Saint-Léger. It flows generally southeast. It is a right tributary of the Sarthe into which it flows in Sablé-sur-Sarthe.
 The North Fork Gunnison River (locally known as the North Fork) is a tributary of the Gunnison River 33.5 miles (53.9 km) long in southwestern Colorado in the United States. It drains part of the southwestern flank of the Elk Mountains northeast of Delta. It is formed in the mountains of northwestern Gunnison County by the confluence of Muddy Creek and Anthracite Creek. The confluence is located along State Highway 133 on the south side of McClure Pass.
 Mount Parnitha (Greek modern: Πάρνηθα ancient/Katharevousa: Πάρνης Parnis/Parnes; sometimes Parnetha) is a densely forested mountain range north of Athens the highest on the peninsula of Attica with an elevation of 1413 m and a summit known as Karavola (Καραβόλα). Much of the mountain is designated a national park and is a protected habitat for wildfowl first created in 1961.
 The Jigărea River is a headwater of the Moieciul Cald River in Romania. This river flows south.
 The Bohodei River is a tributary of the Aleu River in Romania. The Bohodei Waterfall is a touristical attraction on this river.
 Pawnee Creek is a 46.5-mile-long (74.8 km) tributary that joins the South Platte River in Logan County Colorado south of Sterling. The creek's source is in Weld County at the confluence of North Pawnee Creek and South Pawnee Creek in Pawnee National Grassland.
 Favor Peak is a mountain in the eastern part of Mitkof Island one of the islands in the Alexander Archipelago in Alaska. It is just northeast of Blaquiere Point and southwest of the Dry Strait.
 The Săcuța River is a tributary of the Moişa River in Romania.
 Klickitat Glacier is located on the east slopes of Mount Adams a stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Washington. Though within the Mount Adams Wilderness the glacier is situated within the boundaries of the Yakama Indian Reservation. The glacier descends from approximately 12000 ft (3700 m) to a terminus near 7200 ft (2200 m) below which an old lateral moraine once was the northern margin of the glacier.
 Knogl is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Rudolfův kámen (German: Rudolfstein or Ostroh) near Jetřichovice (Dittersbach) in the Bohemian Switzerland is a hill 484 m above sea level.It was named in 1824 after Rudolf 6th Prince Kinsky of Wchinitz and Tettau. Previously it had been called the Ostroh or Hoher Stein. A hut was built at the top. In good weather there are long views from the summit. The plateau is reached over 170 wooden and in some cases stone steps. The Rudolfstein was first climbed in 1824.
 The Zalău River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 Mózga is a river of Poland a tributary of the Ruż.
 The Pinhão River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Keechi Creek is a river in Palo Pinto County Texas. It originates two miles east of Graford and empties into the Brazos River northwest of Mineral Wells.
 The Stanovit River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 The Puruni River is a river of Guyana.
 Yasachnaya (Russian: Ясачная) is a river in the Russian Far East. It rises in the Chersky Range and after 490 kilometers (300 mi) meets the Kolyma River near the settlement of Zyryanka.
 Mount Mtelo (Sekerr) is the fifth highest 'mountain' in Kenya (3336m/10944 ft) after Mt Kenya Mt Elgon Aberdares and High Cheranganis [1] and is situated in the North West highlands of West Pokot County approximately 120 km north of Kitale Town.
 The Ounasjoki River (Northern Sami: Ovnnesjohka) is the Kemijoki River's largest tributary and is Finland's longest single river tributary. It is also the largest river entirely within its borders. Ounasjoki is approximately 299.6 kilometres (186.2 mi) in length and the catchment area is 13968 square kilometres (5393 sq mi) 27 percent of the Kemi catchment area.
 Fremont Peak is a summit in the Gabilan Range one of the mountain ranges paralleling California's central coast. The peak affords clear views of the Salinas Valley Monterey Bay the southern part of the Santa Clara Valley and surrounding mountain ranges. It is located on Rocky Ridge 11 miles (18 km) northeast of Salinas California.The peak is the site of Fremont Peak State Park which was established with 188 acres (76 ha) in 1936.
 Warahirka or Wara Hirka (Quechua wara trousers / bee Ancash Quechua hirka mountain hispanicized spellings Huarajirca Huara Jirca) is a mountain with an archaeological site of the same name in Peru. It is situated in the Huánuco Region Yarowilca Province Pampamarca District about 1.5 km from Pampamarca near La Florida and Warahirka (Huarajirca).
 The Paltin River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 Poulaphouca officially Pollaphuca (Irish: Poll a' Phúca meaning the Púca's hole) is a townland in County Wicklow Ireland on the border with County Kildare. It is primarily known for its hydroelectric generating station and artificial lake known as Poulaphouca Reservoir Poulaphouca Lake or Blessington Lake. The once famous Poulaphouca Waterfall has little water running over it any longer because of the hydroelectric project.
 The Mettenberg (also spelled Mättenberg) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Grindelwald in the Bernese Oberland. It lies north of the Schreckhorn.
 Box Springs Mountain is the highest peak in the Box Springs Mountains range at 3083+ feet (940+ m) in elevation. The mountain is located in northwestern Riverside County Southern California.
 Foss Reservoir also known as Foss Lake lies in Custer County Oklahoma on the Washita River about 15 miles (24 km) west of Clinton Oklahoma. The reservoir was constructed during 1958–1961 by the U. S. Bureau of Reclamation. The project was known originally as the Washita Basin Project. The lake and dam were named for the community of Foss Oklahoma about 6 miles (9.7 km) south of the site.
 Baumann's Cave (German: Baumannshöhle) is like nearby Hermann's Cave a show cave in Rübeland in the district of Harz and is Germany's oldest show cave.The grotto was formed in the Devonian limestone of the Elbingerode complex as the Bode Valley was being shaped. It was discovered in the 16th century and was visited by tourists from a very early stage. Amongst its most famous visitors was Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
 Mapanuepe Lake is a freshwater lake located in the province of Zambales in the Philippines. The lake was created after the cataclysmic eruption of Mount Pinatubo in 1991. Lahars following the eruption blocked the drainage of Mapanuepe River south of the volcano flooding Mapanuepe Valley together with its settlements. Only the steeple of the church protruding out of the water remained on one of the villages.
 The Dorrigo Plateau is a plateau in the Northern Tablelands and New England regions of New South Wales Australia. The plateau forms part of the Great Dividing Range and is sometimes referred to as the Dorrigo and Guy Fawkes Plateau.The highest peak on the plateau is Barren Mountain at an elevation of 1437 metres (4715 ft) AHD .
 Surtningssue (or Surtningssui) is the seventh highest mountain in Norway. It lies in Jotunheimen on the border between the municipalities Lom and Vågå. Surtningssue has several distinct peaks of which Store Surtningssue is the highest.Surtningssue is most easily reached from the cabin Memurubu along the northern shore of Gjendin.
 Changshou Lake (simplified Chinese: 长寿湖; traditional Chinese: 長壽湖; pinyin: Chángshòu Hú) is a man-made lake with another name Shizitun (Lion Beach) Reservoir in Changshou Chongqing China. In the purpose of generating electric power four hydraulic power stations were built after the dam construction had been completed in the 1950s. Since then a state farm was set up for fishery and horticulture as well as animal husbandry.
 Lake Coeur d'Alene is a natural lake in the Idaho Panhandle with its northern end located in the city of the same name. It spans 25 miles (40 km) long ranges from 1 to 3 miles (4.8 km) wide and has over 109 miles (175 km) of shoreline.
 The Manitoba Escarpment (known in the United States as the Pembina Escarpment) is a scarp that marks the boundary of glacial Lake Agassiz. It occurs in South Dakota North Dakota and Manitoba. Originally formed by the undercutting of Cretaceous sandstones by the ancestral Red River the escarpment was later steepened by glacial scouring. The vista today of wooded hills with small farms tucked into valleys (such as the Pembina Valley) is reminiscent of pastoral sections of New England.
 Ingraham Glacier is on the south-eastern flank of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is named for the Mount Rainier enthusiast Edward Sturgis Ingraham. From the summit ice cap Ingraham Glacier flows east between Gibraltar Rock (12660 ft (3860 m)) and Disappointment Cleaver and south of Little Tahoma Peak (11138 ft (3395 m)) which divides it from the much larger Emmons Glacier to the north.
 The Radika (Macedonian and Serbian: About this sound Радика  Radika; Albanian: Radikes) is a river in southern Kosovo and western Macedonia a 70 km (43 mi)-long right tributary to the Black Drin river.The Radika proper is 52 km (32 mi) long but measured from the most distant source in its watershed that of the Crni Kamen river it is 70 km (43 mi) long.
 The Pardo River (Ribeira River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Târnăvița River is a tributary of the Boz River in Romania.
 The Cassiar Mountains are the most northerly group of the Northern Interior Mountains in the Canadian province of British Columbia and also extend slightly into the southernmost Yukon Territory. They lie north and west of the Omineca Mountains west of the northernmost Rockies and the Rocky Mountain Trench north of the Hazelton Mountains and east of the Boundary Ranges.
 The Pratt River is a river in King County in Washington. It is a tributary of the Middle Fork Snoqualmie River. It was named for prospector George A Pratt who discovered nearby iron deposits in 1887.The river has its headwaters in tiny Upper Melakwa Lake. The river starts out as a small stream upon exiting the lake. The river soon enters much larger and better known Melakwa Lake. The river after exiting Melakwa Lake drops down the headwall below the lake starts to turn north.
 Lake Wilkie is a small scenic lake near Tautuku Bay in the Catlins south of Dunedin New Zealand. It formed after the last ice age and has gradually shrunk to its current size of 1.7 hectares (4.2 acres). Bog lakes like Lake Wilkie are a rare ecosystem in this part of the country.
 Summit Lake is a lake in the James Bay drainage basin in the Unorganized North Part of Algoma District in northeastern Ontario Canada. It is the source of the Kabinakagami River which flows via the Albany River to James Bay.
 Dolores Peak elevation 13296 ft (4053 m) is a summit in the San Miguel Mountains of southwest Colorado. The peak is southwest of Telluride in the Lizard Head Wilderness.
 The Quilimarí River is a river of Chile.
 Arresø is a lake located in the Hovedstaden region just north of Ølsted and east of Frederiksværk on the island of Zealand in Denmark.At 39.87 km² (15.39 sq mi) Arresø is Denmark's largest lake based on area. The lake runs into Roskilde Fjord through the Arresø Canal in Frederiksværk.
 Aspen Lake is a swampy lake in the Southern Cascade Range just west of Klamath Falls Oregon United States. It is about 5.5 by 3 miles (8.9 by 4.8 km) (2500 acres (10 km2)) in area and located at 4314 ft (1315 m) in altitude off Aspen Rd 56.8 mi (91 km) from the junction of Oregon Route 140 with Oregon Route 62 at White City Oregon.Trout is the primary species for fishing in Aspen Lake.
 The Bistra Mărului River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Draper's Osier Bed Stream is a small stream in southern England in the county of Berkshire. It is formed at a weir on the Kennet and Avon Canal and travels east for a while before merging with the head of the Holy Brook stream. An Osier bed is where historically willows were planted and coppiced to produce withies which were used for basket making fish-traps and other purposes. The willow species salix viminalis was typically grown for this purpose.
 La Miel is a river in Colombia and a tributary of the Magdalena River. The river originates in the Cordillera Central of the Andes and its watershed is located within the Caldas Department. Tributaries of La Miel include the Tenerife Salado Manso Moro Pensilvania Samana and Dulce rivers. The Miel I Dam is situated on the river.
 Lake Kuş or Lake Manyas (Turkish: Kuş Gölü meaning Bird Lake or Manyas Gölü) is a lake in western Turkey located in the Bandırma region. This is a shallow nutrient-rich freshwater lake (average depth 3 m) fed by groundwater and four streams. Small deltas have formed where the latter enter the lake comprising extensive marshes and tree-lined riverbanks. Narrow belts of reed Phragmites fringe much of the lake. Water is abstracted for factory use and for irrigation.
 The Recea River or Plopi River or Pârâul Plopilor is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Fan Llia is a subsidiary summit of Fan Fawr in the Fforest Fawr section of the Brecon Beacons National Park Wales. In common with other peaks in the Fforest Fawr uplands it lies within the county of Powys.The hill has the form of a broad ridge aligned south-south-west to north-north-east peaking at an altitude of 632m. It has a subsidiary top to the north which is known as Fan Dringarth and which attains a height of 617m.
 Sierra de Salinas is a mountain range in the California Coast Ranges located in central Monterey County California. The range is a part of the Salinian Block and lies between the Santa Lucia Range to the west and the Salinas Valley Salinas River and Gabilan Range to the east.
 The Valea Slabă River is a tributary of the Roşia River in Romania.
 Richards is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the northern interior of the walled plain Mendeleev on the far side of the Moon. It lies about half-way between the craters Bergman to the west-southwest and Fischer to the east both also within Mendeleev's interior.This is a circular cup-shaped crater with a small interior floor at the midpoint of the sloping inner walls. The interior sides have a higher albedo than the surroundings.
 Lake Tisza (Hungarian: Tisza-tó) also known as Kisköre Reservoir (Hungarian: Kiskörei-víztározó) is the largest artificial lake in Hungary. It is located at the southeastern edge of Heves county next to counties Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén Hajdú-Bihar and Jász-Nagykun-Szolnok.As part of the ongoing Tisza River flood control project it was built in 1973. Its filling was finished in the 1990s resulting a 127 km² lake.
 Mount Midori (緑岳 Midori-dake) also known as Mount Matsuura (松浦岳 Matsuura-dake) is a mountain located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Tsemperou (Greek: Τσεμπερού) is a mountain located in southern Arcadia central Peloponnese Greece. The elevation of its summit is 1254 m. It is situated southeast of the plain of Megalopoli 12 km from the town centre. Villages on the Tsemperou include Anavryto and Paparis. The river Alfeios flows north of the mountain.
 Mathesberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Oldenhorn (German) or Becca d'Audon (French) is a mountain in the western Bernese Alps in Switzerland. The summit is the tripoint between the cantons of Vaud Berne and Valais.The Oldenhorn is the second highest peak of the massif of the Diablerets and canton of Vaud. It overlooks the Tsanfleuron Glacier on the south and the Col du Pillon on the north.The summit can be easily reached by the east ridge in less than three hours.
 Leyerbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Cleostratus is a lunar crater near the northwest limb of the Moon. It lies to the northeast of the crater Xenophanes and west-southwest of the prominent Pythagoras. From the Earth this crater appears highly elongated due to foreshortening.The rim of this crater has become soft-shouldered due to steady impact erosion and the formation is now just a depression in the surface surrounded by an eroded rise.
 The River Stort is a river in Essex and Hertfordshire England. It is 24 miles (38 km) long and flows from just south of the village of Langley to the River Lea at Hoddesdon.
 Mittweida is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Lead Mountain at 1479 feet (451 m) high is a peak in eastern Maine. Lead Mountain is located north of the town of Beddington on the border of Hancock and Washington counties in Downeast Maine.
 The Bocicoel River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 Talbragar River a perennial stream that is part of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Upper Hunter and Orana districts of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the western side of the Liverpool Range on south slopes of Great Dividing Range north of Cassilis and flows generally south west joined by fifteen tributaries including the Coolaburragundy River and reaching its confluence with the Macquarie River near Dubbo; descending 876 metres (2874 ft) over its 277 kilometres (172 mi) course.The river flows through the Dunedoo; and is noted for its influence on flood particularly for its capacity for rapid rise and fall due to the wide catchment and the effect of its flood water on Dubbo.
 The Bega Luncanilor River or Bega Mare River is a headwater of the Bega River in Romania.The Țapa River is a tributary of this river.
 Ch'iqun (Quechua ch'iqu workable stone hispanicized spellings Chicon Chicón) is a mountain in the Urupampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5530 m (17713 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Calca Province Calca District and in the Urubamba Province Urubamba District. It is situated north east of the town Yucay south east of the Pumawanka and south west of the Siriwani.
 Navidad Lake is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia at an elevation of 160 m with surface area 22.5 km².
 The Molawin River also referred to as the Molawin Creek is one of the many low volume flowing rocky streams crisscrossing the campus of the University of the Philippines Los Baños and some areas of the town of Los Baños. Molawin Creek crosses the whole of the UPLB campus and essentially cuts it in half making it necessary to construct several bridges throughout the University's history to improve the campus' integrity and general accessibility.
 Kuhsee is a lake in Augsburg-Hochzoll-Süd Bezirk Schwaben Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is ca. 17 ha.
 Pillar is a mountain in the western part of the English Lake District. Situated between the valleys of Ennerdale to the north and Wasdale to the south it is the highest point of the Pillar group (some dozen fells clustered round it). At 892 metres (2927 feet) it is the eighth highest mountain in the Lake District. The fell takes its name from Pillar Rock a prominent feature on the Ennerdale side regarded as the birthplace of rock climbing in the district.
 Meynbach is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Loch Quoich (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Chuaich) is a loch and reservoir situated west of Loch Garry approximately 40k m northwest of Fort William Lochaber Scotland. The name means loch of the cup/quaich.Both lochs form part of the Glen Garry hydroelectricity project commissioned by the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board in the 1950s.The scheme was completed in 1962.
 Mammoth Mountain is a lava dome complex west of the town of Mammoth Lakes California in the Inyo National Forest of Madera County and Mono County. It is home to a large ski area on the Mono County side.Mammoth Mountain was formed in a series of eruptions that ended 57000 years ago. However Mammoth still produces hazardous volcanic gases that kill trees and caused ski patroller fatalities in 2006.
 The Indian River is a river in Muskoka Lakes Muskoka District in Central Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and connects Lake Rosseau (upstream) with Lake Muskoka (downstream).The river exits Lake Rosseau at Port Carling Dam flows through the Forman Narrows into Mirror Lake and reaches its mouth at Lake Muskoka off Hanna Point. The river was made navigable by the erection of the dam and creation of locks in 1871.
 Mount Sill is one of the fourteeners of the Sierra Nevada in California. It is located in the Palisades a group of striking rock peaks with a few small glaciers on their flanks. Mount Sill is located 0.6 miles (1 km) east of North Palisade the high point of the group. The two peaks are connected by a high rocky ridge on the north side of which lies the Palisade Glacier.
 The Înșiratele River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Đeravica Lake (Serbian: Језеро Ђеравица; Albanian: Liqeni i Gjeravicës) is a mountain lake in Kosovo located just under the summit of Đeravica. The lake is about 2200 m (7218 ft) above sea level. It is shaped like a tooth and is the origin of the Erenik river which flows down to the Metohija region of western Kosovo. The maximum length of this lake is 240 m (787 ft) and the width is 120 m (394 ft). The lake is known for is its many salamanders which feast on flying insects.
 The Lapoș River is a tributary of the Ciobănuș River in Romania.
 Barua Sagar Tal is a large lake situated in Barua Sagar near Jhansi in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh.
 The Nerang River is a river that begins in the McPherson Range in the Gold Coast hinterland and runs through Gold Coast City in South East Queensland Australia. It starts in the Numinbah Valley on the New South Wales border and heads north then east where it flows through Nerang and onto the Gold Coast Broadwater at Southport on the Gold Coast.The Nerang River catchment covers an area of 490 km². It has a length of 250 kilometres (160 mi).[citation needed]
 The River Sheaf is a river in Sheffield South Yorkshire England. Its source is the union of the Totley Brook and the Old Hay Brook in Totley now a suburb of Sheffield. It flows northwards past Dore through the valley called Abbeydale (so named because of Beauchief Abbey which overlooks it) and north of Heeley. It then passes into a culvert through which it flows under the centre of Sheffield emerging just once before joining the River Don near Blonk Street Bridge.
 Panix Pass or Panixer Pass (Romansh: Pass dil Veptga German: Panixerpass) (el. 2404 m.) is a Swiss Alpine pass between the cantons of Glarus and Graubünden.The pass was an important trade route from the canton of Glarus to Italy. It connects Elm in the Sernftal in Glarus with Pigniu (Panix) in the Vorderrhein valley of Graubünden.
 Osensjøen or Ossjøen is a lake in the municipalities of Åmot and Trysil in Hedmark County Norway. The lake has its outlet through Søre Osa to the Renaelva river and then to the Glomma.
 Herschel is a lunar impact crater located just to the north of the walled plain Ptolemaeus. Just to the north is the flooded crater Spörer and due east lies the disintegrated crater Gyldén. About a crater diameter to the northwest is the walled plain Flammarion along the southern edge of the Sinus Medii.The rim of this crater is generally circular although the western side is straight. It has a well-defined edge that is not significantly worn and the inner walls are terraced.
 Beer stone redirects here.Beer Quarry Caves is a man-made limestone underground complex located about a mile west of the village of Beer Devon and the main source in England for beer stone. The underground tunnels resulted from 2000 years of quarrying beer stone which was particularly favoured for cathedral and church features such as door and window surrounds because of its colour and workability for carving.
 The Nanticoke River is a major tributary of the Chesapeake Bay on the Delmarva Peninsula. It rises in southern Kent County Delaware flows through Sussex County Delaware and forms the boundary between Dorchester County Maryland and Wicomico County Maryland. The river course proceeds southwest and it empties into the Chesapeake at Nanticoke Maryland. The river is 64.3 miles (103.5 km) long.
 Salt Lake New Zealand is a lake in the north part of New Zealand's Northland Region just off the 1F Far North Road.
 Pomonkey Creek is a 1.8-mile-long (2.9 km) tidal tributary of the Potomac River near Bryans Road Maryland. It is named for the Pamunkey tribe of Native Americans that lived in the area.
 Kamojang popularly known as Kawah Kamojang or (the Kamojang crater) is a geothermal field and tourist spot in West Java Indonesia. The crater is located in sub-district (kecamatan) Ibun in the Bandung Regency approximately 45 km to the southeast of Bandung through the towns of Majalaya and Ibun.
 Grays Peak is the highest mountain in the Front Range of the Southern Rocky Mountains in the U.S. State of Colorado. Grays Peak is the tenth highest summit of the entire Rocky Mountains and is one of 54 fourteeners (mountains of over 14000 feet (4268 m) in elevation) in Colorado. Its nearest major city is Denver. Botanist Charles C. Parry made the first recorded ascent of the summit in 1861 and named the peak in honor of his botanist colleague Asa Gray.
 The Mangapu River is a river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It has its sources in numerous streams which flow generally northwards from the King Country south of Te Kuiti the longest of which is the Mangaokewa Stream. These streams join to form the Mangapu close to Te Kuiti and from here the river flows north passing close to the east of Waitomo Caves before flowing into the Waipa River at Otorohanga.
 The Garraf Massif (Catalan: Massís del Garraf IPA: [məˈsiz ðəɫ ɣəˈraf]) is a mountain range of the Catalan Coastal Range Catalonia Spain. Its cliffs reach the Mediterranean waters. Its highest point on the coastal side is La Morella 593 metres above sea level and further inland rises the higher although less conspicuous Montau (657 m).
 Gurrida Lake is a lake in the Province of Catania Sicily Italy.The lake stands near Randazzo in the north-west side of the Etna in the Province of Catania .It was created when an eruption of Etna in 1536 blocked part of the course of the Flascio river. During summer time it is often dry. This is not only due to the lower flow from the river but also due to the lake bed permeability.
 The Topasca River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Whitecrow Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Whitecrow Lake is south of Whitecrow Mountain and east of Stoney Indian Peaks.
 Bel'kovich is a large lunar crater of the form termed a walled plain. The formation has been heavily eroded by a history of subsequent impacts leaving it reshaped worn and the features softened and rounded. Bel'kovich is located along the northeastern limb of the Moon and so its visibility is subject to libration effects.
 Tisserand is a lunar crater that is located just to the east of the larger crater Macrobius to the northwest of the Mare Crisium.The rim of Tisserand has been eroded by impacts with depressions in the southern and northeastern sides and a nearly tangential curving valley cutting into the inner wall along the northwest. The interior floor is relatively level with low ridges near the eastern and western inner walls.
 Mount Barnard is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It is the 30th highest peak in Alberta and the 42nd highest peak in British Columbia. It was named in 1924 after Sir Frank Stillman Barnard a Lieutenant Governor of BC during the 1910s. It should not be confused with the higher Californian peak of the same name.
 Myinmoletkat Taung is the highest mountain of the Bilauktaung Tenasserim Hills. It is located in the Tanintharyi Region Burma 42 km west from the border with Thailand. With a height of 2072 m and a prominence of 1857 m Myinmoletkat Taung is one of the ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia.
 Dalecarlia Reservoir is the primary storage basin for drinking water in Washington D.C. fed by an underground aqueduct in turn fed by low dams which divert portions of the Potomac River near Great Falls and Little Falls.The reservoir is located between Spring Valley and the Palisades two neighborhoods in Northwest Washington and Brookmont a neighborhood in Montgomery County Maryland.
 The Bayfield River is a river in Huron and Perth Counties in southwestern Ontario Canada that empties into Lake Huron at the community of Bayfield in the municipality of Bluewater.The river and community are named after Henry Wolsey Bayfield who surveyed the area in the early 19th century.
 The Filipea River ( Hungarian: Fülpe-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Naguilán River is a river in Valdivia Province southern Chile. It originates from the confluence of several minor streams in the Valdivian Coast Range and drains to Tornagaleones River which in turn at the end outflows in Valdivia River.
 The Southern Oregon Coast Range is the southernmost section of the Oregon Coast Range in the Pacific Coast Ranges located in the southwest portion of the state of Oregon United States roughly between the Umpqua River and the middle fork of the Coquille River beyond which are the Klamath Mountains. To the east is the Umpqua Valley and to the west the Pacific Ocean. This approximately 55-mile (89 km)-long mountain range contains mountains as high as 3547 feet (1081 m) for Bone Mountain.
 Wiedey is an 8.3 km long river in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Colnic River is a tributary of the Râoaia River in Romania.
 Sinhagad Sinhgarh or Sinhgad (Marathi: सिंहगड The Lion's Fort) is a fortress located roughly 30 kilometres southwest of the city of Pune India. Previously called Kondhana (Marathi: कोंढाणा) the fort has been the site of many important battles most notably the battle of Sinhagad in 1670.
 Herridge Lake is a lake in the Temagami region of northern Ontario. The lake is approximately 4 mi (6.4 km) in length.Herridge Lake has lots of bays inlets weed beds and sholes. The lake is 159 feet deep in some spots. There is only one lodge on Herridge Lake which is called Herridge Lake Lodge located 54 miles north of North Bay and only one Resort which is called Papa John's Cottages.Herridge Lake contains fish populations of walleye smallmouth bass northern pike and lake trout.
 Tacchini is a lunar crater on the northwestern edge of the Mare Smythii near the eastern limb of the Moon. It lies just to the south of the prominent crater Neper and was designated Neper K before being given its current name by the IAU. To the west-southwest of Tacchini is the crater pair of Schubert and Back.This crater is roughly circular in form with a rim that is better defined along the eastern side.
 The Pagasetic Gulf (Greek: Παγασητικός κόλπος Pagasitikós kólpos; 39°15′N 23°00′E) is a rounded gulf (max. depth 102 metres) in the Magnesia regional unit (east central Greece) that is formed by the Mount Pelion peninsula. It is connected with the Euboic Sea. The passage into the Euboic Sea is narrow and is about 4 km. Its main port is Volos.
 The Taihiki River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally northeast from its sources north of Patumahoe to reach the Waiuku River shortly before the latter's outflow into the Manukau Harbour. As with the Waiuku River much of the Taihiki's length is as a wide silty estuary.
 The Sirina River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Piz Tschütta (also known as Stammerspitz) is a mountain of the Samnaun Alps overlooking Samnaun in the canton of Graubünden. With an elevation of 3254 metres (10676 ft) above sea level it is the second highest mountain of the Samnaun Alps.
 Spring Creek is a creek that divides Harris and Montgomery County in Southeast Texas. It is the only natural creek in both Harris and Montgomery County. The Creek flows into the west fork of the San Jacinto River west of Lake Houston. Spring Creek flows through the cities of Tomball the northern part of Spring The Woodlands and Kingwood.
 Nagaoka is a lunar crater that lies to the southeast of the Mare Moscoviense on the far side of the Moon. To the east of Nagaoka is the somewhat larger Konstantinov.This is a moderately eroded crater formation with the satellite crater Nagaoka W overlapping the northwestern rim. The remainder of the rim remains well-defined although it is overlain by several tiny craterlets. The inner wall has slumped in places forming terrace-like shelves.
 Kala Chitta Range is a mountain range located in the Attock District of Punjab Pakistan. The range thrusts eastward across the Potohar plateau towards Rawalpindi.
 The Tannheim Mountains (German: Tannheimer Berge) are a sub-group of the Allgäu Alps in the Bavarian-Tyrolean border region. Their name is derived from the village of Tannheim in the Tannheim Valley in the Austrian state of Tyrol.The highest elevations in the Tannheim Mountains are the Kellenspitze (2238 m) and Gimpel (2176 m) that may easily be ascended from Nesselwängle in the Tannheim valley.
 The Subbaetic or Sub-Baetic System (Spanish: Sistema Subbético or Cordillera Subbética) is one of the three systems of mountain ranges of the Baetic System in the southern Iberian Peninsula.Highest point 2027 m (6650 ft) high Peña de la Cruz in Sierra Arana. Its northern limit includes the valley of the Guadalquivir in its western part.
 Grassy Ridge Bald is a mountain in North Carolina and is part of the Roan Highlands within the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 6165 feet (1879 m) and it is on the border between Avery (highest point) and Mitchell counties. The mountain generates feeder streams for the North Toe River.
 The Styx River is a 41.3-mile-long (66.5 km) river in the state of Alabama. It rises in Baldwin County near the town of Bay Minette in the southwestern part of the state and is a tributary to the Perdido River. It is named for the River Styx in Greek mythology.
 Beisfjorden (Northern Sami: Ušmá) is a fjord in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. It is a fjord arm that branches off of the Ofotfjorden on the south side of the city of Narvik. The Beisfjord Bridge on the European route E06 highway crosses the fjord between Ankenes and Narvik. The village of Beisfjord is located at the end of the 11.5-kilometre (7.1 mi) long fjord. The maximum depth of the fjord reaches 44 metres (144 ft) below sea level.
 El Molino River (Rio El Molino) is the name of two medium streams in El Salvador. The first is located at 13°57′N 89°57′W near the city of Ahuachapán while the second is located at 13.262973°N 88.449974°W﻿ / 13.262973; -88.449974 near the Jiquilisco Bay. Both streams have at least large to moderate quantities of fresh water year round especially from early May through October.
 The Do Cobre River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Duck Lake is a small lake in the wetlands on the western shore of the Upper Mississippi River just north of Lansing Iowa in northeastern Allamakee County. It is a part of the New Albin-Big Lake Wildlife Management Area which itself is surrounded by the Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge. It is connected to the Upper Iowa River but leaks directly to the Big River itself.
 Maran Mayu (Quechua maran batan mayu river batan river) is a Bolivian river in the Chuquisaca Department.
 Snowdrift Lake (also Murphy Lakes) is a lake in Grand County Colorado United States. It is part of Rocky Mountain National Park. Snowdrift Lake lies at an elevation of 11069 feet (3374 m) below Snowdrift Peak.
 Merrahøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Okavango River is a river in southwest Africa. It is the fourth-longest river system in southern Africa running southeastward for 1600 km (990 mi). It begins in Angola where it is known as the Cubango River.
 Byälven is a river in Sweden.
 For the Oude Rijn branch in Gelderland Province see: Oude Rijn (Gelderland).The Oude Rijn (Old Rhine) is a branch of the Rhine delta in the Dutch provinces of Utrecht and South Holland. Its present-day length is 52 kilometres.In Roman times it was the main Rhine branch forming the northern border of the Roman Empire. In medieval times it was used for river transport and there is a towpath along large sections of the river many parts of which have been upgraded to roads over time.
 The Pârâul Popii River is a tributary of the Patacu River in Romania.
 The Borzia River ( Hungarian: Borzia-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Yerne is a river of Belgium. It flows for 15.5 kilometres through the province of Liège in the northern-central part of the country.
 Birks is a fell in the English Lake District situated two kilometres south west of the village of Patterdale in the Eastern Fells. The fells summit sits on a shoulder of the north east ridge of the higher and better known fell of St Sunday Crag by which it is dominated walkers often pass over the top of Birks either climbing or descending from the larger fell. The fells name means a place where Birch trees predominate.
 Monte Bondone is a mountain in the western Trentino northern Italy located west to the provincial capital of Trento. It has an elevation of 2180 metres (7152 ft).
 Pyhäjärvi (Saarijärvi) is a medium-sized lake of Central Finland located in the northern side of Saarijärvi municipality´s center. It belongs to Kymijoki mean catchment area. Pyhäjärvi (meaning: Holy lake) is very common name in Finland. There are 39 lakes with the same name.
 Lago Nero (Italian for black lake) is a lake in the Province of Piacenza Emilia-Romagna Italy.
 Cima Benta is a mountain in the Brenta group (It.: Dolomiti di Brenta) a subgroup of the Rhaetian Alps in the Italian Region of Trentino-Alto Adige with a reported height of 3150 metres (10330 ft)) The mountain rises imposingly up between the rock towers and pinnacles of the central Brenta Group. A sharp ridge connects the mountain on its southern side to the Spallone die Massodi. The northern ridge steeply descends towards Bocca del Tuckett.
 Bull lake is a lake in York County New Brunswick
 Lake Ohau is a glacial lake in the Mackenzie Basin of New Zealand's South Island. It is fed by the Hopkins and Dobson rivers which have their headwaters in the Southern Alps and has its outflow in the Ohau River which itself feeds into the Waitaki River hydroelectric project.Ohau is the smallest of three roughly parallel lakes running north-south along the northern edge of the Mackenzie Basin (the others are Lake Pukaki and Lake Tekapo).
 Dall Glacier is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Alaska Range on Mount Russell moving southwest then south to the Yentna River just below the present terminus of Yentna Glacier.
 Mount Sunflower is the highest natural point in the state of Kansas. At 4039 feet (1231 m) it is 3300 feet (1010 m) above the state's topographic low point in southeastern Kansas. Located in Wallace County it is less than half a mile (0.8 km) from the Colorado state border and close to the lowest point in Colorado.Mount Sunflower is located on private land owned by Ed and Cindy Harold who encourage visitors to the site.
 Lost Lake is a lake in Mount Hood National Forest 16.2 kilometres (10.1 mi) northwest of Mount Hood in Hood River County in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is 34.4 kilometres (21.4 mi) southwest of Hood River a 26.4-mile (42.5 km) drive.The lake is bounded on the east by 4468-foot (1362 m) Lost Lake Butte and on the southwest by 4556-foot (1389 m) Preachers Peak. The lake is fed by a three unnamed intermittent creeks from Lost Lake Butte and Inlet Creek from Preachers Peak.
 The Vancea de Jos River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Fântâna Mare River is a tributary of the Vărșag River in Romania
 Lake Rotokare is a natural lake in the New Zealand region of Taranaki. It is located 12 km east of Eltham in the 212 ha Rotokare Scenic Reserve.
 The Magé River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Onega Canal (Russian: Онежский канал) is a canal that runs along the southern banks of Lake Onega in Vytegorsky District of Vologda Oblast and Podporozhsky District of Leningrad Oblasts in Russia. It was built 1818 - 1820 and 1845 - 1852 as a part of Mariinsk Canal System to allow small riverboats to avoid Lake Onega where storms are frequent and where many boats had perished through the centuries.
 The White Pine Range is a group of mountains in southern White Pine County in eastern Nevada. The range runs for approximately 51 miles (82 km) from Beck Pass in the north to Currant Pass in the south. To the west of the range are the Duckwater (Shoshone) tribal lands and the northern arm of large Railroad Valley. To the east are Jakes Valley and the northern part of the long White River Valley.
 Igelbäcken (Swedish: Leech Rill) is a small stream in northern Stockholm Sweden. The drainage area part of the national park Ekoparken and divided into several nature reserves is shared by the municipalities of Järfälla Sollentuna Solna Stockholm and Sundbyberg.
 Drieňok is a mountain in the Greater Fatra Range of Slovakia measuring 1268 m (4160 ft). The typical pyramidal shape of the mountain which lies on the edge of the range steeply rises over the Turiec valley and is easily recognizable from any direction. Under the summit there is an emblematic dead and dry tree.
 Mount Orville is a high peak of the Fairweather Range the southernmost part of the Saint Elias Mountains. It is included in Glacier Bay National Park. The peak is the lower of a pair of peaks Mounts Wilbur and Orville named after the Wright Brothers.Though not a particularly high peak in absolute terms Mount Orville does stand quite high above local terrain due to its proximity to the ocean: the summit is only 7.5 miles from tidewater at the head of Lituya Bay to the southwest.
 Suwolsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 128 metres.
 Le Grammont is a mountain in the Chablais Alps near Le Bouveret in Valais. At 2172 metres above sea level it is one of the highest peaks overlooking Lake Geneva. Various trails lead to the summit mostly from the southern side. During the second World War there is a recorded incident of an RAF Lancaster getting shot down by the Swiss anti aircraft gunners and crashing into the mountain the pilot of the aircraft was Horace Badge and all of the crew were lost.
 Lai da Palpuogna (Romansh; German: Palpuognasee) is a mountain lake at Albula Pass in the municipality of Bergün in the Grisons Switzerland. In a 2007 television program of the Swiss channel SF 1 the lake was voted the most beautiful place in Switzerland.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub16x Media related to Lai da Palpuogna at Wikimedia Commons
 The Catalan Transversal Range (Serralada Transversal) is a system of minor mountain ranges at the eastern end of the Pre-Pyrenees between the Osona and Garrotxa comarques.
 The Horse River is a river of Minnesota.
 bnRobbins Pond is a 124-acre (0.50 km2) warm water pond in East Bridgewater and Halifax Massachusetts. It is part of the Taunton River Watershed. The inflow is Poor Meadow Brook and the outflow is the Satucket River. The water is brown in color with a transparency of five feet and the bottom is a mixture of sand and gravel. Average depth is four feet and maximum depth is just five feet. There are 1.7 miles (2.7 km) of shoreline.
 Hestdalshøgdi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Milliken Creek is an 11.9-mile-long (19.2 km) stream in Napa County California that is tributary to the Napa River. There are approximately 7300 acres (3000 ha) in this watershed of which 90 acres (36 ha) are developed as vineyards. Milliken Creek rises on the western slopes of the east side of the Napa Valley and flows through the Silverado Country Club property.
 The Figheș River is a tributary of the Putna Întunecoasă River in Romania.
 The Pierce Range is a small very steep-sided mountain range on central Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 94 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Thornton Lakes are located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Consisting of three cirque lakes located 1 to 1.75 mi (1.61 to 2.82 km) southeast of Mount Triumph the Thornton Lakes can be accessed on foot from a trailhead in Ross Lake National Recreation Area. The hike of 5.2 mi (8.4 km) includes a 2400-foot (730 m) altitude gain and a 500-foot (150 m) descent to Lower Thornton Lake.
 Høgeloft is a mountain on the border between the municipalities of Lærdal (in Sogn og Fjordane county) and Hemsedal (in Buskerud county) Norway. At 1920 metres (6300 ft) above sea level it is the highest mountain in the Filefjell mountain range. Høgeloft one of the mountains in the Hemsedal Top 20 group.Høgeloft is located about 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of the village of Borgund in Lærdal not far from the European route E16 highway and the old Filefjell Kongevegen road.
 Ta' Dmejrek is the highest point of Malta located on the Dingli Cliffs with an altitude of 253 metres (830 ft).
 The Bodeasa River is a tributary of the Bașeu River in Romania.
 The Șușara River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 The Río de las Vegas is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Lake Wingra is a small lake located inside the city limits of the U.S. city of Madison Wisconsin.The smallest of the five major lakes drained by the Yahara River in Dane County Lake Wingra is bordered by the University of Wisconsin–Madison Arboretum on the south and west and the City of Madison on the remaining shoreline. The lake is considered an important fishery and is known for spring runs of large muskellunge.
 Sierra del Mugrón is a 16.6 km (10 mi) long mountain range located between the Valle de Cofrentes (Valencian: Vall de Cofrents) comarca Valencian Community and Almansa Castile-La Mancha Spain. It is an isolated range between the Iberian System and the Cordillera Prebética. Its highest point is 1209 m.
 Lake Shinji (宍道湖 Shinji-ko) is a lake in the northeast area of the Shimane Prefecture in Japan. The lake is the seventh largest in Japan with a circumference of 48 kilometres (30 mi). It is enclosed by the Shimane Peninsula to the north and the Izumo and Matsue plains to the west and east respectively.
 Oos also called Oosbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Yulton Lake situated 4 km east of Cay Volcano and 15 km east of Maca Volcano is a volcano-dammed lake in Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region Chile.
 The Hudson Highlands are mountains on both sides of the Hudson River in the U.S. state of New York between Newburgh Bay and Haverstraw Bay which form the northern region of the New York - New Jersey Highlands. The Hudson River enters this region in the south at Dunderberg Mountain near Stony Point and from the north in the vicinity of Breakneck Ridge and Storm King Mountain near Cornwall New York.
 Assawompset Pond is a reservoir/pond within the towns of Lakeville and Middleboro in southeastern Massachusetts. It shares its waters with Long Pond and openly-connected with Pocksha Pond. These lakes provides a source of drinking water to the city of New Bedford the largest city in southeastern Massachusetts. At almost four square miles it is the largest natural lake in Massachusetts.
 Dezzo is a river of Lombardy and is the main river of Val di Scalve. Dezzo starts its course in the mountain of Schilpario at 1800 metres (5900 ft) above sea level then continues to the river Oglio. Dezzo's mouth is close to the village of Boario Terme.
 The Milea River or Mila River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Cnoc Coinnich is a Graham situated on the Ardgoil Peninsula in the Argyll & Bute council region and forms part of the Arrochar Alps. A Graham is the term used to define a Scottish mountain between 611 and 761 metres (2000 and 2499 feet) in height.At 761 metres (2496 feet) Cnoc Coinnich misses out on being classed as a Corbett by a solitary metre.
 The Andronic River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Berner Au is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 Pico da Neblina (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈpiku dɐ neˈblĩnɐ] Mist Peak) is the highest mountain in Brazil 2994 metres (9823 ft) above sea level in the Serra da Neblina Serra do Imeri a section of the Guiana Highlands on the Brazil–Venezuela border.
 The Sierra de Huétor is a mountain range of the Baetic System in Granada Province Andalusia Spain.The range is located to the northeast of Granada city. The altitude of the summits ranges between 1100 metres (3600 ft) and almost 1700 metres (5600 ft) displaying a variety of different climates and habitats.
 The Königstein is a 189 m high hill in the northern Harz Foreland in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt. It is also known as the Kamelfelsen (Camel Rocks) due to its unusually shaped sandstone rock formation.
 Fall River is an 11.0-mile-long (17.7 km) tributary of Clear Creek in Clear Creek County Colorado. It flows from a source just south of Parry Peak to a confluence with Clear Creek west of Idaho Springs.
 Vårbyfjärden (Swedish for inlet of Vårby) is a strait in south-eastern Lake Mälaren south-west of Stockholm in Sweden.Vårbyfjärden separates Ekerö island and Ekerö Municipality north of it from Södertälje and Huddinge Municipalities south of it and Stockholm Municipality on its western side. South of Vårbyfjärden is Albysjön
 Hagenbach (Hassel) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Poiana River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 Kerenzerberg Pass (el. 743 m.) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Glarus in Switzerland.It connects Mollis and Mühlehorn above the Walensee.The pass road was built in 1848 and has a maximum grade of 10 percent. Two tunnels have been dug under the pass a road tunnel for the A-3 Autobahn and a rail tunnel for the Ziegelbrücke to Sargans railway line.The area is known for both summer and winter sport.
 The Valea Feții River is a tributary of the Râul Repede river in Romania.
 The Varnița River is a tributary of the Lozna River in Romania.
 Oigon Lake (Mongolian: Ойгон нуур) is a lake in Zavkhan in north-western Mongolia.Mongolian prime minister and reborn lama Jalkhanz Khutagt Sodnomyn Damdinbazar was born there in 1874.
 Mount Omoto (於茂登岳 Omoto-dake) is a mountain located on Ishigaki Island in Okinawa Japan. Together with Kabira Bay it is a nationally-designated Place of Scenic Beauty.
 Lake Tytyl (Ozero Tytyl) is a lake of Bilibinsky District Chukotka Autonomous Okrug Russia.
 Pawqarqucha (Quechua pawqar multi-coloured qucha lake lagoon multi-coloured lake hispanicized spelling Paucarcocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Yauyos Province Tanta District. It is situated at a height of about 4222 metres (13852 ft) about 6.5 km long and 0.87 km at its widest point. Pawqarqucha lies south of the Paryaqaqa mountain range between the lake P'itiqucha in the northwest and the lakes Pisququcha and Ch'uspiqucha in the southeast.
 The Retevoi River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania
 Lake Merritt is a large tidal lagoon in the center of Oakland California just east of Downtown. It is surrounded by parkland and city neighborhoods. It is historically significant as the United States' first official wildlife refuge designated in 1870 and has been listed on the National Register of Historic Places since 1966.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 The Valea Satului River or Coții River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Renfrew Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation generally above 8000 feet (2400 m). Renfrew Glacier is on the northwest slopes of Middle Sister an extinct stratovolcano.
 Wielka Sowa (Great Owl German: Hohe Eule) with a height of 1014.8 metres (3329 ft) is the highest peak of the Owl Mountains a range of the Central Sudetes. The mountain is located in Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 The Tocuyo River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into the Caribbean Sea.
 Gogosan is a mountain in Gangwon-do South Korea. Its area extends across the counties of Yeongwol and Jeongseon. Gogosan has an elevation of 853.6 m (2801 ft).
 The Șipotu River is a tributary of the Moieciul Rece River in Romania.
 The Eel River (Cahto: Taanchow) is a major river about 196 miles (315 km) long of northwestern California in the United States. The river and its tributaries form the third largest watershed entirely in California draining a rugged area of 3684 square miles (9540 km2) in five counties. The river flows generally northward through the Coast Ranges west of the Sacramento Valley emptying into the Pacific Ocean about 10 miles (16 km) downstream from Fortuna and just south of Humboldt Bay.
 Słoneczny Potok is a river of Poland a tributary of the Krzekna.
 Upper Two Medicine Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is just east of the Continental Divide in the Two Medicine region of Glacier National Park. Upper Two Medicine Lake is in a cirque and surrounded by a number of peaks including Lone Walker Mountain Mount Helen and Pumpelly Pillar. Upper Two Medicine Lake is a 5 miles (8.0 km) hike from the Two Medicine Store.
 Mount Wood (sometimes referred to as Wood Peak) is the seventh highest mountain in Canada and is located in Kluane National Park and Reserve.
 The Toa is a river located in the Guantánamo Province of Cuba which flows across the country. This river is 131 kilometers long and has 72 tributaries. The Toa river is well known for its crystal clear waters.
 Benarty Hill rises above and to the west of Ballingry in the west of Fife Scotland. It is a prominent feature of the view from the M90 motorway and from Kinross and Loch Leven. The lower slopes are steep on all sides but the extensive heath around the summit is relatively flat.Although access from the north is obstructed by an RSPB sanctuary the summit is easily accessible from its south side where tracks and paths lead through the forest and up onto the summit heath.
 The Tinayguk River is a 44-mile (71 km) tributary of the North Fork Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Heading in the Endicott Mountains of the Brooks Range the river flows generally west then south to meet the larger river about 80 miles (130 km) north of Bettles.In 1980 the entire river was designated wild and added to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System.
 The Simila River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 Köttelbeck is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Deer River (Mississippi River) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Big Sandy River is a 60-mile-long (97 km) tributary of the Tennessee River in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Via the Tennessee and Ohio rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed. The Big Sandy rises about 5 miles (8 km) northwest of Lexington in the same vicinity as two other important rivers of West Tennessee the Beech River and the Middle Fork of the Forked Deer River.From near its source downstream much of the Big Sandy River has been channelized.
 Nungesser Lake is a lake in northwestern Ontario Canada. It is a wilderness lake in Kenora District about 30 kilometres northeast of the town of Red Lake.
 The Vršič Pass (pronounced [vəɾˈʃitʃ]; Slovene: Prelaz Vršič Italian: Passo della Moistrocca German: Werschetzpass) (el. 1611 m) is a high mountain pass across the Julian Alps in northwestern Slovenia.The road across the pass was built for military purposes to supply the Isonzo front of World War I. Opened in late 1915 it was originally named after Archduke Eugen of Austria-Hungary.
 The Blind Sucker River is a 10.8-mile-long (17.4 km) river in northwestern Luce County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Lake Superior.
 Obrien Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Cahaboncito River is a river of Guatemala.
 The North Fork New River is a river in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It rises in Northern Watauga County and flows northeast to Ashe County where it joins with the South Fork New River to form the New River.
 Hinterburgsee (or Hinterburgseeli) is a lake in the Canton of Berne Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.05 km². Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Karambar Lake (also known as Qurumbar Lake) is a high altitude lake located between Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Gilgit–Baltistan in Pakistan. It is the 31st highest lake in the world and 2nd highest in Pakistan at a height of 14121 feet (4304 m) and one of the highest biologically active lakes on earth.
 The Racotiașu River is a tributary of the Homorodul Mare River in Romania.
 Gosenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Stump Lake is a lake in the Nicola Country region of the South-Central Interior of British Columbia Canada located northeast from and of a smaller size to Nicola Lake at approximately 11 km long. Stump Lake is the location of the community of Stump Lake and is important in local native history as one of the original settlement sites of the alliance of Okanagan and Nlaka'pamux people today known as the Nicola people.
 The East Malling Stream known locally as The Stream rises at Well Street East Malling Kent and flows in a generally easterly direction to join the River Medway at Mill Hall Aylesford. It powered six watermills. The stream may have formerly been known as the Bradbourne Bradbourne Lane in Ditton bearing witness to this name.
 Lago di Tenno is a lake at Tenno in Trentino Italy. At an elevation of 550 m its surface area is 2.5 km².
 The Farinha River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Valea Albă River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 The Sibișel River or Nucșoru River or Nucșoara River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Stânişoara and Pietrele
 The Pârâul Varului is a tributary of the Pârâul Bradului in Romania.
 The Bistrița River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Râul Ceplea is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 The Domald River or Domolău River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Goribong is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1248 metres.
 Lac du Verney is an artificial reservoir in the department of Isère in the Rhône-Alpes of France. It serves as the lower reservoir for the Grand'Maison Dam pumped-storage scheme.Neighbouring lakeside communities include Oz and Allemond.Since 2006 it has hosted the opening swim of the Alpe d'Huez Triathlon
 Pyramidenkogel is an 851-metre (2792 ft) high mountain in Carinthia Austria. It is located to the south of the Wörthersee and near the town of Maria Wörth in an area that is a boundary between speakers of German and Slovenian. In nearby Slovenia the mountain is known as Jedvovca. The mountain has been a tourist attraction since at least the late 19th century. The view from its top is mentioned in Karl Baedeker's 1879 The Eastern Alps.
 Jablanik (Serbian Cyrillic: Јабланик) is a mountain in western Serbia near the town of Valjevo. Its highest peak Jablanik has an elevation of 1275 meters above sea level.Jablanik is located at the source of the river Jablanica. It is separated from nearby Medvednik mountain by high pass Stolica while the Debelo brdo saddle separates it from Povlen in the southeast. The highest peak has the same name as the mountain itself - Jablanik and is 1275 m high.
 Bedok Reservoir (Chinese: 勿洛蓄水池; pinyin: Wùluò Xùshuǐchí) is a reservoir in the eastern part of Singapore to the north of Bedok New Town. The reservoir has a surface area of 880000 m² and a capacity of 12.8 million m³. The mean depth of the reservoir is 9 m with a maximum depth of 18.2 m. The shoreline length is 4.3 km.
 Yngaren is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Lake Vesan: the lake system Vesan in Sölvesborg was from the beginning not a lake but a strait up until the early 1920s. In the area between Ryssberget and Listerlandet water from Hanöbukten flowed in and in effect cut of Listerlandet from the rest of the mainland. The sound was open to sail through up until the 18th century but increased growth of reeds made the opening too narrow.
 Lake Lyndon is a small lake in the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island. It is located near Porters Pass on State Highway 73 after Springfield heading into the Southern Alps. The lake regularly freezes in winter due to its elevation and location on the outer border of the Southern Alps. Native plants present in the lake include Isoetes native Pondweeds native Milfoils Charophyte species and Charophyte meadow.
 Davisson is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon from the Earth. This crater lies across the eastern rim of the huge walled plain Leibnitz and the rim and outer rampart intrudes into the interior floor of Leibnitz. To the east-northeast of Davisson is the walled plain Oppenheimer a formation only somewhat smaller than Leibnitz.The rim of Davisson has been somewhat eroded from impacts but it retains some detail from its original formation.
 The Mancu River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania. The upper reach upstream of the junction with the Măncuţa is also known as Sulița River
 The Holod River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania. The upper reach of the river upstream of the village of Luncasprie is known as the Vida River.The Vida dam is located on this river.
 St. Vrain Creek (often known locally as the St. Vrain River) is a tributary of the South Platte River approximately 32.2 miles (51.8 km) long in north central Colorado in the United States. It drains part of the foothills north of Boulder and the Colorado Piedmont area in the vicinity of Longmont.The creek is formed by the confluence of North and South St. Vrain creeks at Lyons. The creek rises in several branches in the foothills of the Front Range northwest of Boulder. Middle St.
 Santa Isabel is a shield volcano located in Tolima Department Colombia southwest of Nevado del Ruiz volcano.
 The Clear Range is a small mountain range located in the angle of the Fraser and Thompson Rivers in south-central British Columbia. It has a small subdivision just northeast of that confluence named the Scarped Range. The Clear Range totals 16270 km² (6280 mi²) and is 75 km (47 mi) north to south and 35 km (22 mi) east to west (at its widest point).
 For other places sharing the name 'Pass of the cross' please see Col de la Croix (disambiguation)Col de la Croix-Haute (el. 1179 m.) is a high mountain pass in the French Dauphiné Alps on the border of the Isère and Drôme departments linking the towns of Clelles and Mens in the North with Lus-la-Croix-Haute in the South.
 Upper Norton Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Smoky Mountains in Sawtooth National Forest. It is most easily accessed from trial 135 from the end of forest road 170. The lake is located northeast of Prairie Creek Peak. It is also near Smoky Lake Big Lost Lake Little Lost Lake and Lower Norton Lake.
 The Silvestru River is a tributary of the Horăița River in Romania.
 The Cottonwood Mountains range is found in Death Valley National Park in Inyo County California U.S.The range lies just to the northwest of the Panamint Mountains at the top of Death Valley and run in a north-south direction.Tin Mountain at the northern end of the range reaches an elevation of 2729 meters. At the southern end of the range is Towne Pass at 1511 meters. The Last Chance Range are to the east.
 Bear Canyon Lake is a lake built by Arizona Game and Fish Department for angler recreation. The facilities are maintained by Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest division of the USDA Forest Service.
 The Cixerri is an Italian river in southern Sardinia province of Cagliari. It springs from Monte Croccoriga at 313 m above sea level in the province of Carbonia-Iglesias. The river flows into a lake north of Iglesias and then exist the lake and flows eastward. The river is joined by a tributary north of Villamassargia and south of Musei before entering the province of Cagliari. The river flows past Siliqua and is joined by another tributary from the south.
 The Warren River is a tidal extension of the Palmer River in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately 6.5 km (4 mi). There are no dams along the river's length.
 Pizzo Cramalina is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Vergeletto in the canton of Ticino. It lies on the chain between the valleys of Vergeletto and Maggia.
 Rossett Pike is a fell in the English Lake District. It is located at the head of Mickleden one of two tributary valleys of Great Langdale.
 Mount Pisgah is a mountain in Westmore Vermont. It is located on the east side of Lake Willoughby. It is part of the Northeastern Highlands of Vermont.It is located on the east side of Lake Willoughby and constitutes the east side of Willoughby Notch (Willoughby Gap). There are hiking trails.The cliffs contain alpine plants protected because no trails lead to or through them.
 Dosolbong is a mountain of Jeollanam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1123 metres.
 Veľký Rozsutec (1609.7 m; 5281.17 ft AMSL) is a mountain situated in the Malá Fatra mountain range in the Žilina Region Slovakia. The peak is situated in the north part of Malá Fatra called Krivánska Malá Fatra and is part of the Malá Fatra National Park and Rozsutec National Nature Reserve (since 1967).Veľký Rozsutec and the surrounding area are home to many endangered species of plants and animals some of which are endemic as well as rare karst terrain.
 The Haferberg is a hill 580.4 m above sea level in the Kaufungen Forest in Hesse and Lower Saxony in Germany.
 Secchi Crater is a crater in the Hellas quadrangle of Mars located at 58.3° south latitude and 258.1° west longitude. it is 234 km in diameter and was named after Angelo Secchi an Italian astronomer (1818–1878).
 The Ping River (Thai: แม่น้ำปิง RTGS: Maenam Ping IPA: [mɛ̂ːnáːm piŋ]) along with the Nan River is one of the two main contributaries of Chao Phraya River. It originates at Doi Thuai Daen Lao Range in Chiang Dao district Chiang Mai Province. After passing Chiang Mai town it flows though the provinces Lamphun Tak and Kamphaeng Phet. At the confluence with the Nan River at Nakhon Sawan (also named Paknam Pho in Thai) it forms the Chao Phraya River.
 The Chamberlain River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Durack range near Yulumbu. The river flows in a northerly direction along the range until it merges with the Pentecost River near El Questro Station.The traditional owners of the area are the Kitja peoples.The river was named in 1901 by the surveyor Frederick Brockman.
 The Totem Pole is a pillar or rock spire found in Monument Valley. It is a highly eroded remains of a butte.
 Massaemett Mountain is a mountain in Shelburne Massachusetts USA. It is located east of the village of Shelburne Falls.The summit features a historic rock fire tower. Though the top cab is locked the stairway is open to the public as an observation tower and features multiple view points of western Massachusetts southwestern New Hampshire and southern Vermont.The High Ledges Wildlife Sanctuary is located on the northern portion of the mountain.
 Wolf Lake is an 804-acre (325.4 ha) lake that straddles the Hammond Indiana / Chicago Illinois border. It is smaller than it was prior to settlement by people of European descent because of infilling for development around the edges.
 Gos (Fils) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Großer Sonnblick or Malteiner Sonnblick a mountain with a height of 3030 m AA is a peak in the Ankogel Group of the Hohe Tauern range in Austria. It is the easternmost peak of the Alps that exceeds a height of 3000 metres (9800 ft).
 The Galloway hills are part of the Southern Uplands of Scotland and form the northern boundary of western Galloway. They lie within the bounds of Galloway Forest Park an area of some 300 square miles (800 km2) of largely uninhabited wild land managed by the Forestry Commission. The unusual place names reflect a mixture of the Old Norse and Scottish Gaelic languages and hint at the range of influences which have acted on society within the area over the centuries.
 The Mamiku River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 The Nooksack River is a river in the northwest part of the U.S. state of Washington. It drains an area of the Cascade Range around Mount Baker near the Canadian border. The lower river flows through a fertile agricultural area before emptying into Bellingham Bay and via the Strait of Juan de Fuca and the Strait of Georgia the Pacific Ocean. The river begins in three main forks the North Fork Middle Fork and South Fork. The North Fork is sometimes considered the main river.
 The Orbeni River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Altevatnet (Northern Sami: Álddesjávri) is Norway’s 11th largest lake at 79.71 square kilometres (30.78 sq mi). The lake is approximately 38 kilometres (24 mi) long and about 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) wide. It is located in the municipality of Bardu in Troms county. It is also the largest lake in Troms county. The lake is regulated by a dam on the northwestern end of the lake.
 Loch Mealt is an inland fresh-water loch lying close to Ellishadder south of Staffin on the eastern side of the Trotternish peninsula in the Isle of Skye in the Scottish Highlands.
 The Mija Mică River is a tributary of the Jieţ in Romania.
 Jizera Mountains (Czech: Jizerské hory) or Izera Mountains (Polish: Góry Izerskie; German: Isergebirge) are part of the Western Sudetes on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland. The range got its name from the Jizera River which rises at the southern base of the Smrk massif.
 Tarso Toh is a volcanic field located in Chad north of Tarso Toussidé volcano. It fills valleys and plains over an area of 80 km in east-west direction and 20–30 km in north-south direction. It contains 150 scoria cones and two maars.
 Mera Peak is a mountain in the Mahalangur section Barun sub-section of the Himalaya and administratively in Nepal's Sagarmatha Zone Solukhumbu District. At 6476 metres (21247 ft) it is classified as a trekking peak.
 Mount Murchison is a mountain (3501 meters above sea level) in Victoria Land Antarctica. Sources differ as to whether Murchison is the highest peak of the Mountaineer Range; or the second highest if Mount Supernal is considered part of the range.
 The Cassarate is a river of the Swiss canton of Ticino. It rises in the upper part of the Val Colla on the slopes of Monte Gazzirola and the San Lucio Pass.
 Rosewood River a perennial river of the Bellinger River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Søndre Sekken is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Pârâul Rece is a tributary of the Bistriţa in Romania.
 This article describes the Pigeon River which flows from western North Carolina into East Tennessee. See also Pigeon River disambiguation page.The Pigeon River of western North Carolina and east Tennessee rises above Canton North Carolina is impounded by Walters Dam enters Tennessee and flows into the French Broad River just past Newport Tennessee.The river takes its name from the passenger pigeon an extinct bird whose migration route once included the river valley in North Carolina.
 The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Florei River in Romania.
 Stockbach is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Solfatara is a shallow volcanic crater at Pozzuoli near Naples part of the Campi Flegrei volcanic area. It is a dormant volcano which still emits jets of steam with sulfurous fumes. The name comes from the Latin Sulpha terra land of sulfur or sulfur earth. It was formed around 4000 years ago and last erupted in 1198 with what was probably a phreatic eruption - an explosive steam-driven eruption caused when groundwater interacts with magma.
 Dagger Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Dagger Lake is accessible via the Twisp Pass Trail and the lake is 7.6 mi (12.2 km) from the North Cascades Highway or 4.7 mi (7.6 km) from the Twisp River Road trailhead in Wenatchee National Forest.
 The Răcăjdianu River is a headwater of the Beu River in Romania.
 Vicar Water is a small river in Nottinghamshire England. It is a tributary of the River Maun and runs through an area which was once the royal hunting ground of Clipstone Park. It gained its present name in the early nineteenth century and was dammed in 1870 in order to make a trout fishery which was used to stock the lakes at nearby Welbeck Abbey. Since the cessation of coal mining much of it has been incorporated into a country park and is a designated Local Nature Reserve.
 Mount Doody (8640 feet (2633 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Femunden (or just Femund) is Norway's third largest lake and the second largest natural lake in Norway. It is located close to the border with Sweden in the municipalities of Os and Engerdal in Hedmark county and Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county. Femundsmarka National Park borders the northeastern part of the lake. The 204-square-kilometre (79 sq mi) lake holds about 6 cubic kilometres (1.4 cu mi) of water and reaches a maximum depth of 130 metres (430 ft).
 The Río Limones is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Lake Sylbicë (Albanian: Liqeni i Sylbicës) is a large mountain lake in the Prokletije in the north of Albaniawith an area almost of 3 hectaresand is only 1 km (0.62 mi) from the border with Kosovo. This lake is surrounded with meadows and is just east of the somewhat larger Lake Dash.
 The Preto River (Maranhão) is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Alngey (Russian: Алнгей) is a stratovolcano in central Kamchatka. The volcano is located to the east of the shield volcano Tekletunup and to the west of the crest of the northern Sredinny Range.
 Mount Cordeaux is a mountain near Brisbane Australia. It lies to the immediate north of Cunninghams Gap in the Main Range National Park. It is known to the Aboriginal People as Niamboyoo and rises 1135 m.A series of graded trails leads to a lookout just below the summit. From the summit other Scenic Rim peaks can be seen as can the Fassifern Valley below and the Mistake Range to the north east.
 The Strâmbișoara River is a tributary of the Strâmba River in Romania.
 The Tschenglser Hochwand (Italian: Croda di Cengles) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Barito is a 890 km long river located in South Kalimantan Indonesia. It originates in the Muller Mountain Range from where it flows southward into the Java Sea.
 The Gila Mountains (Yuma County) is a 26-mile (42 km) long mountain range in southwestern Arizona in the northwest Sonoran Desert.The Gila Mountains of Yuma County are a northwest-southeast trending mountain system about 26 miles long; the fault-blocked mountain range is attached on the south to the Tinajas Altas Mountains which continue southeast into Sonora Mexico for another 30 miles.
 Mokowanis Lake is in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana .80 miles (1.29 km) north of Margaret Lake and just northwest of Pyramid Peak. Glenns Lake lies less than .50 miles (0.80 km) north of Mokowanis Lake.
 Kimsa Chata (Aymara and Quechua kimsa three Pukina chata mountain three mountains hispanicized spelling Quimsa Chata) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia about 4780 m (15682 ft) high. It is located in the Oruro Department Sabaya Province Sabaya Municipality Negrillos Canton east of Mount Lliscaya near the border with Chile.
 Molacima is a mountain of the Serra del Montsià range Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 748 metres above sea level.The Mola cima with its triangular profile looks like the highest peak from many angles around Ulldecona along the Autopista AP-7 between Barcelona and Valencia. The true highest summit of the range is however the less conspicuous La Torreta.
 The Soveja River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Higravstinden or Higravstindan is the tallest mountain on the island of Austvågøya in the Lofoten archipelago. It is located on the border of the municipalities of Hadsel and Vågan in Nordland county Norway. The village of Laupstad and the European route E10 highway are located about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) west of the mountain and the village of Liland is located about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) southwest of the mountain. There is a glacier located on the east side of the mountain.
 Lake Kozhozero (Russian: Кожозеро) is a freshwater lake located in the south of Onezhsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is one of the biggest lakes in Arkhangelsk Oblast and biggest one in Onezhsky District. The area of the lake is 97.4 square kilometres (37.6 sq mi) and the area of its basin is 2560 square kilometres (990 sq mi). Lake Kozhozero is the source of Kozha River which is a left tributary of the Onega River and thus belongs to the White Sea basin.
 Gardiners Creek originally known as Kooyongkoot Creek is a waterway in the eastern suburbs of Melbourne and part of the Yarra River catchment. In a few sparse locations remnant riparian bushland survives however the majority of its length has been heavily urbanised and the creek has been degraded in much the same way as other Melbourne eastern suburban waterways such as the Mullum Mullum Creek and Koonung Creek. The Gardiners Creek Trail follows the creek for most of its length.
 Eagle Pass (el. 7464 ft/2275 m) is a high mountain pass in Lake County Montana in the United States.It is called nšt̓ew̓s sx̣ʷcusi in Salish or Standing in Middle because a pillar of rock stands in the middle of the pass.
 The Little River is a river of Grenada.
 Cucharas Pass is a 9938 ft (3029 m) elevation mountain pass in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains in south central Colorado in the United States.At the top the pass is signed as Cuchara Pass and the elevation on the sign there reads 9995 ft. State Highway 12 traverses the pass. Highway 12 is also signed as the Highway of Legends Scenic Byway one of Colorado's Scenic and Historic Byways.
 Selker Noor is a lake in Schleswig Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 0 m its surface area is 0.558 km².
 Upper Bead Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake or the Goat Creek drainage.Upper Bead Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. There is one large boulder that forms the lakes only island. Upper Bead Lake is upstream of Lower Bead Lake.
 Anděl is a lunar crater that lies in the rugged central highlands of the Moon. Nearby craters of note include Abulfeda to the south-southeast and Descartes to the east-southeast. About 85 kilometres to the east-northeast of the outer rim is the landing site of the Apollo 16 mission.The eroded outer rim of Anděl has been worn and distorted into a polygonal shape and is nearly non-existent to the south where Anděl G intersects the perimeter.
 Lamé is a lunar impact crater located astride the northeast rim of the crater Langrenus to the east of Mare Fecunditatis. The eastern crater rim appears overlaid by a series of overlapping craters that form an intermittent chain flowing nearly a hundred kilometers to the south. The crater rim protrudes only slightly above the surrounding terrain but it has a significant rampart where the rim lies within Vendelinus.
 Little Lake Hamilton has a surface area of 367-acre (1490000 m2). Little Lake Hamilton is bordered by Haines City Florida on its north side and is almost bordered by the town of Lake Hamilton Florida on its south side. This lake is in places bordered by residences and in other places is bordered by woods and pastureland. It is east of Middle Lake Hamilton and is ironically much larger than that lake.Little Lake Hamilton has no public access along its shores.
 The Right Fork Little Kanawha River is a tributary of the Little Kanawha River 14.1 miles (22.7 km) long in central West Virginia in the United States.
 The Kusilvak Mountains is a mountain range of the Yukon Delta in Wade Hampton Census Area Alaska. They are adjacent to Nunavakanuk Lake. At their highest point they reach 2241 ft (683 m) and span over 5 miles across.The mountains were called Ingieguk on Russian maps probably from the Eskimo language name for mountain.
 Flinton Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Hastings and Lennox and Addington Counties in Ontario Canada.
 Walbke is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Pauini River (Unini River) is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Unini River.
 Sheep Mountain (11239 feet (3426 m)) is located in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Sheep Mountain forms a 5-mile (8.0 km) long ridge in the Gros Ventre Range and is easily seen from Jackson Hole. The town of Jackson Wyoming is 13 miles (21 km) southwest of the peak. The southern end of Sheep Mountain is above the tree line and consists of rocky cliffs that are referred to as the Sleeping Indian due to their appearance as viewed from Jackson Hole.
 Baníkov (Polish: Banówka) is a mountain in the Western Tatras mountain range Slovakia. It reaches a height of 2178 meters being the highest point of the main ridge of Western Tatras.The name of the mountain refers to iron ore mining activities from the 18th century. There were attempts to find iron ore under the mountain slopes but ended with no success. Baník means miner in Slovak language.
 The Kiskiminetas River (called the Kiski for short) is a tributary of the Allegheny River approximately 27 miles (43 km) long in Western Pennsylvania in the United States. The region surrounding the Kiskiminetas is often referred to as the Alle-Kiski Valley after the rivers.
 Kénogami Lake (French: Lac Kénogami) is a long lake in the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean region of south-central Quebec Canada. It is 21 miles long and has an average width of 3/4 of a mile. Its area is 57 km² and it is 11 to 102 meters deep.
 The Issyk Lake (Kazakh: Есік көлі) is a lake in Kazakhstan fed by the Issyk River. It should not be confused with the Issyk-Kul Lake in the neighboring Kyrgyzstan. The lake is mostly famous for the way it was created (as a result of an ancient natural landslide damming a valley) destroyed (another natural landslide destroying that dam in 1963 with a subsequent flood damaging the city of Esik) and re-created (with human help).
 The Quinn River once known as the Queen River is an intermittent river approximately 110 miles (180 km) long in the desert of northwestern Nevada in the United States. It drains an enclosed basin inside the larger Great Basin.It rises in northeastern Humboldt County on the west side of the Santa Rosa Range just south of the Oregon state line.
 The Tura River (Russian: Тура́) also known as Dolgaya River (Long River Russian: Долгая) is a historically important Siberian river which flows eastward from the central Ural Mountains into the Tobol River a part of the Ob River basin. The main town is Tyumen. From about 1600 to 1750 the Tura River was the main entry point into Siberia. Most people and goods entering or leaving passed through the customs house at Verkhoturye.
 Dajia River (Chinese: 大甲溪; pinyin: Dàjiǎ Xī; literally big shell river; DT: Dāi-gâ ke) is a river in north-central Taiwan. It flows through Taichung City for 124 km.The sources of the Dajia are: Hsuehshan and Nanhu Mountain in the Central Mountain Range.
 The Supan River or Sopan River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Ben Macdui (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn Mac Duibh) is the second highest mountain in the United Kingdom after Ben Nevis and the highest in the Cairngorms. After the defeat of Domnall mac Uilliam in 1187 Donnchad II Earl of Fife acquired Strathavon territory stretching from Ballindalloch to Ben Macdui; because the mountain marked the western boundary of Donnchad's territory historian and place-name scholar Professor G. W. S.
 The River Terrig (Welsh: Afon Terrig) is a small river in north-east Wales.The river rises at Llyn Cyfynwy near Graianrhyd village in the community of Llanarmon-yn-Ial Denbighshire about three miles from the source of the River Alyn. It then flows northwards and eastwards forming the boundary between the old parishes of Nercwys and Treuddyn.
 Wachwaqucha (Quechua wachwa Andean Goose qucha lake lagoon Andean Goose lake hispanicized spelling Huachuguacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Huarochiri Province Carampoma District. It lies northwest of the mountains Millpu and Wachwa (Huachhua).
 The Pârâul Cailor is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 Parqu Qucha (Quechua parquy irrigation qucha lake irrigation lake hispanicized spellings Parco Cocha Parco Khocha Parcococha Parkho Khocha Parko Q'ocha) is a Bolivian lake located in Vacas Municipality Arani Province Cochabamba Department.The most important rivers which flow into Parqu Qucha are Challwa Mayu Jatun Calada Jatun Mayu Kañara Parqu Qucha Pedregal River Wasa K'uchu. Its surface area is 10.7 km2 (4.1 sq mi).
 The Saint Francis River is a river of Grenada.
 The Serranía de las Quinchas is an 860 km2 area of tropical rainforest and cloud forest in Colombia. It lies in the mid Magdalena River Valley in the foothills of the Cordillera Oriental of the Colombian Andes. It ranges in altitude from 200 m (660 ft) to 1700 m (5600 ft). It is listed as an Important Bird Area under criteria A1 and A2 as it holds populations of globally threatened and restricted range species.
 Lake Georgetown is a reservoir on the north fork of the San Gabriel River in central Texas in the United States. Lake Georgetown is a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers reservoir formed on the San Gabriel by the North San Gabriel Dam which is located about three miles west of Georgetown Texas. The dam lake and all adjacent property are managed by the Fort Worth District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
 Grijalva River formerly known as Tabasco River. (Spanish: Río Grijalva known locally also as Río Chiapa and Mezcalapa river) is a 480 km long river in southeastern Mexico. It is named after Juan de Grijalva who visited the area in 1518. The river rises in Chiapas highlands and flows from Chiapas to the state of Tabasco through the Sumidero Canyon into the Bay of Campeche.
 The Lees River or Lee's River shown on federal maps as the Lee River is a 2.9-mile-long (4.7 km) tidal river that forms part of the boundary between Swansea and Somerset Massachusetts. It flows south to drain into Mount Hope Bay.The first documented local shipyard was established on the river between 1707 and 1712 by Samuel Lee. Today the river is designated as a Class A outstanding resource water.
 The Valea Vinului River is a tributary of the Taița River in Romania.
 The Pârâul lui Mihai ( Hungarian: Mihálypataka Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈmihaːjpɒtɒkɒ] ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name means Michael's creek both in Hungarian and Romanian.
 The Saco River is a river in northeastern New Hampshire and southwestern Maine in the United States. It drains a rural area of 1703 square miles (4410 km2) of forests and farmlands west and southwest of Portland emptying into the Atlantic Ocean at Saco Bay 136 miles (219 km) from its source.
 Sanya Bay (simplified Chinese: 三亚湾; traditional Chinese: 三亞灣; pinyin: Sānyà Wān) is one of the five major bays in Sanya Hainan Province China. It has a 22 km beach. The climate is warm and sunny all year around.The man-made resort Phoenix Island is currently under construction in the bay.
 The Saluda River is a principal tributary of the Congaree River about 200 mi (320 km) long in northern and western South Carolina in the United States. Via the Congaree River it is part of the watershed of the Santee River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Kuparuk River is a river in Alaska's North Slope that enters a bay on the Beaufort Sea between Beechey Point and Prudhoe Bay. The north-flowing river is about 200 miles (320 km) long and its delta is about 3 miles (5 km) wide. Its Eskimo name appeared on a map drawn in 1901 by a prospector who spelled it Koopowra which he translated as Big River (possibly Kugauraq).Kuparuk Mound a 30-foot (9.1 m) pingo about 12 miles (19 km) southeast of Beechey Point is named after the river.
 The Gurglbach originates on the mount Heiterwand near Nassereith from a height of approximately 2.630 m. It flows from west to east to Tarrenz village the only village the Gurgl passes completely through. There it changes its route and flows south to Imst where it merges with the Inn river 4 km away from the town. It has a length of approximately 25 km.
 The Los Angeles Aqueduct system comprising the Los Angeles Aqueduct (Owens Valley aqueduct) and the Second Los Angeles Aqueduct is a water conveyance system built and operated by the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power. The Owens Valley aqueduct was designed and built by the city's water department at the time named The Bureau of Los Angeles Aqueduct under the supervision of the department's Chief Engineer William Mulholland.
 Kenko is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 99 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Kenko is named for the Japanese author Yoshida Kenkō who lived from 1283 to 1352.
 Lake Moomaw is a lake in western Virginia. It is formed by the Gathright Dam on the Jackson River. The lake is named for Benjamin Moomaw a local businessman who was a promoter of the dam project. Outlet from the lake can be released from nine portals at various depths in order to control downstream water temperature and flow rates.
 Ch'illkayuq (Quechua ch'illka baccharis -yuq a suffix to indicate possession the one that has got baccharis or the one with baccharis hispanicized spelling Chilcayoc) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 3347 metres (10981 ft) high. It is situated in the Valley of the Volcanoes in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province Andagua District. Ch'illkayuq lies west of the Chachas Lake and north of the volcano Hich'apita.
 Mount Arrowsmith is the largest mountain on southern Vancouver Island. Its dominant rock is basalt. The mountain is contained within a UNESCO Biosphere Reserve and as of September 18 2009 is designated part of 1300 hectare Mt. Arrowsmith Regional Park.
 The North Fork of the Humboldt River is an approximately 70 miles (110 km) long tributary of the Humboldt River in northern Elko County Nevada. It has its origins on the north slopes of McAfee Peak in the Independence Mountains of northeastern Nevada. It quickly exits the mountains and turns southward for approximately 25 miles (40 km) joining its waters with numerous other streams.
 Fitches Creek is a stream and neighbourhood of Antigua and Barbuda. It is located on the island of Antigua.Named for the family name Fitch ( English surname) whom may have originally owed the surrounding land.The surrounding area is now a nice neighborhood in the parish of St George's. Fitches Creek is known for being one of the affluent coastal communities on the island along with Crosbies and Hodges Bay.[edit]
 The Ceibas River (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈseiβas]) is a river of Colombia. It drains into the Caribbean Sea via the Magdalena River.
 The Whetstone Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern Arizona. Major ranges in the region are part of sky island ranges called the Madrean Sky Islands. Part of the Coronado National Forest the range is one of the least accessible areas.
 Lake Buluan is a lake located in the island of Mindanao Philippines. With an estimated surface area of 61.34 square kilometers it is the third largest lake in Mindanao after Lake Lanao and Lake Mainit. It has an average elevation of 4.5 meters.The lake is sandwiched between the provinces of Maguindanao and Sultan Kudarat.
 Krasheninnikov (Russian: Крашенинников) is two overlapping stratovolcanoes inside a large caldera located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It is named after explorer Stepan Krasheninnikov.
 The Titimoiu River is a tributary of the Harţag River in Romania.
 Tidbinbilla River a perennial stream that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Australian Capital Territory Australia.
 Mount Bosavi is a mountain in the Southern Highlands province Papua New Guinea. It is the collapsed cone of an extinct volcano on the Great Papuan Plateau part of the Kikori River basin. The crater is approximately 4 km wide and 1 km deep; it is home to a number of endemic species.Part of the mountain is included in the Sulamesi Wildlife Management Area established in 2006.
 Cima Viola is a mountain of Lombardy Italy.
 Consinka Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island is an expansion of Consinka Creek east of San Mateo Bay.
 Irrsee is a lake in the Salzkammergut Austria located at 47°54′44″N 13°18′25″E. Its surface is approximately 3.5 km² and its maximum depth is 32 metres. It is a popular tourist destination also thanks to the warmest water temperature of all lakes in Salzkammergut.
 The Iracema River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Pizzo Tre Signori is a mountain in the Bergamo Alps with an elevation of 2554 metres (8379 ft).
 The Alexander Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert near Death Valley in northern San Bernardino County California.
 Kirch is a small lunar impact crater in the eastern part of the Mare Imbrium a large lunar mare in the northwest quadrant of the Moon. This is a relatively solitary formation with the nearest comparable crater being Piazzi Smyth to the northeast. Notable features in the vicinity are the Montes Spitzbergen mountains to the south and the solitary peak Mons Piton to the east-northeast. Kirch is circular and bowl-shaped with a dark interior having the same albedo as the surrounding terrain.
 The Bergamasque Alps and Prealps (Alpi e Prealpi Bergamasche in Italian) are a mountain range in the southern part of the Alps. They are located in Lombardy in the northern part of Italy.
 Chamor Hill is a hill located in São Mamede de Este Braga Portugal.On the top of the hill there is a monument to the Sacred Heart erected in 1957 with 20 meters high. The marble statue of Christ holds on the right hand the Chalice and the left hand is pointing to his hearth.
 Norfolk Creek is a tributary of the Yellow River in Iowa. 8.9 miles (14.3 km) in length it rises just to the west of the city of Waukon in Union Prairie and Ludlow townships. It joins the Yellow River in Jefferson Township. It courses through entirely rural countryside much of it forested. The original name of this creek was North Fork of the Yellow River. North Fork was later corrupted in usage to Norfolk.
 The river Najerilla is a tributary of the river Ebro Spain's most voluminous river. The Najerilla rises in the province of Burgos and then flows through La Rioja.
 DeQueen Lake is a small reservoir along the Rolling Fork River in Sevier County Arkansas. It is 4 miles (6 km) from DeQueen Arkansas.
 The Elz is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany a right tributary of the Rhine. It rises in the Black Forest near the source of the Breg. The Elz flows through Elzach Waldkirch and Emmendingen before reaching the Rhine near Lahr. Its length is approx. 90 km (56 mi).The lower reaches of the Elz are by-passed by the Leopold Canal a flood relief canal.
 Sääksjärvi is a lake in Kokemäki Satakunta western Finland east from the town of Pori. The lake is notable because it overlies an impact crater.The crater is 5 kilometres (3 mi) in diameter and is completely buried under the lake and is not visible at the surface. The age of the impact structure is estimated to be about 543 ± 12 Ma (million years ago) at the boundary between the Ediacaran and Cambrian periods.
 Bichhar pass (el. 14870 ft.) is a high mountain pass at the boundary of the Ghizer and Gilgit districts in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. To the north of the pass is Bichhari village in the Naltar valley in Gilgit district. To the south of the pass is the village Sherqila on the Gilgit river in the Ghizer district.
 Osterbach (Eder) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lac d'Aude is a lake in Pyrénées-Orientales France. At an elevation of 2136 m its surface area is 0.03 km².
 The Valea Grecului River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Bull Lake is a lake in Algoma District Ontario Canada. It is about 510 metres (1673 ft) long and 310 metres (1017 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 303 metres (994 ft).
 Roofensee is a lake in Oberhavel Brandenburg Germany. It has a surface area of 0.56 km².
 The Pârâul Izvor is a tributary of the Sâmbăta River in Romania.
 Wayrakancha (Quechua wayra wind kancha enclosure enclosed place yard a frame or wall that encloses hispanicized spelling Huayracancha) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5300 metres (17388 ft) high. It is situated in the Junín Region Yauli Province Yauli District and in the Lima Region Huarochiri Province Chicla District. Wayrakancha lies northwest of the lake Pumaqucha.
 Phnom Aural is the tallest peak in Cambodia. It is 1813 meters tall (other sources give elevations between 1771 and 1667 meters). It is in the eastern part of the Cardamom Mountains. To protect the biodiversity of the mountains Phnom Aural Wildlife Sanctuary was established.This mountain in located in Aoral District Kampong Speu Province.
 Dreibrüderhöhe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Valea lui Nan River is a tributary of the Sbârcioara River in Romania.
 The Kiwi River is a river of New Zealand's South Island. One of the headwaters of the Hope River it flows generally northwest from its source within Lake Sumner Forest Park four kilometres north of Lake Sumner.There are numerous other smaller watercourses in New Zealand called Kiwi stream or Kiwi creek.
 Afon Porth-llwyd is a river in Snowdonia in north-west Wales. It flows from Llyn Eigiau on the south-eastern edge of the Carneddau range to join the river Conwy.Its waters are trapped at Coedty reservoir before flowing down to pass under Pont Newydd in Dolgarrog. From Coedty reservoir some water is also diverted to Dolgarrog Power station (along with water from Llyn Cowlyd via large black pipes.
 The Berza River is a small tributary of the Danube in Călăraşi County Romania. It flows into Lake Gălăţui
 The Windawski Canal (Lithuanian: Ventos–Dubysos kanalas; Russian: Виндавский канал Vindavsky channel) is an abandoned canal connecting the Dubysa River near Bazilionai Šiauliai district to the Venta River near Tolučiai Šaukėnų Kelmė District of Lithuania.The canal was designed and built in the early 19th century as part of canal system to connect the Vistula River at the center of the Kingdom of Poland with the Baltic seaport of Ventspils.
 Étang de Cazaux et de Sanguinet is a lake in Gironde Landes France. At an elevation of 12 m its surface area is 55 km².Étang de Cazaux et de Sanguinet is a tourist attraction and features an array of nautical sports.
 Dans Mountain is located in Allegany County Maryland USA between Georges Creek and the North Branch Potomac River. The highest point on Dans Mountain is called Dan's Rock which has an elevation of 2895 feet (882 m). The mountain rises 2200 feet (670 m) above the town of LaVale and the summit is the highest point in Allegany County. Although there are higher points in Maryland Dans Mountain has the most impressive escarpment of Maryland's mountains.
 Shuleykin is a small lunar impact crater that lies to the south of Mare Orientale within the ring-shaped Montes Rook. It is located just on the far side of the Moon but this area can be viewed from the Earth during periods of favorable libration and lighting although it can only be seen from the edge.This crater was formed following the Orientale impact event and so is younger. It has a circular sharp-edged rim and inner walls that slope down to the small interior floor.
 Payee Lake (Urdu: پاے جھیل ‎) is situated in centre of meadow in Payee near Shogran in Kaghan Valley Pakistan. It is located at the height of almost 9500 feet (2895 meters).It is surrounded by Makra Peak Malka Parbat Moosa da Musalla and the mountains of Kashmir. The lake is accessible via Kiwai passing through Shogran by a jeep track.
 Sinbulsan is a mountain in South Korea. It extends over the cities of Ulsan and Yangsan in Gyeongsangnam-do. Sinbulsan has an elevation of 1209 m (3967 ft).
 The Taboco River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Myron is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 31 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Myron is named for the ancient Greek sculptor Myron who lived from 480 to 440 BCE.
 The Casimcea River is a river in Romania tributary of the Black Sea Lake Taşaul.
 Rangmati River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Rampar. Its basin has a maximum length of 50 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 518 km2.
 The Little Willis River is a 15.5-mile-long (24.9 km) tributary of the Willis River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is part of the James River watershed. It rises in Buckingham County and flows east into Cumberland County joining the Willis River 9 miles (14 km) north of Farmville.
 The Valea Călimachi is a tributary of the Valea Castanului River in Romania.
 Cabrutica River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Elsach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Little Blue Peak is highest point on Little Blue Ridge in the Northern Coast Ranges of California. Despite its relatively low elevation the officially unnamed summit located on boundary between Yolo and Lake counties is the highest point in Yolo County. However Little Blue Peak didn't always have that distinction since Berryessa Peak 3057 feet (932 m) was considered to be the Yolo County highpoint until 1991.
 Seanggangga River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Little Pigeon River is a 6.0-mile-long (9.7 km) stream in Cheboygan County in the U.S. state of Michigan.The stream rises in Koehler Township at 45°23′13″N 84°29′56″W out of a marshy area fed by Kimberly Creek approximately one mile north of the community of Afton. The stream flows mostly north and west into Mullett Lake at Pigeon River Bay at 45°26′29″N 84°33′21″W which is nearly the same mouth as that of the Pigeon River.
 Mont Caro (Catalan pronunciation: [muŋ ˈkaɾu] locally: [moŋ ˈkaɾo]) or Caro is the highest mountain of the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1447 metres above sea level. There are two large antennas and a Virgin Mary shrine on top of the summit.This mountain is often covered with snow in the winter.
 The Călineasa River is a headwater of the Bătrâna River in Romania.
 The Greenwood River (Stony River) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Pichoy River is a river of Chile.
 The Chaiserstock (also spelled Kaiserstock) (2515 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Schwyz and Uri. It lies on the range between Muotathal and Unterschächen east of Lake Lucerne.
 The Tule River also called Rio de San Pedro or Rio San Pedro is a river in Tulare County in the U.S. state of California. The river originates in the Sierra Nevada east of Porterville and consists of three forks North Middle and South. The North Fork and Middle Fork meet above Springville. The South Fork meets the others at Lake Success. Downstream of Success Dam the river flows west through Porterville.
 Pigeon Peak elevation 13978 ft (4260 m) is a summit in the Needle Mountains a subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the southwestern part of the US State of Colorado. It rises dramatically on the east side of the Animas River 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of the fourteener Mount Eolus. It is located in the Weminuche Wilderness part of the San Juan National Forest. Pigeon Peak is notable both for its absolute height and for its local relief.
 Dyleň (German: Tillenberg) is a mountain in the Karlovy Vary Region of western Bohemia located roughly 100 metres (330 ft) from the Czech Republic–Germany border.
 The Șapte Fântâni River is a tributary of the Ivan River in Romania.
 Tarlo River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands and Southern Highlands regions of New South Wales Australia.
 Le Chasseron is a mountain in the Jura Mountains overlooking Sainte-Croix in the canton of Vaud Switzerland. It has an elevation of 1607 metres above sea level.
 The Tenmile River is an 8.6-mile-long (13.8 km) river in the towns of Hiram and Brownfield in western Maine in the United States. It is a tributary of the Saco River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean.
 Kuntur Sinqa (Quechua kuntur condor sinqa nose condor nose hispanicized spellings Condor Sencca Condor-Sencca Condor Senja) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Ayacucho Region Huanta Province Luricocha District. Kuntur Sinqa lies on the right bank of the Mantaro River east of San Miguel de Mayocc and southwest of San José de Secce.On August 16 1945 a considerable landslide occurred on the northwest slope of Kuntur Sinqa. It dammed Mantaro River for about 73 days.
 The Hanciu Mare River is a tributary of the Tișița Mare River in Romania.
 The Canoas River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Coma Pedrosa (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈkomə pəˈðɾozə] locally: [ˈkoma peˈðɾoza]) (2943 m or 9656 ft) is the highest mountain in the principality of Andorra. It is popular with mountain climbers its ascent being technically straightforward although strenuous. Several mountain lakes and tarns are found on the slopes notably Estanys de Baiau which lies on the western slopes across the Spanish border.The nearest town is Arinsal La Massana.
 The Onon (Mongolian: Онон гол Russian: Оно́н) is a river in Mongolia and Russia of length 818 km and watershed 94010 km². It originates at the eastern slope of the Khentii Mountains. For 298 km it flows within Mongolia. Its confluence with Ingoda River produces Shilka River.The flow Onon—Shilka—Amur produces one of the world's ten longest rivers (818 km + 560 km + 2874 km).
 Beech Fork Lake is a 720 acre (2.9 km²) reservoir located near Lavalette in Wayne County West Virginia. Beech Fork Lake is also partly located in neighboring Cabell County. Millers Fork and Stowers Branch join Beech Fork with their own river valleys contributing to the majority of the lakesurface of Beech Fork Lake.
 The Scărișoara River is a tributary of the Dealu River in Romania.
 Pizzo Magn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Biasca in the canton of Ticino. It is located west of the Mottone di Cava.
 The Târsa River is a tributary of the Buzăiel River in Romania.
 Payachata or Paya Chata (Aymara pä paya two Pukina chata mountain two mountains) is a north-south trending complex of potentially active volcanos on the border of Bolivia and Chile directly north of Chungará Lake. The complex contains two peaks Pomerape to the north and Parinacota to the south.
 Eddie Crater is a crater in the Elysium quadrangle of Mars at 12.3° north latitude and 217.9° west longitude. It is 89 km in diameter and was named after Lindsay Eddie a South African astronomer (1845–1913).
 The Babilônia River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Hohe Warte (Fichtelgebirge) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Crook Glacier is located in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation between 8700 and 8000 feet (2700 and 2400 m) nestled within a cirque to the immediate south of Broken Top an extinct stratovolcano.
 Eliot Glacier is a glacier on the northeastern slopes of Mount Hood in the U.S state of Oregon. Researchers have reported that Eliot Glacier covered an area of 395 acres (160 ha) in 2004 but had retreated 680 metres (2230 ft) since 1901 though that decline was less than all but one other glacier on Mount Hood. The glacier's situation on a northeast slope its higher altitude accumulation zone close to the summit of Mount Hood and its high level of talus debris may explain its slower retreat.
 Mount Fiske Glacier is a small glacier located in the Sierra Nevada Range within Kings Canyon National Park in the U.S. state of California. The glacier is on the north slope of Mount Fiske (13503 ft (4116 m)) and .70 mi (1.13 km) northwest of Mount Warlow Glacier.
 The Tincova River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania
 McLoughlin Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located on the southeastern corner of the Queen Maud Gulf off Nunavut's mainland.The bay was photographed by Vilhjalmur Stefansson during his Arctic expeditions.
 The Río Madre Vieja is a river in southwest Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range on the border of the departments El Quiché Sololá and Chimaltenango. It flows southwards through the coastal lowlands of Suchitepéquez and Escuintla to the Pacific Ocean.The Madre Vieja river basin covers a territory of 1007 km2.
 Caper Peak (8268 feet (2520 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 The Kawakawa River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows predominantly east its estuary forming part of the Veronica Channel at the southern end of the Bay of Islands.
 Dry Creek is a tributary 54 miles (87 km) long of Crooked Creek in the U.S. state of Oregon. The creek which is intermittent begins in the desert near Five Points in Malheur County. It joins Crooked Creek east of Burns Junction and about 7 miles (11 km) south of the larger stream's confluence with the Owyhee River.
 Mount Biederbick is the highest mountain of the Conger Range on Ellesmere Island Nunavut Canada. It lies in Quttinirpaaq National Park.
 The Columbia Glacier a glacier in Prince William Sound on the south coast of the U.S. state of Alaska is one of the fastest moving glaciers in the world and has been retreating since the early 1980s. It was named after Columbia University one of several glaciers in the area named for elite U.S. colleges by the Harriman Alaska Expedition in 1899.The Alaska Marine Highway vessel M/V Columbia is named after the Columbia Glacier.
 The Royston Hills are a mountain range in Nye County Nevada.
 Salado Creek originally Arroyo Salado Grande (Big Salt Creek) is a tributary of the San Joaquin River draining eastern slopes of part of the Diablo Range within the Central Valley of California USA. The Creek ends before it reaches the San Joaquin River north of Patterson in Stanislaus County.
 The Ostola is a 25 km long stream (torrente) of Piedmont in north-western Italy. It's a left side tributary of the Cervo which flows through the Province of Biella.
 The Itaúnas River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Calabazas Creek is a 5.5-mile-long (8.9 km) stream in the Sonoma Valley California USA that rises in the southern Mayacamas Mountains and empties into Sonoma Creek near Glen Ellen.
 The Bumbuești River is a tributary of the Râul Sec in Romania.
 The Caño de Santiago is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Vermelho River (Iguazu River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 van't Hoff is a lunar crater that is located to the northeast of the walled plain Birkhoff on the far side of the Moon. To the northwest is the crater Stebbins and to the east lies the smaller Dyson.This crater lies at high northern latitudes of the lunar surface almost two-thirds the way from the equator to the pole. The outer rim of van't Hoff is heavily eroded and the crater has become distorted in shape by subsequent impacts.
 The Bârna River (Hungarian: Barna-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in eastern Romania. Its name derives from the Hungarian and means “Brown Creek”.
 Laojun Mountain (Chinese: 老君山) is a mountain in the northwest part of Yunnan Province China. It is part of the Laojun Mountain region which includes an area of 1085 square kilometres (419 sq mi) with elevations ranging from 2100 to 4513 metres (6890 to 14806 ft). The region includes four counties: Yulong Jianchuan Lanping and Weixi. The western part of the region adjoins the Lancang River while the eastern part is contiguous with the Jinsha River.
 The Wentworth River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northeast from the Coromandel Range to reach the Bay of Plenty at Whangamata.
 Aspa (Russian: Аспа) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Iren River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 51 km. Main tributaries: Uya River Klyuchyovka River (right) Usekay River (left).
 The Baldface-Royce Range is a range of mountains in western Maine and eastern New Hampshire. They are located in the town of Chatham New Hampshire and the townships of Bean's Purchase New Hampshire and Batchelders Grant Maine in the eastern part of the White Mountains.
 The Izvorul Păltinișului River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 Repsold is a lunar crater that is located at the western end of the Oceanus Procellarum. It lies to the northeast of the crater Galvani and southeast of the walled plain Volta. Due to its proximity to the northwestern limb of the Moon this crater appears highly foreshortened when viewed from the Earth.
 The Aslinget River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Salmon River is a 19.6-mile-long (31.5 km) tributary to the Klamath River in western Siskiyou County California.The river has its origins in the high mountains of the Trinity Alps Russian Mountains and Marble Mountains (all sub-ranges of the larger Klamath Mountains). The Salmon River comprises two forks the North Fork and the South Fork which join at the hamlet of Forks of Salmon California to form the mainstem Salmon River.
 The Șopârleni River is a tributary of the Pruteț River in Romania.
 The Charadros (Greek: Χάραδρος) is a river in the northwest central part of Achaea Greece.
 The Cârligați River is a tributary of the Trebiș River in Romania.
 Rising Wolf Mountain (9513 feet (2900 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana The peak is in the southeastern section of the park and rises dramatically above the Two Medicine region and more than 4450 feet (1360 m) above Two Medicine Lake immediately to the south.
 Schloonsee is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. It belongs to Bansin on Usedom island. At an elevation of 0 m its surface area is 0.14 km².
 Scoresby Sund (English: Scoresby Sound Greenlandic: Kangertittivaq) is an inlet system of the Greenland Sea on the eastern coast of Greenland. It has a tree-like structure with a main body approximately 110 km (68 mi) long that branches into a system of fjords covering an area of about 38000 km2 (14700 sq mi). The longest of these extends 340–350 km in from the coastline. The depth is 400–600 m in the main body but this increases to up to 1450 m (4760 ft) in the fjords.
 The Col de la Cluse is a mountain pass located 1169 m above sea level in the Chartreuse Mountains. It connects the Desert d'Entremont (commune of Entremont-le-Vieux) to Corbel. The main road of the pass is the D45.In winter It is a departure to the cross country ski slopes. In summer it is the start of a two-hour hike to access to Roche Veyrand (1429 m) overlooking Saint-Pierre d'Entremont .
 Shandur Top (el. 12200 feet (3700 m)) located in Gilgit Pakistan. Shandur is often called the 'Roof of the World'. The top is flat a plateau and can be crossed between late April and early November.
 The Niagara River (/naɪˈæɡrə/ ny-AG-ra) is a river that flows north from Lake Erie to Lake Ontario. It forms part of the border between the Province of Ontario in Canada (on the west) and New York State in the United States. There are differing theories as to the origin of the name of the river.
 Brown Cliffs North (13198 ft (4023 m)) is located in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Brown Cliffs North is the 18th tallest peak in Wyoming. The summit is at the northwestern end of a ridge known as Brown Cliffs which are in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest.
 The Osetul River is a tributary of the Moaşa River in Romania.
 The Pucioasa River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
 Gargantua is a limestone cave located on the Andy Good Plateau in British Columbia Canada. As of 2002 it has 6001 m of passages with a depth of 286 m. It contains the largest natural cavern in Canada at 290m long 30m wide and 25m high.In October 2002 a group of caving club students from W. R. Myers High School were trapped in the cave overnight after failing to break through the waterfall exit.
 The River Conwy (Welsh pronunciation: [ˈkɔnʊɨ]; Welsh: Afon Conwy) is a river in north Wales. From its source to its discharge in Conwy Bay it is a little over 27 miles (43 km) long. Conwy was formerly Anglicised as Conway.It rises on the Migneint moor where a number of small streams flow into Llyn Conwy then flows in a generally northern direction being joined by the tributaries of the rivers Machno and Lledr before reaching Betws-y-Coed where it is also joined by the River Llugwy.
 Wannenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The North Fork Arikaree River is a 50.1-mile-long (80.6 km) tributary of the Arikaree River in eastern Colorado. It flows from a source in western Lincoln County to a confluence with the Arikaree River in Washington County.
 Schmale Gera is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Constantiaberg is a large whalebacked mountain that forms part of the mountainous spine of the Cape Peninsula in Table Mountain National Park Cape Town South Africa. It lies about 7 km south of Table Mountain on the southern side of Constantia Nek. The mountain is 927 m high. It is not known who first ascended the peak.Constantiaberg Devil's Peak and Table Mountain are the highest mountains in the range that stretches from Table Mountain all the way to Cape Point.
 The Elko Hills are a mountain range in Elko County in the northeastern section of the state of Nevada in the Great Basin region of the western United States.
 Fletcher Pond (Fletcher Floodwater) is a man-made body of water located in Northeast lower Michigan. The pond covers over 9000 acres (36 km2) of land that was previously cedar forest.
 Mount Sempu in the northern arm of Sulawesi Indonesia contains a 3 km wide of caldera. A maar called Kawah Masem was formed in the southwest of the caldera and contains a crater lake. Sulfur deposits have been extracted from the maar since 1938. Historical records however are unknown from the volcano.
 The Dulce River (in Spanish Río Dulce in Quechua Misky Mayu) is the most important river in the Argentine province of Santiago del Estero.The Dulce River's source is in Tucumán Province under the name of Salí River though it receives tributaries from Salta Province and changes names when reaching Santiago del Estero.
 Lake Mallos (Finnish: Mallos) is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is situated in the municipality of Kangasniemi in the Southern Savonia region in eastern Finland. The lake belongs to the Kymijoki main catchment area.
 The Gufelstock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking Schwanden in the canton of Glarus. The border with the canton of St. Gallen runs on the northern base of the mountain.
 Mount Ulysses is the highest mountain in the Muskwa Ranges of the Northern Canadian Rockies in British Columbia.
 The Valea Mică River is a tributary of the Dipșa River in Romania.
 The Sohodol River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters Pârgavu and Viezurata
 The Crooked River officially designated as a creek is an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary located in the Illawarra region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 The Niesehorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located south of Lauenen and Lenk in the Bernese Oberland. It lies north of the Wildhorn on the chain between the valleys of Saanen and Simmental.
 Silene also spelled Silena or Sylene in Libya is one of the suggested locations for the legend of Saint George and the Dragon.Sylan (Norwegian) Sylarna (Swedish) Bealjehkh (Southern Sami) is a mountain range on the border between Norway and Sweden in the counties Sør-Trøndelag and Jämtland.Central in the area is the mountain ridge starting with Lillsylen in the north passing over the highest point Storsylen (1762 metres or 5781 feet) and further to Storsola (1728 metres or 5669 feet) in the south. 
 The Velika Kapela (pronounced [ʋɛ̂likaː kǎpɛla]; Great Chapel) is a large mountain range in the east of Gorski Kotar Croatia.The highest peak is Bjelolasica-Kula at 1533 m.a.s.l.. It overlooks Velebit Plješivica islands Krk Cres Lošinj and the Kvarner Gulf.Velika Kapela belongs to the Dinaric Alps and it stretches from the Gorski Kotar region in the west to the Mala Kapela and Lika in the east from the Ogulin valley in the north to the Vinodolski coastline in the south.
 Tundradalskyrkja is a mountain consisting of two peaks in Breheimen National Park in southern Norway. The northern and highest summit makes borderpoint between the counties of Oppland and Sogn og Fjordane.
 The Secătura Mică River is a headwater of the Filioara River in Romania.
 Nasa Mountain (Swedish: Nasafjället Norwegian: Nasafjellet Lule Sami: Násávárre) is a 1211-metre (3973 ft) tall mountain that is situated on the border of Sweden and Norway. It is located near Arjeplog in Arjeplog Municipality in western Norrbotten County in Sweden and near Dunderland in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. There is a marker at the summit of the mountain denoting the border between the two countries. The mountain is best known for the Nasa silver mine.
 Pomme de Terre Lake is located in southwest Missouri at the confluence of Lindley Creek and the Pomme de Terre River (for which it is named). The lake is located in southern Hickory and northern Polk counties about 50 miles (80 km) north of Springfield.
 Mount Fure (フレ岳 Fure-dake) is a mountain in the Nasu Volcanic Zone. It is located in Chitose Hokkaidō Japan. The mountain is the source of the Shiribetsu River.
 Barton crater is a 54-km (32-mi) diameter crater on Venus. It is the size at which craters on Venus begin to possess peak-rings instead of a single central peak. The floor of Barton crater is flat and radar-dark indicating possible infilling by lava flows sometime following the impact. Barton's central peak-ring is discontinuous and appears to have been disrupted or separated during or following the cratering process.
 The Nemeși River is a tributary of the Valea Uliului River in Romania
 The Curecanti Needle is a distinct granite rock formation located in the Black Canyon of the Gunnison between Montrose and Gunnison Colorado. A Colorado landmark it rises steeply to a sharp point approximately 700 feet (210 m) above the canyon floor.Until 1882 viewing the remote Needle presented a challenge but the arrival of the Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad mainlines through the canyon significantly improved accessibility.
 Weingartnerfels is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Misa is a 108 kilometers long river in Semigallia Latvia. Its upper course till tributary Zvirgzde river is rectificated. There are active peat extraction and polders at the coasts of river from Stelpe village till Beibeži village. From Zvirgzde river till Plakanciems village there are several summer cottage colonies at the woodland coasts of Misa river.
 The Tiefenstock (3515 m) is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Uri. Its summit is the tripoint between the valleys of the Rhone Glacier (in Valais) the Damma Glacier and the Tiefen Glacier (both in Uri).
 Bob Stratton Bald often referred to as Stratton Bald is a bald in the Unicoi Mountains located in the Joyce Kilmer-Slickrock Wilderness in the Nantahala National Forest. Its elevation is approximately 5360 feet.
 The Lech (Latin: Licus Licca) is a river in Austria and Germany. It is a right tributary of the Danube 264 kilometres (164 mi) in length with a drainage basin of 6600 square kilometres (2550 sq mi).Its source is located in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg where the river rises from lake Formarinsee in the Alps at an altitude of 1870 metres (6120 ft).
 The Blandiana River ( Hungarian: Karna-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Kawagama Lake is located on the northwestern border of Haliburton and Muskoka counties in southern Ontario Canada.
 The Voinicești River is a tributary of the Oltişor River in Romania.
 Seversky Donets (Russian: Северский Донец; Ukrainian: Сіверський Донець; alternatively Siverskyi Donets') is a river on the south of the East European Plain. It originates in the Central Russian Upland north of Belgorod flows south-east through Ukraine (Kharkiv Donetsk and Luhansk Oblasts) and then again through Russia (Rostov Oblast) to join the Don River about 100 km (62 mi) from the Sea of Azov.
 The Ötztal Alps (German: Ötztaler Alpen Italian: Alpi Venoste) are a mountain range in the Central Eastern Alps in the State of Tyrol in southern Austria and the Province of South Tyrol in northern Italy.
 The Casanna is a mountain of the Plessur Alps overlooking Serneus and Klosters in the canton of Graubünden. It lies west of the Gotschnagrat where a cable car station is located.
 Gulf of Patience (Russian: Залив Терпения Zaliv Terpeniya)(Japanese: 多来加湾 Taraika wan) is a large body of water off the southeastern coast of Sakhalin Russia between the main body of Sakhalin Island in the west and Cape Patience in the east.
 Ol Doinyo Lengai Mountain of God in the Maasai language is an active volcano located in the Gregory Rift south of Lake Natron within the Arusha Region of Tanzania Africa. Part of the volcanic system of the East African Rift it uniquely produces natrocarbonatite lava.
 Steinbach (Bühler) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 There is also a moon of Saturn called Pan. Pan is the largest crater on Jupiter's moon Amalthea. It is 100 kilometers across and at least 8 kilometers deep. It is named after Pan the Greek god of shepherds and the countryside.
 The Saison or Uhaitz Handia is a left tributary of the Gave d'Oloron river in the French Basque Country (Pyrénées-Atlantiques) Southwest of France. Its general south to north direction provides the axis for the former French province of Soule. It is also known as the Gave de Mauléon.
 Cromer Ridge is a ridge of old glacial moraines (terminal moraine) that stands next to the coast above Cromer Norfolk England. Cromer Ridge seems to have been the front line of the ice sheet for some time at the last glaciation which is shown by the large size of the feature.
 Crazy Peak is the highest peak in the Crazy Mountains an isolated range of the Montana Rockies in the United States. Crazy Peak dominates the surroundings rising over 7000 feet (2133 m) above the Yellowstone River Valley and is the highest peak in Montana north of the Beartooth Mountains which are 50 miles (80 km) to the south. Crazy Peak is also the most topographically prominent peak in Montana. A small glacier exists on the northeast slope of the mountain.
 Haslochbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Grigna (monte) is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.it:Grigna (monte)
 The Mãe Luzia River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Nakama (仲間川 Nakama-gawa) is a river located on the southeast side of the island of Iriomote one of the Yaeyama Islands of Japan.
 The Odvoș River (Hungarian: Odvos-patak) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Waskhaqucha (Quechua waskha (also waska) rope qucha lake hispanicized spelling Huascacocha) or Wask'aqucha (Quechua wask'a rectangle) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Tarma Province Huasahuasi District. It is situated at a height of about 4138 metres (13576 ft) about 1.28 km long and 0.31 km at its widest point.
 The Eastern Ghats or Pūrva Ghaṭ also known as Mahendra Pravata are a discontinuous range of mountains along India's eastern coast. The Eastern Ghats run from West Bengal state in the north through Odisha and Andhra Pradesh to Tamil Nadu in the south passing some parts of Karnataka. They are eroded and cut through by the four major rivers of peninsular India known as the Godavari Mahanadi Krishna and Kaveri. The mountain ranges run parallel to the Bay of Bengal.
 Palmer Creek is a stream in northwestern Oregon U.S. It is a tributary of the South Yamhill River where it enters adjacent to Dayton. The creek defines part of the Polk and Yamhill county border.Palmer Creek was named after pioneer Joel Palmer; before it was known as Smith Creek. It flows through private agricultural lands and is highly denuded by residual pesticides. It is a perennial stream with an augmented summer flow.
 Kuolimo is a medium-sized lake in south-eastern Finland in the municipalities of Savitaipale and Suomenniemi.Lake Kuolimo is closely linked to Finland's largest lake Saimaa and discharges into it through two separate routes featuring the rapids of Partakoski and Kärnänkoski. The lakes belong to the Vuoksi river basin which drains through Lake Ladoga to the Gulf of Finland.Kuolimo is considered a particularly clean-water lake. It is inhabited by a relict population of the arctic char.
 Baegambong (백암봉) is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1503 metres.
 Österdalälven is a 300 km long river in Sweden that flows southeast through Dalarna. Its sources are Storån Grövlan and Sörälven and the end point is Djurås in the municipality of Gagnef where it connects with Västerdalälven to form Dalälven. Österdalälven flows through the Trängslet dam and Siljan.
 The First Chain Lake is a lake in the Halifax Regional Municipality of Nova Scotia Canada. It is located west of the Halifax Peninsula and east of the Second Chain Lake near the crossing of highways 102 and 103.
 Hatun Ñañu Punta (Quechua hatun (in Bolivia always jatun) big ñañu thin (cylindrical objects) slim Ancash Quechua punta first before in front of Spanish punta tip point hispanicized spellings Jatunñano Punta Jatunñaño Punta) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5812 metres (19068 ft) high. It is situated in the Cusco Region Canchis Province Pitumarca District and in the Quispicanchi Province Marcapata District.
 The Pilões River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Rockelmann is a mountain in the Ore Mountains in Saxony southeastern Germany. It is south-southwest of Schwarzenberg. It formerly had two granite quarries one of which was converted into an open-air theatre in the 1920s the other into a Nazi arena (Thingplatz) in the 1930s and is also the site of a memorial to soldiers killed in World War I; all three are within Rockelmann Park which was laid out in the 1930s.
 The Doon River is a river in the Southland Region of New Zealand. It arises near Mount Donald and flows south-east into the south-west arm of Lake Te Anau.The river was explored by Quintin McPherson McKinnon and G. Tucker in 1887.In 2002 the rainfall at Doon River was 8719 mm the highest in that year of any area in New Zealand with a regularly reporting rain gauge.
 Banjosa Lake (Urdu: بنجوسہ جھیل ‎) is an artificial lake and a tourist resort 20 kilometers (12 mi) from the city of Rawalakot in District Poonch of Azad Kashmir Pakistan. It is located at an altitude of 1981 meters (6499 ft). The lake is surrounded by densely pine forest and mountains which make its very charming and romantic.
 The Isenachweiher in the Palatinate Forest (Rhineland-Palatinate) is a reservoir on the River Isenach a left tributary of the Rhine. Such reservoirs are called woogs in this region.
 The Trinity River (Alibamu: Pahnichoba ) is a 710-mile (1140 km) long river that is the longest river that flows entirely within the U.S. state of Texas. It rises in extreme north Texas a few miles south of the Red River. The headwaters are separated by the high bluffs on the south side of the Red River.Robert Cavelier de La Salle in 1687 called the stream the River of Canoes.
 The Cachoeirinha River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Legges Tor is a mountain in the Ben Lomond National Park in Tasmania Australia. It is the second highest mountain in Tasmania. It is a major feature of the national park and is a popular venue with bushwalkers and mountain climbers.
 The Helm (Italian: Monte Elmo; German: Helm) is a mountain in the Puster Valley in South Tyrol Italy.
 Lac des Mille Lacs is a lake in the western part of Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario Canada. It is in the Nelson River drainage basin and is the source of the Seine River. The lake lies between Ontario Highway 17 on the north and Ontario Highway 11 on the south about 100 kilometres (62 mi) west of the city of Thunder Bay.Lac des Mille Lacs has an area of 245.1 square kilometres (94.6 sq mi) and a drainage basin of 1774.55 square kilometres (685.16 sq mi).
 Desolation Peak is in the North Cascade Mountains of Washington state about 6.2 miles (10.0 km) south of the Canadian border and in the Ross Lake National Recreation Area. It was first climbed in 1926 by Lage Wernstedt who named it for the destruction caused by a forest fire that swept the slopes bare that same year. At the summit stands a small wooden one room fire lookout belonging to the National Park Service.
 The Guarani River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Suha River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania
 Lepaute is a small lunar crater that is located along the western edge of the Palus Epidemiarum a minor lunar mare in the southwestern part of the Moon's near side. To the east is the larger crater Ramsden within a system of rilles named the Rimae Ramsden. This is an elongated crater feature that is longer in the north–south direction. The outer rim is only slightly worn and the inner walls are simple slopes that run down to the level featureless interior floor.
 Les Agites (el. 1569 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.It connects Yvorne and La Lécherette.The south side of the pass road lies in the Rhone valley. It passes through Corbeyrier and a 300-metre tunnel before reaching the summit.The north side is substantially flatter passing on the south shore of the Lac de l'Hongrin. This part of the road is open to private motorized vehicles only in summer.
 The Bârnova River is a tributary of the Nicolina River in eastern Romania.
 The Pukshenga (Russian: Пукшеньга) is a river in Kholmogorsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Northern Dvina River. It is 121 kilometres (75 mi) long and the area of its basin 2330 square kilometres (900 sq mi).
 The Cayures River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Soum de Ramond also known as Pico de Añisclo in Spanish or as Pico de Añisclo in Aragonese is a mountain of 3263 metres in the Monte Perdido massif in the Aragonese Pyrenees in northern Spain. It is one of the three mountains comprising Las Tres Sorores the others being Monte Perdido (3355 m) and Cilindro de Marboré (3328 m).The mountain lies between the Ordesa Valley the Añisclo Canyon and the Pineta Valley inside the Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park.
 Monte Tabor (Recanati) is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 Mont Gelé (3023 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking Verbier in the Swiss canton of Valais. Located on the range north of Mont Fort its summit is the tripoint between the municipalities (and valleys) of Bagnes Riddes and Nendaz. It is one of the two mountains named Mont Gelé in the valley of Bagnes the other being located on the Italian border.In winter Mont-Gelé summit can be reached from Verbier (or Siviez / Nendaz) through aerial cable-car (upper station: 3002 m).
 Haba Xueshan (Chinese: 哈巴雪山; pinyin: Hābā Xǔeshān; literally Haba Snow Mountain) is a mountain rising above the northwest side of Tiger Leaping Gorge in Yunnan China. It rises opposite the higher Yulong Xueshan and towers 3500 metres above the river.
 The Saint Johns River is a river of Grenada.
 The Clough River is a river in Northern England.The river rises at Grisedale in south-eastern Cumbria where a group of smaller streams draining Grisedale Pike converge as Grisedale Beck.
 Strupbreen is a glacier located in the municipality of Lyngen in Troms county Norway. The 8.7-square-kilometre (3.4 sq mi) glacier is located in the Lyngen Alps about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north of the village of Lyngseidet. Historically the glacier has at times reached all the way down to the Lyngenfjorden. Today the end of the glacier lies about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) from the shoreline with a small stream of water flowing from the glacier to the fjord.
 Zahara-El Gastor Reservoir is a reservoir in Zahara de la Sierra and El Gastor province of Cádiz Andalusia Spain.
 Hutton Crater is a crater in the Mare Australe quadrangle of Mars located at 71.8° south latitude and 255.4° west longitude. It is 99 km in diameter and was named after James Hutton a British geologist (1726-1797). Many areas of Mars show patterned ground. Sometimes the ground has the shape of polygons. In other places the surface has low mounds arranged in chains. Patterned ground is common in cold climates on Earth when the soil contains water that is often frozen.
 The Bahna River or Buznea River is a tributary of the Ciunca River in Romania.
 Engelbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Monte Gorzano is the highest peak in the Monti della Laga in northern Lazio central Italy. It has an elevation of 2458 metres (8064 ft) and is also the highest peak of Lazio. It is located on the boundary with the province of Teramo in the Abruzzo region.
 Torch Lake is approximately 2700 acres (11 km²) lying mostly within Torch Lake Township and having portions within Osceola Township and Schoolcraft Township. The lake is fed by the Traprock River.The village of Lake Linden at the north end of the lake was once the site of the largest copper milling operation in North America. About 200 million tons of copper mill stamp sands were dumped into Torch Lake itself filling about 20 percent of the lake's volume. The U.S.
 Hauptmann is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 120 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Hauptmann is named for the German playwright Gerhart Hauptmann who lived from 1862 to 1946.
 The Selwyn River / Waikirikiri flows through the Selwyn District of Canterbury in the South Island of New Zealand.
 The Covașnița River or Cvașnița River is a tributary of the Ruscova River in Romania.
 Kushi (Persian: کشى‎ Balochi also Urdu Pashto Kurdi and Hindi Devanagari: کشى happiness or marriage) is a mountain near Shaki Ram about 23 km from Qalat(Persian: قلات‎) Kalat Pakistan Balochistan. The two mountains are removed by a unifying about 5 km. It seems that the two mountains belong together and is a mountain ridge. The mountain is located below the Durand Line between Afghanistan and India (now Pakistan) in the field of Baloch people.
 Big Yirkie Lake is a small lake in eastern Ontario Canada. It can be found off of Highway 28 between Bancroft and Denbigh. The shape of the lake is triangular and long. Although it is a small lake it has two islands and it is bigger than its counterpart Little Yirkie Lake. People fish in the lake for Pike Bass Pickerel and Perch.
 The South-Moravian Carpathians (Czech: Jihomoravské Karpaty) also called Austrian - South-Moravian Carpathians (German: Österreichisch-Südmährische Karpaten) are a mountain range of the Outer Western Carpathians along the border of the Czech Republic and Austria.Geologically this range forms the southwestern outskirts of the Western Carpathians separated from the Central Moravian Carpathians in the northeast by lower foothills and the Thaya Valley at Přítluky.
 The Lupșa River is a tributary of the Săvăstreni River in Romania.
 The Aiguilles de la Penaz (2688 m) is a mountain in the Beaufortain Massif in Haute-Savoie France.
 Buckner Mountain (sometimes called Mount Buckner) is a tall peak in the North Cascades of Washington state and in the Stephen Mather Wilderness of North Cascades National Park. At 9114 feet (2778 m) in elevation it is the highest in Skagit County and one of about ten of Washington's non-volcanic peaks above 9000 feet high. It is ranked as the 14th highest peak in the state and the third highest peak in North Cascades National Park.
 Jangsan is a mountain between the city of Taebaek and the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1408 m (4619 ft).
 The Florișoru River or Florișor River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 The Seleuș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Platoshinka (Russian: Платошинка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Babka River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 12 km.
 Amphitheatre Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island north of Circlet Lake on Forbidden Plateau Strathcona Provincial Park.
 Springerville volcanic field is a monogenetic volcanic field located in east-central Arizona USA. The field consists of 405 discrete vents covering approximately 3000 square kilometers (1200 sq mi) and is the third-largest such field in the continental United States only the San Francisco volcanic field and Medicine Lake volcanic field are larger.
 The Valea Viezurilor River is a tributary of the Borod River in Romania
 Yeonseoksan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 925 metres.
 The Middle Branch Pleasant River is a tributary of the Piscataquis River in Piscataquis County Maine. From the outflow of Middle Branch Pond (45°29′27″N 69°05′26″W) in Maine Township 5 Range 9 WELS the river runs 11.4 miles (18.3 km) southeast to its confluence with the East Branch in Brownville. The East Branch runs about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) further south joining with the West Branch to form the main stem of the Pleasant River.
 Kemijärvi (Swedish: Kemi träsk) is a lake in the town of Kemijärvi Northern Finland.
 Lac d'Alfeld is a lake in Haut-Rhin France. At an elevation of 620 m its surface area is 0.1 km².
 The Gorova River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Nernst is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon just beyond the northwestern limb. It lies across the northern part of the larger walled plain Lorentz and intrudes slightly into the northwestern rim of the crater Röntgen.The rim of Nernst is relatively well-defined although several smaller impacts lies across the edge. The satellite crater Nernst T has broken through the western rim edge. Smaller craters also lie aling the rim to the southwest and south-southeast.
 The Drăguș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Lakes of Killarney are a renowned scenic attraction located near Killarney County Kerry in Ireland. They consist of three lakes - Lough Leane Muckross Lake (also called Middle Lake) and Upper Lake.Lough Leane (from Irish Loch Léin meaning lake of learning) is the largest of the three lakes. The River Laune drains Lough Leane to the north-west towards Killorglin and into Dingle Bay.The lakes lie in a mountain-ringed valley starting in the Black Valley.
 Louville is a lunar crater that is located on the western edge of the Sinus Roris a bay in the northern part of the Oceanus Procellarum. It lies to the northwest of the crater Mairan on a triangular section of continental terrain to the west of Sinus Iridum and the Mare Imbrium.This crater formation has been heavily eroded by impacts to the point where the surface is somewhat difficult to distinguish from the surrounding rugged terrain to the east.
 The Cocorova River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 The Ronga River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. Although its source is on a ridge only three kilometres from the island's north coast the river flows south reaching the Rai River close to the township of Rai Valley.
 The Medeș River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Cockscomb Mountain was named in 1921 because the outline of the summit was said to resemble a roosters comb. It is located in the Sawback Range in Alberta.
 Lassen Peak also known as Mount Lassen is the southernmost active volcano in the Cascade Range. It is part of the Cascade Volcanic Arc which is an arc that stretches from southwestern British Columbia to northern California.
 Vanadzor River ArmeniaVanadzor (Armenian: Վանաձոր) is a river in Vanadzor Lori province Northern Armenia and a tributary of the Pambak river.
 Baekhwasan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 233 metres.
 The Râul Stâncilor is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 Lake Muhazi (Kinyarwanda: Ikiyaga cya Muhazi) is a long thin shallow lake in the east of Rwanda. The bulk of the lake lies in the Eastern Province with the western end forming the border between the Northern and Kigali Provinces. It is a flooded valley lake lying predominantly in an east to west direction but with numerous offshoots in a north to south direction formerly the location of tributaries.
 The Kofa Mountains is the central mountain range comprising the Kofa National Wildlife Refuge about 60 miles northeast of Yuma Arizona in the southwestern part of the state. The equally extensive Castle Dome Mountains comprise the southern refuge border; the western end of the Tank Mountains are in the southeast of the wildlife refuge and the New Water Wilderness in the New Water Mountains ends the extension of the Kofa National Wildlife Refuge to the north.
 Tamborine Mountain is a 28 square kilometres (11 sq mi) plateau (8 km long by 4 km wide) in the Scenic Rim Gold Coast Hinterland south-east Queensland Australia. The name is of Aboriginal origin and has nothing to do with the musical instrument.
 Federsee is a lake located just north of Bad Buchau in the region of Upper Swabia in Southern Germany. It is surrounded by moorland partially overgrown with reeds. With a size of 33 km² (8155 acres) the area is one of the largest groundwater fed connected moorlands in Southern Germany. At its deepest point Lake Federsee has a depth of 2 metres (6.5 feet). Federsee translates to 'feather lake' and its shape resembles that of a feather.
 Charity Creek a northern tributary of the Parramatta River is a creek west of Sydney Harbour located in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It joins Parramatta River at Meadowbank Park Meadowbank.
 MacLeod Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mount Chittenden el. 10088 feet (3075 m) is a mountain peak in the Absaroka Range in Yellowstone National Park. The peak was named by Henry Gannett of the Hayden Geological Survey of 1878 for George B. Chittenden. Chittenden was a Geological Survey member who had worked with Gannett Hayden and others in surveys in Montana Idaho and Wyoming. Chittenden never participated in any of the Yellowstone surveys.Mount Chittenden was not named for Major Hiram M. Chittenden the U.S.
 The Valea Tatălui River is a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania.
 Villard Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation between 9000 and 8000 feet (2700 and 2400 m). It is on the northeast slopes of North Sister an extinct shield volcano.
 Fir Creek is a tributary about 5 miles (8 km) long of the Bull Run River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of the system that provides drinking water to the city of Portland it flows generally northwest through a protected part of the Mount Hood National Forest in Clackamas and Multnomah counties. It joins the Bull Run River at the upper end of Bull Run Reservoir 1 about 14 miles (23 km) from the larger stream's confluence with the Sandy River.
 Alpkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Deep Creek Mountains officially the Deep Creek Range are a mountain range in the Great Basin located in extreme western Tooele County and Juab County Utah in the western United States.The range trends north-south (with a curl to the west at the southern end 16% of range in White Pine County Nevada) and is composed of granite in its central highest portion. The valley to the east is Snake Valley and to the west is Deep Creek Valley.
 The Maria Preta River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Bento Gomes River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Prospectors Mountain (11241 feet (3426 m)) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Prospectors Mountain rises to the south above Rimrock Lake and Death Canyon.
 The Pâncești River is a tributary of the Gârboveta River in Romania.
 Canales Reservoir is a reservoir in Güéjar Sierra province of Granada Andalusia Spain.
 The Kahurangi River is a short river in the northwest of New Zealand's South Island. It flows through the northwest iof the Kahurangi National Park reaching the Tasman Sea just to the south of Kahurangi Point.
 Engeren is a lake in the municipalities of Trysil and Engerdal in Hedmark county Norway.
 Trebnitz is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Pah Rah Range is a mountain range located in western Nevada in Washoe County just to the northeast of Reno. It is a hook shaped range with the main eastern portion oriented northwest-southeast approximately 20 miles (32 km) long. The northwest flowing Cottonwood Creek in Warm Springs Valley is bounded on three sides by the range. To the south and east the Truckee River forms the boundary and Pyramid Lake is at the northeast. Spanish Springs Valley north of Reno forms the southwest margin.
 The Macabu River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Gos river (German: Gos) is a 3.8 km long river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.Drainage system — Fils→Neckar→Rhine.
 Lord Mayor Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in the west of the Gulf of Boothia.The bay is roughly diamond-shaped. To the north-east the bay opens into the Gulf of Boothia; the Astronomical Society Islands lie in the bay's mouth. The Nunavut mainland surrounds the rest of the bay; to the north-west is the Boothia Peninsula.
 The Polcura River is a river of Chile.
 Monte Burney is an ice-capped stratovolcano located 200 km northwest of the city of Punta Arenas and south of the Cordillera Sarmiento on the Peninsula Muñoz Gamero in the Chilean Patagonia.The mountain was named Mount Burney in honor of James Burney.
 Cordillera Central (English: Central Mountains range) is the main mountain range in Puerto Rico. The range crosses the island from west to east and divides the island into northern and southern coastal plains. Cordillera Central runs eastward from Maricao in the west to Aibonito in the central eastern Puerto Rico region and on to the outskirts of the Sierra de Cayey. Sierra de Cayey is an extension of Cordillera Central that begins in the town of Cayey and runs eastwardly to Humacao.
 The Sokobanjska Moravica or simply Moravica (Serbian Cyrillic: Сокобањска Моравица or Моравица) is a river in central eastern Serbia a 58 km-long right tributary to the Južna Morava river.
 Benoit is a crater on Mercury. Its floor is quite unusual with two mounds that have been suggested to be evidence of intrusive volcanic activity on Mercury.
 The Heron River is a river of Stewart Island/Rakiura New Zealand. It rises north of Adventure Hill and flows south-eastward into Port Adventure.
 The Foglia is the northernmost river of the Marche Italy.In ancient times it was known as Pisaurus as it debouched into the Adriatic Sea at Pisaurum (modern Pesaro).The Foglia originates from the Sasso Aguzzo near Sestino in the Tuscan Apennines.Simone Cantarini painted Allegory of the Foglia River with the Coat of Arms of PesaroKnown earlier as the Isaurus.It was the part of the Gothic Line and the WWII battle of Rimini
 Medvezhya (Russian: Медве́жья; Japanese: 茂世路岳 Moyoro-dake) is a volcanic complex located at the northern end of Iturup Island Kuril Islands Russia.
 The Maly Cheremshan (literally The Little Cheremshan Russian: Малый Черемшан; Tatar Cyrillic: Кече Чирмешән Latin: Keçe Çirmeşän) is a river in Tatarstan and Ulyanovsk Oblast Russian Federation a right-bank tributary of the Bolshoy Cheremshan River. Its length is 213 km (192 of them in Tatarstan) and its drainage basin is 3190 km². It origins near Tatarsky Yeltan Chistopolsky District Tatarstan and falls to the Bolshoy Cheremshan in Ulyanovsk Oblast.
 Vangsmjøse (Vangsmjøsa or Vangsmjøsi) is a lake in Vang municipality in Oppland county Norway. It has an area of 18.25 km² and is about 154 m deep according to NVE. A local myth says that if you lower a raw ham in the deepest part of Vangsmjøse it will be boiled when you pull it up again. It is at an elevation of 466 m above sea level. The shoreline is 43.47 km around.Øye stave church (Øye stavkyrkje) is situated in Øye a village at the west end of Vangsmjøse.
 Mount Gec is a mountain located in the Sunwapta River Valley of Jasper National Park. Gec lies 4 km (2 mi) northwest of Diadem Peak. The mountain was named in 1961 after the first names of the three climbers who made the first ascent — George Ellen Chuck.
 Mariborska koča (1142 m) is a mountain hut which lies on small plain on southern part of Pohorje under Reški vrh and Ledinek kogl. It was built in 1911 and was burnt by Germans during WW2.
 The Perchiu River is a tributary of the Polocin River in Romania.
 Lake Steilacoom is a reservoir approximately 4 km (2.5 mi) southwest of Tacoma in Pierce County Washington United States. Its boundaries lie entirely within the city of Lakewood Washington. The reservoir covers approximately 53 acres (210000 m2) has a mean depth of 11 feet (3.4 m) and a maximum depth of 20 feet (6.1 m). Lake Steilacoom is a freshwater lake and drains into Puget Sound via Chambers Creek which begins at its northern tip.
 Mount Lawu or Gunung Lawu is a massive compound stratovolcano straddling the border between East Java and Central Java Indonesia. The north side is deeply eroded and the eastern side contains parasitic crater lakes and parasitic cones. A fumarolic area is located on the south flank at 2550 m. The only reported activity of Lawu took place in 1885 when rumblings and light volcanic ash falls were reported.
 The Salmo River is a tributary of the Pend d'Oreille River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The Salmo River is part of the Columbia River drainage basin being a tributary of the Pend d'Oreille River which flows into the Columbia River.The river's drainage basin is 1300 square kilometres (500 sq mi) in area. Its mean annual discharge is 32.5 cubic metres per second (1150 cu ft/s).
 Lake Stamford a reservoir formed by Stamford Dam is located 10 miles (16 km) northeast of Stamford Texas in southeastern Haskell County. The lake had a storage capacity in 1999 of 51573 acre feet (63614000 m3) and drains an area of 368 square miles (950 km2). Due to sedimentation the estimated capacity as of 2013 is 50061 acre·ft (61749000 m3). The City of Stamford owns the lake and half the water rights to Lake Stamford while AEP owns the other half.
 Eyb is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Monte Clapier (French: Mont Clapier) is a mountain in the Maritime Alps on the boundary between the province of Cuneo (Piedmont northern Italy) and the French region of Provence-Alpes-Côte-d'Azur.
 Rothbroicher Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Otter Creek Reservoir is a high alpine reservoir (elevation approximately 6372 ft or 1940 m) located in Piute County Utah United States. It is a popular location for rainbow trout fishing. [1]The nearest town is Antimony UT approximately 12 to 15 miles away (19–24 km). A larger city within a one hour drive is Richfield.
 Molmys River (Russian: Молмыс) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of Yazva River. It is 100 km in length. Area of drainage basin is 1090 km². It starts on southeast slope of mount Vogulsky Kamen in the middle part of Kvarkush mountain range. It flows through southeastern portion of Krasnovishersky District its mouth located upstream of settlement Krasnyi Bereg.
 Gerard is a lunar crater that lies along the western edge of the Oceanus Procellarum near the northwest limb of the Moon's near side. It is located to the north-northwest of the crater von Braun and northeast of Bunsen. Because of its location Gerard appears strongly foreshortened when viewed from the Earth hindering observation.This is a worn and eroded formation with a rim that has been nearly obliterated in some locations and distorted in others.
 Uhl is a Himalayan stream which is part of the watershed of Beas river. The river originates at the Thamsar Glacier in the Dhauladhar range of the Himalayas flows through the Uhl valley crossing Bada Gran and Barot both villages in the Uhl valley. In the lower part of its course it is also known as Tiun Nala and the Uhl valley is known as Chohar valley. After passing the Chohar valley Uhl meets the Beas river 5 km downstream from Pandoh.
 Torside Reservoir is the largest man-made lake in Longdendale in north Derbyshire.
 The Sărăcinul de Mijloc River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Luoma Lake is located in Jiangsu province of south eastern China near the city of Suqian (宿迁).
 The Little Maple River is a 16.5-mile-long (26.6 km) tributary of the Maple River in the central part of the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. It rises in Victor Township Clinton County at the outlet of Cedar Lake. It flows through Sleepy Hollow State Park which surrounds Lake Ovid. Lake Ovid was created by damming the Little Maple River. The Little Maple River joins the Maple River in Ovid Township Clinton County.
 Cowan Lake also known as Cowan Creek Reservoir is a lake within Cowan Lake State Park in Clinton County Ohio United States. Its surface area is 692 acres (2.80 km2). Cowan Lake lies near the Cincinnati Arch an uplifting of bedrock that occurred during the Appalachian Mountains' building process. The erosion of this arch in the Cowan region exposes fossil-rich limestone.
 The Stejaru River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Mount Asahi (朝日岳 Asahidake) is a mountain located on the border of Yamagata Prefecture with Niigata Prefecture in northern Japan. It is part of the Asahi Mountain Range which is part of Bandai-Asahi National Park. The mountain has a peak Ō-Asahidake (大朝日岳) with a height of 1870 metres (6140 ft) which is wholly within Yamagata Prefecture and a secondary peak Ko-Asahidake (小朝日岳) with a height of 1648 metres (5407 ft) to the northeast.
 The Gan River (simplified Chinese: 赣江; traditional Chinese: 贛江; pinyin: Gàn Jiāng Gan: Kōm-kong) travels 885 km (550 mi) north through the western part of Jiangxi before flowing into Lake Poyang and thence into the Yangtze River.
 The Serranía de San Lucas is a forested massif in the Bolívar Department of northern Colombia that reaches heights of 2600m above sea level. It is part of the Magdalena-Urabá moist forests ecoregion with a rainforest ecology that includes large monkey and bird populations.It is a 'forest reserve' that has been recommended for protection but has been opened to mining by the Colombian government as the mountains have large deposits of gold emeralds nickel and mercury.
 Harmukh (also known as Mount Haramukh or Harmukh mountain) is a mountain with a peak elevation of 5142 metres (16870 ft) in Ganderbal district of Jammu and Kashmir. Harmukh is part of the Himalaya Range and is located between Nallah Sindh in the south and Kishanganga Neelum River in the north rising above Gangabal Lake in the vicinity of Kashmir valley. It is mostly climbed from the northwestern side of Arin Bandipore.
 Green Mountain elevation 6858 ft (2090 m) is a summit in the Front Range of central Colorado. The mountain is an open space park managed by the city of Lakewood.
 The Branco River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Căbălașu River is a tributary of the Zăbala River in Romania.
 Edgbaston Pool is a Site of Special Scientific Interest located in Edgbaston Birmingham England. It is one of 23 SSSI's in the West Midlands. The site has two distinct units (areas) within it. The first is water-related and contains the 7 hectares (0.070 km2; 0.027 sq mi) lake and the input channel of the Chad Brook as well as some land that is either marsh or lake depending on the season. The second the smaller section is woodland.
 The Sabugi River is a river of Paraíba and Rio Grande do Norte states in northeastern Brazil.
 Aqualate Mere is the largest natural lake in the English Midlands and is managed as a National Nature Reserve (NNR) by Natural England. It is a remnant of the prehistoric Lake Lapworth.The Mere lies within the borough of Stafford in Staffordshire England some 2 km east of the market town of Newport Shropshire.
 The Baldwin River is a right tributary of the River Glass on the Isle of Man. It has a length of appr. 4.5 km and merges with the Glass 2 km south of Crosby.
 Q'irayuq (Quechua q'ira a species of wild lupin Lupinus platiphyllus -yuq a suffix to indicate ownership the one with the lupin species hispanicized spelling Ccerayoc) is a mountain in the Urupampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5000 metres (16404 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Calca Province in the districts Calca and Lares. It lies immediately east of the mountain Sawasiray (Qullqi Cruz).
 The Hășcuța River is a tributary of the Haşca River in Romania. The Petru Vodă Monastery constructed in 1992 and dedicated to the memory of the victims of Communism is located on the Hașca meadow at the confluence of the Hașca and Hășcuța rivers.
 The Moose River is a Canadian river in the Hudson Plains ecozone of northern Ontario which flows 100 km northeast from the junction of the Mattagami and Missinaibi Rivers into James Bay. Its drainage basin is 108500 km² and it has a mean discharge rate of 1370 m³/s. Its full length is 547 kilometres (340 mi) if counted from the head of the Mattagami River.This river formed part of the water route to Lake Superior in the days of the fur trade.
 Mount Powell elevation 13566 ft (4135 m) is the highest summit in the Gore Range of central Colorado. The mountain in the Eagles Nest Wilderness of Arapaho National Forest was named after John Wesley Powell who climbed to the summit in 1868.
 Zola is a crater on Mercury at latitude 50.5 longitude 178. It is 60km in diameter.
 The Kunya (Russian: Ку́нья) is a river in Kunyinsky Velikoluksky and Loknyansky Districts of Pskov Oblast Toropetsky District of Tver Oblast and Kholmsky District of Novgorod Oblast in Russia. It is a major right tributary of the Lovat River. It is 258 kilometres (160 mi) long and the area of its basin 5143 square kilometres (1986 sq mi). The town of Kholm is located in the mouth of the Kunya.
 The Bobaia River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
 Doane Peak (11355 feet (3461 m)) is in the northern Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming. The peak is located west of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village. The scenic Waterfalls Canyon is immediately northeast of the peak but there are no maintained trails in the area. Access to the summit involves off trail hiking and scrambling as the top of the mountain is more than 4500 feet (1400 m) above Jackson Lake. The peak is named for Lt. Gustavus Cheyney Doane.
 The California Caverns are in the Sierra Nevada foothills in Cave City Calaveras County California. The series of interconnected caverns are one of the earliest officially recorded caves in the Mother Lode region of California. Although one of numerous caves in the Mother Lode region California Caverns claims the distinction of having the most extensive system of caverns and passageways.
 The Ciotina River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Lake Shegue is a lake in the Pasco Region of Peru.
 The Engano River (Uruguay River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Tiefenrother Höhe is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Sipsey River is a 145-mile-long (233 km) swampy low-lying river in west central Alabama. The Sipsey is surrounded by some exceptional wetland habitat. It originates near Glen Allen and discharges into the Tombigbee River near Vienna.
 The Vladimir River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Canoe River is a tributary of the Columbia River in British Columbia Canada. Its lower reach is flooded by Mica Dam. The lower Canoe River is called Canoe Reach part of the Mica Dam's reservoir Kinbasket Lake.
 The Bituva River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Paraná River basin.
 The Valea Mlăcii River is a headwater of the Săpânța River in Romania.
 Étang de Lachamp is a lake in the commune of Manzat Puy-de-Dôme France. At an elevation of 820 m its surface area is 0.13 km².
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Suceviţa River in Romania.
 Lake Teletskoye (Russian: Телецкое озеро Altay: Алтын Кӧл Altyn-Köl literally: Golden Lake) is the largest lake in the Altay Mountains and the Altai Republic Russia and has depth up to 325 meters.Situated at a height of 434 m (1424 ft) above the sea level the lake is 78 km (48 mi) long and 5 km (3.1 mi) wide and lies between the mountain ridges Korbu and Al-tyntu on the junction of the Sailughem Mountains and the Western Sayans.
 The Goose Lake Valley is located in south-central Oregon and northeastern California United States. It is a high valley at the northwestern corner of North America’s basin and range province. Much of the valley floor is covered by Goose Lake a large endorheic lake that straddles the Oregon-California border. The Goose Lake Valley was used by Native Americans for thousands of years before explorers arrived in the 19th century.
 The Țiganu River is a tributary of the Iaz River in Romania.
 Lac de Bage is a lake in Aveyron France. At an elevation of 715 m its surface area is 0.53 km².
 The Porter River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It rises close to the southern end of the Craigieburn Range east of Lake Coleridge flowing generally northeast to reach the Broken River close to Castle Hill. the Porter Heights Skifield is located above the river valley's western flank and State Highway 73 follows the river's course for some distance to the west of Porters Pass
 Schwarzer Kocher is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Schmiecha is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mount Kunyit (Indonesian: Gunung Kunyit means: Turmeric Mountain) is a fumarolic stratovolcano on Sumatra Indonesia. The summit contains two craters; the uppermost is a crater lake.
 The Sohodol River is a tributary of the Călmăţui River in Romania.
 Mount Kain is a mountain located in the Fraser River Valley of Mount Robson Provincial Park Canada. Mt. Kain was named by J. Monroe Thorington in 1934 after mountain guide Conrad Kain.
 The Lonea River or Luna River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Lake Ejagham is a small lake near Eyumodjock in the Southwest Region of Cameroon. Unlike many other lakes in the region it is not a volcanic lake but is likely a solution basin formed by groundwater during the last Ice Age. This highly isolated lake is roughly oval in shape lacks an inflow but has an outflow into the Munaya River (part of the Cross River system).
 The Tsarap River or the Tsarap Chu (Urdu: صراف ندی‎) is a river 182 kilometres (113 mi) long which forms the eastern part of the Zanskar valley in the Ladakh region of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.
 Washington Creek is a southward-flowing stream in Sonoma County California United States which enters the city of Petaluma and discharges to the Petaluma River.
 The Caracu River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 McCool Hill is the tallest of the Columbia Hills in Gusev crater Mars. It was named in honor of William C. McCool an astronaut of the Space Shuttle Columbia during its final mission where it disintegrated during atmospheric reentry (see Space Shuttle Columbia disaster).The hill was to be Spirit rover's next target. She was expect significant north-facing slopes on the hill in mid-April 2006 and spend her second winter on Mars there.
 Mount Steamer marks the intersection between the Main Range National Park and The Steamer Range in Australia. Walking to the summit is a tough undertaking from any of its spurs.
 The Crețu River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
 The Kulma Pass (simplified Chinese: 阔勒买山口; traditional Chinese: 闊勒買山口; pinyin: Kuòlèmài Shānkǒu) also Qolma Pass is a mountain pass across the Pamir Mountains on the border between the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Region of Tajikistan and the Xinjiang Autonomous Region of China.
 Kunzenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
 The Valea Pustie River is a tributary of the Cârțibașu Mare River in Romania.
 Siebensteinkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Lac de Vaivre is an artificial lake in Vesoul in Haute-Saône France. At an elevation of 210 m (690 ft) its surface area is 0.93 km2.
 Buckhorn Lake located south of Buckhorn Kentucky United States and northwest of Hazard Kentucky off Kentucky Route 28 is a 1230-acre (5 km2) reservoir created by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in 1967 by impounding the Kentucky River.The lake begins the Middle Fork of the Kentucky River. Buckhorn Lake Dam is an earthen dam 160 feet high and 1020 feet in length at its crest with a maximum capacity of 167900 acre-feet and normal storage of 32100 acre feet.
 The Potomac Water Gap is a double water gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains located at the intersection of the states of Virginia West Virginia and Maryland near Harpers Ferry. At 256 feet (78 m) it is the lowest crossing of the Blue Ridge Mountains.
 Subangdaku River is a river situated in Sogod Southern Leyte. It is the town's biggest river lying on the center part of the area that drains to the Sogod Bay. From the name itself in Cebuano means big river or wide riverFor years following the floodings of the river it created an issue over the province. It has been quarried and rechanneled which caused the incidents. After many attempts the issue remained unsolved.
 The Padinile River is a tributary of the Robești River in Romania.
 Berosus is a lunar crater that is located in the northeastpart of the Moon less than one crater diameter northwest of Hahn. Further to the east-northeast is the large crater Gauss and to the north-northwest lies Bernoulli. Because of its location this crater appears foreshortened when viewed from the Earth.The rim of this crater is roughly circular but with some angularity along the eastern edge.
 Belknap Crater is a shield volcano in the Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Oregon.Belknap volcano is a Holocene example of the process which built the High Cascade Platform during the Pleistocene. It is a small shield volcano with a capping cinder cone.A number of other eruptions also occurred in the general area during roughly the same time period. About 1300 years ago (1330 14C years B.P.) a series of small spatter cones formed between Belknap and Blue Lake.
 Illimani (Aymara) is the highest mountain in the Cordillera Real (part of the Cordillera Oriental a subrange of the Andes) of western Bolivia. It lies just south of La Paz at the eastern edge of the Altiplano. It is the second highest peak in Bolivia after Nevado Sajama and the eighteenth highest peak in South America. The snow line lies at about 4570 metres (15000 ft) above sea level and glaciers are found on the northern face at 4983 m (16350 ft).
 River Mayanja is a river in Uganda in East Africa.
 Ogof Nadolig is a cave in the Alyn Gorge near Cilcain Flintshire Wales. It is mostly crawling 300 metres (980 ft) long and ends with a shaft up to the surface and a locked manhole cover. Nearby but closer to the river are the caves Ogof Hesp Alyn and Ogof Hen Ffynhonnau. Its name derives from the fact that it was discovered on Christmas Day.[citation needed]
 Swamp Creek is a tributary of the Sammamish River in Snohomish and King Counties Washington in the United States.Swamp Creek starts at Lake Stickney near Everett. It ends in Kenmore at the Sammamish River which then flows into Lake Washington.
 Chilkoot Pass (el. 1067 m./3057 ft.) is a high mountain pass through the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains in the U.S. state of Alaska and British Columbia Canada. It is the highest point along the Chilkoot Trail that leads from Dyea Alaska to Bennett Lake British Columbia. The Chilkoot Trail was long a route used by the Tlingit for trade. During the Klondike Gold Rush of the late 19th century it was used by prospectors and packers to get through the mountains.
 The Șaua Padina River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Sołtysi is a river of Poland a tributary of the Siedliczka.
 The San Pedro Valley of western Cochise County Arizona is a 50 mile long mostly north-south valley trending northwesterly. It drains from Sierra Vista Southeast north towards I-10 Benson and the southeast of the Rincon Mountains.The coordinates for Charleston Arizona south center of the valley are 31389-N 1101021-W.
 Torre Egger is one of the mountains of the Southern Patagonian Ice Field in South America. It is located in a region which is disputed between Argentina and Chile west of Cerro Chalten (also known as Fitz Roy). The peak is between Cerro Torre the highest in a four mountain chain and Cerro Stanhardt.
 Shenipsit Lake (or Snipsic lake; shin-ip-SIT) known locally as The Snip is a natural lake used as a water storage facility with a water size of 522.8 acres (2.116 km2) located in Tolland County Connecticut bordering the towns of Ellington Tolland and the Rockville section of Vernon Connecticut at 41°53′4.7″N 72°25′34″W. It is the source of the Hockanum River.
 Todorka (Bulgarian: Тодорка) is a massive peak in the Pirin Mountains of south-western Bulgaria. It is the only peak of the Todorka side ridge and has a summit elevation of 2746 m (9009 ft.) above sea level. Todorka is the 11th highest peak in Pirin and is made of granite and although not rocky it is steep. It is a relatively short crest with three peaks - Golyama (Big) Sredna (Middle) and Malka (Little) Todorka.
 Kvitegga is a mountain on the border between Stranda Municipality and Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southeast of the village of Leira (in Ørsta) and about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) west of Hellesylt (in Stranda). The 1717-metre (5633 ft) tall Kvitegga is located about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) northeast of the nearby mountain Hornindalsrokken.Kvitegga is the highest mountain in the Sunnmørsalpene mountain range.
 The Krishansar Lake (Urdu: کرشن سر) is an alpine high altitude oligotrophic lake situated in the vicinity of Sonamarg less than one kilometer from Vishansar Lake north westwards at an elevation of 3710 meters. It has a maximum length of 0.95 kilometers and maximum width of 0.6 kilometers.
 The Valea Carpenilor River is a tributary of the Șpring River in Romania.
 The Hieroglyphic Mountains are a mountain range located in central Arizona. The Hieroglyphics roughly straddle the border between Maricopa and Yavapai counties and form an effective physical barrier northwest of the Phoenix Metropolitan Area. Due to its proximity to Phoenix and its environs the mountains offer a number of outdoors recreational activities.The Hieroglyphic Mountains were named in an apparent confusion between Egyptian hieroglyphs with the petroglyphs found in the area.
 The Correntes River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Cima di Biasca is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located southeast of Biasca in the canton of Ticino.
 The Muncelu River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania.
 The Cerboaia River is a tributary of the Vaţa river in Romania.
 Lake Notoro (能取湖 Notoro-ko) is located in Abashiri Hokkaidō Japan.
 Spring Creek is a 6.0-mile-long (9.7 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in Dauphin County Pennsylvania in the United States.Spring Creek rises in Lower Paxton Township flowing through adjacent areas such as Paxtang Oakleigh Progress Lawnton and Colonial Park. The stream flows in a westerly direction eventually joining the Susquehanna River in southern Harrisburg.
 Katzenbach (Werre) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Valea Bătrâna River is a tributary of the Tarcău River in Romania.
 Monte Carmo di Loano is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Alps. It is located in the province of Savona. It lies at an altitude of 1389 metres.
 The Hunter River New Zealand is a river of New Zealand flowing into Lake Hāwea.
 Erickson Glacier is a glacier 12 nautical miles (22 km) long flowing north from the Queen Maud Mountains between Mount Young and O'Leary Peak to join Ramsey Glacier at the edge of the Ross Ice Shelf. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Commander J.L. Erickson U.S. Navy commanding officer of the USS Staten Island during U.S. Navy Operation Deep Freeze 1965.
 The Top River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Fieru River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The River Allen (Cornish: Dowr Lehen meaning slate river) in north Cornwall is one of two rivers of the same name in Cornwall which share this name. In this case the name is the result of a mistake made in 1888 by Ordnance Survey replacing the name Layne with Allen which is actually the old name for the lower reaches of the Camel. The other River Allen runs through Truro.The River Allen is a major tributary of the River Camel.
 Dharmasagar is a man-made pond on the heart of the city of Comilla. It is a century old pond dug by the Tripura’s King Dharma Manikya I in 1458. The pond is used for fish cultivation. There is a park beside the pond. Local residents gather and enjoy fresh air and beautiful panorama of the pond. Pavement of sides of the pond make a long pathway for walking that are enjoyed on a daily basis by local community residents.
 Psunj is a mountain in the southwestern Slavonia region in eastern Croatia. It is the highest mountain of Slavonia with the highest peak of Brezovo polje at 984 m.a.s.l. In the north it extends to Ravna gora and Papuk while otherwise it is surrounded by lowlands. It is located north of Nova Gradiška and southeast of Pakrac.On Psunj there is a 128.5 metres tall lattice tower used for FM- and TV-transmission which was designed by Prof.
 Kennisis Lake is the largest lake in the Haliburton Highlands with a surface area of over 1640 ha in the area of Ontario just south west of Algonquin Provincial Park. From end to end the lake is approximately 23 kilometres long. There is a smaller counterpart named Little Kennisis Lake.The lakes shoreline lots are almost entirely privately owned with the newest residences and summer homes being built on the western shore accessible by West Shore Drive.
 The Gropoi River is a tributary of the Teuz River in Romania.
 The Horn River is a river in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It is a major tributary of the Mackenzie River.The river gives the name to the Horn River Formation a shale deposit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin. The Horn River Basin refers to the extent of the Horn River Formation in the subsurface and is not defined by the Horn River watershed.
 Prien Lake is a lake that is connected to the Calcasieu River which flows through the city of Lake Charles Louisiana (USA). The Interstate 210 bridge crosses over the lake which is just southwest of Lake Charles. The lake is home to a small beach near Interstate 10. L'Auberge du Lac is nearby as well as Prien Lake Park.
 The Pancas River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Wharepapa River is a river of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south from its sources within Rimutaka Forest Park to reach the western end of Palliser Bay close to the small settlement of Wharekauhau.
 The River Finn (Irish: Abhainn na Finne) is a river that flows through County Donegal in the Republic of Ireland and County Tyrone in Northern Ireland. It rises in Lough Finn in County Donegal and flows east through a deep mountain valley to Ballybofey and Stranorlar (on opposite sides of the river) and on to the confluence with the River Mourne at Lifford. From Castlefin downstream the river is tidal becoming deeper towards Strabane.
 Urselbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Foel Wen (pronounced [ˈvɔil ˈwɛn]) is a subsidiary summit of Cadair Berwyn in north east Wales. It is one of the summits found on the most easterly of Cadair Berwyn's long south ridges.The summit is grassy and the entire face of Craig Berwyn can be viewed. To the north lies Tomle while to the south lies its south top and Mynydd Tarw.
 Nelson Lake Colchester is a lake of Colchester County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Zahuapan River is a river of Mexico.
 Archytas is a lunar impact crater that protrudes into the northern edge of Mare Frigoris. To the northwest is the comparably sized crater Timaeus and the smaller Protagoras lies in the opposite direction to the southeast. Further to the southwest beyond the opposite edge of the mare is the dark-floored crater Plato.The rim of Archytas is sharp-edged and shows little appearance of erosion due to subsequent impacts.
 Nanda Devi (Hindi: नन्दा देवी ) is the second highest mountain in India and the highest entirely within the country (Kangchenjunga being on the border of India and Nepal); owing to this geography it was considered the highest known mountain in the world until computations on Dhaulagiri by western surveyors in 1808. It was also the highest mountain in India before Sikkim joined the Indian Union.
 Temple Crag is a popular rock climbing destination in the Palisades region of the Sierra Nevada. It straddles the drainages of the North and South Forks of Big Pine Creek.
 The Dos Porcos River (Bahia) is in the Bahia state of eastern Brazil.
 Walker Creek is a tributary of the Little Kanawha River 15.6 miles (25.1 km) long in western West Virginia in the United States. Via the Little Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 32 square miles (83 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.Walker Creek’s course and drainage area are entirely in eastern Wood County.
 The Kalba-Too (or Kalbatoo) (Kyrgyz: Калба-Тоо) is a mountain range in the north Tien-Shan a branch of the Talas Ala-Too Range. The range runs 25 km along its axis with the highest elevation at 4146 m. The mountains are dissected by a dense net of short and shallow but steep gulleys. The slopes have a weathering crust the surface of which is sodded.
 Mount Silali is a dormant volcano in the Gregory Rift Valley near to Kapedo Kenya. Silali is south of the Suguta Valley which reaches northward to Lake Turkana and is about 70 kilometres (43 mi) north of Lake Baringo.
 The Ciurgău River is a tributary of the Slătioara River in Romania.
 The Bernasconi Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges located in Riverside County California United States.
 Merriwa River a perennial river of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales Australia.
 Kuébéni is a major river of southeastern New Caledonia. Kuebeni is also known as Kouebuni Riviere Kouébuni Rivière La Kuébéni River etc. The river has a catchment area of 38 square kilometres and is noted for its red clay and Pisolitic sandstone and nickel mining. It flows into the sea north of Goro.
 The Iacob River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 New Ipswich Mountain is a summit within the Wapack Range of mountains in south-central New Hampshire United States. It lies within the town of New Ipswich and is traversed by the 22-mile (35 km) Wapack Trail. Barrett Mountain is located directly to the north along the Wapack ridgeline; Stony Top a subordinate peak of Pratt Mountain lies to the south. The summit of the mountain is mostly wooded but a number of rocky ledges below the summit offer views of the surrounding countryside.
 The Wildgrat is a mountain in the Geigenkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Eckert is a tiny isolated lunar impact crater in the northern part of the Mare Crisium (a circular region of relatively dark flat material on the surface of the Moon). This crater forms a circular pit in the dark surface of the surrounding lunar mare. Just to the west is a wrinkle ridge in the mare surface a feature that is prominent only under oblique lighting from the Sun. The nearest craters of note are Peirce to the west-northwest and Picard to the southwest.
 Hawk Hill is a 923-foot (281 m) peak in the Marin Headlands just north of the Golden Gate Bridge and across the Golden Gate strait from San Francisco California. The hill is within the Golden Gate National Recreation Area.It is the lookout point for the largest known flight of diurnal raptors in the Pacific states.
 The Vânătorul River is a tributary of the Cremeneţ River in Romania.
 The Viștea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Viştea Mare and Viştişoara
 Molyobka (Russian: Молёбка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Asovka River. The length of the river is 15 km. Its origin is located east of village Malyshi and its mouth is upstream of settlement Asovo.
 Mount Kumotori (雲取山 Kumotoriyama) stands at the boundary of Tokyo Saitama and Yamanashi Prefectures on the island of Honshū Japan. With an elevation of 2017 metres (6617 ft) its summit is the highest point in Tokyo. It separates the Okutama Mountains and the Okuchichibu Mountains.
 Charmadi (Tulu/Kannada:ಚಾರ್ಮಾಡಿ) is a village in Beltangady taluk of Dakshina Kannada district. It is one of the points in Western ghats through which motorable road passes connecting Dakshina Kannada with Chikkamagaluru district. The section of ghat is known by the name of Charmadi ghat. Nearest places are Charmadi village Kottigehara and Banakal.Charmadi Ghat Starts from Charmadi village(11 km from Ujire) and ends at Kottigehara(14 km from Mudigere).
 The Platte River is located in the northern part of the Lower Peninsula of Michigan. Its mouth is located in Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore and much of the rest is in the Pere Marquette State Forest. The Platte River is about 29.5 miles (47.5 km) in length from its origin at the outlet of Lake Dubonett. The watershed area is about 193 square miles (500 km2). The land coverage is 82% forested open lands or wetlands; 12% agriculture and 7% urban.
 Mount Spring-Rice is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1918 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 The Simon Creek is a river of the Bahamas.
 The Valea Şchiopului River is a tributary of the Câlnău River in Romania.
 Egå Engsø is an artificial lake and wetland site located in the north of the town of Aarhus between Vejlby Risskov and Lystrup. Engsø means 'meadow lake' and Egå means 'Oak stream' referring to the stream that drains the lake into the Aarhus bay.
 Mullwharchar or Maol Adhairce (Gaelic for 'Hill of the Huntsman's Horn') is a hill in the Galloway Hills of the Southern Uplands of Scotland. Mullwarchar is situated to the north of Loch Enoch west of Corserine northeast of Merrick and east of Kirriereoch Hill. There are 3 cliffs on the mountain named The Slock The Tauchers and The Organ Pipes and some routes on these are occasionally climbed. Mullwharchar's summit is fairly flat and dotted with erratics.
 Mount Barney is a mountain and locality within the Scenic Rim Region in south-east Queensland Australia. It lies approximately 130 kilometres south-west of Brisbane not far from the Queensland - New South Wales border and forms part of the McPherson Range. It is a popular destination for bushwalkers and campers. Mount Barney is the fifth highest mountain in Queensland and is often regarded as one of the most impressive parts of the Scenic Rim.
 The Combin de Boveire is a mountain of the Pennine Alps lotated in the Grand Combin massif in Valais. It lies between the Boveire Glacier and the Corbassière Glacier.
 The Pagelsburg is a hill in the Harz Mountains of central Germany which lies south of Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony. It is 545 m above sea level and lies 1.2 km south of the Adlersberg 0.9 kilometres east of the Höxterberg and 1.0 kilometre northwest of the Großer Knollen.
 The Kentucky River is a tributary of the Ohio River 260 miles (418 km) long in the U.S. state of Kentucky. The river and its tributaries drain much of the central region of the state with its upper course passing through the coal-mining regions of the Cumberland Mountains and its lower course passing through the Bluegrass region in the north central part of the state. Its watershed encompasses about 7000 square miles (18000 km2).
 The Valea Comorilor River is a tributary of the Urlătoarea Mică River in Romania.
 Thompson Pond is a fresh water pond in central Massachusetts near North Spencer and Paxton. It is part of the Chicopee River Watershed.
 Genista Cave 4 is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The River Chibit (Russian: река Чибит or река Чибитка Altay: суу Чибит literally: Yellow river) is in Altai Republic Russia right arm of the Chuya River.In the Chibit basin are more than 20 lakes Uzun-Kol Cheybek-Kohl etc. which originated on the eastern slope of the Kurai Range. Thereafter the right tributary flows into the Chibit located Lake Uzun-Kol in its upper reaches.
 Mount Kusatsu-Shirane (草津白根山 Kusatsu Shirane-san) is a 2160 meter active volcano in Kusatsu Gunma Japan. It is called Kusatsu Shirane to differentiate it from the Mount Nikkō-Shirane on the other side of Gunma Prefecture. The summit of Kusatsu-Shirane volcano located immediately north of Asama volcano consists of a series of overlapping pyroclastic cones and three crater lakes.
 Lake Barracoota is a naturally forming permanent freshwater lake located in the East Gippsland region in the Australian state of Victoria. The lake is located entirely within the Croajingolong National Park and when full the surface area of the lake is 240 hectares (590 acres).The eastern shoreline of the lake lie against a granite spur of the Howe Range but all other shorelines are backed by dune sand or swamp deposits.
 The Da Telha River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Strâmsuța River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Solz (nördliche) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Valea Nimătului River is a tributary of the Băiţa river in Romania.
 Cordón Baquedano is a low mountain range in the Chilean portion of Tierra del Fuego. The range is located in the northern part of the main island limiting to Inútil Bay to the south and grading over to lowlands to north before reaching the Straits of Magellan at Primera and Segunda Angostura. The highest part of the range reaches little over almost 600 m.a.s.l.The range is an Important Bird Area notable for the White-bridled Finch.
 Neile is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Mafadi (Afrikaans: Mafadipiek) is a peak on the border of South Africa and Lesotho. At a height of 3450 metres (11320 ft) it is the highest mountain in South Africa but is lower than Thabana Ntlenyana the highest peak in Lesotho which is at 3482 metres (11424 ft) the highest point in Southern Africa. Mafadi lies at S 29 12 08.4 E 29 21 25.5 in the WGS84 format.
 The Ngatau River is a river of the West Coast and Otago Regions of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north-west from its sources in the Southern Alps to meet the Okuru River 20 kilometres south-east of Haast. The river's entire length is within Mount Aspiring National Park.
 The Bio River is a river of Bolivia.
 Batty Bay is an narrow bay in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is an arm of Prince Regent Inlet on the eastern side of Somerset Island.
 Beacon Hill near Loughborough in Leicestershire England is a popular country park. It is one of several beacon hills in the United Kingdom.The park consists of 135 hectares (330 acres) of grassland and woodland and offers recreational walking and some short climbs.
 The Whitewater River is a small permanent stream in western Riverside County California except for a small upstream portion in southwestern San Bernardino County. Its headwaters are in the San Bernardino Mountains and 'mouth'—terminus in the Colorado Desert. The Whitewater River is in the endorheic Salton Sea drainage basin.The community of Whitewater is named after the river.
 Og Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1966 after references in the Bible.
 The Chapeauroux (French: le Chapeauroux) is a 56.1 km (34.9 mi) long river in the Lozère and Haute-Loire départements south-central France. Its source is near Estables in the Margeride. It flows generally northeast. It is a left tributary of the Allier into which it flows between Saint-Bonnet-de-Montauroux and Saint-Christophe-d'Allier.
 Bárðarbunga (pronounced [b'aurðarbuŋka]) is an Icelandic stratovolcano or subglacial volcano located under the ice cap of Vatnajökull glacier rising to 2009 metres (6591 ft) above sea level making it the second highest mountain in Iceland just about 101 metres (331 ft) lower than Hvannadalshnjúkur.[citation needed]Bárðarbunga is a large and powerful stratovolcano it is also Iceland's largest volcanic system considered to be close to 200 kilometres (120 mi) long and up to 25 kilometres (16 mi) wide.The Bárðarbunga caldera is about 70 square kilometres up to 10 kilometres (6 mi) wide and about 700 metres (2300 ft) deep. 
 The Brahmani is a major seasonal river in the Odisha state of Eastern India. The Brahmani is formed by the confluence of the Sankh and South Koel rivers and flows through the districts of Sundargarh Kendujhar Dhenkanal Cuttack and Jajapur. Together with the rivers Mahanadi and Baitarani it forms a large delta before entering into the Bay of Bengal at Dhamra.
 Mount Besar (Indonesian: Gunung Besar means: Big Mountain) is a stratovolcano in the southeast of Sumatra Indonesia. A minor sulfur deposit can be found in the crater. A big solfatara field called Marga Bayur is located along its north-southwest flanks or the Semangko fault system.
 Ash Mountain is the highest summit in the Tuya Range of the Stikine Ranges in northcentral British Columbia Canada located immediately north of High Tuya Lake at the north end of Tuya Mountains Provincial Park. It is one of the six tuyas clustered close to Tuya Lake. The base of the volcano comprises pillow lava and hyaloclastite indicating that the volcano formed beneath ice or under a large lake.
 About this sound Tyrka (Polish: Tyrka ) (also known as Tyra) is a 13 km long creek in Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.It is the left tributary of the Olza River to which it enters in Třinec. It originates in the Moravian-Silesian Beskids in the elevation of 835 m and flows generally northward through the villages of Tyra and Oldřichovice.
 The Pârâul Muntelui is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
 Show Low Lake is a 100-acre (0.40 km2) lake nestled at 6500 feet (2000 m) elevation in the White Mountains of Arizona which is administered by the Arizona Game and Fish Department along with the city of Show Low. Show Low Lake Park is located five miles (8 km) south of Show Low.
 Zāyandé-Rūd or Zāyanderūd (Persian: زاینده رود‎ from زاینده [zɑːjændɛ] “life giver” and رود [rʊːd] “river”) also spelled as Zayandeh-Rood or Zayanderood is the largest river in the central plateau of Iran.The Zayandeh starts in the Zagros Mountains and flows 400 kilometres (200 mi) eastward before ending in the Gavkhouni swamp a seasonal salt lake southeast of Isfahan city. The Zayandeh has significant flow all year long unlike many of Iran's rivers which are seasonal.
 Mount Sabyinyo ('Sabyinyo' is derived from the Kinyarwanda word 'Iryinyo' meaning tooth; also Sabinyo Sabinio) is an extinct volcano in eastern Africa in the Virunga Mountains. It is located northeast of Lake Kivu one of the African Great Lakes and west of Lake Bunyonyi in Uganda. The summit of the mountain at 3645 metres (11959 ft) marks the intersection of the borders of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Rwanda and Uganda.
 Balgarup River is a river in Western Australia that has its headwaters south-east of Kojonup just below Byenup Hill.The river flows is a north-westerly direction crossing Albany Highway south of Kojonup then through the town of Muradup and continues in the north-west direction until it joins the Blackwood River of which it is a tributary.
 Mount Arthur is a mountain in the north of Tasmania. It is north-east of Launceston near the town of Lilydale. Due to its close proximity to Launceston its summit is home to a large number of radio towers. WayFM (105.3 and 98.1) Launceston and Northern Tasmania's Christian community radio station have their tower on Mount Arthur.
 The Stăunoiu River is a tributary of the Calul River in Romania.
 Rock Creek is a creek in the Boundary Country region of British Columbia. This creek is the most renowned placer gold creek in the Boundary Country. It was discovered in 1859 by a Canadian named Adam Beam. Rock Creek was originally called York Creek. Beam earned $977 in the first six weeks he worked on the creek. It has been estimated that over $250000 in placer gold was recovered from this creek. The creek contained two types of gold. One was lemon yellow and the other coppery gold.
 Butte Creek Summit (el. 3848 ft.) is a mountain pass in Oregon traversed by Oregon Route 19.
 The Kukuri River (久々利川 Kukuri-gawa) is a river which flows through the city of Kani in Gifu Prefecture Japan. It is part of the Kiso River system.
 The Dârnăul Mare River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Lago di Santa Rosalia is an artificial lake in the Province of Ragusa Sicily Italy.
 Okkervil River (Russian: Оккервиль) is a river in Leningrad Oblast and the eastern part of the city of Saint Petersburg Russia. It is the largest left tributary of the Okhta River. It is 18 km long the width is 1.5–25 meters.The name Okkervil appeared in the 17th century after the Swedish colonel who owned an estate on the bank. On some ancient maps of Saint Petersburg the river is called Little Okhta (Russian: Малая Охта) as opposed to Big Okhta.
 Christine Lake is a 197-acre (0.8 km2) water body located in Coos County in northern New Hampshire United States in the town of Stark. The lake lies southeast of the Percy Peaks and north of the Upper Ammonoosuc River. Water from Christine Lake flows via the Upper Ammonoosuc to the Connecticut River at Groveton and thence south to Long Island Sound.
 The Höch Gumme (2205 m) is a mountain of the Emmental Alps located on the border between the cantons of Obwalden and Bern. It lies just west of the Schönbüel cable car station (2011 m).
 Milde-Biese-Aland is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Bucura River is a headwater of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
 The Aletsch Glacier (German: Aletschgletscher) or Great Aletsch Glacier (German: Grosser Aletschgletscher) is the largest glacier in the Alps. It has a length of about 23 km (14 mi) and covers more than 120 square kilometres (46 sq mi) in the eastern Bernese Alps in the Swiss canton of Valais. The Aletsch Glacier is composed of three smaller glaciers converging at Concordia where its thickness is estimated to be near 1 km (3300 ft).
 L'Epaule is a minor summit north of the Zinalrothorn. Because of its small prominence it was included in the enlarged list of alpine four-thousanders.
 The Pârâul Pietros is a tributary of the Pârâul Întunecat in Romania.
 Lleulleu Lake is a Chilean lake located in the Bío Bío Region.
 Wolds Top (sometimes also Normanby Hill) is the name sometimes given to the highest point of the Lincolnshire Wolds. It lies some distance to the north of the village of Normanby le Wold in Lincolnshire. The Viking Way passes close by on a minor road and there is a radio mast near the summit.
 The Kohaihai River is a river of the northwest of New Zealand's South Island. Flowing southwest and then west from the Dommett Range the river's entire length is within the Kahurangi National Park. The river's mouth marks the south western end of the Heaphy Track and the northern terminus of the West Coast's road system. The nearest town is Karamea.
 Blagaja (Serbian Cyrillic: Благаја) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Požega. Its highest peak Ravni krš has an elevation of 844 m (2769 ft) above sea level.
 Hoan Kiem Lake (Vietnamese: Hồ Hoàn Kiếm meaning Lake of the Returned Sword or Lake of the Restored Sword also known as Hồ Gươm - Sword Lake) is a lake in the historical center of Hanoi the capital city of Vietnam. The lake is one of the major scenic spots in the city and serves as a focal point for its public life.
 The Ponor River is a tributary of the Vața River in Romania.
 The Rush River is a 12.5-mile-long (20.1 km) river in the U.S. state of Virginia. It rises in the northern part of Shenandoah National Park and flows southeast to the Thornton River at Rock Mills. Via the Thornton and Hazel rivers it is part of the Rappahannock River watershed.
 Mount Rose is a mountain located in the Carson Range east of the California-Nevada border and is within the Mount Rose Wilderness. An extinct volcano the mountain is located between Lake Tahoe and Reno;and is the highest point in Washoe County. State Route 431 traverses Mount Rose Summit southeast of Mount Rose. Due to the high elevation most of the precipitation that falls on the mountain is snow.Mount Rose Ski Tahoe is nearby but is not on Mount Rose.
 The Ivan River is a tributary of the Nireş River in Romania.
 Charterhouse Cave on the Mendip Hills in Somerset is the deepest cave in southern England.
 Windham High Peak is a mountain located in Greene County New York.
 Hutt River is a river in the Mid West region of Western Australia.The river rises 20 km east of the North West Coastal Highway between the towns of Northampton and Binnu. It flows in a westerly direction until reaching Broken Anchor Bay on the Indian Ocean 6 kilometres (4 mi) south-east of Port Gregory. The main tributary for the Hutt River is Kennedy Creek.
 Cerro Oncol is mountain located in the Cordillera de Oncol Chile. With its 715 m it is the highest peak of the Chilean Coast Range between Nahuelbuta Range and Corral Bay. Cerro Oncol and its surroundings are located inside Oncol Park.
 Lake Langdon in Mound Minnesota has an area of 144 acres (0.6 km2). Minnehaha Creek Watershed District (MCWD) charts show its maximum depth of 38 feet (12 m) though it would be classified as a shallow lake with a mean depth of 8.3 feet (2.5 m). It is named for R. V. Langdon the first township clerk. It is located west of Commerce Boulevard and south of Lynwood Boulevard.
 Lake Otis is a natural freshwater lake located on the east side of Winter Haven Florida. The Polk County Water Atlas says the lake sometimes is known as Little Otis but this is confirmed nowhere else. The main part of the lake is somewhat rectangular in shape and on the south side of the main section of the lake is a long tail-shaped cove. Lake Otis has a 144 acres (58 ha) surface. It is connected on its northeast side to nearby Lake Link by a 50 feet (15 m) canal.
 Wabu Lake(Chinese: 瓦埠湖; pinyin: Wǎbù Hú) is a freshwater lake in China it is located in center of Anhui Province situated in the south bank of the middle reaches of Huai River. The area of the watershed is 800 km 2 with an elevation of 19 m its length makes 37.3 km and the greatest breadth from east to west is 11.56 km ( the average breadth makes 4.37 km ). The surface is equal to 163 km 2 and volume is about 3.94×108m3.
 Nyuzim (Russian: Нюзим) is a river in Perm Krai and Komi Republic Russia a right tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 21 km. It starts in Komi Republic near the border with Perm Krai. Its mouth located 277 km from Kolva's mouth east of the rural locality of Nyuzim.
 The Comănița River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
 The Teașcu River is a tributary of the Dresleuca River in Romania.
 The Hochalt (Italian: Monte Alto) is a mountain in the Saldurkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Birnie Loch is located in North East Fife Scotland adjacent to the crossroads between the A91 and B937 roads. It is entirely artificial in nature being a flooded pit formerly used for the extraction of sand or gravel.The extraction company decided to present the exhausted flooded pit to the local authority as a potential public resource.
 The Markha (Russian: Марха) is a river of Sakha Republic Russia a tributary of the Lena River.
 Skarstind (official form on maps: Skardstinden) is a prominent part of the Galdhøpiggen mountain range in northwestern Jotunheimen Norway and is the sixth highest summit in the country. The mountain has three summits the main summit at 2373 meters above sea level Nåle the Needle at 2310 m and the small western summit at 2215 m.
 Loch Ken is 9-mile long freshwater loch in Dumfries and Galloway Scotland. It lies in the Glenkens where it is fed from the north by the Water of Ken and from the west by the Dee. It continues as the Dee south from Glenlochar where the water is held back by the Glenlochar Barrage.
 The Bonelli River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Pimpama River is a river situated in South East Queensland with its catchment located in the northern part of Gold Coast City. It is bounded by the Logan/Albert River catchment to the north the Coomera River catchment to the south and the Broadwater in the east. The Pimpama River originates in the Darlington Range and major tributaries of the river include Hotham Creek and McCoys Creek.
 The Torbido is a river in the Calabria region of southern Italy. It might have been the Sagra river of classical antiquity. It rises in the mountains of the Aspromonte National Park and flows in a southeastern direction. It drains into the Ionian Sea at Marina di Gioiosa Ionica after a course of 18 kilometers.
 Beinn Mheadhoin is a mountain in Scotland. By some counts it is the tenth highest mountain of Great Britain. It lies in the very heart of the Cairngorm mountains and is one of the most remote hills in the region.The summit is broad and flat. It is noted for its summit tors; large boulders left by retreating ice sheets at the end of the last ice age.
 Cheese Cave is a lava tube located in Gifford Pinchot National Forest just southwest of Trout Lake Washington. It is approximately 2060 feet (628 m) in length a mostly flat floor 25 feet (8 m) wide and is 45 feet (14 m) to 60 feet (18 m) high.Official reports cite the cave as being discovered 1894 by Joseph Arnie a local resident. The cave was first used for storing potatoes and later cheese.
 The Anabar River (Russian: Анабар) is a river in Sakha Russia located just west of the Lena River. Its catchment extends into the Putoran Mountains that form the highest part of the Central Siberian Plateau.Its mean annual discharge is approximately 500 cubic metres per second concentrated heavily in early summer when the ice that covers the river for most of the year thaws.
 Lone Wolf Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 35 km (22 mi) north of Tofino and 11 km (7 mi) south of Splendor Mountain.
 Lowes Loch The Lochs (NS 37754 55688) or Loch of Hill is now a small natural freshwater loch in the North Ayrshire Council Areas (KA15 2JR) lying in a glacial 'Kettle hole' once of greater extent lying below Brownmuir and Lochland Hills on the Threepwood Road near Beith in the Parish of Beith. The loch may once have had a small island within it.
 The Arno Trail (German: Arnoweg) is an approximately 1200-km long-distance trail through the Austrian Alps. The highest point is atop the Sonnblick (3106 m.) near Bad Gastein and in total the trail has over 57000 m. of elevation gain. The highest elevations are in the western portion of the trail in the Kalkberge Pinzgauer Grasberge and Keesberge. The Arno Trail forms a loop which passes through such towns as Salzburg Neukirchen Bad Gastein and Nußdorf.
 Steinkopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Nordliskampen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 The Coasta Benghii River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 The Furggeltihorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking the Zervreilasee in the canton of Graubünden.
 Étale is a mountain of Savoie and Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Aravis range. It has an elevation of 2484 metres above sea level.
 Češka koča na Spodnjih Ravneh (1542 m) is a mountain hut which lies on krnica Spodnje Ravni over plateau Ravenske Kočne under northern part of Grintovec and Dolgi hrbet. It was built in 1900 by Czechs from Prague and is named after them. In 1970s it was renovated but the Czech architectural style remained.Huts gorundskeeper Tone Karničar is a cousin of Slovenian extreme skier Davo Karničar.
 Riedenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Șipotele River is a tributary of the Izvorul Negru River in Romania.
 Tramser See is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 31.9 m its surface area is 0.26 km².
 The Kinsley Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County Nevada.
 The Ritzihorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Reckingen in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range south of the Galmihorn.
 The Chișcovata River is a tributary of the Vorona River in Romania.
 The Verdele River is a tributary of the Câlneș River in Romania.
 Raggedstone Hill is situated on the range of Malvern Hills that runs approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-south along the Herefordshire-Worcestershire border. Raggedstone Hill lies close to the borders of Herefordshire Worcestershire and Gloucestershire. It has an elevation of 254 metres (833 ft).The northern flank of the hill lies on the southern side of the Hollybush pass from where its summit is a brisk 15–20 minutes steep walk from the nearby Hollybush car park.
 Little Bear Mountain is a basaltic Pleistocene age tuya in the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains that adjoins Hoodoo Mountain to the north. Little Bear Mountain is part of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province.
 The Rio Grande (Jujuy) is a river of Argentina.
 Hornbeker Mühlenbach is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Kramerspitz (or The Kramer) is a mountain overlooking the Garmisch side of Garmisch-Partenkirchen in Bavaria Germany. It forms the most visible western boundary of the Loisach River Valley. It stands across the valley from the Wank to the east on the Partenkirchen side.
 Sof Omar Cave is the longest cave in Ethiopia at 15.1 kilometres (9.4 mi) long; sources claim it is the longest system of caves in Africa and ranks as the 306th longest in the world. It is situated to the east of Robe in the Bale Zone of the Oromia Region in southeastern Ethiopia (6°55′N 40°45′E) through which the Weyib River (Gestro River) flows. It sinks at the Ayiew Maco entrance and reappears at the Holuca resurgence 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) away.
 The English River is a river in Kenora District and Thunder Bay District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It flows through Lac Seul to join the Winnipeg River as a right tributary. The river is in the Hudson Bay drainage basin is 615 kilometres (382 mi) long and has a drainage basin of 52300 square kilometres (20200 sq mi).
 The Takou River (in its upper reaches called the Takou Stream) is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally east from its sources east of Kaeo to reach the Pacific Ocean at Takou Bay 15 kilometres north of Kerikeri.
 The Stroudwater River is a 15.2-mile-long (24.5 km) river located mostly in Cumberland County Maine. The river begins as a small stream at Duck Pond in Buxton and grows as it flows through Buxton Gorham Westbrook and finally Portland before emptying into the Fore River near Portland's Stroudwater neighborhood.
 The Hope Valley Reservoir is a 2.84-gigalitre (620-million-imperial- or 750-million-US-gallon) service reservoir in Hope Valley South Australia a suburb of Adelaide South Australia.When completed in 1873 it was the second reservoir constructed in Adelaide; it is the oldest still in use in South Australia. It covers 52 hectares (128 acres) and is retained behind a 950-metre (3117 ft) long clay-cored earth wall. Water is transferred from the River Torrens via a tunnel and aqueduct.
 The Six des Eaux Froides is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Anzère in the canton of Valais. It lies in the massif of the Wildhorn between the Lac des Audannes and the Lac de Tseuzier.
 Chao Lake or Chao Hu (Chinese: 巢湖; pinyin: Cháo Hú) is a lake located at the juncture of Chaohu and Hefei cities in Anhui Province China. It is the largest lake in Anhui and one of the five largest freshwater lakes in China. Mushan Island is situated within the lake. About 5 million people live near the lake and use it for irrigation transportation and fishing. Heavy use of the lake in recent years has led to eutrophication and silting.
 The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Vişeu river in Romania.
 Birch Mountain or Paokrung (Northern Paiute for Mountain of Stone) is one of the fifty highest peaks of California. Of the major peaks of the Palisades it stands furthest from the Sierra Crest.Judging by its few summit register entries it is climbed far less than its nearby fourteener neighbors on the crest.But its placement on the Sierra Peaks Section list adds to its appeal to peak baggers and its low technical demand makes it a rewarding ski mountaineering destination.
 O'Higgins Glacier is a glacier located in Bernardo O'Higgins National Park Chile. It is one of the principal glaciers of the Southern Patagonian Ice Field. The summit of the active Lautaro volcano is the top of the accumulation zone of the glacier. The bulk of the glacier is part of the icefield plateau. It flows eastward into O'Higgins Lake and is about 2 km (1.2 mi) wide at the terminus.
 Maljen (pronounced [mâʎɛn]) is a mountain in western Serbia just south of the city of Valjevo. It is well known as a summer and winter resort. The highest peak is Kraljev Sto at 1104 m above sea level followed by Crni Vrh at 1096 m. On Maljen is situated resort Divčibare with 3 hotels 24 holiday camps two mountain lodges and two ski trails.
 Jauaperi River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Benedict Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 462.Benedict Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Rock Slide Lake and Three Island Lake are upstream of Benedict Lake.
 The Cedar River is a 38.5-mile-long (62.0 km) river in the central Adirondacks in Hamilton County New York. It rises at the outlet of the Cedar Lakes in the town of Arietta and flows northeast into the town of Lake Pleasant where it passes through the Cedar River Flow. Continuing northeast and east it passes through the town of Indian Lake and remote corners of the towns of Minerva and Newcomb to join the Hudson River northeast of the hamlet of Indian Lake.
 Cultus Lake is a lake in Deschutes County Oregon. Formed by a glacier it is located in the high Cascade Range in the Deschutes National Forest. The name is from the Chinook Jargon and means variously bad or worthless or simply in vain.In the early 19th century the lakes in this area abounded with beavers. The earliest explorers to this area were primarily on a quest for furs.
 Bald Rock is a granite batholith located in Butte County California in the Plumas National Forest.Located close to Lake Oroville the dome peak overlooks Sacramento Valley and coastal mountain ranges.
 Snake Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country east of the community of Zionville. Its elevation reaches 5564 feet (1696 m).The mountain generates several feeder streams to the North Fork New River (via Maine Branch) South Fork New River (via Meat Camp Creek) and Watauga River (via Cove Creek).
 The Jackson Creek (sometimes incorrectly spelled as Jacksons Creek) is a watercourse of the Port Phillip catchment located in the outer northern suburbs of Melbourne in the Australian state of Victoria.
 Gros Mont is an alp and mountain pass of the Swiss Alps located south of Charmey in the canton of Fribourg. The alp lies at the upper end of the Vallée du Gros Mont just north of a 1404 metre high pass connecting Charmey with Rougemont (in the canton of Vaud). This mountain pass on the watershed between the Jogne and the upper Sarine is the lowest point between the massifs of the Vanil Noir and the Gastlosen.
 Easaval (Scottish Gaelic: Easabhal) is one of the smallest hills on the island of South Uist in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland with a height of 243 metres (797 ft). It is a small rounded hill located south of Lochboisdale near Pollachar in the southernmost part of South Uist overlooking the Sound of Barra.There are good views from the top including distant views of St Kilda on the northwestern horizon almost 60 miles away.
 Gubyeongsan is a mountain of Chungcheongbuk-do South Korea. It has an elevation of 876 metres.
 Hinterbach (Finkenbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Pappinbarra River a perennial stream of the Hastings River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Black Mountain elevation 13864 ft (4226 m) is a summit in the Front Range of central Colorado. The peak is in the Pike National Forest north east of Salida.
 Starina reservoir is a water reservoir in eastern Slovakia Snina District located in the Poloniny National Park. It is the most important source of drinking water in the area built on the headwaters of the river Cirocha. Building started in 1981. 3463 inhabitants were evacuated from 769 dwellings from the 7 following villages (Starina Dara Ostružnica Smolník Ruské Veľká Poľana and Zvala). The total surface of the water reservoir Starina is 240 ha.
 The North Branch Blackwater River is a 6.4-mile-long (10.3 km) river in Squa Pan Township (Township 10 Range 4 WELS) Aroostook County Maine. From its source (46°29′25″N 68°11′29″W) the stream runs west to its confluence with the South Branch to form the Blackwater River. Via the Blackwater River St. Croix Stream and the Aroostook River the North Branch is part of the St. John River watershed.
 Toisvesi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is situated in the municipality of Virrat in the Pirkanmaa region in western Finland. The lake is part of the Kokemäenjoki basin and a part of a chain of lakes that consist among others of the lakes Ähtärinjärvi Toisvesi and Tarjanne which in its turn drains into the Lake Ruovesi. The lake is quite deep by mean depth and the deepest point is 85 meters under the surface.
 The Do Meio River (Bahia Corrente River) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Tumey Hills are a low mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges in western Fresno County California.
 Frostisen is a glacier on the border of the municipalities of Ballangen and Narvik in Nordland county Norway. It is one of the larger plateau glaciers in Norway. Frostisen covers an area of about 25 square kilometres (9.7 sq mi). The elevation of the glacier ranges from 840 to 1710 metres (2760 to 5610 ft) above sea level. The glacier lies near the Skjomen fjord a branch of the Ofotfjord just southwest of the city Narvik.
 Köthener See is a lake in Landkreis Dahme-Spreewald Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 43 m its surface area is 1.48 km². It is located in the municipality of Märkisch Buchholz Dahme-Spreewald district.
 Chiginagak Volcano is a stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula located about 15 km NW of Chiginagak Bay.
 The Macambira River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Westliche Karwendelspitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. It is located on the border of Bavaria and North Tyrol.
 National grid reference NS27609150Auchengaich Reservoir was created in 1942 through the construction of an earthfill dam built by the military to supply water to Helensburgh and the Gareloch during World War II.
 The Shiguan River(Chinese: 史灌河; pinyin: ShǐGuàn Hé) is a tributary of the Huai River. The Shiguan River is located in the south of Henan province in central China.It is a tributary via the Huai River of the Yangtze River (Chang Jiang).
 The River Ainse (or Eyn) is a small river in the county of Norfolk. It is a tributary of the River Wensum which it merges with at Lenwade. The River Ainse has several tributaries also.
 The Rhenish Massif (German: Rheinisches Schiefergebirge: Rhenish Slate Range) is a geologic massif in western Germany eastern Belgium Luxembourg and northeastern France.The Rhenish Massif consists of the Belgian and French Ardennes the German Eifel and east of the river Rhine the Sauerland and Siegerland. The Mosel and Hunsrück hills form its southwestern part the Westerwald Lahn-Dill area and the Taunus occupy the southeastern part.
 Bynack More (Scottish Gaelic: A' Bheithneag Mhòr or Beinn Bheithneag) is a Scottish Mountain that is situated in the Cairngorms range 16 kilometres east-south-east of the town of Aviemore in the Highland region.
 Geierstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Maca River is a tributary of the Valea Nouă River in Romania.
 The Valea Nouă River or Valea cea Mare River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania. The lower reach of the river is channelized
 Over Water is a small lake or tarn in the north of the English Lake District near the village of Longlands. Although only a fifteen-minute drive from Keswick it is quieter than many of the better-known lakes. Binsey Great Cockup and Longlands Fell overlook the lake.Over Water was a small natural waterbody which was dammed in 1904 to increase its capacity. It now serves as a drinking water reservoir to supply the town of Wigton. The dam is at the northern end.
 Lexell is a lunar crater that lies across the southeastern rim of the huge walled plain Deslandres in the southern part of the Moon. To the northeast is the walled plain Walther and to the south is Orontius another walled plain.This is a somewhat irregular formation with a wide break in the northern rim. The western rim forms a low arcing wall and is overlain to the southwest by Lexell H after passing the rim of Deslandres.
 Tinker's Creek in Cuyahoga Summit and Portage counties is the largest tributary of the Cuyahoga River providing about a third of its flow into Lake Erie.
 The Boboșița River is a tributary of the Valea Nouă River in Romania.
 Hot Creek starting as Mammoth Creek is a stream in Mono County of eastern California in the Western United States. It is within the Inyo National Forest.
 The Gangabal Lake (Urdu:-ﮔﻨﮕﺒﻞ ﺟﮭﻴﻞ) also called Gangbal Lake is a lake situated at the foothills of Mount Haramukh (the highest mountain peak in the vicinity of Kashmir valley) in Ganderbal district north of Srinagar city in the state of Jammu and Kashmir India. It is an alpine high altitude oligotrophic lake home to many species of fish including the brown trout.The lake has a maximum length of two and a half kilometres and maximum width of one kilometre.
 The Aiguille de Borderan (2492 m) is a mountain in the Aravis Massif in Savoie and Haute-Savoie France.
 Định Bình Lake (Vietnamese: Hồ Định Bình) is a large artificial freshwater lake in Vĩnh Thạnh District Bình Định Province Vietnam. Work began creating the dam on Côn River in May 2003. It has a capacity of 226 million cubic metres. The lake and dam are expected to provide irrigation for some 12545 hectares (over 48 square miles).
 Lake Arrowhead is an artificial lake in the towns of Waterboro and Limerick in York County Maine United States. The lake is an impoundment on the Little Ossipee River which flows northeast to the Saco River in Limington. Lake Arrowhead has a surface area of approximately 1100 acres (4.5 km2). It is surrounded by the large residential Lake Arrowhead Community.
 The Verdigris River /ˈvɜrdɨɡrɪs/ is a tributary of the Arkansas River in southeastern Kansas and northeastern Oklahoma in the United States. It is about 310 miles (500 km) long. Via the Arkansas it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 The Livadica River is a small tributary of the Danube in Serbia.
 Mount Keith is a mountain on the crest of California's Sierra Nevada between Mount Bradley to the north and Junction Peak to the southwest. Its north and west facing slopes feed the Kings River watershed by way of Bubbs Creek and its east and south slopes feed the Owens River via Shepherd Creek. By the same dividing line Keith stands on the boundary of Kings Canyon National Park to the northwest and the John Muir Wilderness to the southeast.
 Linné is a small lunar impact crater located in the western Mare Serenitatis. The mare around this feature is virtually devoid of other features of interest. The nearest named crater is Banting to the east-southeast.The estimated age of this crater is only a few tens of millions of years. It was earlier believed to have a bowl shape but data from the LRO showed that it has a shape of a flattened inverted cone. The crater is surrounded by a blanket of ejecta formed during the original impact.
 The Cereda Pass (Italian: Passo Cereda) (1361 m) is a high mountain pass in the southern Dolomites between the provinces of Trentino and Belluno in Italy.It connects Agordo in the Cordevole valley and Fiera di Primiero. The pass road has a maximum grade of 15%. The Dolomite Highway 2 traverses the pass.
 The Glenamaddy Turlough is located east of the town of Glenamaddy County Galway in Ireland. A turlough is a seasonal lake which usually dries up in summer. Glenamaddy Turlough lies alongside the R362 regional road in the outskirts of the town and there is a car park and viewing area on the lake-shore.The town of Glenamaddy is reputed to get its name from the shape of the lake in winter which is said to resemble a dog.
 Rich Mountain is a mountain located in the North Carolina High Country northwest of the town of Boone. Its elevation reaches 4741 feet (1445 m).The mountain is sometimes confused with Howard Knob which is to its immediate east; sharing the same ridge to the west is Snakeden Mountain.
 Uts or Vuts River (Belorussian:Уць or Вуць Russian:Уть) a river in Homyel Voblast in Belarus.Its length is 75 km. Uts River flow on territory of Dobrush Raion and Homiel Raion. Uts is a left tributary of Sozh River.
 Terminio is a mountain of Campania Italy. It has an elevation of 1786 metres above sea level.
 The Borrachudo River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Merișoara River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 The Secătura River is a tributary of the Creţu River in Romania.
 Okabena Creek is a 40-mile-long (64 km) waterway in southern Minnesota. It is a tributary via the short Diversion Creek of Heron Lake the outlet of which flows to the Des Moines River. Okabena Creek begins in Worthington Minnesota connecting by a ditch to the outlet of Okabena Lake then flows northeast past the towns of Brewster and Okabena to the Heron Lake/South Heron Lake system.
 Smoothwater Lake is a lake in Timiskaming District Northeastern Ontario Canada located in Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater Provincial Park. It is the source of the Montreal River.
 Wentwood (Welsh: Coed Gwent) is a forested area of hills rising to 309 metres (1014 ft) in Monmouthshire South Wales. It is located to the north east of and partly within the boundaries of the city of Newport.
 Mount Kazbek (Georgian: ყაზბეგის მყინვარწვერი (Kazbegis Mkinvartsveri) Ossetian: Сæна (Sæna) Ingush: Башлоам (Bashloam) Russian: Казбек) is a dormant stratovolcano and one of the major mountains of the Caucasus located in the Kazbegi District of Georgia and North Ossetia (Russia). It is the third highest mountain in Georgia (after Mount Shkhara and Janga) and the seventh highest peak in the Caucasus Mountains.
 Ziemenbach is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Queen Elizabeth Range (83°20′S 161°30′E) is a rugged mountain range in Antarctica paralleling the eastern side of Marsh Glacier for nearly 160 km (100 mi) from Nimrod Glacier in the north to Law Glacier in the south. Mount Markham (4350 m) is the highest elevation in the range.Named by J.H. Miller of the New Zealand party of the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition (1956-58) who with G.W. Marsh explored this area. It was named for Queen Elizabeth II the patron of the expedition.
 Westover Down is a chalk down on the Isle of Wight. It is located close to the village of Brook in the southwest of the island and rises to 205 metres at its highest point northeast of the village.
 Mount Van Hoevenberg is a summit point located in the Adirondack Mountains in the Town of North Elba Essex County New York 9 miles (15 km) east-southeast of the village of Lake Placid. Named for Henry Van Hoevenberg (1849–1918) it is best known for the location of the bobsleigh luge and skeleton track and of a network of cross-country ski trails.
 The Cocean River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Schlechteberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Stockhorn (3212 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Baltschieder in the canton of Valais. It overlooks the Baltschiedertal and lies south of the Bietschhorn.On the south side of the mountain is located the Stockhornbiwak (2598 m) a mountain shelter operated by the Swiss Alpine Club.
 The King George V Reservoir also known as King George's Reservoir is located in the London Borough of Enfield and is part of the Lee Valley Reservoir Chain that supplies London with drinking water. The storage reservoir is bordered by Sewardstone and Chingford to the east and Brimsdown and Ponders End to the west and covers 420 acres (170 hectares) making it the largest in London.
 The Pesa is a river in Tuscany central Italy. It has a length of 53 km and after crossing the provinces of Siena and Florence flows into the Arno River near Montelupo Fiorentino[citation needed].
 Crawford Lake is a lake in the Magnetawan River drainage basin in the township of Magnetawan Almaguin Highlands region Parry Sound District Ontario Canada. It is about 1.7 kilometres (1.1 mi) long and 1 kilometre (0.6 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 279 metres (915 ft). The primary inflows are the Neighick River and Wylie Creek. The primary outflow is a channel to Beaver Lake which flows via The Narrows channel into Ahmic Lake on the Magnetawan River and thence into Lake Huron.
 The Das Balsas River (Bahia) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Reci River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 Dean Lake is a lake of Colchester County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Kanithi Balancing Reservoir (KBR) is a reservoir in Ukkunagaram Visakhapatnam India. It's the water source for the entire vizag steel plant and steel plant township.This large mass of water reservoir is for the captive consumption of the plant and the township alike and sits between the Township and the NH5. It draws its water from a special canal built exclusively for it from the River Yeleru flowing in East Godavari district.
 Little Econlockhatchee River (or Little Econ River) is a major tributary of the Econlockhatchee River. It originates at an unnamed lake at 28°33′47″N 81°17′00″W near Orlando Florida in southeast Orange County. It is approximately 18 miles (29 km) long from unincorporated Orange County to its mouth at Oviedo. It is located within the Middle St. Johns River Basin of the St. Johns River Water Management District. It is similar to the Econlockhatchee with a forest in its floodplain.
 Shōwa-shinzan (昭和新山 Shōwa-shinzan) is a volcanic lava dome in the Shikotsu-Toya National Park Hokkaidō Japan next to Mount Usu. The mountain was created between 1944 and 1945. Initially a series of strong earthquakes shook the area and wheat fields were rapidly uplifted. Lava broke through the surface and the current peak was created.
 The Nanya River is the primary right tributary of the middle Dadu River (Dadu He) — in Sichuan Province southern China. The Dadu is a tributary of the upper Yangtze River (Chang Jiang).The Nanya River borders Mianning County and Shimian County and is interrupted by the Yele Dam.
 Little Grand Lake is a lake of Hants County Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Fence River is a 17.4-mile-long (28.0 km) river in Iron County Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of the Michigamme River joining it in the Michigamme Reservoir.The name of Fence River is derived from a translation of the Indian word mitchigan referring to a wooden fence constructed near its banks by the Indians for catching deer.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Santău River in Romania.
 The Saint-Maurice River flows North to South in central Quebec from Gouin Reservoir to empty into the Saint Lawrence River at Trois-Rivières Quebec. From its source at Gouin Reservoir located at the same latitude as the Lac Saint-Jean the river has a total drop of about 405 meters to finally reach the river Trois-Rivières. The river is 563 km in length and has a drainage basin of 43300 km² (16700 mile²). Saint-Maurice river is one of the most important tributaries of St.
 Broken River is a river in the South Island of New Zealand. It drains into the Waimakariri River due north of the town of Springfield.The Broken River Ski Area is in the catchment area of the river. The Broken River Cave is on Cave Stream a tributary of Broken River.
 The Hozameen Range (spelled Hozomeen Range in the United States) is a mountain range in southwestern British Columbia and northern Washington straddling the division between the Coast and Interior regions of that province. It is a subrange of the North Cascades and is neighboured on the east by the Okanagan Range and on the northwest by the unofficially-named Coquihalla Range which lies between that river and the Fraser.
 Quchapampa (Quechua qucha lake pampa a large plain lake plain hispanicized spelling Ccochabamba Jocha Pampa) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Lucanas Province Aucara District. It is situated at a height of about 3222 m (10571 ft) near Aucara.
 The Kubnya (Russian: Кубня Chuvash: Кĕтне Tatar Cyrillic: Гөбенә Latin: Göbenä) is a river in Chuvashia and Tatarstan Russian Federation a left-bank tributary of the Sviyaga River. Its length is 176 km (121 of them in Tatarstan) and its drainage basin is 2480 km². It origins in Chuvashia and falls to the Sviyaga River 4 km south of Burunduki.Major tributary is Uryum River. The maximal mineralization is 500-800 mg/l. Average sediment in mouth per year is 92 mm.
 Emperor Range is a mountain range in northern part of the island of Bougainville Papua New Guinea at about 5.75°S 154.9166667°E﻿ / -5.75; 154.9166667. Several volcanoes are located in the range including highest point of the island - Mount Balbi.
 The Colbu River is a tributary of the Băiţa River in Romania.
 The Balele River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Washford River rises at 600 feet (183 m) near Luxborough in the Brendon Hills and flows through Somerset to the Bristol Channel at Watchet.The river valley passes through the Cleeve Hill Site of Special Scientific Interest and close to Cleeve Abbey.
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Nadoşa River in Romania.
 The Lanyang River (Chinese: 蘭陽溪; pinyin: Lányáng Xī) is a river in northeast Taiwan. It flows through Yilan County for 73 kilometers.
 The Aluniș River is a tributary of the Bertea River in Romania.
 Monte Lema (1621 m) is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. Its summit can easily reached by cable car from the village of Miglieglia (Ticino).
 The Dragomirna River is a tributary of the Mitocu River in Romania which it joins about 100 m upstream of the confluence of the Mitocu and Suceava rivers.
 Mirror Pond is an impoundment of the Deschutes River in Bend Oregon U.S. It is located between Pacific Power’s Bend Hydro dam and the Colorado dam between RM 166 and 167. The pond is flanked by Drake Harmon Pageant Brooks Columbia Miller’s Landing and McKay parks as well as a number of buildings such as Pine Tavern and private homes.
 The Pârâul Teiului is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 The Ocmulgee River (ok-MUHL-gee) is a tributary of the Altamaha River approximately 255 mi (410 km) long in the U.S. state of Georgia. Noted for its relatively unspoiled and gentle current it provides the principal drainage for a large section of the Piedmont and coastal plain of central Georgia.
 The Palincăria River is a tributary of the Valea Nouă River in Romania.
 The Saint Louis River (abbreviated St. Louis River) is a river in the U.S. states of Minnesota and Wisconsin that flows into Lake Superior. The largest U.S. river to flow into the lake it is 192 miles (309 km) in length and starts 13 miles (21 km) east of Hoyt Lakes Minnesota. The river's watershed covers 3634 square miles (9410 km2).
 Black Pine Peak at 9386 feet (2861 m) above sea level is a peak in the Black Pine Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest in Cassia County. It is located about 1.3 mi (2.1 km) south of Black Pine Mountains High Point. No roads or trails go to the summit.
 Great Pubnico Lake is a lake of Argyle municipality in south-western Nova Scotia Canada.It is home to many camps and cabins and common Canadian wildlife such as Loons and Snapping Turtles.Due to the lack of any lights and civilization nearby the lake makes a great stargazing spot.
 Necho is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon and therefore cannot be seen directly from the Earth. It lies to the northeast of the larger crater Langemak and about a crater diameter to the south-southwest of Bečvář.The most distinctive aspect of this crater is the prominent ray system that surrounds the outer rim.
 Boren [ˈbuːrɛn] is a lake in Östergötland east of Motala 73 m above sea level. It covers an area of 28 km² and is at most 14 meters deep. It forms a part of the Göta Canal and has given its name to Borensberg.
 The Tanaru River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Pico da Vara is the highest mountain on the Portuguese island of São Miguel in the Azores archipelago of Macaronesia in the Atlantic Ocean. It lies in the east of the island in the Serra da Tronqueira range in the municipality of Nordeste. The area around the mountain includes the largest remaining stand of the native laurisilva forest on the island which is home to the critically endangered endemic bird species the Azores Bullfinch.
 The Cane River is a river in the Pilbara of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise west of the Hamersley Range. The river flows in a north-westerly direction through the Cane River Conservation Park and over the Onslow Coastal Plain then discharges into the Indian Ocean near Yardie Landing approximately 35 kilometres (22 mi) north-east of Onslow.The river is considered to be dendritic with no major tributaries numerous wells exist within the catchment area.
 The Iazu Topilelor River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 The Narraguagus River is a river located in the U.S. state of Maine with its mouth in the Narraguagus Bay of the Gulf of Maine. It flows through the town of Cherryfield and was formerly well known for its sport fly fishing for Atlantic salmon. This was a traditional highlight of late spring with anglers gathering from afar for the Memorial Day weekend fishing kick-off.
 The Rivière Capot is a river of Martinique.
 The Buffalo Fork is a river that begins in the Teton Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The river has a north and south branch both of which begin immediately west of the Continental Divide. Buffalo Fork travels southwest into Grand Teton National Park and empties into the Snake River adjacent to Moran Wyoming. Buffalo Fork has a watershed which covers 323 square miles (840 km2).
 The Rappehorn (also known as Mittaghorn) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located in the canton of Valais west of the Blinnenhorn.
 The Berila River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Hesselberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The name Western Alps refers to the western part of the Alpine range. The term has different meanings according to the classification of the Alps in use. The peaks and mountain passes are higher compared to the Eastern Alps while the range itself is not so broad and more arched.
 Loch Achaidh na h-Inich is a freshwater loch in Scotland located around 3km south-south-east of Plockton 2km east of Duirinish 2km north-north-east of Balmacara and half a kilometre south-east of Loch Lundie. It is host to a small Crannog in the northern end of the loch and is a common hiking destination from Balmacara.
 Scoat Fell is a fell in the western part of the English Lake District. It stands at the head of the Mosedale Horseshoe with its back to Ennerdale. Paths lead to Scoat Fell from Ennerdale over Steeple from Wasdale over Red Pike and along the ridge from Pillar.
 The Gila Bend Mountains are a 35-mile (56 km) long mountain range of the north-central Sonoran Desert southwest of Phoenix Arizona and in southwest Maricopa County.The Gila River of New Mexico and Arizona transects the entire state of Arizona and the watershed covers about 65% of Arizona. The famous Gila Bend of the river changes the west-southwest flow to south-flowing then back to west-flowing.
 Bis Ii Ah Wash is a stream located in Apache County Arizona southwest of the census-designated place of Nazlini. The name was collected by the United States Geological Survey between 1976 and 1980 and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on February 8 1980.
 The Boyne River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in the Central Plains and Pembina Valley Regions of Manitoba Canada.
 The Pârâul Rece is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 Lyman Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington and is just northeast of Chiwawa Mountain. Between the years 1890 and 2008 Lyman Glacier has retreated 1310 m (4300 ft) and lost 86 percent of its area a reduction in its surface from 1.41 to .02 km2 (0.5444 to 0.0077 sq mi). Lyman Glacier terminates at a proglacial lake and a series of smaller lakes as well as a pronounced terminal moraine indicate where the glacier once extended to.
 Doi Suthep (ดอยสุเทพ) is a mountain located in Chiang Mai Province Thailand. It is 1676 m tall and is one of the twin peaks of a granite mountain located west of Chiang Mai. The other peak is known as Doi Pui and is slightly taller (1685 m).Doi Suthep is located 15 km away from Chiang Mai city centre. Most of the bedrock of the mountain is granite. The vegetation below c. 1000 m is mostly deciduous forest and evergreen above this height.
 Marisa River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 The Fundoaia River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 The Koko River is a river in the Rutsiro District of western Rwanda that flows into Lake Kivu.It is one of the main rivers draining the western Rwandan mountains into Lake Kivu the other being the Sebeya River.During the colonial era the river defined the boundary between the Kibuye and Gisenyi Prefectures.The settlements of Gasiza and Murunda are close to the Koko's convergence with the Rwishwa River.
 Khumbila or Khumbu Yül-Lha roughly translated as God of Khumbu is one of the high Himalayan peaks in the Khumbu region of Eastern Nepal within the boundaries of Sagarmatha National Park. Considered too sacred to be climbed by most local Sherpa people the mountain is considered home to the patron God of the local area.
 The Queets River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. It is located on the Olympic Peninsula mostly within the Olympic National Park and empties into the Pacific Ocean.The Queets River is 52.8 miles (85.0 km) long. Its drainage basin is 204 square miles (530 km2) in area. Its main tributaries include the Clearwater River Salmon River Sams River Matheny Creek and Tshetshy Creek as well as the Clearwater's main tributaries the Snahapish River and Solleks River.
 The Hindu Raj is a mountain range in northern Pakistan between the Hindu Kush and the Karakoram ranges. Its highest peak is Koyo Zom 6872 m (22546 ft). Other notable peaks include Buni Zom and Ghamubar Zom. The range is less well-known than its neighbors partly because of the absence of any 8000 or 7000 meter peaks.
 The Black Pine Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S. states of Idaho (~65%) and Utah (~35%) spanning Cassia County Idaho and reaching into Box Elder County Utah. The highest point in the range is known as Black Pine Mountains High Point sometimes referred to as Black Peak at 9395 feet (2864 m) and the range is a part of the Great Basin Divide and the Basin and Range Province.
 The Stikine Icecap (sometimes referred to as the Stikine Icefield) is a large icefield straddled on the Alaska–British Columbia boundary in the Alaska Panhandle region. It lies in the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains.
 The Valea Țiganului River is a tributary of the Valea Seacă River in Romania.
 The Valea Hotarului River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 Lake Somerset is an artificial lake created by the Somerset Dam on the Stanley River in South East Queensland. The dam was completed in 1953 providing flood mitigation and water storage for the cities of Brisbane and Ipswich and is the site of a small 4 MW hydroelectric power station.At full capacity the lake holds 904000 megalitres. Under normal conditions 380000 megalitres is reserved for water supply but the dam can hold another 524000 megalitres to temporarily store flood waters.
 Oberwiesengraben is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Khvol'son is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies just to the east-southeast of the large walled plain Pasteur. Less than a crater diameter to the north-northeast of Khvol'son is the crater Meitner and just to the east-southeast lies Kondratyuk.This crater has a roughly circular outer rim that is not overlaid by any impacts of significance. The inner walls appear as simple slopes down to the interior floor. Within the crater is a small crater in the northeastern quadrant of the floor.
 The Urlea River is a tributary of the Pojorta River in Romania.
 Mount Mangin is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after Mangin Charles Emmanuel.
 The Marble Arch Caves are a series of natural limestone caves located near the village of Florencecourt in County Fermanagh Northern Ireland. The caves are named after the nearby Marble Arch a natural limestone arch at the upstream end of Cladagh Glen under which the Cladagh River flows.The caves are formed from three rivers draining off the northern slopes of Cuilcagh mountain which combine underground to form the Cladagh.
 The Bulha River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Watch Tower is a (12331-foot (3758 m)) mountain located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Watch Tower is on the west side of the Cirque of the Towers a popular climbing area and is just southeast of Block Tower. Watch Tower is immediately east of the Continental Divide.
 The Gurban River is a tributary of the Neajlov River in Romania.
 Columbia Lake is a lake near Portage in Columbia County Wisconsin United States. It is fed by the Wisconsin River and receives warm water discharged from a nearby power plant. As a result the portion of the lake to the west of a dividing bank of earth is 70 to 85 °F or circa 20 to 30 °C year round with a dense cover of fog in colder weather. This temperature prevents many types of lake weeds from growing. The lake is stocked with various types of fish and contains an uncommon hybrid bass.
 The Rif or Riff (Tamazight Arif جبال الريف) is a mainly mountainous region of northern Morocco with some fertile plains stretching from Cape Spartel and Tangier in the west to Ras Kebdana and the Melwiyya River in the east and from the Mediterranean in the north to the river of Wergha in the south.The region's name comes from the Berber word Arif.
 The Țibleș River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
 The Benia River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 Dardanelles Cone is a mountain peak in the Carson-Iceberg Wilderness on the Stanislaus National Forest. It lies near Sonora Pass in the Sierra Nevada of California. It is between State Route 4 and State Route 108.
 Tverråga is a river in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The river flows from lake Tverrvatnet north until it joins the river Ranelva. The river absorbs seven other rivers during its course the last one by Hamaren near Gruben.The Svenskvegen bridge connecting the European route E6 highway to the village of Gruben to the east marks a name change on the bridge.
 Schwarzbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Rice River (Big Fork River) is a river of Minnesota.
 North Hill Marsh Pond is a 38-acre (150000 m2) pond in Duxbury Massachusetts USA. The pond is the headwaters to the Back River. The pond is located northeast of Round Pond and north of Island Creek Pond. A wildlife sanctuary borders this pond to the south and the North Hill Country Club accessible via Merry Avenue off Route 14 borders this pond to the northeast. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants in the pond.
 Big Loch is a lake of Antigonish County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Plunkett Creek is a 6.6-mile-long (10.6 km) tributary of the Cumberland River in South Carthage Township Smith County Tennessee in the United States. Plunkett Creek flows generally north. Interstate 40 crosses it just before its confluence with the Cumberland River at Beasley's Bend just east of the unincorporated community of Rome. Its major tributary is Rawls Creek.The creek has also been known as Plunketts Creek according to the USGS Geographic Names Information System database.
 Eagle Lake is an elongated lake in shape located in the northern portion of Eagle Lake Florida. This lake is a natural freshwater lake with a 647-acre (2620000 m2) surface area. Eagle Lake is bordered by residences of Eagle Lake and Polk County.The City of Eagle Lake maintains a boat ramp dock and recreation area on the Eastern shore of Eagle Lake. Eagle Avenue leads directly into the public parking and access areas.
 The Calul River is a tributary of the Săldăbagiu River in Romania.
 Horno Creek is a creek that empties into the Pacific Ocean through Horno Canyon on the coast of northern San Diego County on the Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton. It lies south of Foley Creek and north of Las Flores Creek.
 The Cerami is a torrente in Sicily. It is located in the comune also named Cerami and flows near a town also bearing that name. It flows into the Salso River (the one that is a tributary of the Simeto).
 The Santo Onofre River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Gray Wolf Pass is a mountain pass in the Olympic Mountains in the state of Washington. It is in the Olympic National Park.
 Tullingesjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Saranac River is an 81-mile-long (130 km) river in the U.S. state of New York. In its upper reaches is a region of mostly flat water and lakes. The river has more than three dozen source lakes and ponds north of Upper Saranac Lake; the highest is Mountain Pond on Long Pond Mountain.
 The Diedrichshagener Berg at 129.8 metres is the highest point on the forested ridge of Kühlung in the northeast German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.It is located in the district of Rostock only roughly southeast of the Bay of Mecklenburg south of the Baltic Sea coast and immediately south of Kühlungsborn and roughly west of Bad Doberan.
 Winding Gulf is a 15.5-mile (24.9 km) long tributary of the Guyandotte River in Raleigh County. Winding Gulf is part of the Mississippi River watershed via the Guyandotte and Ohio Rivers and drains an area of 21.63 square miles (56.0 km2) in a rural area on the Allegheny Plateau.Winding Gulf's entire course and drainage area are in southern Raleigh County.
 Gräbelesberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 The Novo River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Cariboo Heart Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located between Ominicetla Creek and Lion Creek in northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Severn River is a river in northern Ontario. The northern Ontario river has its headwaters near the western border of the province. From the head of the Black Birch River the Severn River is 982 km (610 mi) long and its drainage basin is 102800 km² (39700 mile²) a small portion of which is in Manitoba.
 Lone Cone elevation 12618 ft (3846 m) is the westernmost summit in the San Miguel Mountains of the Uncompahgre National Forest in southwestern Colorado.
 Altersundet is a river in Sweden.
 Sprockhöveler Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Piray River is a river of Bolivia. Santa Cruz de la Sierra Bolivia's largest city by population is located on this river.
 Splityard Creek Dam of earth and rock construction forms the upper reservoir for a power station in the Somerset Region of South East Queensland Australia.Owned and operated by CS Energy Wivenhoe Power Station is located on the eastern side of Wivenhoe Dam north west of Brisbane. The station which began commercial operation in 1984 was Queensland’s first pumped storage hydro-electric plant.
 McDonald Peak (9820 feet (2993 m)) is located in the U.S. state of Montana and is the highest peak in the Mission Mountains. McDonald Peak is situated within the Flathead Indian Reservation. The peak has the second greatest topographic prominence (after Crazy Peak) of all summits within Montana and is almost 80 miles (130 km) away from the next highest mountain in the state.
 Edgbaston Reservoir originally known as Rotton Park Reservoir and referred to in some early maps as Rock Pool Reservoir is a canal feeder reservoir in the Ladywood district of Birmingham England. It is situated close to Birmingham City Centre and is a Site of Importance for Nature Conservation.
 LaBarge Rock in Chouteau County Montana (occasionally referred to as La Barge Rock) is a dramatic landform in the shape of a large rock column or pillar rising 150 feet from waters' edge of the Missouri River. Besides having a striking appearance LaBarge Rock is located in a picturesque riverside setting which has attracted artists and photographers over two centuries.
 Mount Geduhn (8375 feet (2553 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 The Groș River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania.'
 McClellan Butte is a prominent peak in the Cascade Range in King County Washington 11 miles east of North Bend. The McClellan Butte hiking trail is a difficult trail known as an alternative to Mount Si's crowded trail.
 Schnarrenberg (Stuttgart) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.The Schnarrenberg is a ridge in the north of Stuttgart between the districts of Munster and Zuffenhausen. The main part is on the denunciation of the city district of Münster.At its highest point (316 m above sea level. NN) is the Weather Bureau Stuttgart of the German Weather Service on its slopes is wine grown
 Lake Santa Fe is a 5850-acre (2370 ha) spring-fed lake in northeastern Alachua County Florida. The lake is located entirely in Alachua County but is bounded on the east side by Bradford County. The Alachua County boundary extends to the ordinary high water line (normally the shoreline) which is 141 feet (43 m) above mean sea level.It forms the headwaters of the Santa Fe River exiting from a little northern area (Little Lake Santa Fe) emptying into the Suwannee River.
 Laisbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Sauhügel is a 721.7 m high (above sea level) mountain located in the Thuringian Highland Thuringia (Germany).It is located close to the municipality of Lichte and the Leibis-Lichte Dam in the Saalfeld-Rudolstadt district in the Thuringian Forest Nature Park within walking distance of the Rennsteig.
 Lake DeForest is a reservoir in Clarkstown New York created in 1956 by impounding the Hackensack River that is part of the water supply for Rockland County New York and Northern New Jersey notably Bergen and Hudson counties. It was originally developed by the Hackensack Water Company which had been under the direction Robert W. de Forest from 1881 to 1926.
 The Tidal River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the Wilsons Promontory region of the Australian state of Victoria. A permanent camping ground that takes its name from the river which flows past the camping ground to the north is also called Tidal River.
 The Tsiv-Gombori (Georgian: ცივ-გომბორი) or Gombori (გომბორი) is a mountain range in the Georgian section of Greater Caucasus mountains. It is located in the province of Kakheti eastern Georgia and stretches to the distance of 107 km with the highest mountain being at 1.991 m above sea level. The Gombori range serves as a watershed separating the Alazani and Iori river valleys thereby dividing Kakheti into two traditional regions: inner (Shida) and outer (Gare).
 The Viemeșu River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 Ohrn is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Gorton Reservoirs are two reservoirs on the boundary of Tameside and Manchester in the North West of England. They are Gorton Upper Reservoir and Gorton Lower Reservoir. The upper and lower sections are separated by a road supported by a stone bridge consisting of a series of arches. They are owned and maintained by United Utilities. The reservoirs were completed between 1825 and 1826.
 Airy-0 is a crater on Mars whose location defines the position of the prime meridian of that planet. It is about 0.5 kilometres (0.31 mi) across and lies within the larger crater Airy in the region Sinus Meridiani.It was named in honor of the British Astronomer Royal Sir George Biddell Airy (1801-1892) who in 1850 built the transit circle telescope at Greenwich.
 The Eden Creek a perennial stream of the Richmond River catchment is located in Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales Australia.
 Elbbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Holboca River or Obaia River is a tributary of the Neajlov River in Romania.
 Wet Sleddale Reservoir is an artificial reservoir set amongst the Shap Fells 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) south of the village of Shap in Cumbria England and lies just within the boundary of the Lake District National Park. The triangular shaped reservoir which can store 2300 million litres of water was created by the construction of a dam across Sleddale Beck in order to supply Manchester with water.
 Lake Singkarak (Indonesian: Danau Singkarak) is a lake in West Sumatra Indonesia. It is located between the cities of Padang Panjang and Solok. It has an area of 107.8 km² being approximately 21 km long and 7 km wide. The natural outlet for excess water is the Ombilin river which flows eastward to the Strait of Malacca. A hydroelectric project however has diverted most of the lake outflow to the Anai river which flows westward into the Indian Ocean near Padang.
 The Jayawijaya Mountains formerly known as the Orange Range are the eastern mountain range of the Maoke Mountains in the central highlands region of the Indonesian part of New Guinea. The range extends for 230 miles east of the Sudirman Range to the Star Mountains. Its highest point is Puncak Mandala at 4760 metres (15617 ft).
 Boondooma Dam is a dam on the Boyne River in the South Burnett region of Queensland Australia. In 1983 the dam was constructed across the Boyne River below its confluence with the Stuart River.It has a capacity of 204 200 ML under the 10 square kilometres (2500 acres) of surface area and has an average depth of 11 metres (36 ft).
 The Becaș River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Puula (or Puulavesi) is a lake in the Kymi River area in the Finnish municipalities of Hirvensalmi Kangasniemi and Mikkeli. Puula is 94.7 metres (311 ft) above sea level the area is 331 square kilometres (128 sq mi) and it is 62 metres (203 ft) deep at its deepest point located near Porttisalmi at Simpiänselkä which is the biggest open area of the lake. Two big lakes Suontee and Puula were one lake until year 1854 when the water level was lowered 2.5 meters.
 The Breaza River is a river in Romania tributary of the Cibin river.
 The Bighead River is a river in Grey County in southern Ontario Canada that flows from the Niagara Escarpment between the communities along Ontario Highway 10 of Arnott and Holland Centre in the township of Chatsworth to empty into Nottawasaga Bay an inlet of Georgian Bay on Lake Huron at Meaford.The river crosses the Bruce Trail in the valley between the Spey River Forest Area and the Walters Falls Conservation Area.
 Mount Davidson is the highest mountain in Storey County Nevada as well as the Virginia Range. The mountain forms a backdrop for the mining boomtown of Virginia City which was built above the Comstock Lode silver strike.Mark Twain mentions a flag on Mount Davidson in his semi-autobiographical book Roughing It.As of 2003 the flagpole was still standing.
 Premich is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Cherry Creek Range is a line of mountains Basin and Range faulted in northern White Pine and southern Elko Counties in northeastern Nevada in the western United States. The range runs generally north-south for approximately 50 miles (80 km). The highest point in the range is an unnamed peak (10458 feet 3187 m) located just south of the border between the counties.To the west are Butte Valley and the Butte Mountains while to the east are Steptoe Valley the Schell Creek Range U.S.
 Chwarel y Fan is a peak in the Black Mountains in south-eastern Wales. It is the highest rise on the long ridge which extends southeastwards from Rhos Dirion. The ridge continues southeastwards to the lesser summit of Bal-Mawr whose top is adorned by a trig point at 607 metres (1991 ft) above sea level. A further 1km southeast along the ridge is the lesser top of Bal-Bach at a height of just over 520 metres (1710 ft).
 Prieto River is a river in the municipality of Ponce Puerto Rico. It is located in the northeastern area of the municipality. Forming at an altitude of 3920 feet (1190 m) Río Prieto originates at the second highest point of any river in the municipality after Río Inabon. It empties into Río Cerrillos. Together with Río Blanco Río Prieto is one of the two rivers in Ponce with mouths at the highest elevation (both at 1381 feet (421 m)).
 Cleft Peak is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the North West end of the Frankland Range jutting out towards the East from the range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is South East of Murpheys Bluff and North West of Greycap.
 Mt. Shirouma (白馬岳 Shirouma-dake) is the 26th-tallest mountain in Japan. At 2932 meters it is the highest peak in the Hakuba section of the Hida Mountains and one of the top to climb peaks for Japanese hikers. It is also one of the few peaks in Japan with year-round snow fields (Firn) in the Shirouma Dai Sekkei or Shirouma deep-snow gorge (白馬大雪渓). Located in the Chūbu-Sangaku National Park it is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains.
 The Vaartse Rijn is a canal connecting the city of Utrecht with Nieuwegein and the Lek river in the Dutch province of Utrecht. The Vaartse Rijn was formerly a major shipping route between Utrecht and the Rhine basin.
 The Cucuiș River is a tributary of the Sibişel River in Romania.
 Drabek Peak (71°5′S 166°37′E) is a peak 2090 metres (6860 ft) high 6 nautical miles (11 km) north of Anare Pass and 9 nautical miles (17 km) west of Redmond Bluff in the Anare Mountains Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy aerial photographs 1960–63 and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Charles M.
 The Bedeni River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
 The John Long Mountains el. 7923 feet (2415 m) is a small mountain range northwest of Philipsburg Montana in Granite County Montana. The Beaverhead-Deerlodge National Forest and Lolo National Forest manage these mountains. A sizable roadless area of about 65000 acres existed as of 1990 in the John Long Mountains centered on Silver King Mountain in the southern part of the range. It's unknown whether and to what extent this area's size has been reduced by logging.
 Quriqucha (Quechua quri gold qucha lake gold lake hispanicized spelling Coricocha Qoricocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region Calca Province Coya District. It is situated at a height of about 4020 metres (13189 ft). Quriqucha lies west of the Willkanuta River and the little town Taray.
 The Talleitspitze is a mountain in the Schnalskamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Hofsiefen is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Pithole Creek is a 17.1-mile (27.5 km) tributary of the Allegheny River in Northwest Pennsylvania in the United States. It has a drainage area of 41.8 square miles (108 km2). Pithole Creek joins the Allegheny River approximately 0.5 miles (0.80 km) upstream of Oleopolis.
 The Frasinu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Tibbitt Lake is a lake in the Canadian Northwest Territories.Located 69.2 kilometres east of Yellowknife the lake marks the northern terminus of the Ingraham Trail.
 The Scârna River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Scârna Mare and Scârna Mică
 The Cordillera Negra (Spanish for black range) is part of the Cordillera Oriental one of three mountain ranges in the Andes Mountains of west central Peru.
 The Wollangambe River an Australian perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury–Nepean catchment within the Sydney Basin is located in the Greater Blue Mountains Area of New South Wales.
 Nonius is a lunar impact crater. It is located in the rugged southern highlands on the Moon's near side. The northwestern side and about half the interior floor are overlain by the rim and outer rampart of the walled plain Walther. About half its diameter to the southeast is the smaller crater Kaiser and slightly farther to the south lies Fernelius.The surviving rim of this crater has been damaged by multiple impacts including the merged pair of Nonius K and Nonius L across the northern rim.
 The Da Prata River (Rio Grande do Sul) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Mian-Seh-Chal (Persian: میان سه چال‎ meaning in the middle of three holes) is a mountain in the Takht-e Suleyman Massif Alborz mountain range north of Iran. With an elevation of 4348 metres (14265 ft) it is located in the middle of North Eastern glacier of the massif just as its name resembles.
 Lac d'Aumar is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 2192 m its surface area is 0.25 km².
 Grizzly Peak in Yosemite Valley is a promontory on the southwest wall below the popular Half Dome. It can be seen on the hike to Vernal Fall and Nevada Fall from northeastern Glacier Point and various other locations in the Yosemite Valley. The top is not accessible by any trail although rock climbers frequent the peak.
 Mount Machray is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1923 after Rev. Machray.
 Inner-Sildvikvatnet or Indre Sildvikvatnet (Northern Sami: Ruoidnajávri) is a lake in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. The 2.29-square-kilometre (0.88 sq mi) lake lies south of the Rombaken fjord. The lake has a dam on the northern end and the water is used for hydroelectric power production.
 The Agaga River is a river in United States territory of Guam.
 Five Mile Pond is a 29-acre (120000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts located northeast of Little Long Pond southeast of Abner Pond southwest of Fawn Pond east of Charge Pond and east of Southeast Line Road a fire road that marks the southeastern boundary of Myles Standish State Forest. The maximum depth of the pond is 21 feet (6.4 m). Access to the pond is via Fearing Pond but it is not open to the public.
 Goat Mountain (8826 ft (2690 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Goat Mountain rises above Otokomi Lake and Goat Lake in the east central section of Glacier National Park.
 Þingvallavatn is a rift valley lake in southwestern Iceland. With a surface of 84 km² it is the largest natural lake in Iceland. Its greatest depth is at 114 m. At the northern shore of the lake at Þingvellir (after which the lake is named) the Alþingi the national parliament was founded in the year 930.The lake lies partially within Þingvellir National Park. The volcanic origin of the islands in the lake is clearly visible.
 Langwatte is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Christina Range is a mountain range in southeastern British Columbia Canada located roughly north of Grand Forks between Lower Arrow Lake and the Granby River. It has an area of 2442 km2 and is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.
 Namamsan is a mountain located in Ulju county Ulsan South Korea. It has an elevation of 543 m (1781 ft).
 Lake Dunlap is a reservoir on the Guadalupe River near the town of New Braunfels in Guadalupe County Texas USA. The reservoir was formed in 1931 by the construction of a dam to provide hydroelectric power to the area. Management of the dam and lake was assumed by the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority on May 1 1963. Lake Dunlap also serves as a venue for outdoor recreation including fishing and boating.
 The Heideberg is a hill up to 112.8 m above sea level in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in the district of Nordwestmecklenburg. It is one of the highest points in the district.The wooded rise is located in the outer region of the municipality of Grevesmühlen only about six kilometres south of the Baltic Sea coast and the bay of Wohlenberger Wiek. It is just under 7 kilometres east of Grevesmühlen and rises immediately north of Barendorf.
 Monte Cavo or less occasionally Monte Albano is the second highest mountain of the complex of the Alban Hills near Rome Italy. An old volcano extinguished around 10000 years ago it lies about 20 km (12 mi) from the sea in the territory of the comune of Rocca di Papa. It is the dominant peak of the Alban Hills.
 The Mutteristock (also named Redertenstock) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps which rises 2295 meters above sea level. It is located between the cantons of Glarus and Schwyz Switzerland overlooking the Wägitalersee and the Klöntalersee on its northern and southern side respectively. Its summit is the highest point of the subrange lying north of Pragel Pass. The mountain's slopes display bare limestone.
 Norderelbe is one of the two big anabranches of the Unterelbe river in the area which is now the Port of Hamburg Germany.
 Owl's Head is a 4025-foot (1227 m) mountain in Franconia New Hampshire. It lies between the Franconia Branch of the Pemigewasset River (to its east) and Lincoln Brook (to its west and south) in the Pemigewasset Wilderness of the White Mountain National Forest.It is best known as one of the 48 White Mountains four-thousand footers and stands out among them mostly for what it lacks: In height it is 43rd of the 48.
 Caldera del Atuel is a caldera in Argentina.
 The Chizdia River is a tributary of the Bega in Romania.
 Cascade Creek is a stream that flows south then southeast from its source on White Hill to its confluence with San Anselmo Creek just west of Fairfax in Marin County California.
 Lake Manitoba is Canada's thirteenth largest lake (4624 km2) and the world's 33rd largest freshwater lake. It is in central North America in the Canadian province of Manitoba which is named after the lake. It is located about 75 km northwest of the province's capital Winnipeg at 51°0′N 98°45′W.
 Elk Ranch Reservoir is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Elk Ranch Reservoir is in the eastern section of the park and is impounded by the Uhl Dam which is an 800-foot-long (240 m) earth-filled dam constructed in the 1940s on land later acquired and incorporated into Grand Teton National Park.
 The Belvedere Glacier (Italian: Ghiacciaio del Belvedere) is a valley glacier located above Macugnaga in the region of Piedmont. The glacier lies at the base of the east face of Monte Rosa and reaches a height of about 1800 metres above sea level at its lowest point. The glacier is mostly covered by rocks.The glacier is feed by the snows and glaciers on the east side of Monte Rosa among which the Ghiacciaio del Monte Rosa culminating above 4500 metres.
 Lake Kezenoy-am (Lake Goluboye Russian: Кезенойам Голубое; Chechen: Къоьзаной-Iaм) is a lake in Chechnya near the border with Dagestan Russia that goes through Andiyskiy Khrebet (Andian Ridge); later the border of Dagestan went into Chechnya taking half of the lake in to Dagestan. It is situated at an altitude of 1870 m above sea level and fills and area of 2.4 km². The maximum depth of the lake is 74 m.
 The Nairn River also known as the Mangatukurewa Creek is a river in the Chatham Islands of New Zealand. Located in the southwest of Chatham Island it runs north to reach the coast close to the southern end of Petre Bay. The main settlement of the Chatham Islands Waitangi stands close to the mouth of the Nairn River.
 Lake Bunot is one of the Seven Lakes of San Pablo Laguna. It is located in Brgy. Concepcion San Pablo City. Only 4.5 km from the city proper Bunot is known for its cultured tilapia and fishpens for Nilotica fingerlings. Bunot has a normal surface area of 30.5 hectares with a maximum depth of 23 meter.Bunot is a convenient site for picnics. It is a real haven for nature lovers. Ideal for swimming and relaxation.
 The Râiosu River or Ileana River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 Lake Kavadi is a lake of Estonia.
 The Chama River a major tributary river of the Rio Grande is located in the U.S. states of Colorado and New Mexico. The river is about 130 miles (210 km) long altogether. From its source to El Vado Dam its length is about 50 miles (80 km) from El Vado Dam to Abiquiu Dam is about 51 miles (82 km) and from Abiquiu Dam to the mouth of the Rio Grande is about 34 miles (55 km).The name Chama is a shortened version of the Tewa term [tsąmą' ǫŋwįkeyi] meaning wrestling pueblo-ruin.
 Cima di Pinadee is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located east of Olivone in the canton of Ticino. It lies between the Valle di Blenio and the Val di Carassino north of the Passo di Piotta.
 Monte Iulio is a mountain of Campania Italy.
 The Borșa River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Great Ditch is a drainage ditch that drains areas of the Pigeon Swamp State Park in New Jersey in the United States.
 Sarstoon River is a river in the Toledo District of Belize. It forms the country's southern boundary with Guatemala.The river's sources are located in neighbouring Guatemala where it is known by its Spanish name Río Sarstún. It flows through the Guatemalan departments of Alta Verapaz and Izabal into Belize and through Toledo to the Caribbean Sea.
 The Gârla Arămii is a tributary of the Sacovăț River in Romania.
 The Schinhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located west of the Aletschhorn in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Lötschental (north) and Oberaletsch (south).
 Mercer Lake also known as Lake Mercer is a man-made lake in West Windsor New Jersey. The lake is wholly contained within the boundaries of Mercer County Park. The lake came into being with the 1975 construction of a dam to control flooding on the Assunpink Creek in nearby Trenton by the United States Department of Agriculture Soil Conservation Service (now the Natural Resources Conservation Service).
 The Dos Patos River (Iratim River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Sleepers are two mountain peaks located in Grafton County New Hampshire part of the Sandwich Range of the White Mountains. The Sleepers are flanked to the northwest by Mount Tripyramid to the northeast by Mount Passaconaway and to the southeast by Mount Whiteface.They are named in honor of Katherine Sleeper a local innkeeper who was heavily involved in trail development in the area.
 Port Waikato is on the south bank of the Waikato River at its outflow into the Tasman Sea in northern New Zealand. Now a small town with a population of under 300 it was an important port during the New Zealand Land Wars of the 19th century. The Port has a Wharf Store established 1893 a take-away shop library community hall fire station surf club yachting club and an active fishing club.Port Waikato is a well-known surfing and whitebaiting destination and a popular holiday spot.
 The Hușnița River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 Sumaco is a symmetrical isolated stratovolcano that is set off from the main Ecuador volcanic axis. Its rocks are very distinct from those from most Andean volcanoes because of its lack of andesitic composition in favour of basanite and phonolitic rock. Sumaco is heavily forested and contains a small cone in its broad summit crater. An historical eruption occurred around 1895 (± 30 years).
 Storglaciären (Swedish for The Grand Glacier) is a glacier in Tarfala Valley in the Scandinavian Alps of Kiruna Municipality Sweden. The glacier is classified as polythermal having both cold and warm bottom temperatures. It was on Storglaciären that the first glacier mass balance research program began (immediately after World War II) which continues to the present day; this is the longest continuous study of its type in the world.
 The Falknis is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps located on the border between Liechtenstein and Switzerland.The nearest locality is Balzers.
 Pink Lake is also a lake near Esperance Western Australia.Pink Lake is a meromictic lake located in Gatineau Park Quebec Canada. The surface of the waters are a deep green due to the abundance of algae in the water. The lake is in danger of eutrophication due to human activities. Park management forbids swimming in the lake walking domestic animals near it straying from the wooden boardwalk for sight-seers and throwing stones into the lake.
 The Silver Bell Mountains are an arid north-northwest x southeast trending small mountain range in north-central Pima County Arizona. The range lies 14 miles (23 km) west of Marana Arizona located on Interstate-10 northwest of Tucson.The range is located in the east of the Ironwood Forest National Monument and is located in a group of four mountain ranges.
 The Sex Noir (2731 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Anzère in the canton of Valais. It belongs to the massif of the Wildhorn and lies approximately halfway between the summit of the Wildhorn and the Prabé on the range separating the valley of La Morge from the valley of La Sionne. Both rivers end in the Rhone.
 Wendbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Pas de Cheville (el. 2038 m.) (also Col de Cheville) is a high mountain pass across the western Bernese Alps connecting Gryon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland and Derborence in the canton of Valais.The pass lies between Les Diablerets on the north and Tête à Pierre Grept Grand Muveran on the south .
 The Petermann Ranges are a mountain range in central Australia. They run 320 km (200 mi) across the border between Western Australia and the southwest corner of the Northern Territory.Their highest point is 1158 metres (3799 ft) above sea level. The range was formed about 550 million years ago during the Petermann Orogeny.
 Lake Karla (Greek: Λίμνη Κάρλα) is a former lake that sits at 60 to 80 m (180 to 240 ft) above sea level making it the only one in the plain of Thessaly. The lake is located at the northern end of the Magnesia regional unit in the Pineios basin adjacent to Pelion and Maurovouni mountains. On the eastern part of the lake the lies the town of Kanalia.
 The Bordul River or Valea Bordului River is a tributary of the Valea Padeșului River in Romania.
 The Madone di Càmedo is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Cevio in the canton of Ticino.
 Satah Mountain is a cinder cone located 35 km (22 mi) east-northeast of Nimpo Lake in central British Columbia Canada. It areas to the south form a N-S-trending chain of cinder cones of Pleistocene and Holocene age. It lies on the Chilcotin Plateau.Satah Mountain occupies the high point of the Satah Mountain volcanic field. This consists of a long ridge of trachytic lava domes and flows and basaltic and trachybasaltic cinder cones that extend south from the felsic Itcha Range volcanic complex.
 Chira is the name of a river in northern Peru whose mouth is 20 km north of the provincial capital of Piura.Its source is in the Ecuadorian Andes near the town of Papaca in the province Loja from where it flows for ca 250 km in easterly directions. After crossing the border to Peru it is dammed up in the 885 million m³ Poechos reservoir and later passes the town of Sullana.
 The Kopeka River is a river of Stewart Island/Rakiura New Zealand. Rising east of Mount Allen it flows south-eastward into the sea west of Toitoi Bay.
 The Slătioara River is a tributary of the Sebiș River in Romania.
 Mount Ossa (Greek: Όσσα) alternative Kissavos (Greek: Κίσσαβος) is a mountain in the Larissa regional unit in Thessaly Greece. It is located between Pelion to the south and Olympus to the north separated from the latter by the Vale of Tempe with its height at 1978 metres (6490 ft).In Greek mythology the Aloadaes are said to have attempted to pile Mount Pelion on top of it in their attempt to scale Olympus.
 The Valea Speriatei River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 Slieve League sometimes Slieve Leag or Slieve Liag (Irish: Sliabh Liag) is a mountain on the Atlantic coast of County Donegal Ireland. At 601 metres (1972 ft) it has some of the highest sea cliffs on the island of Ireland. Although less famous than the Cliffs of Moher in County Clare Slieve League's cliffs reach almost three times higher.
 The Cañabón River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Seulawah Agam is an extensive forested stratovolcano located at the northwestern tip of Sumatra. Several names have been given to the mountain: Seulawaih Agam Seulawain Agam Solawa Agam Solawaik Agam Selawadjanten and Goldberg.The volcano was constructed during the Pleistocene-Holocene age. The mountain has a large caldera called Lam Teuba. A smaller 8×6 km caldera is within the Lam Teuba caldera.
 The North Pine River flows from the D'Aguilar Range in the Mount Mee State Forest approximately 50 km (31 mi) north-west of Brisbane to its convergence with the South Pine River at Lawnton Queensland Australia.
 The Gârliște River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 The Bacchiglione (Latin Medoacus minor) is a river that flows through northern Italy. It rises in the Alps and empties into the Gulf of Venice on the Adriatic Sea near Chioggia. It flows past a number of cities including Vicenza and Padua and acted for many centuries as a significant waterway up to Vicenza after which it ceases to be navigable. Recently the Bacchiglione has gained a reputation for containing water dangerous to drink.
 The Kinabatangan River (Sungai Kinabatangan) is located in Sabah eastern Malaysia on the island of Borneo.
 Castle Peak is a hill in western Texas 8 miles (13 km) south of Merkel in southwest Taylor County. Its peak is 2341 feet (714 m) above sea level.
 The Pârâul Ursului is a headwater of the Rusaia River in Romania.
 The Leaota River is a headwater of the Raciu River in Romania.
 Röhrbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Miquelon Lake is a lake in Alberta Canada located in the heart of Miquelon Lake Provincial Park. The lake is heavily used for recreation; ranging from swimming on a designated beach to several types of boats. The lake is relatively shallow making boats at risk of hull scratches. High salinity levels stunt the growth of algae making it rare.
 The Chattahoochee River forms the southern half of the Alabama and Georgia border as well as a portion of the Florida border. It is a tributary of the Apalachicola River a relatively short river formed by the confluence of the Chattahoochee and Flint rivers and emptying from Florida into Apalachicola Bay in the Gulf of Mexico. The Chattahoochee River is about 430 miles (690 km) long.
 The Humor River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Bach an dem Schreinersgrund is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Mătișești River or Buzu River is a tributary of the Ploștini River in Romania.
 Poyang Lake (Chinese: 鄱阳湖; pinyin: Póyáng Hú Gan: Po-yong U) located in Jiangxi Province is the largest freshwater lake in China.The area of the lake fluctuates dramatically between the wet and dry seasons but in recent years the size of the lake has been decreasing overall. In a normal year the area of the lake averages 3500 square kilometres (1400 sq mi).
 The Șușița River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of headwaters Straja and Măcriş
 Waun Garnedd-y-filiast is a top of Carnedd y Filiast on the border of the Snowdonia National park near Cerrigydrudion in North Wales. It is part of the Arenig mountain range. It is also a peak in an area of moorland known as the Migneint. The summit is marked by a few stones in an area of peat hags on a small plateau of bog. Foel Goch (Arenigs) Carnedd Llechwedd-llyfn and Mwdwl-eithin can be seen.The top was not included in the Nuttall's original list.
 The Žalesys is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 12 kilometres and has a basin area of 16 km².The Žalesys flows into the Nevėžis River a tributary of the Neman River below Tiskūnai.
 The Valea Teiului River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 Loch Macaterick is a loch in East Ayrshire Scotland within Galloway Forest Park and Merrick Kells SSSI.The loch is situated to the north of Macaterick (499 m) to the west of Craigfionn (366 m) and to the southeast of Loch Riecawr.A boardwalk through a forested area leads to the loch from a nearby track.The loch area has suffered limited heather beetle impacts.
 Willow Lake also known as the lower Willow Creek Lake is an alpine lake in Saguache County Colorado United States located in the Sangre de Cristo Range within the Sangre de Cristo Wilderness in Rio Grande National Forest. The lake is accessed from the Willow Lake Trail (trail 865) at the South Crestone Lake Trailhead east of Crestone Colorado. Willow Lake is directly north of Challenger Point and south of Mount Adams.
 Mount Welel (also known as Tullu Welel) is a mountain in southwestern Ethiopia. Located in the Mirab Welega Zone of the Oromia Region it has an elevation of 3301 metres (10830 ft) above sea level. Characterized by twin peaks Welel is the highest point in the Zone and Hawa Welele woreda.
 Grisedale Pike is a fell in the Lake District Cumbria England situated 4.5 miles (7.2 km) west of the town of Keswick in the north-western sector of the national park. At a height of 791 m (2593 feet) it is the 40th highest Wainwright in the Lake District; it also qualifies as a Hewitt Marilyn and Nuttall. Grisedale Pike presents a striking appearance when viewed from the east particularly from the vicinity of Keswick.
 The Cobbler (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn Artair) is a mountain of 884 metres (2900 ft) height located near the head of Loch Long in Scotland. Although only a Corbett it is one of the most impressive summits in the Southern Highlands and is also the most important site for rock climbing in the Southern Highlands. Many maps include the name Ben Arthur (an anglicisation of the Gaelic) but the name The Cobbler is more widely used.
 The Merderet is a 36 km long river in Normandy France which is tributary to the Douve River. It runs roughly north-south down the middle of the Cotentin peninsula from Valognes to the junction with the Douve at Beuzeville la Bastille.
 The East River is a tributary of the New River 24 miles (39 km) long in southern West Virginia and southwestern Virginia in the United States.
 Mount Fryatt is Alberta's 26th highest peak. It was named in 1920 after Captain Charles Fryatt a British merchant seaman who was executed by the Germans during World War I. It lies within peaks that are between the Athabasca and Whirlpool Rivers in Jasper National Park.
 Nasonggo River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Arghiș River is a tributary of the Bozolnicu River in Romania.
 The Jacobs River a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 North Eaglenest Mountain is a mountain located less than 2 miles south of Maggie Valley North Carolina in Haywood County. It is part of the Plott Balsams a range of the Appalachian Mountains and less than a mile north of Eaglenest Mountain. It used to be called Mount Junaluska and is the highest mountain overlooking Lake Junaluska from the west.In 1900 S. C. Satterthwait of Waynesville North Carolina which was 5 miles away built the Eagle Nest Hotel at an elevation of 5050 feet.
 Batschke is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Radew is a river of Poland a tributary of the Parsęta.
 The Range River is a river of Minnesota.
 Indalsälven is one of Sweden's longest rivers with a total length of 430 kilometers. Among its tributaries are Kallströmmen Långan Hårkan and Ammerån. A total of 26 hydropower plants are placed along its course making it the third most power producing river of Sweden.
 The River Rawthey is a river in Cumbria.The headwaters of the Rawthey are at Rawthey Gill Foot where Rawthey Gill whose own source is a confluence at Gill Head on East Baugh Fell meets Haskhaw Gill.Moving initially northwards the Rawthey picks up Whin Stone Gill in Uldale before skirting round Bluecaster after which the river moves south-by-southwest through Cautley.The Rawthey is joined by the Clough River coming from Garsdale near Dowbiggin and having run past Castleshaw Tower the River Dee close to Sedbergh.The Rawthey joins the Lune at Stangerthwaite soon afterwards.Most of the country through which the Rawthey runs is part of the historic West Riding of Yorkshire.
 Sulzach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Muddy Run is a 17.6-mile-long (28.3 km) tributary of the Maurice River in southern New Jersey in the United States. It flows in a generally southeastern direction through southern Gloucester County.
 Trosaån is a river in Sweden.
 The Mackenzie River is a river in the South Island of New Zealand.It is in the Mackenzie Basin of the Canterbury region. The river feeds into the Grays River which in turn feeds into the Tekapo River.
 Svolværgeita (Northern Sami: Spålla) is a 150-metre (490 ft) tall pinnacle at the southwest face of Fløyfjellet on the island of Austvågøya in the Lofoten archipelago. The 569-metre (1867 ft) high Fløyfjellet is located on the edge of the town of Svolvær in the municipality of Vågan in Nordland county Norway. The first recorded time a climber reached the summit of Svolværgeita was on 1 August 1910 by Ferdinand Schjelderup Alf Bonnevie Bryn and Carl Wilhelm Rubenson.
 Mormon volcanic field also known as Mormon Mountain volcanic field is a monogenetic and polygenetic volcanic field south of Flagstaff Arizona USA.The volcanic field contains over 250 vents and covers over 2500 square kilometres (970 sq mi).
 The Teslui River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Kovvannet or Kovvatnet (Northern Sami: Buođgajávri) is a lake in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located on the mainland immediately north of the Langfjorden and about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) straight east of the village of Øksfjordbotn (in Loppa municipality). The lake has two small dams on the southeast end of the lake. The dams are part of a hydroelectric power plant located just east of the lake.
 The Quequén Grande River is located in southwestern Buenos Aires Province Argentina. Its mouth flows into the Atlantic Ocean along the eastern border of the resort city of Necochea. Discovered in 1748 by Jesuit missionaries José Cardiel and Thomas Falkner they originally named the waterway San José; its eventual name originated from the Araucanian Kem Kem (gully). The Port of Quequén located in the neighboring town of the same name was established in 1922.
 Heilsbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bonito River (Macaé River) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Aughwick Creek is a 30.8-mile-long (49.6 km) tributary of the Juniata River in Huntingdon County Pennsylvania in the United States.Aughwick Creek born from the confluence of Little Aughwick Creek and Sideling Hill Creek near the community of Maddensville joins the Juniata River a few miles below Mount Union.
 The Plátano River (Banana River) is a river in Honduras which runs through the Río Plátano Biosphere Reserve.
 The Arișoaia River is a headwater of the Zăbala River in Romania.
 Lake Allegan is a man-made lake located in Valley Township just outside of the city of Allegan in the U.S. state of Michigan (Allegan County). The lake is a dam reservoir containing the backwaters of the Kalamazoo River. The lake is part of the watershed project due to water quality and pollution issues related to PCBs. The lake has a large surface area of almost 1600 acres (2.5 mi² 6.475 km²).
 Kandy Lake is a lake in the heart of the hill city of Kandy Sri Lanka built in 1807 by King Sri Vikrama Rajasinha of Sri Lanka next to the Temple of the Tooth. Over the years it was reduced in size. It is a protected lake with fishing banned. There are many legends and folklore regarding the lake. One such is that the small island at its center was used by the king's helm for bathing and was connected to the palace by secret tunnel.
 The Movilișu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Wank (German pronunciation: [ˈvaŋk]) is a mountain in southern Germany situated in the Loisach valley close to the Austrian border in the southwestern Ester Mountains range near Garmisch-Partenkirchen. It rises from about 700 metres (2300 ft) above mean sea level up to 1780 metres (5840 ft) at the summit. The mountain is crowned by a grassy summit which offers spectacular views over Garmisch-Partenkirchen and the surrounding region.
 Cooplacurripa River a perennial river of the Manning River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast districts of New South Wales Australia.
 The Weisshorn (or Wisshore) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It lies on the main chain of the Bernese Alps between the Rawil Pass and the Plaine Morte Glacier.A cable car (not accessible to public) connects the summit from Iffigenalp south of Lenk in the canton of Bern. On the top lies a radar (FLORAKO) and an air traffic control building owned by the Swiss Army.
 The Tvertsa (Russian: Тверца) is a river in Vyshnevolotsky Spirovsky Torzhoksky and Kalininsky Districts as well as in the cities of Torzhok and Tver in Tver Oblast Russia a left tributary of the Volga River. It is 188 kilometres (117 mi) long and the area of its basin 6510 square kilometres (2510 sq mi).
 The Chiuveș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 Lake Tohopekaliga Tohopeka ([from tohopke /(i)to-hó:pk-i/ fence fort]); Tohopekaliga [from tohopke /(i)to-hó:pk-i/ fence fort + likv /léyk-a/ site] also referred to as Lake Toho West Lake or simply 2hu native name meaning we will gather together here is the largest lake located in Osceola County Florida United States. It is the primary inflow of Shingle Creek which rises in Orlando. It covers 22700 acres (91.86 km2) and spans 42 miles (68 km) in circumference.
 The Australian Alps an IBRA bioregion is the highest mountain range in Australia. This range is located in southeastern Australia and it straddles eastern Victoria southeastern New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory. The Australian Alps contain Australia's only peaks exceeding 2000 metres (6600 ft) in elevation above sea level.
 Abetti is a lunar crater that has been completely submerged by mare lavas. It forms a 'ghost crater' in the surface showing only a curved rise where the rim is located. Abetti is located near the southeast edge of Mare Serenitatis to the west of the Mons Argaeus. This crater is generally visible only at low angles of illumination. It is named after two Italian astronomers Antonio Abetti and his son Giorgio.
 Donner Lake is a freshwater lake in Northeast California on the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada and about 11 miles (18 km) northwest of the much larger Lake Tahoe. A moraine serves as a natural dam for the lake. The lake is located in the town of Truckee between Interstate 80 to the north and Schallenberger Ridge to the south. The tracks of the Union Pacific Railroad run alongSchallenberger Ridge and closely follow the route of the original transcontinental railroad.
 The Interlaken ship canal (German: Interlaken Schiffskanal) is a 2.75-kilometre (1.71 mi) long canal in the Swiss canton of Bern. It connects Lake Thun with a quay in the town of Interlaken adjacent to Interlaken West railway station thus allowing shipping services on the lake to serve the town and connect with railway services. It is still in regular use by the Lake Thun passenger ships of the BLS AG.The canal parallels the Aar river throughout its length.
 The Biga River (Turkish: Biga Çayı) is a small river or large creek in Çanakkale Province in northwestern Turkey. The river begins at the base of Mount Ida and trends generally northeasterly to the Sea of Marmara. It is located approximately 50 km to the east of the Dardanelles. It flows past the towns of Çan and Biga and enters the Sea of Marmara at Karabiga.
 Mount Maines also known as Stornuten is a mountain 2190 metres (7190 ft) standing roughly 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) SE of Stor Hånakken Mountain and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) W of Mount Elkins in the Napier Mountains Enderby Land.
 Lake Beechey (sometimes Beechey Lake) is a lake in Kitikmeot Nunavut Canada. It is a long narrow lake-expansion of the Back River. It is part of the western Canadian Precambrian Shield. It contains a few unnamed islands. Historically Lake Beechey was the southernmost territory of Copper Inuit.The lake was discovered by explorer George Back and named by Sir John Franklin in honor of Frederick William Beechey.
 Aliso Canyon is a 6.5-mile (10.5 km) canyon located in Orange County California in the United States. The canyon is a water gap across the San Joaquin Hills carved out by Aliso Creek possibly as recently as the last Ice Age. Located in a semi-arid climate it supports a variety of plant communities – mainly chaparral and coastal sage scrub – and native animals some endangered.The canyon's northern divide once formed a formidable boundary between the indigenous Acjachemen and Tongva.
 The Milova River ( Hungarian: Milova-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Dreahook Creek is a left tributary of Holland Brook in Readington New Jersey. It begins on township owned land near Creek Road and Dreahook Road. It merges with another small tributary (East Dreahook Creek) on the east side of County Route 620 before entering the Holland Brook. It was named after the former Dutch village of Dreahook (Drea-Hook). The name is a corruption of Driehoek (drie- three and hoek- angle) which is the Dutch word for triangle.
 Shaler is a lunar impact crater that lies on the southeast interior edge of the Montes Cordillera mountain ring that surrounds the immense Mare Orientale formation. It is located near the southwest limb of the Moon on the near side and so is viewed nearly from on edge from the Earth.
 The Breithornzwillinge (from German: Breithorn twin in Italian Gemello del Breithorn Orientale) is a peak of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy between the canton of Valais and the region of Aosta Valley. It is part of the Breithorn massif located east of the Theodul Pass. It is located just east of the Eastern Breithorn and west of the Roccia Nera. It is sometimes considered as a gendarme and it is indicated as Gendarm on the Swisstopo topographic maps.
 Mount Shibichari (シビチャリ山 Shibichari-san) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Izvorul Lerescu River or Rudărița River is a headwater of the Bârsa Groșetului River in Romania.
 Lundsjön–Dammsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Seeliger is a relatively small lunar impact crater that lies near the southeastern edge of Sinus Medii. This is a circular cup-shaped feature that has not been appreciably worn by impact erosion.To the southeast is a rille named the Rima Réaumur following a line to the northwest. In the north is the 110-km-long Rima Oppolzer which divides the mare where Seeliger is situated from the remainder of the Sinus Medii.
 The Green Grotto Caves are show caves and a prominent tourist attraction in Discovery Bay St Ann on the north coast of Jamaica. Named for the green algae that cover its walls the structure of the cave is strikingly different from inland systems; the cave is a Flank Margin Cave (old mixing chambers at the edge of the fresh water lens with the sea water) with two well-defined levels apparently indicating two periods with differing sea-levels.
 The Zagonul Mic River is a headwater of the Zagon River in Romania.
 Haidberg bei Zell is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Ardoukôba is a fissure vents volcano in Djibouti. Located on the coast 100 kilometres (62 mi) from Djibouti City its summit is situated at 298 metres (978 ft) above sea level. It last erupted in November 1978 following an earthquake having been dormant for 3000 years.
 Hinnotefjellet is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Kennebecasis River (/kɛnɨbəˈkeɪsɨs/ ken-ə-bə-KAY-sis) is a tributary of the Saint John River in southern New Brunswick Canada. The name Kennebecasis is thought to be derived from the Mi'kmaq Kenepekachiachk meaning little long bay place. It runs for approximately 95 kilometres draining an area in the Caledonia Highlands an extension of the Appalachian Mountains inland from the Bay of Fundy.
 Göttelbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Carnic Prealps (Prealpi Carniche in Italian) or Southern Carnic Alps (German: Südliche Karnische Alpen) are a mountain range in the Southern Limestone Alps part of the larger Carnic and Gailtal Alps group. They are located in Friuli-Venezia Giulia in the northern part of Italy.
 The Palomar Mountain Range is a high Peninsular mountain range in northern San Diego County of Southern California. The name which means pigeon roost in Spanish was given to it due to the prevalence of Band-tailed Pigeons.The peaks are about 3000 to 6000 feet (914 to 1829 m) above sea level and include: 'High Point' being the pinnacle of the range at 6140 feet (1871 m).Birch Hill (5710 ft or 1740 m)Boucher Hill (5436 ft or 1657 m).↑ ↑
 Mana Pass (el. 5545 m (18192 ft)) alternatively Māna La Chirbitya Chirbitya-la or Dungri La is a mountain pass in the Himalayas on the border between India and Tibet. It appears to now be the highest vehicle-accessible pass in the world containing a road constructed in the 2005-2010 period for the Indian military by the Border Roads Organisation and visible on 2011 imagery on visual globe systems such as Google Earth.
 The Podragu River is a headwater of the Arpaș River in Romania.
 Jack Shark Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island on the west side of Augerpoint Mountain west of Mount Albert Edward in Strathcona Provincial Park.
 Namtso or Lake Nam (officially: Nam Co; Mongolian: Tengri Nor; “Heavenly Lake”; 30°42′N 90°33′E) is a mountain lake on the border between Damxung County of Lhasa Prefecture and Baingoin County of Nagqu Prefecture in the Tibet Autonomous Region of China approximately 112 kilometres (70 mi) NNW of Lhasa.
 Mount Waldo is a small mountain about 1060 feet (320 m) high in Waldo County Maine. It is located in the town of Frankfort.Mt. Waldo granite was once the stock in trade of a thriving industry. The Mount Waldo Granite has a coarse-grained texture which gives it a more patchy mottled look than the finer-grained granites.
 The Dunka River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Lespezi River is a tributary of the Sas River in Romania.
 Pavagadh Hill is situated within a plain in Panchmahal district Gujarat western India. At its base is the historical city of Champaner while the hill station of Pavagadh was built upon the volcanic cone itself.
 The Manatee River is a 36-mile-long (58 km) river in Manatee County Florida. The river forms in the northeastern corner of Manatee County and flows into the Gulf of Mexico at the southern edge of Tampa Bay. Wildlife in and around the river includes alligators herons manatees dolphins and fish such as bass bluegill catfish and gar. Bull sharks are occasionally found in the brackish water near its low-lying outlet. The river includes the Upper Manatee River Canoe Trail for paddlers.
 The Arve river flows for approximately 100 km (62 miles) through France in the département of Haute-Savoie and (for a few kilometers) in Switzerland. It is a left tributary of the Rhône.
 Cathedral Peak is a (12326-foot (3757 m)) mountain located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Cathedral Peak is 1.5 mi (2.4 km) southwest of Mount Chauvenet in the Popo Agie Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest.
 The Third Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is about 800 metres (2625 ft) long and 270 metres (886 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 395 metres (1296 ft) about 14.3 kilometres (8.9 mi) northwest of the community of Schreiber. It is part of the Pays Plat river system which flows into Lake Superior and the primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Triangle Lake.
 The Walter F. George Lake named for Walter F. George (1878–1957) a United States Senator from Georgia is formed on the Chattahoochee River along the border between Alabama and Georgia. It is also widely known by the name Lake Eufaula — particularly in Alabama where the state legislature passed a resolution on June 25 1963 to give the lake that name. The 46000-acre lake extends north about 30 miles (50 km) from the Walter F.
 Coal Lake is a long sinuous lake located approximately 60 km (37 mi) southeast of the city of Edmonton just northeast of the city of Wetaskiwin. The lake is glacial meltwater channel from the last ice age. The lake starts east of Kavanagh Alberta and ends near Gwynne Alberta. Coal Lake was named in 1892 by J.D.A. Fitzpatrick a Dominion Land Surveyor for the coal beds present in many places along the northeast shore.
 Pfannenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Bijou Creek is a 45.5-mile-long (73.2 km) tributary of the South Platte River in Colorado. The creek flows from a source in Adams County to a confluence with the South Platte near Fort Morgan.
 The Rax is a mountain range at the border of the Austrian federal provinces Lower Austria and Styria situated in the Northern Limestone Alps.Its highest peak is the Heukuppe at 2007 m. The Rax together with the nearby Schneeberg as a traditional mountaineering resort are called the Wiener Hausberge (Vienna's local mountains).
 Taunshits (Russian: Тауншиц) is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 Cal Madow (also Al Madow Al Medu Calmadow or Al Mado) (Somali: Buuraha Calmadow Arabic: علمدو‎) is a mountain range in northeastern Somalia extending from several kilometers west of Bosaso to northwest of Erigavo. Its peak sits at almost 2500 m in Shimbiris northwest of Erigavo. Cal Madow was a tourist destination in the late 1980s. The local population of the Sanaag region is primarily responsible for preserving the habitat which continues to face the risk of deforestation.
 Wallqa Wallqa (Quechua wallqa collar hispanicized spelling Hualca Hualca) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru. It has a height of 6025 metres.
 Käsbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Chänelpass (1791 m) is a high mountain pass of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Fribourg and Bern. It connect Plaffeien (Fribourg) with Oberwil im Simmental (Bern). The pass lies on the watershed between the Sense and the Simme and is located between the Märe and the Schafarnisch. It is traversed by a trail.
 The San Bernardino Mountains are a high and rugged mountain range in Southern California in the United States. Situated north and northeast of San Bernardino and spanning two California counties the range tops out at 11489 feet (3502 m) at San Gorgonio Mountain – the tallest peak in all of Southern California.
 Lac du Vernex is a reservoir on the Saane/Sarine river at Rossinière in the Pays d'Enhaut of the canton of Vaud Switzerland.
 Sasso Gordona is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 1410 metres above sea level.
 The Valea lui Câine River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 The Alamo River flows west and north from the Mexicali Valley (Baja California) across the Imperial Valley (California). The 52-mile (84 km) long river drains into the Salton Sea.The creation of the New River Alamo River and Salton Sea of today started in the autumn of 1904 when the Colorado River swollen by seasonal rainfall and snow-melt flowed through a series of three human-engineered openings in the recently constructed levee bank of the Alamo Canal.
 The Chéran (French: le Chéran) is a 53.7 km (33.4 mi) long river in the Savoie and Haute-Savoie départements eastern France. Its source is at Verrens-Arvey in the massif des Bauges. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Fier into which it flows at Rumilly.
 Kashagawigamog Lake is a lake in Haliburton County Ontario Canada. It is in the cottage country area of central Ontario and has many cottages along its shores.
 Piz Tasna is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located between Val Tasna and Val Sinestra in Graubünden Switzerland. On the north side of the mountain lies a glacier named Vadret da Tasna.
 Berutarube (Russian: Берутарубе; Japanese: ベルタルベ山 Berutarube-zan) is a stratovolcano located at the southern end of Iturup Island Kuril Islands Russia.
 Sundman is a lunar crater that lies just past the western limb of the Moon. Although it lies on the far side from the Earth this part of the surface is brought into view during periods of favorable libration and illumination. Sundman lies to the southwest of the walled plain Einstein and to the west of the Vallis Bohr cleft.This crater lies in the midst of the skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin.
 The Girna river is a river in Maharashtra state of southern India. It originates at Kem Peak in the Western Ghats range of Nashik District and flows east across Nashik District and is joined by the Mausam River and then east into Jalgaon District where it then swings north to join the Tapti River. The dams on the Girna are Chanakapur Dam and Girna Dam. Girna Dam was built in 1969. The name Girna derives from the name of the goddess Giraja (Parvati).
 The Pietroasa River or Petroasa River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 Günse is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 San Sevaine Flats is a small area of flatland east of Cucamonga Peak in the San Gabriel Mountains in San Bernardino County California. The area is in the Cucamonga Wilderness in the San Bernardino National Forest 1.24 miles south of Bonita Falls on South Fork Lytle Creek and north of Rancho Cucamonga California.
 Dotsero is a 700-meter (2300 ft) wide by 400-meter (1300 ft) deep maar volcano located in Dotsero Colorado near the junction of the Colorado River and the Eagle River. It is classified as a scoria cone with evaporitic rock basaltic tephra and oxidized sandstone. Erupting approximately 4200 years ago it is the youngest volcano in Colorado.
 The Valea Grecilor River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 The Olanu River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Stârminos and Olănelul.
 Crowsnest Ridge is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide.
 The Piva River is a headwater of the Plescioara River in Romania.
 The Caerfanell is a river which rises in the central section of the Brecon Beacons National Park in Powys Wales. It rises as Blaen Caerfanell on the plateau of Gwaun Cerrig Llwydion and drops steeply down southeastwards into the head of Glyn Collwn before turning east then north-east into Talybont Reservoir.
 Desatoya Peak is the tallest peak in the Desatoya Mountains in central Nevada. The mountain has two peaks with the south peak being the tallest at 9977 feet (3041 m) while the north peak has an elevation of 9970 feet (3039 m). It straddles the line between Churchill County Nevada and Lander County Nevada and is considered the highest point in Churchill County. Desatoya Peak is located about 38 miles (61 km) miles to the west Austin Nevada and 55 miles (89 km) east of Fallon Nevada.
 Vostok is a crater lying situated within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars that was reached by the rover Opportunity on sol 399 (March 8 2005). Vostok is located roughly 1200 meters south of Endurance in Meridiani Planum.
 Boeung Kak (Khmer: បឹងកក់) is an area situated in Khan Daun Penh and Khan Toul Kork in the north of the capital city of Cambodia Phnom Penh. It was covered by largest urban wetland in Phnom Penh prior to the Shukaku Inc. land project. Residential areas businesses restaurants hotels embassies and other local businesses previously surrounded the area of the lake. The lake itself was 90 hectares big. In 2007 the Cambodian government made an agreement with the company Shukaku Inc.
 Vierer See is a lake in Bösdorf Holsteinische Schweiz Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 19 m its surface area is 1.32 km².
 The Răcilă River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 Vuva River (Russian: Вува) is a river in the north-west of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 61 km in length. The Vuva River originates in the Salnie Tundry and flows into the Verkhnetulomskoye Reservoir.
 The Poonch River is a river in Jammu and Kashmir India and Azad Kashmir in Pakistan. It originates in the western foothills of Pir Panjal range in the areas of Neel-Kanth Gali and Jamian Gali. It is called 'Siran' in this area. It flows to the north west. At first flowing southwards it enters Mangla Lake near Chomukh. The towns of Poonch Sehra Tatta Pani and Kotli are situated on the banks of this river. It has two tributaries Betaar and Suwan.
 Round Lake National Natural Landmark lies within Green Lakes State Park in the town of Manlius just east of Syracuse within New York State. Round Lake itself and the adjoining 59 acres (24 ha) of old-growth forest were designated a National Natural Landmark in 1973 by the U.S. Department of the Interior. Hubert W.
 Hochberg (Chiemgau) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Pancharevo (Панчаревско езеро Pancharevsko ezero or Язовир Панчарево Pancharevo Reservoir) is an artificial lake in western Bulgaria at the end of the Pancharevo Gorge of the Iskar River located at 600 m above sea level between the Vitosha and Lozenska mountains. It is 3 km long and up to 700 m wide reaching a depth of 30 m and is situated 12 km southeast of the capital city of Sofia where the Vitoshka Bistritsa flows into the Iskar.
 The Larcis (Occitan: Arsís) is a river in Southwestern France. It is a right tributary of the Léez originating from the Vic-Bilh in the east of the Pyrénées-Atlantiques.It joins the Léez in Lannux in the French département of the Gers.
 The Unguroiu River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Gwaun Lydan is top of Aran Fawddwy in southern Snowdonia North Wales Wales United Kingdom. It is located at the end of the south ridge. The summit comprises a small boggy plateau the highest point being a peat hag marked by a few stones.The summit panorama includes the eastern face of Aran Fawddwy with Creiglyn Dyfi below. To the north is Esgeiriau Gwynion and Llechwedd Du. Heading east Pen yr Allt Uchaf can be reached.
 Wagensteigbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lac de Cap-de-Long is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 2161 m its surface area is 1.1 km².
 The Iacoberi River is a tributary of the Teuz River in Romania.
 The Basin and Range Province is a vast physiographic region defined by a unique topographic expression. Basin and range topography is characterized by abrupt changes in elevation alternating between narrow faulted mountain chains and flat arid valleys or basins. The region covers much of the western United States extends into northwestern Mexico and is mostly desert with numerous ecoregions.
 High Rock Lake is a reservoir lake located in the Davidson and Rowan counties of North Carolina serving as a boundary between them. It is a reservoir for hydroelectric power generation. It is the northernmost of the Uwharrie Lakes and the second largest lake in North Carolina behind Lake Norman. Its water surface covers 15180 acres (61 km2) and there are 365 miles (587 km) of shoreline. It begins at the confluence of the Yadkin River and the South Yadkin River.
 La Coulotte Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named after La Coulotte in France.
 The Sind River or the Sindh River Urdu: سندھ ندی Kashmiri: سیندھ is a river in the Ganderbal district of Jammu and Kashmir state of India. It is a major tributary of the Jehlum River and is 108 kilometres long.
 Peak Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country near the town of Seven Devils. It is wholly in the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 4921 feet (1500 m). The headwaters of the Elk River begins from the Northwestern slopes of the mountain; along the Southwestern slopes it shares with Sugar Mountain and Flattop Mountain as the headwaters of the Linville River; along the Southeastern slopes it shares with Grandfather Mountain as the headwaters of the Watauga River.
 Gösel is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Virmajärvi is a small (1-kilometre (0.6 mi) long) lake straddling the border between Finland (Ilomantsi municipality) and Russia (Suoyarvsky District Republic of Karelia). It is located 19 km (12 mi) east of the village of Hattuvaara. The easternmost point of Finland and of the continental European Union is located on an island in the Virmajärvi.
 Großer Wariner See is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 21.1 m its surface area is 2.6 km².
 Muskegon River is a river in the western portion of the lower peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The river has its headwaters in Houghton Lake in Roscommon County flowing out of the North Bay into neighboring Missaukee County. From there it flows mostly southwest to Muskegon Michigan where it empties into Muskegon Lake. Muskegon Lake is connected to Lake Michigan via a mile-long channel.
 Schwarzkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Taipoiti River is a short river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. One of the headwaters of the Waimakariri River it flows southeast from the Shaler Range to reach the White River.
 The Elkhorn Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges in eastern San Luis Obispo County California.They are near the Elk Hills on the east in Kern County California
 The Rhin is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany and a tributary of the Elbe that's formed by the confluence of the Herzhorner Rhin and the Kremper Rhin in Glückstadt
 Trollheimen is a mountain range in Møre og Romsdal and Sør-Trøndelag counties in central Norway. The mountain range is part of the Scandinavian Mountains.
 The Moss is a brook in North East Derbyshire England.When Rother Valley Country Park was built in 1980s they used water from The Moss to fill the lakes.
 Sea Lion Tarn (Ezero Morski Lav \'e-ze-ro 'mor-ski 'l&v\) is a freshwater tarn with an area of 0.3 ha (0.74 acre) located between Sea Lion Glacier and the north-western slopes of Atlantic Club Ridge on Hurd Peninsula in eastern Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. The lake drains westward through a 100 m creek into South Bay.The feature takes its name from the adjacent Sea Lion Glacier.
 Chuluut River (Mongolian: Чулуут гол stony river) is a river flowing through the valleys of the Khangai Mountains in central Mongolia and a tributary of the Ider River. It is 415 km long the width at the mouth into the Ider river is 80 m the maximum depth is 3 m. It is usually frozen from November to April.
 The Valea Căldării River is a tributary of the Sfârcașu River in Romania.
 Børselva (Northern Sami: Bissojohka Kven: Pyssyjoki) is a river in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 76.2-kilometre (47.3 mi) long river runs from the mountains down to the village of Børselv and it then empties out into the Porsangerfjorden.
 The Rivière aux eaux mortes (River of dead waters) flows entirely in forest areas in two territories Quebec in Canada: Upper part of the river: in the unorganized territory of Lac-Lapeyrère in Portneuf Wildlife Reserve in the administrative region of the National Capital; Lower part of the river: in the unorganized territory of Lac-Masketsi in the Mekinac Regional County Municipality in Mauricie. The territory is mostly administered by the Zec Tawachiche.
 Nanenivunda River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Thibedeau Mountain is a mountain in Gates of the Arctic National Preserve Alaska United States. It has an elevation of 2298 metres and is named for the bush pilot Julius Thibedeau.
 Alpine Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 6.3 miles (10.1 km) southwest of Stanley. A trail from the Iron Creek trailhead and campground leads approximately 5 miles to Sawtooth Lake. The Iron Creek trailhead can be accessed from State Highway 21 via Sawtooth National Forest road 619.
 The Păuleasca River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Breboaia River in Romania.
 Skuta is the third highest peak in the Kamnik Alps and is known by its glacier which is the most eastern in the Alps.
 Mount Charles is a 114 metres (374 ft) high hill in Westmoreland Jamaica.
 Naden Brook is a watercourse in north west England. It rises in the hills above Norden near the boundary of Lancashire and Greater Manchester. From here it flows south to Heywood where it merges with the River Roch.
 Cazenovia Creek is a small stream in Western New York United States. The creek is named after Theophilus Cazenove an agent of the Holland Land Company. Cazenovia Creek is a tributary of the Buffalo River which empties into Lake Erie.
 The Izvor River is a tributary of the Neajlov River in Romania.
 Juklavatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Kvinnherad and Jondal in Hordaland county Norway.
 Dallol is a volcanic explosion crater (or maar) in the Danakil Depression northeast of the Erta Ale Range in Ethiopia. It has been formed by the intrusion of basaltic magma in Miocene salt deposits and subsequent hydrothermal activity. Phreatic eruptions took place here in 1926 forming Dallol Volcano numerous other eruption craters dot the salt flats nearby.
 Sgùrr Fhuaran is a Scottish mountain that is situated on the northern side of Glen Shiel 23 kilometres (14 mi) east south east of Kyle of Lochalsh.
 Lake Diatas (Indonesian: Danau Diatas means: Upper Lake; Minangnese: Danau Diateh) is a lake in West Sumatra Indonesia. It is located at 1°4′37″S 100°45′17″E. This lake together with Lake Dibawah are known as the Twin Lakes (Danau Kembar).
 Forellenbach (Weser) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 White Cloud Peak 9 also known as WCP 9 at 11263 feet (3433 m) above sea level is an unofficially named peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 0.50 mi (0.80 km) south of Calkens Peak its line parent. It is the 70th highest peak in Idaho and about 0.6 mi (0.97 km) north of D. O. Lee Peak. Cirque Lake is directly southeast of the peak and Slide Lake is directly northeast of the peak.
 Not to be confused with the Taku Arm of Tagish LakeThe Taku River is a river running from British Columbia Canada to the northwestern coast of North America at Juneau Alaska. Its mouth coincides with the Alaska-British Columbia border.
 Igarapé Riozinho is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 The Congaree River is a short but wide river in South Carolina in the United States; It flows for only 47 miles (78 km). The river serves an important role as the final outlet channel for the entire Lower Saluda and Lower Broad watersheds before merging with the Wateree River just north of Lake Marion to form the Santee River. It is formed in Columbia by the confluence of the Saluda and Broad rivers near the Piedmont fall line.
 The Sic River is a tributary of the Cormoș River in Romania.
 Magdel is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Surprise Lake is located in the City of Surprise Arizona United States on the Surprise Recreation Campus in the north-west Valley between Bell Road and Greenway on the east side of Bullard Avenue.
 Twelve Mile Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Monocacy River is a free-flowing tributary of the Potomac River which empties into the Atlantic Ocean via the Chesapeake Bay. The river is 58.5 miles (94.1 km) long with a drainage area of about 744 square miles (1930 km2).
 Ellerman is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies within the outer blanket of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin and is located to the west of the Montes Cordillera mountain range. To the northwest of Ellerman is the larger crater Gerasimovich.Probably due to its location amidst rugged surroundings the otherwise circular rim of this crater is somewhat irregular and polygonal in shape.
 Yr Eifl is a mountain on the north coast of the Llŷn peninsula in Gwynedd north-western Wales. It has three summits each quite separate from the others and this is often supposed to be the source of the English name The Rivals.
 The Trinity River is the longest tributary of the Klamath River approximately 165 miles (266 km) long in northwestern California in the United States. It drains an area of the Coast Ranges including the southern Klamath Mountains northwest of the Sacramento Valley. Considered especially scenic[citation needed] along most of its course it flows swiftly through tight canyons and mountain meadows.
 Eggi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 This article is about the range in Oregon. For the larger grouping also known as the Coast Ranges see Pacific Coast Ranges.The Oregon Coast Range often called simply the Coast Range and sometimes the Pacific Coast Range is a mountain range in the Pacific Coast Ranges physiographic region in the U.S. state of Oregon along the Pacific Ocean.
 Red Mountain is a long ridge running southwest-northeast and dividing Jones Valley from Shades Valley south of Birmingham Alabama. It is part of the Ridge-and-Valley region of the Appalachian mountains. The Red Mountain Formation of hard Silurian rock strata lies exposed in several long crests and was named Red Mountain because of the rust-stained rock faces and prominent seams of red hematite iron ore.
 The Guaxindibe River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Mount Nuang (Malay: Gunung Nuang) is located in Malaysia with the height of 1493 metres (4898 ft). Its peak borders Pahang dan Selangor state. The mountain itself is the highest point in Selangor and part of the Titiwangsa Mountains.There are three hiking routes to the peak and all of them were built by Malaysian Department of Wildlife and National Parks. Two of them start in Selangor; one at Kuala Pangsoon in Hulu Langat and another at Kampung Kemensah in Gombak.
 The Mattole River is a river on the north coast of California that flows northerly then westerly into the Pacific Ocean. A short section of the river flows through upper Mendocino County but the vast majority of its 62 miles (100 km) course is through southern Humboldt County. Communities from north to south closely associated with the Mattole River include: Petrolia Honeydew Ettersburg Thorn Junction and Whitethorn.
 Horstmann Peak at 10475 feet (3193 m) above sea level is the 11th highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 1.85 mi (2.98 km) south-southeast of Mickey's Spire its line parent. It is also 2.0 mi (3.2 km) south of Thompson Peak and 1.35 mi (2.17 km) north of Braxon Peak.
 The Aberdare Canal (Welsh: Camlas Aberdâr) was a canal in Glamorganshire Wales which ran from Aberdare to a junction with the Glamorganshire Canal at Abercynon. It opened in 1812 and served the iron and coal industries for nearly 65 years. The arrival of railways in the area did not immediately affect its traffic but the failure of the iron industry in 1875 and increasing subsidence due to coal mining led to it becoming uneconomic.
 The Înșirata River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 The Thyamis (Greek: Θύαμις) also known as Glykys (Γλυκύς) or Kalamas (Καλαμάς) is a river in the Epirus region of Greece. It flows into the Ionian Sea. The names of the Chameria region (Tsiamouria in Greek) as well as the former Cham minority derive from the river's name.
 Bitovik (Serbian Cyrillic: Битовик) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia above the town of Prijepolje. Its highest peak has an elevation of 1371 m (4498 ft) above sea level.
 The Crystal River is a 6.3-mile-long (10.1 km) stream located in the southwest section of Leelanau County in northern Michigan's Lower Peninsula flowing from Glen Lake through sections of the Sleeping Bear Dunes National Lakeshore into Lake Michigan just north of the small town of Glen Arbor.
 The Glăvan River is a tributary of the Buhui River in Romania.
 The Pequop Mountains are located in eastern Elko County in northeastern Nevada in the western United States. The range runs generally north-south for approximately 51 miles (82 km). The high point of the range is an unnamed peak (9249 feet 2819 m) located at 40°55.46'N and 114°35.38'W.The range comprises two distinct groups of mountains separated by a low line of hills at Flower Pass.
 The Auckland volcanic field is an area of monogenetic volcanoes underlying much of the metropolitan area of Auckland New Zealand's largest city located in the North Island. The field's 53 volcanoes (or thereabouts) have produced a diverse array of maars (explosion craters) tuff rings scoria cones and lava flows. Each volcano has erupted for just one period lasting for weeks to several years except for Rangitoto Island which erupted repeatedly.
 Queensberry is a hill at the southern end of the Lowther Hills in southern Scotland.
 Timothy Lake is a lake about 50 miles (80 km) southeast of Portland Oregon United States. It is in close proximity to Clear Lake and an impoundment of the Oak Grove Fork Clackamas River. The compacted-earth Timothy Lake Dam was built by Portland General Electric in 1956 to regulate seasonal water flow to Lake Harriet downstream. The dam 110 feet high and impounding 81000 acre-feet does not generate any hydroelectric power itself.
 The North Fork American River is the longest branch of the American River in Northern California. It is 88 miles (142 km) long from its source at the crest of the Sierra Nevada near Lake Tahoe to its mouth at Folsom Lake northeast of Sacramento. Prior to the construction of Folsom Dam the river was about 9 miles (14 km) longer making for a total length of 97 miles (156 km).It rises at Mountain Meadow Lake near the 9008 ft (2746 m) peak of Granite Chief in the Tahoe National Forest.
 Cerro Arenales is a heavily ice-covered stratovolcano located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile within Laguna San Rafael National Park. It towers over the southern part of the Northern Patagonian Ice Field. Arenales has a summit elevation of 3437 meters (11276 feet) above sea level.
 Bishop's Mitre is a mountain located 3 km (9843 ft) east of Brave Mountain on the northern coast of Labrador in the Kaumajet Mountains. Its appearance is more like a steep tower which lies on the north point of Grimmington Island between Seal Bight and Cod Bag Harbour.
 Southedge Dam also known as Quaids Dam is located on the Mitchell River in Queensland Australia. At full supply level the storage has a capacity of 129000ML and covers an area of 3290 ha (8100 acres). Southedge Dam has remained unused since its construction in 1986. It was constructed and owned by Southedge Daintree Pastoral Company.
 The Buena Vista Hills are a low mountain range in the Peninsular Ranges System in western San Diego County California.They are located in the San Marcos region of the county.
 Detroit Lake is a reservoir impounded by the Detroit Dam on the North Santiam River 46 miles (74 km) southeast of Salem Oregon United States.The lake is adjacent to Oregon Route 22 near the city of Detroit.This mesotrophic lake stores water for use by the city of Salem and other nearby communities.
 Lake Firlej is a lake in east Poland in Lubartów County near the village of Firlej. Lake is surrounded by forest.
 Tuya Lake located in northwestern British Columbia Canada presumably derives its name from the presence of nearby steep-sided flat-topped volcanoes known as tuyas. The lake is situated just south of Tuya Butte at a latitude of about 59 degrees North and a longitude of about 131 degrees West.
 The Blahnița River or Blanița River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania
 The Caves of Gargas in the Pyrennes region of France are known for their cave art from the Upper Paleolithic period - about 27000 years old.The caves are open to the public.
 The Birmingham and Fazeley Canal is a canal of the Birmingham Canal Navigations in the West Midlands of England. Its purpose was to provide a link between the Coventry Canal and Birmingham and thereby connect Birmingham to London via the Oxford Canal.
 The Valea Ferigii River is a tributary of the Valea Izvorului river in Romania.
 The Ekalaka Hills el. 4019 feet (1225 m) is a small mountain range southeast of Ekalaka Montana in Carter County Montana. They are closely affiliated with two related small ranges the Long Pines also within Carter County and the Short Pines contained primarily within nearby South Dakota.
 The Dropt is a river in Aquitaine France. It is a right tributary to the Garonne.
 The Bicaz River (Békás-patak in Hungarian) is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. It starts at junction of headwaters Veleşchia and Hăghimaş in the Lacul Roşu (Lacul Rosu).
 The White Range is a subrange of the Tagish Highland located east of Windy Arm on the British Columbia-Yukon border in Canada.
 St Cuthbert's Swallet is the second longest and most complex cave on the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. It forms a major part of the Priddy Caves system and water entering this swallet re-emerges at Wookey Hole.St Cuthbert's Swallet is part of and lies underneath the Priddy Pools Site of Special Scientific Interest.
 Linta is a river in the region of Atsimo-Andrefana in southern Madagascar. It crosses the Route nationale 10 near Ejeda and flows into the Indian Ocean in the Bay of Langarano east of Androka.Its main affluents are the Manakaralahy and Manakaravavy which are dry during the dry season from July to November. Its annual discharge is low approx. 1-2 l/s/km².
 The Eastern Tepuis (Spanish: Tepuyes Orientales) also known as the Roraima–Ilú range is a mountain chain stretching for some 60 kilometres (37 mi) along the border between Guyana Venezuela and to a lesser extent Brazil. It runs in a northwesterly direction from the tripoint of these countries closely following the Guyana–Venezuela border with a single major peak (Uei-tepui) to the south on the Brazil–Venezuela border.
 The Lera River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
 Dragmarpo Ri is a mountain on the border between Nepal and People's Republic of China.
 Mount Sirung (Indonesian: Gunung Sirung) is an active volcano complex volcano located on Pantar Island in the Alor archipelago of the eastern Indonesian province of Nusa Tenggara Timor. The crater rim can be reached by an easy hike from the village of Kakamauta. Inside the crater is a large sulphurous crater lake and several active steam vents. The last major eruption occurred 1970 and regular gas and clastic eruptions have occurred since 2004.
 The River Clun is a river mostly in Shropshire England which runs through the small town of Clun as well as through or near a number of other villages situated along its valley. It discharges into the River Teme at Leintwardine Herefordshire. The Clun Valley is very rural and is part of the Shropshire Hills AONB (Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty).
 Pasteur is a large lunar crater belonging to the category termed a walled plain. It lies on the far side of the Moon as seen from the Earth just beyond the eastern limb. The vicinity of this crater is occasionally brought into view from Earth due to librations although not much detail can be seen.Lying along the southern rim of Pasteur is the smaller crater Backlund. Just to the southeast is Hilbert another walled plain nearly two-thirds the diameter of Pasteur.
 Starling Dodd is a fell in the western part of the English Lake District located between the valleys of Ennerdale and Buttermere on the ridge between Great Borne to its west and Red Pike (Buttermere) to its east. Not visible from Buttermere and rounded in profile Starling Dodd is a relatively unfrequented top.
 Mount Hōō (鳳凰山 Hōō-san) is located in the western portion of Yamanashi Prefecture Japan. Because the mountain has three peaks it is also called Hōō Sanzan (鳳凰三山). It is in Minami Alps National Park and is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains.
 The Sfăraș River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Humphreys Peak (Hopi: Aaloosaktukwi) is the highest natural point in the U.S. state of Arizona with an elevation of 12637 feet (3852 m) and is located within the Kachina Peaks Wilderness in the Coconino National Forest about 11 miles (17.7 km) north of Flagstaff Arizona. Humphreys Peak is the highest of a group of extinct volcanic peaks known as the San Francisco Peaks.
 Krutvatnet (Southern Sami: Kruvhtegenjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county Norway. It lies about 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) east of the lake Røssvatnet and about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of the border with Sweden. The Norwegian National Road 73 runs on the southern shore of the lake on its way from Hattfjelldal to Tärnaby in Sweden.
 The Fellhorn (el. 2038 metres (6686 ft)) is a mountain in the Allgäu Alps near Oberstdorf Germany on the border with Austria. It is known for its fields of Alp roses (Rhododendron ferrugineum).It is possible to ski down to Austria through different climates and surrounding areas.It can be climbed on an easy path.
 Lake Clarendon is a reservoir located 10 km North East of Gatton in South East Queensland Australia. The reservoir is one of a number of small dams built in the Lockyer Valley to supply water for irrigation.Completed in 1992 by mid-2006 the dam was empty due to drought conditions in Australia. In January 2011 the dam was over 80% full according to the Queensland Water Commission website.
 Loch Brand or Loch of Boghall was a loch situated in a depression between the Grange Estate Crummock Hill of Beith Castle site and Boghall in the Parish of Beith North Ayrshire Scotland. The loch was fed by the Grange Burn and surface runoff such as from the old rig and furrows indicated by Roy's Maps of the mid 17th century. The loch was drained by the Boghall Burn that runs passed the 'Court Hill' and into Powgree Burn at Gateside.
 The Probota River is a tributary of the Bahluieț River in Romania.
 Lake Dora is a lake and also short-lived mining area of the late 1890s located in the West Coast Range of Western Tasmania. It has a surface level at 756m. It has two adjacent tarns just west of it Maxfield and Michael Tarns and numerous unnamed smaller lakes and water features.The nearest named features are Walford Peak (1009m) north west (approximately 1 km) and Farquhar Lookout (935m) (3 km) south west.
 Black Jimmy Pond also known as Hyles Pond is an 11-acre (45000 m2) pond in the Cedarville section of Plymouth Massachusetts. The pond is located northwest of Hedges Pond and northeast of Little Herring Pond. Camp Clark a camp run by the Old Colony YMCA is located on the northern shore of the pond.
 Pizzo Carbonara is the highest peak of the Madonie mountains in Sicily. It is the second highest peak in Sicily only Mount Etna being higher although it is only two meters higher than the neighbouring Pizzo Antenna. Pizzo Carbonara is located about 10 km NW of Petralia Sottana. It is a limestone massif and rainwater falling on it eventually emerges at the foot of the castle rock of Cefalù on the north coast of Sicily.
 Thompson Pond in Pine Plains New York is a 75 acres (30 ha) 15000-year-old glacial kettle pond at the foot of 1403 feet (428 m) Stissing Mountain. It is the source of Wappinger Creek a tributary of the Hudson River that drains much of Dutchess County.The pond and mountain are part of a 507 acres (205 ha) nature preserve managed by the Nature Conservancy.
 The Manhuaçu River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Vișeu River in northern Romania is a tributary of Tisa River. Its source is in the Rodna Mountains. It passes through the following villages communes and cities: Borșa (city) Moisei (commune) Vişeu de Sus (city) Vișeu de Jos (commune) Leordina (commune) Petrova (commune) Bistra (village) Valea Vişeului (village). In Valea Vişeului village the river flows into Tisa river.
 The East Northwall Firn is a glacier near the peak of Puncak Jaya (sometimes called Mount Carstensz or the Carstensz Pyramid) which is a mountain in the Sudirman Range western central highlands of Papua province Indonesia. The glacier is situated at an altitude of approximately 4750 metres (15580 ft) and is 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) northeast of the summit tower of Puncak Jaya.
 Mount Ortigara (2105 m 6906 ft) is one of the peaks about 2000 m (6000 feet) tall which delimit to the north the Seven Municipalities Plateau (in Italian: Altipiano dei Sette Comuni) falling sheer on the underlying Sugana Valley with a jump of over 1500 meters (4500 feet).
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Wolfgang Pass (el. 1631 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.It connects Klosters and Davos with Davos being almost level with the pass.
 The Cooper River is a mainly tidal river in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The South Carolina cities of Mt. Pleasant Charleston North Charleston Goose Creek Moncks Corner and Hanahan are located along the river. Short and wide it is joined first by the blackwater East Branch then farther downstream the tidal Wando River.
 Ontojärvi–Nurmesjärvi is a rather large lake in the Oulujoki main catchment area in Kainuu Finland. It is situated in the municipality of Kuhmo. It is the 44th largest lake in the country.
 The Vlădeni River is a tributary of the Molnița River in Romania.
 The Râul Alb is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 The Hoh Brisen is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the cantons of Nidwalden and Uri in Central Switzerland. With an altitude of 2413 metres above sea level the Hoh Brisen is the highest summit of the subrange north of the Sinsgäuer Schonegg pass (1915 m).
 Mittelbuschbach is a river in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Krusenstern is a lunar crater that lies amidst the battered terrain in the southern part of the Moon's near side. Nearly attached to the east-southeast rim is the crater Apianus. Less than one crater diameter to the southwest is the prominent Werner. Krusenstern is intruding into a large circular plain to the north designated Playfair G.
 The Ier River or Eriu River (Hungarian: Ér) is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania. The Andrid Dam is constructed on this river.
 The Stredneg River is a tributary of the Comarnic River in Romania.
 Blaxland Creek a watercourse that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in Greater Western Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Chestnut Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country and wholly in the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 3314 feet (1010 m) and it also marks the corner between Avery Burke and Caldwell counties. The mountain generates feeder streams for the Catawba River.
 This article is about the river in Toronto Ontario Canada. For links to other rivers of the same name see Humber River (disambiguation). For the two colleges named after this particular river visit Humber College.The Humber River (French: Rivière Humber) is a river in Southern Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin is a tributary of Lake Ontario and is one of two major rivers on either side of the city of Toronto the other being the Don River to the east.
 Sova (Russian: Сова) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Shakva River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 26 km.
 Jordan Pond is an oligotrophic tarn in Acadia National Park near the town of Bar Harbor Maine. It covers 187 acres (76 ha) with a maximum depth of 150 feet (46 m) and a shoreline of 3.6 miles (5.8 km).The pond was formed by the Wisconsin Ice Sheet during the last glacial period. It is flanked on the west by Penobscot Mountain and to the northeast by the two mountains known as the Bubbles.
 The Santo Domingo River (Papaloapan) is a river of Mexico.
 The Northeast Cape Fear River is a blackwater river tributary of the Cape Fear River approximately 130 mi (209 km) long in southeastern North Carolina in the United States.
 Rotbach (Erft) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Morris Reservoir is located in the San Gabriel Mountains about 5 miles north of the city of Azusa along California State Route 39. Morris Reservoir is below San Gabriel Dam. The mean elevation is about 1100 ft. The Morris Dam was completed in May 1934 and is a concrete partially arched gravity structure rising 245 feet above the original stream bed. This site was a naval weapons test facility from World War II and was transferred to the Department of Public Works in 1995.
 The Poropotank River is a 16.0-mile-long (25.7 km) river in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is a tributary of the York River and forms part of the boundary between King and Queen and Gloucester counties.
 The Sahuaripa River is a river of Mexico.
 The Da Prata River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Tipiqucha (Quechua tipi Pennisetum clandestinum (a grass species) tipiy to husk maize to snap to break qucha lake hispanicized spelling Tipiccocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Parinacochas Province Coracora District. It is situated at a height of about 4466 metres (14652 ft).
 Mežakla (pronounced [mɛˈʒaːkla]) is a long undulating plateau about 15 km (9 mi) long in the foothills of the Julian Alps above the town of Jesenice in northwestern Slovenia. It ranges from approximately 1200 m (3900 ft) to 1593 m (5226 ft) high. It is mostly covered with spruce and beech trees. There are many pastures and clear streams on the plateau. Mežakla is part of Triglav National Park but tourism is underdeveloped.
 The Nautla River is a river of Mexico.
 Mount Elizabeth is a massive ice-free mountain 4480 metres (14700 ft) high standing 6 nautical miles (11 km) south of Mount Anne in the Queen Alexandra Range Antarctica. It was discovered by the British Antarctic Expedition 1907–09 and named for Elizabeth Dawson-Lambton a supporter of the expedition.
 Tavurvur is an active stratovolcano that lies near Rabaul in Papua New Guinea. It is a sub-vent of the Rabaul caldera and lies on the eastern rim of the larger feature. An eruption of the volcano largely destroyed the nearby town of Rabaul in 1994.Mount Tavurvur is the most active volcano in Rabaul caldera and erupted most recently in 2013.
 Tonalli River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 Steinheii is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway.
 Kornberg (Gruibingen) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Rio Grande (Portuguese for great river) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Larga Mică is a tributary of the Larga Mare River in Romania.
 Lake Butrinti (Albanian Liqeni i Butrintit) formerly known as Lake Vivari or Lake Vatzindro (or Vutzintró) lies in the south of Albania in Saranda. It is in fact a lagoon. It overlooks the Ionian Sea and it is quite large in size. Next to it is the ancient site of Buthrotum (modern Butrinti in Albanian) which contains Ancient Greek and Roman antiquities and is one of the most popular tourist attraction in Albania.
 Lempertsbach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Butamalal River is a river of Chile.
 The Umba River is located in northeastern Tanzania in Tanga Region. It rises in Schageiuforest (Shagayu) in the West Usambara Mountains at 2000 m altitude and flows on the north side of the mountain range to the east. At Lelwa it empties the Mbalamu River which comes from the extreme north of the Usambara Mountains and the Mglumi River into the Umba. Just before the Umba flows into the Indian Ocean it cross the border to Kenya.
 Suseån is a river in Sweden.
 Prospect Creek is a small creek in the state of Western Australia Australia. It feeds into the Armanda River near Halls Creek.The headwaters of the creek rise below the Duffer range and flow in a northerly direction almost parallel with the Great Northern Highway until discharging in the Armanda River of which it is a tributary.
 Counterfeit Lake is a circular natural freshwater lake in Highlands County Florida. Much of the time the lake is more of a swamp rather than a lake. It is about 0.2 miles (0.32 km) north of the south branch of Lake Letta Road which itself is just north of Florida State Highway 17 and Lake Letta. Counterfeit Lake is 0.25 miles (0.40 km) south of the north branch of Lake Letta Road.
 Wainikoroiluva River ('Luva River) is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Cârcinov River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 The Bansloi River is a tributary of the Bhagirathi.
 Seitz Lake is a glacial tarn in the Ruby Mountains in Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. It is located near the head of Seitz Canyon at approximately 40°38.2′N 115°27.4′W and at an elevation of 8915 feet (2715 meters).
 Island Mountain is a resistant formation of volcanic and metavolcanic rock in the Franciscan Assemblage of southwestern Trinity County California. It was mined for sulfur metal deposits during the first half of the 20th century and was the final obstacle in the construction of a railroad line to Eureka California in 1914.
 The Hârlea River is a tributary of the Pârâul cu Pești in Romania.
 The Padeș River is a tributary of the Bâlta River in Romania.
 The River Calder is a river in West Yorkshire in Northern England.The Calder rises on the green eastern slopes of the Pennines flows through alternating green countryside former woollen-mill villages and large and small towns before joining the River Aire near Castleford.The river's valley is generally known as the Calder Valley. The name Calderdale usually refers to the large urban and rural borough (centred on Halifax) through which the upper river flows.
 Nahal Alexander (Hebrew: נחל אלכסנדר‎) is a river in Israel that flows from the mountains of Samaria to the Mediterranean Sea north of Netanya. The length of the river is about 45 km. Several small streams flow into Nahal Alexander: Nablus Te'enim Ometz Bahan and Avihail. Most of the river is located in the Hefer Valley.
 The South Fork McKenzie River is a tributary about 31 miles (50 km) long of the McKenzie River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It begins at about 4500 feet (1400 m) above sea level near Mink Lake in the Three Sisters Wilderness of the Cascade Range.
 The Idici River is a tributary of the Cund River in Romania.
 The Brusturelul River or Brusturatul River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
 The Leșu River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
 Mullayar River is a tributary of the Periyar River the longest river in Kerala. It originates at Kottamalai peak in the Periyar Tiger Reserve. The Mullayar flows west through the reserve and joins the Periyar at Mullakudy just at the beginning of the Periyar lake formed by the Mullaperiyar dam.
 Sázava (Czech pronunciation: [ˈsaːzava]) is a river in the Czech Republic. It is a right tributary of the Vltava. Its length is 218 kilometres (135 mi) watershed area measures 4350 km2 (1680 sq mi). The river Sázava emerges from Velké Dářko Lake and enters the Vltava in the municipality of Davle south of Prague (at the 78.3 kilometer of the Vltava).
 The Pârâul Morii River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
 Wonder Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1913 by Arthur O. Wheeler and Conrad Kain.
 The Gesse (French: la Gesse) is a 52.1 km (32.4 mi) long river in the Hautes-Pyrénées Haute-Garonne and Gers départements southwestern France. Its source is at Arné on the plateau de Lannemezan. It flows generally northeast. It is a left tributary of the Save into which it flows at Espaon.
 Croton Creek is a river in Texas.
 The Schwabenkopf is a mountain in the Kaunergrat group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Ipixuna River or Paranápixuna River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Tuirial is a river of Mizoram northeastern India. It flows in a northerly direction. It is impounded by the Tuirial Dam.
 Kcyninka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Noteć.
 The Dobra River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
 Sulphurous Lake is a freshwater body in the Cariboo Region of British Columbia generally considered to be part of the Interlakes area as it is near Deka Lake. It is frozen from November to May annually. The lake has only one boat launch which is in poor condition.
 The Cowlitz Glacier is on the southeast flank of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington. The body of ice covers 1.3 square miles (3.4 km2) and has a volume of 6 billion ft3 (170 million m3). The glacier starts at an elevation of 10700 feet (3300 m) and flows southeast. An adjacent glacier the Paradise Glacier is connected to this glacier on its southwest margin.
 Forollhogna (or Forelhogna) is a mountain located on the border between three municipalities in Norway: Midtre Gauldal and Holtålen (in Sør-Trøndelag county) and Os (in Hedmark county). The 1332-metre (4370 ft) tall Forollhogna is the highest mountain inside Forollhogna National Park.The mountain is about 27 square kilometres (10 sq mi) southeast of the village of Enodden and about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of Røros.
 The Dinkel is a river in Germany and the Netherlands left tributary of the Vecht. Its total length is 93 km of which 47 km in Germany. The Dinkel originates in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany between Ahaus and Coesfeld. It flows north to Gronau crosses the border with the Netherlands (Overijssel) flows through Denekamp and recrosses the border to Germany (Lower Saxony). The Dinkel joins the Vecht in Neuenhaus.
 The Colnic River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
 Thune is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Sodom Lake is a lake of Shelburne District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Porttipahta Reservoir (Finnish: Porttipahdan tekojärvi) is a rather large lake in the Kemijoki main catchment area. It is located in the region of Lapland in Finland.
 The Puerua River is a river in South Otago New Zealand. A tributary of the Clutha River it rises east of Brown Dome and flows eastward to join that river near Port Molyneux.
 Lai da Ova Spin is a compensation reservoir on the Spöl river at Zernez Grisons Switzerland. Its volume is 7.4 mio m³ and surface area 0.34 km².The arch dam Ova Spin was completed in 1968 and has a height of 73 m.
 Borbach (Ennepe) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Meade Glacier is located in the Goat Rocks region in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is within the Goat Rocks Wilderness of Snoqualmie National Forest .25 mi (0.40 km) south of Conrad Glacier and immediately east of Gilbert Peak. Meade Glacier is split into three sections and the lower ablation zone at 6400 ft (2000 m) is not connected to the upper accumulation zone at 7800 ft (2400 m).
 The Chinnar River originates in the Annaimalai Hills below a grassy pass between the hills Kumarikal Malai (8275 ft) and Kaladekatti Malai In Idukki District Kerala state South India. The 18 km long Chinnar river defines the East-West Tamil Nadu/Kerala state boundary along the northern edge of the Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary and the southern edge of the Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary. Several adult Crocodiles were reported in the Chinnar river in 1992.
 Tarryall Creek is a tributary of the South Platte River approximately 68.5 miles (110.2 km) long in Park County in central Colorado in the United States. It drains a rural portion of north and central South Park an intermontane grassland in the Rocky Mountains southwest of Denver. It rises in the high Rockies in several forks along the Continental Divide in the Pike National Forest southwest of Boreas Pass.
 The Preto River (Mariricu River) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Blackstairs Mountain (Irish: An Staighre Dubh) in southern Leinster is the second-highest mountain in the Blackstairs Mountains.
 The Râșdaș River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Rit'ipata (Quechua hispanicized spelling Ritipata) is a 5350 metres (17552 ft) high mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Puno Region Putina Province Ananea District as well as in the Sandia Province Quiaca District. Rit'ipata is situated south east of the mountain Wilaquta east of the Ananea and north west of the Ch'aphi next to it.
 Monte Conero (Mount Conero or Monte d'Ancona; Italian pronunciation: [ˈkɔːnero]) is a promontory in Italy situated directly south of the port of Ancona on the Adriatic Sea.The name Conero comes from the Greek name Komaròs that indicates the Strawberry Tree commonly present on the slopes of the mountain.
 Cerro Araral is a mountain located in the Andes on the border between Chile and Bolivia in the Potosí Department and in the Antofagasta Region. It has a height of 5688 metres.
 Ankerbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Ibar also known as the Ibër and Ibri (Albanian: Ibër Ibri; Montenegrin/Bosnian: Ibar Serbian Cyrillic: Ибар pronounced [îbar]) is a river that flows through eastern Montenegro Serbia and Kosovo with a total length of 276 km (171 mi). The river begins in the Hajla mountain in Rožaje eastern Montenegro passes through Kosovo and flows into the West Morava river Central Serbia near Kraljevo.It belongs to the Black Sea drainage basin.
 Nevis range redirects here. Nevis range can also be used to refer to the range of mountains around Ben Nevis at the western end of the Grampians.Aonach Mòr is a mountain in the Highlands of Scotland. It is located about 2 miles/ 3 km north east of Ben Nevis on the south side of Glen Spean near the town of Fort William .
 Pomelsee is a lake in Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 55.8 m its surface area is 0.15 km².
 St. Andrew Strait is a volcano in Papua New Guinea that has had eruptions in historical times. The volcano is not linked to any tectonic plates the volcano is also in an area of very little earthquakes this suggests that St. Andrew Strait is an Intraplate volcano. It consists of a group of Quaternary volcanic cones that are mainly rhyolitic in composition. The volcanism is curved suggesting that the volcano has an ancient caldera. The centre of the volcano is Lou Island.
 Aven d'Orgnac is a cave located near Orgnac-l'Aven in the Ardèche département.Discovered in 1935 by Robert de Joly and open to the public since 1939 it is one of the most visited places in that area.Caves such as this are found in many Limestone areas such as the White Scar Caves near Skipton in Yorkshire.
 The Manduvirá River (Spanish Río Manduvirá) is a river of Paraguay. It is a tributary of the Paraguay River.
 Ivanhoe Lake is a 25-kilometre (16 mi) long narrow lake in the Unorganized North Part of Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is on the Ivanhoe River in the James Bay drainage basin and is located 8 kilometres (5 mi) southwest of Foleyet on Ontario Highway 101. The lake is substantially encompassed by Ivanhoe Lake Provincial Park except for some private cottages at the northeast end of the lake.
 Una Peaks formerly known as Cape Renard Towers are two towers of basalt each topped by a cap of ice guarding the northern entrance to the Lemaire Channel on the Antarctic Peninsula. With the highest summit at 747 metres (2451 ft) The formation has been long colloquially known as Una's Tits. The peaks appear on a British Antarctic Territory stamp although they are not identified as such.
 Kiitämä is a medium-sized lake in the Koutajoki main catchment area. It is located in Kuusamo municipality in the region Northern Ostrobothnia in Finland.
 Geronimo Creek is a stream in South Central Texas United States that runs approximately 17 miles from its source one mile east of Clear Springs Texas (in the Texas Prairielands) to its confluence with the Guadalupe River in Guadalupe County Texas three miles southeast of Seguin. The creek serves as a tributary of the Guadalupe River and forms its watershed near Seguin Texas within the larger Guadalupe River Basin.
 The Luncșoara River is a tributary of the Hălmăgel River in Romania.
 Clearwater Lake is a lake in Manitoba Canada. It is the main geographical feature of Manitoba's Clearwater Lake Provincial Park located northeast of The Pas in western Manitoba.
 The Bazaleti Lake (Georgian: ბაზალეთის ტბა) is a lake in eastern Georgia some 60 km northwest of the nation's capital Tbilisi and 5 km south of the town of Dusheti. It is used for fish culture irrigation and recreation. The nearby village and the historical district around the lake are also known as Bazaleti.The surface area of the lake is 1.22 km². and its maximum depth is 7 m. The area around the lake housed a flourishing medieval town and is surrounded by many legends.
 The Costești River is a tributary of the Balta River in Romania.
 Mount Asama (浅間山 Asama-yama) is an active complex volcano in central Honshū the main island of Japan. The volcano is the most active on Honshū. The Japan Meteorological Agency classifies Mount Asama as rank A. It stands 2568 metres (8425 ft) above sea level on the border of Gunma and Nagano prefectures. It is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan. A cruiser class of the Imperial Japanese Navy was named after it including lead ship Asama.
 Orb (Kinzig) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Wemmers River is a river near Franschhoek in the Western Cape Province of South Africa. Dams Wemmershoek Dam
 Lake Ellen Wilson is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Lake Ellen Wilson is .25 miles (0.40 km) upstream from Lincoln Lake but is more than 1300 feet (400 m) higher in elevation. A series of cascades including Beaver Chief Falls can be found between the two lakes.
 The Rugșoru is a tributary of the Nadoşa River in Romania.
 Balmberg Pass (elevation 1078 m) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.It connects Welschenrohr and Günsberg. The road is one of the steepest pass roads in Switzerland with gradients of up to 25%. The road is not recommended for novice drivers big wide or long vehicles buses vans and trucks caravans or trailers. It is however ideal for motorcycles.
 Hongze Lake (Chinese: 洪澤湖; pinyin: Hóngzé Hú) is located in Jiangsu Province China and is encompassed by the prefecture-level cities Suqian (Sihong County and Siyang County) and Huai'an (Xuyi County and Hongze County). Lake Hongze is the fourth largest freshwater lake in China.
 Bunsen Peak el. 8527 feet (2599 m) is a prominent peak due south of Mammoth Hot Springs in Yellowstone National Park Wyoming. The peak lies on the east flank of Kingman Pass on the Mammoth to Norris section of the Grand Loop Road. The peak was first ascended by Ferdinand V. Hayden and Captain John W. Barlow in 1871 Bunsen Peak was not named until 1872 during the second Hayden Geologic Survey. E. S. Topping named the peak Observation Mountain in 1872 as well but that name did not stick.
 The Buchbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Grieg is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 65 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Grieg is named for the Norwegian composer Edvard Grieg who lived from 1843 to 1907.
 The Gwächtenhorn is a 3420 metres high mountain in the Urner Alps located on the border between the cantons of Bern and Uri. It overlooks the Stein Glacier and the Susten Pass on its north side (Bern) and the Chelen Glacier on its south side (Uri).Being covered by snow from the summit to the bottom the north side of the Gwächtenhorn is much appreciated by skiers.
 The Höllpass is a 683 m high mountain pass in the northern part of the Fichtelgebirge Mountains in Bavaria Germany. The Höllpass is located in the northwest of the horseshoe-shaped Fichtelgebirge range the horseshoe being open to the east.
 Hemlock Creek is a stream in Columbia County Pennsylvania in the United States. It is 7.6 miles (12.2 km) in length. The stream is a tributary of Fishing Creek. It is primarily in Madison and Hemlock Townships. Its named tributaries are West Hemlock Creek and Frozen Run. Hemlock Creek flows through Montour Ridge. Industries in the vicinity of Hemlock Creek have largely consisted of mills and iron mines.
 The Lunca Oamenilor River or Trocan River is a tributary of the Voineasa Mare River in Romania.
 Lake Tanuki (田貫湖 Tanuki-ko) is a lake near Mount Fuji Japan. It is located in Fujinomiya Shizuoka Prefecture and is part of the Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park.
 Go Home Lake is a lake in west central Ontario in the Township of Georgian Bay District of Muskoka. Go Home Lake was created in the 1950s by the construction of two dams. It was named after Go Home Bay immediately downstream.
 Sheep Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 601.Sheep Lake is just south of Calkens Peak northeast of D. O. Lee Peak and downstream of Slide and Neck Lakes.
 The Lippe (German pronunciation: [ˈlɪpə]) is a river in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. It is a right tributary of the Rhine and 255 km (158 mi) in length.The source is located at the edge of the Teutoburg Forest in Bad Lippspringe close to the city of Paderborn. It runs westward through Paderborn Lippstadt and then along the northern edge of the Ruhr area crossing the city of Hamm and the towns Lünen Haltern and Dorsten.
 The Leogang Mountains (German: Leoganger Steinberge lit. Leogang Rock Mountains) are a mountain range in Austria in the state of Salzburg and form part of the Northern Limestone Alps within the Eastern Alps.
 The Crêt du Midi is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking Vercorin in the canton of Valais. The summit is accessible by cable car from Chalais or Vercorin (near Sierre).
 Packsattel (el. 1169 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the Lavant River valley in Carinthia and the Bundesland of Styria. It connects Pack & Preitenegg.
 The Thurso River is a river in northern Fiordland New Zealand. It rises west of Mount Pembroke and flows westward into the Tasman Sea north of Milford Sound.
 The Bărbat River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 Lake Corella was created in 1959 by the construction of the Clem Walton Dam to provide town water for Mary Kathleen Uranium Mine. When full it has a surface area of 320 hectares and holds 15300 ML of water at an average depth of 4.8 metres however a hole in the dam wall prevents this reservoir ever being full.(citation?)
 Mission Creek (from Spanish: misión) is a river in San Francisco California.Once navigable from the bay inland to the vicinity of Mission Dolores where several smaller creeks converged to form it Mission Creek has long since been largely culverted. Its only remaining portion above-ground is the Mission Creek Channel which drains into China Basin.
 Biliran is an solfataric active volcano and a volcanic island located in Biliran Province of the Eastern Visayas Region (Region VIII) in Visayas islands group of the central Philippines. It is one of the active volcanoes in the Philippines.
 The Moș Gavrilă River is a tributary of the Cărbunele River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 The Bielerhöhe Pass (elevation 2071 m 6795 ft) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the Bundesländer of Vorarlberg and Tyrol.It connects Montafon in Vorarlberg and the Paznaun valley in Tyrol. At the top of the pass are several restaurants and hotels.The pass is closed to normal traffic from November to April.
 Thorong La or Thorung La is a summit pass located 5416 metres (17769 ft) above sea level in the Damodar Himal north of the Annapurna Himal in central Nepal. It connects the village of Manang (3540 m) in the Manang district to the east with the temple of Muktinath (3800 m) and the village of Ranipauwa (3700 m) to the west in the Mustang district. It is regularly used by local traders.
 The Kamala River (Hindi and Nepali: कमला नदी kamalā nadī) flows through Nepal and the Indian state of Bihar.
 Hoherodskopf is a mountain peak in the Vogelsberg of Hesse Germany. It is a Miocene basaltic extinct volcano.
 Freshwater Lagoon is the northernmost and smallest of three similar lagoons along the Humboldt County California coast between Trinidad to the south and Orick at the mouth of Redwood Creek to the north. The lagoons are shallow bays between rocky headlands where coastal wave action has formed a sandy bar separating each lagoon from the Pacific Ocean.
 Hapush Mountain is a long narrow mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 19 km (12 mi) east of Woss and 4 km (2 mi) north of Mount Abel.
 Bare Rock Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Pârâul Cărbunarilor River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Cișmelei is a tributary of the Bella river in Romania.
 The Doller is a river in Alsace (Haut-Rhin) in north-eastern France. It is a left tributary of the Ill (a tributary of the Rhine) in Mulhouse. The source of the Doller is in the Vosges Mountains east of the Ballon d'Alsace at 940 m elevation. It flows generally east through the towns Sewen Dolleren Masevaux Sentheim Reiningue before it enters the Ill in Mulhouse.A Doller can also refer to a string tied in the doll knot.
 Klofjell is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 The Căluiețul Mic River is a tributary of the Călui River in Romania.
 Monte Accellica is a mountain in the Monti Picentini range located in Campania Italy. The mountain is 1660 metres (5446 feet) tall and is situated on the border between the provinces of Salerno and Avellino divided between the comuni of Acerno Giffoni Valle Piana and Montella. Several rivers typical of the region have their sources on the slopes of Monte Accellica including the Picentino the Tusciano and the Calore Irpino which is itself the largest tributary of the Volturno.
 Gore Mountain is a mountain located near the village of North Creek in Warren County New York of which its peak is the highest point. Gore is flanked to the north by South Mountain and to the southwest by Height of Land Mountain.The mountain is the site of the popular Gore Mountain ski resort.
 The Rapid River is a river in Stikine Region British Columbia Canada. It begins at Cry Lake at an elevation of 1173 metres (3848 ft) at Cry Lake. It travels north to its mouth at the Dease River at an elevation of 687 metres (2254 ft) 8.7 kilometres (5.4 mi) southeast of British Columbia Highway 37.
 Luq'umayu (Quechua luq'u old hat that has lost ist form / hollow depression (of an area) mayu river hollow river hispanicized spellings Lucumayo Lucumayu) is a river in Peru located in the Cusco Region La Convención Province Huayopata District. Its waters flow to the Willkanuta River.Luq'umayu originates in the Urupampa mountain range near the mountain Willka Wiqi.
 Kämpfelbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Buttermere is a lake in the English Lake District in North West England. The adjacent village of Buttermere takes its name from the lake. Historically in Cumberland the lake is now within the county of Cumbria. It is owned by the National Trust forming part of their Buttermere and Ennerdale property.
 The Los Jinetes are a mountain range in Kings County California.
 The Jacutinga River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Pellice (in Piedmontese Pélis) is a 53 km (33 mi) Italian torrent which runs through the Province of Turin. It is a tributary of the Po River into which it flows near Villafranca Piemonte.
 The Boșneag River or Boșneagu River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Little Cottonwood River is a tributary of the Minnesota River 83 miles (133 km) long in southwestern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Minnesota River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 230 square miles (596 km²) in an agricultural region.The Little Cottonwood River rises south of Jeffers in Amboy Township in Cottonwood County beginning as a drainage ditch constructed in 1997.
 The Hiwassee River has its headwaters on the north slope of Rocky Mountain in Towns County in northern Georgia (as the Hiawassee River) and flows northward into North Carolina (there assuming its more common moniker Hiwassee) before turning westward into Tennessee flowing into the Tennessee River a few miles west of State Route 58 in Meigs County Tennessee. The river is 147 miles (237 km) long.
 The Sterminos River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
 Cirocha (Hungarian: Ciróka) is a 56.6 km long river and tributary of Laborec in the Prešov Region of eastern Slovakia. Its watershed basin area is around 499 km² and the average flow is 285 m³/s in Snina.
 The Yazoo River is a river in the U.S. state of Mississippi.The Yazoo River was named by French explorer La Salle in 1682 as Rivière des Yazous in reference to the Yazoo tribe living near the river's mouth. The exact meaning of the term is unclear. One long held belief is that it means river of death.The river is 188 miles (303 km) long and is formed by the confluence of the Tallahatchie River and the Yalobusha River in Greenwood.
 The Potârnichea River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
 Mount Kaweah is a mountain in California's Sequoia National Park and forms part of the Kaweah Peaks Ridge a spur of the Great Western Divide which extends south form Triple Divide Peak. It has a summit elevation of 13807 feet (4208 m) the highest along the Kaweah ridge.The peak was named for the Kaweah River which has its headwaters to the west of the Kaweah Peaks Ridge. The Kaweahs however drain into the Kern River.
 The Valea Poienii River or Valea Cheișoarei River is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
 The Haloșul Mare River is a tributary of the Caşin River in Romania.
 The Waiska River is a 15.2-mile-long (24.5 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It flows through Kinross Township in Chippewa County ending at Waiska Bay on the St. Marys River near the eastern end of Lake Superior.
 The Parrotspitze (in Italian the Punta Parrot) (4432 m) is a peak in the Pennine Alps of Italy and Switzerland. It is located south of Dufourspitze in the Monte Rosa Massif. The mountain is named after Johann Jakob Friedrich Wilhelm Parrot a German doctor who made an attempt on the Piramide Vincent with Joseph Zumstein in 1816. The first ascent was made by Reginald S.
 Bear Lake Nova Scotia is a lake of Colchester County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Minnitaki Lake is a large lake with numerous islands in Kenora District Ontario Canada. The nearest city is Sioux Lookout.
 This is about the river in India for a river in Vietnam see Son River (Vietnam).Son River (also spelt Sone; Hindi: सोन नदी) of central India is the largest of the Ganges' southern tributaries.
 Hohes Lohr is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Nammijärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Paatsjoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Lapland in Finland. The whole lake is situated in Vätsäri Wilderness Area.
 Bjornesfjorden is a lake in the municipality of Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud county Norway.
 The Christmas Mountains are a small range of mountains next to Big Bend National Park in Brewster County Texas United States. The highest peak is 5728 feet (1746 m) above sea level. The Richard K. Mellon Foundation through the Conservation Fund donated the 9270 acres (37.5 km2) of land to the State of Texas in 1991 for use as or inclusion in a nature park wildlife refuge recreational area or similarly designated use area.
 Nystølfjorden is a lake in the municipalities of Birkenes and Froland in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is part of the Tovdalselva river drainage basin. It flows into the Vågsdalsfjorden and eventually the Uldalsåna before emptying into the Tovdalselva river.
 The Lupul River is a tributary of the Călineşti River in Romania.
 Leppe is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Yōrō River (養老川 Yōrōgawa) is a river in Chiba Prefecture Japan. It is 73.4 kilometers (45.6 mi) in length and has a drainage area of 260 square kilometers (100 sq mi). Under the Rivers Act of 1906 the Yōrō is designated as a Class 2 River.
 Tysdalsvatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Hjelmeland and Strand in Rogaland county Norway.
 Tverrfjellet (Dovre) is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Stuchd an Lochain (Gaelic: Stuc an Lochain) is a Munro situated in the Southern Highlands of Scotland. It lies at the western end of Glen Lyon and forms the southern side of Loch an Daimh. The summit sits above a large corrie that contains a small lochan. The primary route to the summit leaves from the eastern end of Loch an Daimh and climbs the ridge to the top of Sron Chona Choirein. From here the ridge turns roughly north for a short distance before turning north-west to the summit.
 Connolly Dam Located in a pristine mountain valley 15 km southeast of Warwick in Queensland Australia. Connolly Dam is a 52 hectares 2592 megalitre impoundment has an average depth of 16 metres (at full capacity). The dam was constructed in 1927 on Rosenthall Creek and services the Warwick shire. It is also called Silverwood Dam.
 The Fil Spadla (2963 m) is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located north of Scuol in the canton of Graubünden. It has two secondary summits: the western summit (2868 m) and the eastern summit (Piz Spadla 2912 m).
 Dublin Pond or Dublin Lake is a 240-acre (0.97 km2) water body located in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire United States in the town of Dublin. The pond lies at an elevation of 1480 feet (451 m) above sea level near the height of land between the Connecticut River/Long Island Sound watershed to the west and the Merrimack River/Gulf of Maine watershed to the east.
 Rio Pequeno (Portuguese for little river) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Blea Water is a tarn or corrie lake which occupies a glacially excavated hollow immediately to the east of High Street in the Lake District England. At just over 200ft (61m) deep it is the deepest tarn in the Lake District.
 Monte Vettore is a mountain on the border between Umbria and the Marche in central Italy. It is part of the Sibillini mountains range and lies in the Parco Nazionale dei Monti Sibillini. Today climbers reach it from the Umbrian side from Norcia or on the Marche side from Ascoli Piceno.
 Neison is a lunar crater that lies to the south of the crater Meton in the northern part of the Moon. The high latitude of this crater means that the crater appears foreshortened when viewed from the Earth having an elliptical appearance even though it is nearly circular in shape.The outer rim of this crater has been heavily worn and eroded by smaller impacts leaving only a low uneven ridge surrounding the interior.
 Quri Ch'uma (Aymara quri gold ch'uma filtering gold filtering hispanicized spellings Corichuma Corri Chuma Khori Chuma Korichuma) also Inmaculado is a mountain in the Bolivian Andes about 5312 metres (17428 ft) high. It lies in the Kimsa Cruz mountain range north west of the Yaypuri. It is situated in the La Paz Department Loayza Province on the border of the Cairoma Municipality and the Malla Municipality.
 The Leu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 The Río Toa Vaca is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Ahmar Mountains is an average elevation of 2965 metres (9728 ft) above sea level and much of its territory is mountains and the ecology of this landform is semi-desert. The mountain is located approximately 11 km (7 mi) South of Dire Dawa (Ethiopia) 12 km (7 mi) from Jijiga by road.
 Black Chew Head in Saddleworth in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham is the highest point or county top of Greater Manchester in northern England. It stands on moorland on the edge of the Peak District at a height of 542 metres (1778 ft) above sea level. The higher part of the Chew Valley is across the border with High Peak in Derbyshire. Black Chew Head is an outlying part of Black Hill meaning Kinder Scout is its parent peak.
 Skarfjellet is a 1790-metre (5870 ft) tall mountain in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It lies along the southern side of the Innerdalen valley just west of the mountain Innerdalstårnet and about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) northeast of the village of Sunndalsøra. It is the northern peak along the Trolla ridge where the highest point is Store Trolla at 1850 metres (6070 ft). The mountain is a popular rock climbing destination.
 The Vorder Glärnisch (2327 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking the valley of the Linth in the canton of Glarus. It lies east of the higher Glärnisch (2914 m).Unlike its higher neighbour the Vorder Glärnisch can be ascended via a trail on its north-west side.
 The Acaraú River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Struga is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Karangetang (also known as Api Siau) is a volcano located on the north side of Siau Island in Indonesia. The island is inhabited by 22000 people. It is one of the most active volcanoes in Indonesia having erupted forty-one times since 1675. A pyroclastic flow in 1997 killed three people.
 Trillium Lake is a lake situated 7.5 miles (12.1 km) south-southwest of Mount Hood in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is formed by a dam at the headwaters of Mud Creek tributary to the Salmon River. It was created by the state Department of Fish and Wildlife in 1960.The area which is now the lake was part of the Barlow Road a component of the Oregon Trail. A log road across marshes allowed immigrants to pass to Summit Meadow which was a toll station 1866—1870.
 Sipapo River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Yokun Ridge is a ridge in the Taconic Mountains in Berkshire County Massachusetts consisting of a well-defined series of contiguous peaks including West Stockbridge Mountain and Lenox Mountain. The name Yokun Ridge was first applied to the ridge in 1971 by the Berkshire Natural Resources Council and was subsequently designated by the United States Board on Geographic Names in 2009.
 The Bockkarkopf is a mountain 2609 m high and part of the main ridge of the Allgäu Alps. It is the ninth highest peak in the Allgäu Alps and is located between the Wilder Mann to the southwest and the Hochfrottspitze to the northeast. The busy Heilbronn Way (Heilbronner Weg) runs over the pyramidal peak.The Bavarian border with Tyrol runs over the summit.
 Trinity Lake previously called Clair Engle Lake is an artificial lake on the Trinity River formed by the Trinity Dam and located in Trinity County California. The dam was built by the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation. The lake's capacity is 2447650 acre·ft (3019130 dam3) making it one of the largest reservoirs in California. The lake's surface is at 2370 ft (720 m) above MSL.
 Lac du Tolerme is a lake in Lot France. At an elevation of 532 m its surface area is 0.38 km².The Lac de Tolerme is located between the communes of Gorses and Sénaillac-Latronquière.
 Lake Ioannina (Greek: Λίμνη Ιωαννίνων Limni Ioanninon) also Pamvotida (Greek: Παμβώτιδα) or Pamvotis (Greek: Παμβώτις) is the largest lake of Epirus located in the central part of the Ioannina regional unit in northern Greece. Ioannina to the west and the town of Perama to the north are urban settlements fringing the lake while the remaining of its periphery is composed of farmland. The lake features small fishing ports and a boating port.
 Klitsa Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 26 km (16 mi) west of Beaver Creek and 59 km (37 mi) southeast of Golden Hinde.
 Bolshoy Semyachik (Russian: Большой Семячик) is a volcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It consists of a group of a few stratovolcanoes and lava domes.
 Gernon Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located on the south side of the Queen Maud Gulf off Nunavut's mainland.Campbell Bay and Chester Bay are nearby.The mouth of the Ellice River opens between Gernon Bay and Campbell Bay.
 Lonar Lake (Marathi: लोणार सरोवर) is a saline soda lake located at Lonar in Buldana district Maharashtra India which was created by a meteor impact during the Pleistocene Epoch. This lake which lies in a basalt impact structure is both saline and alkaline in nature. Geologists ecologists archaeologists naturalists and astronomers have reported several studies on the various aspects of this crater lake ecosystem.
 Mount Pieter Botte also known as Ngalba-bulal Alpaboolal (meaning big top) or Barbar (meaning elder sister) is a mountain in the tableland region behind Cape Tribulation in Far North Queensland Australia. In was named in 1848 by Captain Owen Stanley of the survey ship HMS Rattlesnake. The name was chosen by those on board the Rattlesnake. (from Voyage of Rattlesnake page 104) because of its resemblance to Peter Botte Mountain a famous peak on the island of Mauritius.
 Gisborne Flowage is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mechower See is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 31.5 m its surface area is 1.64 km².
 Turtle Creek is a community South West of Riverview in Albert County New Brunswick Canada. The community is located on named after the Turtle Creek and is located on Route 910.
 The Studineț River or Studinești River is a tributary of the Tutova River in Romania.
 Amana River is a river of north-eastern Venezuela. It flows into the Gulf of Paria via the Guanipa River.
 Lake Kremasta (Greek: Λίμνη Κρεμαστών) is the largest artificial lake in Greece. The construction of Kremasta Dam was completed in 1965 concentrating waters from four rivers: Acheloos Agrafiotis Tavropos and Trikeriotis. The water that is accumulated in the artificial lake is about 3.8 cubic kilometres (3100000 acre·ft). It prevents flooding of the Acheloos and supplies electricity to the national grid during peaks of demand.
 Gruna (Wesenitz) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Ifinger is a mountain in the Sarntal Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Wamma River is a river in northern New Guinea Indonesia.
 The Camaquã River (Portuguese pronunciation: [kamakuˈɐ̃ or kamaˈkwɐ̃]) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Monte Zoncolan (el.1750 metres (5740 ft)) is a mountain in the Carnic Alps located in the region of Friuli-Venezia Giulia Italy. It is one of the most demanding climbs in professional road bicycle racing having been used in the Giro d'Italia four times (2003 2007 2010 2011) and the Giro Donne once (1997).
 Belgenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Vaikne is a lake in the of Estonia. It is just outside the town of Elva about 30 km southeast of the capital Tartu.
 The river Lewaja Lasnaja (Belarusian: Левая Лясная) in western Belarus is a right bank tributary of the Bug River. Average discharge at the mouth of 36 m3. The average slope of water surface 05 ‰. The Narewka flows through Pruzhany Raion and Kamenets Raion areas of Brest Voblast of Belarus. River flows through: Mylnisk Kamyanyets Vuglyany. Tributaries: Leśna Prawa Wishnia.
 Lundmark is an eroded crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southwest of the Mare Ingenii one of the rare mare areas on the far side. Nearly attached to the southwestern outer rim of Lundmark is the crater Koch and located to the northwest is the flooded Jules Verne.It is a heavily worn and damaged crater formation that is marked by a number of smaller craters along the sides and interior.
 The Jijila River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania. It flows into Lake Jijila
 Gråhøe i Rondane is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The 2010 eruptions of Mount Merapi began in late October 2010 when Mount Merapi in Central Java Indonesia began an increasingly violent series of eruptions that continued into November. Seismic activity around the volcano increased from mid-September onwards culminating in repeated outbursts lava and ashes. Large eruption columns formed causing numerous pyroclastic flows down the heavily populated slopes of the volcano.
 Lossa (Mulde) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The McNeil River is a river on the eastern drainage of the Alaska Peninsula near its base and conjunction with the Alaska mainland. The McNeil emerges from glaciers and alpine lakes in the mountains of the Aleutian Range. The river's destination is the Cook Inlet in Alaska's southwest. The McNeil is the prime habitat of numerous animals but it is famous for its salmon and brown bears.
 Morre Alto is the highest mountain of Flores Azores Portugal.
 Låven is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Kamundan River is a river in southern West Papua Indonesia.
 The Maccan River is a small tidal river contained completely within Cumberland County Nova Scotia. The river terminates at the confluence of River Hebert at Amherst Point and empties into the Cumberland Basin. The river's tidal bore may be viewed from the Tidal Wetlands Park in Maccan. According to estimates by the Province of Nova Scotia there are 9092 people resident within the Maccan/Kelly/Hebert watershed in 2011.Tributaries include the Nappan River Patton Creek St.
 Mount Charles Stewart is a mountain located in the Bow River valley of Banff National Park. The mountain was named in 1928 after Charles Stewart who served as premier of Alberta from 1917 to 1921.
 Lac d'Anterne is a lake near Sixt-Fer-à-Cheval in the commune of Passy in the Haute-Savoie department of France. It is located in the Sixt-Passy nature preserve.
 The Aria Vulturilor River is a tributary of the Cârligate River in Romania
 Vermilion Peak is a mountain in Colorado. It is one of 637 Colorado peaks above 13000 feet (3962 m). It is located in the San Juan Range and is the 74th highest mountain in Colorado. It is named Vermilion Peak because of the red-orange color it takes on when the sun shines on it. It is 9.7 miles ESE of Gladstone Peak.
 The Flüela Schwarzhorn is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking the Flüela Pass in the canton of Graubünden. With a height of 3146 metres above sea level it is the highest point of the Albula Alps north of the Fuorcla da Grialetsch (2537 m). From the Flüela Pass a trail lead to the summit.
 Frenchman Lake (a.k.a. Frenchmen's Reservoir and several derivations thereof) is located in Southeastern Plumas County California and was created by the damming of Little Last Chance Creek.
 The Tatra Mountains Tatras or Tatra (Tatry either in Polish and in Slovak - plurale tantum) are a mountain range that form a natural border between Slovakia and Poland. They are the highest mountain range in the Carpathian Mountains.
 Mount Ainslie is a hill with an elevation of 843 metres (2766 ft) AHD  that is located in the northeastern suburbs of Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory Australia. Mount Ainslie lies within part of the Canberra Nature Park.
 Guaniguanico also known as Cordillera de Guaniguanico is a mountain range of western Cuba that spans from the centre-west of Pinar del Río Province to the western area of Artemisa Province. It is formed by the subranges of Sierra del Rosario and Sierra de los Órganos.
 Haag is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Purificación River (Jalisco) is a river of Mexico.
 Lac de la Fauge is a lake at Étival in the Jura department of France. With the nearby Lacs d'Etival it is part of the preserve Complexe des bois et du lac de l'Assencière .
 Einthoven is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It is located beyond the region of the surface that is sometimes brought into view due to libration and so can not be viewed from the Earth. Einthoven is located to the northeast of the huge walled plain Pasteur.This is a circular crater with some minor terrace structure along the inner rim. The satellite crater Einthoven X is attached to the northwestern rim and is partly overlaid by Einthoven.
 Harunobu is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 110 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Harunobu is named for the Japanese artist Suzuki Harunobu who lived from 1720 or 1724 to 1770.
 Monte Rama is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines.
 Mount Pendan is an active volcano on Sumatra Indonesia. There is little known about the volcano.
 The Peneuș River is a tributary of the Cumpăniţa River in Romania.
 Mingli Sar is a mountain located in the Shimshal valley in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. The mountain located in the Karakoram mountain range is 6050 meters high and located at the southernmost part of the Pamir mountain range. It was first climbed in 1988 by the famous Pakistani climber Nazir Sabir. Shimshal lake sits at the base of the mountain. China is located to the north while to the left is the Hindukush mountain range. K2 is located on the south eastern side of the valley.
 The Belmeken (Bulgarian: Белмекен) dam is situated in the Rila Mountains and is the highest dam lake on the Balkan peninsula. There is a pumped-storage plant built on the lake (PSP) (Bulgarian: ПАВЕЦ). It is part of the cascade Belmeken-Chaira-Sestrimo. Part of the water used in the PSP is returned by its pumps while the rest is sent through tunnels in the Sestriomo WPP (Water Power Plant). From there it flows again through tunnels to the third and last dam with Chaira PSP.
 Mud Creek (Angelina River) is a river in Texas.
 Addams is a crater on Venus. It was named after Jane Addams.
 Black Reef el. 6378 feet (1944 m) is a small mountain range west of Augusta Montana in Lewis and Clark County Montana.
 Mount Ansel Adams is a peak in the Sierra Nevada of California. The mountain is on the boundary between Yosemite National Park and the Ansel Adams Wilderness (in the Sierra National Forest) and is at the head of the Lyell Fork of the Merced River 0.8 miles (1.3 km) northeast of Foerster Peak and 1.3 miles (2.1 km) west-southwest of Electra Peak.
 The Cotârgaci River is a tributary of the Morișca River in Romania.
 The Kistenpass (from German Romansh: Pass Lembra) is an Alpine pass lying on the border between the Swiss cantons of Glarus and Graubünden. At 2503 metres above sea level it is the lowest point on chain connecting the Hausstock from the Tödi in the Glarus Alps. The pass lies between the valleys of the Limmernsee (Glarus) and Val Frisal (Graubünden).A trail crosses the range just north of the Kistenpass at a height of 2640 metres connecting Linthal to Breil/Brigels.
 Bonghwasan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 920 metres.
 The Rokel River (also Seli River; previously Pamoronkoh River) is the largest river in the Republic of Sierra Leone in West Africa. The river basin measures 10622 square kilometres (4101 sq mi) in size with the drainage divided by the Gbengbe and Kabala hills and the Sula Mountains. The estuary which extends over an area of 2950 square kilometres (1140 sq mi) became a Ramsar wetland site of importance in 1999.
 Isbanir Fossa is a north-south trending scarp on Saturn's moon Enceladus. Isbanir Fossa was first seen in Voyager 2 images though a small section was see at much higher resolution by Cassini. It is centred at 12.6° North Latitude 354.0° West Longitude and is approximately 132 kilometres long.
 Hmuifang is a tourist spot near Aizawl Mizoram. It is about 50 km from Aizawl With an elevation of 1619 metres the mountain is still covered with virgin forests reserved since the Mizo Chief's time. Hmuifang is on the way to Lunglei.
 The Monteregian Hills (French: Collines Montérégiennes) is a linear chain of isolated hills in Montreal and the Montérégie between the Laurentians and the Appalachians.They are named for Mount Royal (Latin Mons Regius) their best-known (but not tallest) member. Other hills in the chain include Mont Saint-Bruno Mont Saint-Hilaire Mont Saint-Grégoire Mont Rougemont Mont Yamaska Mont Shefford and Mont Brome.
 Rombaken or Rombaksfjord (Northern Sami: Ruoppat) is a fjord branch of the Ofotfjorden in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. The fjord has a length of about 20 kilometres (12 mi) and is surrounded by steep mountainsides. The European route E06 and European route E10 highways run along the northern and southern shores of the fjord.
 Mons Ardeshir is one of the mountains on the Moon. Its diameter is 8 km. In 1976 it was named after the Persian king Ardashir I.Coordinates: 5.0°N 121.0°E﻿ / 5.0; 121.0
 Mount Hebo is a mountain located on the border of Tillamook County and Yamhill County in the U.S. state of Oregon. Mount Hebo is known for being one of the best most easily accessed viewpoints in the north Oregon Coast with a 360-degree view from the summit.Mount Hebo is part of the Northern Oregon Coast Range and is located in the Siuslaw National Forest overlooking the Pacific Ocean.
 Liaodong Bay (simplified Chinese: 辽东湾; traditional Chinese: 遼東灣; pinyin: Liáodōng Wān) is one of the three bays forming the Bohai Gulf the innermost gulf of the Yellow Sea in northeast China. It borders Liaoning province.The three bays are Laizhou Bay to the south Liaodong Bay to the north and Bohai Bay to the west.
 The Valea Ștefii River is a tributary of the Pogăniş River in Romania.
 The Jundiaí River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Callide Dam was constructed in 1965 to supply water for a nearby power station in Biloela in the state of Queensland Australia.
 Black Mountain is a summit on Monte Bello Ridge in the Santa Cruz Mountains of west Santa Clara County California south of Los Altos and Los Altos Hills and west of Cupertino. It is located on the border between Rancho San Antonio Open Space Preserve and Monte Bello Open Space Preserve with the summit located in the former.
 The Râul Sec or Secu River or Racovița River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Slumbering Hills are a mountain range in Humboldt County Nevada.
 Winnapaug Pond (also known as Brightman Pond) is a breached saltwater pond in Westerly Rhode Island United States connected to Block Island Sound by the Weekapaug Breachway which was constructed during the mid-1950s. The 2.5-mile (4.0 km) lake is separated from the Atlantic by a large sandbar. In 2010 its overall water quality was assessed as good. Winnapaug is relatively small and shallow and is favorable for kayaking.
 Theodul Pass elevation 3295 metres (10810 ft) (German: Theodulpass Italian: Colle del Teodulo French: Col de Saint-Théodule Walser German: Théoduljoch) is a high mountain pass across the eastern Pennine Alps connecting Zermatt in the Swiss canton of Valais and Breuil-Cervinia in the Italian region of Aosta Valley.
 The Stura del Monferrato (also known as the Stura piccola and the Stura di Casale in each case to distinguish it from other Piedmontese watercourses of the same name: the Stura di Lanzo the Stura di Demonte and the Stura di Ovada) is a 36.7 km stream which runs through Murisengo Cerrina Monferrato Mombello Monferrato and Pontestura in the Italian Province of Alessandria.A right tributary of the Po River it flows in a northeasterly direction within the hilly region of the Basso Monferrato through the Val Cerrina. 
 The Sulzfluh is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps located on the border between Austria and Switzerland. The closest locality is St. Antönien on the southern side.It is well known by climbers and has a Via ferrata on the southern Swiss face in Graubünden.
 Cajori is a lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southwest of the walled plain Von Kármán and to the east-southeast of the crater Chrétien.The outer rim of Cajori has been heavily damaged by impacts leaving a disintegrating outer perimeter that is irregular and notched along its edges. Several small craters lie along the edge with the most notable being Cajori K attached to the southeast rim.
 Nuoramoisjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the Päijänne Tavastia region.
 The Provița River is a tributary of the Cricovul Dulce River in Romania.
 Vermunden is a lake in the municipality of Åsnes in Hedmark county Norway.
 Jayaco River (Spanish: Río Jayaco) is a 14.58 km (9.06 mi) long river in the Dominican Republic province of Monseñor Nouel. A part of the Yuna River watershed the river originates in Hoyo Redonda within the Cordillera Central mountain range.The river flows east from its source and reaches its mouth at the Rincón Reservoir (Spanish: Presa de Rincón) a part of the Jima River.
 Knocknarea (/nɒknəˈreɪ/; Irish: Cnoc na Riabh) is a large hill west of Sligo town in County Sligo Republic of Ireland. The 327-metre (1073 ft) high limestone hill is visually striking as it is monolithic in appearance and stands in a prominent position on the Cúil Irra peninsula between the bays of Sligo and Ballysadare. At the summit is a large mound (or cairn) of loose stones. Although it has not been excavated it is believed to conceal a Neolithic passage tomb.
 The Birdeana River is a tributary of the Pogăniş River in Romania.The mouth of the River is located south of the tributary and delta along the Pogăniș River.
 The Buna is a short river in Bosnia and Herzegovina; it is a left bank tributary of the Neretva. Its source (Vrelo Bune) a strong karstic spring is near the village Blagaj southeast of Mostar. Actually it is best known by famous Buna Spring (Vrelo Bune) one of the strongest spring in Europe and extremely cold water. The Buna flows west for approximately 9 km starts at Blagaj and meandering through villages Blagaj Kosor Malo Polje Hodbina and joins the Neretva at Buna village.
 Col du Mont d'Orzeires (el. 1060 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Schoolcraft County Michigan United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 679 feet (207 m).
 Gobba di Rollin is a summit in the Pennine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It is the highest point of the ski area Matterhorn Glacier Paradise above Zermatt. The north side is almost flat and can be reached easily (piste) from the Klein Matterhorn station (3820 m).
 The Moran River is a 2.2-mile-long (3.5 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It begins at the outlet of Chain Lake just west of St. Ignace and flows west through Freschette Lake to Lake Michigan at West Moran Bay.
 The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
 The Mangaone River is a river of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island. Rising on the slopes of Mt Baker it flows north and northeast to meet the Tiraumea River 2 km south of the settlement of Kaitawa
 The Tiniș River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The Usk Reservoir is located in the upper Usk Valley at 1050 feet (320 m) above sea level in Carmarthenshire south Wales. The reservoir is situated in part of the Brecon Beacons National Park. Completed in 1955 it now covers some 280 acres (110 ha) of land. It can be located just off the minor road between Trecastle and Llanddeusant 7 miles (11 km) west of Sennybridge.On January 6 2008 (Unofficially) a temperature of −16.5 °C (2.3 °F) was recorded nearby.
 Greer Spring is a first magnitude spring located in the southeast portion of the Ozark Plateau in Oregon County in south-central Missouri within the boundaries of the Mark Twain National Forest. The spring is the second largest spring in the Ozarks with an average discharge of 360 cubic feet (10 m3) of water per second. Big Spring in neighboring Carter County is the largest spring in the Ozarks region. Greer Spring was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1980.
 The Katsura River (桂川 Katsura-gawa) is a continuation of two other rivers the Hozu River a small speedy river which begins in the mountains near Kameoka and then slithers through the mountains separating Kameoka and Kyoto; and the Ōi River (大堰川 Ōi-gawa) which emerges from those mountains and expands into a shallow slow-flowing river until Togetsukyo Bridge in Arashiyama.
 Stepovak Bay is a bay located on the Alaska Peninsula Alaska on the Gulf of Alaska. It is framed by the Stepovak Bay group of volcanoes a chain of 5 cinder cone volcanoes in the Aleutian Arc. The volcanoes include Kupreanof and four numbered volcanoes (1 2 3 4).It was named Stepovakho Bay or Stepof's Bay by the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey in 1888 for Stepanof a captain.
 The Grenville River is a river of Grenada.
 Les Agudes is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1706 metres above sea level. It is straddling the municipalities of ARBÚCIES in la Selva region and Fogars Montclús and Montseny in the Vallès Oriental. Is the crash occurred Montseny 1970.
 Mount Subasio is a mountain of the Apennine mountains in the province of Perugia Umbria central Italy. On its slopes are located the ancient towns of Assisi and Spello. The mountain stands about 1290 metres above sea level. Its pink colored stones were used for many Franciscan buildings at the World Heritage site of Assisi. The area is included in the natural park Parco del Monte Subasio.
 The Little Hope River is a river of the northwest of New Zealand's South Island. It flows from the western flank of the Hope Saddle meeting with the waters of the Hope River after seven kilometres at the settlement of Glenhope. State Highway 6 follows the valley of the Little Hope River immediately after crossing the saddle.
 The Peaks of Otter are three mountain peaks in the Blue Ridge Mountains overlooking the town of Bedford Virginia nine miles (14 km) to the southeast along State Route 43. These peaks are Manmade Abbott Lake lies in the valley between the three peaks behind the Peaks of Otter Lodge and restaurant.
 Pranhita (Marathi: प्राणहिता Telugu: ప్రాణహిత) is the River which flows on the border of Gadchiroli district in Maharashtra and Adilabad district in Andhra Pradesh. Pranhita is the name given to the combined flow of the rivers Wardha and Wainganga.The Wardha River joins Wainganga near Kouthala and forms the Pranhita. The river then flows up to Sironcha before it empties into the Godavari Rivernear Sironcha in Maharashtra.
 Durer is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 180 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Durer is named for the German artist Albrecht Dürer who lived from 1471 to 1528.
 The Middle River is a tributary of the Des Moines River in south-central Iowa in the United States. It is 123 miles (198 km) long and drains an area of 489.5 square miles (1268 km2).
 The Siniloan River (Tagalog: Ilog ng Siniloan) also known as the Romelo River is a river system that runs through Siniloan Laguna on the island of Luzon in the Philippines. It is one of 21 River tributaries of Laguna de Bay and is regularly monitored by the Laguna Lake Development Authority (LLDA) through one of its 15 river monitoring stations.The river's headwaters can be found in the Sierra Madre Mountain Range particularly Mount Romelo for which the river is often alternately named.
 The Frasin River is a tributary of the Straja River in Romania.
 The Cupatitzio River is a river of Mexico. It has its main source in an outstandingly beautiful National Park in Uruapan Michoacan. Close to its source are two water falls: the larger Tzararacua and the Tzararacuita or little Tzararacua. After flowing some distance in the highland (Altiplano) of western-central Michoacan State the River takes a course mainly towards the south and finally drains into the Balsas River which in turn empties into the Pacific Ocean.
 Loch Earn (Scottish Gaelic Loch Eire/Loch Éireann) is a freshwater loch in the central highlands of Scotland in the districts of Perth and Kinross and Stirling. The name is thought to mean Loch of Ireland and it has been suggested that this might derive from the time when the Gaels were expanding their kingdom of Dál Riata eastwards into Pictland. It can be located on Satnav from postcodes including PH6 2NL.
 The Șipa River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Bewlay Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island south of west end of Sarita Lake and east of Bamfield.
 The Cireșna River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Odaesan also known as Mount Odaesan or Mount Odae (Hangul: 오대산; hanja: 五臺山) is a South Korean mountain peak in Gangwon South Korea standing at the junction of the districts of Gangneung Pyeongchang and Hongcheon. At an elevation of 1563 m (5128 ft) it is the centerpiece of Odaesan National Park.
 The Hordou River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 Sausal Creek 3.1 miles (5.0 km) long is one of the principal watercourses in Oakland California. The north fork of the creek also known as Shepherd Creek begins in the hills above Oakland running down Shepherd Canyon. The south fork also known as Palo Seco Creek also begins in the hills and runs down Palo Seco Canyon to a confluence with the north fork in the linear valley where the Montclair district is situated.
 The Mealy Mountains is a mountain range in the southern portion of Labrador in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. The mountains lie south of Lake Melville and cover an area of approximately 26495 km² (10231 mi²).The Mealy Mountains encompass five of Labrador’s ten provincial ecoregions including coastal barrens high sub arctic tundra high boreal forest mid boreal forest and string bog.
 The Bosnyak River or Busniac River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 Sighty Crag is a hill in the southern part of the Kielder Forest region in northern England a region which also includes its fellow Marilyns of Peel Fell and Larriston Fells. It is separated from its higher and more shapely counterpart Peel Fell by the low valley in which sits the village of Kielder.
 Windermere is the largest natural lake in England. It is a ribbon lake formed in a glacial trough after the retreat of ice at the start of the current interglacial. It has been one of the country's most popular places for holidays and summer homes since the arrival of the Kendal and Windermere Railway's branch line in 1847. It is in the county of Cumbria and entirely within the Lake District National Park.
 Arthur's Pike is a fell in the English Lake District near Ullswater. It is a subsidiary top on the ridge falling north from Loadpot Hill in the Far Eastern Fells. An extensive craggy face stands above the lower reach of Ullswater.
 The Poesten Kill is a 26.2-mile-long (42.2 km) creek in upstate New York located entirely in Rensselaer County which flows westerly from its source at Dyken Pond in the town of Berlin to its mouth at the Hudson River in the city of Troy.
 Iseler is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Kilsbach (Gersprenz) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Moffat hills are a range of hills in the Southern Uplands of Scotland. They form a distinctly triangular shape with a west facing side a north facing side and a south-east facing side. It is 17 kilometres from east to west across this triangle and some 16 kilometres north to south. The highest point is White Coomb at 821 m (2694 ft).
 Mount Afadjato is the highest mountain in Ghana at an altitude of 885 metres (2904 ft). The mountain is located in the Agumatsa Range near the villages of Liati Wote and Gbledi in the Volta Region of Ghana at the border with Togo. There is a nearby peak in Togo about 3 km to the northeast sometimes called Aduadu which is higher than Afadjato at over 900 m.
 Brunsbach (Sülz) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Cricket Mountains are a 35-mile (56 km) long mountain range located in central-south Millard County Utah on the east border of Sevier Lake in the Great Basin Desert.The southwest of the Cricket Mountains merges southwest into the smaller San Francisco Mountains on the southern border of Sevier Lake and on the east of Wah Wah Valley.
 Lake Winnebago is a 137700-acre (55700 ha; 215.2 sq mi) freshwater lake in eastern Wisconsin United States. It is the largest lake entirely within the state covering an area of about 30 by 10 miles (48 by 16 km) with 88 miles (142 km) of shoreline an average depth of 15.5 feet (4.7 m) and a maximum depth of 21 feet (6.4 m). It has many shallow reefs along the west shore and a drop-off type shoreline on the east.
 Arasvikfjord or Arasvikfjorden is fjord in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The fjord is located between Aure Municipality and Halsa Municipality in the Nordmøre region of the county. The fjord is part of the larger Vinjefjorden near where the Valsøyfjorden branches off to the south. The European route E39 highway runs along the south shore of the fjord through the village of Valsøyfjord.
 The Cerro de Arcos (English: Hill of arches) is a windswept rock formation in the high páramo of the Ecuadorian southern sierra. It is situated on the border between the provinces El Oro and Loja on the elevated plain between the Cordillera de Chilla and the Cordillera de Timbayacu at an altitude of 3700 m (12140 ft).The rock formation features towers columns and several of the eponymous arches formed by wind and weather erosion.
 The Weskeag River is a short tidal river in Knox County Maine. The Abenaki Indians called it Wessaweskeag meaning tidal creek or salt creek. From its source (44°04′13″N 69°09′38″W) in South Thomaston the river runs 1.2 miles (1.9 km) northeast and southeast to its confluence with Marsh Creek then 4.2 miles (6.8 km) southeast through its estuary to the Muscle Ridge Channel of West Penobscot Bay. Its mouth is on the border between the towns of South Thomaston and Owls Head.
 Cordón Puntas Negras is a 500 km2 (193 sq mi) volcanic chain located east of the Salar de Atacama in Chile's II Region which runs from the Chiliques volcano on the north to volcán Puntas Negras (5852 m (19199 ft)) almost 26 km (16 mi) to the SE. The Puntas Negras Volcano volcano forms the common endpoint of two chains of volcanoes in a V-shaped configuration.
 The Ibias is a river in northern Spain flowing from the Autonomous Community of Asturias into Galicia.
 The Fajada Gap is a geographical feature in the southwestern portion of Chaco Canyon which is part of the Chaco Culture National Historical Park located in the U.S. state of New Mexico. Surrounding Fajada Butte it consists of a conspicuous gap penetrating the Chacra Mesa which comprises much of the southwestern cliff faces hemming Chaco Canyon. Fajada Gap has historically helped funnel summer and winter thunderstorms and accompanying precipitation into the Chaco Canyon area.
 Bell is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just past the western limb. It lies in an area of terrain that is marked by many small craters a number of which are satellite craters of Bell listed in the table below. Bell lies within two crater diameters of Laue to the north and to the west of the smaller Helberg.The outer wall of Bell has been worn eroded and somewhat reshaped by subsequent impacts.
 The Gilorțel River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Gilorţelul Mare and Gilorţelul Mic
 Mount Lindesay (1373 metres) is a mountain east of Narrabri in northern New South Wales. It is part of the Nandewar Range and has been preserved within the Mount Kaputar National Park.Mount Lindesay is part of the remnants of the Nandewar extinct volcano that ceased activity about 17 million years ago after 4 million years of activity.
 The Valea cu Apă River is a tributary of the Valea lui Ivan River in Romania.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Răcăciuni River in Romania.
 The Vasilatu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Berryessa Creek is a seasonal creek in northeastern San Jose and Milpitas. Its main source is located in the Los Buellis Hills slightly west of Felter Road. Berryessa Creek has many tributaries including Piedmont Creek Calera Creek and Penitencia Creek. In the summer Berryessa Creek is mostly dry except in Milpitas where much of its water comes from urban runoff and tributaries. In winter however the creek can flood very high and pose a hazard for surrounding residences.
 The Powder River Pass is also the name of a football play taking place between Arkansas and Ole Miss in 1954.Powder River Pass (el. 9666 ft.) is a mountain pass in the Bighorn Mountains in Wyoming traversed by U.S. Highway 16. It is between the towns of Buffalo and Ten Sleep.
 Mount Church at 12200 feet (3700 m) above sea level is the third highest peak in Idaho and the Lost River Range. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest in Custer County. It is 1.45 mi (2.33 km) southeast of Leatherman Peak its line parent and 0.65 mi (1.05 km) northwest of Donaldson Peak. The peak has not been officially named or measured but it has been unofficially named after Frank Church a former Senator from Idaho.
 The Esla is a river in the provinces of León and Zamora in the northwest of Spain. It is a tributary of the Duero River which starts in the Cantabrian Mountains and has 286 km of length crossing from north to south the provinces of León and Zamora.
 Ibergeregg Pass (el. 1406 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland.It connects the city of Schwyz and Oberiberg. The pass road has a maximum grade of 14 percent.The area is a summer and winter resort with skiing and hiking. The headwaters of the Minster a tributary of the Sihl are near the pass. Surrounding peaks are the Furggelenstock and Firstspitz.The pass road leads further to the Sihlsee and Einsiedeln.
 The Peak Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located on the northwest side of the junction of Toodoggone River and Finlay River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Åresjön is a lake situated at 372.4 metres (1222 ft) above mean sea level in Åredalen Jämtland County Sweden with primary inflow and outflow being Indalsälven. The lake is 6.4189 km2 (2.4784 sq mi) large it has 9.8 metres (32 ft) of average depth and reaches 19.2 metres (63 ft) at the deepest point. The European route E14 and Mittbanan railway runs along the northern coastline through Åre and some minor settlements.
 The Razim River or Razelm River is a tributary of the Black Sea Lake Razelm in Romania
 Buck Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 The Rocky Hills el. 6916 feet (2108 m) is a small mountain range south of Bannack Montana in Beaverhead County Montana.
 Uddjaure is a lake in Norrbotten County Lappland Sweden adjacent to Lake Hornavan.
 The Livorno Hills (also known as Leghorn Hills or in Italy as the Colline Livornesi) is a mountain range in Tuscany included in the municipalities of Livorno Collesalvetti and Rosignano Marittimo and in the Province of Livorno. Due to its vicinity to the sea the average height is quite low. The highest mountain is Poggio Lecceta (Holms Knoll) with an elevation of 462 meters on the sea level.
 Arenal Volcano in Spanish Volcán Arenal is an active andesitic stratovolcano in north-western Costa Rica around 90 km northwest of San José in the province of Alajuela canton of San Carlos and district of La Fortuna. The Arenal volcano measures at least 1633 metres (5358 ft). It is conically shaped with a crater spanning 140 metres (460 ft). Geologically Arenal is considered a young volcano and the age is estimated to be less than 7500 years.
 The Ojdula River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Orbai and Orbaiul Mic
 Shijiu Lake(Chinese: 石臼湖; pinyin: Shíjiù Hú) is a freshwater lake in China situated at the lower reaches of the Yangtze River. One half of the lake that is to the west belongs to the Dangtu County of Anhui Province and the other part lies in the Gaochun County and Lishui County of Jiangsu Province. The area of the watershed is 18600 km 2 with an elevation of 9.3 m its length makes 23 km and the greatest breadth from east to west is 15.5 km ( the average breadth makes 9.15 km ).
 Kleine Schweimke is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Geamărtălui River or Gemărtălui River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 The San Simón River is a river of Bolivia.
 Afon Cefni is one of the major rivers on the island of Anglesey Wales. It is 16.9 kilometres (11 mi) long. The river starts at the Llyn Cefni in the centre of the island and then runs south through the county town of Llangefni. Just north of the A55 the river turns and flows south-west. It passes through the flatlands of the Malltraeth Marshes where the river course was altered into canal in 1824.
 Roche is a large crater on the far side of the Moon from the Earth. The prominent crater Pauli lies across the southern rim of Roche and the outer rampart of Pauli covers a portion of Roche's interior floor. To the north-northwest of Roche is the crater Eötvös and just to the west-northwest lies Rosseland.The western rim of Roche has been somewhat distorted and straightened. The rim as a whole is worn and eroded with multiple tiny craterlets marking the surface.
 Deltaform Mountain is one of the mountains in the Valley of the Ten Peaks located on the Continental Divide on the border of British Columbia and Alberta and also on the border between Banff and Kootenay National Parks in Canada. The mountain was originally named Saknowa by Samuel Allen but Walter Wilcox named it to its official title in 1897 as it resembles the Greek letter delta.Deltaform was first climbed in 1903 by A. Eggers and H.C. Parker who were guided by Christian and Hans Kaufmann.
 The Giugastra River is a tributary of the Vaslui River in Romania.
 The Lang Glacier (German: Langgletscher) is a 6.6 km (4.1 mi) long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 10.1 km2 (3.9 sq mi).
 Kamøyfjorden (Northern Sami: Gáhpevuotna) is a fjord on the northeastern side of the large island of Magerøya in Nordkapp Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 14-kilometre (8.7 mi) long fjord runs from the Barents Sea southwest with two smaller fjords that branch off: the Skipsfjorden flowing to the south and the Duksfjorden flowing to the west.The mouth of the fjord spans between Beinviknæringen in the northwest and the Helnes Lighthouse in the southeast.
 This article is about the river in Colombia for the river in Chile see Cesar River Chile.The Cesar River is a river in northern Colombia which is a part of the Magdalena Basin. It separates the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta from the mountain ranges of the Serranía del Perijá an extension of the Cordillera Oriental.
 The Pedernales River (/ˌpɜrdəˈnælɨs/ PUR-də-NAL-iss) is a tributary of the Colorado River approximately 106 miles (171 km) long in central Texas in the United States. It drains an area of the Edwards Plateau flowing west to east across the Texas Hill Country west of Austin. The name Pedernales first used in the middle 18th century comes from a Spanish word for the flint rocks characteristic of the riverbed.
 The Sas dla Crusc (German: Heiligkreuzkofel Italian: Sasso di Santa Croce) is a mountain of the Fanes group in South Tyrol Italy.
 Mount Shokanbetsu (暑寒別岳 Shokanbetsu-dake) is the highest mountain of the Shokanbetsudake Mountains. It is located on the border between Hokuryū Shintotsukawa and Mashike Hokkaidō Japan. The peak is also known as Mashike Fuji (増毛富士).
 Wehmig is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lifford Reservoir in the Kings Norton district of Birmingham England was built by the Worcester & Birmingham Canal company in 1815 to compensate Lifford Mill for water lost to the canal. It is located at the junction of the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal and the Worcester and Birmingham Canal and is on the River Rea Cycle Route. Angling is permitted subject to a charge outside the spring close season. Fish in the reservoir include tench carp pike eels perch roach and bream.
 Montes Secchi (Latin for Secchi Mountains) is minor range of lunar mountains that located near the northwestern edge of Mare Fecunditatis. This roughly linear formation of low ridges grazes the northwestern outer rim of the crater Secchi the formation from which this range gained its name.
 The Mudavița Seacă River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Cottonwood Mountain is a mountain range in Malheur County Oregon.
 The Redlbach is a stream in Upper Austria with a width of 5 metres and a length of approximately 10 kilometres. It joins the Vöckla River west of Vöcklamarkt which itself joins the Ager River. The creek is partly untreated partly modulated with backwater area. Thanks to its excellent water quality (A grade) the creek is rich in trout.
 Hartmann is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies astride the west-southwestern rim of the huge walled plain Mendeleev and intrudes part way into the wide inner wall of this feature. Nearly attached to the northwestern rim of Hartmann is the crater Green.The unusual placement of this crater and the proximity of Green have given Hartmann a somewhat oddly shaped outer rim. The rim is slightly oblong in shape and it has an outward bulge to the east.
 The Moshassuck River is a river in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows 8.9 miles (14.3 km) from the town of Lincoln to the city of Providence. There are six dams along the river's length.
 The river Simme is a tributary of the river Kander in the Bernese Oberland in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. It's approximately 60 km long and has a catchment area of 594 km².The river Simme's spring is on the Rezli alp to the west of the mountain Wildstrubel near the village of Lenk.
 The Kopai River (also called Sal River) is a tributary of the Mayurakshi River. It flows past such towns as Santiniketan Bolpur Kankalitala and Labhpur in Birbhum district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is a small river in dry season but overflows its banks during the monsoon.
 The Algar do Carvão is an ancient lava tube or volcanic vent located in the center of the island of Terceira in the Azores. It lies within the municipality of Angra do Heroísmo in the parish of Porto Judeu.
 The Colinele River is a tributary of the Stăunoiu River in Romania.
 Lake Manuwai is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Krafla is a caldera of about 10 km in diameter with a 90 km long fissure zone in the north of Iceland in the Mývatn region. Its highest peak reaches up to 818 m and it is 2 km in depth. There have been 29 reported eruptions in recorded history.
 Tillamook Bay is a small inlet of the Pacific Ocean approximately 6 mi (10 km) long and 2 mi (3 km) wide on the northwest coast of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is located just north of Cape Meares in western Tillamook County approximately 75 mi (120 km) west of Portland.
 Amundsen is a large lunar impact crater located near the south pole of the Moon named after the Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen. It lies along the southern lunar limb and so is viewed from the side by an observer on the Earth. To the northwest is the crater Scott a formation of similar dimensions that is named for another Antarctic explorer.
 Crooked Lake is a small alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake or the Crooked Creek drainage.Crooked Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 Egenolf Lake is a lake in northern Manitoba 75 kilometres south of the provincial boundary with Nunavut Canada. Egenolf measures almost twenty miles long offering shallow bays deep holes and other physical structures. It is well known for its large pike fish lake trout and arctic grayling and has been well represented in the yearly Manitoba Master Angler books since it opened. Pike have been caught at Egenolf Lake measuring well over 50.
 The Chadakoin River is a 7.8-mile-long (12.6 km) stream that is a tributary of the Conewango Creek. The Chadakoin lies entirely in Chautauqua County in Western New York in the United States.The stream's drainage covers 192 square miles much of Chautauqua County New York. The creek begins at the southern end of Chautauqua Lake.
 Escudilla Mountain is located in Apache County Arizona and is part of the White Mountains. The summit is the highest point in the Escudilla Wilderness which is administered as part of the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest. The area was severely impacted by Wallow Fire of June 2011.
 Fedjefjorden is a fjord in Hordaland county Norway. It is located in the municipalities of Fedje Austrheim and Øygarden. The fjord has a width of about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) and extends about 20 kilometres (12 mi) from Holmengrå Lighthouse (at the northern end) to the island of Seløy (at the southern end) where it joins the Hjeltefjorden which flows further south towards Bergen.The fjord flows between several large islands and many small islets.
 The Central America Volcanic Arc (often abbreviated to CAVA) is a chain of volcanoes which extends parallel to the Pacific coast line of the Central American Isthmus from Guatemala El Salvador Honduras Nicaragua Costa Rica and down to northern Panama.
 Gajisan (Jeollanam-do) is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 510 metres.
 Mount Burnham is one of the highest peaks in the San Gabriel Mountains. It is in the Sheep Mountain Wilderness. It is named for Frederick Russell Burnham the famous American military scout who taught scoutcraft (then known as woodcraft) to Robert Baden-Powell and became one of the inspirations for the founding of the Boy Scouts. Mount Burnham was officially recognized by the USGS at a dedication ceremony in 1951.It was original known as (West Twin) North Baldy Mountain.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Măgura River in Romania.
 El Guayabo River (Rio El Guayabo) is a medium stream in El Salvador which has moderate to large quantities of fresh water year round especially from early May through October.
 The Sierra Pelona Mountains or the Sierra Pelona Ridge is a mountain range in the Transverse Ranges of Southern California. They are located within Los Angeles (northwest) and Kern (southern) Counties.
 Lake Pleshcheyevo (Russian: Плеще́ево о́зеро) a lake in Russia and formerly a resort for Russian tsars is located in Yaroslavl Oblast. The town of Pereslavl-Zalessky is on the southeastern side of the lake.The lake which is part of Pleshcheyevo National Park covers an area of over 51 km² its length being 9.5 kilometres (5.9 mi) and its shoreline 28 kilometres (17 mi). Although it is 25 metres (82 ft) deep in the middle the waters near the shore are quite shallow.
 Stevens Lake is a lake of Colchester County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Borkener See is a lake in West Hesse Depression Hesse Germany. At an elevation of 177 m its surface area is 139 ha.
 Table Top Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York. Table Top Mtn.
 The Valea Lungă Mică River is a small river in Cluj County Romania. It is a tributary of the Pârâul Florilor.
 The Tacuarí River is a river in Cerro Largo Department Uruguay.
 Koča pri Triglavskih jezerih (1685m) is a mountain hut between lake Dvojno jezero and artificial lake Močivec under Tičarica in the heart of Julian Alps. First hut was built in 1880 by Austrian hiking club. In 1955 and 1988 it was rebuilt and expanded. It has four dining rooms with 150 seats 13 rooms with 30 beds and 13 bigger sleeping rooms with 170 bunks. Hut is open from the end of June till start of October
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 The Koukdjuak River begins at the outlet of Nettilling Lake and empties into the Arctic Ocean. It is the namesake of the Great Plain of the Koukdjuak located in the Foxe Basin on western Baffin Island Nunavut (formerly Northwest Territories) northern Canada.The first non-Inuit who specifically explored the river was the Canadian Arctic explorer/ornithologist J. Dewey Soper. The northern boundary of the Dewey Soper Migratory Bird Sanctuary is the middle thread of the Koukdjuak River.
 The Ursul Mare River is a headwater of the Ursu River in Romania.
 Dallas Divide (el. 8983 feet (2738 m)) is a high mountain pass in the United States state of Colorado located on State Highway 62 about 12 miles (19 km) west of the town of Ridgway.The pass is a saddle between the San Juan Mountains to the south and the Uncompahgre Plateau to the north and divides the Uncompahgre River watershed from the San Miguel River watershed and Ouray County from San Miguel County.
 The Ob River (Russian: Обь IPA: [obʲ]) also Obi is a major river in western Siberia Russia and is the world's fifth longest river. It is the westernmost of the three great Siberian rivers that flow into the Arctic Ocean (the other two being the Yenisei River and the Lena River).The Gulf of Ob is the world's longest estuary.
 The Corrente River (Portuguese Rio Corrente) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paranaíba River which it enters in the reservoir created by Ilha Solteira Dam on the Paraná River.
 The Campbell Hills are a low range of hills in southern Butte County California. Some southern elevations overlook the Thermalito Afterbay Oroville and Oroville Airport.
 The Tucavaca River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Valea Carelor River or Carele River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Roter Graben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Skredahøin (also referred to as Skredho and Skredhøis a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway with an elevation of 1800m above sea level. Its tip lies at a latitude of 62.25 and longitude of 9.18333.Skredahøin lies in an active seismic region and hence experiences frequent Earthquakes the most recent being the one on 24/3/2012 with a magnitude of 3.2 ritcher and its centre 305.3 km away for the mountain.
 The Markermeer is a 700 km2 (270 sq mi) lake in the central Netherlands in between North Holland Flevoland and its larger sibling the IJsselmeer. A shallow lake at some 3 to 5 m in depth it is named after the small former island now peninsula of Marken that lies within it. The southwest side of the lake that begins where the IJ once emptied into the Zuiderzee is known as the IJmeer.The Markermeer was not originally intended to remain a lake.
 Isabella River a perennial stream that is part of the Lachlan catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the central–western region of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range between Isabella and Burraga and flows generally south south-west north-west and west before reaching its confluence with the Abercrombie River east of Tuena; descending 671 metres (2201 ft) over its 51 kilometres (32 mi) course.
 Kinzert is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Montes de Málaga is a mountain range of the Penibaetic System in Málaga Province Andalusia Spain. Its highest point is the 1030 m high Cresta de la Reina peak. Other notable peaks are San Antón Coronado Monte Victoria and Gibralfaro.The range is named after Málaga City[citation needed] located at its feet.
 The Gratiot River is a 15.0-mile-long (24.1 km) river on the north side of the Keweenaw Peninsula in Michigan. It is a tributary of Lake Superior.
 The Ruja River is a tributary of the Râul Înfundăturii in Romania.
 Outerside is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria England. It is located 6 kilometres west of Keswick in the north western part of the national park and is a smaller member of the Coledale group of fells with a height of 568 metres (1863 feet). The fell is part of a ridge on the southern side of Coledale which descends from the higher fell of Scar Crags and continues over the neighbouring smaller fell of Barrow before reaching the valley at the village of Braithwaite.
 The Pârâul Negru River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 Golyam Beglik is a dam near the central parts of the Rhodope Mountains Bulgaria. It was formerly officially called the Vasil Kolarov reservoir in honour of Vasil Kolarov a communist political leader of the People's Republic of Bulgaria.The dams Batak Beglika Shiroka Polyana and Golyam Beglik are the main tourist places in the Batak region. The dams are located to the north and to the south at high sea level.There is a large diversity of game near the dam territory.
 Henangervatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Fusa in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Plăvaia River is a tributary of the Arpaş river in Romania.
 Pedra de São Domingos is a rock formation located between the municipalities of Córrego do Bom Jesus and Gonçalves Minas Gerais Brazil. The gneiss landform is one of the highest points in the Mantiqueira Mountains. At its highest point the elevation is 2050 metres (6730 ft).
 Rocca Pendice is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 304 metres.
 Engervannet is a lake between Blommenholm and Sandvika in the municipality of Bærum in Akershus county Norway.
 The Valea Surpăturii River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Băneasa River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
 Shining Rock is a mountain in western North Carolina. The mountain is one of the Great Balsam Mountains which are a part of the Blue Ridge Mountains within the Appalachian Mountains. It is the 38th tallest mountain in the eastern United States.Shining Rock is in the Shining Rock Wilderness near milepost 420 of the Blue Ridge Parkway. The Art Loeb Trail passes just below the summit.Shining Rock is named for the large cluster of quartz boulders near its summit.
 Sleepy Creek Mountain is a mountain ridge in the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians on the border between Morgan and Berkeley Counties in the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia. The long distance Tuscarora Trail traverses the southern ridge and northern bench of the mountain.Together with Third Hill Mountain to the east the two mountains form a blind valley that contains Sleepy Creek Lake and the Sleepy Creek Wildlife Management Area.
 Walker Pass (el. 5250 ft (1600 m)) is a mountain pass by Lake Isabella in the southern Sierra Nevada mountains. It is located in northeastern Kern County approximately 53 mi (85 km) ENE of Bakersfield and 10 mi (16 km) WNW of Ridgecrest. The pass provides a route between the San Joaquin Valley on the west and the Mojave Desert on the east.Walker Pass is a National Historic Landmark and is under the stewardship of the Bureau of Land Management.
 Lago di Morghirolo is a lake in Ticino Switzerland. Its surface area is 9.25 ha. The lake can be reached by foot from Dalpe or Polpiano.
 Sinjar Mountain (Arabic: جبل سنجار‎; also Shengar/Shengal Mountains; Kurdish: چیای شه‌نگال/شه‌نگار) is a single ridge of mountains located in Nineveh Governorate in northwestern Iraq. It is situated near a city of the same name (Sinjar).The mountains are mainly inhabited by Yazidis who venerate them and consider the highest to be the place where Noah's Ark settled after the biblical flood.
 Jackson Glacier is approximately the seventh largest of the remaining 25 glaciers in Glacier National Park located in the US state of Montana. A part of the largest grouping of glaciers in the park Jackson Glacier rests on the north side of Mount Jackson. The glacier was most recently measured in 2005 at 250 acres (1.0 km2) yet when first documented in 1850 the glacier also included the now separate Blackfoot Glacier and together they covered 1875 acres (7.59 km2).
 Telegherry River a perennial river of the Great Lakes system is located in the Mid North Coast and Upper Hunter regions of New South Wales Australia.
 The Parauapebas River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Shingo-la is a mountain pass in India on the border between Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh. There is a shallow lake or pool 20m below the pass. The pass is on a long-distance footpath linking Zanskar and Lahaul used often by locals and trekkers alike. For trekkers it is one of the technically easiest 5000m passes in Indian Himalaya involving no glacier trekking nor steep climbs.
 Hostýnsko-vsetínská hornatina (English: Hostýn-Vsetín Mountains) is a mountain range in the Czech Republic.The mountains are densely forested mainly by secondary spruce plantations. Most visited are the bordering Rožnovská Bečva river valley in the north (with Valašské Meziříčí and Rožnov pod Radhoštěm towns and Dolní Prostřední and Horní (i.e.
 Montau is a mountain located in the municipal terms of Olesa de Bonesvalls (Alt Penedès) and Begues (Baix Llobregat) Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 657 metres above sea level.It is the highest point of the Garraf Massif Catalan Coastal Range although less conspicuous than La Morella located closer to the coast. There is a triangulation station at the summit.
 The Ghilea River is a tributary of the Pârâul Întors in Romania.
 Zenobia Peak elevation 9022 ft (2750 m) is the highest summit in Dinosaur National Monument of Moffat County Colorado.
 The Kennet River is a river of the northeast of New Zealand's South Island. It flow 13 kilometres northwest of Molesworth Stations south joining the upper Awatere River
 Rimrock Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The lake is within a cirque on the north side of Prospectors Mountain and is situated above the south side of Death Canyon.
 The Greina (el. 2355 m.) (Italian: Passo della Greina Romansh: Pass Crap) is a high mountain pass across the western Lepontine Alps connecting Sumvitg in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland and Olivone in the canton of Ticino. The pass lies between the Piz Medel on the north and Pizzo Marumo Piz Terri on the south.Greina is also a high plateau (Plaun la Greina) lying east of the pass it is an alluvial site of national importance.
 Gerlachovský štít (About this sound Slovak pronunciation  translated into English as Gerlach Peak) is the highest peak in the High Tatras in Slovakia and in the whole 1500 km (930 mi) long Carpathian mountain chain as well as in northern and eastern Central Europe.Usually listed at 2655 metres AMSL (8711 ft) its exact elevation is actually 0.6 metres (2 ft) lower. The pyramidal shape of the massif is marked by a huge cirque.
 A polje (pronounced [pôʎe]) (or karst polje or karst field) is a large flat plain found in karstic geological regions of the world with areas usually 5 to 400 km². The name derives from the Slavic languages and literally means field where in English polje describes specifically as karstic plain or field as explained previously.
 Watt is a lunar crater that is located in the southeastern part of the Moon. The northwestern third of the crater rim has been completely overlain by the same-sized Steinheil leaving much of the interior floor covered with the outer rampart of ejecta from the latter formation. The remainder of the rim of Watt is somewhat jagged in appearance with an inward bulge along the southeast rim and a pair of small outward projections to the northeast.
 Downes Glacier (53°2′S 73°31′E) is a broad tidewater glacier on the north side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. It flows north on both sides of Cape Bidlingmaier to the north coast of Heard Island. To the east of Downes Glacier is Ealey Glacier whose terminus is located close southeast of Cape Bidlingmaier. To the west of Downes Glacier is Challenger Glacier whose terminus is located at the eastern side of Corinthian Bay close west to Saddle Point.
 Holzbach (Elbbach Hadamar) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Valea Băii River is a tributary of the Valea Pietrei Mari River in Romania.
 The Jasenička reka (Serbian Cyrillic: Јасеничка река) is a river in eastern Serbia a 55 km-long right tributary to the Danube.The Jasenička reka originates on the eastern slopes of the meridionally elongated Deli Jovan mountain in the Carpathian region of the eastern Serbia. The river springs out under the mountain's highest peak Crni vrh (Black peak) and flows to the east originally under the name of Vrelska reka.
 Temple Butte in the Grand Canyon Arizona USA is a prominence below the East Rim. The butte lies on the west bank of the south-flowing Colorado River. The outfall from the Little Colorado River draining from the Painted Desert to the east and southeast is about 2-mi upstream.Temple Butte is 5308 feet (1618 m) in elevation. It is the historical site of some wreckage of the 1956 Grand Canyon mid-air collision.
 Bzura is a river in central Poland a tributary of the Vistula river (in Wyszogród) with a length of 166 kilometres (25th longest) and the basin area of 7788 km2. It was noteworthy during the Second World War as Polish forces made a major stand against the Wehrmacht in an attempt to halt the German advance on Warsaw (Battle of the Bzura).
 Yanarahu Lake (Quechua yana black rahu snow ice mountain with snow black snow peak hispanicized spelling Yanarraju) is a lake in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru located in the Ancash Region Asunción Province Chacas District. It lies near the mountain Yanarahu.
 Aspen is a lake of Botkyrka Municipality Södermanland Sweden. The lake is crossed by the European route E4/European route E20 and is located about 20 kilometres southwest of Stockholm the Swedish capital. It has an area of 1847 km².[citation needed]During the Stone Age Aspen was in the ocean but was uplifted by the time of the Bronze Age. Bronze Age settlements grew up around the lake and for some thousand years Iron Age farms were around the lake. The area developed during this period.
 Lake Rakshastal (Rakshas Tal; Sanskrit: राक्षस ताल; Tibetan: ལག་ངར་མཚོ། ZYPY: Lagngar Co; Wylie transliteration: lag-ngar mtsho; Chinese: 拉昂错 Pinyin: Lā'áng Cuò; La'nga Co) is a lake in Tibet lying just west of Lake Manasarovar and south of Mount Kailash. The Sutlej River originates at Rakshastal's northwestern tip.
 The Gediz River (Turkish: Gediz Nehri Turkish pronunciation: [ˈɡediz]) is the second-largest river in Anatolia flowing into the Aegean Sea. The ancient names Hermos and Hermus are sometimes still used.
 Planjava (2394 m) is the highest and most massive mountain on the eastearn side of Kamnik Alps. On the western side there steep wall over Kamniško sedlo on the eastern side there is long ridge toward Škarje. On the northern side there is almost 1000 meters high wall into Logarska dolina.
 The Wog Wog River is a perennial river of the Towamba River catchment located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Limbășelu Mic River is a headwater of the Limbăşelu River in Romania.
 Col des Planches (el. 1411 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. The road to the Col runs from Martigny at 471m with an average gradient of about 9% over Col des Planches then down to Sembrancher at 717m with an average gradient of 7%
 The Wandfluehorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located between Les Haudères and Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies south of the Dent Blanche. While the western side is flat and covered by the Ferpècle Glacier the eastern side consists of a 600 metres cliff named Wandflue.
 Brünlasberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Fischbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Kalmar Strait Kalmarsund is a strait in the Baltic Sea located between the Swedish island of Öland and the province of Småland of the Swedish mainland. The strait is about 130 kilometres (81 mi) long and between 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) and 25 kilometres (16 mi) in width.There is a road bridge across the strait the Öland bridge.
 The Găvanu River is a headwater of the Câmpul Ascuns River in Romania.
 The Ponnaiyar is a river in southern India. It rises on the hill of Nandidurg in Chikkaballapur District of Karnataka state and flows south and then east for 400 km (250 mi) through Karnataka and Tamil Nadu emptying into the Bay of Bengal at Cuddalore.Tirukkovilur is the largest city in the path of Ponnaiyar River.The South Pennar River is known as Dakshina Pinakini in Kannada and Thenpennai in Tamil.
 The East Branch North Fork Feather River is a left tributary of the North Fork Feather River in the northern Sierra Nevada Plumas County California. Primarily within the Plumas National Forest its course extends past Twain to near Belden.
 Fairbairn Dam is located 25 kilometres southwest of Emerald in Central Queensland almost on top of the Tropic of Capricorn line. Fairbairn Dam was constructed in 1972 across the Nogoa River Gap creating Lake Maraboon and is Queensland's second largest lake. Maraboon is the Aboriginal for where the black ducks fly.The primary purpose of Fairbairn Dam is for irrigation. About 300 irrigators are supplied with water for cotton citrus and other horticulture operations.
 Mount Vancouver is a peak on the ridge running north from Aoraki/Mount Cook. It is New Zealand's fourth highest mountain rising to 3309 metres (10856 feet). It is located in the Southern Alps.The mountain is named after Captain George Vancouver who was part of the second voyage of James Cook in 1773 when Cook did not manage to sail into Broughton Arm and named the mountain 'Nobody Knows What'.
 The River Teifi (Welsh: Afon Teifi) forms the boundary between the counties of Ceredigion and Carmarthenshire in south-west Wales for most of its 76 miles (122 km) length (making it the longest river wholly in Wales) flowing into the sea below the town of Cardigan.
 Gürzenicher Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Niedere Tauern or Low Tauern (Slovene: Nizke Ture) are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps in the Austrian states of Salzburg and Styria. For the etymology of the name see Tauern.
 The Vishera River (Вишера) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of the Kama River. It is 415 km in length. The area of its basin is 31200 km². The Vishera River freezes up in the late October–early November and stays under the ice until the end of April. There are diamond deposits in the basin of the Vishera River.The Vishera used to be part of the Cherdyn Road and is still considered one of the most picturesque rivers of the Urals.
 Binsey is a hill on the northern edge of the Lake District in Cumbria England. It is detached from the rest of the Lakeland hills and thus provides a good spot to look out at the Northern and North Western Fells of the Lake District as well as the coastal plain and across the Solway Firth Scotland. Snaefell on The Isle of Man is also visible on a clear day. It is the northernmost of the Wainwrights.
 The River Crane is a river in west London England and is a tributary of the River Thames.
 Gutach (Kinzig) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Le Catogne is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif overlooking Champex in the Swiss canton of Valais.
 Valier is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon. It is nearly attached to the western rim of the crater Tiselius. To the north-northwest lies the larger Sharonov to the south-southwest is Coriolis and west of Valier is Dufay.The most notable feature of this crater is the satellite crater Valier J that occupies the southeastern part of the interior floor and shares part of the outer rim.
 The Otăsău River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Kirchsee is a lake in Plön district in the north German state of Schleswig-Holstein in a region known as Holstein Switzerland.The Kirchsee is the lake in the town centre of Preetz. The original settlement of Preetz is situated on its western shore. This is also the location of Preetz's town church after which the lake is named. The Kirchsee is crossed by the River Schwentine which flows from the south from the Lanker See.
 The Iuți River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Longwood Swallet is a cave near Charterhouse in the Carboniferous Limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. The cave is part of the Cheddar Complex SSSI and connected to August Hole.It is 1.65 km in length and reaches a depth of 175m.The cave was discovered in September 1944 by boys from Sidcot School.The picture shown is not Longwood Swallet it is Longwood Valley Sink.Longwood Swallet's entrance is a lidded concrete block construction.
 Mont Gond is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking Siviez south of Nendaz in the canton of Valais.
 The Stour /ˈstaʊər/ is a river flowing through the counties of Worcestershire the West Midlands and Staffordshire in the West Midlands region of England. The Stour is a major tributary of the River Severn and it is about 25 miles (40 km) in length. It has played a considerable part in the economic history of the region.
 The Wapiti River is a river in the Southland Region of New Zealand. It rises in the northern extremity of the Stuart Mountains in Fiordland National Park the top of its watershed being part of the main divide. Two branches feed Lake Sutherland (elevation 470 metres (1540 ft)) the outflow of which flows southwest to Lake Thomson.
 The Kinnaur Kailash (locally known as Kinner Kailash) is a mountain in the Kinnaur district of the Indian state Himachal Pradesh. The Kinnaur Kailash has a height of 6500 meters and is considered as sacred by both Hindu and Buddhist Kinnauris. This mountain is sometimes confused with the Mount Kailash in Tibet.The Kinnaur Kailash Range borders the district of Kinnaur in the south and is dominated by the Kinnaur Kailash (elevation- 6349m) and Jorkanden (elevation- 6473m) peaks.
 The Hoher Angelus (also Hohe Angelusspitze; Italian: L'Angelo Grande) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Not to be confused with the Rangitikei River in the southwestern North Island.The Rangitaiki River is the longest river in the Bay of Plenty region in New Zealand's North Island.
 Park Cone elevation 12106 ft (3690 m) is a summit in the Sawatch Range of central Colorado. The mountain is northeast of Gunnison in the Gunnison National Forest.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Cladova river in Romania.
 Ayya (Russian: Айя) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 19 km. It flows into the Kolva River at the point located 246 km away from Kolva's mouth.
 Lake Varsh (Russian: озеро Варш) is a freshwater lake shared by Mezensky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast and the Nenets Autonomous Okrug in Russia just below the Arctic Circle. It is one of the biggest lakes in Arkhangelsk Oblast and the biggest one in Mezensky District. The area of the lake is 44.2 square kilometres (17.1 sq mi) and the area of its basin is 428 square kilometres (165 sq mi).
 Chumpi (Quechua chumpi belt Hatunrit'i Ñañaluma Yanaluma or Wisk'achani (hispanicized spellings Chumpe Jatunriti Nañaloma Ñanaloma Yanaloma Huiscachani) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 6106 m (17388 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Canchis Province Pitumarca District as well as in the Quispicanchi Province Ocongate District. Chumpi lies north of the lake Siwinaqucha.
 Rögnitz is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Lower Millecoquins River is a 9.6-mile-long (15.4 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It begins at the outlet of Millecoquins Lake and flows in a winding course south to Lake Michigan. The principal inflow of Millecoquins Lake is the Upper Millecoquins River.
 The Pocomoke River stretches approximately 66 miles (106 km) from southern Delaware through southeastern Maryland in the United States. At its mouth the river is essentially an arm of Chesapeake Bay whereas the upper river flows through a series of relatively inaccessible wetlands called the Great Cypress Swamp largely populated by Loblolly Pine Red Maple and Baldcypress.
 The Do Meio River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 The Jara River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The Selinountas (Greek: Σελινούντας) is a river in Achaea Greece. Its source is on Mount Erymanthos near the village Kato Vlasia in southern Achaea. It flows in generally northeastern direction through the municipalities Kalavryta and Aigialeia. It flows into the Gulf of Corinth in the village Valimitika near the town Aigio.
 Mount Hinman (7492 feet (2284 m)) is located on the border of Snoqualmie and Wenatchee National Forests in the U.S. state of Washington. Mount Hinman is less than 2 mi (3.2 km) west of Mount Daniel and both are within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness. Hinman Glacier is situated on the north flank of Mount Hinman and Foss Glacier is to the northeast.
 Norman Clyde Peak standing 13861 feet (4225 m) tall is in natural company among the high peaks of the Palisades region of the Sierra Nevada in California. It lies on the Palisades' main ridge between Middle Palisade and Palisade Crest. Norman Clyde Glacier on its north face and Middle Palisade Glacier on its east both feed the headwaters of the South Fork of Big Pine Creek.
 Pohatcong Mountain is a ridge approximately 6 mi (10 km) long in the Appalachian Mountains of northwestern New Jersey in the United States. It extends from west Phillipsburg northeast approximately to Allamuchy Township New Jersey. The ridge continues on north past Washington as Upper Pohatcong Mountain. The term Pohatcong Mountain is sometimes taken to include both mountains.
 The Fish Lake Valley is a 25 mi (40 km) long endorheic valley[citation needed] in southwest Nevada once of many contiguous inward-draining basins collectively called the Great Basin. The alluvial valley lies just northwest of Death Valley and borders the southeast and central-northeast flank of the massif of the White Mountains of California. The valley's southern end lies in eastern Inyo County California. The valley is sparsely populated with ranchers and indigenous Pauite.
 Belews Lake is a reservoir in Stokes Rockingham Guilford and Forsyth counties of North Carolina near the towns of Stokesdale and Pine Hall. It was created in 1973 by the Duke Energy corporation to provide cooling water for the corporation's Belews Creek Steam Station a coal-burning power plant. The lake has a surface area of 3864 acres (16 km2) and an 88-mile (142 km) shoreline. It is held back by a rolled earth dam and a concrete spillway.
 Tartarugalzinho River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 Nizami is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 76 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Nizami is named for the Persian poet Nizami Ganjavi who lived from 1141 to 1209.
 Lake Péligre (French: Lac de Péligre) is the second largest lake in Haiti and is located in the Centre Department. Tracy Kidder describes it as beautiful blue waters set among steep arid mountains.It was created as a result of the construction of the Peligre Hydroelectric Dam on the Artibonite River in 1956–1957. The project was designed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and financed by the Export-Import Bank of the United States.
 Tyräjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Iijoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Northern Ostrobothnia. In Finland there are three lakes with the name Tyräjärvi. This is the biggest of them.
 Puig Drau is a mountain of the Montseny Massif Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1345 metres above sea level.This mountain is located within the municipal limits of El Brull Osona.
 The Bonamico is an Italian river in whose source is near Montalto in the Aspromonte National Park. From there the river flows east past San Luca and into the Ionian Sea south of Bovalino.
 The Gălăuțaș River (Hungarian: Galócás-patak) is a small river in the Gurghiu Mountains Harghita County central Romania. Its name is from the Hungarian galóca meaning amanita (mushroom). It is a left tributary of the river Mureş. It flows through the municipality Gălăuțaș and joins the Mureș in the village Gălăuțaș.
 The Mihăileasa River is a tributary of the Moişa in Romania.
 Ullscarf is a fell in the English Lake District close to the geographical centre of the Cumbrian hills. It forms part of the watershed between the Derwentwater and Thirlmere catchments a ridge running broadly north-south.
 Coal Bank Pass (el. 10640 ft./3243 m.) is a mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains of western Colorado in the United States. The pass is in the San Juan National Forest. The pass is traversed by the Million Dollar Highway U.S. Highway 550 south of Silverton which is part of the San Juan Skyway Scenic Byway. While the north side is fairly gentle the descent on the south side is very steep (6.5%) and has a runaway truck ramp for trucks that lose control.
 The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 Petrie is a relatively small lunar impact crater that is located to the east of the much larger walled plain Fabry. To the east is the smaller crater Rayet. Most of the rim of Petrie is sharp-edged with a deposit of scree along the base of the inner wall. There is an outward bulge to the rim along the southwest where the surface has slumped into the interior.
 The Bear River is a 2.7-mile-long (4.3 km) tributary of Long Lake in the U.S. state of Maine. It originates at the outlet of Bear Pond in the town of Waterford in Oxford County then flows southeast into the town of Bridgton in Cumberland County and finally the town of Harrison where it reaches Long Lake. Via Long Lake the Songo River and Sebago Lake the Bear River is part of the Presumpscot River watershed flowing to Casco Bay on the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Amnaș River (Hungarian: Ecsellői-patak) is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 The Richardson Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges located on the southwestern flank of Princess Royal Island east of Kent Inlet British Columbia Canada.
 Running Water Draw is a river in Texas.
 The Roggenhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Silvretta Alps located east of Klosters in the canton of Graubünden. It lies between the valleys of Verstancla and Vernela west of the Verstanclahorn.
 Great Bay is a tidal estuary located in Strafford and Rockingham counties in eastern New Hampshire United States. The bay occupies over 6000 acres (24 km2) not including its several tidal river tributaries. Its outlet is at Hilton Point in Dover New Hampshire where waters from the bay flow into the Piscataqua River thence proceeding southeast to the Atlantic Ocean near Portsmouth. The northern end of the bay near its outlet is referred to as Little Bay.
 The Robinson River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia. The headwaters of the river rise below the Van Emmerick Range and then flow in a westerly direction through Moondoma Yards Holmans Crossing and Oombagooma then discharging into the Indian Ocean via Stokes Bay approximately 50 kilometres (31 mi) North of Derby.There are six tributaries to the Robinson River including; Keightly River Mondooma Creek Pardaboora River Tarraji River and Townshend River.
 The Vameș River is a tributary of the Gerului River in Romania. The Potârnichea Dam is located on the Vameş River. It is a 5.00 m high earth dam and creates a storage lake of 80000 m3.The reach of the river upstream of Lake Potârnichea is also known as Valea Vulpii River
 MacGillycuddy's Reeks (Irish: Na Cruacha Dubha meaning the black stacks) is a mountain range in County Kerry Republic of Ireland. Stretching slightly over 19 km (12 mi) it includes the highest peaks in Ireland and the only peaks on the island that are over 1000 metres (3300 ft). The highest of these is Carrauntoohil (1038 m) followed by Beenkeragh (1010 m) and Caher (1001 m). The range also includes many other Hewitts (peaks of over 2000 ft).
 Yoke is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria England. It has a height of 706 m (2316 ft) and is situated in the far eastern sector of the national park 7 kilometres north east of the town of Ambleside. Yoke is the southern extremity of the long ridge that runs southwards from the fell of High Street. Yoke’s name is believed to be derived from the Old English language word geoc which is similar to the German word joch meaning mountain ridge.
 Long Pond also known as Great Pond is a nearly four mile long Glacial lake located on Mount Desert Island in Hancock County Maine United States.
 The Fântâna Seacă River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 The Mangamuka River is a river of the far north of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally south from the Maungataniwha Range southeast of Kaitaia and the last few kilometres of its length are a wide silty arm of the Hokianga Harbour which it reaches 10 kilometres northeast of Rawene.
 Noyna Hill (sometimes just called Noyna or Noyna Rock/s) is a hill in the pennines hills range in Pendle Lancashire.It is located a mile to the east Foulridge and it is possible to see other local towns such as; Colne Nelson Trawden Barnoldswick and Earby.
 This article is for the mountain range in Alaska United States. For the mountain range on Île Vanier Nunavut Canada see Adam Range.The Adam Mountains sometimes called the Adam Range are a small mountain range in the southeastern extremity of the Alaska Panhandle in the Ketchikan Gateway Borough near the Halleck Range. It has an area of 50 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 The Buffalo River is a 31.5-mile-long (50.7 km) tributary of the Tye River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is part of the James River watershed.It rises at the eastern foot of the Blue Ridge Mountains at Forks of Buffalo along U.S. Route 60 in Amherst County where the North and South forks of the Buffalo River converge.
 Santa Rosa Sound is a sound connecting Pensacola Bay and Choctawhatchee Bay in Florida. The northern shore consists of the Fairpoint Peninsula and portions of the mainland in Santa Rosa County and Okaloosa County.
 Vanajavesi is a rather large lake in Finland. It is part of the Kokemäenjoki basin. The lake gathers waters from a wide area in the regions of Pirkanmaa Tavastia Proper and parts of the Päijänne Tavastia region.
 Lac des Settons is a lake in Nièvre France. At an elevation of 586 m its surface area is 3.67 km².
 Warme Riß is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Arapey Grande River is a river in the Salto Department of northwestern Uruguay. It flows from the northeast of department with its headwaters near the border with Rivera Department in an western direction and discharges in the Uruguay River. Its length is about 227 kilometres (141 mi).
 El Escorpión Park is a three-acre (12000 m²) park located in the Simi Hills of the western San Fernando Valley in the West Hills district of Los Angeles California. The park contains the geographic landmark known as Castle Peak (kas'ele'ew picacho) a 1475-foot-tall (450 m) rocky peak seen from most parts of the park and the surrounding community.
 Nøklevann is a lake in Østmarka in Oslo Norway. It has a surface area of 0.8 km² and is 163 meters above sea level. The lake drains through Ljanselva to Bunnefjorden. It is a former drinking water supply for Oslo.
 Clarke Sound is an uninhabited Foxe Basin waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. It is located between North Tweedsmuir Island and Baffin Island.The sound was named after Louis Colville Gray Clarke curator of the Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology University of Cambridge.
 The Mierleasa River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 The Wilts & Berks Canal is a canal in the historic counties of Wiltshire and Berkshire England linking the Kennet and Avon Canal at Semington near Melksham to the River Thames at Abingdon. The North Wilts Canal merged with it to become a branch to the Thames and Severn Canal at Latton near Cricklade.
 The Valea Varnițelor River is a tributary of the Valea Fetei River in Romania.
 Mumm Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1910 by J. Norman Collie after Mumm Arnold L.
 Titelski Breg (Serbian Cyrillic: Тителски Брег) or Titel Hill is a loess hillock situated in the Vojvodina province Serbia. It is located in south-eastern Bačka (Šajkaška region) between the town of Titel in the south the villages of Lok Vilovo and Šajkaš in the south-west the village of Mošorin in the north and the river Tisa in the east. It is 18 km long and 7.5 km wide with steep cliffs up to 60 m high along the Tisa.
 The River Stour is a 60.5 mile (97 km) long river which flows through Wiltshire and Dorset in southern England and drains into the English Channel. It is sometimes called the Dorset Stour to distinguish it from rivers of the same name. The source of the river is at Stourhead in Wiltshire where it forms a series of artificial lakes which are part of the Stourhead estate owned by the National Trust.
 Piz dal Ras (3028 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps located in west of Susch in the canton of Graubünden.
 Hlíðarfjall is a mountain located west of the Icelandic town Akureyri in Eyjafjörður. It is the site of one of two major ski resorts in Iceland. The former hotel no longer offers accommodation and is now mostly used for meetings.Hlíðarfjall is generally considered to be named after Lögmannshlíð a (formerly important) homestead and church site on the slopes of the mountain (the word hlíð having the meaning slope).
 The Bolaños River is a river in Mexico flowing through the Sierra Madre Occidental and a tributary of Rio Grande de Santiago. It has a length of 360 km and a watershed of about 10 000 square kilometers.
 The Yankee River is a river in Stewart Island/Rakiura New Zealand flowing into Foveaux Strait.
 Le Tabor is a mountain in the Isère department of France.
 Whangapoua Harbour is a shallow natural harbour in the northeast of the Coromandel Peninsula. It is located between Whangapoua in the north Te Rerenga in the southwest and Matarangi on the Omara Spit in the north separating it from the ocean. Two boat ramps and a jetty provide boat access into the harbour.
 Minnaert is a large lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon deep in the southern hemisphere. It is partly overlain along the southeastern side by the larger and younger crater Antoniadi. To the west-northwest lies Lyman.Nearly half the crater is overlain by the rim outer rampart and ejecta from Antoniadi. The remaining rim is worn and eroded with a number of small craterlets along the edge and inner wall.
 Jisk'a Pata (Aymara jisk'a small pata a step on the hillside little step on the hillside hispanicized spelling Jiskha Pata) is a mountain in the Andes about 5508 m (18071 ft) high located in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Batallas Municipality Kirani Canton. It is situated between Mount Jallawaya in the west and Janq'u Uyu in the south east north of Mount Warawarani Wila Lluxi and Paqu Kiwuta all of them higher than 5000 m.
 Lake Te Kahika is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The De Smet Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located northwest of Highway 16 and Jasper Lake in Jasper National Park Canada. The range is named after its highest point Roche de Smet which in turn was named by Iroquois working in the fur trade industry.
 The Wiese is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany and Basel-City Switzerland a right tributary of the Rhine. It rises in the Black Forest on the Feldberg. The Wiese flows through Todtnau Schönau im Schwarzwald Schopfheim and Lörrach. After crossing the border with Switzerland the Wiese flows through the quarters of Basel on the right side of the Rhine and joins the Rhine opposite the French town Saint-Louis.
 Funkenburg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Dagzê Lake (Tibetan: སྟག་རྩེ་མཚོ ZYPY: Dagzê Co) is one of many inland lakes in Tibet with a present area of 260 km² (100 square miles). In glacial times the region was considerably wetter and lakes were correspondingly much larger. Changes in climate have resulted in greater aridity on the Tibetan Plateau. The numerous concentric rings that circle the lake are fossil shorelines and attest to the historical presence of a larger deeper lake.
 Goose Creek is a 53.9-mile-long (86.7 km) tributary of the Potomac River in Fauquier and Loudoun counties in northern Virginia. It comprises the principal drainage system for the Loudoun Valley.
 Kalaena River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 The Grand Chavalard is a mountain in the western part of the Bernese Alps in Valais overlooking the Rhone at Fully near Martigny. The mountain is located close to the Dent de Morcles on the north-west.
 Mount Warrenheip is an inactive volcanic cone in Victoria Australia. The mountain has an elevation of 714 metres (2343 ft) AHD. The mountain is a landmark of Dunnstown Victoria the closest town with the mountain being located 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) east of the Ballarat central business district in the suburb of Warrenheip. Mount Warrenheip ceased volcanic activity around 100000 years ago. Along with Mount Buninyong it is one of only two forested scoria cones in Victoria.
 Maestlin is a small bowl-shaped impact crater located near the eastern edge of the lunar Oceanus Procellarum. To the east lies the crater Encke and to the northeast is Kepler. Just to the southeast of Maestlin is the curved ridge-like remains of Maestlin R a walled plain that has been almost completed submerged by the mare. South of this feature is a system of linear rilles named Rimae Maestlin. The mare surface around Maestlin is dusted with ray material from Kepler.
 Rapel River is a river of Chile located in the O'Higgins Region. It begins at the confluence of the rivers Cachapoal and Tinguiririca in the area known as La Junta. At present day this area is impounded by Rapel Dam creating Rapel Lake.Other tributaries: estero Alhué Claro de Rengo River(Cachapoal) Claro River(Tinguiririca) estero Zamorano estero La Cadena estero Carén estero Coya estero Chimbarongo Pangal River↑
 Großer Graben and Schiffgraben together are an artificial waterbody with ambiguous flows in Lower Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt Germany partly forming the border of both Länder.It is fed by lateral sources and by the humidty of the wetland it passes. The western part of this waterway is an affluent of river Ilse part of Weser bassin the eastern part an affluent of river Bode part of Elbe bassin. The top almost without flow is a pseudo-bifurcation and part of the section called Schiffgraben.
 The Chunta mountain range (Quechua chunta a kind of palm hispanicized spelling Chonta) lies in the Huancavelica Region in the Andes of Peru. It extends between 12°37' and 13°07'S and 75°00' and 75°30'W for about 50 km. It is located in the provinces Castrovirreyna and Huancavelica.
 Beinn Sciathan is the highest point on the Outer Hebridean island of Eriskay.Described as an apparently uninspiring lump it nevertheless commands fine views of Barra South Uist Skye Tiree and Coll. The ascent time is between 1.5 and 2.5 hours.
 The Slave River is a Canadian river that flows from Lake Athabasca in northeastern Alberta and empties into Great Slave Lake in the Northwest Territories. The river's name is thought to derive from the name for the Slavey group of the Dene First Nations Deh Gah Got'ine in the Athabaskan language and has nothing to do with slavery. The Chipewyan had displaced other native people from this region.
 The Boyne River is a river in the municipality of Seguin Parry Sound District in Central Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and flows from Otter Lake to its mouth at Georgian Bay on Lake Huron south of the town of Parry Sound.Oastler Lake Provincial Park is at the outflow of the Boyne River from Otter Lake to Oastler Lake.The outflows from Otter Lake and Oastler Lake are controlled by dams.
 The Brunswick River in North Carolina runs for 14 miles along the west bank of Eagle Island near the city of Leland. The Brunswick River is a fork of the Cape Fear River; the river starts as an offshoot of the Cape Fear River at the town of Navassa and flows back into the Cape Fear River at the southern tip of Eagle Island. Mill Creek and Alligator Creek flow into the Brunswick River.
 Künsebecker Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Clear Creek is a tributary of the South Platte River approximately 66 miles (106 km) long in north central Colorado in the United States. The creek flows through Clear Creek Canyon in the Rocky Mountains directly west of Denver descending through a long gorge to emerge on the Colorado Eastern Plains where it joins the South Platte.
 The Scroafa River is a tributary of the Archita River in Romania.
 The Forefinger is a mountain in the Five Fingers Group a group of summits on the divide between Pitt Lake and Coquitlam Lake and north of Widgeon Lake in British Columbia Canada.
 The Pârâul Văcarilor is a tributary of the Betel River in Romania.
 Akan Volcanic Complex is a volcanic group of volcanoes that grew out of the Akan caldera. It is located within Akan National Park about 50 km Northwest of Kushiro in eastern Hokkaidō Japan.
 Bukowa Woda is a river of Poland a tributary of the Lisi Potok.
 Staunton Harold Reservoir is a large reservoir under the management of Severn Trent Water located between Melbourne and Ticknall in Derbyshire England. Most of the water is within Derbyshire but a small part of the southern shore is over the border in Leicestershire.The reservoir was built in 1964 at the behest of the River Dove Water Board meant to serve Leicester and the towns of northern Leicestershire.
 The Whakatikei River is a river of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southeast from its sources close to the west coast five kilometres southeast of Paekakariki and reaches the Hutt River at Upper Hutt.
 Little Sachigo Lake is a lake in Unorganized Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is on the Sachigo River and is part of the Hudson Bay drainage basin.The major inflow from the south and outflow at the east is the Sachigo River which flows via the Severn River to Hudson Bay.The closest settlement is the principal location of the Sachigo Lake First Nation about 25 kilometres (16 mi) south and upstream on the Sachigo River.
 Moro Rock is a granite dome rock formation in Sequoia National Park California USA. It is located in the center of the park at the head of Moro Creek between Giant Forest and Crescent Meadow. A stairway designed by the National Park Service and built in the 1930s by the Civilian Conservation Corps is cut into and poured onto the rock so that visitors can hike to the top. The view from the rock encompasses much of the Park including the Great Western Divide.
 Cadillac Mountain is a mountain located on Mount Desert Island within Acadia National Park. With an elevation of 1528 feet (470 m) its summit is the highest point in Hancock County and the highest within 25 miles (40 km) of the shoreline of the North American continent between the Cape Breton Highlands Nova Scotia and Mexican peaks 180 miles (290 km) south of the Texas border.
 Papakating Creek is a 20.1-mile-long (32.3 km) tributary of the Wallkill River in Sussex County New Jersey in the United States.The headwaters of this creek lie between Branchville and Wykertown with the water running in a southeasterly direction to Plains and then turning northeast. The West Branch of Papakating Creek meets Papakating Creek east of McCoys Corner. Papakating Creek joins the Wallkill River just east of Sussex Borough.
 Jeamsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 807 metres.
 The Ribeira de Iguape River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Arut River is a river in Kalimantan Indonesia. It is a tributary of the Lamandau River.The Arut River like the Lamandau with tourists who navigate it by speedboats to visit the Dayak peoples.
 The Igarapé Caipora is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 The Porcăreț River or Purcăreț River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
 The Nisqually Glacier is one of the larger glaciers on the southwestern face of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is one of the most easily viewed on the mountain and is accessible from the Paradise visitor facilities in Mount Rainier National Park. The glacier is currently retreating.
 The Caliente River (Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Byng Inlet is a body of water on the eastern shore of Georgian Bay between Parry Sound and the mouth of the French River. It is a widening of the Magnetawan River near its mouth. The name of the river Magnetawan meaning long open channel in the Ojibwa language refers to this section of the river.
 Bornscheider Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Teiu River is a tributary of the Vârtop River in Romania.
 The Clam River is a 63.4-mile-long (102.0 km) tributary of the St. Croix River in northwestern Wisconsin in the United States. In its history it has been known by the names Kayeskikan Kiesca-seba and Shell River.The North Fork of the Clam River begins as a small intermittent stream in western Washburn County.
 Ełk Lake (Polish: Jezioro Ełckie German: Lycker See) is a fresh water lake in the Masurian Lake District of Poland's Warmia-Mazury Province adjacent to the town of Ełk. The lake that was created by glacial action during the Pleistocene ice age and has a surface area is 3.82 square kilometres. Its average depth is 15m with 58.2m as a maximum. It is divided into two distinct parts the northern (small) and southern (large) by a narrows spanned by a bridge.
 Krzekna is a river of Poland. It flows into Lake Będogoszcz.
 Blackwood Creek is a 8-mile-long (13 km) eastward-flowing stream originating on the southwest flank of Ellis Peak in the Sierra Nevada. The creek reaches Lake Tahoe between the unincorporated communities of Idlewild and Tahoe Pines in Placer County California United States.
 Red Pike is a fell in the High Stile range in the western English Lake District which separates Ennerdale from the valley of Buttermere and Crummock Water. It is 2476 ft (755 m) high.
 Torgelower See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 38.6 m its surface area is 3.57 km².
 Lake Ellsworth is a subglacial lake located in West Antarctica under approximately 3.4 km (2.1 mi) of ice. It is approximately 10 km long and is estimated to be 150 m (490 ft) in depth. The lake is named after the American explorer Lincoln Ellsworth.
 Summit Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada. It is about 2.6 kilometres (1.6 mi) long and 0.8 kilometres (0.5 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 391 metres (1283 ft). The lake is in the Nelson River system in the Hudson Bay drainage basin.
 Aston is a lunar impact crater that is located along the northwest limb of the Moon. Because of its location the crater is seen nearly from on edge and visibility is subject to libration. It lies to the east of the crater Röntgen some distance due west of Ulugh Beigh on the edge of the Oceanus Procellarum. To the south is the crater Voskresenskiy.The rim of Aston has been worn down and rounded due to subsequent impacts.
 The Dunga River is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania. It is named for Dunga the greatest man of all time.
 The Bârzava (Romanian: Bârzava Serbian: Brzava or Брзава) is a river in Romania and Serbia. The Bârzava is 166 km long has a drainage area of 1190 km² (part of the Black Sea drainage basin) and flows into the Tamiš river.
 The Rostoșuica River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
 Stuorajávri is a lake in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 3.58-square-kilometre (1.38 sq mi) lake lies about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) northeast of the Sautso canyon along the Altaelva river into which this lake eventually flows.
 The Bengala River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Pârâul lui Iacob is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
 The Kushan Pass or Kaoshan Pass (el. about 4370 m or 14340 ft) is a mountain pass just west of the famous Salang Pass (3878 m. or 12723 ft.) in the Hindu Kush mountain range of northern Afghanistan. These two passes provided the most direct if difficult routes across the imposing east-west wall of the Hindu Kush mountains which divide northern Afghanistan or Tokharistan from Kabul province which is closely connected to southern Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 Vaupés River (Uaupés River) is a tributary of the Rio Negro in South America. It arises in the Guaviare Department of Colombia flowing east through Guaviare and Vaupés Departments. It forms part of the international border between Colombia and the Amazonas state of Brazil. On the border it merges with the Papurí River and becomes known as the Uaupés.
 The Icușești River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Lac de Melu is a lake in Corsica France. At an elevation of 1710 m its surface area is 0.065 km².It is close to Lac de Capitellu in the commune of Corte.
 The Milo River is a river in Guinea in west Africa. The Milo River flows into the River Niger.
 The Cricamola River is a river of Panama.
 The Bull River is an 8.1-mile-long (13.0 km) tidal river in the U.S. state of Georgia running through Chatham County east of Savannah. At its north end it connects via St. Augustine Creek and the Wilmington River with the Savannah River. Its south end is at Wassaw Sound leading to the Atlantic Ocean. The Bull River flows between Wilmington Island to the west and McQueens Island and Little Tybee Island to the east. The river is crossed by one bridge carrying U.S.
 Orange Lake is located near the hamlet named after it in the Town of Newburgh New York United States. At 400 acres (160 ha) in surface area it is the largest lake entirely within Orange County after which it is named.
 Sæbyggjenuten is a mountain on the border of the municipalities Bykle (in Aust-Agder county) and Tokke (in Telemark county) Norway. It's located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of Dalen Telemark and also about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of the village of Bykle.The 1507-metre (4944 ft) tall mountain is the highest point in Aust-Agder county.
 Hawthorne Canal a southern tributary of the Parramatta River is an artificial waterway west of Sydney Harbour in the inner–western Sydney suburbs of Lewisham Summer Hill Haberfield and Leichhardt in New South Wales Australia.Hawthorne Canal and Iron Cove Creek are two significant tributaries that flow into Iron Cove where it flows into Parramatta River before connecting with Port Jackson.
 Ichilo River is a Bolivian river at the foot of the Eastern Andes-Cordillera in South America. It lends its name to the Ichilo Province one of the 15 provinces of the Santa Cruz Department of Bolivia.
 Lake Basaka (Basaka Hayk in Amharic) is a shallow saline lake in the Oromia Region of central Ethiopia. It is located in the Great Rift Valley about 200 kilometres (120 mi) south east of the capital Addis Ababa. The lake is at an elevation of 950 metres (3000 ft).
 The Izvorul Lung River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Valea Șesii River is a tributary of the Valea Iazului River in Romania.
 Lac des Toules is a reservoir in Valais Switzerland at Bourg-Saint-Pierre. Its surface area is 0.61 km². The dam Les Toules was completed in 1963.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Naeyeonsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 710 metres.
 Barnegat Bay is a small brackish arm of the Atlantic Ocean approximately 30 miles (50 km) long along the coast of Ocean County New Jersey in the United States. It is separated from the Atlantic by a long barrier peninsula as well as by the north end of Long Beach Island. The bay is fed by several small rivers including the Toms River and Metedeconk River which empty into the bay through small estuaries along its inner shore.
 Sleepy Hollow is the name given to a circular shallow depression in Gusev Crater on Mars near the landing site of the Mars Exploration Rover Spirit in 2004.About 12 metres from the landing site Sleepy Hollow measures about 9 metres across.The name is an allusion to the locale mentioned in Washington Irving's The Legend of Sleepy Hollow (which also gave its name to Sleepy Hollow New York).
 Herzogenhorn is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake Whillans is a subglacial lake in Antarctica. The lake is located under the Whillans Ice Stream at the southeastern edge of the Ross Ice Shelf in the west of the continent. The lake surface is 800 m (2600 ft) beneath the surface of the ice and the lake covers an estimated area of 60 km2 (20 sq mi). Lake depths measured thus far have been around 2 metres (7 feet).Lake Whillans like the Whillans Ice Stream is named for Ohio State University glaciologist Dr. Ian Whillans.
 Piz Radun (also known as Plangghorn) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Safien in the canton of Graubünden.
 The Reghin River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 The Río Paz is a river in southern Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Quezalapa mountains in the north of Jutiapa. From there it flows in a south-westerly direction and marks the border with El Salvador for most of its way before reaching the Pacific Ocean at 13°46′16″N 90°10′57″W.The Paz River is 134 km long and its river basin covers a territory of 1732 km2 in Guatemala.It flows through the Ahuachapán Department and flows into the Laguna el Espino.
 Pizzo Arera is a mountain in the Orobie or Bergamo Alps of northern Italy. Its peak is 2512 meters above sea level and it is part of the ridge that divides Val Seriana from Val Brembana. The town of Roncobello is nearby. Fossils can be found on some ridges.It is the largest in a group of four mountains that surround Zambla Alta.
 Nehoiaşu Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant on the Bâsca Mare River or simply Bâsca River situated in Romania. The project was started in 1998 and it was made up by the construction of a dam with 8 mobile segments each 12 m high which will be equipped with two vertical turbines the hydropower plant having an installed capacity of 152 MW. The power plant will generate 328 GWh of electricity per year.
 The Chaise also known as the Monthoux is a mountain river of eastern France. It flows through the departments Savoie and Haute-Savoie. It is a right tributary of the Arly which it joins in Ugine where in the mid nineteenth century it was crossed by a wooden bridge.
 The Cati River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Viteazu River is a tributary of the Bâlta River in Romania.
 The Chewuch River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. Its name comes from the word /cwáx/ [čwáx] in the Columbia-Moses language meaning creek.The river valley was also the site of the Thirty Mile Fire which killed four fire fighters in July 2001.
 The Bârghiș River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 Neltume Lake (Spanish: Lago Neltume) is one of the Seven Lakes in Panguipulli municipality southern Chile. The lake is of glacial origin and it is enclosed by mountain ranges of the Andes.
 Lake Isabella (also called Isabella Lake ) is a reservoir in Kern County California created by the earthen Isabella Dam. It was formed in 1953 when the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers dammed the Kern River at the junction of its two forks at Whiskey Flat. At 11000 acres (4500 ha) it is one of the larger reservoirs in California.
 Somport or Col du Somport known also as the Aspe Pass or Canfranc Pass (el. 1632 m.) is a mountain pass in the central Pyrenees on the border of France and Spain. Its name is derived from the Latin Summus portus. It was one of the most popular routes for soldiers merchants and pilgrims to the tomb of St. James following the route from Arles to cross the Pyrenees. They travelled from Oloron-Sainte-Marie Pyrénées-Atlantiques France via Somport to Aragon Spain.
 Bocchetta del Croso is a pedestrian pass (el. 1943 m) across the Alpi Biellesi. It connects Cervo valley (BI) and Valsesia (VC) both in Piemonte (Italy) .
 Radobolja is a river in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is five kilometers long and its spring is located below the Mikuljaca hill in Mostar's suburb of Ilici. Radobolja flows through Mostar and flows into the Neretva River near the Old Bridge. During the Ottoman rule water from Radobolja was used for irrigation and drinking however today's Radobolja is polluted due to discharge of waste-water.
 Williamstown Lake is a public 333-acre (1.35 km2) recreational lake and water reservoir in Grant County Kentucky. It was created in 1955 by impounding the South Fork of Grassy Creek. The lake officially opened for boating fishing and swimming in 1957. With more than 20 miles of shoreline over 300 summer cottages and year-round homes line the lake. Residents and vacationers enjoy yearly events such as the Labor Day Boat Parade and Paddle Williamstown among other summer festivities.
 Little Warbonnet Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake or the Goat Creek drainage.Little Warbonnet Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Warbonnet Lake is upstream of Little Warbonnet Lake while the Feather Lakes and Blue Rock Lake are downstream.
 The Steere River is a river in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise below the Ravensthorpe Range in the vicinity of Elverdton then flow in a southerly direction until discharging into the north eastern end of Culham Inlet.The waters of the river are naturally saline. The river drains an area of Archean volcanic and sedimentary rock that is mostly vegetated.
 The Waytapallana mountain range (Quechua wayta wild flower a little bunch of flowers pallay to collect pallana an instrument to collect fruit / collectable Waytapallana a place where you collect wild flowers hispanicized spelling Huaytapallana) lies in the Junín Region in the Andes of Peru. It extends between 11°47' and 11°56'S and 75°00' and 75°05'W for about 17 km. The surface area of the zone is 378'40 km². The range is located in the provinces Concepción and Huancayo.
 The Río de Caguanita is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Redoubt Lake or Kunaa Shak Áayi is a long narrow lake on Baranof Island near Sitka Alaska. It is located in a glacially-carved valley in Tongass National Forest. It was named Ozero Glubokoye meaning deep lake in 1809 by the Russian navigator Ivan Vasilyev.Redoubt Lake is one of the largest meromictic lakes in North America. Its water is fresh to a depth of 330 ft (100 m) below which is a dense saltwater layer.
 Phantom Peak (8004 feet (2440 m)) is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. Located in the northern section of the park Phantom Peak is in the Picket Range and is 1 mi (1.6 km) northwest of Mount Fury and .50 mi (0.80 km) south of Crooked Thumb Peak.
 Alcove Reservoir is a reservoir located in Albany County New York United States. It serves as water supply for the city of Albany. At 618 ft (188 m) in elevation the closest hamlet is Alcove part of the town of Coeymans. New York State Route 32 passes the reservoir on the west. It was built 1928–1932 inundating the village of Indian Fields.The Alcove Reservoir is fed by the Hannacrois Creek Silver Creek and Gulf Creek.
 Mount Meron (Hebrew: הר מירון‎ Har Meron; Arabic: جبل الجرمق‎ Jabal al-Jarmaq) is a mountain in Israel. It has special significance in Jewish religious tradition and parts of it have been declared a nature reserve.At 1208 metres (3963 ft) above sea level Mount Meron is the highest peak in Israel though many peaks in the Golan Heights are higher.
 The Lostener See is a lake in West Mecklenburg Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 35.9 m its surface area is 0.22 km².
 Belize River is a 180-mile (290 km)[citation needed] river in Belize that drains more than one-quarter of the country as it winds along the northern edge of the Maya Mountains across the center of the country to the sea just north of Belize City (17°32′N 88°14′W). However the Belize River/Mopan River Catchment contains over 45 percent of the population of Belize.
 Chant is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon behind the southwest limb as seen from the Earth. It lies within the southwestern part of the blanket of ejecta surrounding the Mare Orientale beyond the Montes Cordillera mountain ring. To the west-northwest is the large walled plain Blackett. Southward is the crater Mendel.This is a nearly circular crater with a slight outward bulge in the northeast wall.
 The Greybull River is a tributary of the Big Horn River approximately 90 miles (140 km) long in northern Wyoming in the United States. The river was reportedly named for a white buffalo that had been seen on its banks. Native Americans consider the appearance of a white buffalo a powerful omen.The river rises near Francs Peak in the Absaroka Mountains in the southwest corner of the Big Horn Basin.
 Humpback Rock is a massive greenstone outcrop near the peak of Humpback Mountain with a summit elevation of 3080 feet (940 m). The rock is so named for the visual effect of a hump it creates on the western face of the mountain.
 Ik River (Russian: Ик; Tatar Cyrillic: Ык Latin: Iq; Bashkir: Ыҡ) is a river in Russia which flows north to the Kama River. It flows through the Republics of Bashkortostan and Tatarstan and through Orenburg Oblast. The left tributaries are Mellya Menzelya Dymka the right tributary is Usen.
 Cahuenga Peak is the 12th-highest named peak in the Santa Monica Mountains and is located just west of the Hollywood Sign. It provides a spectacular 360-degree panorama of the Los Angeles Basin and the San Fernando Valley for those hikers willing to climb the roadless peak.
 Hundsrücken (Schwäbische Alb) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 De Lalande is a multiring impact crater on Venus. It has a diameter of 21.6 km and wall width of 5.6 km. The crater has an outer rim but no peak and is in close proximity to the volcano Gula Mons.
 Fackenburger Landgraben is a canal in Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Vega is an eroded lunar crater that is located in the southeastern part of the Moon. It lies on the near side and so can be viewed from the Earth. Less than one crater diameter to the east-southeast is the slightly smaller Peirescius. About one and a half crater diameters to the west is the long Vallis Rheita.This crater has been worn and eroded by a history of impacts. Vega B overlies the southern part of the southern floor and inner wall.
 The Valea Gălbenele River or Hornu Coamei River is a tributary of the Valea Coștilei River in Romania.
 Peters Creek is a 16.8-mile-long (27.0 km) tributary of the Monongahela River and part of the Mississippi River watershed flowing through southwestern Pennsylvania in the United States.Peters Creek starts in Nottingham Township in Washington County and joins the Monongahela River at Clairton in Allegheny County.
 Søre Bukkevatnet or Søndre Bukkevatnet is a lake in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county Norway. Søre Bukkevannet is joined together with Nordre Bukkevatnet via a natural canal. Geitvatnet lies immediately to the west of this lake.
 The Silent Valley Reservoir is a reservoir located in the Mourne Mountains near Kilkeel County Down in Northern Ireland. It supplies most of the water for County Down surrounding counties and most of Belfast. It is owned and maintained by Northern Ireland Water Limited (formerly DRD Water Service). The reservoir was built between 1923 and 1933 by a workforce of over one thousand men nine of whom died.
 Lake Ozeros (Greek: Οζερός Λίμνη Οζερού) is a lake located west of Agrinio. The lake is formed from the waters of the Acheloos river flowing from the northwest. The lake has a surface of ca. 10 km2 and an average depth of 8-10 m but this varies greatly with the season. The GR-5/E55 (Antirrio - Agrinio - Ioannina) runs to the northeastern side.
 The Valea la Nuci River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Tibradden Mountain (Irish: Sliabh Thigh Bródáin meaning mountain of the house of Bródáin) is a mountain in County Dublin in Ireland. Other names for the mountain include Garrycastle and Kilmainham Begg (a reference to Kilmainham Priory which once owned the lands around the mountain). It is 467 metres (1532 feet) high and is the 561st highest mountain in Ireland.
 Lillsjön (Swedish: The Small Lake) is a small lake in the western suburb Bromma in Stockholm Sweden. It is one of four lakes in the western suburbs the other being: Kyrksjön Judarn and Råcksta Träsk. Located in the small park Lillsjöparken and surrounded by heavily trafficked artery roads on all sides it is rich in nutrients with high levels of metals in the sediments. Prospects are to improve the water quality to keep the lake as a locale for birds.
 The San Gorgonio River is a 26.8-mile-long (43.1 km) river primarily flowing in western Riverside County except for a small upstream portion in southwestern San Bernardino County in southern California the United States.
 Falkenstein Castle (German: Burgruine Falkenstein) near Bad Emstal is a castle in Hesse Germany.
 The Lauberhorn is a mountain in the Bernese Alps of Switzerland located between Wengen and Grindelwald north of the Kleine Scheidegg. Its summit is at an elevation of 2472 m (8110 ft) above sea level. The mountain is best known as the site of the Lauberhorn alpine ski races (German: Lauberhornrennen) held annually above Wengen in the Bernese Oberland.
 Ugashik-Peulik is a stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located to the south of Becharof Lake in Lake and Peninsula Borough on the Alaska Peninsula. It is part of the Aleutian Range. Its last eruption was in 1814.
 The Southern Rocky Mountains are a major subregion of the Rocky Mountains of North America located in the southern portion of the U.S. state of Wyoming the central and western portions of Colorado the northern portion of New Mexico and extreme eastern portions of Utah.
 Eselsbach (Warmenau) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Finndalshorungen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Pania della Croce is a mountain (1858 m) in the Alpi Apuane in Tuscany central Italy. It is the highest peak in the Panie Group (Gruppo delle Panie) located not far from the Tyrrhenian Sea coast.On very clear days Monviso (in Piedmont) Monte Amiata and Corsica can all be seen from its summit together with the tyrrhenian coastline.
 The Little Otter River is a river in the U.S. state of Virginia.
 Sligo Creek is a free-flowing tributary of the Northwest Branch of the Anacostia River in Maryland. (The Anacostia in turn feeds into the Potomac River and eventually empties into the Atlantic Ocean via Chesapeake Bay.) The creek is approximately 9.1 miles (14.6 km) long with a drainage area of about 11.6 square miles (30 km2).
 Gresvatnet or Grasvatnet (Southern Sami: Graesiejaevrie) is a lake on the border between Norway and Sweden. Most of the lake lies in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county (Norway) and then a small portion crosses the border into Storuman Municipality in Västerbotten county (Sweden). The lake lies about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of the village of Korgen and just a few kilometres northeast of the mountain Oksskolten and the Okstindbreen glacier.
 The Escurinho River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Mount Tabor (Hebrew: הַר תָּבוֹר</span> Modern Har Tavor Tiberian Har Tāḇôr Arabic: جبل الطور Jabal aṭ-Ṭūr Greek: Όρος Θαβώρ) is located in Lower Galilee Israel at the eastern end of the Jezreel Valley 11 miles (18 km) west of the Sea of Galilee. It was the site of the Mount Tabor battle between Barak under the leadership of the Israelite judge Deborah and the army of Jabin commanded by Sisera in the mid 12th century BC.
 The Viţelul River is a tributary of the Boul River in Romania
 The Choveșul Mare River is a headwater of the Choveș River in Romania.
 Wood Creek Lake is a 672-acre (2.72 km2) reservoir in Laurel County Kentucky. Created by impounding Wood Creek in 1969 the lake is located in the middle of Daniel Boone National Forest.Wood Creek Lake Dam is a rock-fill dam 163 feet high and 800 feet long at its crest with a maximum capacity of 29101 acre-feet. Dam and lake are owned by the Commonwealth of Kentucky.
 Hoher Filzberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Traunsee is a lake in the Salzkammergut Austria located at 47°52′N 13°48′E. Its surface is approximately 24.5 km² and its maximum depth is 191 metres. It is a popular tourist destination and its attractions include Schloss Ort a medieval castle.At the North end of the lake is Gmunden at the south end is Ebensee. The lake is surrounded by mountains including the Traunstein and a number of other towns and villages surround the lake including Altmünster and Traunkirchen.
 The Baratu River is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 The Găvojdia River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The South Yorkshire Railway was a railway company which was based in the south of the former West Riding of Yorkshire England. Its first section of line opened on 10 November 1849 between Swinton Junction and Doncaster.
 Duckwitzer See is a lake in the Rostock district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 19.9 m its surface area is 0.179 km².
 The Vâlceaua Găinii River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
 Eimmart is a lunar crater that is located near the east-northeastern limb of the Moon to the northeast of the Mare Crisium. The northern and eastern outer rim of this crater borders on the narrow Mare Anguis. To the northwest of Eimmart are the smaller crater Delmotte and the prominent Cleomedes.The rim of this crater has been lightly eroded especially along the south-southeastern portion but most of the edge remains intact.
 The Zasavica (Serbian Cyrillic: Засавица) is a river in the region of Mačva western-central Serbia.The Zasavica is a 33.1 km-long right tributary to the Sava river which entirely flows through the region of Mačva. It originates from the several streams out of the swamps north of the village of Salaš Crnobarski in the floodplain of the lower course of the Drina river.
 Duffesbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Sagge River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Steamer Range is a series of spectacular rock formations branching off the Main Range National Park in Queensland Australia. They lie at the head of Emu Creek west of Warwick in the Main Range. Viewed from most angles with a little imagination the range looks like a steamboat. The Mast formation was climbed on 24 August 1950 by Bob Waring and Jon Stephenson and the Funnel formation was climbed on 1 December 1950 by Bob Waring and Kemp Fowler[citation needed].
 Laufach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lower Válicka Hungarian: Alsó-Válicka is a stream in Zala County Hungary. It originates at Válickapuszta Pusztaszentlászló near the Upper Válicka. It ends at Pátka where it flows to Cserta. Its watershed area is 186.5 km2.
 Jaskinia Raj (pronounced Yaskeenya Rye and translated as Paradise Cave) is a horizontal limestone cave in Poland located in the hill Malik to the south of Kielce Świętokrzyskie Voivodship.It is part of the File:Szlak czerwony.svg Red tourist trail Chęciny - Kielce in the Świętokrzyskie Mountains (Holy Cross Mountains).
 Leppinsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 58.6 m its surface area is 0.914 km².
 The Valea Pontului River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Robs Lake is a lake of Shelburne District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Ñawinqucha (Quechua ñawi eye / button hole -n a suffix qucha lake hispanicized spellings Ñahuincocha Ñahuin ccocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region Huancavelica Province Acobambilla District. It lies west of the lake Warmiqucha and south of the lake Milluqucha.
 The Ni River is a river of New Caledonia. It has a catchment area of 173 square kilometres.
 The Caballo Mountains (Spanish: horse) are a mountain range located in Sierra and Doña Ana Counties New Mexico United States. The range is located east of the Rio Grande and Caballo Lake and west of the Jornada del Muerto; the south of the range extends into northwest Doña Ana County. The nearest towns are Truth or Consequences and Hatch.Most of the Caballo Mountains are located on land owned by the Bureau of Land Management.
 Owen Stanley Range is the south-eastern part of the central mountain-chain in Papua New Guinea. It was seen in 1849 by Captain Owen Stanley while surveying the south coast of Papua and named after him. Strictly the eastern extremity of the range is Mount Victoria 4038 metres (13248 ft) which was climbed by Sir William Macgregor in 1888 and it extends as far west as Mount Thynne and Lilley.
 Karabash Reservoir (Russian: Карабашское водохранилище Tatar Cyrillic: Карабаш сусаклагычы Latin: Qarabaş susaqlağıçı) is a reservoir of the upper Zay River near Karabash Tatarstan Russian Federation. It was filled in 1957 for the local oil and other industry needs. It has surface area 7.31 km² a length 8.7 km mean depth 7.2 m and a volume 52.3 million cubic meters.
 The Weston-Worle Ridge is a range of three hills just north of Weston-super-Mare. Going from west to east these hills are Worlebury Hill Milton Hill and Worle Hill.
 The San Pitch River extending 65 miles (105 km) is the primary water course of the Sanpete Valley and drains into the Sevier River in southwestern Sanpete. The river is named for the Ute chief Sanpitch who also gives his name to the San Pitch Mountains and Sanpete County.
 The Río Grande de San Juan is a river of Argentina.
 Yanaqaqa (Quechua yana black qaqa rock black rock hispanicized Yanajaja) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5550 metres (18209 ft) high. It is situated in the Cusco Region Canchis Province Pitumarca District and in the Quispicanchi Province Ocongate District. Yanaqaqa lies west of the Ausangate southwest of the Qullpa Ananta south of the Q'ampa and west of the river Ch'illkamayu close to the Chilinita (Santa Catalina).
 The River Miñor ((Spanish) Río Miñor) is a river of Galicia Spain. It is 9.9 miles (16 km) long and stretches from Or Galiñeiro to the places of Ramallosa and Sabarís.
 Fifteenmile Creek is a 54-mile (87 km) long tributary of the Columbia River located in the U.S. state of Oregon. It drains 373 square miles (966 km2) of Hood River and Wasco counties. Arising in the Cascade Range near Mount Hood it flows northeast then west to its confluence with the Columbia near The Dalles.It was named fifteenmile because in pioneer days the main road crossed the creek about fifteen miles from The Dalles.
 Fairview Dome is a prominent granite dome in Yosemite National Park located 1.8 miles (2.9 km) north of Cathedral Peak and 4 miles (6.4 km) west of Tuolumne Meadows.John Muir wrote of the peak:The north face route is popular with rock climbers and is listed in the classic guidebook Fifty Classic Climbs of North America. Routes vary in difficulty up to possibly class 5.11.
 The Măgura Roșianului River is a tributary of the Sebeşel River in Romania.
 Mount Fromme is a mountain on the North Shore of Vancouver British Columbia and a key North American mountain biking destination. Looking towards the North of the Burrard Inlet three mountains are clearly visible (Grouse Mountain Mount Seymour and Mt. Fromme). Mt. Fromme (commonly referred to as Grouse Mountain because of its proximity to the ski resort of that name) has downhill trails that have made a name for the North Shore riding style.
 Golica (1836 m) (German: Kahlkogel) is a peak in the Western Karawanks on the border between Slovenia and Austria above the Slovene town of Jesenice. It is known mainly for its fields of wild white narcissi swathes of which cover Golica and surrounding pastures in late April and early May. This marks the beginning of a popular time for mountaineers to visit extending through the end of summer.
 The Matakitaki River is located in the north of New Zealand's South Island. An upper tributary of the Buller River it flows north and west for 65 kilometres from its source north of the Lewis Pass joining the Buller at Murchison. It has one major tributary the Glenroy River.
 The Valea Blidarului River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
 The Buena Vista Valley is an approximately 40-mile (64 km) long valley located in central-east Pershing County Nevada. Unionville Nevada lies at its northwest at the foothills of the Humboldt Range.The valley contains the approximately 18-mile (29 km) long Buena Vista Lake Bed a crescent shaped lakebed adjacent the southeast perimeter of the Humboldt Range.
 The Rosamond Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert in eastern Kern County California.
 High Knob is a mountain summit on the border between Hampshire and Hardy counties in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle. High Knob is known for its overlook of The Trough and of points in three counties. A historical marker was placed on U.S. Route 220/West Virginia Route 28 noting its scenic and historical value. Geologically High Knob is a summit of Mill Creek Mountain.
 Holybourne Hill or Holybourne Down is one of the highest points in the county of Hampshire England and in the Hampshire Downs rising to 225 metres (738 ft) above sea level.Holybourne Hill rises not far from the village of Holybourne in Hampshire.
 The Vâlcelul Poiana Izvoarelor River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania.
 The Jamanxim River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Tapajós.
 The Dry Awarua River is a river of northern Fiordland New Zealand. It rises in the McKenzie Range and flows south and then westward into the Waiuna Lagoon.A tramping track runs part of the way along the river.
 Lake Coffy is a lake between Bettens and Boussens in the canton of Vaud Switzerland. It surface area is 1.2 ha. The artificial lake was created in 1972. The site is listed in the Federal Inventory of Amphibian Spawning Areas. Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Mittaghorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the cantons of Bern and Valais. It is situated in the middle of the Lauterbrunnen Wall.
 The Granatspitze Group (German: Granatspitzgruppe) is a sub-group of the Central Alps within the Eastern Alps. Together with the Ankogel Group the Goldberg Group the Glockner Group the Schober Group the Kreuzeck Group the Venediger Group the Villgraten Mountains and the Rieserferner Group the Granatspitze Group forms the main range known as the High Tauern. The Granatspitze Group is located in Austria in the federal states of Salzburg and Tyrol.
 Bullialdus is a lunar impact crater located in the western part of the Mare Nubium. To the north by north-west is the broken-rimmed and lava-flooded crater Lubiniezky. South-west of Bullialdus lies the smaller crater König.The relatively isolated location of this crater serves to highlight its well-formed shape. Bullialdus has a high outer rim that is circular but observers have noted a slightly polygonal appearance. The inner walls are terraced and contain many signs of landslips.
 The Sauce Grande River is a river of Argentina.Every year on March 14 local Argentinians celebrate El Dia de las Salsas Deliciosas on the bank of the Rio Sauce Grande. This commemorative festival in recognition of local hero Pablo Rivero celebrates his invention of salsa. Rivero's inspiration for salsa came after a devastating drought in the year 1928 when he combined his meager crop into one delicious party dish.
 The Ormindea River is a tributary of the Căian River in Romania.
 Maksameri is a lake of Estonia.
 Coti River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Gjuvvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Åseral in Vest-Agder county Norway.
 The Sarugaishi River (猿ヶ石川 Sarugaishi-gawa) is a river in Iwate Prefecture Japan.The Sarugaishi River rises in the Kitakami Mountains just south of Mt. Yakushi in Tōno and empties into the Kitakami River in Hanamaki. The Tase Dam is situated on the Sarugaishi River in eastern Hanamaki in the former town of Towa. This dam was completed in 1953. There is a legend that the entire floodplain of the river in Tōno was once a large lake dammed by the hills in Miyamori.
 Gehlsbach is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. It is a tributary of the Elde.
 Herrington Lake is a 2335-acre (9 km2) artificial lake located in Mercer Garrard and Boyle counties in Kentucky USA. The lake was created by Kentucky Utilities' damming of the Dix River a tributary of the Kentucky River in 1925 to generate hydroelectric power. With a maximum depth of 249 feet (76 m) Herrington Lake is the deepest lake in Kentucky. A short distance below the dam the Dix River enters the Kentucky River at High Bridge Kentucky.
 The Western Tatras (Slovak: Západné Tatry; Polish: Tatry Zachodnie) are mountains in the Tatras part of the Carpathian Mountains located on the Polish-Slovak borders. The mountains border the High Tatras in the east Podtatranská kotlina in the south Choč Mountains in the west and Rów Podtatrzański (Slovak: Podtatranská brázda) in the north.
 Þórðarhyrna (also known as Thordarhyrna) is one of seven subglacial volcanos beneath the Vatnajokull glacier Iceland.
 Baptist Creek is a tributary of the Vermillion River located in the southeastern South Dakota county of Clay.
 Jamdusan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1243 m (4078 ft).
 The Quartel River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Mizri Ghar at 3111 metres (10207 ft) is the third highest mountain in the Sulaiman Mountains of Western Pakistan. The only peaks higher are Qaisaghar (Kaisargarh) at 3444 metres (11299 ft) and Takht-i-Sulaiman at 3378 metres (11083 ft). Mizri Ghar is located near the village Manikhawa.On Mizri Ghar and the surrounding ridge the predominant vegetation is Chilgoza Pine and Wild Olive.
 The Elk River Mountains is a rugged group of mountains in the heart of Strathcona Provincial Park on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 113 km2 and is part of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 The Padina Închisă River is a tributary of the Padina Şindileriei River in Romania.
 The Boholt River (Hungarian: Boholt-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Mount Pleasant (Māori: Tauhinu Korokio or Tauhinukorokio) is the highest elevation in the eastern Port Hills in Christchurch New Zealand. It once held a Māori pā but there was little left of it when European settlers first arrived in the 1840s. The hill was first used as a sheep run and became the base trig station for the survey of Canterbury. It was also used as a signal station to make residents aware of ships coming into Lyttelton Harbour.
 Salt Creek is a tributary 30 miles (48 km) long of the Middle Fork Willamette River in Lane County in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is named for salt springs along its banks that are used as licks by deer. The stream originates in the forested Cascade Range just southeast of Waldo Lake and flows generally south through Gold Lake to Route 58 which it follows mainly northwest for about 26 miles (42 km) to its mouth at the Middle Fork Willamette just below Hills Creek Dam.
 South Branch Mountain is a mountain ridge that runs southwest to northeast through Hampshire and Hardy counties in the Eastern Panhandle of the U.S. state of West Virginia rising to its greatest elevation of 3028 feet (923 m) above sea-level in the Nathaniel Mountain Wildlife Management Area. South Branch Mountain is among the largest and most prominent of the mountains in the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians of the Eastern Panhandle region.
 The Ulmu Mic River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Middle Moriah Mountain is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Carter-Moriah Range of the White Mountains which runs along the northern east side of Pinkham Notch. Middle Moriah is flanked to the northeast by Shelburne Moriah Mountain and to the southwest by Mount Moriah.
 Popov is a crater on the far side of the Moon just beyond the eastern limb. It is located along the very edge of the area of surface that is sometimes brought into view of the Earth during periods of favorable libration and illumination. However even at such times it is not prominent and can only be viewed edge-on.This crater lies due south of Dziewulski and the crater chain designated Catena Dziewulski passes just to the northeast of Popov's outer rim.
 Summit Mountain (8770 feet (2673 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Summit Mountain towers to the north of Marias Pass and is situated along the Continental Divide.
 The Nadăș River (Hungarian: Nádas) is a tributary of the Râul Primejdios in Romania.
 The Marro is an Italian river in the province of Reggio Calabria. Its source is south of Cittanova and north of the Aspromonte. It has two tributaries which flow north from their sources in the Aspromonte into the Marro. The Marro flows northwest and empties into the Tyrrhenian Sea near Gioia Tauro.
 Lake Obernberg (German: Obernberger See) lies at an elevation of 1590 metres in the valley with the same name near the Brenner Alps. With such a big area size and volume it is the biggest Lake on the southern side of Tyrol. The fresh water is provided subterranean by the Obernberger Seebach. Around the lake are travel paths.The Lake has A quality on the surface and is one of the most beautiful mountain lakes of our country.
 Bastiments is a mountain peak at the easternmost side of the Pyrenees mountain range. It is located on the Spanish-French border within the confluence of the Spanish municipalities of Setcases and Queralbs and the French commune of Fontpédrouse. it has an altitude of 2881 metres (9452 ft) above sea level.
 The Mala River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Paganella is a mountain in Trentino in northern Italy in the territories of the comuni of Fai della Paganella Andalo Molveno Zambana and Terlago. Overlooking Trento from north-west it consists of a short range/plateau with a highest elevation of 2125 m (Roda Peak).The versant of Andalo and Fai is rich of vegetation and also houses several ski resorts while the other descends towards the Adige river with steep slopes.
 Mount Tod 2155 m (7070 ft) prominence: 1523 m (Secwemptsin: Skwelkwekwelt ) commonly known as Tod Mountain is a summit 50km northeast of Kamloops British Columbia Canada. Located northeast of the junction of Louis and McGillivray Creeks it is part of the upland area between the Interior Plateau (W) and the Monashee Mountains (E) known as the Shuswap Highland the mountain is the highest of three summits comprising the Sun Peaks alpine ski resort.
 Mount Price is a small stratovolcano in the Garibaldi Ranges of the Pacific Ranges in southwestern British Columbia Canada. It is located 10 km (6.2 mi) southeast of Garibaldi above the eastern flank of the Squamish River valley. With a summit elevation of 2052 m (6732 ft) and a topographic prominence of 402 m (1319 ft) it rises above the surrounding landscape on the western shore of Garibaldi Lake.
 Waldsea Lake is a lake in central Saskatchewan Canada 100 km east of Saskatoon near Carmel Saskatchewan. The lake is partially saline with strong consentations of Sodium Sulfate Magnesium and Chlorine ions. It is part of the Lenore Lake Basin which includes several saline lakes (Lenore Basin Middle Frog Ranch Murphy Flat Mantrap Houghton Deadmoose and Waldsea) as well as the freshwater St. Brieux Lake and Burton Lake. The basin has no natural outlet.
 Canoe Lake is a lake in Combermere Renfrew County Ontario Canada. It is 600 metres (1969 ft) long and 300 metres (984 ft) wide and the primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Negeek Lake on the Madawaska River.There is a second Canoe Lake in Renfrew County that is also part of the Madawaska system Canoe Lake (Highland Creek) on the Highland Creek tributary further downstream.
 Northern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group (北八ヶ岳 Kita-Yatsugatake) is a volcanic group of stratovolcanoes and lava domes located in Nagano Prefecture on Honshū in Japan.
 Rainbow Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 107.Rainbow Lake is northeast of Horton Peak and southwest of the Champion Lakes although in a separate sub-basin.
 Artesonraju also referred to simply as Arteson is a distinctly pyramidal mountain peak located in the Cordillera Blanca mountain range a part of the Peruvian Andes about 60 kilometres (37 mi) north of the town of Huaraz.
 The Imong River is a river in United States territory of Guam.
 Little Pucketa Creek is a tributary of Pucketa Creek and a sub-tributary of the Allegheny River located in both Allegheny and Westmoreland counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 The Bighorn Mountains (Apsáalookěi: Basawaxaawúua or Iisaxpúatahchee Isawaxaawúua) are a mountain range in northern Wyoming and southern Montana in the United States forming a northwest-trending spur from the Rocky Mountains extending approximately 200 miles (320 km) northward on the Great Plains. They are separated from the Absaroka Range which lie on the main branch of the Rockies in western Wyoming by the Bighorn Basin.
 The Basalt River in North Queensland Australia rises on the eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range and flows into the Burdekin River about 60 km north of Charters Towers. The river has a length of 160 km and a catchment size of 2900 km².The river catchment is mostly used for livestock grazing. The river contains a number of large permanent deep and clear waterholes.
 Blue Jay Creek is a river on Manitoulin Island in Central Manitoulin and Tehkummah townships Manitoulin District in northeastern Ontario Canada and a tributary of Lake Huron.
 The River Blackwater (Irish: An Uisce Dubh ) is a river that flows through the counties of Cavan and Meath in Ireland. It is a tributary of the River Boyne which flows into the Irish Sea at Drogheda. (This is one of two River Blackwaters which flow into the Boyne in County Meath the other originates in County Kildare). It has its source in the south of Cavan near the town of Bailieborough.
 Whitehorse Lake is located 19 miles (31 km) southeast of Williams in North Central Arizona.
 Jokai is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 106 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Jokai is named for the Hungarian novelist Mór Jókai who lived from 1825 to 1904.
 The Aan River is a short river in the South Island of New Zealand.The river flows out of Lake Innes and into the sea on the southern coast of the South Island.The river may be reached on foot via the South Coast Track which crosses it via a suspension bridge.
 Bell River a watercourse that is part of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the central west region of New South Wales Australia.
 Kootenai Peak (8542 feet (2604 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Kootenai Peak is in the northeastern section of Glacier National Park.
 Christian Pond is a small freshwater lake in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. State of Wyoming. The pond is known for its diversity of waterfowl including the Trumpeter Swan which nest here. The shallowness of the pond results in summer water temperatures that are typically warmer than most lakes in Grand Teton National Park. Turbidity is low and pH levels are typically in the range of 9.6 (slightly alkaline).
 Hardenberger Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Hickling Broad lies within Norfolk England 4 km south-east of Stalham.It is a National Nature Reserve established by English Nature and in the care of the Norfolk Wildlife Trust who run boat trips around the reserve for visitors. It is also part of the Upper Thurne Broads and Marshes Site of Special Scientific Interest.
 American Legion Peak (13211 ft (4027 m)) is located in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Situated 1 mi (1.6 km) east of Bow Mountain and a couple miles west of Mount Helen American Legion Peak is the 17th tallest peak in Wyoming. The small American Legion Glacier descends from the east slopes of the mountain and Henderson Peak lies to the south.
 The Sturgeon River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin located in Kenora and Thunder Bay Districts in northwestern Ontario Canada. It travels 38.5 kilometres (23.9 mi) west from its head at Sturgeon Lake Thunder Bay District through several intermediate lakes to the Marchington River at Marchington Lake Kenora District.The CN transcontinental rail line crosses the river at its mouth near Robinson and Highway 599 crosses at the eastern end near its head.
 The Rospuda [rɔsˈpuda] is a small river in north-eastern Poland. It flows through the Suwałki Region of Poland including the north-western part of the large Augustów Primeval Forest wilderness area. Its continuation the Netta is a tributary of the Biebrza. Around 2006 the river was threatened by planned construction of the Augustów bypass expressway which was to cut across the protected wilderness area in the valley.
 Igarapé Sindrichal is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 The Arșița River is a tributary of the Pintic River in Romania.
 The Désix River is a river in the south of France. Its source is in Fenolheda near Aussières peak. It flows through Rabouillet Sournia Pézilla-de-Conflent Felluns and Trilla before it empties into the Agly River near Ansignan .
 Chawpi Urqu (Quechua chawpi middle center urqu mountain central mountain hispanicized spellings Chaupi Orco Chaupi Orkho Chaupi Orko Chupi Orco Chupi Orko) or Wisk'achani (Aymara wisk'acha viscacha -ni a nominal suffix to indicate ownership the one with viscacha hispanicized Viscachani) is a mountain in the Andes on the border of Bolivia and Peru. It has a height of 6044 metres (19829 ft).
 The Valea Vinului River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 Lake Pat Cleburne is the municipal water reservoir for the city of Cleburne Texas as well as a recreational lake for residents. It is formed by damming the Nolan River which continues below the lake's dam. The water is murky due to sediment. U.S. Highway 67 crosses over the extreme north end of the lake lending a panoramic view of the complete lake.
 The Paw Paw River is located in the U.S. state of Michigan in the southwest portion of the lower peninsula. It is formed by the confluence of the north and south branches at 42°15′17″N 85°55′36″W in Waverly Township in the northeast of Van Buren County. It flows approximately 61.8 miles (99.5 km) through Van Buren County and Berrien County until joining the St. Joseph River just above its mouth on Lake Michigan at Benton Harbor.
 The Gender (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɣɛndər]) is a stream in the Dutch province of Noord-Brabant. It originates in originally marshy flatlands near Steensel and flows through Veldhoven and its eastern district Meerveldhoven in a general east-northeast direction towards Eindhoven.
 The Amour Range (Arabic: جبل العمور‎ French: Djebel Amour) is a mountain range in Algeria. It is located in the central area of the Saharan Atlas with the Ksour Range in the western and the Ouled-Naïl Range in the eastern end.The town of Aflou one of the highest municipalities in Algeria and also one of the coldest is located in the range at an elevation of 1426 m. There are about 35000 people living in the area of the Amour Range.
 Golden Ears is the name of the summit that lies north of Maple Ridge British Columbia and is visible from most of the western Lower Mainland. The mountain is in Golden Ears Provincial Park and was originally referred to as Golden Eyries possibly for Golden Eagles that were observed near the summit. There is confusion about the name because of the twin summits the peak exhibits.
 The Valea Măgarului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Khyber Pass (Persian: تنگه خیبر‎ Pashto: د خیبر درہ‎ Urdu: در خیبر‎) (altitude: 1070 m or 3510 ft) is a mountain pass connecting Afghanistan and Pakistan cutting through the northeastern part of the Spin Ghar mountains. An integral part of the ancient Silk Road it is one of the oldest known passes in the world. Throughout history it has been an important trade route between Central Asia and South Asia and a strategic military location.
 Trout Lake formerly known as Fish Lake and Soda Butte Lake is a 12 acres (0.049 km2) popular backcountry lake for hikers and anglers in Yellowstone National Park. The lake is located approximately .33 miles (0.53 km) north of the Northeast Entrance Road near the confluence of Pebble Creek and Soda Butte Creek. The lake sits in a depression on a high bench above the Soda Butte Creek Canyon. A steep trail through a Douglas fir forest leads to the lake.
 Lake Marville is a lake located on Courbet Peninsula in the Kerguelen islands in the French Southern and Antarctic Lands.With a surface of about 50 km² it is among the three largest lakes of France with Lac de Grand-Lieu and Lac du Bourget.
 Grundelbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Øyeren is a lake in the Glomma river watershed southeast of Lillestrøm. It is located within the municipalities of Enebakk Skedsmo Fet and Rælingen in Akershus county and Spydeberg and Trøgstad municipalities in Østfold county. Øyeren lake is the ninth largest lake by area in Norway with a surface area of 84.7 km². It is 101 meters above sea level and 71 meters deep.
 Lake Genval (Dutch: Meer van Genval French: Lac de Genval) is a scenic lake located in Belgium southeast of Brussels near the Sonian Forest and the cities of Rixensart Walloon Brabant and Overijse Flemish Brabant. A popular vacation and holiday destination the lake is surrounded by beautiful turn-of-the-century homes built during the Belle Époque. Situated to the lake's south lies the Château du Lac an exquisite five-star hotel restaurant and bar.
 Kangaroo Creek Reservoir is a 19160 megalitre artificial water storage reservoir in the Adelaide Hills South Australia. It was built from 1966 to 1969 by damming the River Torrens east of Cudlee Creek. The stored water is used to maintain the Hope Valley Reservoir's level via discharge through the Torrens.
 The Serțu River is a tributary of the Valea Lungă River in Romania.
 Piz Sena (also known as Vetta Sperella) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. On its (Swiss) western side it overlooks Poschiavo.
 The Black Hills are a mountain range in Imperial County California.
 Hopperkopf is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 de Gerlache is a lunar crater that is located along the southern limb of the Moon within a crater diameter of Shackleton at the south pole. From the Earth this crater is seen from the edge and it lies in perpetual darkness. Thus little or no detail can be seen of this crater other than the edge of the rim. However the crater is clearly visible in Earth-based radar images. The crater is roughly circular with some slight wear.
 Bull Creek is a 9.6-mile-long (15.4 km) tributary of the Los Angeles River in the San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles County California.The creek rises in Bull Canyon on Oat Mountain. After leaving its canyon it is encased in a concrete flood control channel wherein it runs south from Granada Hills though North Hills Van Nuys (including its airport) and Lake Balboa.
 The Wateringbury stream rises at Swanton West Peckham parish flows south east towards Mereworth and then flows in a generally easterly direction to join the River Medway at Wateringbury. It is some four miles (6 km) long and powered a number of watermills.
 The Redmond Caves are a group of five lava tubes in Deschutes County Oregon United States. The caves are located in the city of Redmond and are jointly managed by the city and the Bureau of Land Management (BLM). They are part of the Redmond Caves Park and have been well known locally for many years. The caves are a part of the Horse Lava Tube System and the farthest northern extent of the system.
 Alvarado Park Lake is a reservoir in Johnson County Texas 2 miles (3.2 km) southwest of Alvarado Texas.The county-owned reservoir was built in 1966 by Jack P.
 The Gârla Mare is a tributary of the Beica River in Romania.
 Little Dry Creek is a short tributary of the South Platte River approximately 10 miles (16 km) long in Arapahoe County Colorado in the United States. The creek drains a suburban area south of Denver. It rises in Centennial west of I-25 and flows generally northwest into Englewood. It has historically been used for irrigation and feeds an aqueduct that runs parallel to it. The creek no longer reaches South Platte above ground.
 Several rivers bear the name King Salmon River in Alaska.The King Salmon River is a 60-mile (97 km) tributary of the Egegik River on the western slope of the Alaska Peninsula in southwest Alaska United States.
 The Sărișorul Mic River is a tributary of the Sărișorul Mare River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Pârâul Snopului and Țancuri River
 The Peña Montañesa (Aragonese: Penya Montanyesa) is an emblematic and very conspicuous rocky mountainous outcrop of the Pre-Pyrenees. It is located east of the valley of river Cinca in the Sobrarbe comarca Aragon Spain. The ridge's highest summit is 2295 m high. Laspuña village is located at the feet of this massive mountain.The summits of this long rocky mountain offer an excellent lookout point for a view of some of the main peaks of the Pyrenees from the south.
 Steinbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Mahoning River is a river located in eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania. It joins the Shenango River to form the Beaver River and is part of the Ohio River watershed.
 Lake Fundeni is a man-made lake on the Colentina River in Bucharest Sector 2. It has a surface of 350000 m² length of 2.1 km width of 200-800 m and a depth between 1-5 meters.
 The Wandlitzer See (colloquial also Wandlitzsee) is a lake in Wandlitz Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 48.6 m its surface area is 2.15 km².
 The Little Ossipee River is a 33.7-mile-long (54.2 km) tributary of the Saco River in southwestern Maine USA.It rises at the outlet of Balch Pond in the town of Newfield and flows east passing through Shapleigh Pond and flowing past the village of North Shapleigh. Forming the boundary between Newfield and the town of Shapleigh the river flows northeast then reenters Newfield passing the town center.
 The Kakita River (柿田川 Kakita-gawa) is a river flowing through the town of Shimizu in the Suntō District Shizuoka Prefecture Japan.The Kakita River is a tributary of the Kano River. At only 1.2 km (1 mi) it is the shortest Class 1 River in Japan.Most of the river's source water comes from springs created by rainfall and melting snow on Mount Fuji.
 The Răul River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Dinorwic is a Martian impact crater approximately 56 kilometers in diameter. It is located on the planet Mars at 30.4°S 101.6°W northeast of the crater Virrat and north of the crater Tugaske. To the northeast of Dinorwic is the crater Caxias and farther north is the crater Llanesco. It is named after the town in Ontario Canada. Its name was approved by the International Astronomical Union in 1991.
 The Cernola River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania
 Bleibeskopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany about 6 km northwest of Bad Homburg.In the late Bronze Age (about 800 BC) a pre-Celtic hillfort of the Urnfield culture was on the Bleibiskopf. The circular rampart which was once 3 to 3.5 metres thick about 1.8 metres tall and 490 metres long is still recognisable today. Numerous bronze objects have been found on the Bleibeskopf: a hatchet a decorated lance tip a knife a needle a razor and leg rings.
 Kall (Rur) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Cow Creek is a 112-mile-long (180 km) stream that flows through Rice and Reno Counties Kansas. Cow Creek is a tributary of the Arkansas River; its confluence with the Arkansas is about ten miles southeast of Hutchinson Kansas.From Lyons Kansas it is four miles west and one mile south. The Santa Fe Trail went over Cow Creek. Buffalo Bill Mathewson ran a trading post (known as Buffalo Bill's Well) here at this location during the 1850s.
 Mount Sembrano is a mountain located between Rizal and Laguna of the CALABARZON region in the Philippines. Mt. Sembrano is situated about 60 kilometres (37 mi) east by road from the capital city of Manila.
 Fjærlandsfjorden is a fjord in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is a fjord arm that branches off the main Sognefjorden to the north running through the municipalities of Balestrand Leikanger and Sogndal. The 25-kilometre (16 mi) long fjord begins at the village of Fjærland in Sogndal flowing to the south until it joins the Sognefjorden near the village of Balestrand. The Esefjorden and Vetlefjorden are two small fjord arms that branch off the Fjærdlandsfjorden.
 Mount Asahi (旭山 Asahi-yama) is a mountain in Asahikawa Hokkaidō Japan. It is part of the Ishikari Mountains.Mount Asahi hosts Mount Asahi Park and Asahiyama Zoo.
 Ayers Creek is a stream of Antigua and Barbuda. It is located on the island of Antigua.
 The Reelin River is a river which flows through Glenfinn in Co. Donegal Ireland. It is a tributary to the River Finn.
 Quixito River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Solimões near the village of Atalaia do Norte.
 Serebryanka River is a river in Moscow Oblast Russia a tributary of Ucha River. It flows through Pushkinsky District. The river starts in village Stepankovo and ends in Pushkino city where it confined by a levee near its mouth. There is a boat station on the river held rowing competitions.The total length of the river is 11 km.
 Otterbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Schwesnitz is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Catawba River (named after the Native American tribes that first settled on the banks) is a tributary of the Wateree River in the U.S. states of North Carolina and South Carolina. The river is approximately 220 miles (350 km) long. It rises in the Appalachian Mountains and drains into Piedmont and is impounded through a series of reservoirs for flood control and hydroelectricity. The river is named after the Catawba tribe of Native Americans.
 Hintere Breg is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Puigsacalm Xic is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1490 metres above sea level.
 The Vancea de Sus River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Songköl Too is a range in the Internal Tien-Shan that separates Songköl Valley with Song Kol Lake from Djumgal Valley and Telek Valley. The length of the range is 92 km and width up to 9 km. Maximum altitude is 3856 m. North slopes are steep and rugged and south ones are gentle. The range is composed by majorly limestone.
 The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 Mount Fazio (73°23′S 162°48′E) is an ice-free mountain 2670 metres (8760 ft) high marking the southwest end of Tobin Mesa in the Mesa Range of Victoria Land Antarctica. This topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1960–64 and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for William V. Fazio U.S. Navy a helicopter crewmember during U.S. Navy Operation Deep Freeze 1966 1967 and 1968.
 The Suusamyr River (Kyrgyz: Суусамыр) (along with the Karakol (west)) is one of rivers forming Kökömeren River in Jumgal District of Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan. It takes it rise at Ala-Bel Pass. The length of Suusamyr River is 90 km and watershed - 2410 m2.
 Moutohora Island or Whale Island (Moutohorā in Māori) is a small uninhabited island located off the Bay of Plenty coast of New Zealand's North Island about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) north of the town of Whakatane. The 1.43 km2 (0.55 sq mi) island is a remnant of a complex volcano which has eroded leaving two peaks. This is still an area of volcanic activity and there are hot springs on the island in Sulphur Valley McEwans Bay and Sulphur Bay.
 The Manso River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Aiguillon is a river in southern France a tributary of the Cèze. It is the departments of Gard in the Languedoc-Roussillon region. The source of the River Aiguillon is on Mont Bouquet west of Lussan. It flows through Lussan Les Concluses Goussargues where it joined by the Merderis and it flows into the Cèze upstream of La Roque-sur-Cèze.
 Friedrichsberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Mendel is the name of a crater in Terra Cimmeria Mars. It is located at -58.8°N 161.0°E and was named in honor of Gregor Mendel the father of genetics.
 Burnbank Fell is a small hill in the west of the English Lake District. It is the most westerly of the Loweswater Fells a group of low grassy hills lying just south of Loweswater. The hill is predominantly grassy with sprawling flanks and a broad ridge connecting it to Blake Fell. It can be climbed from Lamplugh in the west or from Waterend on the lakeshore.
 The Jugureanu River is a tributary of the Mitarca River in Romania.
 Llyn Fanod is an upland lake situated between Penuwch and Bontnewydd in Ceredigion Wales.It is a Site of Special Scientific Interest partly owned by the Wildlife Trust of South and West Wales. Public access is via a bridlepath from the road. It is a mesotrophic lake located in the headwaters of the River Aeron whose low nutrient waters are home to a number of locally rare water plants. Waterfowl and passing sea birds can be seen on the lake as can dragonflies in the summer.
 Lynch Creek is a 7.1-mile-long (11.4 km) stream in Sonoma County California United States which discharges into the Petaluma River.
 The Lespezi River is a tributary of the Cuca River in Romania.
 Yale Tarn (77°34′S 163°9′E) is a mountain laike (tarn located 0.8 miles (1.3 km) northeast of Mount Falconer in Tarn Valley Victoria Land. This feature is the most eastern of four tarns in the valley named after American universities by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition (VUWAE) 1965-66.
 Korolevu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Stega River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Itaguari River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Aralar Range (Basque pronunciation: [aˈɾalar]) is a mountain range in the Basque Mountains of Southern Basque Country. The part of the range lying in Gipuzkoa was established as a conservation area called Aralar Natural Park in 1994. In addition to its natural features scenic beauty recreational use and habitation the range is home to a rich corpus of Basque mythology milestones and legends.
 Excalibur is a formation on the north rim of the Grand Canyon in Coconino County Arizona. It was named by cartographer and geologist François Matthes in 1908 for Excalibur the legendary sword of King Arthur which was given to him by the Lady of the Lake. Other features in the area include the Holy Grail Guinevere Castle Elaine Castle and Galahad Point whose names refer to the Arthurian legend.
 The Bones is the eighth-highest mountain peak in Ireland at 956.5 metres (3138 ft) high (though some sources give the height as 959 m). It is the highest point on a rocky arête between Carrauntoohil (Ireland's highest peak) and Beenkeragh (Ireland's second-highest peak) in the MacGillycuddy's Reeks of County Kerry. Carrauntoohil is to the south and Beenkeragh to the north. To the west is Lough Eagher (a lake) and to the east is Lough Cummeenoughter a tiny lake that flows into Lough Gouragh.
 The Bregenzer Ache is the main river of the Bregenz Forest in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is a tributary to Lake Constance.
 The River Styx is a river in Georgia.
 The Traida River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Ulawun is a basaltic and andesitic stratovolcano situated on the island of New Britain Papua New Guinea about 130 km southwest of Rabaul. It is the highest mountain in the Bismarck Archipelago at 2334 metres (7657 ft) and one of the most active volcanoes in Papua New Guinea. The first recorded eruption of Ulawun was by William Dampier in 1700. Several thousand people live near the volcano; there have been 22 recorded eruptions since the 18th century.
 Armadillo Peak is a 7.5 million year old caldera located about 3 km north of Bourgeaux Creek and northeast of Raspberry Pass British Columbia Canada. It is south of Mount Edziza and is overlapped by the Ice Peak central volcano which was formed during the early Pleistocene. Its caldera is largely destroyed by glaciers. It is part of the Mount Edziza volcanic complex which is made of basaltic lava flows.
 Ben Cleuch is a hill in Scotland.It is the highest point in the Ochil Hills and the highest point in Clackmannanshire. It is 721 metres (2365 ft) high. As the highest point in the Ochils it's marked by a trig point within a stone windshelter. On a clear day the views are excellent particularly those to the North looking towards the Southern Highlands. Ben Lomond Ben Ledi Stuc a'Chroin and Ben Vorlich are especially prominent.
 Disappointment Peak (11618 feet (3541 m)) is in the Teton Range of Wyoming in Grand Teton National Park and immediately southeast of Grand Teton. The peak is part of the Cathedral Group a region of the Tetons noted for particularly rugged mountains. Disappointment Peak rises to the north of Garnet Canyon and to the west of Amphitheater and Surprise lakes.
 The Sasul River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania. Is starts at the junction of headwaters Comărnicelul and Titianul
 The Șomuzul Mare River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania. The Şomuz and Pocoleni dams are built on this river.
 Bolyai is an old lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. To the southeast of Bolyai is the crater Eötvös and to the north is Neujmin.This crater has been heavily eroded and worn by subsequent impacts leaving only a deformed remnant of the original rim that is overlaid by a multitude of lesser craters. The most notable of these is Bolyai D along the northeast rim and Bolyai W to the northwest.
 The Big River New Zealand is a river in the Tasman District of the South Island of New Zealand. It rises on the slopes of Mount White (1070 m) in the Wakamarama Range. It flows Northwest then north to the Tasman Sea
 The Misquah Hills High Point or Point 2260 is the unnamed high point of the Misquah Hills and the third highest point in the state of Minnesota. It has 420 feet of clean prominence from its parent Eagle Mountain from which it is 5.68 miles isolated.Point 2230 (at 2230 feet) was considered to be the highest point in the Misquah Hills and indeed in the state of Minnesota until the region was resurveyed in 1961.
 Monte San Salvatore is a mountain in Campania Italy.
 The Seyhan River (formerly written Seihan Sihun; ancient name: Σάρος Sarus) is the longest river in Turkey that flows into the Mediterranean Sea. The river is 560 km and flows southwest from its headwaters in the Tahtalı-Mountains (in Sivas and Kayseri provinces) in the Anti-Taurus Mountains to the Mediterranean Sea via a broad delta. Its main tributaries are Zamantı and Göksu which unite in Aladağ Adana to form the Seyhan River.
 Dood Tsagaan Lake (Mongolian: Доод Цагаан нуур: lit. lower white lake) is a lake in northwestern Khövsgöl aimag Mongolia between the Tsagaannuur and Renchinlkhümbe sums. It's sometimes divided into the Targan Dund and Kharmai lakes. Targan lake is 35 meters deep Dund nuur 5 meters and Kharmai nuur 15 meters.Tsagaannuur's sum center is located on the western shore of the lake.
 The Keowee River is created by the confluence of the Toxaway River and the Whitewater River in northern Oconee County South Carolina. The confluence is today submerged beneath the waters of Lake Jocassee a reservoir created by Lake Jocassee Dam.The Keowee River flows out of Lake Jocassee Dam and into Lake Keowee a reservoir created by Keowee Dam and Little River Dam.
 The River Conder is a river in the English county of Lancashire.The source of the River Conder is a spring at Conder Head on Black Fell near Littledale from where the stream briefly runs north then west through Cragg Wood.
 Verona Rupes is a cliff on Miranda a moon of Uranus. The cliff face has been estimated to be from 5 kilometers (3 mi) to 10 kilometers (6.2 mi) high which makes it the tallest known cliff in the solar system.It may have been created by a major impact which caused the moon to disrupt and reassemble or by the crust rifting.
 The Râul Printre Stânci is a tributary of the Țibău River in Romania.
 Lake Alta is a glacial lake in The Remarkables near Queenstown in the South Island of New Zealand. It is approximately 500 metres by 250 metres in size and freezes over in the winter months. At this time it is used by skiers and snowboarders. It is used by divers who hold an annual ice dive there as well as Antarctica New Zealand diver pre deployment training.
 Stamåhjulet is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Bull Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada. It is about 500 metres (1640 ft) long and 200 metres (656 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 358 metres (1175 ft) about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) southeast of the community of Ignace. The primary outflow is Fox Creek to Cow Lake and further through Fox Lake to Agimak Lake on the Agimak River.
 The Catskill Escarpment often referred to locally as just the Escarpment or the Great Wall of Manitou and known as the Catskill Front to geologists is the range forming the northeastern corner of the Catskill Mountains in Greene and Ulster counties in the U.S. state of New York. It rises very abruptly from the Hudson Valley to summits above 3000 feet (910 m) in elevation including three of the Catskill High Peaks with almost no foothills.
 The Alpsee is a lake in the Ostallgäu district of Bavaria Germany located about 4 kilometres southeast of Füssen. It is close to the Neuschwanstein and Hohenschwangau castles.The lake has just under five kilometres of shoreline and a depth of up to 62 metres. It is a popular tourist attraction given its proximity to the castles and the wild swans that inhabit the lake. Boats are available for rent and there is a wide variety of hiking trails in the vicinity.
 The Green Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S. state of Vermont. The range runs primarily south to north and extends approximately 250 miles (400 km) from the border with Massachusetts to that with Quebec Canada. In Massachusetts the Green Mountains are known as The Berkshires while in Quebec they are called the Sutton Mountains or Monts Sutton.All mountains in Vermont are often referred to as the Green Mountains.
 Mount Popa (Burmese: ပုပ္ပားတောင်; MLCTS: puppa: taung IPA: [pòpá tàʊɴ]) is a volcano 1518 metres (4981 feet) above sea level and located in central Burma (Myanmar) about 50 km (31 mi) southeast of Bagan (Pagan) in the Pegu Range. It can be seen from the Ayeyarwady (Irrawaddy) River as far away as 60 km (37 mi) in clear weather. Mount Popa is perhaps best known as a pilgrimage site with numerous Nat temples and relic sites atop the mountain.
 The Nijești River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania.
 The Schadenbeeksköpfe are two summits on a southeastern outlier of the Aschentalshalbe in the Harz Mountains of Germany about 3.6 kilometres southeast of Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony. Their highest peak is 605 metres above sea level. In addition they separate the Schadenbeek stream after which they were named from the upper Krumme Lutter.
 Geisspfadsee is a lake in Valais Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.18 km². The lake is located in the municipality of Binn at an elevation of 2439 m. It drains into Züesee (2420 m). The nearby border to Italy can be crossed at two mountain passes: Geisspfadpass (Passo della Rossa) and Grampielpass (Passo di Crampiolo).Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Maldon Marine Lake is a lake in Maldon a small historic town on the estuary of the River Blackwater in Essex England has been renowned for its promenade park with its salt water lake. The lake was created in 1905 and greatly added to the attraction of the area making it a popular tourist venue.
 Enäjärvi is a lake in Finland. It is located in the municipality of Vihti in Uusimaa region. The lake is part of Sjundeå å (Finnish: Siuntionjoki) basin that drains into the Gulf of Finland.In Finland there are also four other lakes with the name Enäjärvi.
 Lake Entiat (also known as Rocky Reach Reservoir) is a reservoir between Chelan County and Douglas County in North Central Washington that is formed above Rocky Reach Dam (est. 1962) a hydroelectric dam on the Columbia River. The reservoir is 17 mi (27 km) north of Wenatchee and stretches upstream to the Wells Dam. Lincoln Rock State Park is on its east shore.
 The Bahna River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Nushagak Bay is a large estuary covering over 100 km2 in southwest part of the U.S. state of Alaska. It opens to Bristol Bay a large body of water in the eastern Bering Sea north of the Alaska Peninsula.It is home to the area's largest city Dillingham and the bay hosts one of the world's last great sustainable sockeye salmon fisheries. Bristol Bay residents have historically valued the estuary resources for both subsistence gains and commercial profits.
 The Valea Babei River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Ingá River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 Walter Wirth Lake (aka Lake Wirth) is a lake in Salem Oregon United States. Walter Wirth Lake is wholly contained within Cascades Gateway Park. The park and lake began development in 1957 with the Salem Area Chamber of Commerce working with the State Highway Department to convert a gravel burrow pit into a park. Original development of the park included a swimming area paddle boats a children's zoo and concession stands.
 Amba Aradam is a mountain in northern Ethiopia. Located in the Debub Misraqawi (Southeastern) Zone of the Tigray Region between Mek'ele and Addis Abeba it has a latitude and longitude of 13°20′N 39°31′E and an elevation of 2756 metres (9042 ft). The mount is famous for the Battle of Enderta that the Italians fought in order to capture Amba Aradam on 15 February 1936 and for the massacre three years later as an action against the Arbegnoch or Ethiopian partisans.
 Ischia (Italian pronunciation: [ˈiskja]) is a volcanic island in the Tyrrhenian Sea. It lies at the northern end of the Gulf of Naples about 30 kilometres (19 miles) from the city of Naples. It is the largest of the Phlegrean Islands. Roughly trapezoidal it measures approximately 10 km (6 miles) east to west and 7 km (4 miles) north to south and has about 34 km (21 miles) of coastline and a surface area of 46.3 square kilometres (17.9 sq mi).
 East Flattop Mountain (8356 feet (2547 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. East Flattop Mountain rises to the north above Saint Mary Lake and is easily seen from the eastern entrance to the Going-to-the-Sun Road and the village of St. Mary Montana.
 Cooks Pond is a 23-acre (93000 m2) reservoir in Plymouth Massachusetts. The pond is within the Eel River watershed located north of South Pond village near The Shops at 5 and the main Post Office and southeast of Lout Pond. The pond suffers from trash along the northern shore as well as erosion at the access point on the north side of the pond each of which was noted in a 2002 field inspection.
 Wildbach (Main) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It has a 10.2 km length and is located in the south - west part of Germany.
 Monturull is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2761 metres above sea level.
 The Șipoaia River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Jackson River is a river of the southwestern South Island of New Zealand. It flows predominantly northeast flowing into the Arawhata River close to the latter's outflow into Jackson Bay.
 Mięguszowiecki Szczyt Wielki or the Mięguszowiecki Grand Peak (Slovak: Veľký Mengusovský štít) is a mountain in the Tatra Mountains Poland located on the Slovak-Polish border.It is the highest of the three Mięguszowiecki Summits and the second-highest mountain in Poland after Rysy (2499 meters the highest peak in the Polish Tatras).
 The Lost River (Nett Lake) is a river of Minnesota.
 Klupper is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The East Desert Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada.
 The Sundance Range is a mountain range in the Canadian Rockies south of the town of Banff. It is located on the Continental Divide which forms the boundary between British Columbia and Alberta in this region.
 Wilson is a lunar crater that lies in the southern part of the Moon's near side to the southwest of the large walled plain Clavius. It is nearly attached to the southeastern rim of the slightly larger crater Kircher. Almost due east lies Klaproth another walled plain.This crater has a heavily eroded outer rim that now forms an irregular rise about the relatively level interior floor.
 The Topony River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Vacha (Bulgarian: Въча Bulgarian pronunciation: [ˈvətʃa]) is a river in south Bulgaria one of the main right tributaries of the Maritsa. It is 105 km long and is formed by the confluence of the Shirokolashka reka and the Byunovska reka.
 The section of the Great Dividing Range between the Ramshead Range and Dicky Cooper Bogong in the Snowy Mountains is known as the Main Range. It can also be used more generally for the peaks (not necessarily on the Great Dividing Range) on or on short spurs off the range. It contains many of the highest peaks in mainland Australia.
 Utavali River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Kaniad hills. Its basin has a maximum length of 125 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 388 km2.
 Jal Mahal (meaning Water Palace) is a palace located in the middle of the Man Sagar Lake in Jaipur city the capital of the state of Rajasthan India. The palace and the lake around it were renovated and enlarged in the 18th century by Maharaja Jai Singh II of Amber.The Jal Mahal palace has got an eye-popping makeover. Traditional boat-makers from Vrindavan have crafted the Rajput style wooden boats. A gentle splashing of oars on the clear lake waters takes you to Jal Mahal.
 Taehwasan is a South Korean mountain that sits between the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do and Danyang County Chungcheongbuk-do. Its summit has an elevation of 1027.4 m (3371 ft).
 Beilbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Groß Glienicker See is a lake in the states of Brandenburg and Berlin Germany. At an elevation of 31.6 m its surface area is 0.66 km². The border between the city of Potsdam and the city of Berlin runs in a north-south direction through the center of the lake with the Potsdam locality of Groß Glienicke on the left shore and the Berlin locality of Kladow on the right shore.
 The Muqui do Sul River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Chiricanu River or Chipicanu River is a tributary of the Neajlov River in Romania.
 Mount Alston is a long mountain ridge on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 30 km (19 mi) southeast of Woss and 8 km (5 mi) east of Maquilla Peak.The first ascent at Mount Alston was in 1975 by J. Gibson Syd Watts.
 Lyracappul (Irish: Ladhar an Chapaill meaning fork/confluence of the horse) is a mountain in Limerick in The Republic of Ireland. With a height of 825 metres (2707 ft) it is the second highest of the Galtee Mountains and the 29th highest peak in Ireland. Lyracappul is also the second highest point in County Limerick. The mountain has a steep southern slope.
 The Plaine Morte is a glacier located at an elevation of 2750 m (9020 ft) in the canton of Bern in Switzerland. The ice field which covers 10 square kilometres (3.9 sq mi) is located below the mountain of Wildstrubel in the Bernese Alps. The area of Plaine Morte is easily accessible from Crans-Montana by cable car and the practice of cross-country skiing is possible throughout the year.
 The Kalamazoo River is a river in the U.S. state of Michigan. The river is 130 miles (210 km) long from the junction of its North and South branches to its mouth at Lake Michigan with a total length extending to 178 miles (286 km) when one includes the South Branch.
 The Chențu River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 The Reyssouze is a river in the Ain department in eastern France. It is a left tributary of the Saône which it joins near Pont-de-Vaux. Its source is in Journans in the Bresse region. The Reyssouze flows generally northwest through the following communes: Montagnat Bourg-en-Bresse Attignat Montrevel-en-Bresse and Pont-de-Vaux.
 The Rheinwaldhorn (Italian: Adula) is the highest point in the Swiss canton of Ticino at 3402 metres above sea level. It lies on the border between the cantons of Graubünden and Ticino in the Adula massif part of the St. Gotthard massif of the Lepontine Alps in southern Switzerland.The mountain is known under different names Rheinwaldhorn Adula or Piz Valrhein.
 Mount Tennent (Aboriginal: Tharwa) is a mountain with an elevation of 1375 metres (4511 ft) AHD  in the southern part of the Australian Capital Territory in Australia. At the base of the mountain flows the Gudgenby River.
 Lookout Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Tanjō Mountains (丹生山系) or Tanjō-Taishaku Mountains are in Kita-ku Kobe Hyōgo Japan. The length of the mountain range is about 17 km. Tanjō and Taishaku are two major mountains in this mountain range.
 Ulu Titi Basah (Thai: เขาหลวง; Malay: Gunung Ulu Titi Basah) is the southernmost high peak of Thailand. This 1533 m high peak rises at the Thai/Malaysian border between Betong District of Yala Province and Hulu Perak in Perak State.
 Palata (Belarusian: Палата́) or Polota (Russian: Полота́) is a river in Belarus and Russia a tributary of the Western Dvina river. Rising in Pskov Oblast of Russia and flowing through northern Belarus it joins the Western Dvina at Polatsk.
 The Hughes River is a tributary of the Little Kanawha River in western West Virginia in the United States. Via the Little Kanawha and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 The Ripon Canal is located in North Yorkshire England. It was built by the canal engineer William Jessop to link the city of Ripon with the navigable section of the River Ure at Oxclose lock from where boats could reach York and Hull. It opened in 1773 and was a moderate success. It was sold to the Leeds and Thirsk Railway in 1847 and was effectively closed by 1906 due to neglect. It was not nationalised with most canals and railways in 1948 and was abandoned in 1956.
 The Deița River is a tributary of the Deia River in Romania.
 The Râul Grecilor is a tributary of the Cârcinov River in Romania.
 El Jorullo is a cinder cone volcano in Michoacán central Mexico on the southwest slope of the central plateau 33 miles (53 kilometers) southeast of Uruapan in an area known as the Michoacán-Guanajuato volcanic field. Coordinates are 18°58′26.43″N 101°43′2.97″W (18.974008 −101.717492) about 6 miles (10 kilometers) east-northeast of La Huacana. Its current elevation is 1320 metres (4331 ft). El Jorullo has four smaller cinder cones which have grown from its flanks.
 Deep Notch sometimes West Kill Notch or Echo Notch is a mountain pass in Lexington New York United States. It divides two Catskill peaks both subpeaks of high peaks of the range. The narrow groove between the steep high slopes on either side is traversed by state highway NY 42 and the Shandaken Tunnel part of the New York City water supply system.
 The Rutland River is a river of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 Taboche (also known as Tawoche Tobuche Tāuje Taweche Tawache or Tawetse) is a mountain in the Khumbu region of the Nepalese Himalaya. Taboche is connected to Cholatse by a long ridge. Taboche lies directly across the Imja River from Ama Dablam and above the villages of Pheriche and Dingboche.The first ascent was made in 1974 by a French expedition led by Yannick Seigneur and the clarinettist and composer Jean-Christian Michel.
 The Râul Alb or Pârâul Alb is a tributary of the Râul Lung in Romania
 Vista Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1917 the name refers to the view from the peak of the mountain.
 The Veljul Pustei River is a tributary of the Veljul Negreștilor River in Romania.
 Black River is a 29.8-mile-long (48.0 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.
 The Santa Rosa Hills are a low mountain range in the northern Peninsular Ranges System in Riverside County California.They are located southeast of Hemet.
 The Alamosa River is a river in the southern part of the U.S. state of Colorado. It is about 64 miles (103 km) long flowing roughly east through the San Luis Valley. Its watershed comprises about 148 square miles (380 km2).The river's name means shaded with cottonwoods in Spanish.The river was affected by the Summitville mine disaster the worst cyanide spill in United States history.
 Grassholme Reservoir is a large reservoir in County Durham England. It is situated in the Lune Valley which is a side valley of the River Tees about 2 miles (3.2 km) south of Middleton-in-Teesdale. It supplies water for Teesdale and Teesside and is owned by Northumbrian Water. Its main recreational use is as an angling centre.
 Lac de Fully (or Lac supérieur de Fully) is a reservoir in the canton of Valais Switzerland. The lake's surface area is 0.21 km².
 Lalla Khedidja or Lalla-Khadîdja (Arabic: لالة خديجة‎ Kabylian: Tamgut Aâlayen or Azeru amghur) is a mountain in Algeria. At 2308 metres (7572 ft) it is the highest summit of the Djurdjura Range a subrange of the Tell Atlas. This peak is located in the eastern part of the range and is also the highest point of the Tell Atlas itself which is in turn part of the wider Atlas Mountain System. It is usually covered in snow in the winter.
 Kugrua Bay is a large bay located southwest of Peard Bay by the Chukchi Sea in Alaska's North Slope United States. This area is mostly intact tundra and is part of the polar desert.
 Smogornia (Czech Stříbrný hřbet German Mittagsberg 1469 m a.s.l.) - peak in the Karkonosze Mountains on Polish and Czech border. It is situated in the eastern part of the main range. The peak is not accessible; the main Sudetes trail and Polish - Czech Friendship Trail traverses the mountain ca 300 m north from the peak. On the northern slope of the mountain there is a glacial cirque. The mountain has mild slopes mostly deforested covered in mountain pine.
 Black River (Spanish: Río Negro Spanish pronunciation: [ˈri.o ˈneɣɾo];) is the most important river of the Argentine province of Río Negro.It originates from the junction of the Limay River and Neuquén River at the border with the Neuquén Province and flows southeast to the Atlantic Ocean at 41.0223°S 62.7903°W﻿ / -41.0223; -62.7903 near El Cóndor beach resort some 30 kilometres (19 mi) downstream from Viedma Río Negro province's capital.The river allows the Río Negro province to produce 65% of the pears and apples of Argentina. 
 The Hot Creek Range is a volcanic mountain range in Nye County in central Nevada in the western United States. From the historic community of Warm Springs the range runs north-northeast for approximately 43 miles (69 km).To the west are Stone Cabin Valley Little Fish Lake Valley and the large Monitor Range. To the east are Hot Creek Valley Big Sand Springs Valley and the Lunar Craters Volcanic Field. Further east lies the large Railroad Valley and the Grant and Quinn Canyon Ranges.
 Castle Peak is a mountain in California's Sierra Nevada near I-80 Donner Pass and the Nevada border. It is in the Tahoe National Forest not far off the Pacific Crest Trail and adjacent to Castle Pass. It was originally named Mount Stanford by the Whitney Survey of 1860-74.Castle Peak takes it name from its conical shape.
 The Matro (2171 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Giornico in the canton of Ticino. It lies at the southern end of the chain separating the main Leventina valley from the Blenio valley. An antenna is located on the summit.
 Birkhoff is a giant lunar walled plain that is located on the far side of the Moon in the northern hemisphere. This formation is an ancient impact site that has been heavily eroded and the surface reshaped by multiple craters in the interior and along the rim. The outer wall is bordered by the craters Carnot to the south Rowland along the west rim and Stebbins to the north.
 Red Hill Pass (el. 10051 ft. ) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States.The pass is located in the foothills of the Mosquito Range at the northern end of South Park in Park County. Though unlabeled at the summit it is identified by signs from both directions at the bottom. True to its name red hills flank both sides of the summit and the inclines especially on the south side. It is traversed by U.S.
 Taveuni is elongated shield volcano on Taveuni Island Fiji and its peak (Mount Uluigalau) reaches 1241 meters above sea level.
 Medveditsa (Russian: Медведица) is a river in Volgograd and Saratov Oblasts in Russia a left tributary of the Don River. The name means she-bear and according to legend alludes to the large population of bears in the area in earlier times. It is 745 km in length with a drainage basin of 34700 km².The river has its sources on the Volga Uplands in the northeastern parts of Saratov Oblast and flows mainly in a southwestern direction. It joins the river Don in Volgograd Oblast.
 The Little River is a 105-mile-long (169 km) tributary of the Withlacoochee River in the U.S. state of Georgia. Via the Withlacoochee and the Suwannee River its waters flow to the Gulf of Mexico.The Little River rises in northwestern Turner County Georgia 7 miles (11 km) northwest of Ashburn. The river flows southeast into Tift County passing west of Tifton then turns more southerly as it becomes the boundary between Colquitt and Cook counties.
 Holmträsket is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Lysá hora (Czech pronunciation: [ˈlɪsaː ˈɦora]; Polish: Łysa Góra; German: Lysa-berg Kahlberg local Silesian: Gigula) is the highest mountain of the Moravian-Silesian Beskids range in the Czech Republic and also of Cieszyn Silesia. It is considered the rainiest place of the country with an annual precipitation over 1500 mm (60 in).
 Kebler Pass (el. 10007 ft.) is a high mountain pass in Colorado.The Colorado Department of Transportation refers to the traversing road as Gunnison County Road (GCR) 12. The eastern terminus of GCR 12 is Crested Butte. At its western terminus GCR 12 intersects State Highway 133 near the southern end of Paonia State Park. It is a mostly gravel road and is closed during the winter months. A few portions of the road near the top of the pass have been paved.
 Mont Gond is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Derborence in Valais. It is located between the Diablerets and the Rhone valley.
 Nichollet is a small isolated lunar impact crater on the Mare Nubium a lunar mare in the southwest quadrant of the Moon. This crater is located to the north of the crater Pitatus about mid-way between Wolf to the west and Birt to the east.This is a circular bowl-shaped crater with a rim raised above the surface of the surrounding lava plain. The inner walls slope down to the interior floor with the bottom having a diameter about half that of the crater.
 Tempziner See is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 17.6 m its surface area is 1.6 km².
 Pochuck Mountain is a ridge in the New York-New Jersey Highlands region of the Appalachian Mountains. Pochuck Mountain's summit and most of its peaks lie within Vernon Township Sussex County New Jersey although the south-western portion of the ridge lies within Hardyston Township and the north-eastern tip of the ridge extends over the New York state line into Orange County.
 Hörnån is a river in Sweden.
 Tavelån is a river in southern Västerbotten Sweden. It is about 50 kilometers long and has a drainage area of 409.9 km². The river rises in Tavelsjön and flows into Tavelfjärden in the Gulf of Bothnia. It passes through the villages of Kvarnfors Hissjö Håkmark Ersmark Anumark and Innertavle. Tavelån are sometimes incorrectly called Tavleån.
 Seondalsan is a South Korean mountain that sits between the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do and Bonghwa Gyeongsangbuk-do. It has an elevation of 1236 m (4055 ft).
 The Mattstock (also known as Mattstogg) (1936 m) is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps overlooking the Walensee in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies south of the Speer on the range between the Toggenburg and the Linth valley.
 The Kasari is a river in western Estonia that drains into the Matsalu Bay which is part of Väinameri. There is a 308-metre long pedestrian bridge over it which was built in 1904 and was the longest concrete bridge in Europe at the time. The river itself is 112 km long and is the fourth longest river in Estonia. The river is a home to a variety of fish including pike and roach.
 Marton Mere is a mere (lake) and Local Nature Reserve in Blackpool Lancashire England. It is located near to the Blackpool districts of Marton and Mereside and the village of Staining. It is recognised as a Site of Special Scientific Interest. It supports various habitats such as open water reed beds grassland as well as pockets of woodland and scrub.The mere is a glacial freshwater lake.
 The Arenales River (Spanish Río Arenales) is a river of Argentina. A tributary of the Salado River the Arenales flows through the city of Salta.
 The Avenbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Rajsamand Lake (also known as Rajsamudra Lake) is a lake situated near the town of Rajsamand in the Indian state of Rajasthan. Built in the 17th century it is approximately 1.75 miles (2.82 km) wide 4 miles (6.4 km) long and 60 feet (18 m) deep. The lake was built across the Gomati Kelwa and Tali Rivers with a catchment area of approximately 196 sq mi (510 km2).Rajsamand Lake in Rajsamand District of Udaipur region of Rajasthan. Rajsamand Lake is one of the five popular lakes of Mewar.
 Timber Lake is a lake located in Lake County California. It lies at an elevation of 4872 feet.
 The Ramberg also called the Ramberg Massif is a granite massif about 30 square kilometres in area in the eastern part of the Harz Mountains of central Germany. It is located in the federal state of Saxony-Anhalt and lies southwest of Quedlinburg between Friedrichsbrunn Gernrode Harzgerode and Thale. The Ramberg massif has a number of summits the highest of which is the Viktorshöhe at 582 m above sea level.
 The Valea Boului River is a tributary of the Novăţ River in Romania.
 The Caiapó River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Lake Francis is a reservoir on the Connecticut River in northern New Hampshire. The lake is located in Coos County east of the village of Pittsburg and along the boundary between the towns of Pittsburg and Clarksville. The lake impounded by Murphy Dam covers nearly 2000 acres (8 km2) and was built in 1940 as a flood control project. The 117-foot earthen dam is owned by the state of New Hampshire DES Water Division and operated by the power company TransCanada.
 The Turvo River (Itapetininga River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Valea Largă River is a tributary of the Pecineaga River in Romania.
 The Vătălețu River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania
 Whatcom Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington in a cirque to the northeast of Whatcom Peak. Whatcom Glacier is approximately .50 mi (0.80 km) north of Challenger Glacier.
 Coralville Lake is a reservoir formed by Coralville Dam a dam on the Iowa River just upstream from the city of Coralville Iowa. Construction started in 1949 was delayed by the Korean War and finally finished in 1958. The 100-foot-high earthen dam was built as a flood control project by the United States Army Corps of Engineers and the lake has a capacity of 461200 acre·ft (568900000 m3).The lake and surrounding lakeshore have been extensively developed for recreational use.
 The Amelungsburg is a 292-metre (958 ft) high hill in the Lippe Uplands in central Germany in the municipality of Dörentrup in the district of Lippe.The Amelungsburg is believed to be the observation hill (Warthberg) belonging to the Piepenkopf rampart system located on its south-southwestern spur. Investigations into the charred remains (Brandfunde) at the site of the settlement with its double-embankment have been dated to 250 B.C.
 The Adlerhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located east of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies west of the Strahlhorn.
 Mount Shunbetsu (春別岳 Shunbetsu-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Buriganga River (Bengali: বুড়িগঙ্গা Buŗigônga Old Ganges) flows past the southwest outskirts of Dhaka city the capital of Bangladesh. Its average depth is 25 feet (7.6 m) and maximum depth is 58 feet (18 m).
 The Kaka River is a river of Bolivia.
 Windmaker Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Swiftcurrent Mountain is west and Mount Wilbur is north of the lake. Unnamed creeks and the melt from the North Swiftcurrent Glacier feed the lake. Windmaker Lake can be reached by way of the Swiftcurrent Pass Trail.
 Almanon named after Abbasid Caliph Al Ma'mun is a lunar impact crater that lies in the rugged highlands in the south-central region of the Moon. It is located to the south-southeast of Abulfeda and to the north-northeast of the smaller crater Geber.
 La Laguna Lake is a lake in the Chuquisaca Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 2926 m its surface area is 7.8 km².
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania.
 Five Creek is a westward flowing stream that rises in the city of Rohnert Park California United States and discharges to the Laguna de Santa Rosa. The creek is channelized as it flows through the city and runs in an artificially rectilinear fashion.
 The Tualatin River is a tributary of the Willamette River located in Oregon in the United States. The river is approximately 83 miles (134 km) long and it drains a fertile farming region called the Tualatin Valley southwest and west of Portland at the northwest corner of the Willamette Valley. There are approximately 500000 people residing on 15 percent of the land in the river's watershed.
 Mount Gusuku (城山 Gusuku-yama) is a mountain located on the Ie Island (Iejima) in the village of Ie Okinawa Prefecture Japan. The mountain rises 172.2 m (565.0 ft) on Iejima to the northwest of Okinawa Island and is the highest point on the island. Mount Gusuku is considered a symbol of Iejima.Mount Gusuku is considered a symbol of the Ie Island due to its distinctive conical shape.
 Lake Lawtonka is a lake in Comanche County in the state of Oklahoma in the United States.The lake is 2 square miles (5 square kilometers) in area. It is formed by a dam 60 feet (18 meters) high and 375 feet (114 meters) long across Medicine Bluff Creek. The lake provides the water supply for Fort Sill and Lawton to the south.
 Visherka River (Russian: Вишерка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia right tributary of Kolva River. It is 75 km in length. Area of drainage basin is 3230 km². Flows out of lake Chusovskoe in the north of Cherdynsky District near border with Komi Republic. Its mouth located upstream of uninhabited village Bogatyryovo in 124 km from mouth of Kolva River. Most significant tributaries are: Left: Larevka Volim; Right: Shchugor
 Kunturiri (Aymara kunturi condor -ri nominal suffix hispanicized spelling Condoriri) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia about 4512 metres (14803 ft) high. It is situated in the Oruro Department Sajama Province Turku Municipality Turku Canton north east of Turku (Turco). The rivers Kunturiri and Phurqi Q'awa (Porkhekhaua) originate near the mountain. They flow down to Turku River a left tributary of Lauca River.
 Two Butte Creek is a 152-mile-long (245 km) tributary of the Arkansas River that flows from a source near Kim Colorado. It joins the Arkansas just south of the town of Holly.
 Le Monnier is the remnant of a lunar crater that has been partly inundated by lava flows. It is located on the eastern edge of Mare Serenitatis and the western part of the rim is missing so that it now forms a large bay. To the north is the crater Chacornac.The interior of this formation is relatively flat and smooth with no significant craterlets to mark the surface. The outer rim is battered worn and notched with past impacts.
 Mezentsev is a lunar crater that is located in the high northern latitudes on the Moon's far side. It lies just to the west of the smaller Niepce. To the southwest is the larger Stebbins to the west-southwest is Hippocrates and to the northwest is Heymans.This is a worn and eroded crater with a low outer rim and a relatively level interior. The circular nature of the rim can still be seen but a number of impacts lie across the rim and the edge is generally softened and rounded.
 The Élorn (in Breton - Elorn without the accent) is a 56 km long river in Brittany France. Its source is in the monts d'Arrée 1.5km NNE of Le Tuchenn Kador and it then runs through several small towns such as Sizun and Landivisiau before flowing out into the roadstead of Brest. This river is the birthplace of the legendary Dragon of the Élorn. The maritime part of the river stops at Landerneau where the pont de Rohan blocks seaborne ships from sailing any further upstream.
 The Luncuța River is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
 The Burgfeldstand (elevation 2063 metres) is a mountain of the Emmental Alps located in the Bernese Oberland near Beatenberg. It is the highest summit of the Güggisgrat. Several trails lead to the top.
 The Ciulnița River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Manitook Mountain also called Manituck Mountain 638 feet (194 m) is a 1.6-mile (2.6 km) long traprock mountain ridge located between the Berkshires and the Connecticut River Valley in north-central Connecticut. It is an outlying ridge belonging to the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border.
 Lovelace is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just behind the northern limb. It lies to the south-southwest of the crater Hermite and just to the north of the slightly smaller Froelich. To the east is Sylvester.The outer wall of this crater is nearly circular with a well-delineated rim that is not significantly worn. The inner wall is somewhat worn and the features softened and rounded but is not marked by any small craters of significance.
 The Panmah Muztagh is a subrange of the Karakoram range in Baltistan a district of the Northern Areas of Pakistan. Its highest peaks are not particularly high by Karakoram standards but they are exceedingly steep rock spires unlike many of the peaks in the surrounding subranges. In particular the highest of the Panmah peaks Baintha Brakk (The Ogre) (7285 m/23901 feet) is a very difficult climb; it has seen only two ascents. The nearby Latok group is of similar difficulty.
 The Grid River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
 Gluck is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 105 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Gluck is named for the Austrian composer Christoph Willibald Gluck who lived from 1714 to 1787.
 Beacon Reservoir supplies water to the city of the same name in Dutchess County New York USA. It is located at 1285 feet (392 m) above sea level in a hollow between Beacon Mountain and Scofield Ridge in the neighboring Town of Fishkill very close to the Putnam County line. It was created in 1922 by damming Dry Brook a tributary of Fishkill Creek.It holds 125 million US gallons (470000 m3).
 Mount Wilbur is a high peak of the Fairweather Range the southernmost part of the Saint Elias Mountains. It lies approximately 14 miles (22 km) southeast of Mount Fairweather and 8 miles (13 km) northwest of Mount Crillon. It is included in Glacier Bay National Park. The peak is the higher of a pair of peaks Mounts Wilbur and Orville named after the Wright Brothers.
 The Blue John Cavern is one of the four show caves in Castleton Derbyshire England. The cavern takes its name from the semi-precious mineral Blue John which is still mined in small amounts outside the tourist season and made locally into jewellery. The deposit itself is about 250 million years old. The miners who work the remaining seams are also the guides for underground public tours.
 Hestbrepiggene or Hestbreapiggan is a mountain ridge consisting of about 7 peaks in Breheimen National Park in Oppland Norway. The highest peak Nørdre Hestbreapiggen reaches 2172 m (7126 ft) above sea level.
 Payette Peak at 10221 feet (3115 m) above sea level is a peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area on the border of Boise and Custer counties. The peak is located 1.33 mi (2.14 km) south of Mount Cramer its line parent. Payette Peak rises above the southwest end of Hidden Lake.
 Loch Loyal is a freshwater Scottish loch located near Lairg in Sutherland in the northern Highlands.Loch loyal ranges about four miles (6.4km) long by about one half (0.08km) wide and drops to a depth of two hundred feet (61m). The Loch flows north through Loch Craggie and Loch Slaim into the River Borgie. Loch Loyal is surrounded by mountain ranges that include Beinn Stumanadh Ben Hiel and Cnoc nan Cuilean. Brora and Golspie are two towns that are close to Loch Loyal.
 The Kereu River is a river of New Zealand's northeastern North Island. It flows northwest from its headwaters the largest of which ios the Hauhauponamu Stream reaching the sea in the extreme east of the Bay of Plenty close to the township of Te Kaha.
 Ytre Øydnavatnet is a lake in the municipality of Audnedal in Vest-Agder county Norway.
 Lanín is an ice-clad cone-shaped stratovolcano on the border of Argentina and Chile. It forms part of two national parks: Lanín in Argentina and Villarrica in Chile. It is a symbol of the Argentine province of Neuquén being part of its flag and its anthem. Although the date of its last eruption is not known it is estimated to have occurred within the last 10000 years.
 Cottonwood Peak is a mountain in northwestern British Columbia Canada located in the Iverson Creek area. It is a volcanic feature of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province that formed in the past 1.6 million years during the Pleistocene Epoch.
 Wreck Pond is a tidal pond located on the coast of the Atlantic Ocean in Monmouth County New Jersey. It is surrounded by Wall Township and the boroughs of Spring Lake Spring Lake Heights and Sea Girt. The pond was originally connected to the sea by a small inlet and got its name because sailors would mistake it in the dark for the Manasquan Inlet which is further south.
 Tangelnscher Bach is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Redondo Peak is a conspicuous summit in the Jemez Mountains of New Mexico in the southwestern United States. It is located entirely within the Valles Caldera National Preserve. It is the second highest summit in the Jemez after Chicoma Mountain. It is the most visually prominent peak in the range when viewed from the south for example from Albuquerque.
 The Chiquito de Cibao River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 St Georges Basin is an open intermediate wave dominated barrier estuary or inland sea located in the South Coast region of New South Wales adjacent to the Jervis Bay Territory.
 Ailey is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 21 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in on April 24 2012. Ailey is named for the American dancer and choreographer Alvin Ailey who lived from 1931 to 1989 C.E.
 Elgheia is a mountain of Akershus Norway.
 The Pointe Burnaby is a minor summit north-east of Bishorn. Because of its small prominence it was included in the enlarged list of alpine four-thousanders.
 The Ixtapan River is a river of Mexico.
 The Floriano River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 The Batogu River is a tributary of the Călmăţui River in Romania.
 Turnabout Lake is a lake in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located northeast of Lake Hazen on Ellesmere Island It is drained by the Turnabout River which flows into Lake Hazen.The lake the river and Turnabout Glacier were named in 1957-58 during the International Geophysical Year by the Hazen Camp party directed by Geoffrey Hattersley-Smith.
 Chamcook Lake is a lake of Saint Andrews Parish New Brunswick Canada. It is located just north of the Passamaquoddy Bay which is part of the Bay of Fundy near the border with Maine United States. The town of Chamcook New Brunswick lies on the eastern bank of the lake and Chamcook Mountain is nearby. The lake has been notable within New England and Canada for its fishing.
 Adivar is an impact crater on Venus named in honor of writer Halide Edip Adıvar. The crater is located just north of the western Aphrodite highland (9 degrees north latitude 76 degrees east longitude). Surrounding the crater rim is ejected material which appears bright in the radar image due to the presence of rough fractured rock. A much broader area has also been affected by the impact particularly to the west of the crater.
 The Mill River is a 17.8-mile-long (28.6 km) tributary of Otter Creek in Rutland County Vermont in the United States.The Mill River rises in the southern part of the town of Mount Holly west of the Okemo Mountain ski area in the Green Mountains. It flows northwest paralleled by Vermont Route 155 to the village of East Wallingford where it continues north and northwest paralleled by Vermont Route 103 and the Green Mountain Railroad.
 Beer is a relatively small lunar impact crater located on the Mare Imbrium to the east of the crater Timocharis. Just to the northwest is the matching twin Feuillée.Beer is a circular cup-shaped crater with a sharp-edged rim that has not been significantly eroded. The interior has a higher albedo than the surrounding lunar mare which is usually an indication of a relatively young crater.
 Mount Panay is a strongly solfataric stratovolcano in the Philippines.
 The Piatra River is a tributary of the Slănic in Romania.
 Körös (Romanian: Criș German: Kreisch) is the name of a 195 km long river in eastern Hungary. It is formed at the confluence of the rivers Fehér-Körös (Romanian: Crișul Alb) and Fekete-Körös (Romanian: Crișul Negru) near Gyula. This reach is also called the Kettős-Körös River All three rivers Crișul Alb (Fehér-Körös) Crișul Negru (Fekete-Körös) and Crișul Repede (Sebes-Körös) have their source in the Apuseni Mountains in Transylvania Romania. Kettős-Körös.
 Wildcat Mountain is a summit in Iron County Missouri located 1.4 miles (2.3 km) west of Taum Sauk Mountain Missouri's highest peak. Wildcat Mountain's summit elevation is only about two feet less than that of Taum Sauk Mountain.
 Hueque River is a river of northern Venezuela. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 Duck Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island east of Lizard Lake on south side of upper China Creek south east of Port Alberni
 Bridgman is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies in the northern hemisphere to the northwest of the crater Kurchatov. To the west-southwest is the old formation Becquerel and eastward are the craters Pawsey and Wiener.The prominent outer wall of Bridgman is only somewhat worn and retains much of its original detail including traces of terrace structures and slumping.
 Broomlee Lough is an inland lake in Northumberland England at the southern edge of Northumberland National Park. The lough lies immediately north of the course of Hadrian's Wall. Old legends portray the lake as a repository of hidden treasure.
 The Little Truckee River is a 30.6-mile-long (49.2 km) river that is a tributary to its larger counterpart the Truckee River located in Nevada County in eastern California.
 Huron Bay is a long narrow fjord 12.3 miles (19.8 km) miles long located in Baraga County Michigan on the northern shore of the Upper Peninsula of the State of Michigan. The bay oriented in a northeast-southwest direction is bounded by the Huron Mountains on its east and the Abbaye Peninsula on its west. This bay offers mariners entry into the interior of the Huron Mountains the highest mountain range in Michigan.
 Lindenbach (Glems) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Hangatahua River alternatively known as the Stony River is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand. It is one of the larger of the numerous rivers and streams which drain the slopes of Mount Taranaki receiving water from streams covering most of the northwest sector of the mountain.
 The San Marcos River rises from the San Marcos Springs the location of Aquarena Springs in San Marcos Texas. The springs are home to several threatened or endangered species including the Texas Blind Salamander Fountain Darter and Texas Wild Rice. The river is a popular recreational area and is frequented for tubing canoeing swimming and fishing.
 The Pârâul Stânei is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
 The Funtenseetauern is a 2579 m high border peak between Germany and Austria on the northern edge of the Steinernes Meer one of the nine massifs of the Berchtesgaden Alps. The Funtenseetauern rises south of Berchtesgaden its broad shoulder towering over the lakes of Königssee and Obersee.
 Vysoká is the second-highest mountain in the Little Carpathians mountains part of the Carpathians mountain range located above the village Kuchyňa in Slovakia. The mountain is part of Nature Reserve Vysoká protected area. The 754-meter (2474 ft) AMSL high peak offers views of the surrounding Little Carpathians' relief Tribeč mountains Považský Inovec and Podunajská pahorkatina. On a fine day it offers views of extended parts of landscape with even the Austrian Alps being clearly visible.
 The Pârâul Rece is a headwater of the Valea din Mijloc River in Romania
 The Pârâul Noroios is a tributary of the Telciu River in Romania.
 Curly Bear Mountain (8099 feet (2469 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The mountain is located south of Saint Mary Lake near the eastern border of the park adjacent to the Blackfoot Indian Reservation.
 The Rich River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Öndor Hairhan (Mongolian: Өндөр хайрхан lit. high holy mountain) is a mountain of the Altai Mountains and located in the Bayan-Ölgii Province in Mongolia. It has elevation of 3914 m (12841 ft) and permanently snow-capped.
 The River des Chutes (River of the Falls) drains mainly the municipality of Saint-Narcisse and also Saint-Stanislas at the end of its course.
 The Vărbilău River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Vărsăturile and Clăbucet
 Beryozovaya (Russian: Берёзовая) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of Kolva River. It is 208 km in length. Area of basin is 3610 km². It starts on slopes of mountain range Beryozovy Kamen and flows through Cherdynsky District. Its mouth located downstream of village Korepino. There are many rocks and limestone formations along its banks.Main tributaries: Left: Zhernovka; Right: Byrkim Vizhai Buzhui Kremennaya Nemyd.
 Hornelen is a mountain in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The mountain sits on the eastern end of the island of Bremangerlandet along the Frøysjøen strait in the Nordfjord region of Norway. At 860 metres (2820 ft) it is the highest sea cliff in Europe and has for a long time been used as a landmark for naval navigation.
 Tikhonravov Crater is a large eroded crater in the Arabia quadrangle of Mars. It is 386.0 kilometres (240 mi) in diameter and was named after Mikhail Tikhonravov a Russian rocket scientist.Tikonravov is believed to have once held a giant lake that drained into the 4500 km long Naktong-Scamander-Mamers lake-chain system. An inflow and outflow channel has been identified.
 Midnight Sun Peak is a flat-topped mountain in southern Auyuittuq National Park of southern Baffin Island Nunavut Canada. It is part of the Baffin Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
 The Jgheab River is a tributary of the Bahrin River in Romania.
 Lake Moogerah formed by Moogerah Dam is a water supply and irrigation dam on Reynolds Creek a tributary of the Bremer River in Southeast Queensland's Fassifern Valley. The lake is used for recreation fishing and camping. Moogerah comes from the aboriginal word Moojirah meaning home of the thunderstorm.The lake is located around 60 km southwest of Ipswich and about 90 minutes drive from Brisbane.
 The Santa Renia Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County Nevada.
 The Prislop River is a tributary of the Sâva River in Romania.
 Holyoke Glacier is a 1.5-mile-long (2.4 km) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It trends southeast on the west bank of College Fjord 6.8 mi (10.9 km) southwest of College Point and 65 mi (105 km) east of Anchorage. It was named by U.S. Grant and D.F. Higgins USGS in 1908. It was named for Mount Holyoke College in South Hadley Massachusetts.
 Aepinus is a small lunar impact crater located along the northern lunar limb close to the north pole of the Moon. To the south east is the prominent crater Hermite.This crater was unnamed until it was given a name along with 18 other craters by the IAU on January 22 2009. It was named after the German-Russian astronomer Franz Aepinus (c. 1724 – c. 1802).
 Nördliches Höllhorn is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Black River is a tributary of the White River about 300 mi (480 km) long [1] in southeastern Missouri and northeastern Arkansas in the United States. Via the White River it is part of the Mississippi River watershed. Black River Technical College is named for the river.
 The Sașa Mândrei River or Sibiel River is a tributary of the Uria River in Romania.
 Lac de Roy is a lake in Haute-Savoie France. It is located 2 km west of le Praz de Lys (Praz de Lys-Sommand?) ski resort in the commune of Taninges.
 Johannishögl is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Opeongo River is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario Canada. The river is entirely within Algonquin Provincial Park and Opeongo River Provincial Park except for a small portion around Victoria Lake and is a left tributary of the Madawaska River.
 Selångersån is a river in Sweden.
 Sturgeon River is a 40.8-mile-long (65.7 km) river in the U.S. state of Michigan flowing mostly northward through Otsego and Cheboygan counties. The Sturgeon River rises in Livingston Township Otsego County near the city of Gaylord at 45°01′49″N 84°38′18″W. It flows into Burt Lake in the community of Indian River.
 Slievenamon (Irish: Sliabh na mBan [ˈʃlʲiəw n̪ˠə ˈmˠanˠ] mountain of the women) is a mountain to the northeast of Clonmel in South Tipperary Ireland. It stands at 721 m (2365 ft). Sitting at the western end of a range of low hills Slievenamon is a striking conical mass offering a dramatic view from the top over the counties of Tipperary Kilkenny and Waterford. Much of its lower slopes is wooded.There are two prehistoric cairns on Slievenamon.
 The River Yare is a river in the English county of Norfolk. In its lower reaches it is one of the principal navigable waterways of The Broads and connects with the rest of the network.The river rises south of Dereham close to the village of Shipdham. From there it flows in a generally eastward direction passing Barnham Broom and is joined by the River Tiffey before reaching Bawburgh.
 Frye Mesa Reservoir is located in southeastern Arizona 15 miles (24 km) southwest of Safford in the Coronado National Forest.
 The River Menalhyl (Cornish: Dowr Melynheyl meaning river of the estuary mill) is a river in Cornwall England UK that flows through the civil parishes of St Columb Major and Mawgan-in-Pydar. Its length is about 12 miles and it flows in a generally north-west direction. The name comes from the Cornish words melyn meaning mill and heyl meaning estuary - estuary mills.
 Baxter Creek or Stege Creek (also archaically Bishop Creek) is a three-branch creek in Richmond and El Cerrito California United States forming the Baxter Creek watershed. The creek has three sources and flows from the Berkeley Hills to Stege Marsh and the San Francisco Bay. The Baxter Creek watershed at-large has 10 sources.The creek has been largely culverted over the years since the Rancho San Pablo and the subdivided Bishop Ranch then known as Bishop Creek were urbanized.
 Mont Soleil (1291 m) is a mountain of the Jura Mountains located north of Saint-Imier in the canton of Bern.An observatory is located on the summit.
 The Sierras de Córdoba is a mountain range in central Argentina located between the Pampas to the east and south the Chaco to the north and the foothills of the Andes to the west. Almost the entire range except for the southwestern margin in San Luis Province is located in Córdoba Province.
 The Spantik-Sosbun Mountains are a subrange of the Karakoram range in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. The highest peak is Spantik 7027 m (23054 ft).The other namesake peak is Sosbun Brakk 6413 m (21040 ft).The Spantik-Sosbun Mountains are a narrow range about 120 km (80 mi) long trending roughly east-west. On the north the range is bounded by the important Hispar and Biafo Glaciers across which lie the Hispar Muztagh and Panmah Muztagh respectively.
 In the foothills of the Sierra Madre mountain range lies the Pamitinan cave. It is located in the San Rafael barangay (near Rodriguez Rizal) in the Philippines. It is also near the Wawa Dam. The cave was formerly known as the 'Cave of Bernardo Carpio'. Its former name was derived from Bernardo Carpio a figure in Philippine mythology who was rebuked by the gods because of his insolence.
 The Anapo (Sicilian: Ànapu) is a river in Sicily whose name which in Greek signifies invisible derives from the fact that for many parts of its course it runs underground.
 The Chirița River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in eastern Romania.
 Lago di Bomba is a lake in the Province of Chieti Abruzzo Italy. At an elevation of 262 m its surface area is 10 km².
 The Encantado River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Älpliseehorn is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located south of Arosa in Graubünden. On the north side of the mountain lies the Älplisee.
 The Piciorul Scurt River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 Piz Buin Pitschen is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Austria. It lies just west of the higher Piz Buin and is the second highest mountain of Vorarlberg.
 Mount Pantokrator (sometimes Pantocrator Pantōkrator Παντοκράτωρ in Greek) is a mountain located in north-eastern Corfu. At 906 metres (2972 ft) it is the highest mountain on the island. At the summit the whole of Corfu can be seen as well as Albania which lies a short distance from the island. On particularly clear days it is also possible to see Italy despite it being around 130 km (81 mi) away.
 Miño Volcano is a symmetrical cone-shaped stratovolcano located in El Loa Province Antofagasta Region Chile. It lies a few kilometres northwest of Aucanquilcha volcano and at its foot originates Loa River. The major settlement in its vicinity is Ollagüe.Unlike many other high summits in the area there is no evidence of a pre-Columbian ascent to its summit.
 The Zgarbura River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Yí River (Spanish Río Yí) is a river in Uruguay. The Yí and the Tacuarembó Rivers are the principal trutaries of the Río Negro.
 Lake Niangua is a 360-acre (1.5 km2) hydroelectric lake in southern Camden County Missouri USA on the Niangua River. The lake has a public access with a boat ramp and picnic area.
 The Matadero River (or Cuenca River) is a river of Ecuador.
 The San Luis Mountains are a small lower elevation mountain range of central-southern Pima County Arizona adjacent the U.S.-Mexico border northeast of Sasabe Arizona–Sasabe Sonora.The range is northwest-southeast trending about 10 miles (16 km) in length. The range borders the Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge to the west; both are in the southeast of the Altar Valley.
 Maja e Thatë is a 2406 m (7894 ft) high mountain peak of the Albanian Alps (Prokletije) in Albania. It is located within Valbonë Valley National Park roughly 2 km (1 mi) northwest of Valbonë and it has a high relative altitude of more than 1500 m (4921 ft) from the village.
 The Little Quilcene River is a river on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises in Clallam County near Mount Townsend of the Olympic Mountains. The river flows generally east through the Olympic National Forest. After exiting the higher mountains and the national forest the Little Quilcene River flows east and southeast through rolling terrain.
 Yr Arddu is a 389m high mountain peak in Snowdonia Wales. It lies approximately 2.5 km south east of the village of Beddgelert and just over 1 km from the rather more famous mountain Cnicht. It is a rugged hill with widespread rock outcrops and cliffs. A small lake Llyn yr Arddu is located on the flanks of the mountain.
 Mount Dampier (Rakiroa in Māori) is New Zealand's third highest mountain rising to 3440 m (11286 ft). It is located in the Southern Alps between Mount Hicks and Aoraki/Mount Cook. It is often traversed by climbers en route to the North ridge of Mount Cook.
 The Bone River is a short river in the U.S. state of Washington. It is about 6 miles (9.7 km) long.
 The Râul Feții is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 The Lataband Pass or Kotal-e Lataband (altitude: 2499 m or 8199 ft) is a mountain pass connecting Afghanistan and Jalalabad on the way to Pakistan in the Karkacha hills between Seh Baba and Butkhak in the Hindukush Range. The name Lataband means 'Mountain of Rags' as there was an old belief that people who hung bits of clothing on the bushes along the way had their wishes granted.
 Zvijezda (Serbian Cyrillic: Звијезда) is a mountain on the border of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia between towns of Višegrad and Bajina Bašta. Its highest peak Veliki Stolac lies on Bosnian territory and has an elevation of 1673 meters above sea level followed by Kozji rid (1591m) Pivnice (1575m) Mrka kosa (1545m) and Lisnata glavica (1510m) on Serbian side. Zvijezda lies in a large bend of Drina river and presents a western extension of Tara mountain.
 Slieve na Calliagh (Irish: Sliabh na Caillí meaning the hag's mountain) is the highest peak in a low range of hills in northwest County Meath. The hills are notable as the location of the Loughcrew Megalithic Tomb Cemetery.
 The Mica River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 The Moose's Tooth (or simply Moose's Tooth Mooses Tooth) is a rock peak on the east side of the Ruth Gorge in the Central Alaska Range 15 miles (24 km) southeast of Mount McKinley. Despite its relatively low elevation it is a difficult climb.
 Puig Neulós (French: Pic du Néoulous) is the highest mountain of Albera Range an eastern prolongation of the Pyrenees in Catalonia between France and Spain. It has an elevation of 1256 metres above sea level.There are some antennas on the summit and there is a paved road on the French side restricted to military use. The summit as well as most of the southern side of the range is part of the Paratge Natural d'Interès Nacional de l'Albera natural reserve.
 The Newhalen River is a 22-mile (35 km) stream in the Lake and Peninsula Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning at Six Mile Lake the Newhalen flows south to enter Iliamna Lake about 3 miles (5 km) south of Iliamna.Alaska Fishing describes the river as the major pathway for a mind-boggling migration of sockeye salmon that ascend the stream in early summer. The main game fish in addition to sockeye are rainbow trout.It is possible to float parts of the Newhalen in rafts and kayaks.
 The Paracauti River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Sâmnicel River is a tributary of the Sâmnic River in Romania.
 The Park Ranges also known as the Main Ranges are a group of mountain ranges in the Canadian Rockies of eastern British Columbia and western Alberta Canada. It is one of the three main subranges and the most central of the Continental Ranges extending from southeast of Mount McGregor to the Fernie Basin.
 The Pârâul Plaiului is a tributary of the Mânăileasa River in Romania.
 Sverka is a small river in the municipality of Namdalseid in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It flows from the lakes called Finnvollvatnet and Furudalsvatnet northeast past the Sverkmoen area to the lake Øyungen. At Øyungen it joins the river Øyensåa which continues until it joins with the Ferja. There it becomes the river Årgårdselva which flows to the Namsenfjorden. There is good salmon fishing in the lower parts of the river. The river system is about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) long.
 Fechner is a lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon's southern hemisphere attached to the western rim of the large walled plain Planck. The eastern rim of Fechner intersects the Vallis Planck a long wide cleft in the surface that follows a course to the north-northwest.
 The Valea Seciului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Xi River (Chinese: 西江) is the western tributary of the Pearl River in China. It is formed by the confluence of the Gui and Xun Rivers in Wuzhou Guangxi. It then flows east through Guangdong and enters the Pearl River Delta just east of the Lingyang Gorge in Zhaoqing. The main branch of the Xi River flows southeast through the delta entering the South China Sea at Modao Men just west of Macau.
 Luginsland (Müllheim) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Ruieni Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant on the Sebeş River situated in Romania.The project was started and finished in the 1990s and it was made up by the construction of a rockfill with a clay core dam 125 m high which was equipped with two vertical turbines the hydropower plant having an installed capacity of 153 MW. The power plant generates 130 GWh of electricity per year.
 The Untersberg is a massif of the Berchtesgaden Alps a prominent northern spur that straddles the border between Berchtesgaden Germany and Salzburg Austria. The highest peak of the table-top mountain is the Berchtesgaden Hochthron at 1973 metres (6473 ft).
 Cofre de Perote originally Naupa-Tecutépetl (from Nāuhpa-Tēuctēpetl in the Nahuatl language) is known also as Nauhcampatépetl. Both Nahuatl names mean something like 'Place of Four Mountain' or 'Mountain of the Lord of Four Places'.
 The Hilton Brook or Sutton Brook is a tributary of the River Dove in Derbyshire England and is 26 kilometres (16 miles) long. Like many watercourses in the area it has multiple names often being named locally after the village it flows past.
 The Foostock (also known as Ruchen) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Glarus and St. Gallen. It lies north of Piz Sardona on the range that separates the Sernftal from the Weisstannental.
 The Troaș River ( Hungarian:Torjás-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 The Macaná River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Plăpița River is a tributary of the Plapcea Mică River in Romania.
 The Jaguari Mirim River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Moji-Guaçu River.
 Sierra de San Pedro is a mountain range in the greater Montes de Toledo range Spain. It is named after Saint Peter the apostle and rises in the limits of Cáceres and Badajoz Provinces in the western part of the autonomous community of Extremadura close to its border with Portugal. This range gives its name to the Sierra de San Pedro - Los Baldíos comarca.This mountain range separates the drainage basin of the Tagus to the north from the basin of the Guadiana to the south.
 The Bad River is a river flowing to Lake Superior in northern Wisconsin in the United States. It flows for 119.6 kilometres (74.3 mi) in Ashland County draining an area of 1061 square miles (2750 km2) in portions of Ashland Bayfield and Iron counties. The Bad River sloughs were designated a Ramsar Wetland of International Importance on February 2 2012.
 Mount Malaueg was known to be the most historic mountain of Malaueg. The mountain was also known the Gigantic Plateau of Malaueg since its only location was a plateau and the place was said to be the treasure keeping of the Spaniards dating four centuries ago. The name of the mountain was derived from their dialect which means Bad Brook and the peak of the mountain was said to be the bridge between Poblacion and Capacuan Rizal Cagayan.
 The Couto de Magalhães River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Lake Lemon is a reservoir located in southern Indiana approximately 10 miles (16 km) northeast of Bloomington Indiana. It is bounded by private and public property in Monroe County and Brown County with the eastern end of the lake in Brown County. The surface area of the lake is 1650 acres (670 ha) making it the 11th largest lake in Indiana. There are 24 miles (39 km) of shoreline. The lake has an average depth of 9.7 feet (3.0 m) at full pool level.
 Branch Back Brook is a small tributary of Back Brook in Hunterdon County New Jersey in the United States.
 The Strahlhorn (3200 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Baltschieder in the canton of Valais. It lies between the Baltschiedertal and the Gredetschtal east of the Bietschhorn.
 Cagua Volcano is one of the active volcanoes of the Philippines. It has erupted twice in recorded history.
 Tomkins Mountain (variant names: Thomkins Knob Thompkins Knob and Tompkins Knob) is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country near the community of Deep Gap. The majority of the mountain is within the Blue Ridge Parkway.
 Austdalsvatnet is a lake in the northwestern part of the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the Breheimen mountain range at the end of the Austdalsbreen glacier just north of the lake Styggevatnet. It is about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of Lodalskåpa and Brenibba in the Jostedalsbreen glacier. The water is regulated by a dam on lake Styggevatnet and it empties into the Jostedøla river which flows south into the Gaupnefjord (part of the Sognefjord).
 Savlek (Russian: Савлек) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Turka River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 17 km.
 Loch Treig (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Trèig meaning loch of death) is a 9 km freshwater loch situated in a steep-sided glen 20 km east of Fort William in Lochaber Highland Scotland. While there are no roads alongside the loch the West Highland Line follows its eastern bank.Since 1929 Loch Treig has been a reservoir retained behind the Treig Dam forming part of the Lochaber hydro-electric scheme which required diversion of the West Highland Railway.
 The Bazoșina River is a tributary of the Iarcoș River in Romania.
 The Rocher des Tablettes (1288 m) is a mountain of the Jura located west of Rochefort in the canton of Neuchâtel. Its south side consists of steep limestone cliffs overlooking the valley of the Areuse.
 Mount Storm King is located within the Olympic National Park about 20 miles west of Port Angeles Washington. The mountain is located on the south side of Lake Crescent near Barnes Point and has an elevation of 4537 feet (1383 m).The trail to the summit starts near the Storm King Ranger Station and initially follows the trail to Marymere Falls but branches to the north after a short distance.
 The Martial Mountains are a mountain range in Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego located east of Cordillera Darwin just north of Ushuaia along the Beagle Channel coast.
 The Izvorul Negru River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 Clark Peak with a summit elevation of 12954 feet (3948 m) is the highest peak of the Medicine Bow Mountains. It is situated in the Rawah Wilderness along the border between Larimer and Jackson counties in northern Colorado. It is 3.9 miles (6.3 km) south-southeast of South Rawah Peak and 6.3 miles (10.1 km) north-northwest of Cameron Pass.
 Wast Water or Wastwater is a lake located in Wasdale a valley in the western part of the Lake District National Park England. The lake is almost 3 miles long (4.6 km) and more than a third of a mile (600 m) wide. It is the deepest lake in England at 258 feet (79 m) and is owned by the National Trust. It is one of the finest examples of a glacially 'over-deepened' valley. The surface of the lake is about 200 feet above sea level while its bottom is over 50 feet below sea level.
 Krøderen sometimes called Krøderfjorden is a lake in Buskerud Norway.The lake stretches about 41 kilometers (25 mi) north from the village of Krøderen in Krødsherad on its southern end and reaches north to the village of Gulsvik in Flå municipality in the valley of Hallingdal. The lake has a surface area of 42.88 km² and a depth of 119 meters. The primary river flowing into it is Hallingdalselva to the north. Its outlet is via the Snarumselva at the south end of the lake.
 Lobstick Lake became part of the Smallwood Reservoir along with Michikamau Lake upon the damming of the Churchill River in western Labrador Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. It forms the western section of the Smallwood Reservoir and lies just north of Ossokmanuan Lake.
 Toozaza Peak is a tuya in the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains in northern British Columbia Canada located in the Iverson Creek. Toozaza Peak is the summit of a north-south aligned ridge between the head of Toozaza Creek and the head of the Jennings River just south of the Jennings' divide with the Little Rancheria River headwaters.
 The Leica River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 Melkevatnet is a lake in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county Norway. The 3.34-square-kilometre (1.29 sq mi) lake is located between the Efjorden and the lake Hjertvatnet.
 The Tait River is a 12.8-mile-long (20.6 km) river in northeastern Minnesota the United States. It is a tributary of the Poplar River.
 Baboso is a remote peak near Veladero in the province of La Rioja in the Argentine Puna de Atacama. The peak is also sometimes known as Veladero Northeast. It was one of the last 6000m+ peaks in the Andes to be climbed the first recorded ascent being in November 2000. The peak has one of the largest glaciers in the Puna de Atacama on its southern flank and one of the few glaciers other than the ones on Pissis to have open crevasses.
 The Kapuas River (or Kapueas) is a river in the Indonesian part of Borneo island. It originates in the Müller Mountain Range at the center of the island and flows south until merging with the Barito River and discharging into the Java Sea. It should be distinguished from another Kapuas River which starts on the other side of the same mountain range in central Borneo but flows to the west and empties to the South China Sea. The river is about 600 km (370 mi) long and up to 6 m (20 ft) deep.
 Malefinkbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Sneeuberge (Afrikaans for Snow Mountains) are located in the far western portions of the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. They are the highest mountain range in South Africa outside the Drakensberg and stretch between Murraysburg of the neighbouring Western Cape north of Graaff Reinet and almost to Cradock.They are geologically part of the Karoo System and fall within the Karoo semi-arid climatic region.
 Cataract River a mostly perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 Molesworth Crater is a crater in the Aeolis quadrangle of Mars located at 27.7° south latitude and 210.9° west longitude. It is 181 km in diameter and was named after Percy B. Molesworth a British astronomer (1867–1908).
 Mus-Khaya Mountain (Russian: Мус-Хая Sakha: Муус Хайа) is a mountain in Sakha Republic and the highest point of Suntar-Khayata Range.An elevation of ice-covered summit is 2959 m.The mountain is located 485 km to the south of Arctic Circle and 135 km to the southwest of Oymyakon.The Mus-Khaya means Icy Mountain in Sakha language.
 Lake Chivero is a reservoir on the Manyame River. It was formerly called Lake McIlwaine in memory of Sir Robert Mcllwaine a former judge of the High Court and founder of Zimbabwe's soil and water conservation movementThis water body is Harare's (the capital city of Zimbabwe) main water supply.) is a lake southwest of Harare Zimbabwe. The lake was constructed over two-and-a-half years and opened to the public in 1952.
 The Valea Pinului River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 The Ivailovgrad lake is one of the largest water reservoirs in Bulgaria. It is located in the eastern Rhodope Mountains. The area is rich in natural phenomenon of caverns and historical monuments and offers nature lovers opportunities for water sports bird watching recreation and mountain hiking.
 Terhune Run is a tributary of Lawrence Brook in eastern South Brunswick New Jersey in the United States.
 The Fenner Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert in eastern San Bernardino County southern California.They are located within the southeastern corner of Mojave National Preserve and are east of the Providence Mountains near the junction of Goffs and Lanfair Roads.They run perpendicular to Interstate 40 and historic Route 66 to the south.
 The Bass River a perennial river of the Western Port catchment is located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Pârâul Rece is a tributary of the Tâmpa in Romania.
 Beinn Narnain (sometimes anglicised as Ben Narnain) is a mountain in the southern Highlands of Scotland near Arrochar. It forms part of a group of hills known (un-officially) as the Arrochar Alps and is a Munro. The name Beinn Narnain means hill of notches and describes the mountain's notched profile.Beinn Narnain is usually climbed from Succoth at the head of Loch Long.
 Fowler is a large lunar crater that lies in the northern hemisphere on the Moon's far side. It lies to the south-southwest of the crater Esnault-Pelterie and north of Gadomski. Overlying the eastern rim and intruding into the interior is Von Zeipel.The outer rim of this crater has become worn and rounded by impact erosion until it has become little more than an irregular slope down to the interior depression. A number of small craters lie along the rim and the inner wall.
 The Gradaščica is a river in Slovenia. The river is 33 km (21 mi) long. It begins in Polhov Gradec at the confluence of Little Creek (Slovene: Mala Voda) and Big Božna Creek. Near Vrhovci it is joined by Horjulščica Creek (a.k.a. Horjulka Creek). Not far past Bokalce most of the stream is split off into the Mali Graben Canal and the rest continues as the Gradaščica (also known as the Mestna Gradaščica 'Town Gradaščica').
 The Lan is a river in Belarus approximately 147 km (91 mi) long. It is a left tributary of the Pripyat River.
 Mandalselva (English: Mandal River Old Norse: Mǫrn) is a river originating in the mountains between Ose in Setesdal and Upper Sirdal and it runs through the counties of Aust-Agder and Vest-Agder and out to the North sea river mouth by Mandal Norway.Mandalselva is 115 km long and flows through the municipalities Åseral Audnedal Marnardal and Mandal. The largest tributaries are Monn Logna Skjerka Kosåna Logåna and Røyselandsbekken.
 Elsie Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island located south east of Comox Lake.
 Spirit Mountain also known as Newberry Peak is a mountain in the Laughlin Nevada area that is listed on the United States National Register of Historic Places. It is part of the Newberry Mountains in Nevada and the summit is the highest point in the Spirit Mountain Wilderness.
 The Mackenröder Spitze at about 427.5 m above sea level is the highest hill in the Göttingen Forest and lies on the boundary of the town and district of Göttingen in South Lower Saxony in Germany.
 The Viștișoara River is a headwater of the Viștea River in Romania.
 Kleiner Zillmannsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 66.5 m its surface area is 0.124 km².
 The Kronach is a river in Upper Franconia Bavaria Germany. It is about 5 miles (8 km) long and is formed from the confluence of the rivers Kremnitz and Grümpel south of Wilhelmsthal. From there it flows in a generally southerly direction to its confluence with the Haßlach at the town of Kronach. The ST2200 road which connects those two places follows its valley.
 This article is about a mountainous ridge located in New Haven Connecticut. See East Rock (neighborhood) for the neighborhood named after the same ridge.East Rock of south-central Connecticut United States with a high point of 366 feet (112 m) is a 1.4-mile (2 km) long trap rock ridge located on the north side of the city of New Haven.
 The Nakdong River (Rakdong in North Korean) is the longest river in South Korea and passes through major cities such as Daegu and Busan.
 Las Vegas Valley is actually a basin drained by the Las Vegas Wash. The valley in the northwest section is a northwest-by-southeast trending area and trending parallel to Las Vegas Wash lies at the northeast of the Spring Mountains massif.U.S. Route 95 leaves Las Vegas' northwest and goes northwesterly through the northwest valley section with Las Vegas Wash about 2 miles (3 km) northeast. U.S.
 The Longview Range is a small mountain range in northwestern British Columbia Canada located between Bowser Lake and Surveyors Creek. It has an area of 165 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 The Grotte Casteret also known by its Spanish name Gruta Helada de Casteret is a limestone ice cave located high in the Spanish Pyrenees within the Ordesa y Monte Perdido National Park. Discovered in 1926 by Norbert Casteret it is known for its Grande Salle (Great Hall) which has a frozen lake some 2000 square metres (22000 sq ft) in area its ice formations and a 20 metres (66 ft) ice wall into a second chamber.
 The Cazacu River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
 The Little Saint Andrews River is a river of Grenada.
 The Hăntău River is a tributary of the Calul River in Romania.
 The Megieșul River or Megieșul Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Hog Lake may refer to either of two lakes in southwestern Nova Scotia Canada: in Argyle municipality 43°53′34″N 65°53′22″W in Queens municipality 44°22′44″N 64°54′53″WAlso it may refer to:Hog Lake (Florida) in Highlands County Florida
 Keitele is a rather large lake located in Central Finland. With the area of 493.59 km² it is the 9th largest lake in the country. The lake is divided into three regions Ylä- Keski- and Ala-Keitele of which Keski-Keitele is the largest. Water in the lake is clear and in an excellent condition. The towns of Äänekoski and Viitasaari are located on the shores of Keitele.The northest part of the lake is called Ylä-Keitele.
 The Soboth Pass (elevation 1347 m) is a high mountain pass in the Alps located north of the border between Austria and Slovenia in the Austrian states of Styria and Carinthia connecting Soboth and Lavamünd.
 The Raciu River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Leaota and Valea Brădetului
 The Damansara River is a river in Selangor state Malaysia. It runs from Sungai Buloh until Shah Alam.
 Kikhpinych (Russian: Кихпиныч) is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula and feeding the famous Valley of Geysers. At its foot is the 'Valley of Death' where volcanic gasses accumulate and kill birds and mammals that enter it.
 Oder is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Lungwitzbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Gușoeni River is a tributary of the Pesceana River in Romania.
 Saint Nicholas Peak is a mountain in the Rocky Mountains of Canada. It is located on the Continental Divide on the Alberta-British Columbia border in both Banff National Park and Yoho National Park. It lies on the eastern edge of the Wapta Icefield and is part of the Waputik Mountains.
 Monte Kali or Kalimanjaro refers to the spoil heap or spoil tip that towers over the town of Heringen Hesse Germany. It is one of a number of sites where K+S dump the unusable sodium chloride which is a byproduct of potash mining a major industry in the area.The mountain rises over 200 meters above the surrounding land the peak standing at 520 meters above sea level. It contains over 135 million tonnes of salt with another 13000 tonnes being added each day.
 San Jacinto Peak 10834 feet (3302 m) is the highest peak of the San Jacinto Mountains and of Riverside County California. It lies within Mount San Jacinto State Park. Naturalist John Muir wrote of San Jacinto Peak The view from San Jacinto is the most sublime spectacle to be found anywhere on this earth!San Jacinto Peak is one of the most topographically prominent peaks in the United States. It is ranked sixth among peaks in the 48 contiguous states. According to John W.
 The McCoy Mountains are located in southeastern California in the United States.
 The Valea Văleni is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 The Englishman River is a short river in Washington County Maine. From its source (44°40′18″N 67°29′26″W) in Whitneyville Maine the river runs about 8.1 miles (13.0 km) south to Roque Bluffs where it empties into Englishman Bay.
 Nine Mile River is a small river in Wiltshire England. The river is not actually nine miles long; it derives its name from carters who reckoned they were nine miles from Salisbury when they reached it. The river rises in the civil parish of Milston and joins the River Avon in the village of Bulford. At about halfway through its course still in the parish of Milston it is joined by the small Damson Brook.
 The Christoffelberg also known as Mt Christoffel or Mt St Christoffel named after the explorer Christopher Columbus is the highest point on Curaçao. The Christoffelberg is 372 metres (1220 ft) high and lies in the reserved wildlife park Curaçao Christoffelpark which can be explored by car bike horse or on foot using several trails that have been laid out for this purpose.
 Limassol Salt Lake (also known as Akrotiri salt lake) is the largest inland body of water on the island of Cyprus in Akrotiri and Dhekelia United Kingdom an overseas territory[citation needed].It lies due south-east of the sprawling city of Limassol and measures 10.65 km².
 Wappenshall Junction (grid reference SJ662145) is a British canal junction located at Wappenshall Shropshire. It was created when the Newport Branch Canal joined the Shrewsbury Canal in 1835 and was closed along with the canal in 1944.
 The Pivka is a karst lost river in Slovenia. The river is 27 kilometres (17 mi) in length. The Pivka ends in Planina Cave where it merges with the Rak River and then the Unica River. The confluence of the Pivka and the Rak is one of the largest subterranean confluence in Europe. The Pivka created Postojna Cave the longest cave system in Slovenia as well as one of its top tourism sites.
 The British Empire Range is a mountain range on Ellesmere Island in Nunavut Canada. The range is one of the most northern ranges in the world and the Arctic Cordillera surpassed only by the Challenger Mountains which lies immediately to the northwest and the United States Range slightly further east. The highest mountain in the range is Barbeau Peak.The range was named by Gordon Noel Humphreys during the Oxford University Ellesmere Land Expedition.
 The Babor Range (Arabic: جبل البابور‎) is a mountain range in Algeria. The highest point of the range is 2004 m high Mount Babor.There is a protected area in the range the Djebel Babor Nature Reserve known for birdwatching and as one of the few relict habitats for the endangered Barbary Macaque Macaca sylvanus.
 The Brede is an English river in East Sussex. It flows into the Rock Channel (tidal section of the River Tillingham) and then onto the River Rother at Rye Sussex. It takes its name from the village of Brede which lies between Hastings and Tenterden. Before the sea retreated the river was part of a large estuary along which ships brought wine casks to the town of New Winchelsea.
 Altafjord (Norwegian: Altafjorden; Kven: Alattionvuono) is a fjord in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 38-kilometre (24 mi) long fjord stretches from the town of Alta in the south to the islands of Stjernøya and Seiland. The 200-kilometre (120 mi) long river Altaelva empties into the fjord at the town of Alta. At Stjernøya and Seiland islands the fjord splits into two straits before emptying into the Norwegian Sea.
 The Isorno is an Italian and Swiss river a tributary of the Melezzo Orientale.Its source is in Italy near Pioda di Crana. It passes through Bagni a frazione of Craveggia then entering Switzerland it flows through Onsernone Mosogno Isorno and Intragna where it joins the Melezzo Orientale.Its valley although easily reached from Lugano Bellinzona Domodossola and Locarno is one of the wildest in Switzerland and there is a proposal to institute a national park like that of Engadin.
 The Großer Mittelberg (the short form Mittelberg is also common) is a ridge in the Harz Mountains of Germany that begins immediately northeast of Lonau in the county of Osterode in Lower Saxony. It separates the valley of Kirchtal through which the Große Lonau flows from the Mariental and the Kleine Lonau.
 Beckwith Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Coffee River Cave is a large river cave in Manchester Parish in west-central Jamaica. It is 2800 metres in length and at an altitude of 250 metres.
 The Ouarsenis or Ouanchariss (Arabic: الونشريس‎ El Ouanchariss Berber: Ouarsnis meaning nothing higher in the Berber language) is a range of mountains in North-Western Algeria.The range is located at about 80 km south of the Mediterranean. It reaches its maximum elevation of 1985 m at the Mount Sidi Amar near Bordj Bounaama at about 60 km west of Tissemsilt. Another important summit is Achaoun (1850 m). The inhabitants of the region of the range are Berber people.
 Mount Ryōun (凌雲岳 Ryōun-dake) is a lava dome located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaido Japan.
 Seeweidsee is a lake in the municipality of Hombrechtikon in the Canton of Zurich Switzerland. Its surface area is 1.2 ha.
 Kaipara Harbour is a large enclosed harbour estuary complex on the north western side of the North Island of New Zealand. The northern part of the harbour is administered by the Kaipara District and the southern part is administered by the Auckland Council. The local Māori tribe is Ngāti Whātua.By area the Kaipara Harbour is one of the largest harbours in the world.
 Guayabero River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Ernest River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia. The headwaters of the river rise in the Drysdale River National Park at the foot of Tadarida Scarp. The river flows easterly until discharging into the Forrest River of which it is a tributary.The river was named by the Victoria Squatting Company surveyor Charles Burrowes.
 Crab Orchard Lake is a 6965-acre (28.2 km²) reservoir in Williamson County Illinois. It is the centerpiece of the Crab Orchard National Wildlife Refuge. It is fed by Devils Kitchen Lake and Little Grassy Lake which are also within the National Wildlife Refuge.Crab Orchard Lake was created when Crab Orchard Creek a tributary of the Big Muddy River in southern Illinois was dammed in the 1930s for purposes of recreation and flood control.
 Psou River (Abkhaz: Ҧсоу; Georgian: ფსოუ Russian: Псоу) is a river in the West Caucasus. It flows along the Southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range and forms a part of the border between Abkhazia and Russia or Georgia and Russia as Georgia and United Nations consider. The river flows into the Black Sea. The length of the Psou is 57 km and the drainage basin is approximately 420 km2. The Psou Valley borders the Gagra Range of Abkhazia to the east.
 The Three Sisters Range is a subrange of the Stikine Ranges located northwest of junction of the Stikine and McBride Rivers in northern British Columbia Canada and to the southeast of the community of Dease Lake.
 Buyongsan is a mountain in the province of Gangwon-do South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Chuncheon and the county of Hwacheon. Buyongsan has an elevation of 882 m (2894 ft).
 Monte Monarco is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 858 metres.
 Hugo is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 198 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Hugo is named for the French writer Victor Hugo who lived from 1802 to 1855.
 The Khwae Noi River (Thai: แควน้อย) is a river in northern Thailand. It shares the same name as another river in Thailand the popular tourist attraction also known as The River Kwai. These are two distinct bodies of water.
 Lake Vygozero (Russian: Выгозеро; Finnish: Uikujärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia in the northwestern part of Russia. It has an area of 1250 km² and is part of the Vyg River drainage in the White Sea basin. From 1933 it has been a part of the White Sea-Baltic Canal. There are more than 500 islands on the lake. Vygozero is used for its fishing. The Upper Vyg and Segezha Rivers empty into the lake.
 Mount Morgan is a mountain located in northwestern Inyo County California in the John Muir Wilderness of the Inyo National Forest.
 The Sărărie River is a tributary of the Dofteana River in Romania. The confluence with the Sărărie River defines the upper limit of the reach on which fishing is permitted on the Dofteana River.
 The Pudding River is a 62-mile (100 km) tributary of the Molalla River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Its drainage basin covers 528 square miles (1368 km2). Among its tributaries are Butte Creek Abiqua Creek and the Little Pudding River.Historically the Pudding River flowed directly into the Willamette River and aerial photos dating back to 1936 provide evidence of the Willamette River's confluence with the Pudding River main stem channel.
 Wyncham Stream is a small river within the London Boroughs of Bexley and Bromley in southeast London England United Kingdom. It is 5.6 km (3.5 mi) in length and is a tributary of the River Shuttle.The stream rises from several sources in Chislehurst in the London Borough of Bromley and the BR7 post code area.
 The Chagres River (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈtʃaɣɾes]) in central Panama is the largest river in the Panama Canal's watershed. The river is dammed twice and the resulting reservoirs—Gatun Lake and Lake Alajuela—form an integral part of the canal and its water system. Although the river's natural course runs northwest into the Caribbean Sea its waters also flow via the canal's locks into the Gulf of Panama to the south entitling the Chagres to the unusual claim of drainage into two oceans.
 The Pârâul Rău is a tributary of the Bulz River in Romania.
 The Merkys is a river in southern Lithuania and northern Belarus. It flows for 13 km (8 mi) through Belarus 5 km (3 mi) along the Belarusian–Lithuanian border and 195 km (121 mi) through Lithuania before joining the Neman River near Merkinė. Merkys is mostly fed by underground streams and therefore is cooler during summers and has smaller fluctuations in water level than other rivers in Lithuania.
 Rönne River (Swedish: Rönne å) is a river in Sweden.
 The Tlikakila River (Dena'ina Athabascan Łiq'a Qilanhtnu literally salmon-are-there river) is a stream 51 miles (82 km) long in the U.S. state of Alaska. The river lying entirely within Lake Clark National Park flows southwest from Summit Lake in the Chigmit Mountains of the Aleutian Range to Lake Clark.The Tlikakila is one of three national wild rivers in Lake Clark National Park.
 Răut also referred to as Reut (Romanian: Răut Ukrainian and Russian: Реут (Reut) Yiddish: רעװעט (Revet)) is a river in Moldova a right tributary of Dniester. Răut generally navigable until 18-19th century is navigable today only by small recreational boats.The towns Bălţi Orhei and Floreşti are located by the river.
 Sarata is a river in Ukraine and Moldova which inflows into the Sasyk Lagoon. The river has origine in the territory of Moldova. Length 120 km. Area of watershed 1 250 km². In summer it is dries. The river has tributaries: Babei Gealair Copceac.
 Triglavski dom na Kredarici (2515 metrov) is the highest mountain hut in Slovenia and also the highest meteorological station. It lies on small plateau called Kredarica just below Stranski vrhovi. There is a chapel Kapela Marije Snežne and small cave called Ivačičeva jama.
 New Hogan Lake is an artificial lake in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada in Calaveras County California about 30 miles (48.3 km) northeast of Stockton. It is formed by New Hogan Dam on the Calaveras River whose North and South forks combine just upstream of the lake and has a capacity of 317000 acre·ft (391000000 m3). The earth-fill dam completed in 1963 is 210 feet (64.0 m) high from the crest of the dam to the original streambed. The reservoir was first filled in 1965.
 The Silberplatten is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps (Alpstein massif) overlooking the Schwägalp Pass in the canton of St. Gallen. Its 2158 metre high summit is located near the Grenzchopf where runs the border with the canton of Appenzell Ausserrhoden.
 Lake Bermin (sometimes spelled Bemin) is a small lake in the volcanic chain in the Southwest Region of Cameroon. It is a volcanic lake with a crater rim that rises to a height of about 150 feet (46 m). This highly isolated lake is roughly circular in shape lacks an inflow but has an outflow into the Cross River system.Despite its very small size it supports 9 endemic species of tilapiine cichlid fishes (C. bakossiorum C. bemini C. bythobates C. flava C. gutturosa C. imbriferna C.
 Schwarzbach (Vogtland) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Highiș River is a tributary of the Șoimaș River in Romania.
 The Ishpatina Ridge is the highest point of land in the Canadian province of Ontario at an estimated 693 m (2274 ft) above sea level. Ishpatina Ridge rises approximately 300 m (984 ft) above the immediate area. The ridge lies in Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater Provincial Park. Because of its remote location Ishpatina Ridge is not very accessible; the closest major highway Highway 560 is more than 30 km away and roads and trails in the remote area are difficult to travel in poor weather.
 Bitterwater Creek formerly Arroyo de Matarano (Matarano Creek) is a stream with its source located at the junction of Walnut Creek and Yeguas Creek in San Luis Obispo County west of the Temblor Range and east of the Carrizzo Plain in the San Andreas Rift Zone. It flows northwest in the Rift Zone then northeast through the Temblor Range passing south of the Shale Hills into Antelope Valley 4 miles southeast of Point of Rocks.
 Anik Mountain (Russian: гора Аник) is the highest peak of Primorsky Krai Russia. It is located in the north of Primorsky Krai on the border with Khabarovsk Krai. Anik Mountain is third highest peak (after Tordoki Yani and Ko Mountain) of the Sikhote-Alin mountain system.
 Corey Lake is a small inland lake in south western Michigan. It is located just outside Three Rivers and is the home to Camp Eberhart and Camp Wakeshma. There is also the Corey Lake Marina and Happy Landing a small restaurant.The lake from above looks a bit like Mickey Mouse. It is circular shaped with North Bay and Turtle Bay sprouting from one side and Little Corey jutting out from another side. The vast majority of the lake is located in St.
 The Bay of Langarano is located in the region of Anosy at the south-western coast of Madagascar at the Mozambique Channel. It is situated between the mouths of the Linta River and the Menarandra River.
 Santa Cruz River (Spanish: Río Santa Cruz) is a river from the Argentine province of Santa Cruz.The Santa Cruz begins at the shore of the Viedma and Argentino Lakes of glacial origin and located in the Los Glaciares National Park and runs 385 km (239 mi) eastwards before reaching the Atlantic Coast 350 km (217 mi) north of the southern tip of South America creating a delta. It is one of the last large free-flowing rivers in Patagonia.
 Woody's Knob (Charlie Woody Mountain) at an elevation of 4170 feet is a summit or knob in the Blue Ridge Mountains and one of the highest points in the unincorporated village of Little Switzerland and in Mitchell County North Carolina.
 The Plai River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Mount Carmel (Hebrew: הַר הַכַּרְמֶל Har HaKarmel ISO 259-3 Har ha Karmell (lit. God's vineyard); Greek: Κάρμηλος Kármēlos; Arabic: الكرمل‎ Kurmul or جبل مار إلياس Jabal Mar Elyas 'Mount Saint Elias') is a coastal mountain range in northern Israel stretching from the Mediterranean Sea towards the southeast. The range is a UNESCO biosphere reserve and a number of towns are located there most notably the city of Haifa Israel's third largest city located on the northern slope.
 The Whakaurekou River is a river of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from its origins in the Ruahine Range to reach the Rangitikei River 25 kilometres east of Taihape.
 Mount Tripyramid is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain so-called because of the three distinct peaks along its mile-long summit ridge is part of the Sandwich Range of the White Mountains. Scaur Peak and The Fool Killer are subsidiary peaks to the northwest and northeast. To the southeast Tripyramid is flanked by The Sleepers.Mt.
 The South Shore Estuary is an estuary located along the south shore of Long Island between the mainland and the outer barrier islands in eastern New York state. It stretches for over 70 miles (110 km) from West Bay in Nassau County to the Shinnecock Bay in Suffolk County.
 Nishin Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Lake Kohangatera is one of two lakes in Fitzroy Bay (to the east of Pencarrow Head on the eastern side of New Zealand's Wellington Harbour). It has an open water area of 17 hectares and is fed by Gollans Stream which has its headwaters on Mount Lowry 14 km to the north. The drainage basin area is about 1700 ha. The lake's southern end extends close to the sea where it is dammed by the gravel and sand of old earthquake raised beaches.
 The Uberaba River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Chaudière River (French for Cauldron or Boiler) is a 185 kilometres (115 mi) long river with its source near the Town of Lac-Mégantic in southeast Quebec Canada. From its source Lake Megantic in the Estrie region it runs northwards to flow into the St. Lawrence River opposite Quebec City.
 The La Moara de Vânt River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
 The Seciu River is a tributary of the Sibişel in Romania.
 Jarbek is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Wienerwaldsee (English:Vienna Forest Lake) is a shallow reservoir located 20 kilometres west of Vienna Austria.It is located just north of Austria's main motorway the West Autobahn between Tullnerbach and Neu-Purkersdorf. It was created over three years 1895–1897 by damming the Wienfluss (The Wien) and letting it fill the valley behind. The area around the lake is a nature conservation area. On the northern shore near the weir stands the statue of Wilhelm Kress.
 The Blahnița River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Mount Miyama (深山 Miyama) is a 790.5 m (2594 ft)　mountain located on the border of Nose Osaka and Nantan Kyoto Japan.
 The Sirupa River is a river of Mexico.
 The Chicago River is a system of rivers and canals with a combined length of 156 miles (251 km) that runs through the city of Chicago including its center (the Chicago Loop). Though not especially long the river is notable for being a reason why Chicago became an important location with the related Chicago Portage being a link between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi Valley waterways and eventually the Gulf of Mexico.The River is also noteworthy for its natural and man-made history.
 Chalk Lake is a small lake in Chaffee County Colorado United States adjacent to Chalk Creek in San Isabel National Forest. The lake and surrounding area is a day-use area along road 162 across Chalk Creek from the Chalk Creek Campground and a fee is charged for use of the lake. Chalk Lake is directly north of Mount Antero and directly south of Mount Princeton. The Denver South Park and Pacific Railroad grade is above the south side of the lake below Mount Antero.
 Baring Bay is an Arctic waterway in the Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It lies off the southwestern coast of Devon Island in the eastern high Arctic. Like Macormick Bay to the south it is an arm of Wellington Channel.It is named in honor of Sir Francis Baring First Lord of the Admiralty.
 Puruma River (Quechua puruma land fertilized by sowing legumes) is a Bolivian river in the Chuquisaca Department Oropeza Province Puruma Municipality. It is an affluent of Río Exaltación whose waters flow to San Pedro River a right tributary of Río Grande.The river runs along the little town Puruma.
 The Valea cu Pești River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 Squaw Run is a tributary of the Allegheny River located in Allegheny County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 Nira is a river flowing through the Indian state of Maharashtra. It is a tributary of Bhima river and flows through Satara District Pune and Solapur districts of Maharashtra. Karha is a tributary of Nira.This river flows from Shirwal(taluka khandala) Satara District to Pune District and then meets Bhima Basin at Nira Narsingpur near Akluj. Then flows with Bhima water to Solapur District.
 The Allaiha (Russian: Аллаиха) is a river of Sakha Republic Russia a tributary of the Indigirka River.
 The North Fork Feather River is a watercourse of the northern Sierra Nevada in the U.S. state of California. It flows generally southwards from its headwaters near Lassen Peak to Lake Oroville a reservoir formed by Oroville Dam in the foothills of the Sierra where it runs into the Feather River. The river drains about 2100 square miles (5400 km2) of the western slope of the Sierras.
 The Mangles River is in the South Island of New Zealand. It feeds into the Buller River near the town of Murchison. The river is popular destination for kayaking.
 The Misa is an Italian river in the Marche which runs over 48 kilometers within the region. The source of the river is south of Arcevia in the province of Ancona. The river flows northeast near Arcevia and Serra de' Conti. The river enters the Adriatic Sea near Senigallia.
 Green Brook is a tributary of the Raritan River in central New Jersey in the United States
 The Clăbucet River is a headwater of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
 The Negrinho River (Mafra Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Paraná River basin.
 The Awhea River is a river of New Zealand. It is located in the Wairarapa close to the North Island's southernmost point and flows south for 24 kilometres (15 mi) from rough hill country south of Martinborough to reach the Pacific 20 kilometres (12 mi) to the east of Cape Palliser.
 Poso Creek or Posey Creek in Kern County California. Its source is at the confluence of Spear Creek and Von Hellem Creek on the west slope of the Greenhorn Mountains of the Sierra Nevada. Its mouth is on the Kern River between Buena Vista Lake south of Tulare Lake.
 The Rainy River is a 22.5-mile-long (36.2 km) river in Presque Isle County Michigan in the United States. It is located in the northern part of the Lower Peninsula of Michigan flowing northwest from Rainy Lake to Black Lake. Its waters after passing through Black Lake flow via the Black River and the Cheboygan River to Lake Huron.
 Lluest-wen Reservoir (Welsh: Cronfa-ddwr Lluest-wen) is a reservoir at the top of the Rhondda Fach Valley (Welsh: Cwm Rhondda Fach) in the borough of Rhondda Cynon Taf South Wales. Parts of it fall within the communities of Rhigos Aberdare and Treherbert. A recreational walking route the Coed Morgannwg Way and route 47 of the National Cycle Network run northeast and southwest of it respectively.
 Lake Alexandrina is a lake in South Australia adjacent to the coast of the Southern Ocean about 100 kilometres south-east of Adelaide.
 The Parapetí River is a river in Bolivia that has its source on the eastern side the Andes flows through the Gran Chaco of Bolivia and ends in the marshes of the Bañados de Izozog depression. The drainage basin is 25300 km2 and with the inclusion of the Bañados of Izozog is 61903 km2.
 Laufbacher Eck is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.The Laufbacher Eck is a 2178 m high Summit of grassy mountain in the Allgäu Alps. It is located southeast of Lachenkopfes and to the North of Rotkopfs from which it is separated by the Laufbacher-Eck-Sattel. The mountain trail from the Edmund-Probst House to the Prinz-Luitpold-Haus runs over the saddle.
 Murillo Lake is a lake in the Manuripi Province Pando Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 140 m its surface area is 7.6 km2 (3 sq mi).
 Długa is a river of Poland which flows into the Żerański Canal.
 Qillwaqucha (Quechua qillwa qiwlla qiwiña gull qucha lake gull lake hispanicized spelling Quelluacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cajamarca Region Cajamarca Province Namora District. It is situated at a height of about 3500 metres (11483 ft). The village at its eastern shore is also named Qillwaqucha (Quelluacocha).
 South Fork Little Snake River is an 18.2-mile-long (29.3 km) tributary of the Little Snake River in Routt County Colorado. It flows north from a source in Routt National Forest near Steamboat Lake State Park to a confluence with the Little Snake River.
 Waingaro River is the name of two rivers in New Zealand.The Waingaro River is a river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southwest from its origins west of Ngaruawahia to reach a northern arm of Raglan Harbour (see 1:50000 map). Its main tributary is Kahuhuru Stream which Highway 22 follows for several kilometres.
 The Nicholson River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.The river rises just north of Koolerong Bore then flows south-west through Nicholson and through Marella Gorge then turning north and discharging into the Ord River on the eastern edge of Purnululu National Park near Doughboy Hill.There are eleven tributaries of the Nicholson including; Bamboo Creek Bull Creek Clean Skin Creek Red Bank Creek Tyson Creek and Wire Creek.
 Sisovatnet (Lule Sami: Sijdasjávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the southeastern part of the municipality of Sørfold about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of the village of Straumen. The lake Rundvatnet lies immediately east of Sisovatnet. The lake is fed by the melting snow from the large Blåmannsisen glacier to the southeast.
 Jupiter Mountain elevation 13836 ft (4217 m) is a summit in the Needle Mountains of southwest Colorado. The mountain is south of Silverton in the Weminuche Wilderness.
 The Reed Loch was also known as Loch Green. As a curling pond it was probably known as the Fullarton House Pond located as it was on the edge of the Fullarton House and Crosbie Castle estate curtilage It was originally a shallow and overgrown freshwater loch hence the name Reed Loch and its marshy appearance on Johnson's 1828 map. It was cleaned out and used as a curling pond in the latter part of the 19th century before falling out of use and being drained in the late 20th century.
 Lake Josephine which has three distinct bodies of water connected by narrow parts of the lake that are hardly wider than channels has a total surface area of 1248.87-acre (5054000 m2). Lake Josephine's south and west sides are bordered in most places by residential areas. The east shore is bordered by a mixture of residences and woods. The northeast shore is bordered by a part of Lake Josephine RV Resort and almost the entire north side of the lake is bordered by woods.
 Cañada Gobernadora is a tributary to San Juan Creek about 8.5 miles (13.7 km) long in southern Orange County in the U.S. state of California.
 The Ource is a 100 km (62 mi) long river in northeastern France right tributary of the river Seine. Its source is in the Haute-Marne département 2 km south of Poinson-lès-Grancey. It flows generally northwest. It joins the Seine at Bar-sur-Seine.Its course crosses the following départements and communes:Haute-Marne: Poinson-lès-GranceyCôte-d'Or: Recey-sur-Ource Brion-sur-Ource Autricourt Grancey-sur-OurceAube: Essoyes Celles-sur-Ource Bar-sur-Seine
 The Del Rosario River is a river of Mexico.
 Isojärvi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is situated in the region of Satakunta in Western Finland and in the municipalities of Pomarkku in south and Siikainen in north. The lake is a part of the Karvianjoki basin that drains into the Gulf of Bothnia.Isojärvi is common lake name in Finland. There are 31 lakes with this name.
 Stoppelsberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Dumitrelul River is a tributary of the Râul Feţii in Romania.
 The Jilabău River is a tributary of the Iapa River in Romania.
 The Kärpf (or Chärpf) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps located in the canton of Glarus. With a height of 2794 metres above sea level the Kärpf is the highest point of the massif lying north of Richetli Pass (2261 metres). This range separates the two main valleys of Glarus: the main Linth valley with Linthal on the west and the Sernftal with Elm on the east.On the north side of the Kärpf is located a small valley which is occupied by a lake the Garichtisee.
 The Ofin River is an easterly-flowing waterway in Ghana. It flows through the Tano Ofin Reserve in Ghana's Atwima Mponua District.The Ofin riverbed is 90 metres above mean sea level. The Ofin has cut steep side channels average depth 12–15 metres into the rolling terrain over which it flows.The Ofin and the Pra rivers form the boundary between Ghana's Ashanti region and Central region. Dunkwa-on-Offin is a major town on the river.Gold is mined from the river's sediment.
 The Rehbach is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate. It is about 29 km long and is a left tributary of the Rhine.
 Goldbach (Röddenau) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Lovett River is a short river in the Alberta foothills. The Lovett is an early tributary of the Pembina River itself a major tributary of the Athabasca River. The Lovett River was formerly known as the Little Pembina River but to avoid confusion its name was changed. The new name was derived from Lovettville a defunct coal mining town in the vicinity. The settlement took its name from H. A. Lovett President of North American Collieries a mining company in the area.
 Peters Dome is a 10571-foot (3222 m) mountain in the central Alaska Range in Denali National Park 7.6 mi (12 km) northwest of Mount McKinley. It is separated from McKinley by a deep glacial valley the Peters Basin which is the source of Peters Glacier about 3000 feet (910 m) below Peters Dome's summit. It is described as a glacier-covered dome.
 Sedco Hills is the informal name for the section of the Temescal Mountains east of Sedco Hills California taken from the CDP Sedco Hills California in Riverside County California. They lie south of the San Jacinto River and west of Cottonwood Canyon Creek and north of Bundy Canyon. Its heights are over 1800 feet most from the middle of the range to the south over 2000 feet high. The highest elevation is 2432 foot Wildomar Peak at the south end of the range overlooking Bundy Canyon.
 Väimela Alajärv is a lake in Võru County of eastern Estonia.
 Mount Dalmeny (71°7′S 166°55′E) is a peak 1610 metres (5280 ft) high 6 nautical miles (11 km) east-southeast of Drabek Peak and 3 nautical miles (6 km) west of Redmond Bluff in the Anare Mountains of Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was first discovered in 1841 by Captain James Clark Ross Royal Navy who named it for the Right Honorable Archibald Primrose Lord Dalmeny then a junior lord of the Admiralty.
 Untere Bära is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Clarence F. Walker Lake is a 239 acre (0.97 km²) reservoir formed by a dam and used for flood control and recreation. It is located in Adams Township Snyder County Pennsylvania near the town of Troxelville.
 Brock Reservoir is a man-made reservoir located near Gordons Well California intended to hold water that was requested from Lake Mead but turned out not to be needed. It has a small maximum volume of only 8000 acre feet (2600 million US gallons) but is expected to be filled and emptied many times each year. It holds water from the All-American Canal until it can be used for nearby agriculture.
 Pukarahu (Quechua puka red rahu snow ice mountain with snow snow covered red mountain hispanicized spelling Pucaraju) Caruayun Santa Cruz or Pico de Huaylas (Spanish for peak of Huaylas) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru. It has a height of 6259 metres (20535 ft). Pukarahu is situated in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Santa Cruz District.
 Schnakenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Jamanota (188 m) (620 ft) is the highest point on the island of Aruba and is visible from the entire island. It is located within the Arikok National Park. Wild goats and donkeys roam free on the mountain. The panorama from its summit includes Frenchman's Pass on the south coast where Indians defended their island against the French. The area is known for its wild parakeets.
 Hardings Wood Junction (grid reference SJ834546) is a canal junction near Kidsgrove Staffordshire England and the point at which the Macclesfield Canal (or historically the Hall Green Branch) joins the Trent and Mersey Canal. It opened in 1831.
 Sugar Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country and wholly in the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 5236 feet (1596 m) and is split along the Eastern Continental Divide generating feeder streams for the Linville Elk and North Toe rivers. On its north slope resides the Village of Sugar Mountain.
 The Izvoarele River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 Ballysaggart Lough or Black Lough (Irish: Loch Bhaile an tSagairt / Loch Dhubh) is a lough in Dungannon County Tyrone Northern Ireland. It is part of the waterway created to service mills in nearby Moygashel.In 2002 a man drowned after getting into difficulties swimming across it.The Ballysaggart Environmental Group was formed in 2004 to protect the unique habitat in and around the Lough.
 The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Balomir River in Romania
 Derzhavin is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 159 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Derzhavin is named for the Russian poet Gavrila Derzhavin who lived from 1743 to 1816.
 The Crest dil Cut (also known as Cresta dil Cot) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps situated west of Rothenbrunnen in the canton of Graubünden. It lies near the northern end of the range separating the Safiental from the Domleschg.
 Lake Colac is situated to the north of the Colac town centre in Victoria Australia. The lake provides a home for the Yacht Club Rowing Club and water skiers during the summer months and has many birds. The foreshore has a playground boat ramp and the Colac Botanical Gardens. Midway through January 2009 the lake dried up after years of drought and the first time in 173 years.
 Krähenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Minto (Inuktitut: Qasigialik where there are Spotted Seals) is a lake on western Ungava Peninsula Nunavik Quebec Canada.
 The Back River is a short tributary of the Meduncook River in Friendship Maine. From its source (44°01′02″N 69°18′16″W) the river runs 2.7 miles (4.3 km) south to the estuary of the Meduncook.
 Eldorado Peak is a 8868-foot (2703 m) peak in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington about 27 miles (43 km) east of Concrete. It is located in North Cascades National Park at the head of Marble Creek and west of Inspiration Glacier. Other glaciers in the immediate vicinity include Eldorado Glacier and McAllister Glacier.
 Du Cane Range is a mountain range in the Central Highlands district of Tasmania Australia.The main ridge of the Du Cane Range is essentially the seventh highest point in Tasmania. It is a major feature of the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park and is a popular venue with bushwalkers and mountain climbers.The Du Cane Range was named after Sir Charles Du Cane KCMG Royal Governor of Tasmania from 1874 to 1878.
 The Izvoru Rău River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Tolmie Peak is a 5940 ft (1811 m) peak in the Mount Rainier area of the Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Washington. It is located 2 miles (3.2 km) northwest of Mowich Lake in the northwest part of Mount Rainier National Park.Streams that drain the slopes of Tolmie Peak including Tolmie Creek and Ranger Creek join the Carbon River which flows into the Puyallup River and Puget Sound. Just south of Tolmie Peak in a basin carved by glaciers lies Eunice Lake.
 Nuff Creek is a 2.0-mile-long (3.2 km) stream in San Mateo County California which is a tributary of Pilarcitos Creek. It has an elevation of 197 feet and is most frequently used as a kayaking location. The closest major town is Princeton by the Sea California.
 The Chitta Katha Lake is located in Shonter valley Azad Kashmir Pakistan at the altitude of 13500 feet (4100 m). The lake is accessible from Kel by a 20 kilometers (12 mi) jeep track and then 5 kilometers (3.1 mi) hiking trek. Kel is the base camp to this lake.
 The Bilbor River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
 The Seward Mountains is a small mountain range in southeastern Alaska United States located on the upper Portland Canal. It has an area of 107 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains. Part of the eastern border of Misty Fjords National Monument transects the range.
 Mont Ventoux (Ventor in Provençal) is a mountain in the Provence region of southern France located some 20 km northeast of Carpentras Vaucluse. On the north side the mountain borders the Drôme département. It is the largest mountain in the region and has been nicknamed the Beast of Provence the Giant of Provence or The Bald Mountain.
 The Karuvannur River or Karuvannur Puzha has its origins at Pumalai Hills in Chimmony Wildlife sanctuary of Thrissur District. The Karuvannur River is formed by the confluence of two rivers Manali River and Kurumali River. The river flows west and splits in two one falling in Enamakkal Lake in Thrissur District and the other one into Periyar river.
 Lake Bato is a freshwater lake and the 7th largest in the Philippines. It is located in the town of Bato approximately 9 km southwest of Iriga City Camarines Sur Province Southeastern Luzon Philippines. It has extensive marshes and swamp forests. The lake drains into a tributary of the Bicol River which enters the sea near Naga City. Average depth is 8m and the bottom is muddy clay. The pH value is 6.1 the average dissolved oxygen 10 p.p.m. and the total hardness (SBY) 2.4.
 The Drăgoiești River is a tributary of the Beiușele River in Romania.
 The Fier (French: le Fier) is a 71.9 km (44.7 mi) long river in the Haute-Savoie and Savoie départements southeastern France. Its source is at Manigod in the Aravis Range. It flows generally west. It is a left tributary of the Rhone into which it flows at Seyssel.The Chéran is among its tributaries.
 The Valea Ciungului River is a tributary of the Valea Șturului River in Romania.
 The Aiguilles Dorées (3518 m) are a multi-summited mountain of the Mont Blanc massif overlooking the Plateau du Trient in the canton of Valais. They lie east of the Petite Fourche on the range between the glaciers of Trient and Saleina.The main (and westernmost) summit is named Aiguille de la Varappe. The other summits are the Tête Biselx (3509 m) and Le Trident (3436 m).
 The Florei River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as the Șteiasa River
 Base Brown is a fell in England's Lake District near the head of the Borrowdale Valley. It forms one side of the Seathwaite Valley and on the western side it is flanked by the hanging valley of Gillercomb.
 Eller is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Mount Warren (13722 ft (4182 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is the third peak in the range and the fourth tallest in Wyoming. The summit is located in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest and rises above several glaciers the best known being Dinwoody Glacier which is immediately north of the summit tower. The mountain abuts but is not within either Bridger National Forest or Sublette County Wyoming.
 Lake Shipp is almost round in shape. This lake is a natural freshwater lake with a 276-acre (1120000 m2) surface area. This lake is bordered on the north northwest and the southwest sides by residential areas. On the east and part of the southeast are warehouses and business buildings. William G.
 Baegunbong is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. It sits on the boundary between the communities of Yangpyeong and Okcheon in the county of Yangpyeong. Baegunbong has an elevation of 940 m (3084 ft).
 Iványi Stream originates at Mátra nearly 470 metre above sea level South from Mátraterebély Nógrád County Hungary. It is a left side water of Zagyva. Stream flows Northward and reaches Zagyva at Mátraterény.Tószeri Stream flows to it not so far from Mátraterenye.
 Flattop Mountain is a 3510-foot (1070 m) mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska located in Chugach State Park just east of urban Anchorage. It is the most climbed mountain in the state.It is usually reached by driving to the Glen Alps trailhead and following a well-maintained 1.5-mile (2.4-km) trail with an elevation gain of 1280 feet (390 m) from the parking lot to the summit.
 Wyhra is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Graveraet River is an 8.7-mile-long (14.0 km) river in Houghton County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Lake Superior.
 Khajjiar Lake is situated in Khajjiar in Chamba district of Himachal Pradesh India. It is situated at a height of around 1920 m above sea level between Dalhousie and Chamba Town. The lake is set in a huge grassy landscape with evergreen cedar trees surrounding it from all sides. The lake takes its name from Khajji Nag the deity in the temple nearby. The lake has considerably shrunk over the years and is now almost on the verge of vanishing.
 Pangboche Crater is a young impact crater in the Tharsis quadrangle of Mars near the summit of Olympus Mons. It is 11 km in diameter and is located at 17.22° N and 133.62° W. It was named after a village in Nepal.
 Kesselspitz is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Lower Roddlesworth Reservoir is a reservoir on the River Roddlesworth close to Abbey Village in Lancashire.The reservoir is close to Upper Roddlesworth Reservoir and Rake Brook Reservoir situated within thick forest.
 Bakans (Latvian: Bakanu ezers or Bakans) is a lake in Madona municipality Latvia. It is located near to Dzelzava village and next to the lake is a smaller village named Jaunbakani.In the 1930s an old lake settlement was found in the lake.
 The Pompton River is a tributary of the Passaic River approximately 8 mi (13 km) long in northern New Jersey in the United States.It is formed south of the borough of Pompton Lakes by the confluence of the Ramapo and Pequannock rivers. It flows south passing between Lincoln Park and Pequannock Township (to the west) and Wayne (to the east). It enters the Passaic north of Fairfield.
 Knoten is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Mackenzie River (Slavey language: Deh-Cho big river or Inuvialuktun: Kuukpak great river) is the largest and longest river system in Canada and is exceeded only by the Mississippi River system in North America. It flows through a vast isolated region of forest and tundra entirely within the country's Northwest Territories although its many tributaries reach into four other Canadian provinces and territories.
 The Chapare River is a river in Bolivia which is a tributary of the Mamoré River in the Amazon Basin. The river has its source at the confluence of Espíritu Santo River and San Mateo River in the Cochabamba Department at Villa Tunari. It is the main waterway of Chapare Province. The fish Gephyrocharax chaparae is found in and named after the Chapare River.
 The Firehorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Reckingen in the canton of Valais. It lies south of the Oberaarrothorn between the Minstigergletscher and the Bächigletscher.
 Rumbling Hole is one of the many fenced-off sinkholes near the road on Leck Fell Lancashire England.
 Craig Cerrig-gleisiad is a subsidiary summit of Fan Fawr in the Fforest Fawr section of the Brecon Beacons National Park South Wales. It makes up half of the Craig Cerrig-gleisiad and Fan Frynych National Nature Reserve with its sister peak Fan Frynych.The summit is marked by a pile of stones and sits on the edge of steep north facing cliffs which provide one of the few habitats for Arctic–alpine plants this far south in the British Isles.
 Myeongjisan is a mountain in Gapyeong County Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1267 m (4157 ft).
 Lac Vert is a lake in the municipality of Passy Haute-Savoie France.
 Pic Paradis or Pic du Paradis (Paradise Peak in French) is the highest point in a chain of hills on the island of Saint Martin an overseas collectivity of France located in the Caribbean with an altitude of 424 metres (1391 ft) making it the highest point on the island.
 Adams Glacier is situated on the northwest flank of Mount Adams a 12281-foot (3743 m) stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Washington. Much of it becomes the source of Adams Creek a tributary of the Cispus River.
 Vermilyea Lake is a lake in the Hayes River drainage basin in Census Division No. 22 - Thompson-North Central Northern Region Manitoba Canada. It is shaped like the letter L on its side is about 9.3 kilometres (5.8 mi) long and 8.2 kilometres (5.1 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 184 metres (604 ft). The primary inflow is a channel from Touchwood Lake and the primary outflows are the twin channels of the Wesachewan River to Gods Lake.
 Lost Grove Lake is a reservoir currently being constructed in the rural part of the city of Eldridge and rural Scott County Iowa. Construction on the main ramp should begin in mid to late June and barring weather delays is expected to last two months. Once work on the main ramp is completed the gate will be closed. The completion timeline for the main middle and west ramps is March 2014.
 Herschel Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in Nares Strait west of Smith Sound. Ellesmere Island is to the east while Pim Island's Cape Sabine is to the northeast.
 Hillsdale Lake is a reservoir located in the northwestern part of Miami County in northeast Kansas and the central United States of America; it is approximately 30 mi (48 km) from Kansas City.
 Arnensee (French: Lac d'Arnon) is a lake in Canton of Berne Switzerland. The lake in the municipality of Gsteig is used as a reservoir by Romande Energie. The dam was built in 1942. Its volume is 10.5 mio m³ and surface area 0.456 km².
 Wolfegger Ach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Frăsiniș River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
 Lake Managua (Spanish pronunciation: [maˈnaɣwa]) (also known as Lake Xolotlán) (located at 12°20′N 86°25′W) is a lake in Nicaragua. The Spanish name is Lago de Managua or Lago Xolotlán. At 1042 km² it is approximately 65 kilometres (40 mi) long and 25 kilometres (16 mi) wide. Similarly to the name of Lake Nicaragua its name was coined by the Spanish conquerors from Mangue (their name for the Mánkeme tribes) and agua (water).
 Morača (Cyrillic: Морача pronounced [mǒrat͡ʃa]) is a river in Montenegro. It originates in northern Montenegro under Rzača mountain. It generally flows southwards for some 113 km (70 mi) before emptying into Lake Skadar.In its northern part the Morača is a fast mountain river and has cut a canyon north of Podgorica. After merging with its largest tributary Zeta just north of Podgorica the Morača enters the Zeta plain.
 Picketpost Mountain is located just outside the town of Superior Arizona approximately 40 miles (64 km) east of the Phoenix Metro Area. The mountain is located in the southern desert region of Tonto National Forest and is popular with hikers.
 The Putaendo River is a river of Chile.
 Mount Haig-Brown is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 22 km (14 mi) east of Gold River and 4 km (2 mi) south of Mount Filberg.
 The Pârâul Zânei is a tributary of the Ranții River in Romania.
 The Terpeș River is a tributary of the Someșul Cald River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Bârloagelor is a tributary of the Rudăreasa River in Romania
 Hoodoo Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. No trails lead to the lake but it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest road 666.Hoodoo Lake is upstream and southwest of the Slate Creek Hot Springs.
 Grizzly Peakelevation 13995 ft (4266 m) is the highest thirteener summit in Colorado. The mountain is composed of andesite lava flows and breccias of Oligocene age. It is located in the Sawatch Range on the Continental Divide on the border between Pitkin County and Chaffee County. Grizzly Peak is the 54th highest peak in Colorado by most standard definitions just missing the list of Colorado fourteeners.
 Speller Aa is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Saint Vrain Glaciers are small alpine glaciers located in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado. The glaciers are just south of Rocky Mountain National Park and east of the Continental Divide in northeast facing cirques.
 The Buhalnița River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui in the proximity of Buhalniţa.
 The Bristol Mountains are found in the Mojave Desert of California USA just west of Mojave National Preserve. The range which reaches an elevation of 3874 feet (1181 m) is located in San Bernardino County and crosses Interstate 40 between Ludlow and the Granite Mountains. At the southern end of the range lies the town of Amboy the Amboy Crater and Bristol Dry Lake.
 Hainerbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Pobijenik (Serbian Cyrillic: Побијеник) is a mountain in western Serbia between cities of Prijepolje and Priboj. Its highest peak Borak has an elevation of 1423 meters above sea level.
 Bates Pond is a 20-acre (81000 m2) pond in Carver Massachusetts. The pond is located south of Edaville Railroad. Huckleberry Corner lies along the southern shore of the pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native plants in the pond.
 The Illawarra escarpment or officially the Illawarra Range is the fold-created cliffs and plateau-eroded outcrop mountain range west of the Illawarra coastal plain south of Sydney in the state of New South Wales Australia. The range encloses the Illawarra region which stretches from Stanwell Park in the north to Kiama Gerringong and the Shoalhaven River in the south.
 The Broșteni River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Mount Pulong Bato is a monolith located in Zamboanga City at the Zamboanga Peninsula the western tip of the island of Mindanao in the Philippines. The mountain is situated in the Upper Abong-Abong Park in Barangay Pasonanca only a few kilometers away from the city's downtown section.
 The Middle Fork River is a 35.4-mile-long (57.0 km) tributary of the Tygart Valley River in north-central West Virginia USA. Via the Tygart Valley Monongahela and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 152 square miles (390 km2) on the easternmost part of the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau. According to the Geographic Names Information System the Middle Fork River has also been known simply as Middle Fork and as Middlefork.
 The Tour de Don (1998 m) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps located west of Vionnaz in the Swiss canton of Valais. The summit lies within a few hundreed metres from the border with France.
 Leading Creek is a tributary of the Tygart Valley River 17.4 miles (28.0 km) long in eastern West Virginia in the United States. Via the Tygart Valley Monongahela and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 61 square miles (160 km2) in the Allegheny Mountains.
 Vilovataya is a river in the Murmansk Oblast of Russia which flows directly into the White Sea. According to the Russian state registry of water it belongs to the Barents and White Sea basin district.
 Lake Letta is a natural freshwater lake in Highlands County Florida. It has a 478-acre (1930000 m2) surface area. It is bounded on the east and north by Florida State Highway 17 on the southeast by Lake Letta Drive on the south by citrus orchards on the west by Little Lake Bonnet and a golf course and on the northwest by pastures. It is connected to Little Lake Bonnet by a canal. Lake Letta is about 0.6 miles (0.97 km) southwest of the city limits of Avon Park Florida.
 Beinn Challuim (Gaelic: Beinn Chaluim) is a Scottish mountain located in the very northern part of the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park six kilometres east northeast of the village of Tyndrum in the Stirling Council area. The mountain stands in the Forest of Mamlorn an ancient deer forest in Breadalbane.
 Lake Banook is a freshwater lake located in Dartmouth within the Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia Canada. It is home to three sprint canoe and kayak clubs two rowing clubs and has a claim to be the birthplace of ice hockey.
 The Ghimbav River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of two headwaters: Cumpărata Mare and Cumpărata Mică
 The Livădeanu River is a tributary of the Sterminos River in Romania.
 Schwinge is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Bramschebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Arbuda Mountains is a mountain range described in the epic Mahabharata. It is identified to be the Mount Abu in southern Rajasthan India. This mountain is mentioned in the travels of Arjuna during his twelve-year pilgrimage.
 The Úhlava (German: Angel) is a 108 kilometres (67 mi) long river in the Czech Republic a right tributary of the Radbuza. Its source is situated on a slope of Pancíř mountain in the Šumava mountains Klatovy District at an elevation of 1214 metres (3983 ft). It passes the villages and towns Nýrsko Janovice Bezděkov Klatovy Švihov Lužany and Přeštice before flowing into the river Radbuza at the south edge of Plzeň. Its major affluent is the Chodská Úhlava.
 The North Laramie River is a tributary of the Laramie River 86.4 miles (139.0 km) long in southeastern Wyoming in the United States.It rises in the Medicine Bow National Forest in the Laramie Mountains in northern Albany County. It flows south then east-northeast and east emerging from the mountains and joining the Laramie River approximately 5 miles (8 km) north of Wheatland.
 The Pârâul Uscat is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania.
 Feather River is a stream 17 miles (27 km) long on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. Flowing west in the Nome mining district it debouches a little north of Cape Woolley on the Bering Sea. Its creeks include Livingston from the east; Thistle and Wills from the north; and Johnston from the east.
 Cuciurgan Reservoir (Kuchurhan in Ukrainian; Kuchurgan in Russian) is a large water reservoir (lake) in Transnistria Moldova.The lake is located in the extreme south of the region on the border with the Odessa Oblast in Ukraine and its water resources are shared between the two countries. It was created by damming the Kuchurhan River just north of where it flows into the Dniester. The reservoir is 20 km long and has a width of 3 km at the side of the dam.
 Pigna Barney River a partly perennial river of the Manning River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter district of New South Wales Australia.
 Zoo Lake is a popular lake and public park in Johannesburg South Africa. It is part of the Hermann Eckstein Park and is opposite the Johannesburg Zoo. The Zoo Lake consists of two dams an upper feeder dam and a larger lower dam both constructed in natural marshland watered by the Parktown Spruit.
 Byglandsfjorden is a lake in the municipalities of Bygland and Evje og Hornnes in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is part of the river Otra flowing out of the Åraksfjorden. The villages of Byglandsfjord Lauvdal and Bygland are all located on the eastern shore of the lake.The SS Bjoren is a wood-fueled steamboat that travels on the Byglandsfjorden in the summers between the villages of Ose Bygland and Byglandsfjord.A special separate species of salmon occur in Byglandsfjorden called bleke.
 Finkenbach (Lutter) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Aisén River also spelled Aysén is a river of Chile located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region. The Aisén begins at the confluence of the Simpson River and the Mañiguales River.Puerto Aisén is located close to its mouth.
 The Leidhorn is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located east of Klosters in the canton of Graubünden. The mountain lies between the valleys of Schlappintal and Monbiel.
 The Bazalgette Range is a small mountain range on the Coast of British Columbia Canada to the northwest of Loughborough Inlet in the Discovery Islands region. It is named after Captain George Bazalgette commander of the Royal Marines Light Infantry in the Colony of British Columbia. The range is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains.
 Sturgeon Lake Caldera is a large extinct caldera complex in Kenora District of Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is one the world's best preserved mineralized Neoarchean caldera complexes containing well-preserved mafic-intermediate pillow lavas pillow breccias hyaloclastite and peperites submarine lava domes and dome-associated breccia deposits. The complex is some 2.7 billion years old with a minimum strike length of 30 km (19 mi).
 The Prince of Wales Mountains are a mountain range running along the central-east coast of Ellesmere Island Nunavut Canada. The range is one of the most northern ranges in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera which is a vast deeply dissected mountain range from Ellesmere Island to the northernmost tip of Labrador. The Prince of Wales Icefield lies mostly in the range.
 Mendon Peak is a mountain located in Rutland County Vermont. The mountain is a spur off the west side of the Coolidge Range of the Green Mountains and stands within the Calvin Coolidge State Forest. It is flanked to the east by Little Killington. Mendon Peak is on the Appalachian Mountain Club's list of the Hundred Highest peaks in New England.
 Roaring Fork Little Snake River is a 12.0-mile-long (19.3 km) tributary of the Little Snake River in Colorado and Wyoming. It flows from a source in the Medicine Bow National Forest of Carbon County Wyoming to a confluence with the Little Snake River in Routt County Colorado.
 The Bozovici River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 Schellenbeck is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Durgam Cheruvu is a freshwater lake located in Rangareddy district Andhra Pradesh India. The lake which is spread over 83 acres (34 ha) is located near the city of Hyderabad. The lake is also known as Secret Lake because it is hidden between the localities of Jubilee Hills and Madhapur.
 Wahlebach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Pumpkin Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana The glacier is northeast of Blackfoot Mountain and adjacent to Pumpelly Glacier the two glaciers separated by crevasses. Pumpkin Glacier covers approximately 35 acres (0.14 km2) at elevations between 8500 feet (2600 m) and 8000 feet (2400 m) above sea level. Pumpkin Glacier is immediately west of the Continental Divide.
 The Gogomain River is a 2.5-mile-long (4.0 km) stream in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is located in Raber Township in Chippewa County and flows into Munuscong Lake part of the St. Marys River waterway and an arm of Lake Huron.
 The Ogașu cu Raci is a tributary of the Gusec River in Romania.
 Humpback Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country and the Pisgah National Forest located southwest of Linville Falls. The mountain is accessible along the Blue Ridge Parkway which ride along its eastern slop. The peak reaches an elevation of 4245 feet (1294 m) in Avery County; while the overall mountain is also in McDowell County.
 Penyagalera (Catalan pronunciation: [ˌpɛɲəɣəˈɫɛɾə] locally: [ˌpeɲaɣaˈleɾa]) is a rocky mountain in the northern side of the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit Aragon Spain. Punta de Penyagalera the highest summit has an altitude of 1034.4 metres above sea level.Penyagalera the name of the mountain (penya rock and galera galley in Catalan) derives from the fact that it looks like a ship keel upwards from certain angles.
 The Cipciroj River is a tributary of the Ghezaş River in Romania.
 Heart Mountain is a mountain located in the Bow River valley just south of Exshaw Alberta. The peak was named in 1957 for the heart shaped layer of limestone near the top.The summit can be reached by following the northwest ridge starting from the Heart Creek Trail. It is an easy scramble with one moderate step. Being in the front ranges and only an hour from Calgary it sees many visitors year-round.
 Mount Davraz (Turkish: Davraz Dağı) also sometimes cited as Mount Davras is a mountain and a winter sports and ski resort in the Taurus Mountains in Isparta Province in southern Turkey. The nearest cities are the province seat of Isparta and its depending district of Eğirdir both of which are at a roughly equal distance of 25 km (16 mi) from the Davraz Ski Resort (Turkish: Isparta Davraz Kayak Merkezi).
 Emerald Peak elevation 13911 ft (4240 m) is a summit in the Collegiate Peaks of central Colorado. The mountain is northwest of Buena Vista in the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness.
 The Le Lièvre River (Rivière du Lièvre in French) is a river in western Quebec which flows south from the Mitchinamécus reservoir and empties into the Ottawa River at Masson-Angers. The river is 330 km in length and drains an area of 10400 km². The river's name comes from the French word for hare.At one time the river was used to transport logs downstream to sawmills located near the river's mouth. In 1928 a paper mill was built near the mouth of the river.
 Serra de l'Espina is a limestone mountain chain located at the north-eastern end of the Iberian System. It connects the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit mountain massif with the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range.The Serra de l'Espina ridge's highest point is L'Espina (1181.6 m). Other high peaks are Mola Carrascosa (1.025 m) Cap de la Faixa Blanca (1.023 m) Tossal de Montclí (960 m) and La Moleta d'Alfara (812 m).
 The Slăvuța River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
 The Pasărea River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Sergipe River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Tossal dels Tres Reis (Valencian pronunciation: [toˈsaɫ deɫs ˈtɾez ˈrejs]) or Tossal del Rei is a mountain of the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit massif Spain. It has an elevation of 1350 metres above sea level.Its name means 'Peak of the Three Kings' (or 'Peak of the King') and it is located where the borders of the ancient Kingdoms of Valencia Catalonia and Aragon meet.
 The Slobod River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Étangs de Vaux et de Baye is a group of lakes in Nièvre Burgundy France. At an elevation of 235 m their surface area is 2.2 km².
 The St. Johns-Indian River Barge Canal was a planned canal in the state of Florida 35.2 miles (56.6 km) in length and linking the Intracoastal Waterway and the Indian River 5 miles (8.0 km) south of Oak Hill with the St. Johns River originally intended to be just south of Lake Harney but later shifted to be near Lake Monroe with all but three miles of the route within Volusia County.
 Jánské kameny (German: Johannisstein) is a mountain in the Lusatian Mountains on the border of Germany and the Czech Republic.
 Mount Okmok is the highest point on the rim of Okmok Caldera (Unmagim Anatuu in Aleut) on the northeastern part of Umnak Island in the eastern Aleutian Islands of Alaska USA. This 5.8 mile (9.3 km) wide circular caldera truncates the top of a large shield volcano. A crater lake once filled much of the caldera to a depth of over 500 feet (150 m) but the lake ultimately drained through a notch eroded in the northeast rim.
 Lauritsen is a lunar crater that is located just behind the east-southeastern limb of the Moon. While it lies on the far side from the Earth it is still possible to catch a glimse of this area under favorable conditions of libration and illumination. The crater is situated roughly equidistant from Titius to the east and Donner to the southeast so that the three form an equilateral triangle.
 The Racovița River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Voyampolsky (Russian: Воямпольский) is a volcano located in the northern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It is composed of two shield volcanoes Voyampolsky and Kakhtana. Voyampolsky is the highest one. Headwaters of the Kakhtana River are located nearby.
 Pine Tree Run is a tributary of Pike Run in Somerset County New Jersey in the United States.
 The Roya (French) Roia (Italian) or Ròia (Brigasc Occitan) is a 59 km river of France and Italy. The river rises in French territory near the Col de Tende and flows through the Mercantour National Park The river passes through the communes of Tende Saorge Breil-sur-Roya La Brigue before entering Italy in the commune of Olivetta San Michele. The remainder of its course remains within the province of Imperia and after crossing Airole the river enters the sea at Ventimiglia.
 Koroivonu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Union Creek is a 15-mile (24 km) long tributary of the Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Beginning west of Union Peak in the Cascade Range it flows through the Rogue River – Siskiyou National Forest to meet the Rogue at Union Creek and the Union Creek Historic District.The creek begins near Rocktop Butte and flows north through Jackson County roughly parallel to the nearby border of Crater Lake National Park and the Jackson–Klamath county line which are on the right.
 Zwischenahner Meer is a lake in Ammerland Lower Saxony Germany. At an elevation of ca. 5 m its surface area is 5.5 km².
 The Râul Scurt is a tributary of the Putna Noroioasă River in Romania.
 Kleine Röder is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Goodga River is a river in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.The river is located within the boundaries of Two Peoples Bay Nature Reserve about 15 kilometres (9 mi) east of Albany.The river rises to the North of Reservoir Hill and flows in a southerly direction until it discharges into Moates Lake.The name was first recorded in 1913 by a surveyor and is thought to be of Aboriginal origin.The river is home to the endangered fish the Trout Minnow (Galaxias truttaceus) which only occurs between the Goodga and the Angove River. 
 Wiesent is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Noejeongsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 991 metres.
 Furlbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ruang is the southernmost stratovolcano in the Sangihe Islands arc. It comprises an island 4 × 5 km wide. The summit contains a partial lava dome. The first recorded eruption was in 1808.
 Naruko (鳴子火山群 Naruko kazangun) is a stratovolcano located in Ōsaki Miyagi Prefecture Japan. The volcano consists of a 7 km wide caldera with several lava domes. The summit of the 461 m high Mt. Kurumigatake is one of the four lava domes located in the center of the caldera. The volcano is well known because of its relationship to the Naruko Hot Springs Villages. However its lack of well-defined features makes it difficult to recognize for a casual observer.
 This article is about Beacon Hill a traprock landform in Branford Connecticut. For other places by the same name see Beacon HillBeacon Hill (est.) 130 feet (40 m) above sea level is a traprock outcrop located 1.2 miles (1.9 km) southeast of New Haven Connecticut overlooking the mouth of the Farm River 1.2 miles north of Long Island Sound.
 Sølen also called Rendalssølen Søln and Rendalssøln is a mountain in Rendalen municipality in Hedmark Norway. The mountain has three peaks Nordre Sølen 1699 m (5574 ft) Midtre Sølen 1755 m (5758 ft) Søre Sølen 1688 m (5538 ft)The three peaks and their saddles make the mountain distinct from a long distance.
 Lake Suğla (Turkish: Suğla Gölü) is a large lake in Konya Province southwestern part of Turkey. It is located at around 37.3375°N 32.0322222°E﻿ / 37.3375; 32.0322222. It has an area of 25–80 km². The water level in the lake fluctuates. Lake Suğla is also an important wetland site for birds.
 Sprotte is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Piz Terza (also known as Urtirolaspitz) is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland.The closest locality is Müstair.
 Hayeswater is a small lake within the Lake District of Cumbria England.The lake is situated about a mile (1.6 km) SE of the hamlet of Hartsop in the Patterdale Valley. It nestles between The Knott to its west and Gray Crag to the east and it is at an altitude of almost 1400 feet (425 m). The lake is natural but was dammed in 1908 to provide a reservoir serving the Cumbrian town of Penrith.
 Gießgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Ruchishi (ルチシ山 Ruchishi-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Loch Thom is a reservoir which since 1827 has provided a water supply to the town of Greenock in Inverclyde Scotland. It is named after the civil engineer Robert Thom who designed the scheme which created the reservoir and delivered water via a long aqueduct known as The Cut.
 Šakarvai Lake is in the Ignalina district of eastern Lithuania Aukštaitija National Park about 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) southwest of Palūšė village. The lake connects with Lake Lūšiai and Lake Žeimenys.
 Grafton Notch is a notch or mountain pass located in Oxford County Maine. The notch demarks the northeastern end the Mahoosuc Range and thus of the White Mountains. Maine State Route 26 passes through the notch.North of the height of land the notch drains into the Swift Cambridge River then into the Dead Cambridge River and Umbagog Lake the source of the Androscoggin River which drains into Merrymeeting Bay the estuary of the Kennebec River and thence into the Gulf of Maine.
 Loch Etchachan is an exceedingly remote freshwater loch set deep within the central Cairngorms plateau in the Cairngorms National Park located in the eastern Highlands of Scotland. It is the highest waterbody of its size in the UK the surface being 927 metres (3041 ft) above sea level.
 The Turișor River is a tributary of the Tur River in Romania.
 The Valea Papii River ( Hungarian: Válje Papii-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 The Gander (also called Altbach in France) is a river which flows in Luxembourg and in the French département Moselle tributary of the Moselle River (left side). Its source is in the commune of Frisange southern Luxembourg. It flows generally southeast and from Altwies until Emerange (commune of Burmerange) it forms the French-Luxembourgish border. From Emerange until its outflow into the Moselle at Haute-Kontz it flows through France. The largest town on the Gander is Mondorf-les-Bains.
 The Vidourle (Vidorle in occitan) is a river in southern France flowing into the Mediterranean Sea in Le Grau-du-Roi. Its source is in the Cévennes mountains northwest of Saint-Hippolyte-du-Fort at Saint-Roman-de-Codières. It flows generally southeast.
 Mount Jurupa is the highest point of the Jurupa Mountains being located in northwestern Riverside County California. The summit is just south of the Riverside – San Bernardino county line.
 The Little Saint Roch River (French: Rivière du Rochu) is a river in Quebec and Maine. From its source (47°07′05″N 69°44′56″W) in L'Islet RCM the river runs south and southeast across the Canada – United States border to the Shields Branch of the Big Black River in Maine Township 15 Range 15 WELS.
 Lambs Knoll is a peak of South Mountain on the border of Washington County and Frederick County in the state of Maryland United States. The 1758 feet (536 m) peak is the second tallest on South Mountain in Maryland behind Quirauk Mountain.
 Griffith Peak is located in the Spring Mountains in Clark County of southern Nevada. It is approximately 28 miles (45 km) northwest of the Las Vegas Strip and 3.9 miles (6.3 km) southeast of Mount Charleston.Griffith Peak is Nevada's 43rd highest peak and the third highest peak in southern Nevada.
 The Walenmatt (or Walenmattweid) is a mountain of the Jura located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Solothurn. It lies between Crémines and Welschenrohr.
 Lamberton Lake is a 28.5-acre (115000 m2) freshwater lake located in Kent County in Western Michigan. The lake is approximately 1700 feet (520 m) long and 1040 feet (320 m) wide and is centered at 43.02°N 85.63°W﻿ / 43.02; -85.63 just within the city limits in northeast Grand Rapids.
 Skunk Creek is a 12.3-mile-long (19.8 km) stream in Lake County Minnesota United States. It is a tributary of the Gooseberry River.
 Priesterbäker See is a lake in Müritz National Park Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.6 m its surface area is 1.53 km².
 For the Australian 'Blue Rock Lake' see Blue Rock DamBlue Rock Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake or the Goat Creek drainage.Blue Rock Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 The Tayota River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Weston Reservoir is part of the greater Boston water supply maintained by the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority. Until the 1960s the Weston Reservoir was one of two distribution reservoirs close to Boston receiving water from the Wachusett Reservoir via the Weston Aqueduct (placed in service in December 1903) which in turn received water from a connection to the Hultman Aqueduct in Southborough.
 The Waimangarara River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally south from its origins in the Seaward Kaikoura Range to reach the Pacific Ocean five kilometres north of Kaikoura.
 The Curnow Range is a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada.
 The River Cray is a tributary of the River Darent in southern England. It rises in Priory Gardens in Orpington in the London Borough of Bromley where rainwater permeates the chalk bedrock and forms a pond at the boundary between the chalk and impermeable clay. It then flows northwards past the industrial and residential area of St Mary Cray through St Paul's Cray where there was once a paper mill through Foots Cray and enters the parkland of Foots Cray Meadows.
 Pinnacle Peak is a granite summit located in Scottsdale Arizona. The peak rises to an elevation of 3169 feet (966 m). It is located within the 150-acre (61 ha) Pinnacle Peak Park operated by the City of Scottsdale Park District. Part of the Sonoran Desert the park is home to a variety of flora and fauna including saguaro cacti and gila monsters. Hikers utilize a 1.75 mile trail to explore the area though rock climbing skills are needed to reach the summit.
 Y Groes Fagl is a top of Cyrniau Nod in north east Wales. It forms a part of the Berwyn range known as the Hirnantau. Its summit has the Snowdonia National Park boundary located just to the east of it.The views from the summit are extensive if unremarkable due to the featureless flat moorland surroundings. The summit is marked by a post. To the north the ridge continues to Foel Cwm Sian Llwyd.
 Canyon Lake is a reservoir on the Guadalupe River in the Texas Hill Country in the United States. Canyon Lake is a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers reservoir formed on the Guadalupe River in Comal County by Canyon Dam which is located about sixteen miles northwest of New Braunfels. The dam lake and all adjacent property are managed by the U.S. Army Corps Of Engineers.
 Turtle Lake is an east-west trending lake in Strathy Township Temagami Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It lies in the Sherman Mine property between the South and East pits. It is also the location of an abandoned jack ladder along its southern shore that floated logs to the former Milne sawmill in the Milne Townsite.
 Lägh dal Lunghin (German: Lunghinsee) is a lake at an elevation of 2484 m below the peak of Piz Lunghin in the Graubünden Switzerland. It is considered the source of the Inn River.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Mateieș River is a tributary of the Cusuiuș River in Romania.
 Grisedale Tarn is a tarn in the Lake District between Fairfield and Dollywagon Pike.It is the legendary resting place of the crown of the kingdom of Cumbria after the crown was conveyed there in 945 by soldiers of the last king Dunmail after he was slain in battle with the combined forces of the English and Scottish kings.Grisedale Tarn is around 1770 ft in altitude and has a depth of around 110 ft. It holds brown trout perch and eels.
 Mason Lake is a naturally occurring mountain lake located between Mount Defiance and Bandera Mountain near Snoqualmie Pass King County Washington. Accessible only by hike via the 3.4 mile-long Mason Lake Trail (also known as Ira Spring Memorial Trail) Mason Lake is at an elevation of 4200 feet
 Saltoro Kangri is the highest peak of the Saltoro Mountains better known as the Saltoro Range which is a part of the Karakoram. It is the 31st highest mountain in the world but it is in a very remote location deep in the Karakoram. It is located in Ghanche District of Baltistan.
 Horsepen Mountain is a mountain of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians on the border of Logan and Mingo Counties West Virginia United States. It is the highest point in Mingo County. The Mingo Lookout Tower is located on the mountain.
 The Gaura River is a headwater of the Șimon River in Romania.
 Lodalskåpa is the highest nunatak on the glacier Jostedalsbreen. It is located on the border between the municipalities of Stryn and Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway within Jostedalsbreen National Park.The 2083-metre (6834 ft) tall Lodalskåpa is located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) north of Brenibba and 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northeast of Høgste Breakulen mountain.
 The Apa Lină River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
 Belava (Serbian Cyrillic: Белава) is a mountain in eastern Serbia near the town of Bela Palanka. Its highest peak Kardašica has an elevation of 946 meters above sea level.
 The Dry River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Aluniș River is a tributary of the Homorodul Mic River in Romania.
 The Skagit Range is a subrange of the Cascade Range in southwestern British Columbia Canada and northwestern Washington United States which are known in Canada as the Canadian Cascades or officially the Cascade Mountains.
 Lake Cerrillos (Spanish: Lago Cerrillos) is a man-made lake located in barrio Maraguez Ponce Puerto Rico. The lake was finished in 1992 by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The main purposes of the reservoir are flood control water supply and recreation. There is a variety of fish available for fishing such as largemouth bass bluegills catfish and tilapias. The 1993 Central American and Caribbean Games that were held in Ponce staged the canoeing competitions in this lake.
 Centennial Lake is a reservoir lake in the Township of Greater Madawaska Renfrew County and the Township of North Frontenac Frontenac County in Eastern Ontario Canada. It is on the Madawaska River and is part of the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin.The lake is L shaped with the downstroke oriented northwest/southeast and the cross stroke oriented northeast/southwest.
 The Nüenchamm (1904 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking the Walensee in the canton of Glarus. It is located west of the Mürtschenstock between the Linth valley and the valley of the Talalpsee.
 Sam Rayburn Reservoir is a reservoir in the United States located in Southeast Texas 70 mi (110 km) north of Beaumont. The reservoir is fed by the Angelina River the major tributary of the Neches River. The capacity of the reservoir is 3997600 acre feet (4.9310×109 m3) and is the largest lake wholly located within the state of Texas. The reservoir is operated by the United States Army Corps of Engineers Fort Worth district.
 The Rocher du Midi is a mountain in the western Bernese Alps overlooking Château d'Oex in the canton of Vaud. It is located on the massif between the valley of the Sarine and L'Etivaz and culminating at the Gummfluh.
 The Negrileasa River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania.
 Exile Hill is an isolated hill in the Spectrum Range of northern British Columbia Canada located southeast of Mess Lake. It lies at the southern end of Mount Edziza Provincial Park.
 The Groapa Copacului River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Black Loch (NS 59057 161720) is a freshwater loch named from its dark waters situated in the East Ayrshire Council Area between Cumnock and New Cumnock lying in a glacial Kettle Hole mainly within the Parish of New Cumnock a small portion protruding into Old Cumnock Parish. It is said to be one of only two lochs or lakes in the world that have outflows running to two separate destinations.
 Salmon Creek is an 18.3-mile-long (29.5 km) stream in western Sonoma County California that springs from coastal hills west of the town of Occidental and empties into the Pacific Ocean north of Bodega Head.
 The Juazeiro River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Konnevesi is a lake in Finland. Konnevesi is a rather large lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the regions Pohjois-Savo and Keski-Suomi. There is a plan (year 2014) to establish a new National Park to the Southern Konnevesi.
 Chong Ch'ol is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 162 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Chong Ch'ol is named for the Korean poet Jeong Cheol who lived from 1536 to 1593.
 San Bruno Mountain in northern San Mateo County California is the northernmost part of the Santa Cruz Mountains. Most of the mountain lies within the 2326-acre (941 ha) San Bruno Mountain State Park a unique open-space island in the midst of the San Francisco Peninsula's urbanization. Next to the state park is the 83-acre (34 ha) state San Bruno Mountain Ecological Reserve on the north slope.
 The Möll (presumably from Slovene: Mel rubble) is a left tributary of the Drava River in northwestern Carinthia in Austria.
 Stampede Pass is a mountain pass through the Cascade Range just south of Snoqualmie Pass in Washington. Its importance to transportation lies almost entirely with railroading as no paved roads cross it. The pass and the tunnel which takes advantage of it the 1.86 mile Stampede Tunnel played a significant role in the history of the Northern Pacific Railway.
 The Smestow Brook sometimes called the River Smestow is a small river that plays an important part in the drainage of Wolverhampton South Staffordshire and parts of Dudley in the United Kingdom and has contributed to the industrial development of the Black Country. It is the most important tributary of the River Stour Worcestershire and part of the River Severn catchment.
 Malmsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Bicăcel River is a tributary of the Hidişel River in Romania.
 The Chiua Mică River is a headwater of the Chiua River in Romania.
 Lake Dasay is the second largest mountain lake after Lake Wood in the province of Zamboanga del Sur Philippines. With an elevation of about 230 meters it covers a 40-hectare area surrounded by forestland and is located in the town of San Miguel. Its luscious mouth is parted like the smile of a country damsel yet silent fury lurks beneath its innocent-looking waters.
 Pyramid Lake is the geographic sink of the Truckee River Basin 40 mi (64 km) northeast of Reno.Pyramid Lake is fed by the Truckee River which is mostly the outflow from Lake Tahoe. The Truckee River enters Pyramid Lake at its southern end. Pyramid Lake has no outlet with water leaving only by evaporation or sub-surface seepage (an endorheic lake). The lake has about 10% of the area of the Great Salt Lake but it has about 25% more volume. The salinity is approximately 1/6 that of sea water.
 Schwarzenbach (Obere Argen) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Halstenbach (Agger) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Charity Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island is an expansion of Ralph River south of Mount Albert Edward in Strathcona Provincial Park
 Sylvan Pass (el. 8524 feet (2598 m)) is a mountain pass located in the Absaroka Range in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming. The pass provides access to the park from the east entrance.The pass was named after nearby Sylvan Lake (derived from medieval Latin sylvānus from Latin Silvānus god of the woods from silva forest) and was formed by frost action breaking the rocks. The park road through the pass was closed during winter but is now open to visitors throughout winter.
 Eagle Lake is a lake in Alberta. It is located just southeast of the town of Strathmore.
 Law Hill is a hill in the North Ayrshire town of West Kilbride overlooking the Firth of Clyde and the hills of Arran beyond. The summit rises above the village with nearby Law Castle a few minutes walk away.On the farm road which approaches the peak there are a number of green huts which are used as holiday dwellings or allotments.
 The Valea Izvorului River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
 The Urdești River is a tributary of the Elan River in Romania.
 Sahand (Persian/Azeri: سهند) is a massive heavily eroded stratovolcano in northwestern Iran. At 3707 m (12162 ft) it is the highest mountain in the Iranian province of East Azarbaijan.It is one of the highest mountains in Iranian Azerbaijan in addition to being an important dormant volcano in the country. The Sahand mountains are directly south of Tabriz the highest peak of which is Kamal at an altitude of 3707 m.. Approximately 17 peaks can be accounted for as being over 3000 m.
 Griessee is a lake in Valais Switzerland. The reservoir is located in the municipality of Ulrichen and can be reached by road from Nufenen Pass. The lake is fed by the Gries Glacier. Its surface area is 55.5 ha.The gravity dam Gries was built in 1965.
 The Sucarnoochee River is a river in Kemper County Mississippi and Sumter County Alabama. It originates at 32.69877°N 88.48470°W﻿ / 32.69877; -88.48470 near Porterville Mississippi and discharges into the Tombigbee River at 32.42322°N 88.04564°W﻿ / 32.42322; -88.04564. It is 49.5 miles (79.7 km) long and drains an area of 607 square miles (1570 km2).
 Skarvsenden is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Kunturiri (Aymara kunturi condor -ri Aymara suffix hispanicized spelling Condoriri) also known as Nevado Condoriri is a mountain in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia about 5648 metres (18530 ft) high. It is also the name of the whole massif. Kunturiri is located in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Pukarani Municipality south east of Chachakumani and north west of Wayna Potosí.
 The About this sound Zaber is a minor tributary of the River Neckar in Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is some 22 km in length and joins the Neckar from the west at Lauffen am Neckar. It has given its name to the Zabergäu the area between the Heuchelberg and Stromberg hills.CourseThe Zaber rises in the Stromberg to the south of the town of Zaberfeld and flows initially into a reservoir known as the Ehmetsklinge.
 Dixons Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Białe Jezioro (Kashubian: Biôłé Jezoro) is a lake in Poland Pomeranian Voivodship in Bytów County with an area of the lake 95200 m.²The lake is in the source area of the Wieprza river.
 The Tallaboa River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Milany is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1533 metres above sea level.
 Lake Josephine is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Swiftcurrent Lake is immediately to the northeast of Lake Josephine and the two lakes are separated by a short (.3 miles (0.48 km)) stream. Lake Josephine is accessible via the Grinnell Glacier Trail which follows the west shoreline of the lake for 1 mile (1.6 km).
 The Harraseeket River is a 3.2-mile-long (5.1 km) tidal river in the town of Freeport within the U.S. state of Maine. It forms a northern arm of Casco Bay.
 The Balonne River part of the Murray-Darling Basin system is a short but important part of the inland river group of South West Queensland. This river is a continuation of the Condamine River. After flowing through Surat the river flows south south-westerly down through the E.J.
 Eldrevatnet or Eldrevatn is a lake in the municipality of Lærdal in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 3.48-square-kilometre (1.34 sq mi) lake lies at an elevation of 1116 metres (3661 ft) above sea level. It is located about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) southeast of the village of Borgund not far from the European route E16 highway and the Filefjell Kongevegen road. The lake Øljusjøen lies 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) south of the lake.
 Lindenau is a lunar impact crater. It is located beside the east-southeastern rim of the crater Zagut and to the northeast of Rabbi Levi. To the northeast is the slightly smaller crater Rothmann and the Rupes Altai scarp. It is 53 kilometers in diameter and 2.9 kilometers deep.The rim of this crater has received very little wear in contrast to the neighboring craters to the west and southwest.
 The São Pedro River (Macaé River) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Motto della Tappa (also known as Cima Verta) is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps located on the Swiss-Italian border.
 The Sferidinu River is a tributary of the Belareca River in Romania.
 Dick's Knob with an elevation of 4620 feet (1408 m) is the third-highest peak in the State of Georgia if using a 200 ft. prominence rule. It is located in Rabun County Georgia and is the second-highest mountain in the county. It is located in the Southern Nantahala Wilderness in the Chattahoochee National Forest.
 Stille is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Valea Fânețelor is a tributary of the Gârbova River in Romania.
 The Smith River (Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.
 Dortenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Bara River (Pashto: باړه سیند‎; Urdu: دریائے باڑہ ‎) is a river in Khyber Agency and Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pakistan. The Bara River originates in the Tirah Valley of Bara Tehsil Khyber Agency. It joins the Kabul River Canal which originates from the Warsak Dam and enters Peshawar. Then it flows in the North-easterly direction to the Nowshera District eventually joining the Kabul River near Camp Koruna Akbarpura.
 Big Shale Hill is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It is assumed that it was named because of the thick layer of shale on the mountain.
 Barrett Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Kvitingskjølen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Mount Antero /ænˈtɛroʊ/ is the eleventh highest peak in Colorado with an elevation of 14276 feet (4351 m). Also known as Antero Peak it is named for Chief Antero of the Uintah band of Utes. It is located in the central Sawatch Range in Chaffee County between the towns of Buena Vista and Salida. The mountain itself is prized for its gemstone deposits and has one of the highest concentrations of aquamarine in the country.
 The Fundão River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Boorowa River a perennial stream that is part of the Lachlan catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the central–western region of New South Wales Australia.The river rises about 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) north of Yass and flows generally north joined by two minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Lachlan River about 18 kilometres (11 mi) south–east of Cowra; dropping 318 metres (1043 ft) over its course of 134 kilometres (83 mi).The river flows through the town of Boorowa; from where it draws its name an Aboriginal Wiradjuri word for kangaroo.
 The Jariștea Mare River is a tributary of the Mândra River in Romania.
 Carlisle Bay is a small natural harbor located in the southwest region of Barbados. The island nation's capital Bridgetown is situated on this bay which has been turned into a marine park. Carlisle Bay's marine park is a popular spot on the island for scuba diving. Many relics like anchors and cannon balls from ships can be found on the ocean floor in Carlisle Bay.The bay takes its name from Barbados' second Lord Proprietor James Hay 1st Earl of Carlisle.
 Punga Mare /ˈpʌŋə/[citation needed] is a lake in the north polar region of Titan the planet Saturn's largest moon. After Kraken Mare and Ligeia Mare it is the third largest known body of liquid on Titan. It is composed of liquid hydrocarbons (mainly methane and ethane). Located almost adjacent to the north pole at 85.1° N 339.7° W it measures roughly 380 km (236 mi) across greater than the length of Lake Victoria on Earth.
 Jabal Yibir (Arabic: جبل يبر‎) is a 1527 m (5010 ft) tall mountain in the United Arab Emirates and is the country's highest named point. It is located in the Hajar Mountains near 25°40′0″N 56°8′0″E.The highest point in the UAE is an unnamed knoll of about 1910 m just across the border from Jabal Bil Ays in Oman.It is also mentioned in the preference of jebal hafeet.
 Museongsan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 614 metres.
 Grandglaize Creek is a creek and tributary to the Osage River that forms the Grand Glaize Arm of the Lake of the Ozarks in Missouri. The creek flows for 10 miles (16 km) before reaching the Lake of the Ozarks and the Grand Glaize Arm extends another 15 miles (24 km) before reaching the Osage River within the lake.The creek as recognized by the Geographic Names Information System (GNIS) is spelled as one word. However it is widely spelled as two words Grand Glaize.
 The Drajna River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Glinder Au is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 The Cătina River is a tributary of the Măcăria River in Romania.
 Mount Helmer is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1924 after Helmer Brigadier-General Richard Alexis.
 Thamserku is a mountain in the Himalaya of eastern Nepal. The mountain is connected by a ridge leading eastward to Kangtega. Thamserku is a prominent mountain to the east of Namche Bazaar and lies just north of Kusum Kangguru.
 East Lake Tohopekaliga (East Lake Toho for short) is a lake in Osceola County Florida United States. It is the primary inflow of Boggy Creek which rises in the Orlando International Airport at 70 feet (21 m) above sea level. Three places surround the lake they are St.
 The Frankland River is a river in the great southern region of Western Australia. The Frankland River is the largest river by volume in the region and the eighth largest in the state.The Gordon River a tributary of the Frankland river has its source south-west of the town of Broomehill. The other two smaller tributaries are Towerlup Brook and Ornabullup Creek.The Walpole the Deep and the Frankland all flow into the Nornalup Inlet west of Walpole.
 The Curuá River (Amazon River) is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Mălăița River is a tributary of the Mălaia River in Romania.
 Ganekogorta is a mountain in the border of the provinces of Biscay and Alava (Basque Country Spain) just between Bilbao and Llodio. It has a height of 998 m AMSL and it's the main peak of a massif that comprises some smaller mountains like Pagasarri Ganeta Pasatorenkorta Arnotegi or Arraiz. The northern slopes of the massif form part of the city of Bilbao.
 Głuszyńskie is a lake in Poland near the city of Radziejów in the Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodship.
 Vestre Bjonevatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Ringerike in Buskerud county and Søndre Land and Gran in Oppland county Norway.
 The Valea Salciei River is a tributary of the Godinești River in Romania.
 The Boa Esperança River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Täfelberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Șoimuș River or Lazuri River is a tributary of the Roşia River in Romania.
 The Sauble River is a river in Bruce County and Grey County in southwestern Ontario Canada that flows from its headwaters in the township of Chatsworth to Lake Huron at the community of Sauble Beach.
 Ngoring Lake（Tibetan: མཚོ་སྔོ་རིང་ Wylie: mtsho sngo ring）or Ngoreng Lake (Tibetan: མཚོ་སྔོ་རེངས Wylie: mtsho sngo rengs) or Eling Lake (Chinese: 鄂陵湖; pinyin: èlíng Hú) is a large freshwater lake in the Yellow River catchment it is in the southeast of Qinghai Province.The name of lake means Long Blue Lake in Tibetan language. Ngoring Lake is 610.7 km 2 with a drainage area of 18188 km 2 an elevation of 4268 m length 32.3 km and mean width 18.9 km (max 31.6 m).
 Eschach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Wetzstein is a mountain of southeastern Thuringia Germany part of the Thuringian Highland. It is located south of Lehesten. In 2004 the Altvaterturm was built on the summit as a replica of the tower that stood on the mountain Praděd (German: Altvater eastern Czech Republic) until 1959.
 Sognsvann (or Sognsvannet) is a 3.3km circumference lake just north of Oslo Norway. Lying just within the greenbelt around Oslo the lake is a popular recreational area used as a camping picnicking and bathing destination for the residents of Oslo during the summer as well as a cross-country skiing skating and ice fishing destination in the winter. The trail around it is used for walking or jogging all year.
 The Ely Springs Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada.
 The Taringamotu River is a river of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island. It rises at the southern end of the Hauhungaroa Range flowing generally west to meet the Ongarue River part of the Whanganui River system close to the town of Taumarunui.
 The Valea Cheii River is a tributary of the Gemenea River in Romania.
 Rankine is a small lunar impact crater near the eastern limb of the Moon. It lies on the southern floor of the satellite crater Maclaurin B a 43-kilometer-diameter feature which is located to the southeast of Maclaurin. To the east of Rankine is the crater Gilbert and directly to the south is von Behring.This is an insignificant bowl-shaped formation with a negligible interior floor.
 The Biguaçu River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Strungăria River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Edelbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Broghol also spelled Broghil Boroghil and several other ways (el. 3798 m./12460 ft) is a high mountain pass along the Durand Line border that crosses the Hindu Kush mountain range and connects Wakhan District of Badakhshan Province Afghanistan with Chitral District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pakistan.Broghol is a relatively low pass.
 Räterichsbodensee is a lake in Guttannen Oberhasli Switzerland. The reservoir has a volume of 25 mio m³ and a surface area is 0.67 km².
 The Sălătrucel River or Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Pătești River
 The Izvorul Craiului River is a tributary of the Cormaia River in Romania.
 The Elzbach (also: Elz) is a small river in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany a left tributary of the Moselle. It rises in the Eifel near Kelberg. The Elz flows through Monreal and along the castle Burg Eltz. It flows into the Moselle in Moselkern in the Verbandsgemeinde of Treis-Karden.
 Sepoti River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Jebel Zem-Zem (Monte Sem-Sem) is the name given to a mountain located morth of M'diq below Fnideq in northern Morocco below the Spanish enclave of Ceuta. It is two miles south west of the tourist resort Punta Restinga on the eastern coast. On its northern lower slopes lies an abandoned and ruined fort called Fortin Negron.
 Becquerel is a 167 km-diameter crater at 22.1°N 352.0°E on Mars in Arabia Terra. It is named after Antoine H. Becquerel.Photographs by the Mars Global Surveyor revealed layered sedimentary rocks in the crater. The layers appear to be only a few meters thick and show little variations in thickness. Recent studies with HiRISE have determined the exact thickness of the layers.
 The Heveder River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Mount Wilcox (also known as Wilcox Peak) is a mountain in Alberta Canada.It is located in Jasper National Park right beside the Columbia Icefield visitor centre. The mountain was named by J. Norman Collie in 1898 after Walter D. Wilcox an early explorer of the Canadian Rockies.Mount Wilcox is a moderate scramble from Wilcox Pass. Because of its location it provides one of the best views of the Athabasca Glacier.
 Artillery Lake is a lake in the Northwest Territories Canada about 20 miles east of Great Slave Lake. George Back reached it in 1834.
 The Soana is a small 24 km torrent of the Province of Turin Piedmont in north-west Italy draining a basin of some 214 square kilometres (83 sq mi). Its headwaters are above Pianprato in Valprato Soana where a number of smaller torrents converge. It is the principal tributary of the Orco which it joins at Pont Canavese.
 Lake Albano (Italian: Lago Albano or Lago di Castel Gandolfo) is a small volcanic crater lake in the Alban Hills of Lazio at the foot of Monte Cavo 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of Rome. Castel Gandolfo overlooking the lake is the site of the Papal Palace of Castel Gandolfo.In Roman times it was known as Albanus Lacus and lay not far from the ancient city of Alba Longa.With a depth of about 170 m (560 ft) Lake Albano is the deepest in Lazio.
 Katepwa Lake is a recreational lake in the Qu’appelle Valley within the Resort Village of District of Katepwa. Along the lake are walking paths a nature trail and a golf course. The Resort villages of Katepwa Katepwa Beach Katepwa South and Sandy Beach are located along the shores of the lake.
 The Mangfall Mountains (German: Mangfallgebirge) or sometimes Mangfall Alps are the easternmost part of the Bavarian Prealps that in turn belong to the Northern Limestone Alps. The name comes from the River Mangfall whose tributaries the Rottach Weißach Schlierach and Leitzach drain large parts of the area and form an important drinking water reservoir for the city of Munich.
 Challenger Point elevation 14087 ft (4294 m) is a fourteener in the Sangre de Cristo Range of southern Colorado. The summit is on the northwest shoulder of Kit Carson Mountain and is a subpeak of the latter. It was renamed in memory of the seven astronauts who died when the Space Shuttle Challenger disintegrated shortly after liftoff on January 28 1986.
 Brusdalsvatnet is a large lake on the island of Oksenøya in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The lake sits on the border between Ålesund Municipality and Skodje Municipality. The lake is a reservoir that is the water supply for the nearby city of Ålesund. The 7.3-square-kilometre (2.8 sq mi) lake is about 9.5 by 1.3 kilometres (5.90 mi × 0.81 mi).
 Bear Mountain is one of the best-known peaks of New York's Hudson Highlands. Located mostly in Orange County's Town of Highlands it lends its name to a nearby bridge and the state park that contains it. Its summit accessible by a paved road has several roadside viewpoints a picnic area and observatory the Perkins Memorial Tower. It is crossed by several hiking trails as well including the oldest section of the Appalachian Trail (AT).
 The Cerchezoaia River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 The Orange River is a short river in Whiting Maine.From the outflow of Orange Lake (44°45′57″N 67°14′18″W) the river runs 4.8 miles (7.7 km) northeast to Whiting Bay.
 North Pass (el. 10149 ft.) is a mountain pass over the Continental Divide in Colorado traversed by state route 114 between Saguache Colorado and Gunnison Colorado. It is an all-weather paved road but as of 2011 there are no snowplows operating between 7 PM and 7 AM.
 The Balasan River is a tributary of the Sărăceaua River in Romania.
 Yeonyeopsan is a mountain in the city of Chuncheon and the county of Hongcheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 850 m (2789 ft).
 The Boul River is a tributary of the Muşa River in Romania.
 Rotenbach (Rems) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Nan River (Thai: แม่น้ำน่าน RTGS: Maenam Nan IPA: [mɛ̂ːnáːm nâːn]) is a river in Thailand. It is one of the most important tributaries of the Chao Phraya River.
 The Guaviare is a tributary of the Orinoco located in Colombia.The Guaviare has its source in two other rivers the Ariari and the Guayabero which in turn have their own sources in the eastern part of the Andes. At 1497 km (930 mi) long it is the longest river on the Orinoco and is navigable for 630 km (390 mi) of its total length. The Guaviare is considered the border between the Llanos and the Amazon Rainforest. Its main tributary is the Inírida River.
 Guavio River (Spanish: Río Guavio) is a river of central Colombia. It is a right tributary of the Upía River in the drainage area of the Orinoco.Important tributaries are the Chivor and Garagoa Rivers.The Alberto Lleras Dam is situated on the Guavio River.
 Harlan is a lunar crater near the southeastern limb of the Moon. It is located just to the northeast of the crater Marinus. To the northeast is the flooded walled plain Abel and to the southeast is Mare Australe.This crater has a worn outer rim with a crater attached to the northeastern rim and an irregular southern edge. The inner wall has slumped to form a shelf along the northwestern side.
 Lemon Stream is a 15.2-mile-long (24.5 km) tributary of the Sandy River that rises in the New Vineyard mountain range in Franklin County Maine. Via the Sandy River it is part of the Kennebec River watershed.The source of Lemon Stream is a spring located at 1460 feet (450 m) above sea level between Little Mountain and Caswell Mountain.
 Arrowhead Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 494 along Johnson Creek.Arrowhead Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. The lake is just upstream of Pats Lake.
 Arenós Reservoir is a reservoir in Montoro province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain.
 The Save (or Sabi) is a 400 km river of southeastern Africa flowing through Zimbabwe and Mozambique. The river has its source in Zimbabwe some 80 km south of Harare then flows south and then east from the Zimbabwean highveld to its confluence with the Odzi River. It then turns south drops over the Chivirira (“Place of Boiling”) Falls and flows down the western side of Zimbabwe's Eastern Highlands forming a dry river valley in the rain shadow of these mountains.
 Mont Rougemont is part of the Monteregian Hills in southern Quebec. It is composed of igneous rock and hornfels. The summit stands 366 m (1201 ft) above sea level. The mountain is mostly covered with sugar maple-dominated forest. Apple orchards and vineyards are cultivated on many of the lower slopes and much of the fruit is used to make cider.
 Ergune or Argun (Mongolian: Эргүнэ мөрөн Ergüne mörön; Manchu: Ergune bira; Chinese: 额尔古纳河; pinyin: É'ěrgǔnà	Hé; Russian: Аргу́нь) is the river which is a part of the Russia–China border. Its upper reaches are known as Hailar River (Chinese: 海拉尔河; pinyin: Hăilā'ěr Hé) in China. Its length is 1007 mi (1620 km). The Ergune marks the border (established by the Treaty of Nerchinsk in 1689) between Russia and China for about 944 km until it meets the Amur River.
 County House Mountain is a mountain in Warren County New Jersey. The main peak rises to 1142 feet (348 m) and is located in Mansfield Township. County House Mountain is separated from Oxford Mountain to the southwest at Sykes Gap and is itself bifurcated at Stewart Gap; it forms a part of the divide between Pohatcong Creek and the Pequest River. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains.
 Birch Island Run is a stream in Cameron County and Clinton County Pennsylvania in the United States. It is a tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River and is 7.2 miles (11.6 km) long. There are a number of coal seams in the Birch Island Run watershed as well as iron ore. Mining has been done in the watershed. The watershed is 15.3 square miles in area and is almost entirely forested. The stream's tributaries include Little Birch Island Run and Amos Branch.
 Gunners Exchange Pond is a 29-acre (120000 m2) pond in the southern part of South Pond village in Plymouth Massachusetts within the Eel River watershed southeast of Boot Pond southwest of Island Pond and northeast of Myles Standish State Forest. The outflow is Hoyts Pond which is connected to Gunners Exchange Pond.A portion of the Massasoit National Wildlife Refuge lies along the shoreline of this pond.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Valea Podului River in Romania.
 The Hunter River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise below Donkins Hill. The river flows in a south-westerly direction until it discharges into Prince Frederick Harbour then York Sound and the Indian Ocean.The river was named in 1820 by the explorer Philip Parker King aboard the Mermaid while making charts in the area.
 Snowshoe Lake is a small alpine lake located in the Cabinet Mountains in Montana. Snowshoe Peak overlooks the lake. Granite Lake and Leigh Lake are also located nearby.
 The Bighorn River is a tributary of the Yellowstone approximately 461 miles (742 km) long in the western United States in the states of Wyoming and Montana. The river was named in 1805 by fur trader François Larocque for the Bighorn Sheep he saw along its banks as he explored the Yellowstone River.The upper reaches of the Bighorn south of the Owl Creek Mountains in Wyoming are known as the Wind River. The two rivers are sometimes referred to as the Wind/Bighorn.
 The Este (Low German: Eest) is a 44.7km long left-bank tributary of the river Elbe that flows through Lower Saxony and Hamburg Germany.
 Burdekin Dam (or Burdekin Falls Dam) is located on the Burdekin River in Queensland Australia south west of Ayr and Home Hill. The body of water held by the dam is also known as Lake Dalrymple. Burdekin Dam is managed by SunWater. The dam provides drinking water for twin cities of Thuringowa and Townsville and a large irrigation scheme. Water from the dam is also used to replenish downstream aquifers.The dam wall is 876 metres long and has a 504 metre spillway and a drop of 37 metres.
 Volcán San Cristóbal is the highest volcano in Nicaragua at 1745 m (5725 ft). Located near to the northwest corner of the country it forms a majestic backdrop to the city of Chichigalpa Chinandega. It is also among the most active volcanos in Nicaragua erupting frequently (if gently).San Cristóbal is part of a 5-member volcanic complex that bears the same name. Chonco lies 4 km to the west and Moyotepe 4 km to the north east.
 The Little Snake River is a tributary of the Yampa River approximately 155 miles (249 km) long in southwestern Wyoming and northwestern Colorado in the United States.It rises near the continental divide in Routt National Forest in northern Routt County Colorado along the northern edge of the Park Range. It flows west along the Wyoming-Colorado state line meandering across the border several times and flowing past the Wyoming towns of Dixon and Baggs.
 The Chilia River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Caxias is a Martian impact crater approximately 25 kilometers in diameter. It is located at 29.3°S 100.8°W southeast of the crater Llanesco and northeast of the crater Dinorwic. It was named after Duque de Caxias a town in Brazil and its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1991.
 Strawberry Lake is a natural high-elevation body of water in the Strawberry Mountain Wilderness in the U.S. state of Oregon. Located about 10 miles (16 km) south of Prairie City in Grant County the shallow lake covers about 36 acres (150000 m2) surrounded by forest. Recreational activities in the lake basin include hiking backpacking skiing and fishing.
 Krndija is a mountain in Slavonia Croatia extending eastwards from Papuk. It is located south of Orahovica and Našice and north of Požega.The westernmost point of Krndija is the mountain pass that connects Orahovica with Kutjevo; the easternmost point is hard to determine as it gradually passes into the lowland area near Đakovo and further east near Vinkovci.The highest peak Kapovac is located in the western part of Krndija at 792 metres (2598 ft).
 Danny MacDonalds Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Krstača is a mountain peak in Montenegro near the town of Rožaje.
 The Novicior River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
 Corpse Pond is a small lake in Ontonagon County Michigan located at 46°20′44″N 89°0′9″W.
 The Criva River is a tributary of the Coșuștea River in Romania.
 Le Tâche (1691 m) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps overlooking the Rhone valley at Vouvry in the canton of Valais. It lies east of the Lac de Taney.
 Calamity Creek is a river in Texas.
 Melbbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Franklin is a peak in the Nelson Lakes National Park in the Tasman Region of New Zealand.It is the northernmost - and highest - of New Zealand's four Mounts Franklin located 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of Lake Rotoroa in the. It is the highest peak in the Tasman Region just two metres higher than the nearby Mount Travers.Mount Franklin is part of the Franklin Ridge the northern extremity of the St James Range.
 M'Clure Bay (variant: McClure Bay) is a Peel Sound waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located on the western side of Somerset Island between Aston Bay and Birmingham Bay.The bay is named in honor of Arctic explorer Sir Robert M'Clure.
 The Basque Mountains (Spanish: Montes vascos; Basque: Euskal Herriko arkua Basque arc) are a mountain range situated in the northern Iberian Peninsula. Geographically it is considered as the eastern section of the larger Cantabrian Range. The range runs through the Basque Autonomous Community and western Navarre.
 Silver Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Silver Lake is less than 1 mi (1.6 km) north of Mount Spickard and is partially fed by melt from the Silver Glacier which is on the north slopes of Spickard. To the north and west of Silver Lake lies the arête known as Custer Ridge culminating in Mount Rahm. Silver Lake is only .50 mi (0.80 km) south of the Canadian border.
 Huaynaputina (Spanish pronunciation: [wainapuˈtina] Pronounced: /waɪnəpʊˈtiːnə/ W'EYE-nuh-PUU-tee-NUH; from Quechua: Waynaputina meaning Young Volcano) is a stratovolcano in a volcanic upland in southern Peru. The volcano does not have an identifiable mountain profile but instead is a large volcanic crater. It has produced high-potassium andesite and dacite.
 Blausee (literally: Blue Lake) is a small lake in the Kander valley above Kandergrund at 887 m near the river Kander. Administratively it belongs to the Bernese Oberland. The lake has an area of 0.64 ha. The lake can be reached by bus from the train stations of Frutigen or Kandersteg. It is a popular tourist destination.
 Hegekopf is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 The Derain quadrangle (H-10) is one of fifteen quadrangles on Mercury. It runs from 288 to 360° longitude and from -25 to 25° latitude. Named after the Derain crater it was mapped in detail for the first time after MESSENGER entered orbit around Mercury in 2011. It had not been mapped prior to that point because it was one of the six quadrangles that wasn't illuminated when Mariner 10 made its flybys in 1974 and 1975.
 For the census-designated place see Oxoboxo River Connecticut.The Oxoboxo River shown on federal maps as Oxoboxo Brook is a tributary of the Thames River in New London County Connecticut. It flows roughly 6 miles (9.7 km) in a southeasterly direction from its source at Oxoboxo Lake to its confluence with the Thames.
 Thomas Peak the second highest named peak in the Ruby Mountains and Elko County is located in the northeast portion of the state of Nevada in the western United States. One of the most voluminous mountains in the range its base makes up most of the east wall of Thomas Canyon as well as the long curved section of upper Lamoille Canyon.
 The Ciocracul River is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
 The Box Springs Mountains are a mountain range in northwest Riverside County California United States. The highest peak in the range is Box Springs Mountain which is just over 3080 feet (940 m).
 Green Lake is a lake in Kandiyohi County Minnesota.
 The Rasnic River or Raznic River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 The Hahnenmoss Pass (German: Hahnenmoospass) is a high mountain pass in Switzerland connecting Lenk im Simmental to Adelboden in the Bernese Oberland. With an elevation of 1950 metres above sea level the Hahnenmoos Pass is the lowest pass between the upper Simmental (west) and the Engstligental (east). Although a road leads to the pass from Adelboden the pass can not be traversed by car. In winter the pass is part of a ski area.
 Bellavista (3922 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy. The mountain is bounded on the east by the Fuorcla Bellavista and on the west by the Pass dal Zupò. There are four summits on the main ridge at the heights of 3799 3888 3890 and 3922 m from east to west.The first traverse of all four peaks was made by Emil Burckhardt and Hans Grass on 10 September 1868. C. C. Branch and B.
 Frankley Reservoir is a semi-circular reservoir for drinking water in Birmingham England. Its construction was authorised by the Birmingham Corporation Water Act of 1892.
 The River Spen known colloquially as Spen Beck is a river in the county of West Yorkshire England and is a tributary of the River Calder. It rises north of Cleckheaton runs through Liversedge and flows into the River Calder West Yorkshire south of Dewsbury at Ravensthorpe. The average rainfall for the river valley is between 600-1000mm per annum. Combined with the steep narrow river channel this makes the Spen susceptible to regular flooding.
 Lohse is a lunar crater on the eastern edge of Mare Fecunditatis. It is attached to the north rim of the larger crater Vendelinus. To the north is the prominent Langrenus. The interior of Lohse is rough with a notable central peak. An older impact is attached to the north rim designated Langrenus E.
 The Știrbu River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 Txamantxoia or Maze (Spanish: Chamanchoya) is a mountain in the Pyrenees. It is located between the Ansó Valley in Aragon and the Belagua Valley in Navarre Spain.
 The Vadu River is a tributary of the Hodoş River in Romania.
 Mount Chephren is a mountain located in the Mistaya River Valley of Banff National Park Canada.Mount Chephren was named after Chephren the 4th Dynasty Egyptian pharaoh. The mountain was originally named Pyramid Mountain in 1897 by J. Norman Collie but it conflicted with an identically named peak in Jasper National Park so it was renamed in 1918 to its present name.
 Gunung Chamah lies in the north-western corner of Kelantan and is the ﬁfth highest mountain in Peninsular Malaysia. It is one of the Peninsula's G7 (mountains above 7000 ft/2134m). Gunung in Malay literally means mountains with an elevation of 1000 m and above. In Peninsular Malaysia there are several of these mountains located along the main mountain ranges called the Titiwangsa Range.
 The Pufu River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 Lake Lauerz (German: Lauerzersee old spelling: Lowerzer See) is a lake in the Canton of Schwyz Switzerland. Its area is about 3 km² and its maximum depth is 13 m. There are two small islands in the lake (the Schwanau and the Roggenburg).In 1806 a landslide into the lake caused a tsunami 20 metres high.
 The Sorgues (French: la Sorgues also called Sorgue) is a 46.4 km (28.8 mi) long river in the Aveyron département southern France. Its source is a karstic spring at Cornus on the causse du Larzac. It flows generally west-northwest. It is a right tributary of the Dourdou de Camarès into which it flows at Vabres-l'Abbaye.
 Slippery Rock Brook is a tributary of the Passaic River in Passaic County New Jersey in the United States. Slippery Rock Brook flows north as it drains part of the western flank of First Watchung Mountain. Traveling south from its confluence with the Passaic River it passes through the city of Paterson and the borough of Woodland Park.
 Mount Habel is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1986 after Habel Jean.
 The Mișca River is a tributary of the Borod River in Romania
 Amru Al-Qays is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 50 kilometres (31 mi). Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Amru Al-Qays is named for the pre-Islamic Arab poet Amru Al-Qays.
 Sandy Bay Mountain is a mountain located on the Canada-United States border with a height of 950 m (3117 ft) above sea level.
 Meitner is an impact crater on the far side of the Moon behind the eastern limb. It lies to the northwest of the crater Kondratyuk and about a crater diameter to the west of Langemak.This crater has relatively well-defined features that have not been significantly eroded by subsequent impacts. The rim edge is roughly circular with a slight outward bulge along the southern edge. The small satellite crater Meitner C lies across the rim and inner wall to the northeast.
 Kuolajoki River (Russian: Куолайоки Finnish: Kuolajoki) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia and in Lapland Finland. It is 30 km in length. The area of its basin is 1635 km². The Kuolajoki River originates in the Lake Kuolajarvi in Russia and flows into the Tenniöjoki River in Finland. Its biggest tributary is the Kolsanoya River.
 The Perimbó River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Teal Creek formerly known as Little River is a perennial stream of the Genoa River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Hải Vân Pass (Vietnamese: Đèo Hải Vân ocean cloud pass) is an approximately 21 km long mountain pass on National Route 1A in Vietnam. It traverses a spur of the larger Annamite Range that juts into the South China Sea on the border of Đà Nẵng and Thừa Thiên–Huế Province near Bạch Mã National Park. Its name refers to the mists that rise from the sea reducing visibility.
 The Warrumbungles are a mountain range in the Orana region of New South Wales Australia. The nearest town is Coonabarabran. The area is easiest accessed from the Newell Highway which is the major road link directly between Melbourne Victoria and Brisbane Queensland and cuts across inland New South Wales from the north to the south.As the range is between the moist eastern coastal zone and the dryer plains to the west it has provided protection for flora and fauna suited to both habitats.
 Clear Lake is a natural body of water impounded by sand dunes along the Oregon Coast of the Pacific Ocean in the United States. The lake is the municipal water supply for the city of Reedsport which lies about 4 miles (6 km) northeast of the lake. Clear Lake is closed to public access to protect the purity of the water.U.S. Route 101 runs north–south along the west side of the lake.
 The Two Medicine River is a tributary of the Marias River approximately 60 mi (97 km) long in northwestern Montana in the United States. It rises in the Rocky Mountain Front in Glacier National Park at the continental divide and flows east down from the mountains and across the Blackfeet Indian Reservation. It receives Birch Creek in southeastern Glacier County and joins Cut Bank Creek to form the Marias approximately 12 mi (19 km) southeast of Cut Bank.
 The Pointe d'Orny (3271 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif located west of Orsières in the canton of Valais. It lies north-east of the Plateau du Trient.Below the summit lies the Cabane du Trient a mountain hut operated by the Swiss Alpine Club.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Aita River in Romania.
 The Văraștina River is a tributary of the Botizu River in Romania.
 The Ogontz River is a 5.3-mile-long (8.5 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Ogontz Bay an arm of Big Bay de Noc on Lake Michigan.
 The Denison Canal is a man made canal located at Dunalley in southern Tasmania which opened for use in 1905 and gets its name from former Governor William Denison. The canal was built to shorten the fishing and trade routes between the east coast and Hobart.
 Ras Dashen (alternatively Ras Dashan or Ras Dejen Ge'ez ራስ ዳሸን rās dāshen or ራስ ደጀን rās dejen Amh. head guard) is the highest mountain in Ethiopia and tenth highest mountain of Africa. Part of Simien Mountains National Park it reaches an elevation of 4550 metres (14928 ft).
 Lake Arrowhead is one of four major residential lakes in Denville New Jersey.
 Doilbong is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. It is located within the boundaries of Yangpyeong County. Doilbong has an elevation of 864 m (2835 ft).
 The Valea Dracului is a tributary of the Valea Castanului River in Romania.
 The Grand Surrey Canal was a canal constructed in south London England during the early 19th century. It opened to the Old Kent Road in 1807 to Camberwell in 1810 and to Peckham in 1826. Its main purpose was to transport cargo primarily timber (or 'Deal') to the Surrey Commercial Docks. The Grand Surrey Canal closed progressively from the 1940s with all but the Greenland Dock closing in the 1970s. Much of the route is traceable as it has been turned into roadways and linear parks.
 Bieber is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Wuosthorn (2815 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps located south of Davos in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of the Bocktenhorn on the range between the valleys of Sertig and Dischma.
 Metius is a lunar impact crater located in the rugged highlands to the southeast of the Moon's near side. To the southwest the rim is attached to the crater Fabricius. Offset to the east-northeast is the heavily worn crater Brenner. Further away to the northeast is the crater Rheita and the long gorge Vallis Rheita.The rim of Metius does not protrude prominently into the surroundings and has an insignificant rampart.
 The Râul Lungenilor is a tributary of the Frăsinet in Romania.
 Mount Koven is a 12142-foot (3701 m) mountain in the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve. Mount Eldridge lies to the northeast of Mount McKinleyon Karstens Ridge with Mount Carpe to the northeast on the Carpe Ridge extension of McKinley's northeast buttress. Mount Koven overlooks the Great Icefall of Muldrow Glacier with the west fork of Traleika Glacier to the east. It was named for Theodore G.
 H. V. Eastman Lake is an artificial lake formed by the construction of Buchanan Dam across the Chowchilla River in the foothills of Madera County California. A small percentage of the northwest area of the reservoir is in Mariposa County.Buchanan Dam was a 1975 flood control and irrigation project of the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
 The Our is also the name of a stream in the municipality of Paliseul Belgium tributary of the Lesse.The Our (pronunciation [u:r]; archaic German: Ur) is a river of Belgium Luxembourg and Germany. It is a left tributary to the river Sauer/Sûre. Its total length is 78 km. The source of the Our is in the Hautes Fagnes in south-eastern Belgium near Manderfeld. It flows southwards more or less along the German-Belgian border and after Ouren along the German-Luxembourgish border.
 Taylor Lake (Cumberland) is a lake of Cumberland County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Balta Râioasă River is a headwater of the Balta Lungă River in Romania.
 Piccolomini is a prominent lunar impact crater located in the southeastern sector of the Moon. The crater Rothmann lies to the west-southwest and to the south is Stiborius. The lengthy Rupes Altai begins at the western rim of Piccolomini curving to the northwest. The crater is named after 16th century Italian Archbishop and astronomer Alessandro Piccolomini. It is 88 kilometers in diameter and 4500 meters deep.
 The Gotcoaia River is a tributary of the Glăvănești River in Romania.
 For the location in Syria see Karkar.Karkar Island is an oval-shaped volcanic island located in the Bismarck Sea about 30 kilometres off the north coast of mainland Papua New Guinea in Madang Province. The island is about 25 km in length and 19 km in width. In the centre is an active volcano with two nested calderas. The land is covered with the volcanic andesitic lava. The soil is very fertile and used for growing food crop and cash crop.
 Brading Down is a chalk down southwest of Brading Isle of Wight. It is a prominent hill which overlooks Sandown Bay with spectacular views across the bay towards Shanklin and Culver Down. It is a Local Nature Reserve.Parts of the down are private including an area used as a covered reservoir and some for agriculture. But much of the down some 35 hectares (86 acres) is open to the public and is owned by the Isle of Wight Council.
 The Ștevia River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
 The Dhaleshwari River (Bengali: ধলেশ্বরী Dhôleshshori) is a 160-km-long distributary of the Jamuna River in central Bangladesh. It starts off the Jamuna near the northwestern tip of Tangail District. After that it divides into two branches: the north branch retains the name Dhaleshwari and merges with the other branch the Kaliganga River at the southern part of Manikganj District. Finally the merged flow meets the Shitalakshya River near Narayanganj District.
 The Surducul Mare River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Naknek Lake is a lake in southern Alaska near the base of the Alaska Peninsula. Located in Katmai National Park and Preserve the lake is 64 km (40 mi) long and 5–13 km (3–8 miles) wide the largest lake in the park The lake drains west into Bristol Bay through the Naknek River.
 St. Michael's Cave or Old St. Michael's Cave is the name given to a network of limestone caves located within the Upper Rock Nature Reserve in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar at a height of over 300 metres (980 ft) above sea level.
 The Valea lui Ilie River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The Abitibi River is a river in northeastern Ontario Canada which flows northwest from Lake Abitibi to join the Moose River which empties into James Bay. This river is 540 kilometres (340 mi) long and descends 265 metres (869 ft).The river was an important fur trading route for the Hudson's Bay Company. Now pulp and paper centered on the town of Iroquois Falls Ontario is an important industry in the heavily forested region through which it flows.
 Gull Lake is a lake 0.15 nautical miles (0.3 km) in diameter lying close to the southwest shore of King Edward Cove 0.5 nautical miles (1 km) south of the abandoned whaling station at Grytviken South Georgia.The lake was first roughly surveyed and named Möwensee or Moven See (Gull Lake) by A. Szielasko who visited South Georgia in 1906. The English form Gull Lake was used by Robert Cushman Murphy in 1947 in describing his visit to the lake in November 1912.
 The Țiganca River is a tributary of the Bărzăuța River in Romania.
 The Runcorn and Weston Canal was a short canal near Runcorn in Cheshire England constructed to link the Weston Canal which is part of the River Weaver Navigation to the Bridgewater Canal and Runcorn Docks. It was completed in 1859 but was little used. Around half of it became the Arnold Dock in 1876 when it was made wider and deeper and linked to Fenton Dock by a ship lock.
 Brahms is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 96 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Brahms is named for the German composer Johannes Brahms who lived from 1833 to 1897.
 The Taylor River rises close to Castle Peak in Colorado’s Elk Mountains in the northeast part of Gunnison County near the Continental Divide.Flowing southeast the river goes through Taylor Park Reservoir created by the Taylor Park Dam. From there it flows southwest. At Almont the Taylor River joins with the East River to form the Gunnison River. The river is 48.2 miles (77.6 km) long.Most of the river lies within the Gunnison National Forest.
 Junction Peak is a thirteener in the Sierra Nevada. Joseph Nisbet LeConte chose this name in 1896 noting that it marks the point where the Sierra Crest crosses the water divide of the Kern and Kings rivers. Today it also is the boundary between Inyo and Tulare counties and of Kings Canyon National Park Sequoia National Park and the John Muir Wilderness.Botanist Edwin Bingham Copeland and partner E. N. Henderson were the first climbers known to reach Junction Peak's summit on August 8 1899.
 Elderberry Forebay is a small reservoir in Los Angeles County California which serves as the pumping forebay of the Castaic Power Plant. It located at the upper end of the larger Castaic Lake and is separated from the lake by Elderberry Forebay Dam at its southern edge.
 The Bănesele River is a tributary of the Lumaşu River in Romania.
 The Vermelho River (Corrente River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Groundhouse River is a 39.8-mile-long (64.1 km) tributary of the Snake River in eastern Minnesota United States. Via the Snake River and St. Croix River it is part of the Mississippi River watershed flowing to the Gulf of Mexico.
 Rodenbach (Wapelbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lake Bled (Slovene: Blejsko jezero; German: Bleder See Veldeser See) is a lake in the Julian Alps in northwestern Slovenia where it adjoins the town of Bled. The area is a popular tourist destination. The lake is 35 km (22 mi) from Ljubljana International Airport and 55 km (34 mi) from the capital city Ljubljana.
 Bembézar Reservoir is a reservoir in Hornachuelos province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain. It is located in the Sierra de Hornachuelos a mountain range of the Sierra Morena.
 Buckden Pike is a mountain at the head of Wharfedale a valley in the Yorkshire Dales that stands above the village of Buckden. At 702 metres (2303 ft) it narrowly misses out on being the highest peak in the area the title instead going to nearby Great Whernside (704 metres). The summit is marked by a trig point.
 Lake Yamma Yamma is an ephemeral lake on the Cooper Creek system in the arid Channel Country of south-western Queensland Australia. The lake which is sometimes called Lake Mackillop is the largest inland ephemeral lake in Queensland.
 Wask'aqucha (Quechua wask'a rectangle / long qucha lake rectangle lake or long lake hispanicized spelling Huascacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Yauyos Province Ayaviri District. It is situated at a height of about 4250 metres (13944 ft). Wask'aqucha lies between the mountains Wayna Qutuni and Qutuni in the north and Llunk'uti in the south southeast of the lake Tikllaqucha.
 The Alatgue River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Grand Sable River is a river of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 The Wenlock River is a major river of the Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland Australia. It rises in the Great Dividing Range flows north-west through tropical savanna plains and wetlands and enters the Gulf of Carpentaria on the western side of the peninsula at Port Musgrave just north of Mapoon.The total catchment size is 7526 km2 (2906 sq mi).
 The Col Nudo is a mountain in the Alps located in Italy. It is the highest peak of the Venetian Prealps and the 30th most prominent summit of the Alps.
 The Colentina River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.The following lakes are built on the river: Lake Moarta Lake Ciocăneşti I Lake Ciocăneşti I Lake Crevedia VI Lake Buftea Lake Mogoşoaia Lake Chitila Lake Străuleşti - 39 ha. Lake Griviţa - 80 ha. Lake Băneasa - 40 ha. Lake Herăstrău - 77 ha. Lake Floreasca - 70 ha. Lake Tei - 80 ha. Lake Plumbuita - 55 ha. Lake Fundeni - 123 ha. Lake Pantelimon I - 120 ha. Lake Pantelimon II - 260 ha. Lake Cernica - 360 ha.
 Sierra Salvada (Basque: Gorobel) is a mountain range situated to the northwest of Burgos (Spain) and it is also part of Alava and Orduña (an enclave on Biscay).The southern slope of this mountain range whose rivers flow to the mediterranean sea is included in the province of Burgos. However the north slope is part of the Autonomous Community of the Basque Country.
 The Abe River (安倍川 Abe-kawa also Abe-gawa) is a river in Shizuoka Prefecture of central Japan. It is 53.3 kilometres (33.1 mi) long and has a watershed of 567 square kilometres (219 sq mi).The river rises from Akaishi Mountains which stretch over the border between Yamanashi and Shizuoka Prefectures and flows into Suruga Bay in the Pacific Ocean).
 Schwarzbach (Mulde) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Moosalb (Alb) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Juncal River is a river of Chile. It has its source at the Juncal Norte Glacier which originates at the summit of the Nevado Juncal. The river is joined by the Blanco River to form the Aconcagua River. The juncalillo one of its tributaries receives the outflow of Laguna del Inca.
 The Râul Negru (Hungarian: Feketeügy) is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Ramsay is a lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It lies to the south-southwest of the larger crater Jules Verne and is nearly in contact with the satellite crater Jules Verne P along the northern outer rim.
 Niederriedsee (or Stausee Niederried) is a reservoir formed by the Niederried dam on the Aar River in the Canton of Berne Switzerland. It is named after the nearby village Niederried bei Kallnach.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Perućac Lake (Bosnian/Serbian Latin Perućačko jezero; Serbian Cyrillic Перућачко језеро pronounced [pɛrǔt͡ɕat͡ʃkɔː jɛ̂zɛrɔ]) also known as Lake Perućac pronounced [pɛrǔt͡ɕat͡s] is an artificial lake partly in the municipalities of Srebrenica and Višegrad in Bosnia and Herzegovina and partly in the municipality of Bajina Bašta Serbia.
 The Basòdino is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It is the second highest peak in the canton of Ticino.On its summit is located a geodetic point of IGM named 05A901 Monte Basodino.
 Dowa Yalanne (Zuni: Corn Mountain) is a steep mesa 3.1 miles (5 km) southeast of the present Pueblo of Zuni on the Zuni Indian Reservation. Plainly visible from the Zuni Pueblo the mesa is located in McKinley County New Mexico and has an elevation of 7274 feet (2217 m). The mesa is a sacred place for the Zuni people who fled to the mesa top to escape the Coronado expedition in 1540 and it is closed to outside visitors.
 Arkabutla Lake is a reservoir on the Coldwater River in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is one of four Flood Damage Reduction reservoirs in northern Mississippi. With an annual visitation exceeding 2 million people Arkabutla Lake accommodates a wide variety of recreational interest throughout the entire year. The Arkabutla Lake project includes 57250 acres (231.7 km2) of land and water. The dam is 11500 ft (3500 m) long with an average height of 67 ft (20 m).
 Teepe Glacier is below the northeast face of Teepe Pillar in Grand Teton National Park Wyoming United States. The glacier is immediately southeast of Grand Teton in the heart of the Cathedral Group collection of high peaks in the Teton Range. Between 1967 and 2006 Teepe Glacier lost approximately 60 percent of its surface area shrinking from 13 to 5 acres (5.3 to 2.0 ha).
 Causey Reservoir is a reservoir located 15 miles (24 km) northeast of Ogden Utah United States just off Utah State Route 39.
 The Cica River is a tributary of the Turia River in Romania.
 Gavrilov is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south of the heavily eroded crater Vernadskiy and north of Vetchinkin.This is a circular and relatively symmetric crater formation with some erosion of the outer rim. There are some small craterlets in the eastern half of the interior and a small central rise near the midpoint.
 Pen y Boncyn Trefeilw is a subsidiary summit of Cyrniau Nod in north east Wales. It forms a part of the Berwyn range called the Hirnantau. It has two tops: Stac Rhos and Pen y Cerrig Duon. Pen y Cerrig Duon is now listed as a deleted Nuttall due to re-surveying.The views from the summit are extensive if unremarkable due to the featureless flat moorland surroundings.
 Beinn Ghlas is a mountain in the Southern Highlands of Scotland. It lies on the north shore of Loch Tay and is part of the Ben Lawers Range. It lies on the popular path to Ben Lawers from the National Trust for Scotland car park with the result that many walkers traverse the summit of Beinn Ghlas without realising it.
 The Dent du Chamois (1839 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located east of Gruyères in the canton of Fribourg. It lies on the range north of the Vanil Noir between the valleys of the Sarine and the Motélon.From the col of La Forcla (1546 m) a trail leads to its summit.
 The Dingwall Canal was a short tidal canal running from the town of Dingwall to the Cromarty Firth in the county of Ross and Cromarty Scotland. It was completed by 1819 to provide better access to the town but was not a commercial success and was abandoned in the 1880s after the arrival of the railways.
 Schwabe is a small lunar crater that is located in the northern part of the Moon. It ies to the southeast of the much larger crater Arnold and east-northeast of Democritus.The rim of this crater is cut through by a cleft along the northwest that runs westards until it joins the lava-flooded terrain surrounding Schwabe G.
 The São Lourenço River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Willisburg Lake is a 126-acre (0.51 km2) reservoir in Washington County Kentucky. It was created in 1969.
 The Mountains of East Kerry also called the Mangerton Mountains are a range of mountains situated immediately to the south and east of Killarney National Park and the town of Killarney in County Kerry in Ireland.
 Hardwasser (Wiera) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Tătârlaua River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.[citation needed]
 Mill Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Smoky Mountains in Sawtooth National Recreation Area of Sawtooth National Forest. The lake is most easily accessed via trail 136 from the end of forest road 179. The lake is located north of Norton Peak.
 The Beiu River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Curuá River (Iriri River) is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Valea Olanelor River is a tributary of the Valea Fiașului River in Romania.
 The Fresno River is a river in Central California and a major tributary of the San Joaquin River. It runs approximately 68 miles (109 km) from the Sierra Nevada Range to the San Joaquin River.
 The Lotriorul River is a tributary of the Călineşti River in Romania.
 The Saga is a tributary of the Costeşti River in Romania.
 The Pintic River is a tributary of the Valea Aurului River in Romania.
 Lake Waipori is the smaller and shallower of the pair of lakes located in the wetlands to the south west of Dunedin in New Zealand on the Waipori River. The Waipori River is a major tributary of the Taieri River and these wetlands form the southern edge of the Taieri Plains.The lake is inhabited by various waterfowl and wetland birds.
 Pleasant Lake is a 479-acre (1.94 km2) lake located in Rockingham County in central New Hampshire United States in the town of Deerfield. The eastern shore of the lake forms the boundary between Deerfield and the town of Northwood. Water from Pleasant Lake flows north to Northwood Lake then west via the Little Suncook River to the Suncook River a tributary of the Merrimack River. It is one of the top 10 cleanest lakes in New Hampshire.[citation needed]
 The Liyog River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Maraekakaho River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region New Zealand.
 Korvuanjärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is situated partly in Taivalkoski municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia region and partly in Suomussalmi municipality in Kainuu region. It belongs to the Iijoki main catchment area.
 The West Nakdong River (Rakdong in North Korean) is river in South Korea.
 Great South Pond is a 292-acre (1.2 km2) reservoir in Plymouth Massachusetts in South Pond village. The pond is within the Eel River watershed located southeast of Little South Pond west of South Triangle Pond and north of Boot Pond. The pond serves as a secondary municipal water supply for the Town of Plymouth.
 The Sandy River is a 73.3-mile-long (118.0 km) tributary of the Kennebec River in the U.S. state of Maine.The Sandy River originates in the Sandy River Ponds (44°53′37″N 70°32′26″W) at an elevation of 1700 feet (520 m) in Sandy River Plantation. The river flows south to a confluence with Chandler Mill Stream in Maine Township E and then easterly to its confluence with Saddleback Stream in Madrid and Orbeton Stream in Phillips.
 The Darby River a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment is located in the South Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Loch Gelly (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Gheallaidh) is a small loch in Fife Scotland lying approximately 1.5 km to the south east of the town of Lochgelly which itself is named after the loch. The Gaelic name of the loch Loch Gheallaidh can be loosely translated as Loch of Shining Waters or Loch of Brightness.
 The River Irwell (/ˈɜrwɛl/ UR-well) is a 39-mile (63 km) long river which flows through the Irwell Valley in North West England. Its source is at Irwell Springs on Deerplay Moor approximately 1.5 miles (2.4 km) north of Bacup. It forms the boundary between Manchester and Salford and empties into the River Mersey near Irlam.During the 17th and 18th centuries the Irwell's lower reaches were a trading route that became part of the Mersey and Irwell Navigation.
 The Cuyahoga River (/ˌkaɪ.əˈhɒɡə/ KY-ə-HOG-ə or /ˌkaɪ.əˈhoʊɡə/ KY-ə-HOH-gə) is located in Northeast Ohio in the United States and feeds Lake Erie. The river is famous for being the river that caught fire helping to spur the environmental movement in the late 1960s. Native Americans called this winding water Cuyahoga which means crooked river in an Iroquoian language.
 Sangeang Api (Gunung Api or Gunung Sangeang) is an active complex volcano on the island of Sangeang in Indonesia. It consists of two volcanic cones 1949 metres (6394 ft) Doro Api and 1795 m (5889 ft) Doro Mantoi. Sangeang Api is one of the most active volcanoes in the Lesser Sunda Islands. It erupted in 1988 and the island's inhabitants were evacuated. Between its first recorded eruption in 1512 and 1989 it erupted 17 times.
 Äschersbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Rose Lake is a lake on the border between Cook County Minnesota and Ontario.
 Erskine Creek a perennial stream of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 Tannensee is a reservoir in Obwalden Switzerland. In 1958 Tannenbach and few other creeks were dammed with an earth-fill dam. The lake has a volume of 3.8 mio m³ and its surface area is 0.33 km². The reservoir is used to generate electricity at Kraftwerk Hugschwendi in Kerns.
 Pic de l'Infern is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2859 metres above sea level.
 Samborombón Bay (Spanish: Bahía de Samborombón) is a bay of Argentina located at the Río de la Plata's mouth on the Atlantic Ocean. It is about 160 kilometres (99 mi) southeast of Buenos Aires. The bay is about 135 kilometres (84 mi) long and stretches from Point Piedras (Punta Piedras) in the north to Point Norte starting point of Cape San Antonio.The bay receives the Salado and Samborombón rivers as well as other minor streams.
 Kabak Too is a mountain range in the internal Tian Shan in Kyrgyz Republic. It is located between Jumgal and Ming-Kush valleys. The length of the range is about 40 km width - up to 16 km. The highest point is 4144 m.
 The Lajas River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Muhuri is a transnational river between India and Bangladesh. Rising in Tripura it flows into Bangladesh where it merges with the Feni near the latter's mouth to the Bay of Bengal. The Muhuri is also known as the Little Feni.
 The Elvo (Piedmontese: Elv) is a 53 km torrent (an intermittent stream) in the Piedmont region of north-west Italy and is the principal tributary of the Cervo. It runs through the communes of Sordevolo Occhieppo Superiore Occhieppo Inferiore Cerrione and Salussola in the Province of Biella and of Carisio and Casanova Elvo in the Province of Vercelli. The river’s valley is named after it as the Valle dell'Elvo.
 Sprague Lake is a scenic lake in Rocky Mountain National Park located on the south side of Glacier Creek about two miles south of the Hollowell turnoff. The half-mile walk around the lake is wheelchair accessible and features boardwalks and bridges with views of Flattop mountain and Hallet Peak. The lake provides a pleasant area for brookie fishing. The area is named after Abner Sprague who started a homestead there in 1874.
 The Kawdy Plateau is a plateau in northern British Columbia Canada located between the Nahlin and Tuya Rivers. It includes the granitic Atsutla Range and Nazcha Hills and the volcanic Kawdy Mountain.
 The Großer Eutiner See is a lake in Holstein Switzerland Schleswig-Holstein Germany. It lies northeast of the town of Eutin.It has an area of 230 hectares (570 acres) is up to 17 metres deep and lies at a height of about 26.7 m above sea level. It northern side borders directly on the woods of the Seeschaarwald. In the western part of the lake separated by the Bebensund Bridge the Fissauer Bucht its main inflow the River Schwentine enters and then leaves again a little further west.
 The Widderfeld is a mountain in the Emmental Alps located west of the Pilatus in Central Switzerland. The summit lies on the border between the cantons of Obwalden and Lucerne. The tripoint between the cantons of Lucerne Obwalden and Nidwalden (1920 m) lies 300 m north of the summit.
 Stoss Pass (el. 942 m.) is a mountain pass between the cantons of Appenzell Innerrhoden and Appenzell Ausserrhoden in Switzerland.
 Canal de Caen à la Mer (English: Canal from Caen to the sea) also called the Caen Canal) is a short canal in the department (préfecture) of Calvados France connecting the Port of Caen in the city of Caen downstream to the town of Ouistreham and the English Channel.Running from north north-east to south south-west the canal runs parallel to the Orne River which feeds it it is 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) long and comprises two locks.
 Paddys River a perennial stream that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Australian Capital Territory Australia.
 Summasjärvi or Summanen is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is located in Saarijärvi in the region of Keski-Suomi. There is a Stone Age Museum in the island of Summassaari.
 At 128 metres (420 ft) Great Wood Hill is the highest point in the Newmarket Ridge and in the English county of Suffolk. The top is in the middle of a wood near the village of Rede.It is the highest point in the wide area east of the River Cam.
 The Merișor River is a tributary of the Vălișorul River in Romania.
 The Ceița River is a tributary of the Telcișor River in Romania.
 The Gârbăul Dejului River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Brushy Mountains are a mountain range located in northwestern North Carolina. They are an isolated spur of the much larger Blue Ridge Mountains separated from them by the Yadkin River valley.
 Mullaghcleevaun (from Irish Mullach Cliabháin meaning summit of the cradle) is a mountain in County Wicklow Republic of Ireland. At 849 m (2785 ft) tall it is the second highest of the Wicklow Mountains and the 20th highest in Ireland.Mullaghcleevaun is believed to have been named after the rounded depression near the summit which has a small lake (Lough Cleevaun) inside it. Mullaghcleevaun sits roughly in the middle of the Wicklow Mountains and 3 km west of the Military Road.
 Paneth is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just beyond the northwestern limb. It lies just to the north-northeast of the crater Smoluchowski and to the east-southeast of Boole on the near side.The rim of Paneth is worn but not inordinately so; the edge remains well-defined and marked only by small craters along the northwest and southeast. This formation partly overlies a shallower crater Paneth K along the southeast of the rim.
 Skurvefjellet is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Altmann is a mountain in the Appenzell Alps located on the border between the cantons of Appenzell Innerrhoden and St. Gallen. It is situated in the massif of the Alpstein north of Wildhaus (St. Gallen) a few kilometres from the Säntis.The Altmann is a steep limestone tower which rises about 1000 metres over the valleys of the Alpstein. The normal route starts at Rotsteinpass (2120 metres) on the north-west side and is considered an easy climb.
 Al Zubair Group or Zubayr Group (Arabic: مجموعة جزر الزبير or simply: جزر الزبير‎) is a group of 10 major volcanic islands on top of an underlying shield volcano in the Red Sea which reach a height of 191 M above sea level. The volcano has continued to erupt in historic times. The islands currently belong to Yemen.
 Lake Bill Waller is a 168 acre man-made lake named for a former governor of Mississippi William Lowe Bill Waller Senior. The lake is located in Marion County Mississippi 7 miles southeast of Columbia and is primarily used for fresh-water angling.
 Embalse El Yeso is a reservoir located in the Andes in the Santiago Metropolitan Region Chile. It is formed by the damming of Yeso River part of Maipo River basin. The reservoir has a capacity of 250000000 m³.El Yeso reservoir along with the nearby Laguna Negra are a major source of drinking water for Santiago.Its turquoise waters are suitable for fishing and windsurfing.
 The Ceno is a 63 km-long tributary of the Taro River flowing entirely the Province of Parma northern Italy. It joins the Taro on its left side at Fornovo.Like the Taro the Ceno has its source on Monte Penna in the Ligurian Apennine though it rises on the opposite side of the mountain to the Taro. The Ceno's average final volume is approximately half that of the Taro but can vary substantially depending from the season its discharge occasionally reaching up to above 1000 m³/s.
 Kotschau is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Adirondack Mountains are an unusual geological formation located in the northeastern lobe of Upstate New York in the United States. The mountains rise in Clinton Essex Franklin Fulton Hamilton Herkimer Lewis St. Lawrence Saratoga Warren and Washington counties.Unlike linear mountain ranges that form along tectonic plate boundaries the Adirondack mountains resemble a dome.
 The South Fork Bull Run River is a tributary about 6 miles (9.7 km) long of the Bull Run River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of the system that provides drinking water to the city of Portland it flows generally west through a protected part of the Mount Hood National Forest in Clackamas County. It joins the Bull Run River at Bull Run Reservoir 2 about 8 miles (13 km) from the larger stream's confluence with the Sandy River.
 Mount Dodo (百々ヶ峰 Dodo-ga-mine) or Mount Dodogamine is located in the northern part of the city of Gifu Gifu Prefecture Japan it is 417.9 m (1371 ft) in height making it the tallest mountain in the city. The mountain's small valley includes Matsuo Pond and Hagi Falls.
 Mount Balatukan is a massive compound stratovolcano in the southern island of Mindanao Philippines. The volcano has no historical eruptions but displays fumarolic activity. The 2450-metre (8040 ft) mountain is topped by a triangular shaped caldera 15 kilometers (9.3 mi) long and 10.6 kilometers (6.6 mi) at its widest.
 The Ciocânea River is a tributary of the Bârsa Groșetului River in Romania.
 The Varing River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 The Ilva River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Col de la Croix de Mounis 809 m (2654 ft) is a low mountain pass in the Parc naturel régional du Haut-Languedoc in southern France. In July 2013 the col was crossed on stage 7 of the Tour de France.
 Montes Alpes is a mountain range in the northern part of the Moon's near side. It was named after the Alps in Europe.This range forms the northeastern border of the Mare Imbrium lunar mare. To the west of the range is the level and nearly featureless mare while on the eastern face is a more rugged continental area with a higher albedo.
 Tray Mountain with an elevation of 4430 ft (1350 m) is the seventh-highest peak in Georgia. The boundary line between White and Towns counties bisects the mountain but leaves the summit in Towns County. Habersham County lies on a lower part of the mountain but not on the summit. Tray Mountain is within the borders of the Chattahoochee National Forest and is part of the Tray Mountain Wilderness.
 The river Scie (French pronunciation: ​[si]) is one of the rivers that flow from the plateau of the southern Pays de Caux in the Seine-Maritime département of Haute-Normandie into the English Channel. The river rises at Saint-Victor-l'Abbaye and passes through Auffay Saint-Maclou-de-Folleville Longueville-sur-Scie Anneville-sur-Scie Heugleville-sur-Scie Saint-Aubin-sur-Scie and finally Hautot-sur-Mer.
 The Madison Range is a mountain range located in the Rocky Mountains of Montana and Idaho U.S. The range was named in honor of future President of the United States then U.S. Secretary of State James Madison by Meriwether Lewis as the Lewis and Clark Expedition travelled through Montana in 1805. The range extends 80 miles (130 km) from West Yellowstone Montana to Bozeman Montana and is flanked by the Madison River on the west and the Gallatin River to the east.
 Skonsvikvatnan is a small lake located along the coast of northern Norway. It is located in Berlevåg Municipality northwest of the village of Berlevåg in Finnmark county. The lake is located about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of Berlevåg Airport.
 The Coginchaug River in Connecticut with a watershed including 39 sq mi of forests pastures farmland industrial and commercial areas is the main tributary of the Mattabesset River. It is 16.1 mi long and the river flows northwards from a point approximately 1.8 mi south of the Durham line in Guilford Connecticut into Durham and then Middlefield meeting the Mattabesset in Middletown about 0.8 miles (1.3 km) upstream of the Connecticut River.
 Boundary Lake is a small lake on the border between Canada and the United States in the Canadian province of Manitoba and the American state of North Dakota. At 1.1 ha (3 acres) its west island is one of the world's smallest land masses split by an international border.
 The Little Carpathians (also: Lesser Carpathians Slovak: Malé Karpaty; German: Kleine Karpaten; Hungarian: Kis-Kárpátok) are a low about 100 km long mountain range part of the Carpathian Mountains. The mountains are situated in Western Slovakia covering the area from Bratislava to Nové Mesto nad Váhom a very small part called Hundsheimer Berge (or Hainburger Berge) is situated south of Devín Gate in northeastern Austria.
 Nejanalini Lake is a lake in northern Manitoba near the provincial border with Nunavut Canada.
 Foggy Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in southwestern Queen Maud Gulf off Nunavut's mainland.Labyrinth Bay Campbell Bay and Conolly Bay are nearby.
 Blakeley Raise is a fell in the English Lake District standing at 389m. Unlike its neighbours Grike Crag Fell and Lank Rigg it is not listed as a Wainwright. Despite this lack of status Blakeley Raise is a worthy climb providing extensive views over West Cumbria Southern Scotland and the Isle of Man including the towns of Whitehaven and Cleator Moor and the Sellafield nuclear processing site.
 The Egher River is a tributary of the Racta River in Romania.
 The Beyers Lakes are located in the Tahoe National Forest in California.They can be accessed via the Eagle Lake trailhead at Emerald Bay State Park on the western shore of Lake Tahoe.
 Omersbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Aluniș River is a tributary of the Mogheruş River in Romania.
 The Patawalonga River (sometimes called Patawalonga Creek and known to local residents as the Pat) is a short river (roughly 7 km in length) that was before European settlement a tidal estuary. The River is serviced by a 210 km2 catchment that exists in metropolitan Adelaide with its mouth at the suburb of Glenelg.
 Draycote Water is a reservoir and country park near the village of Dunchurch 3.75 miles (6 km) south of Rugby in Warwickshire England owned and operated by Severn Trent Water. It supplies drinking water to Rugby via Barby Storage Reservoir and is named after the nearby hamlet of Draycote.The reservoir was created in the 1960s and was opened in January 1969 and is by far the largest expanse of water in Warwickshire.
 The Tavy is a river on Dartmoor Devon England. The name derives from the Brythonic root Taff the original meaning of which has now been lost.
 Schie is the name for four waterways in the area of Overschie South Holland the Netherlands. There are the Delftse Schie the Delfshavense Schie the Rotterdamse Schie and the Schiedamse Schie. The existence of these four streams is the result of medieval rivalry among the cities of Delft Rotterdam and Schiedam for toll rights.
 Holden is a 140 km wide crater situated within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars located with the southern highlands.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
 The Căutici River is a tributary of the Pricopanul River in Romania.
 The Qian River (Chinese: 黔江 pinyin: Qián Jiāng) is the name of a short section of the Xi River system and thus the greater Pearl River system in Guangxi China. It is formed by where the Liu Jiang meets the larger Hongshui He east of Laibin then flows southeast through Wuxuan. At Guiping it is joined by the more southerly Yu Jiang to form the Xun branch of the Xi Jiang.
 The Ogașu Porcariului is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Lake Saint Francis (in French: Lac Saint-François) is a lake which borders southeastern Ontario southwestern Quebec and northern New York State. It is located on the Saint Lawrence River between Lake Ontario and Montreal. The lake forms part of the Saint Lawrence Seaway.The city of Salaberry-de-Valleyfield is located at the east end of the lake.Lac Saint-François National Wildlife Area located on the south shore of the lake protects wetlands located on the shores of the lake.
 Lake Palčje (Slovene: Palško jezero) is an intermittent lake in the Pivka basin north of the settlement Palčje in the Inner Carniola region of Slovenia. It fills an oval-shaped karst depression crossed by Pivka and approximately 1.5 km long and 0.5 km wide. Its bottom is relatively level at between 543 and 557 m above the sea but the banks are steep.
 The Cristolțel River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Bob's Lake is a lake in Wollaston Hastings County in Central Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is part of the Crowe River system. The nearest settlement is Rose Island to the southwest in the adjacent municipality of North Kawartha in Peterborough County.
 Cameron Lake is at the end of the Akamina Parkway Waterton Lakes National Park Alberta Canada. It is named after Donald Roderick Cameron (1834–1921) a British Royal Artillery captain.The 49th parallel north runs through the southern end of the lake making part of it technically in Glacier County Montana.
 Mount Kamuishiri (神居尻山 Kamuishiri-yama) is a mountain located in the Kabato Mountains of Tōbetsu Hokkaidō Japan. Pinneshiri Mount Kamuishiri and Mount Machine are together known as The Three Mountains of Kabato (樺戸三山 Kabato Sanzan).Kamuishiri is part of the Dōmin no Mori Kamuishiri Chiku (道民の森神居尻地区).
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Quirrenbach (Pleisbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Berezina (Belarusian: Бярэ́зіна Biarezina; [bʲaˈrɛzʲinɐ]) is a river in Belarus and a tributary of the Dnieper River.The Berezina Preserve by the river is in the UNESCO list of Biosphere Preserves.
 Mechanicsburg Gap (also known as Mill Creek Gap) is a water gap mountain pass through Mill Creek Mountain in Hampshire County in the U.S. state of West Virginia.Mechanicsburg Gap allows for the passage of the Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50/West Virginia Route 28) and Mill Creek through Mill Creek Mountain. It takes its name from the community of Mechanicsburg at the gap's western entrance. Today Mechanicsburg Gap has a number of interesting features within it.
 The Păltinișu River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Lloyd Lake is a lake in Golden Gate Park San Francisco that is the home to a wide variety of non-native non-migratory birds. Birds to be found within the lake area include geese Peking ducks Muscovy ducks Campbell ducks mallards gulls and pigeons.The lake is also home to some early San Francisco architecture : the remains of Alban Nelson Towne's 1101 California Street Nob Hill house can be found by the lake between JFK Drive and Crossover Drive.
 Pfatter is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Gryffe Reservoirs (also 'Gryfe' see name of the River Gryfe) are two reservoirs known as Gryffe No. 1 and Gryffe No. 2 located in Inverclyde in the west central Lowlands of Scotland. The larger reservoir Gryffe No. 1 is adjacent to Loch Thom with Gryffe No. 2 connecting immediately to the east. Together they are occasionally known as Loch Gryffe.The reservoirs are fed from a stream rising on Creuch Hill.
 The river Ternoise is one of the small chalk streams that flow from the plateau of the southern Boulonnais and Picardy via the Canche into the English Channel. The basin of the Ternoise extends to 342 km² and lies in the southern end of the département of Pas-de-Calais. It is one of the rivers of the Seven Valleys tourist area and gives its name to the Ternois area.
 The Albești River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 The Wakapuaka River is a river of the Nelson Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally north from its origins in the north of the Bryant Range 14 kilometres east of Nelson city centre to reach Delaware Bay an indentation in the northeast coast of Tasman Bay.
 Slieve Binnian (from the Irish: Sliabh Binneáin) is the third highest mountain in Northern Ireland at 747 metres (2451 ft). The name comes from the rocky tors situated around the top of the mountain. These very rugged crest of rocky tors makes it easy to identify in views around the Mourne Mountains.To the south west of the mountain is Wee Binnian and to the west is the Silent Valley Reservoir.
 The Middle Fork of the Salmon River is a 110-mile-long (180 km) river in central Idaho in the northwestern United States.
 Dylewska Góra (German: Kernsdorfer Höhe) is a mountain located in northeastern Poland south of the town of Ostróda in the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship. With elevation of 312 m above sea level it is one of the highest peaks of northern and central Poland. Dylewska Góra is a moraine hill with its eastern and northern slopes covered by beech forest. On top there is a TV tower as well as a 37-m high observation tower which provides views of area up to 50 km away.
 The Teskey Ala-Too or Terskey Ala-Too (Kyrgyz: Тескей Ала-Тоосу [teskéj ɑlɑtoːsú]) is a mountain range in Kyrgyzstan's Tien-Shan that borders Issyk Kul and Kochkor Valley from the south. The length of the range is 354 km and highest peak - Boris Yeltsin Peak (5216 m).
 The Howell Mountains which are also known as the Mt. George Range are one of the California Coast Ranges. They divide the Suisun Valley on the east side from Napa Valley on the west. Historically the southern part of the range has been referred to as both the Sierra de Suscol (Suscol Hills) and as the Sierra de Napa (Napa Hills).
 The Ludwigshöhe is a mountain in the Pennine Alps on the Swiss-Italian border. It is situated near the Dufourspitze in the Monte Rosa Massif. The summit is the tripoint between Valais Aosta Valley and Piedmont.
 The Chenab River (Punjabi: ਚਨਾਬ چناب Urdu: درياۓ چناب‎ Hindi: चनाब (/tʃəˈnɑːb/ canāb) literally: 'Moon (Chan) چن River (aab)' آب) is a major river of India and Pakistan. It forms in the upper Himalayas in the Lahaul and Spiti district of Himachal Pradesh India and flows through the Jammu region of Jammu and Kashmir into the plains of the Punjab Pakistan. The waters of the Chenab are allocated to Pakistan under the terms of the Indus Waters Treaty.
 Laguna Sajama is a lake in the Oruro Department Bolivia. Its surface area is 0.3 km².
 The Vasău River is a tributary of the Secu River in Romania.
 Lumajangdong Co or Lumajiang Dongcuo is a lake in the Ngari Prefecture Tibet China with an area of 250 km². It is located at 34° 2' 0 and 81° 40' 0. Gormain lies a few miles (5-7 km) to the northeast.
 Puzhakkal River is a westward flowing river in Thrissur District of Kerala State in India. It originates from Killannoor Hills and empties into Thrissur Kole Wetlands. The total length of the river is 29 kilometres and a total of 234 sqkm drainage area. The main tributaries are Parathodu Naduthodu Poomalathadu and Kattachirathodu.
 Grand Lake is a 5660-acre (22.9 km2) lake in Presque Isle County in the U.S. state of Michigan. Grand Lake is a substantial lake of approximately 7 miles (11 km) in length and up to 1.5 miles (2.5 km) in width.
 The Elk River is a tributary of the Verdigris River in southeastern Kansas in the United States. Via the Verdigris and Arkansas rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 The Kaveri(Kannada:ಕಾವೇರಿ) also spelled Cauvery in English is a large Indian river.
 The Luan River (Chinese: 滦河; pinyin: Luánhé formerly known as Lei Shui or Ru Shui) is a river in China. It flows northwards from its source in the province of Hebei into the province of Inner Mongolia and then flows southeast back into Hebei to its mouth on the Bohai Sea. The headstream of the river is known as Shandian River. This part of the river flows near the ancient Mongol capital city of Shangdu. Another important settlement in this section of the river is Duolun.
 The Deia River is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania.
 Lake Tuendae is an artificial pond at the Desert Studies Center in Zzyzx California. It is inhabited by introduced mudhens as well as the endangered Mohave tui chub.
 The Ghiurca Mare River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Langebottfjellet is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Racila River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
 Ultar Sar(Urdu:آلتر سار) (also Ultar Ultar II Bojohagur Duanasir II) is the southeasternmost major peak of the Batura Muztagh a subrange of the Karakoram range. It lies about 10 km (6.2 mi) northeast of the Karimabad a town on the Karakoram Highway in the Hunza Valley part of the Gilgit District of Gilgit–Baltistan Pakistan.
 Cetina (pronounced [t͡sɛ̌tina]) is a river in southern Croatia. It has a length of 101 km (63 mi) and its basin covers an area of 1463 km2 (565 sq mi). Cetina descends from an altitude of 385 m at its source to the sea level when it flows into the Adriatic Sea. It is the most water-rich river in Dalmatia.
 The Botolia River is a tributary of the Horăița River in Romania.
 The Rasova River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Obere Bära is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The White Volta is the headstream of the Volta River situated primarily in Ghana. White Volta flows through North Ghana and flows into Lake Volta in Ghana and arises in Burkina Faso. White Volta's main tributaries are the Black Volta and the Red Volta.
 Nishina is the remnant of a lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south-southwest of the crater Maksutov to the southeast of Finsen and Leibniz.The rim of this formation has been eroded worn down and reshaped by a history of impacts leaving an irregular indented perimeter surrounding the crater floor.
 Mount Heber is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 16 km (10 mi) northeast of Gold River and 8 km (5 mi) west of Big Den Mountain.
 The Chilia River is a tributary of the Colbu River in Romania.
 Lake Neusiedl (German: Neusiedler See) or Fertő (Hungarian: Fertő tó; Croatian: Nežidersko jezero Niuzaljsko jezero; Slovene: Nežidersko jezero) is the second largest Endorheic lake in Central Europe straddling the Austrian–Hungarian border. The lake covers 315 km² of which 240 km² is on the Austrian side and 75 km² on the Hungarian side. The lake's drainage basin has an area of about 1120 km².
 Sant Llorenç del Munt is a largely rocky mountain massif in central Catalonia Spain. The highest summit where the Monestir de Sant Llorenç del Munt is located has an elevation of 1104.2 metres (3623 ft) above sea level and is known as La Mola. Montcau 1056.8 metres (3467 ft) is another important peak of the massif. On the massif there is a protected area under the name Parc Natural de Sant Llorenç del Munt i l'Obac.
 The Alunul River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Christmas Lake is a spring-fed lake covering approximately 265 acres (1.1 km2) in the western Minneapolis suburbs of Shorewood and Chanhassen. The lake is crossed by the border of Hennepin and Carver counties with most of the area lying within the jurisdiction of the former. Christmas Lake is known for its exceptional water clarity the best in the Minneapolis metropolitan area with a DNR reported clarity level of 20 feet (6.10 m).
 The Morăreni River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania.
 The Chammliberg is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located south of the Klausen Pass in the canton of Uri. While the south side of the mountain is covered by the large Hüfi Glacier the north-west side consists of a 800 metre high face.
 The Poás Volcano (Spanish: Volcán Poás) is an active stratovolcano in central Costa Rica. It has erupted 39 times since 1828.
 Mount Kapalatmada is a mountain in the Maluku Islands Indonesia. At an elevation of 2700 metres (8858 ft) above sea level it is the highest point on the Indonesian island of Buru.
 Massower See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 68.9 m its surface area is 1.133 km².
 The River Kinder is a small river only about 3 miles (4.8 km) long in northwestern Derbyshire England. Rising on the peat moorland plateau of Kinder Scout it flows generally westwards to its confluence with the River Sett at Bowden Bridge. En route it flows through the Kinder Gates rocks over the waterfall known as Kinder Downfall and through Kinder Reservoir built in 1911 by the Stockport Corporation Water Works.
 Mount Tsubakuro (燕岳 Tsubakuro-dake) is a 2763 metres (9065 ft) high mountain in Azumino Nagano Prefecture Japan. It is situated in Japan's Hida Mountains in Nagano Prefecture.It was specified for Chūbu-Sangaku National Park on December 4 1934.
 Lyne Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is about 4300 metres (14108 ft) long and 900 metres (2953 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 295 metres (968 ft). The primary inflows are the Whitesand River flowing downstream from Hornblende Lake as well as Ross Creek and the outflow is the Whitesand River downstream to the river's mouth at Whitesand Lake.
 Corno Guazza is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Canterbury's Esk River is a tributary of the Waimakariri River. It rises in the Dampier Range near Esk Head and flows southwest on the western side of the Puketeraki Range to reach the upper Waimakariri some 20 kilometres north of Springfield.Brown and rainbow trout are available in the river but fishing is restricted.
 The Salabro River is a river of Minas Gerais and Goiás states in central Brazil.
 Lomseggi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Briance (French: la Briance) is a 57.7 km (35.9 mi) long river in the Haute-Vienne département central France. Its source is at La Croisille-sur-Briance. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Vienne into which it flows between Condat-sur-Vienne and Bosmie-l'Aiguille.
 Nokhu Crags is a mountain peak and rock formation in the Rocky Mountains of southeastern Jackson County Colorado reaching an elevation of 12485 feet (3805 m). The name is derived from Arapahoe Neaha-no-xhu meaning Eagles Nest. It is located within State Forest State Park just northwest of Rocky Mountain National Park. The peak is a part of the Never Summer Mountains on the northwest side of the continental divide near the headwaters of the Michigan River.
 Jacobi is a lunar crater that is located in the southern highlands on the near side of the Moon. It lies southeast of the crater Lilius with Cuvier to the north-northwest and Baco to the northeast. The crater is 68 kilometers in diameter and 3.3 kilometers in depth. It is from the Pre-Nectarian period 4.55 to 3.92 billion years ago.This crater has a worn rim that is overlain by several craters along the southern face including Jacobi J and a pair on the northern rim.
 The Izvorul lui Comișel River is a tributary of the Bâsculița River in Romania.
 Schweinitzer Fließ is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Jiesa Lake (Chinese: 杰萨错; pinyin: Jiésà Cuò) or Gyesar Tso (Tibetan: སྒྱེ་གསར་མཚོ Wylie: sgye gsar mtsho ZYPY: Gyesar Tso) is a lake in Coqên County in the Ngari Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. It is located southwest of Coqên Town. Fed by 27 small streams it is 32.1 km long and 7.2 km wide and has an area of 146.4 square km.
 The De Contas River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Mănerău River is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 This article is about a mountain located in Peterborough and Temple New Hampshire and should not be confused with the nearby Mount Monadnock. For other uses of the term see Monadnock (disambiguation)Pack Monadnock or Pack Monadnock Mountain 2290 feet (700 m) is the highest peak of the Wapack Range of mountains and the highest point in Hillsborough County New Hampshire. The mountain a monadnock is located in south-central New Hampshire within the towns of Peterborough and Temple.
 Trapper Lake is a lake in Alaska that lies to the north of Wasilla. It has no road access. The only way to get there is via seaplane or snowmobile in the winter.
 Lake Nero (Russian: Не́ро) is a shallow highly eutrophic lake in Yaroslavl Oblast Russia. The lake has an area of 54.4 km² a maximum length of 13 km width 8 km and depth 3.6 m. The bottom of the lake is covered with thick layer of silt sapropel (a sort of ooze used as fertilizer and for other purposes).The lake is estimated to be about 500 thousand years old making it one of a few pre-ice age lakes in central Russia.The first people settled at the lake at 6 thousand years ago.
 Lyapunov is a lunar crater named for Aleksandr Lyapunov that is located along the east-northeastern limb of the Moon and is viewed from the side by observers on Earth. The eastern rim of this crater just falls into the section of the Moon called the far side and visibility of this formation is affected by libration.This crater is attached to the south-southeastern rim of the larger walled plain Rayleigh.
 Beketov is a small lunar crater that lies in the northern reaches of the Mare Tranquillitatis. To the south is the ghost crater Jansen R. Northeast of Beketov along the edge of the mare is the crater Vitruvius. Beketov was previously designated Jansen C before being named by the IAU. The flooded crater Jansen itself lies to the south.
 The Ungurel River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 Bukit Daun (English: Daun Hill means: Leaves Hill) is a stratovolcano located in a sparsely populated region in Sumatra Indonesia. A 600 m wide of crater lake is located at the summit. A smaller crater lake Tologo Kecil is found in the southwest flank.
 Alabama Hills are a range of hills and rock formations near the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada Mountains in the Owens Valley west of Lone Pine in Inyo County California.Though geographically considered a range of hills geologically they are a part of the Sierra Nevada mountains.
 The Erramala (Telugu: ఎఱ్ఱమల) are a range of low hills in southern India in Kurnool district of Andhra Pradesh state. The Erramala hills lie on the Deccan plateau running east-west and dividing the basin of the Penner River to the south from the basin of the Krishna River to the north. The Hill range may be extended along the Penner River basin in Kadapa district.
 The Râul Peștilor is a tributary of the Șatra River in Romania.
 The Coalcomán River is a river of Mexico.
 The Lambari River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Ciortea River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
 The Baranga River is a tributary of the Colentina River in Romania.
 The Quitauau River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Vértes is a mountain range in north-western Hungary in the Central Transdanubian region between the ranges Bakony and Gerecse. The Vértes Mountains are part of the Transdanubian Mountains. Area of the Vértes occupies 314 km2. It is about 30 km long and 11c12 km wide. The average altitude is above sea level is 350 meters in highest points are 487 m (Nagy-Csákány) 480 m (Körtvélyes) and 479 m (Csóka-hegy). Geologically the Vértes constitute a fairlyuniform structure.
 Tryvann is a small lake in Nordmarka the forest area just north of Oslo city near the Holmenkollen ski jump. By the water lies a cabin called Tryvannstua in which there is a café regularly open both during summer and winter. On a hill above the lake looms the television tower Tryvannstårnet (The Tryvann tower) visible from most of Oslo. Tryvann is the entry and beginning of Nordmarka. It is used all year around.
 Beenkeragh or Benkeeragh (Irish: Binn Chaorach meaning peak/mountain of the sheep) is the second-highest mountain peak in Ireland at 1008.2 metres (3308 ft) high (Some sources cite 1010 m). It lies to the north of Carrauntoohil (Ireland's highest peak) in the MacGillycuddy's Reeks of County Kerry. Beenkeragh is joined to Carrauntoohil by a narrow ridge called The Bones. It is counted by the Scottish Mountaineering Club as a Furth; a 3000 ft high peak outside Scotland.
 Batura III also known as Batura Muztagh III is a 7729-metre (25358 ft) high peak in Batura Muztagh which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range.
 The Dickie Hills el. 7831 feet (2387 m) is a small mountain range northwest of Wise River Montana in Silver Bow County Montana.
 Pale River is a river in Viljandi County Estonia.
 The Dämeritzsee is a lake located in Brandenburg and Berlin Germany. At an elevation of 32 metres (105 ft) its surface area is 93.5 hectares (231 acres). It is located partly in the municipality of Erkner (Oder-Spree district) and part in Rahnsdorf a Berliner locality in Treptow-Köpenick district.[citation needed]The lake forms part of the course of the River Spree and is the location of that river's confluence with the short Flakenfließ that flows out of the Flakensee.
 Chabařovice Lake /ˈkɑː.bɑːˌrʒoʊ.vɪˌtsɛ/ (Czech: Chabařovické jezero) also known as Milada is a reservoir in the Czech Republic. It originated from excavation by an old coal mine and flooded former villages Hrbovice Tuchomyšl and Vyklice. The lakes surface area stretchs 250 ha which makes it slightly smaller than the nearby Machas Lake. Its average depth is 15.5 meters and its maximum depth is 22 m. The capacity is approximately 35 mil. m3.
 The Mareș River is a tributary of the Teleorman River in Romania.
 Not to be confused with Graig Goch near Cadair Idris.Mynydd Graig Goch (Welsh for Mountain of the Red Rock) is the western end peak of the Nantlle Ridge and is a subsidiary summit of Craig Cwm Silyn. It is also the most westerly 2000 ft peak in Wales. For many years it was excluded from lists of the Welsh 2000ft hills due to a spot height of 609m on OS maps. However this changed in 2008.
 Weibersbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Maverick Springs Range is a mountain range in White Pine County Nevada.
 Garsjøen (Northern Sami: Gárddajávri) is a lake in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 9.72-square-kilometre (3.75 sq mi) lake lies in the northwestern part of the municipality about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northwest of the village of Bugøyfjord.
 Peninsula Lake is a lake in Alberta Canada. The lake is located 160 km southeast of the city of Edmonton. The salinity of Peninsula Lake causes characteristics such as temperature nutrient concentrations and plant and animal communities to contrast with those from freshwater lakes. The lake is contains high levels of sulphate sodium and bicarbonate/carbonate concentrations which are produced by saline groundwater in the region.
 Großer Koserbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Prow Mountain is so named because it was said to resemble the Prow of a ship. It is located in the Vermilion Range in Alberta.
 Mount Tsukuba (筑波山 Tsukuba-san) is an 877 m (2877 ft) mountain located near Tsukuba Japan. It is one of the most famous mountains in Japan particularly well known for its double peaks Nyotai-san 877 m (2877 ft) and Nantai-san 871 m (2858 ft). Many people climb the so-called purple mountain every year for the panoramic view of the Kantō plain from the summit. On clear days the Tōkyō skyline Lake Kasumigaura and even Mount Fuji are visible from the mountain top.
 Forbidden Peak is part of the North Cascades and is located near Cascade Pass. Forbidden Peak features a rock climbing route named West Ridge route which is featured in Fifty Classic Climbs of North America.
 Ormputten is a pseudo-lake in Södermanland Sweden. It is slowly retracting and may soon become a bog.The water surface is very small fairly round in shape surrounded by quagmire and strongly acidic with a pH of about 3.9. Situated in the Paradiset nature reserve it can be reached by easily accessible footpaths.
 Alanngorsuup Sermia (old spelling: Alángorsûp Sermia) is a tidewater glacier in the Qaasuitsup municipality on the northwestern shore of Greenland. It drains the Greenland ice sheet northwestwards into Tasiusaq Bay. The glacier front is located to the south of the Nunatarsuaq nunatak and to the north of the Qassersuaq Peninsula. Nunatakassaup Sermia a sibling glacier to the north drains the icesheet into the same point at the inner end of Tasiusaq Bay.
 The Réfréi is a river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. It flows into the Roya River in Tende.
 Jablaničko lake (Bosnian: Jablaničko jezero) is a large artificially formed lake on the Neretva river right below Konjic where the Neretva briefly expanding into a wide valley. River provided lot of fertile agricultural land there before lake flooded most of it. The lake was created in 1953 after construction of large gravitational hydroelectric dam near Jablanica in central Bosnia and Herzegovina.The lake has an irregular elongated shape. Its width varies along its length.
 Malheur Lake is one of the waterbodies in the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Harney County in the U.S. state of Oregon. Located about 18 miles (29 km) southeast of Burns the lake is fed by the Donner und Blitzen River from the south and the Silvies River from the north. Malheur Lake periodically overflows into Mud Lake to the west and thence to Harney Lake the sink of Harney Basin.
 The Claro River is an afluent of the Tinguiririca River in the O'Higgins Region of Chile.
 South San Ramon Creek is a 9.3-mile-long (15.0 km) southward-flowing stream in Alameda County and southern Contra Costa County California USA. The creek is a tributary to Arroyo de la Laguna and is being actively protected as of 2007 by the city of San Ramon and other entities to preserve riparian zone habitat.
 Deseilligny is a small lunar impact crater in the southern part of the Mare Serenitatis. It is located to the east-southeast of the crater Bessel. Deseilligny is a bowl-shaped crater with a low rim. It is otherwise undistinguished.
 The Atascosa River is a river tributary to the Frio River which is tributary to the Nueces River in Texas.
 Blue Creek is a river that runs along the Belize–Mexico border. It is a tributary of the Hondo River. It is known as the Río Azul in Mexico.
 Lake Pergusa (Pergoussa Πυργούσσα in Ancient Greek) is a lake in Sicily set between a group of mountains in the Erean Mountains chain near Pergusa 5 km from Enna Italy. It is a vital stop in the migratory trajectory of a great number of birds. In addition to birds which are by far the main inhabitants of the Pergusa nature reserve there are also interesing species of mammals reptiles amphibians and invertebrates found here. At an elevation of 670 m the lake's surface area is 1.83 km².
 Indian River in the Lower Peninsula of Michigan is a 3.9-mile-long (6.3 km) waterway in Cheboygan County that flows from Burt Lake at 45°24′37″N 84°37′19″W to Mullett Lake at 45°27′05″N 84°34′39″W. The unincorporated community of Indian River is named after the river.
 Bolshaya Lyampa (Russian: Большая Лямпа) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Uls River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 34 km. Its source is located near the border with Sverdlovsk Oblast. It flows into the Uls River 55 km of its mouth. Main tributary is Malaya Lyampa River.
 The Bradu River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 The Cosău River is a tributary of the Mara River in Romania. The upper reach of the river upstream of Budeşti is also known as the Râul Mare River
 Piz Curvér is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Range between Andeer and Savognin in the canton of Graubünden. With a height of 2972 metres (9751 ft) above sea level it is the highest point of the chain north of the pass Fuorcla Cotschna. On its eastern flank lies the holy pilgrimage site of Ziteil at 2434 metres (7986 ft) above sea level.
 Maehwasan is a South Korean mountain between the county of Hoengseong and the city of Wonju Gangwon-do. It has an elevation of 1085 m (3560 ft).
 Devils Den Lake is a small lake located on Vancouver Island four kilometres west of Port Alberni British Columbia.
 This article is about a river in Moscow a tributary of the Moskva River. There are three other Yauza rivers in Central Russia: tributaries of the Lama Gzhat and Sestra.The Yauza (Russian: Яуза) is a river in Moscow and Mytishchi Russia a tributary of the Moskva River. It originates in the Losiny Ostrov National Park northeast of Moscow flows through Mytishchi enters Moscow in the Medvedkovo District and flows through the city in an irregular meandering generally north-south direction.
 Crooked Creek is a 51-mile (82 km) tributary of the Owyhee River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The source of Crooked Creek is at an elevation of 3921 feet (1195 m) at Crooked Creek Spring while the mouth is at an elevation of 3343 feet (1019 m) near Rome. Crooked Creek has a 1340-square-mile (3500 km2) watershed.
 Mount Richardson is a mountain just west of Reece Pass and 5 km (3.1 mi) south of Mount Colombo in the southeast part of the Fosdick Mountains in the Ford Ranges of Marie Byrd Land AntarcticaDiscovered on aerial flights from West Base of the United States Antarctic Service Expedition (USAS) (1939–41) and named for Harrison H. Richardson meteorological observer with the biological party which visited this area in 1940.
 The Cobb River is a river in the Tasman Region of New Zealand. It flows southeast from Lake Cobb on the northern slopes of Mount Cobb in Kahurangi National Park in the northwestern South Island. The river's waters are captured behind a dam to become the Cobb Reservoir; the outflow continues to join with the Takaka River. The river is named for J.W. Cobb a local mill owner who discovered it.Brown and rainbow trout are available for fishing in the river.
 Navilevu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Siriwani is a mountain in the Urupampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5399 m (17713 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Calca Province in the districts Calca and Lares. It is situated north east of the town Yucay and north east of the Ch'iqun.
 Rossert is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Antelope Valley adjacent to the Nevada/Utah state line and located in southeast Elko County and northeast White Pine County Nevada is a 70 mi (113 km) long endorheic valley. The valley curves around the Dolly Varden and Kinsley Mountains and the Antelope Range.The valley is separated into two sections north and south with an unnamed badlands region (though labelled as such) between eastern mountain ranges on its central-east perimeter.
 Lago delle Trote is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.
 The Teuquito River is a river of Argentina.
 The Valea Cireșului River is a tributary of the Colbu River in Romania.
 Lander is a lunar crater that is located just to the north-northeast of the prominent Tsiolkovskiy on the far side of the Moon. Attached to the northeastern rim of Lander is Volkov J which is joined with Volkov to the north. Just to the southeast of Lander is Patsaev.
 The Orlanka or Orlanka River in eastern Poland is a tributary of the Narew River.
 The Purgatoire River is a river in southeastern Colorado United States. The river is also known locally as the Purgatory River or the Picketwire River.
 Mount Tampomas is a small andesitic stratovolcano in West Java Indonesia. A young lava flows are found on the eastern flank of the volcano.The mountain was used as a source of construction rock to build the nearby Mrica Hydroelectric Dam project.Tampomas means without gold: in Bahasa Indonesia. The mountain is locally known as Agro Gusti Kencanawati and a lady spirit resides there.
 Mazinaw Lake is a lake in the Addington Highlands north of Kaladar in Eastern Ontario. The lake is situated on the upper Mississippi River. It has a perimeter of 49 km (30 mi) and averages 41 m (135 ft) in depth with a maximum depth of 145 m (476 ft) making it the second deepest lake in Southern Ontario besides the Great Lakes.[citation needed] There is a narrows dividing the lake into the North Mazinaw and South Mazinaw sections. North Mazinaw being the larger and deeper.
 The Baciu River is a tributary of the Gârbăul Mare River in Romania.
 The Dornișoara River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
 The Leopoldsteinersee is a mountain lake in Styria in the east of Austria about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) northwest of the city of Eisenerz. The lake is named after the nearby Leopoldstein Castle.
 Lago di Calaita is a lake in Trentino Italy. At an elevation of 1620 m its surface area is 0.025 km².
 The Mink River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Census Division No. 22 - Thompson-North Central Northern Region Manitoba Canada. It is about 14.7 kilometres (9.1 mi) long and begins at Aswapiswanan Lake at an elevation of 186 metres (610 ft). The river takes in one significant tributary an unnamed river from the Colen Lakes from the left at 54°29′57″N 95°13′06″W before emptying into Touchwood Lake at an elevation of 184 metres (604 ft).
 Pihlajavesi is a medium-sized lake in Central Finland. It is situated in the municipality of Keuruu (formerly Pihlajavesi) in the central Finland region. It drains through a chain of lakes into the lake Tarjanne and is a part of the Kokemäenjoki basin.
 The Răpciunița River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui near Ceahlău.
 Chances Peak is the culminant point of the active complex stratovolcano named Soufrière Hills. It is the highest point in Montserrat a British overseas territory located in the Caribbean Sea.Chances Peak is on a destructive plate margin. The volcano itself is in the middle Caribbean plate but this is because the North American Plate and the Atlantic Plate subducts beneath it causing a buildup of pressure to form a volcano.
 Soodla reservoir is a lake of Estonia.
 The Piranhas River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Emuruangogolak is an active shield volcano straddling the Gregory Rift in Kenya in Eastern Africa. It has a 3.5 by 5.0 km caldera on its summit. The last known eruption was a trachyte flow which occurred in 1910. Steam vents and fumarolic activity continues from fissures within the caldera and along the flanks of the volcano. Several maar lakes exist in the rift valley adjacent to the volcano.
 Issig is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Grand lac de Laffrey (Great Laffrey lake) is one of the Laffrey lakes located in Matheysine at 23 km south of Grenoble in the Isère département.
 The Șteaza River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Pau-Seco River is a river of Goiás and Tocantins states in central Brazil.
 The Păușa River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Clearwater River is the name of a river in the Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan and Alberta.
 The Buffalo River is a 139-mile-long (224 km) tributary of the Red River of the North in western Minnesota in the United States. Via the Red River Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the watershed of Hudson Bay. The river drains an area of 1189 square miles (3080 km2).
 Jurong Lake (Chinese: 裕廊湖 ; Malay: Tasik Jurong ; Tamil: ஜூரோங் ஏரி) is a 70ha freshwater lake and reservoir located in the western region of Singapore formed with the damming of Sungei Jurong further downstream. The lake serves as a reservoir contributing to the water supply of the country. It lies next to the Lakeside MRT Station which derived its name from this geographical feature.
 Fannefjorden is a fjord located in Molde Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is a 20-kilometre (12 mi) long extension of the Moldefjorden running east-west near the south side of the Romsdal peninsula. The fjord begins just east of the city of Molde on the north shore with the island of Bolsøya on the south side.
 The Mitarca River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 Hover Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Hij River is a tributary of the Burău River in Romania.
 The Şaroş River ( Hungarian: Sáros-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name originates from the Hungarian sár and means Muddy Creek.
 Command Ridge (Nauruan: Janor) is the highest point of Nauru with an elevation of 65 metres (213 ft).Passing close to Command Ridge is the boundary between Aiwo and Buada districts.
 The Körös-ér (in Hungarian) or Kereš (in Serbian; also Cyrillic: Кереш) is a river in southern Hungary and northern Serbia a 70 km long right tributary to the Tisa river. It flows entirely within the Bačka region of both Hungary and Serbia (Vojvodina): 27 km in Hungary 15 km as a border river and 27 km in Serbia.
 Santa Maria River on the Central Coast of California is formed at the confluence of the Sisquoc River and Cuyama River just east of the city of Santa Maria and flows 24.4 miles (39.3 km) to its delta at the Pacific Ocean.The entire river defines the border between northern Santa Barbara County and southern San Luis Obispo County up to the Sisquoc River with a major bridge on Highway 101 passing over it.
 Ussuri Bay (Russian: Уссурийский залив) is the north-eastern part of the Peter the Great Gulf.It is 67 km long and 10–55 km wide. Its average depth is approximately 40 m (max 69 m).Ussuri Bay is a popular recreation area in Primorsky Krai (Shamora).Vladivostok is situated on a western coast of the bay and Bolshoy Kamen on an eastern. Other settlements are Shkotovo Yemar and Pod'yapolskoye.The Eastern Bosphorus connects Amur Bay and Ussuri Bay.
 The Trestia River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 The Strahlhorn (3027 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Aletsch Glacier in the canton of Valais. It lies at the southern end of the Gross Wannenhorn range just north of the Märjelensee.
 Patsaev is a lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon to the northeast of the prominent crater Tsiolkovskiy. To the northwest is the smaller crater Lander.This is a heavily damaged crater that now appears as little more than an irregular depression in the surface. Both the outer rim and interior floor are streaked by jumbled ridges of material that are radial to Tsiolkovskiy. Most likely this is ejecta deposited during Tsiolkovskiy's formation.
 Pauini River (Purus River) is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Purus River.
 Monte Talvena is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2542 metres.
 The Hochfinsler (2423 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located south of Flums in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies on the range north of the Wissgandstöckli that separates the Schilstal from the Weisstannental.
 The Huron River is a 14.9-mile-long (24.0 km) waterway in the north central Ohio in the United States. The watershed drains large portions of Erie County and Huron County the northeast corners of Seneca County and Crawford County and northern portions of Richland County.The mouth is on Lake Erie at the city of Huron.
 The River Darent or River Darenth is a Kentish tributary of the River Thames in England. Its name is believed to be from a Celtic word meaning 'river where oak-trees grow' (compare Derwent).
 The Benaize (Occitan: Benaise French: la Benaize) is a 79 km (49 mi) long river in the Creuse Haute-Vienne Vienne and Indre départements central France. Its source is near La Souterraine. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Anglin into which it flows north of Saint-Hilaire-sur-Benaize.
 The Lupoița River is a tributary of the Lupoaia River in Romania.
 The Von River is a river in New Zealand flowing into Lake Wakatipu. It was named after explorer Nicholas von Tunzelmann
 Pinhuã River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Hadley Bay is an Arctic waterway in the Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in western Viscount Melville Sound by northern Victoria Island. It is east of Wynniatt Bay and 250 km (160 mi) north of the community of Cambridge Bay.
 The Milcov River or Valea Urlătoarea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Blåmanen is a mountain in Bergen Norway.
 Gruta de Maquiné (MG-0243) (English: Maquiné Grotto) also Lapa Nova de Maquiné is the oldest and one of the most commercially visited caves in Brazil. It is located about 5 km from Cordisburgo and 143 km northwest of Belo Horizonte in the State of Minas Gerais. The cave has seven huge chambers explored amounting to 650 linear meters and unevenness of the ground of only 18 meters.
 Austre Høgvagltinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Geomangsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1184 metres.
 Shed Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Lake Gairdner (31°34′S 136°00′E) is a large endorheic lake in central South Australia and is considered the fourth largest salt lake in Australia when it is flooded. The lake is over 160 km (99 mi) long and 48 km (30 mi) across with salt over 1.2 metres (4 ft) thick in some places. It is located west of Lake Torrens 150 km northwest of Port Augusta and 440 km northwest of Adelaide. It is located in the Gawler Ranges.
 The Wickham Heights (Spanish: Alturas Rivadavia [1]) are a rugged chain of mountains on East Falkland in the Falkland Islands. They include the island group's highest peak Mount Usborne Mount Wickham and are partly contiguous with No Man's Land. The slopes of Wickham Heights feature numerous stone runs some of them extending up to 5 km.The Wickham Heights are in the northern portion of East Falkland running east and west and rising in some places to a height of nearly 2000 ft.
 Futa River is a river in Los Ríos Region Chile. It drains waters from the cordillera at the Valdivian Coast Range border north to Tornagaleones River which in turn flows into the Pacific Ocean at Corral Bay.
 Hopfensee is a lake in Bayerisch Schwaben Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 783.8 m its surface area is 194 ha.The maximum length of the lake is 2.1 km and its circumference is 6.8 km. It lies north of Füssen in Ostallgäu. Its maximum depth is 10 m. It was formed by the Lechtal glacier and is one of the remains of a larger Fuessener See. The Hopfensee-Ach flows out of the lake and into the Forggensee.On the northeast shore is the resort Hopfen am See.
 The Dry Range el. 6152 feet (1875 m) is a small mountain range northwest of White Sulphur Springs Montana in Meagher County Montana.
 Nasavu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Maol Cheann-dearg (Gaelic: Maol-cheann Dearg) is a Scottish Mountain situated between Upper Loch Torridon and Loch Carron in the Coulags deer forest in Wester Ross Highland region. It is one of three Munros in this area (the others being Sgorr Ruadh and Beinn Liath Mhòr) and reaches a height of 933 metres (3060 feet) it is slightly isolated from the other two being separated by a low col of 420 metres and therefore tends to be ascended separately.
 Apishapa River is a 139-mile-long (224 km) tributary of the Arkansas River that flows from a source near West Spanish Peak in southern Colorado. It joins the Arkansas east of Fowler Colorado.
 Byrma (Russian: Бырма) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Turka River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 44 km.
 The River Garnock (Scottish Gaelic: Gairneag / Abhainn Ghairneig) the smallest of Ayrshire's six principal rivers has its source on the southerly side of the Hill of Stake in the heart of the Clyde Muirshiel Regional Park. About a mile and a half south of this starting point the untested stream tumbles over the Spout of Garnock the highest waterfall in Ayrshire once thought to be the river's origin.
 The Gudea River ( Hungarian: Göde-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Gudea Mare ( Hungarian: Nagy-Göde-patak ) and Gudea Mică ( Hungarian: Kis-Göde-patak ).
 Darkot pass (el. 15430 ft. open May through October) is a high mountain pass that connects Baroghil Valley in Chitral and Rawat valley of Ghizer District in Gilgit Pakistan. It is also known under name Darkut.The pass is about 10 miles to the east of Koyo Zom (Zum) peak (6872m) the highest peak in Ghizer district. The border between Chitral and Northern Areas runs through the pass over Darkot Glacier.
 Lough Gur (Irish: Loch Gair) is a lake in County Limerick Ireland between the towns of Herbertstown and Bruff. The lake forms a horseshoe shape at the base of Knockadoon Hill and some rugged elevated countryside. It is one of Ireland's most important archaeological sites. Humans have lived near Lough Gur since about 3000 BC and there are numerous megalithic remains there.Grange stone circle (the largest stone circle in Ireland) and a dolmen are located near the lake.
 The Indian River is a 4.8-mile-long (7.7 km) primarily tidal river located entirely within the city of Chesapeake Virginia in the United States. It is a tributary of the Eastern Branch Elizabeth River leading to the harbor of Hampton Roads.
 Loper Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Liszt is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 85 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Liszt is named for the Hungarian composer Franz Liszt who lived from 1811 to 1886.
 Chamlang is a mountain in the Nepalese Himalayas near Makalu. It lies in the southern section of the Mahalangur subrange of the Himalayas. Chamlang has an elevation of 7319 metres (24012 ft).
 Vaseux Lake is a freshwater lake located along the course of the Okanagan River in the Okanagan Valley of British Columbia Canada. The town of Okanagan Falls is to the north and the town of Oliver is to the south. The lake stage is controlled by McIntyre Dam.
 Lel (Russian: Лель) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Chyornaya River which in turn is a tributary of Veslyana River. The length of the river is 20 km.The source of the river is located near the border with Komi Republic 6 km south of the settlement of Peles 199 m above sea level. Its mouth is located 159 m above sea level
 W. Bond is an irregularly shaped lunar walled plain that is located in the northern part of the Moon to the north of the Mare Frigoris. It lies to the east of the crater Birmingham and south-southwest of Barrow. Epigenes is located just to the northwest of the outer rim. Along the southwest edge between W. Bond and the lunar mare is the crater Timaeus.What remains of the outer rim of W.
 The Ödriegel is an elongated ridge of the Arber ridge in the northern Bavarian Forest.On its flat summit there are some fantastic vistas that offer a view of the Lam the Osser and the Hohenbogen. Most hikers will pass the Ödriegel on their tour along the European Walking Route E6 by the Arber to Kaitersberg. As an independent he is hardly climbed earlier in connection with the neighboring mountains Mühlriegel and Schwarzeck.
 The Ulmul River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
 The Oanța River is a tributary of the Cosău River in Romania.
 The Funduri River is a tributary of the Grebănu River in Romania.
 The Lechincioara River is a tributary of the Tur River in Romania.
 The Paniai Lakes originally known as the Wissel Lakes consist of the three large freshwater lakes Paniai Tigi and Tage. They are located in the Paniai Regency in the central highlands of West Papua province Indonesia. The largest of the three is Lake Paniai (Danau Paniai) while its immediate neighbor Lake Tage is the smallest.
 Mount Dom Dom is a mountain in Victoria Australia 65 km from Melbourne.Mount Dom Dom was the site of a plane crash involving a Cessna 210 aircraft on 18 June 1974 during stormy weather.An extensive search was conducted by Victoria police emergency services (including the SES and CFA) and volunteers (including BSAR) on and around Mount Dom Dom over five days for a hiker who went missing on Sunday 23 March 2008.The summit of Mount Dom Dom is most easily accessed by following the Dom Dom Road (a vehicle track) from Dom Dom saddle then ascending an ill-defined walking track north from the Dom Dom Road to the summit.
 Brömsebäck is a small stream in southern Sweden on the border between the provinces Småland and Blekinge. Before 1658 the river formed the border between Sweden and Denmark. The Treaty of Brömsebro was entered on an islet in the river.
 The Sterminos River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 Binnein an Fhidhleir one of the Arrochar Alps is a mountain in southern Scotland. It is located above Butterbridge on the north side the A83 road facing Beinn an Lochain to the south. The mountain has several tops including Creag Bhrosgan (711 m); Stob Coire Creagach which replaced Binnein an Fhidhleir as the Marilyn in April 2006 at 817 m; one without any name at all at 748 metre; and Binnein an Fhidhleir itself further to the west at 811 m.
 The Porcărețu River is a tributary of the Miceşti River in Romania.
 The Kiel Canal (German: Nord-Ostsee-Kanal literally North-[to]-Baltic Sea canal) known as the Kaiser-Wilhelm-Kanal until 1948 is a 98-kilometre (61 mi) long canal in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein.The canal links the North Sea at Brunsbüttel to the Baltic Sea at Kiel-Holtenau. An average of 250 nautical miles (460 km) is saved by using the Kiel Canal instead of going around the Jutland Peninsula.
 Serbian Carpathians (Serbian: Karpati Karpatske planine) is a mountain range in eastern Central Serbia. It presents an extension of proper Carpathian Mountains across the Danube connecting them with the Balkan Mountains in the southeast. They stretch in north-south direction in the eastern Serbia east of the Great Morava valley and west of the White Timok Valley and north of the Nišava Valley. The mountains are 800–1500 m high and dominated by karst limestone geologic features.
 The Matanikau River of Guadalcanal Solomon Islands is located in the northwest part of the island. During the World War II Guadalcanal campaign several significant engagements occurred between United States and Japanese forces near the river.
 Silverhill is an artificial hill near Teversal in Nottinghamshire and is one of the highest points in the county at 204.3 metres (670 ft). Originally it was a mine spoil heap on the site of the former Silverhill colliery that closed in the 1990s. It was subsequently landscaped in 2005 by Nottinghamshire County Council with tree planting numerous footpaths and a viewpoint. It is now known as Silverhill woods and is one of a number of recreation sites in the area.
 Bench Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Bench Lake is south of Kootenai Peak.
 The Estero Carén is a river of Chile.
 The Hazelton Mountains are a grouping of mountain ranges on the inland lee of the Kitimat Ranges of the Coast Mountains in northwestern British Columbia Canada spanning the area of Hazelton south to the Nechako Reservoir.
 The Dobreanu River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 Livsejávrre is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of the village of Mørsvikbotn and about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of the border with Sweden. The ending -jávrre is the Lule Sami language word for lake.
 The Valea Boiului River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Singgalang is a volcano in West Sumatra Indonesia. Its elevation is 2877 m (9439 ft). It is a twin volcano with Mount Tandikat which is located to the south-south-west of Singgalang. However only Tandikat has had historical volcanic activity. The cities of Bukittinggi and Padang Panjang are located adjacent to the mountain. There are 2 lakes at the summit named Dewi (Goddess) and Kumbang (Beetle).
 The Laptev Sea (Russian: мо́ре Ла́птевых) is a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean. It is located between the northern coast of Siberia the Taimyr Peninsula Severnaya Zemlya and the New Siberian Islands. Its northern boundary passes from the Arctic Cape to a point with co-ordinates of 79°N and 139°E and ends at the Anisiy Cape.
 The Serpentine (also known as the Serpentine River) is a 40 acres (16 ha) recreational lake in Hyde Park London England created in 1730 at the behest of Queen Caroline. Although it is common to refer to the entire body of water as The Serpentine strictly the name refers only to the eastern half of the lake.
 Ninigret is a coastal lagoon in Charlestown Rhode Island in the United States located at 41°22′45″N 71°38′43″W. It is the largest of the nine lagoons or salt ponds in southern Rhode Island. It is utilized for recreational actives as well as oyster and quahog harvesting. Found along its shores are extensive archaeological remains. Ninigret Pond like others in the region was formed after the recession of the glaciers 12000 years ago.
 The Bodó River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Pănicerul River or Pănicelul River is a tributary of the Sohodol River in Romania.
 The Preto River (Piabanha River) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Mount James Walker was named in 1959 after James Walker. It is located in the Kananaskis Range in Alberta.
 Descabezado Grande (also Cerro Azul or Quizapu) is a stratovolcano located in the Maule Region of central Chile. It is capped by a 1.4-kilometre-wide (0.9 mi) ice-filled caldera and named for its flat-topped form as descabezado means headless in Spanish. A smaller crater about 500 metres (1600 ft) wide is found in the northeast part of the caldera and it has active fumaroles.The volcano is composed of andesite and rhyodacite lava flows along with pyroclastic flow deposits.
 Reineskarvet is a significant mountain in the municipality Ål in Buskerud Norway. It looks like Hallingskarvet and lies parallel to it a bit farther north east. The highest point lies in the western end while there is a summit in the eastern end with elevation 1733 popular for hiking.
 Bueng Boraphet (Thai: บึงบอระเพ็ด pronounced [bɯŋ bɔːra.pʰét]) is the largest freshwater swamp and lake in central Thailand.
 The Hope River (Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.
 Scarpe Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named after the Scarpe River in France.
 The Bălăteasa River is a headwater of the Finiș River in Romania.
 Canyon Lake is one of four reservoirs that were formed by the damming of the Salt River in the U.S. state of Arizona.The lake was formed by the Mormon Flat Dam which was completed in 1925 after two years of construction. Canyon Lake with a surface area of 950 acres (380 ha) is the third and smallest of four lakes created along the Salt River. Two others Apache Lake and Roosevelt Lake are upstream.
 Grave Creek is a tributary about 30 miles (48 km) long of the Rogue River in southwestern Oregon in the United States. The creek begins near Cedar Springs Mountain just north of the Douglas County – Jackson County border and flows generally southwest through Jackson County and Josephine County to its confluence with the Rogue. Wolf Creek and Sunny Valley are the main communities along the creek. Major tributaries include Reuben Poorman Wolf and Rock creeks.
 Veobretinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Amaradia is a river in southern Romania. It is a left tributary of the Jiu River and flows into the Jiu near the city Craiova. The Amaradia flows through the villages Roșia de Amaradia Bustuchin Logreşti-Moşteni Logrești Hurezani Crușeț Melinești Goiești Șimnicu de Sus and Ișalnița.
 The Râul Neamțului cel Mic is a headwater of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 Montsent de Pallars is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2883 metres above sea level.
 Lesser Caucasus ( Azeri: Kiçik Qafqaz Dağları Georgian: მცირე კავკასიონიArmenian: Փոքր Կովկաս Pʿokʿr Kovkas  Russian: Малый Кавказ sometimes translated as Caucasus Minor) is second of the two main mountain ranges of Caucasus mountains of length about 600 km (370 mi).It runs parallel to the Greater Caucasus at a distance averaging about 100 km (62 mi) south from Likhi Range (Georgia) and limits the Armenian Highland from the North and North-East.It is connected to the Greater Caucasus by the Likhi Range (Georgia) and separated from it by the Kolkhida Lowland (Georgia) in the West and Kura Depression (Azerbaijan) (by Kura River) in the East.The highest peak is Aragats 4090 m (13420 ft).The borders between Georgia Azerbaijan and Armenia run through the range although its crest does not usually define the border.
 Lisi lake (Georgian: ლისის ტბა) is a small lake in the vicinity of Tbilisi Georgia; belongs to the Kura River valley home to a large mixed-use development project by the same name. The landscape is rocky and arid with shrub vegetation and plots of steppe. The lake itself provides a shelter to various waterbirds. In landscapes near the lake one can watch small reptiles birds fox and hare Mediterranean plant associations.
 Finsch is a relatively small lunar crater in the mid-part of Mare Serenitatis that has been completely covered by the mare forming a ghost crater in the lava plain. It is located to the south-southeast of the crater Sarabhai.
 Williams Glacier is a 1.2-mile (1.9 km) long glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It trends northwest to its terminus 4.5 mi (7.2 km) east of College Point and 50 mi (80 km) west of Valdez. The name was reported in 1908 by Grant and Higgins (1910 pl. 2) USGS. It was named for Williams College in Williamstown Massachusetts.
 The Little Falling River is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 Sleeping Beauty Mountain (also known as Mount Patukan Mount Mating-oy Dinayao Mount Mantingoy) is a mountain ridge in Kalinga province of the Philippines. The mountain is called as such because the silhouette of the northern ridge resembles a sleeping woman. It is usually best viewed from the west near the municipality Tinglayan in the Chico River valley but it can also be viewed from the east near Tanudan.
 TheTawachiche River flows from north to south on a distance of 25 km entirely in the territory of the Municipality of Lac-aux-Sables in Mauricie in the province of Quebec Canada.
 The Carajás Mountains or Serra dos Carajás are a mountain range to the west of the municipality of Marabá in the Pará state of Brazil. Monte Redenção Marabá's highest point[citation needed] is located there.
 The Foopass (2223 m) is a high mountain pass of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Glarus and St. Gallen. It connects Elm (Glarus) and Weisstannen (St. Gallen). The Foopass is the southernmost pass traversed by a trail between the two cantons.The pass is overlooked by the Foostock and Piz Sardona.
 The Carecuru River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Fagu Oltului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Gula Mons is a volcano in western Eistla Regio on Venus; it is 3 kilometers (1.9 mi) high and located at approximately 22 degrees north latitude 359 degrees east longitude.
 Baffin Bay (Inuktitut: Saknirutiak Imanga French: Baie de Baffin) located between Baffin Island and the southwest coast of Greenland is a marginal sea of the North Atlantic Ocean. It is connected to the Atlantic via Davis Strait and the Labrador Sea. A narrower Nares Strait connects Baffin Bay with the Arctic Ocean.The bay area was inhabited from around 500 BC by the Dorset and then Thule and Inuit people.
 Chickamin Glacier is in the U.S. state of Washington. Chickamin Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest and flows north from Dome Peak and Sinister Peak descending from nearly 8600 to 5600 ft (2600 to 1700 m). Chickamin Glacier is separated from Dome Glacier to the south and Dana Glacier to the west by arêtes. The relatively narrow tongue of the 2-mile (3.2 km) wide glacier retreated 800 ft (240 m) between 1998 and 2006.
 The Alf is a small river in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany a left tributary of the Moselle. It rises in the Eifel near Darscheid east of Daun. The Alf flows south through Mehren Gillenfeld and Bausendorf where it turns east to flow into the Moselle in the village Alf. It is by the Czech Republic.
 Gavdnjajávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 3.84-square-kilometre (1.48 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau inside Øvre Anárjohka National Park about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the Norway-Finland border.
 Musketasonan Lake is a lake in the Hayes River drainage basin in Census Division No. 22 - Thompson-North Central Northern Region Manitoba Canada. The lake is about 4.5 kilometres (2.8 mi) long and 1.6 kilometres (1.0 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 249 metres (817 ft). It is the source of the Bolton River whose waters eventually flow into Gods Lake and via the Gods River and the Hayes River into Hudson Bay.
 Goryashchaya Sopka (Russian: Горя́щая со́пка; lit. burning hill) is an explosive stratovolcano on the Kuril Islands in Russia. Its summit is at 891 meters (2923 ft).It is currently active and its last eruption was in 1914. It has had five explosive eruptions between 1842 and 1914.
 The Săldăbagiu River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Sliderock Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 683.Sliderock Lake is northeast of Merriam Peak and located in the lower section of the Boulder Chain Lakes Basin.
 The Pângărați River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Carè Alto is a mountain in the Italian Alps near Trento above the San Valentino valley. It has a summit elevation of 3463 m (11362 ft). It is a mountain of the Adamello-Presanella Group in the provinces of Trentino and Brescia and is part of the Southern Limestone Alps.
 Mount Pangasugan is a mountain in the province of Leyte in the Philippines. It is approximately 1150 metres (3770 ft) tall and located to the north of the town of Baybay. The mountain is densely vegetated very steep and home to a remarkable number of plant and animal species. It has been called the last forest frontier in Eastern Visayas. Mt. Pangasugan Ecopark is situated in the virgin rain forest of the mountain.
 Monserrate (after Catalan homonym mountain Montserrat) is a mountain that dominates the city center of Bogotá the capital city of Colombia. It rises to 3152 metres (10341 ft) above the sea level where there is a church (built in the 17th century) with a shrine devoted to El Señor Caído (Fallen Lord).The hill is a pilgrim destination as well as a tourist attraction. In addition to the church the summit contains restaurants cafeteria souvenir shops and many smaller tourist facilities.
 Simeiz Vallis is a valley at 13.2 S 64.3 W on Mercury. It is named after Simeiz Observatory.
 The Jarbidge Mountains are a range of mountains in northern Elko County in northeastern Nevada in the western United States. The range includes multiple sub-ranges including the Bruneau Range Buck Creek Mountains Copper Mountains Elk Mountains Fox Creek Range Ichabod Range Marys River Range Salmon River Range and Wild Horse Range.
 The Madeira River (Portuguese: Rio Madeira [ˈʁi.u mɐˈdejɾɐ]) is a major waterway in South America approximately 3250 km (2020 mi) long. The Madeira is one of the biggest tributaries of the Amazon. A map from Emanuel Bowen in 1747 held by the David Rumsey Map Collection refers to the Madeira by the pre-colonial indigenous name Cuyari: The River of Cuyari called by the Portuguese Madeira or the Wood River is formed by two great rivers which join near its mouth.
 Cerro Doña Juana is the highest peak in the municipality of Orocovis Puerto Rico raising to 1058 meters (3471 ft) above sea level. It is part of the Toro Negro State Forest and is the 12th tallest mountain in Puerto Rico.
 Lake Enriquillo (Spanish: Lago Enriquillo) is a lake in the Dominican Republic and is the largest lake and lowest point in the Caribbean and the lowest point on any ocean island. The highest point in the Caribbean Pico Duarte is about 53 miles to the north-east.
 The Micești River is a tributary of the Râul Doamnei in Romania.
 Qishqiqucha (Quechua qishqi a type of bromeliad qucha lake hispanicized spelling Gueshguecocha Queshquecocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ancash Region Recuay Province Catac District. It is situated at a height of about 4284 metres (14055 ft) about 0.7 km long and 0.39 km at its widest point. Qishqiqucha lies in the Huascarán National Park south-west of the mountains Mururahu and Qishqi (Gueshgue Queshque) of the Cordillera Blanca.The lake receives waters from a little river.
 The Macaúba River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Koksoak River (in French rivière Koksoak) is a river in northern Quebec Canada the largest river in the Nunavik region.
 Moritzberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. It is part of the Franconian Jura range.
 Lac d'Esparron is a lake in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence France. At an elevation of 359 m its surface area is 3.28 km².
 The Cubatão River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Interpass Ridge is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1924 by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey. It connects Avalanche Pass and Beaverdam Pass.
 Overpeck Creek is a tributary of the Hackensack River approximately 8 miles (13 km) long in Bergen County in northeastern New Jersey in the United States. The lower broad mouth of the creek is part of the extended tidal estuary of the lower Hackensack and of the adjacent wetland region known as the New Jersey Meadowlands.The upper creek flows through suburban communities west of New York City.
 Schattenberg (Allgäuer Alpen) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Briggs Reservoir is a 28-acre (110000 m2) reservoir in Plymouth Massachusetts located in the Manomet section of town south of Shallow Pond southwest of Manomet Beach northwest of Vallerville and northeast of Morey Hole. Indian Brook flows through the reservoir. There are two unnamed islands in the reservoir. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish in the reservoir.
 Intersection Mountain 2461 metres (8074 ft) prominence: 816 metres (2677 ft) is a mountain on the Continental Divide. The mountain is so named because it lies at the intersection of the 120th meridian where the British Columbia and Alberta border diverges from its line along the Divide northwards along the meridian. The mountain is in Kakwa Provincial Park in British Columbia and Willmore Wilderness Park in Alberta and is near Casket Pass.
 The Roßberg near Ramberg in the county of Südliche Weinstraße in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate is at 637 m above sea level the third highest mountain in the Palatine Forest.The Roßberg lies in the Haardt the eastern mountain range of te Palatine Forest in the Palatine Forest Nature Park. Its summit rises 1.5 km east of the municipality of Ramberg on the territory of the village of Burrweiler 3.7 km to the southeast.
 The Valea Mărului River or Mărul River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 West Buffalo Peak elevation 13327 ft (4062 m) is a summit in the Mosquito Range of central Colorado. The mountain is the highest peak in the Buffalo Peaks Wilderness.
 Jefferis Ford is a river-crossing of the Brandywine located in Chester County Pennsylvania which was significant in the American Revolutionary War. In the march of British troops leading up to the Battle of the Brandywine General William Howe crossed here as well as at Trimble's Ford in a surprise maneuver in an attack on George Washington's troops to the south.The ford is named for Robert Jefferis (1668–1739) who moved to the region around 1701.
 Glyder Fach is a mountain in Snowdonia north-west Wales and is the second highest of the Glyderau and the sixth highest in Wales.Routes to the summit lead from Tryfan and Bristly Ridge to the north via Glyder Fawr from Pen-y-Pass to the south and along the Glyder ridge to the east towards Capel Curig.
 The Fundu Văii River is a tributary of the Pietricica River in Romania.
 Kleymenov is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located near the east-northeastern outer wall of the huge walled plain Apollo and to the west-northwest of the large crater Chebyshev. To the north is Mariotte.This is an older worn feature particularly along the western edge where ejecta material covers the rim and part of the inner walls and floor.
 Metter is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Baldum River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 Blue Lake is large geothermal pond located about 16 mi (26 km) south of Wendover Utah at 40°30′07″N 114°01′56″W. The lake is 60 feet (18 m) deep and at an elevation of 4300 ft (1311 m) above sea level. It is located on land that is part of the Wendover Range owned by the United States Air Force but the lake and its immediate surroundings are publicly accessible wetlands managed by the United States Bureau of Land Management (BLM).
 The Câlnic River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 Heubach (Emmer) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mistastin crater is a meteorite crater in Labrador Canada which contains the roughly circular Mistastin Lake.The lake's arcuate central island is interpreted to be the central uplift of the complex crater structure. The target rocks were part of a batholith composed of adamellite mangerite and lenses of anorthosite. There are abundant shock metamorphic features exhibited in the rocks of the island.
 The Puttalam Lagoon is a large 327 km2 (126 sq mi) lagoon in the Puttalam District western Sri Lanka. The lagoon is fed by two rivers namely the Kala Oya and Mi Oya discharging at 2.2 m3/s (77.7 cu ft/s) and 8.1 m3/s (286.0 cu ft/s) respectively. It is linked to Mundal Lagoon 15 km (9.3 mi) to the south by a channel. The lagoon's water is brackish to saline.The lagoon is surrounded by a region containing coconuts open forests grasslands and shrublands.
 Kirchberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Weierbach (Brunsbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Corby is a crater approximately 7 km in diameter on the planet Mars located at 43.2°N 222.5°WThe crater was named after the town of Corby Northamptonshire England.
 Kölpinsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.1 m its surface area is 20.29 km².
 Imamsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 655 metres.
 Tälesbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Berzasca River or Berzeasca River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Rainbow Peak (9891 feet (3015 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The namesake Rainbow Glacier is immediately east and northeast of Rainbow Peak. Rainbow Peak is the ninth tallest mountain in Glacier National Park and rises over 1 mile (1.6 km) above Bowman Lake.
 Mount Umunhum (Ohlone meaning resting place of the hummingbird)is the fourth-highest peak in the Santa Cruz Mountains of California (after Loma Prieta Crystal Peak and Mt. Chual). The mountain is situated in Santa Clara County southeast of Los Gatos and south of South San Jose.
 The Mount Afdem are a mountain range in Ethiopia. With an average elevation of 2062 metres (6765 ft).
 The McRae River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.The river rises in the Whately Range and flows in a northerly direction through the Prince Regent River Nature Reserve until it discharges into the Glenelg River.It was first located on 14 May 1865 by a party led by government Assistant Surveyor James Cowle during an exploration expedition from Camden Harbour to the south of the Glenelg River.
 Bromelton Offstream Storage will be located near the Logan River at Brabazon Road Gleneagle and is scheduled for completion by March 2009. Bromelton Offstream Storage will have the capacity to deliver an additional 5000 megalitres (180×10^6 cu ft)/a of water working in conjunction with Cedar Grove Weir and the proposed Wyaralong Dam to improve the reliability of the Logan River Water Supply Scheme in drought conditions.
 The Valea Sprânii River is a tributary of the Valea Largă in Romania.
 Harrsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Rendalen in Hedmark county Norway.
 The Ciortești River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania. Also known as Balosina.
 The Mârșa River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Truskmore SE Cairn is a mountain in County Leitrim Ireland. It is the highest point in Leitrim at 631 metres (2070 ft). It is attached to Truskmore the highest point in Sligo which is 16 metres (53ft) higher.
 Mzymta (Russian: Мзы́мта Adyghe: Мэзмытӏэ Mezmytha; Ubykh for frantic) is a river in Western Caucasus Russia flowing through Mostovsky District and the city of Sochi (Adlersky City District) of Krasnodar Krai Russia. Mzymta is the largest river in Russia emptying into the Black Sea. Length: 89 kilometres (55 mi); watershed area: 885 square kilometres (342 sq mi). All the venues of the 2014 Winter Olympics are located in the Mzymba Valley.
 Goose Lake is a small lake in Anchorage in the U.S. state of Alaska located near the University of Alaska Anchorage 1.2 miles (1.9 km) South-East of confluence of North and South Forks Chester Creek and 2.8 miles (4.5 km) South-East of Anchorage Cook Inlet Low. It is a popular swimming location in summer with one of two municipal beaches and is connected to the city's extensive trail system. It is a kettle lake.
 Låmivatnet (Lule Sami: Loamejávrre) is a lake in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway. The 11.43-square-kilometre (4.41 sq mi) lake lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of Sulitjelma just south of the Sulitjelmaisen glacier and north of Junkerdal National Park. The border with Sweden is 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of the lake.
 The name Alte Oder refers to an old branch of the Oder River in Brandenburg Germany. Today it drains the Oderbruch basin flowing northwards to the confluence with the Oder near Hohensaaten.
 The Izvorul Roşu River is a tributary of the Bloaja river in Romania.
 Bokhara River a watercourse that is part of the Barwon catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the South Downs region of Queensland flowing downstream into the north–western slopes of New South Wales Australia.The river rises at the Balonne River south of Dirranbandi within the state of Queensland and is one of several branches of the Balonne that flows generally south–west joined by five minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Barwon River downstream from Brewarrina; dropping 58 metres (190 ft) over its course of 347 kilometres (216 mi).The Bokhara River from its source towards its mouth flows past the towns of Hebel and Goodooga.
 The Desert Mountains are a mountain range located in west-central Nevada south of the Lahontan Reservoir and north of the town of Yerington. The range includes Cleaver Peak at 6711 feet (2046 m) above sea level. The range is found in Lyon and Churchill Counties. Desert Peak at 6404 feet (1952 m) in elevation is located in the eastern part of the chain.
 The Pahranagat Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada.
 Congewai Creek a watercourse of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Hunter district of New South Wales Australia.
 Askival is the highest mountain on the island of Rùm located 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of the town of Kinloch Scotland. It is often climbed as part of a full traverse of the Rùm Cuillin a rocky range of hills in the south east corner of Rùm of which Askival is the highest.
 The Pârâul lui Doican is a tributary of the Racovița River in Romania.
 Petzval is a lunar impact crater that lies in the southern latitudes of the Moon's far side. This crater is located to the south of the larger Lippman and to the north of Doerfel. It was namer after the Hungarian-German inventor Joseph Petzval.This is a moderately worn crater formation with features that have become rounded and less well defined due to impact erosion. There are only a few small craterlets along parts of the rim and inner wall.
 The Loxahatchee River (Seminole for river of turtles) is a 7.6 mile river near the southeast coast of Florida. It is a National Wild and Scenic River one of only two in the state and received its federal designation on May 17 1985. The source of the Loxahatchee River is in Riverbend Park on the south side of Indiantown Road about 1.5 miles west of I-95 and Florida's Turnpike in Jupiter Florida.
 Boyne River is a stream in Northern Michigan named for the River Boyne in Leinster Ireland. Together with the north and south branches the river system has approximately 22 miles (35 km) of mainstream and the water basin drains 40320 acres (163.2 km2). Boyne River is Lake Charlevoix's second-largest tributary after the Jordan River.
 California Peak elevation 13855 ft (4223 m) is a summit in the Sangre de Cristo Range of southern Colorado. The peak is northeast of Alamosa in the Rio Grande and San Isabel national forests.
 The Nelansa River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Mount Arlan (Uly Balkan Gerşi) is an 1880-metre (6168 ft) peak in the western plains of Turkmenistan in Balkan Province. Mount Arlan stands about 2000 metres above the shore of the below-sea level Caspian Sea.It is the highest point of the Balkan Daglary range.The town of Balkanabat the capital of Balkan Province lies 25 km to the southwest.
 Tenkiller Ferry Lake or more simply Lake Tenkiller is a reservoir in eastern Oklahoma formed by the damming of the Illinois River. The earth-fill dam was constructed between 1947 and 1952 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers for purposes of flood control hydroelectric power generation. water supply and recreation.
 The Vilan is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps located north of Malans in the canton of Graubünden. It lies south of the Falknis between the main Rhine valley and the Taschinas valley.
 The Galu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Antrift is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Hidaka Mountains (日高山脈 Hidaka-sanmyaku) is a mountain range in southeastern Hokkaido Japan. It runs 150 km from Mount Sahoro or Karikachi Pass in central Hokkaidō south running into the sea at Cape Erimo. It consists of folded mountains that range from 1500 to 2000 metres in height. Mount Poroshiri is the highest at 2052 m. The Hidaka Mountains separate the subprefectures of Hidaka and Tokachi.
 Morgan Summit is a mountain pass on a road shared by Highway 89 and Highway 36 in Tehama County California. The pass is located in between the town of Mineral and Childs Meadow south of Lassen Peak and Lassen Volcanic National Park. The stated elevation of the pass varies between 5753 ft (1754 m) and 5768 ft (1758 m). The pass is high enough to receive snowfall during the winter.
 Big Indian Mountain is a mountain located in Ulster County New York. The mountain is part of the Catskill Mountains.It is flanked to the northwest by Eagle Mountain to the southeast by Fir Mountain and to the southwest by Doubletop Mountain.The northeast slopes of Big Indian Mountain drain into Elk Bushkill thence into Esopus Creek the Hudson River and into New York Bay. The north end of Big Indian Mtn.
 Scobee is a lunar impact crater that lies within the northeastern part of the huge walled plain Apollo just outside the inner mountain ring of that feature. Scobee is located due south of the crater Barringer itself along the edge of the outer rim. Attached to the southwestern outer rim of Scobee is the smaller Smith.This is a worn and eroded crater formation. The rim has an outward bulge along the north-northwestern side.
 Lackenberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Sigatoka River is located in the island of Viti Levu in Fiji and has its source on the western side of Mount Victoria and flows for 120 kilometers to the coast between the central and western ranges. It is the chief means of transportation with some parts of the interior of the island.The Sigatoka Sand Dunes are located at the mouth of the river and the Nadarivatu Dam was completed in 2012 in its headwaters.
 The Pârâul Sărat is a tributary of the Ozunca River in Romania.
 The Mosquito River (Tocantins) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Treene (Danish: Trenen) is a river 73 km (45 mi) long in the north of Schleswig-Holstein. It is a right-bank tributary of the Eider River.
 Ashnola Mountain is a mountain in the Okanagan Range of the North Cascades in Washington state located near Ashnola Pass and the headwaters of the Ashnola River which flows north into British Columbia Canada to join the Similkameen River.
 Sawtooth Mountain is a shield volcano and part of the polygenetic Indian Heaven Volcanic Field in Washington United States. It is located midway between Mount St. Helens and Mount Adams and dates from the Pleistocene and Holocene. Sawtooth Mountain is the third highest point at 5354 feet (1632 m). The mountain forms a series of welded volcanic rock spires an eroded remnant of an ancient shield volcano. Sawtooth Mountain is the third highest point in the Indian Heaven Wilderness Area.
 The Ibáñez River is a river of Chile located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region. It has its origin in the skirts of Hudson volcano and flows south-east through the Andes into the General Carrera Lake. The river borders the south side of Cerro Castillo National Reserve home to Cerro Castillo.Puerto Ingeniero Ibáñez is located close to the mouth of the river.
 The River Brosna (Irish: An Bhrosnach) is a river in Ireland flowing through County Westmeath and County Offaly.The river rises in Lough Owel north of Mullingar and is a tributary of the River Shannon. It meets the Shannon at Shannon Harbour.
 Stillhouse Hollow Lake is a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers reservoir on the Lampasas River in the Brazos River basin 5 miles (8 km) southwest of Belton Texas USA. Stillhouse Hollow Dam and the reservoir are both managed by the Fort Worth District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The reservoir was officially impounded in 1968 and serves to provide flood control for the communities downstream. The lake also functions as a water supply for several of the surrounding communities.
 The Donnington Wood Canal was a 5.5-mile (8.9 km) private canal in East Shropshire England which ran from coal pits owned by Earl Gower at Donnington Wood to Pave Lane on the Wolverhampton to Newport Turnpike Road. It was completed in about 1767 and abandoned in 1904.
 Dugan is a lunar crater that is located on the northern part of the Moon's far side. It lies to the southwest of the large walled plain Schwarzschild and due north of the crater Compton.This is a heavily worn and eroded crater with an outer wall that forms an irregular ring of peaks and valleys surrounding the relatively featureless interior floor. The crater is now little more than a circular depression in the rugged lunar terrain.
 The Yahara River is a tributary of the Rock River in southern Wisconsin in the United States. It is about 62 miles (100 km) long (including the distance across intervening lakes) and drains an area of 536 square miles (1390 km2). Via the Rock River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 The Leque River is a river of Bolivia.
 Lac Genin is a lake in the Ain department France. Its surface area is 8.15 ha at an elevation of 850 m. The lake is fed by underground sources.
 Devil's Kitchen is a small cave on the southwestern shore of Mackinac Island in Michigan USA. The cave was carved during the Nipissing post-glacial period by the waves of Lake Huron. It consists of two hollows in a rocky cliff one directly on top of the other.Mackinac Island's brecciated limestone has eroded into a variety of unusual formations.
 The river Helge or in Swedish Helgeån (lit. 'The Holy river') is a river which flows through Småland and Skåne in southern Sweden. The course of the river takes it through Kristianstad and out to the Hanöbukten in the Baltic Sea.
 The Big Bureau Creek is a 73-mile-long (117 km) tributary of the Illinois River in central Illinois. It rises approximately 10 miles (16 km) north of Mendota and flows southwest into Bureau County turning south at Princeton and then flowing east into the Illinois River floodplain. Among the creek's more notable features is the Red Covered Bridge built in 1863 which passes over Big Bureau Creek and was once part of the Peoria Galena Trail.
 Arrowhead Lake is the name of several lakes in Ontario Canada.The lakes are located in the following districts (west to east):Kenora District 50°43′52″N 92°55′29″WThunder Bay District 49°19′33″N 88°40′28″WAlgoma District 46°30′30″N 82°25′40″WMuskoka District 45°23′48″N 79°12′03″W
 The Șugău River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 The Omaka River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from the slopes of Mount Horrible 30 kilometres west of Seddon reachin the Opawa River at the eastern end of Renwick.
 Tuscarora Creek is a 49.2-mile-long (79.2 km) tributary of the Juniata River in central Pennsylvania in the United States. It rises in eastern Huntingdon County east of the borough of Shade Gap and flows northeast between Tuscarora Mountain and Shade Mountain reaching the Juniata River at Port Royal in Juniata County.It is traversed by the Academia Pomeroy Covered Bridge which at 278 feet (85 m) portal to portal is the longest remaining covered bridge in Pennsylvania.
 Monte Calvo is a mountain of Campania Italy.
 Worlebury Hill is the name given to an upland area lying between the flatlands of Weston-super-Mare and the Kewstoke area of North Somerset England. Worlebury Hill's rises from sea level to its highest point of 109 metres (358 ft) and the western end of the hill forms a peninsula jutting out into the Bristol Channel between Weston Bay and Sand Bay.
 Muddy Mountain is a peak in the Laramie Mountains approximately 12 miles SSE of Casper Wyoming. There is a two-mile interpretive nature trail maintained by the Bureau of Land Management as well as a series of trails popular with mountain bikers horseback riders and ATVs in the summer and snowmobiles in the winter.
 The Murrindal River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 North Swiftcurrent Glacier is Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated immediately to the east of the Continental Divide and north of Swiftcurrent Mountain at an elevation between 8000 ft (2400 m) and 7000 ft (2100 m) above sea level.
 The Whitefish River is a 45 km (28 mi) long river in Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario Canada. It is in the Lake Superior drainage basin is a tributary of the Kaministiquia River and is in the centre of the Whitefish River Valley which is the location of several small settlements that grew along the Port Arthur Duluth and Western Railway.
 Seven Devils Lake is a small reservoir in South Arkansas It is located about 14 miles (23 km) out of Monticello Arkansas. The Lake is formed by Seven Devils Dam. The area got its name after a man that was trapped in the area for days finally made it out a reporter asked if he found the rumored seven lakes of the area the man then stated that there was not any seven lakes but seven devils.
 Kebeney (Russian: Кэбеней) is a shield volcano located in central Sredinny Range in the northern part of the Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It is a basaltic/andesidic shield volcano with a number of cinder cones on its flanks aligned along the Sredinny Range NE-SW axis.
 The Glod River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Río Sana Muerto is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Eugene Glacier is located in the US state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation generally above 9000 feet (2700 m) and is east of Lost Creek Glacier. Eugene Glacier is on the northwest slopes of South Sister an extinct stratovolcano.
 The Capivara River (Araçuaí River) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Sacrobosco is an irregular lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged southern highlands to the west of the Rupes Altai escarpment. It is a readily identified feature due to the three circular craters that lie on its floor. The rim of Sacrobosco is heavily worn and eroded especially in the northeast.
 Mireuksan is a mountain in the city of Tongyeong Gyeongsangnam-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 461 m (1512 ft).
 The Lăpușna Mică River is a headwater of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 The Comana River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Valea Tigăi and Dăbiş
 The Matca River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
 The Mosquito Range (elevation approximately 14000 ft) is a high mountain range in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States. The peaks of the range form a ridge running north-south for approximately 40 miles (64 km) from southern Summit County on the north end then along the boundary between Lake and Park counties.
 Høgåsen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Baker Channel also known as Calen Inlet is a channel of Chile located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region. The Baker River discharges into Martinez Inlet the northern part of this large estuary. It penetrates the mainland about 75 miles (121 km) and opens into Tarn Bay at the south-east corner of the Gulf of Penas.
 The Valea Dușilor River is a tributary of the Dobra River in Romania.
 The Zoitani River is a tributary of the Volovăţ River in Romania.
 Howson Peak is a mountain in west central British Columbia Canada located 54 km (34 mi) southwest of Telkwa and southwest of the head of Telkwa River. This prominent mountain is the highest of the Howson Range. Howson Peak was first climbed in 1958 after an accident during a 1957 attempt in which Rex Gibson then president of the Alpine Club of Canada was killed. That route as well as many other lines remains unclimbed.
 The Burduja River is a tributary of the Urechioiu River in Romania.
 The Cima Verosso (2444 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located west of Bognanco in the Italian region of Piedmont. It lies on the range east of the Portjengrat between the Val Divedro and the Valle di Bognanco. Its summit lies just south of the watershed and the border with Switzerland.On its western (Swiss side) the mountain overlooks the lake Tschawinersee.
 The Neteda River is a tributary of the Păscoaia River in Romania.
 Arriari River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Tanga Islands are an island group in Papua New Guinea located northeast of New Ireland and part of the Bismarck Archipelago. The islands are the remnants of a stratovolcano which collapsed to form a caldera. Lif (283 m) Tefa (155 m) and Malendok (472 m) islands are on the caldera rim while Bitlik and Bitbok islands are lava domes constructed near the center of the caldera.Former Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea Julius Chan is a native of the Tanga Islands.
 Tschingelsee is a lake in the valley Kiental of the Canton of Berne Switzerland. It formed on Tschingelalp in 1972 after severe weather. Since 1987 the area is a nature preserve.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Stiniș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Jupâneasa River is a tributary of the Băniţa river in Romania.
 The Sălbăgel River is a tributary of the Spaia River in Romania. The name Sălbăgel is said to be named after a boy named Salbatore which means Savior. The myth has it that the boy saved a horse from drowning in the river. The horse belonged to the Gods. The Gods being pleased by the Salbatore awarded him by naming the river after him. However the myth is not very well known among the locals however it has been passed down generations.
 Mount Terrible is a mountain within the Great Dividing Range located to the south-west of Kevington in Victoria Australia. The mountain is located within the 100 hectares (250 acres) Mount Terrible Natural Features and Scenic Reserve.
 The São João River (Ji-Paraná River) is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Jatun Wila Qullu (Quechua jatun hatun big greatAymara wila red or blood qullu mountain great red mountain hispanicized spelling Jatun Wila Kkollu Jatun Willa Kollu) is a mountain in the Andes in Bolivia about 5214 m (17106 ft) high. It is located south east of Poopó Lake in the Oruro Department Challapata Province Quillacas Municipality Soraga Canton east of Sevaruyo and near the border to the Potosí Department.
 Loch Tarsan is an impounding reservoir located 13 kilometres north west of Dunoon and is a three-armed reservoir extending into both Glen Tarsan and Glen Lean. It supplies water to the Striven Hydro-Electric Scheme (also known as the Cowal Hydro-Electric Power Scheme). The larger of the two dams is 17.6 metres high and was completed in 1953.
 Ysgyryd Fawr is an easterly outlier of the Black Mountains in Wales and forms the easternmost part of the Brecon Beacons National Park. The name is often anglicised to The Skirrid or Skirrid Fawr and the mountain is also known as Holy Mountain or Sacred Hill. The spelling Skyrrid is also encountered in older literature.
 The Donnersberg is the highest peak of the Palatinate (German: Pfalz) region of Germany. The mountain lies between the towns of Rockenhausen en Kirchheimbolanden in the Donnersbergkreis district which is named after the mountain. The highway A63 runs along the southern edge of the Donnersberg. European walking route E8 runs across the mountain.The highest point of the Donnersberg is the rock Königstuhl (king's seat) at 687 metres above sea level.
 The Grossglockner (German: Großglockner or just Glockner Slovene: Veliki Klek) is at 3798 metres above the Adriatic (12461 ft) the highest mountain of Austria and the highest mountain in the Alps east of the Brenner Pass. It is part of the larger Glockner Group of the Hohe Tauern range situated along the main ridge of the Central Eastern Alps and the Alpine divide.
 The Muddy River is a stream about 29 miles (47 km) long southeast of Mount St. Helens in the U.S. state of Washington. The Muddy River flows south–southeast and joins the Lewis River just above the Swift Reservoir. The Lewis River flows west and is a tributary to the Columbia River. The east flank of Mount St. Helens is within the watershed of Muddy Creek.During the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens lahars (volcanically-induced mud and debris flows) swept through its channel.
 Lake Déllő is a lake of Hungary.
 Lough Dan (Irish: Loch Deán) is a boomerang-shaped ribbon lake near Roundwood County Wicklow Ireland. It is a popular area for hikers and kayakers and lies very close to the Wicklow Way.The Inchavore river flows into Lough Dan from the west and Lough Tay feeds it via the Cloghoge river from the north. It is drained to the south by the Avonmore.Most of the lake is surrounded by private lands though the northwest corner is part of the Wicklow National Park.
 Kingsley Lake is an almost circular lake of about 2000 acres (8.1 km2) in North Central Florida about six miles (10 km) east of Starke Florida. According to some sources it is the oldest and highest lake in Florida[citation needed] located on the edge of the Trail Ridge formation. The lake is a very stable lake with a sandy bottom. Its deepest part is about 90 feet (27 m). Kingsley lake is so nearly circular that pilots call it the Silver Dollar lake.
 The Dollesbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake Stella is a 314-acre (127 ha) lake that is located in Alger County Michigan in the Hiawatha National Forest. Other nearby lakes include Round Lake Stoner Lake West Branch Lake Hugaboom Lake Blue Lake Ironjaw Lake Ostrande Lake Corner-Straits Chain and Toms Lake.
 Baldwin Lake is a lake or pond encompassed by the Los Angeles County Arboretum and Botanic Garden in Arcadia California. The lake borders three sides of Lucky Baldwin's Queen Anne Cottage and Coach Barn which is listed in the National Register of Historic Places of the United States.
 Waña Quta (Aymara waña dry quta lake dry lake hispanicized spellings Huanacota Guañacoba Guañacota Huañacota Huna Khota) is a lake in Bolivia located in the Cochabamba Department Capinota Province Santiváñez Municipality Waña Quta Canton and Santiváñez Canton. It is situated south east of the village Waña Quta and east of the town Santiváñez at a height of about 2752 metres (9029 ft).
 Roundhill Reservoir is situated near Leighton Reservoir in North Yorkshire England. It was constructed by Harrogate Corporation early in the 20th century. Water from the reservoir is fed into Yorkshire Water's grid.Roundhill reservoir is overlooked by a strange stone tower. This is Carlesmoor sighting tower used to triangulate the end points of a water tunnel from the reservoir to Harrogate.
 Long Lake is 5625-acre (22.76 km2) lake in the U.S. state of Michigan. The lake is on the boundary between Alpena County to the south and Presque Isle County to the north near Lake Huron in Northern Michigan.The larger part of the lake is in Alpena Township Michigan with the southern shore approximately 7 miles (11 km) from downtown Alpena along US 23 which continues along the eastern side of the lake.
 Mount Hugh Neave is a mountain in east-central British Columbia Canada located between Hobson Lake to the west and Goat Creek to the south. Situated in the Cariboo Mountains of the Columbia Mountains it is the fourth highest mountain in Wells Gray Provincial Park with an elevation of 2829 m (9281 ft).
 Hatunqucha (Quechua hatun (in Bolivia always jatun) big large qucha lake big lake hispanicized spelling Atuncocha) also known as Kulliqucha (Quechua kulli a color between blue and carmine (purple violet mulberry-colored) purple or violet lake hispanicized Cullicocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Santa Cruz District. It is situated at a height of about 4625 metres (15174 ft) about 1.88 km long and 0.6 km at its widest point.
 Big Dry Creek is a 16.9-mile-long (27.2 km) tributary that joins the South Platte River in Littleton Colorado. The creek's source is in Daniels Park in Douglas County.
 The Maiden Paps are twin hills located in Caithness Scotland that have the shape of human breasts.
 Abert Rim in Lake County Oregon is one of the highest fault scarps in the United States. It rises 760 metres (2490 ft) above the valley floor finishing with a 250-metre (820 ft) sheer-sided basalt cap. It was formed during the Miocene epoch. At that time basaltic flood lavas covered much of eastern Oregon. In subsequent faulting great blocks were tilted and Abert Rim is at the western end of one of these blocks while Lake Abert lies on top of another.
 Hoher Straußberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Snowshoe Peak is a mountain in the U.S. state of Montana. At 8738 ft (2663 m) it is the highest peak in the Cabinet Mountains of Northwestern Montana and Idaho.
 Mont Pinçon is the highest point of the department of Calvados in Normandy with an elevation of 362 metres (1188 ft). It is in the west of Norman Switzerland about 30 kilometres (20 mi) to the south-west of Caen near the village of Plessis-Grimoult.It was the site of many strategic battles in the Battle of Normandy with the Allied attack in Operation Bluecoat.
 The Bobenthaler Knopf (Bobenthal Knob) is a hill 534 m in the southeastern Wasgau the name given to the region covering the southern part of the Palatine Forest in Germany and the northern part of the Vosges in France.The hill is located entirely within the territory of the municipality of Bobenthal from which it derives its name. It lies about two kilometres east of the main settlement.
 The Kronplatz (Ladin and Italian: Plan de Corones) is a mountain in South Tyrol Italy.In the winter it is a ski resort and some of the lifts remain open in the summer for other activities such as walking climbing and mountain biking. Kronplatz ski resort is the most modern in the Dolomites and one of the best ski resorts in Europe. 32 lifts 1375 metres (4510 feet) of vertical descent 60 Pistes (116km)
 The Var (Latin Varus) is a river located in the southeast of France. The name Var originates from the Ligurian word for waterway.[citation needed]The Var flows through the Alpes-Maritimes département for most of its length with a short (~15 km or ~9 mi) stretch in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence département.
 Frierfjorden is a fjord in the Grenland traditional district in the county of Telemark Norway. It is an arm of the Langesundsfjord and well into the 1700s was also known as the Langesundsfjord. Frierfjorden stretches from the opening to Langesundsfjord in the south to the mouth of the Porsgrunn River in the north. The much smaller fjord of Gunneklevfjord opens into the Porsgrunn River and is separated from Frierfjorden by the peninsula of Herøya.
 Yūbari River (夕張川 Yūbari-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan. It is the namesake of Imperial Japanese Navy cruiser Yūbari.
 Lac de Pareloup is a lake in Aveyron France. It lies on the Lévézou plateau 25 km south east of Rodez.
 Mount Oxley (Aboriginal: Oombi Oombi) is a hill situated 32 kilometres (20 mi) from Bourke in the Far West region of New South Wales in outback Australia. The hill appears as a mesa-like inselberg rising 150 metres (490 ft) above the Western Plains. It is a small relic of a formerly large sedimentary rock formation mostly now eroded away.
 The Otoko River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally northwest from the northern slopes of Mount Hooker reaching the Paringa River 20 kilometres south of Bruce Bay.
 Kyyvesi (transl.Viper Water) is a rather large lake in the Southern Savonia region of Finland. Spite its size (12995 km²) it's very shallow and extremely rocky. Motorboating is recommended only for very experienced boaters as many of the rocks have not been mapped. Also the limited amount of landing sites is a hindrance in moving swiftly through the lake. A general bathymetric chart was completed in 2006. Canoes kayaks and rowing boats are recommended for visitors.
 Breakfast Creek (Yawagara) is a small tributary of the Brisbane River. It joins the river at Newstead next to Newstead Park. The aboriginal name for the waterway was Barrambin. Travelling up the Brisbane River the creek is the first to join the river on its northern banks.
 The Bến Hải River (Vietnamese: Sông Bến Hải) is a river in central Vietnam which became an important landmark in the partition of the country into a northern and a southern zone along the 17th parallel by the Geneva Accords of 1954.
 The Padina Popii River is a tributary of the Ciorânga Mare River in Romania.
 Waun Fach is the highest mountain in the Black Mountains in south-eastern Wales. It is one of the three Marilyns over 600m that make up the range the others being Black Mountain and Mynydd Troed. To the north Rhos Fawr and the Radnor Forest can be seen.It is situated at the head of the Grwyne Fechan valley above and to the west of the Grwyne Fawr reservoir [1]. It has an undistinguished (and almost indistinguishable [2]) rounded summit [3].
 Pizzo Cassandra is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 3226 metres.
 Weiss Lake is a lake in northeastern Alabama that is owned and operated by the Alabama Power Company. The lake consists of 30200 acres (122 km2) all coming from the Coosa River Chattooga River (Alabama–Georgia) and Little River offering over 447 miles (719 km) of shoreline and shallow flats large coves under-water drop offs and deep channels.
 Lake Vermilion is a 1000-acre (4.0 km²) reservoir located in Vermilion County Illinois. It was built for water supply fishing and recreation purposes. The lake is 3 miles (4.8 km) long and 0.5 miles (0.8 km) wide. The nearest city is Danville in eastern Illinois.Lake Vermilion is managed by the Vermilion County Conservation District (VCCD) for bass catfish crappie tiger muskie and walleye.
 Moose Basin Divide is a pedestrian mountain pass located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The divide is situated at 9718 ft (2962 m) above sea level and is accessed by way of the Webb Canyon Trail from the south or the Owl Creek Trail from the north. From Wilcox Point on Jackson Lake Moose Basin Divide is a 9.1 mi (14.6 km) one way trip by way of the Webb Canyon Trail.
 Pillanleufù River (Mapudungun for river of the pillán) is a river in Futrono southern Chile. It drains waters from the southern and eastern slopes of Mocho-Choshuenco volcano to Maihue Lake which in turn flows by Calcurrupe River into Ranco Lake. The river flows in a north-south direction along the Liquiñe-Ofqui Fault.
 The Río Caricaboa is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Țurcatele River is a tributary of the Şugău River in Romania.
 Mons Gruithuisen Gamma (γ) is a lunar dome that lies to the north of the crater Gruithuisen at the western edge of the Mare Imbrium. It is located at selenographic coordinates 36.6° N 40.5° W.This massif is shaped as a rounded dome in the surface occupying a diameter of 20 km and climbing gently to a height of 900 meters.[citation needed] At the crest is a small craterlet.
 The Cicârlăuț River is a tributary of the Cicârlău River in Romania.
 The Râul Fânețelor is a tributary of the Fitod River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Mare River is a tributary of the Râmnicel River in Romania.
 The Wall (11108 feet (3386 m)) is located in the Teton Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming running for more than 4 miles (6.4 km) along the western border of Grand Teton National Park.. The peak is on the border of Grand Teton National Park and the Jedediah Smith Wilderness of Caribou-Targhee National Forest. This high point near the northern terminus of the cliff is 1 mile (1.6 km) WSW of South Teton and overlooks Snowdrift Lake.
 The Lewis Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located north of Mereworth Sound. It has an area of 52 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 Morne Seychellois is the highest peak in Seychelles. Morne Seychellois is located on the island of Mahé in the Morne Seychellois National Park.
 The Pic de Bugarach or Pech de Bugarach (puèg de Bugarag in Occitan i.e. Peak of Bugarag) is the highest summit (1230 m) in the Corbières mountains in the French Midi.The western part of the mountain is located on the territory of the commune of Bugarach. Its eastern part is on the territory of Camps-sur-l'Agly.The geology of the Pic de Bugarach is striking. Its top layer is an overthrust from the Iberian plate and is older than the bottom ones.
 Lake Beshear is a 760-acre (3.1 km2) reservoir located in Caldwell and Christian counties in Kentucky. Impounded in 1962 the lake lies within the Pennyrile Forest State Resort Park.
 Toller Down is one of the highest hills in the county of Dorset England. It stands 252 metres (827 feet) high and is just 200 metres west of the main A356 road from Dorchester to Crewkerne. It is part of the Dorset Downs. Its prominence of just under 100 metres classifies it as a sub-HuMP.The summit is about 2 kilometres south of the village of Corscombe.There are standing stones (the Hore Stones) just north of the summit by the junction of the A356 with a minor road.
 Lake Urmia (Persian: دریاچه ارومیه‎ Daryache-ye Orumiye Azerbaijani: Urmu gölü اورمو گؤلو Kurdish WermyArmenian: Ուրմիա Լիճ Urmia Lich; ancient name: Lake Matiene) is a salt lake in northwestern Iran near Iran's border with Turkey. The lake is between the Eastern Azerbaijan and Western Azerbaijan west of the southern portion of the similarly shaped Caspian Sea.
 Ludham Bridge is a hamlet on the River Ant on the Norfolk Broads in Norfolk England. It carries road traffic from Wroxham to Potter Heigham on the A1062. The bridge has 2.59m (8' 6) mean headroom for vessels and to the north has 130 metres of free 24 hours public mooring available to river craft.
 Rukuruku River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Sericu River is a tributary of the Glavacioc River in Romania.
 Lake Chatuge is a man-made reservoir created by the Chatuge Dam which finished construction in 1942.
 The Valea Săbii River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 The Șipoțelu River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Sgùrr Thuilm is a mountain in the Glenfinnan area of the Highlands of Scotland. It stands at the head of Glen Finnan approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Loch Shiel.
 The Tschingellochtighorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located south of Adelboden in the Bernese Oberland. It overlooks the Engstligenalp on its western side.
 Mach is a large lunar crater of the class known as a walled plain. It is located on the far side of the Moon and cannot be viewed directly from the Earth. Nearby craters of note include Joule to the northeast Mitra attached to the western outer rim and Henyey to the southwest.This is a prominent but eroded formation with multiple craters along the rim and interior. The crater Harvey breaks across the eastern rim and its outer rampart spills across the interior floor of Mach.
 Porter Peak is the highest mountain in the Bull Run Mountains of northern Elko County Nevada. It is located in the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
 The Middle Fork Eel River is a major tributary of the Eel River of northwestern California in the United States. It drains a rugged and sparsely populated region of the Yolla Bolly Mountains part of the California Coast Range in Trinity and Mendocino Counties. Its watershed comprises roughly 745 square miles (1930 km2) of land or 20% of the entire Eel River basin.
 The Valea Sticlăriei River is a tributary of the Valea Poienii River in Romania.
 The Sankwala Mountains are a mountain range in Obanliku Local Government Area of Cross River State in Nigeria. The Sankwala Mountains lie southeast of the town of Obudu north of the Okwangwo section of Cross River National Park.The mountains attain an average elevation of about 1800 metres (5906 ft) above sealevel.
 High Spy is a fell in the English Lake District it is situated on the ridge that separates the Newlands Valley from Borrowdale eight kilometres south of Keswick.
 The Phayao lake (Thai: กว๊านพะเยา RTGS: Kwan Phayao IPA: [kwáːn pʰajaw]) is an artificial lake in northern Thailand. It covers an area of 2.3 km² at an altitude of 380 m. The lake has a mean depth of 1.7 m. The town Phayao is located on the southeast corner of the lake.The lake is fed by the Ing River which empties to the north and to a lesser degree by the Tam River which empties into the south of the lake. At the east the lake empties into the Ing River which then flows to the Mekong.
 Oka (Russian: Ока́ IPA: [ɐˈka]) is a river in central Russia the largest right tributary of the Volga. It flows through the regions of Oryol Tula Kaluga Moscow Ryazan Vladimir and Nizhny Novgorod and is navigable over a large part of its total length as far upstream as to the town of Kaluga. Its length exceeds 1500 kilometres (930 mi). The Russian capital Moscow sits on one of the Oka's tributaries—the Moskva River.
 The Mackenzie River is a seasonal tributary of the Fitzroy River in Queensland Australia. It is created by the intersection of the Comet and Nogoa rivers flowing from the Expedition Range in Central Queensland.It was discovered in 1844 by Ludwig Leichhardt a German explorer who explored many parts of Queensland and the Northern Territory.The main tributaries of the Mackenzie River are the Isaac River Connors River and Funnel Creek.
 Eldgjá (Icelandic About this sound pronunciation ) is a volcano and a canyon in Iceland. Eldgjá and the Katla volcano are part of the same volcanic system in the south of the country. Eldgjá means fire canyon in Icelandic.Situated between Landmannalaugar and Kirkjubæjarklaustur Eldgjá is the largest volcanic canyon in the world 270 m deep and 600 m wide at its greatest. It was discovered by Þorvaldur Thoroddsen in 1893.
 Chachas Lake is a lake in Peru located in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province Chachas District. It is situated at a height of about 2940 metres (9646 ft). Chachas Lake lies southwest of the Chila mountain range near the town of Chachas.
 Panther Mountain is a mountain in Banff National Park Alberta Canada. The mountain was named in 1884 by George M. Dawson after learning that the local Indians referred to a river below the peak as The river where the mountain lion was killed.
 The Voivodeni River is a tributary of the Dragu River in Romania.
 Monte Re di Castello is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation 2889 metres above sea level.
 The Nana Barya River is a river in Central Africa. It arises in the west of the Central African Republic in the prefecture Ouham-Pendé and flows northeast forming part of the international boundary between the Central African Republic and Chad. In Chad it flows into the Ouham River. The Nana Barya Faunal Reserve is named after this River.
 Perseverance Dam is the second largest (in terms of storage capacity) and the second oldest dam of Toowoomba city's three water supply dams. The other two storages used for Toowoomba are Cooby Dam and Cressbrook Dam which is located downstream of Perseverance.Construction of this dam commenced in 1962 and was completed in 1965. Perseverance dam is located approximately 35 km Northeast of Toowoomba on Perseverance Creek which is a tributary of Cressbrook Creek.
 The Boroș River (Hungarian: Boros-pataka meaning Winy Creek) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Shutlingsloe is a hill near the village of Wildboarclough in the east of the county of Cheshire.
 Langille Glacier is an alpine glacier on the north slope of Mount Hood in the U.S. state of Oregon. It lies at an average altitude of 7500 feet (2300 m). The glacier lies entirely within Mount Hood Wilderness and is connected to Eliot Glacier to the south.
 The Sibelaș River is a tributary of the Sibiel River in Romania.
 The Clover Valley of Nevada is a 37-mile (60 km) long valley located in central-southeast Elko County. Wells Nevada lies at its north end on I-80.Clover Valley lies at the east flank of the mostly north-trending East Humboldt Range which supplies numerous creeks to the north valley; the mountain forests supplying the water are a section of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. A slough exists in the north which drains south to intermittent Snow Water Lake.
 The Veţa River is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
 Balzac is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 80 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Balzac is named for the French writer Honoré de Balzac who lived from 1799 to 1850.
 Lake Alksnaitis is a lake in the Ignalina district eastern Lithuania. It is located in the Aukštaitija National Park about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) northwest of Linkmenys village. The lake connects with Lake Alksnas Lake Ūkojas and Lake Linkmenas.
 Temescal Creek (shown on federal maps as Temescal Wash) is an approximately 29-mile-long (47 km) watercourse in the U.S. state of California. Flowing primarily in a northwestern direction it connects Lake Elsinore with the Santa Ana River. It drains the eastern slopes of the Santa Ana Mountains on its left and on its right the western slopes of the Temescal Mountains along its length.
 Bound Brook is a tributary of the Raritan River in Middlesex County New Jersey in the United States.Its name comes from a boundary in an Indian deed. The stream is referred to as Sacunk a Native American name meaning slow sluggish stream on early maps of the area.It rises in Edison (near Interstate 287 and County Route 501) and flows through the Dismal Swamp. It then flows through South Plainfield and the Cedar Brook joins it southwest of Spring Lake.
 Les Perrons (or Le Perron ) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps located on the border between Switzerland and France. The main summit (2674 m) is named Grand Perron. It overlooks the Lac d'Emosson on its northern side.
 The Indian River is river in Peterborough County in Central Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a tributary of Rice Lake.
 Mount Lykaion (Ancient Greek: Λύκαιον ὄρος Lýkaion Óros; Latin: Mons Lycaeus) is a mountain in Arcadia Greece. Lykaion has two peaks: Stefani to the north and St. Ilias (Άγιος Ηλίας Agios Īlías) to the south where the altar of Zeus is located. The northern peak is higher (1421 m) than the southern (1382 m).
 Tangier Grand Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lake Glenville is a reservoir located just 8 miles from Cashiers North Carolina. It was formed by the damming of the west fork of the Tuckasegee River in 1941. Between 1951 and 2002 it was officially known as Thorpe Reservoir after J. E. S. Thorpe Nantahala Power's first president. It is still listed as such on many maps. The lake bottom plunges as steeply as the mountains that meet the shore. The depth a short distance from the water’s edge may register 80 feet (24 m) or more.
 Rasuwillka (Quechua hispanicized spellings Rasohuilca Rasuvilca Razohuilca Razuhuilca Razuhuillca Razuwillka Rasu Bilca Rasu Willca Razu Bilca) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru. It is situated in the Ayacucho Region Huanta Province Huanta District and in the La Mar Province Tambo District. Rasuwillka lies north of the lakes Muruqucha Pampaqucha and Yanaqucha and northeast of the lake Chakaqucha.By the local peasants Rasuwillka is venerated as an apu.
 The Brada River is a tributary of the Talna River in Romania.
 Oxford Cave is a cave in Manchester Parish in west-central Jamaica. It is 765 metres long and at 290 metres altitude. The cave entrance is close by a main road and because of its accessibility has suffered much graffiti vandalism and litter. It is a roost for a great many bats but these are under threat from the number of anti-social human visitors many there to collect bat guano to use as farm fertiliser others for bashments.
 The Little Elm River is a 10.1-mile-long (16.3 km) river in western Houghton County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Lake Superior flowing into it southwest of the Elm River.
 Little Cacapon Mountain (local /kəˈkeɪpən/ kə-KAY-pən or local /ˈkeɪpən/ KAY-pən) is a mountain ridge of the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians in Hampshire County West Virginia United States. The mountain takes its name from the Little Cacapon River a Potomac River tributary that lies on its western flanks. Little Cacapon Mountain reaches its highest point of 1575 feet (480 m) in the vicinity of Barnes Mill.
 Sveigen is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway.
 Alcazaba mountain is 3371 m high mountain in Spain.It is the third highest mountain of the Sierra Nevada range and the fifth in the Iberian Peninsula.The impressive north face can be seen from the town of Granada.The name Alcazaba derives from the word fortification.
 Wondreb is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 The Lake Izvorul Muntelui also known as Lake Bicaz is the largest artificial lake on the interior waters of Romania; it was created after the completion of a dam built on the Bistriţa River. The dam is located a few kilometers north of the town of Bicaz.The dam was built between 1950 and 1960 and is used to generate hydroelectricity at the Bicaz-Stejaru hydro-plant. It has a height of 127 meters a length of 435 meters and a maximum width of 119 meters.
 Capitol Peak is the thirty-second highest mountain in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the Elk Mountains in southern Pitkin County west of Aspen within the Maroon Bells-Snowmass Wilderness. It lies on the long ridge connecting the heart of the Elk Mountains with Mount Sopris to the northwest. Capitol Peak is notable for its impressive vertical relief rising nearly 9000 feet above the Roaring Fork Valley.Capitol Peak is one of the most difficult of Colorado's fourteeners to climb.
 Lake Micmac is a small freshwater lake located in the Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia Canada.Located entirely within the community of Dartmouth Lake Micmac is also known as 'Second Lake' for its position in the Shubenacadie Canal system.The lake is bordered on three sides by roads: Waverly Road on its eastern shore Highway 118 on its western shore and Highway 111 on its southern shore; the bridge carrying this latter road also separates Lake Micmac from Lake Banook.
 Geographe Bay is in the south-west of Western Australia around 220 km southwest of Perth.The bay was named in May 1801 by French explorer Nicolas Baudin; Baudin named the bay after his ship Géographe. The bay is a wide curve of coastline extending from Cape Naturaliste past the towns of Dunsborough and Busselton ending near the city of Bunbury.
 Mount Moco (Portuguese: Morro do Moco) at 2620 metres (8600 ft) is the highest mountain in Angola. It is located in western Angola.
 Lolo Peak is in Missoula County Montana United States. It is southwest of Missoula Montana.
 Hanging Rock (formally known as Mount Diogenes) in central Victoria Australia is a distinctive geological formation 718m above sea level (105m above plain level) on the plain between the two small townships of Newham and Hesket approximately 70 km north-west of Melbourne and a few kilometres north of Mount Macedon a former volcano.
 Cap de Boumort is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 2075 metres above sea level.
 The Douze (/duz/ Occitan: Dosa) is the right precursor of the Midouze in the Landes in the Southwest of France.
 The Nakara (仲良川 Nakara-gawa) or is a river located on the western side of the island of Iriomote one of the Yaeyama Islands of Japan.
 The Valea Șesului River or Șeasa River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 The Wendenhorn is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Uri. It is located approximately halfway between the Titlis and the Susten Pass.
 Housetop Mountain (10537 feet (3212 m) is located in the Teton Range Caribou-Targhee National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming.
 Rotbach (Biberach an der Riß) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Geddes is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 84 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2010. Geddes is named for the Irish stained glass artist Wilhelmina Geddes who lived from 1887 to 1955.
 Piz Val Müra is a mountain of the Albula Alps located east of Piz Kesch in the canton of Graubünden.The closest localities are Zuoz and Madulain.
 Mattmarksee is a reservoir in the Saas Valley of the Canton of Valais Switzerland. The Mattmark dam was built from 1960-1965. The lake's surface area is 1.76 km².The lake lies at a height of 2197 metres above sea level between the massifs of the Rimpfischhorn and Stellihorn. The highest peak visible from the lake is the Strahlhorn (4190 m).
 Nebenkämper Siefen is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Little Onahau River is a river of the northwest of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from the Haupiri Range west of Takaka joining with the (confusingly shorter) Onahau River shortly before the latter's outfall into Golden Bay.
 Crawfish Lake is a glacial lake located in the Elkhorn Mountain Range in the Blue Mountains of Northeastern Oregon. It is situated between the cities of North Powder and Granite about 1.5 aerial miles south west of Hoffer Lakes. It is not accessible by any kind of motor vehicle. However there is a popular hiking trail that leads to the lake.
 The Granite Range is a mountain range in Elko County Nevada.
 The Truman Reservoir (also known as Truman Lake) is located in the state of Missouri United States. It is the largest man-made lake in Missouri and the dam that created and manages the lake's water level. It is located between Clinton and Warsaw on the Osage River and extends south to Osceola. The dam is located in Benton County but the reservoir also extends into parts of Henry St. Clair and Hickory counties.
 The Pârâul Cetății is a tributary of the Saciova River in Romania.
 Niese (Emmer) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Locone is an Italian river in whose source is near Spinazzola in the province of Bari. From there the river flows north and forms the border between the province of Bari and the province of Potenza for a short distance. The river is then joined by a tributary flowing from the province of Potenza before entering the Ofanto.
 Rammell Mountain (10121 feet (3085 m) is located in the Teton Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is in the Jedediah Smith Wilderness of Caribou-Targhee National Forest.
 Lötzelbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Puyehue River is a river of Chile.
 The Macacu River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Waipahi River is a river in New Zealand a tributary of the Pomahaka River.
 The Hillsborough River is a river located in the state of Florida in the USA. It arises in the Green Swamp near the juncture of Hillsborough Pasco and Polk counties and flows 59 miles (95 km) through Pasco and Hillsborough Counties to an outlet in the city of Tampa on Tampa Bay. The name Hillsborough River first appeared on a British map in 1769.
 The Mattagami River is a river in the James Bay drainage basin in Cochrane District Timiskaming District and Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario Canada.The Mattagami flows 443 kilometres (275 mi) from its source at Mattagami Lake in geographic Gouin Township in the Unorganized North Part of Sudbury District on the Canadian Shield southwest of Timmins to Portage Island in geographic Gardiner Township in the Unorganized North Part of Cochrane District in the Hudson Bay Lowlands.
 Eldorado Valley or El Dorado Valley is a Great Basin valley in the Mojave Desert southeast of Las Vegas and southwest of Boulder City Nevada. The valley is endorheic containing the Eldorado Dry Lake. The Great Basin Divide transects ridgelines and saddles on the north northeast east and south around the valley as the valley sits on the east of the McCullough Range a Great Basin massif on the Great Basin Divide at its north teminus and its south terminus.
 The Kunderang Brook a perennial stream that is part of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast regions of New South Wales Australia.
 The Ak-Baital Pass is a mountain pass in the Pamir Mountains in Tajikistan.At 4655 metres (15272 ft) it is the highest point of the M41 highway.
 The Boutonne (French: la Boutonne) is a 98.8 km (61.4 mi) long river in the Deux-Sèvres and Charente-Maritime départements western France.[citation needed] Its source is in the village of Chef-Boutonne (French: head of the Boutonne).[citation needed] It flows generally southwest. It is a right tributary of the Charente into which it flows near Cabariot.[citation needed]
 Kormilovka (Russian: Кормиловка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Kungur River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 11 km.
 The Ring of Gullion (Irish: Fáinne Cnoc Shliabh gCuillinn meaning hill ring of Slieve Gullion) is a geological formation and area officially designated as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty (AONB) located in County Armagh Northern Ireland. The area centres on Slieve Gullion the highest peak in County Armagh measures roughly 42 by 18 kilometres (26 by 11 mi) and comprises some 150 km² defined topographically by the hills of an ancient ring dyke.
 Lake Tyrrell is a shallow salt-crusted depression located in the Mallee district of north-west Victoria in Australia.
 Lake Las Vegas in Henderson Nevada refers to a 320-acre (130 ha) artificial lake and the 3592-acre (1454 ha) developed area around the lake. The area is sometimes referred to as the Lake Las Vegas Resort.
 The Montlake Cut is the easternmost section of the Lake Washington Ship Canal which passes through the city of Seattle linking Lake Washington to Puget Sound. It is approximately 2500 feet (760 m) long and 350 feet (110 m) wide. The center channel is 100 feet (30 m) wide and 30 feet (9.1 m) deep.The Cut provides a connection between Union Bay part of Lake Washington to the east and Portage Bay an arm of Lake Union to the west.
 Col de Restefond (el. 2680 metres (8790 ft)) is a high mountain pass in the French Alps near the border with Italy. It is situated on the flanks of le Restefonde within the Mercantour National Park in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence.The actual pass is situated on a gravel track leading off the D64 close to its summit at the Col de la Bonette (2715 m).
 The River Thet is a river in Norfolk England and is a tributary of the River Little Ouse.It rises in The Fens around Rockland All Saints and joins the Little Ouse in Thetford.
 The Bogong High Plains part of the Victorian Alps of the Great Dividing Range are a section of plains located in the Alpine National Park in the Australian state of Victoria and are situated south of Mount Bogong. In winter this area is one of the largest snow covered areas in Australia and can be easily accessed from the Hotham Alpine Resort and Falls Creek ski resort.
 Bileća Lake (Serbian: Билећко језеро) is an artificial lake located in the municipality of Bileća in the entity of Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina its length forming part of the Montenegrin border thus a small part being within Montenegro. The manmade lake was created by building the Grancarevo Dam an arch dam across the Trebijanca River which was built in 1968.
 Uyuni (Aymara uyu pen (enclosure) yard cemetery -ni a suffix to indicate ownership the one that has got a pen the one with a pen) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia about 5084 metres (16680 ft) high. It is situated in the Potosí Department Antonio Quijarro Province Tomave Municipality Tomave Canton east of the Uyuni salt flat and south-west of the Nuevo Mundo volcano (Jatun Mundo Quri Warani) and Kuntur Chukuña.
 Waterton Lake is a mountain lake in southern Alberta Canada and northern Montana USA. The lake is composed of two bodies of water connected by a shallow channel known locally as the Bosphorus. The two parts are referred to as Lower Wateron Lake and Upper Waterton Lake the latter of which is crossed at the tip by the Canada-United States border.
 Teslin Mountain 1953 m (6407 ft) prominence: 803 m is a mountain in the Yukon Territory Canada located 44 km NE of Whitehorse. Its name is derived from that of the Teslin River which is named for the Desleen kwaan of the Inland Tlingit people.
 The Chitravathi is an inter-state river in southern India that is a tributary of the Pennar River. Rising in Karnataka it flows into Andhra Pradesh and its basin covers an area of over 5900 km2. The pilgrim town of Puttaparthi is located on its banks.
 Cannon Lake is a lake located in Rice County Minnesota USA. The lake has a surface area of 1593.22 acres and a maximum depth of 15 feet.The lake is part of the Cannon River system that starts in Shields Lake goes through Le Sueur and Rice counties and drains into the Mississippi River.As of the last survey of the lake in August 2009 the most predominant species of fish was the walleye.
 The Tye River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises near Stevens Pass in the Cascade Mountains and flows west joining the Foss River to form the South Fork Skykomish River. Its waters eventually empty into Puget Sound near Everett via the Skykomish River and Snohomish River. U.S. Route 2 follows the river's entire length. A BNSF Railway line follows most of the river except near the pass where the tracks use the Cascade Tunnel.
 The Buquira River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Mount Du (Chinese: 独山; Pinyin: Dú Shān) which means Lonely Hill in Chinese is a small mountain near Nanyang City Henan province China.
 The Walloomsac River (/ˈwɑːluːmsæk/ WAH-loom-sak or /ˈwælʊmsɪk/ WAL-uum-sik) from the Native American name Wal-loom-sac is a 16.8-mile-long (27.0 km) tributary of the Hoosic River in the northeastern United States. It rises in southwestern Vermont in the Green Mountains east of the town of Bennington in Woodford Hollow at the confluence of Bolles Brook and City Stream where it is labeled Walloomsac Brook on maps but is locally known as The Roaring Branch.
 The Valea Verde River is a tributary of the Tărâia River in Romania.
 The Mitocu River or Mitoc River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania. Its main tributary is the Dragomirna which joins the Mitocu River about 100 m. upstream of the latter's confluence with the Suceava River.
 Alamo Mocho (Trimmed Cottonwood) was a watering place on the eastern route of the El Camino Viejo seven miles northeast of Alamo Solo Spring within the Avenal Gap on the south end of the Kettleman Hills of Kern County California.
 The Tuma River is a river located in Nicaragua. The length of the Tuma is 180 kilometres (110 mi).The river a left tributary of the Río Grande de Matagalpa is located in the Jinotega and Matagalpa Departments Región Autónoma del Atlántico Norte and Región Autónoma del Atlántico Sur. The source of the Tuma River is located in Jinotega Department about 250 kilometers northeast of the capital Managua.
 Allt-fawr is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales and forms part of the Moelwynion group. It is on the internal border of Snowdonia National Park and overlooks the town of Blaenau Ffestiniog with its numerous slate quarries as well as the Tanygrisiau reservoir and power station. On the northern slope of Allt-fawr is the Oakeley Quarry the world's largest underground slate mine. On the southern slope is the large Cwmorthin Quarry.
 The Clocotiș River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 Aripuanã River is a river in Amazonas and Mato Grosso states in north-western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Madeira River in the Amazon Basin.
 The Arros (Occitan: Arròs) is a right tributary of the Adour in the Southwest of France.
 Piz Lunghin (2780 m) is a mountain in the Swiss canton of Graubünden located in the Albula range overlooking the Maloja Pass. It can be considered as the roof of Europe as the water running off the mountain can head towards the Atlantic Mediterranean or Black Sea.
 The Voire is a small river in France in the drainage basin of the Seine. Its source is in Mertrud in the Haute-Marne department. It flows through Montier-en-Der and Puellemontier and empties into the Aube River at Chalette-sur-Voire in the Aube department.
 Borax Lake is a 10-acre (4.0 ha) alkali lake in the Alvord Desert of southeastern Oregon in the United States. The lake is fed by geothermal springs 100 feet (30 m) below the surface that range in temperature from 104 to 300 °F (40 to 149 °C). Surface water temperatures usually range from 61 to 100 °F (16 to 38 °C) but occasionally go higher.
 Green Lake or Gageit' Tá is a lake/reservoir south of Sitka Alaska. It is fed by the Vodopad River and outflows into Silver Bay.Green Lake serves as home to several pens to the Medvejie Fish Hatchery.The lake is artificially expanded by the Green Lake Dam. The lake height before damming was 230 ft.
 Mahoning Creek is a tributary of the Allegheny River in Pennsylvania in the United States.
 Lizard Lake (Hants) is a lake of West Hants in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Vesle Jukleggi is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Haselbach (Fulda) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Bae'e River is a river of Papua New Guinea located in Eastern Highlands Province in Ayura Valley.
 The Mahavavy River or Mahavavy-Nord River is a river of northern Madagascar in the region of Diana. It has its sources at the Maromokotra peak in the Tsaratanana Massif and flows North to the Indian Ocean. The main city along this river is Ambilobe.It crosses a very fertile plaine and its waters are used for irrigation of 5500 ha most of them planted with cotton. Its delta in the Indian Ocean covers 500 km².
 Swan Lake is a lake located in the Canadian province of Manitoba. The lake and several other features in the area are named after the Trumpeter Swans found in the region.
 The Taipo River is a river of the northern West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows east from its sources at Mount Zetland fed by many streams draining the north side of the Allen Range to reach the Karamea River 25 kilometres southeast of Karamea.The Wangapeka Track follows the left bank of the Taipo River for almost its entire length having crossed the Little Wanganui Saddle. The Taipo hut is located midway down the valley.
 Glimke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Ciocazeaua Radoșului River is a tributary of the Aniniş River in Romania.
 Boulsworth Hill is a large expanse of moorland the highest point of the South Pennines of south-eastern Lancashire England separating the District of Pendle from Calderdale. Its summit Lad Law is 517 m (1696 ft) above sea level and commands views over Pendle Hill the Forest of Bowland the Yorkshire Dales and the South Pennines.
 The Mărcușa River is a headwater of the Cernat River in Romania.
 Estero Bay Florida is an estuary located on the west coast of the state southeast of Fort Myers Beach. The bay an inlet of the Gulf of Mexico is long and very shallow and covers about 15 square miles (39 km2). Estero Bay is bordered on the west by a chain of barrier islands: Estero Island Long Key Lovers Key Black Island Big Hickory Island and Little Hickory Island.
 Baranof River is a glacially-fed river on the eastern side of Baranof Island in the Alexander Archipelago in the Alaska Panhandle. The source of the river is from the unnamed icefields surrounding Peak 5390.
 Monte Cabianca is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Juravlia River is a tributary of the Cârlibaba River in Romania.
 The Munk River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Piz d'Agnel is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking Marmorera and its lake in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On the north side of the mountain lies a glacier named Vadret d'Agnel.
 Houghton Lake is a large lake in Roscommon County. The unincorporated community of Prudenville is at the southeastern end of the lake while the unincorporated communities of Houghton Lake and Houghton Lake Heights are on the southwest and west shores. It is the largest inland lake in the state of Michigan and one of the largest natural inland lakes in the United States (many man-made impoundments are much larger).
 Aiako Harria in Basque or Peñas de Aya in Spanish is a massif east of the town of Oiartzun in the Basque Country. The river Oiartzun rises on its north-western face.The range is very popular with the inhabitants of the area. Other neighbouring towns are Irun on the north and Lesaka on the east. The massif comprises three summits extending 4-odd kilometres north to south in a row namely Irumugarrieta (806 m) Txurrumurru (821 m) and Erroilbide (837 m).
 The Manissauá-Miçu River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Slough Creek is a tributary of the Lamar River approximately 25 mi (40 km) long in Montana and Wyoming in the United States.
 The Pârâul Neamțului is a tributary of the Mraconia River in Romania.
 The Douglas River is a river of the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. Its source is high in the Southern Alps five kilometres south of Mount Sefton and its upper reaches are fed by water from the Douglas Glacier New Zealand. It flows west for 18 kilometres joined by runoff from the Horace Walker Glacier before joining the waters of the Karangarua River. The Douglas River's entire course is within Westland Tai Poutini National Park.
 The Hogleifa is a mountain in the Bernese Alps overlooking the Lötschental in the canton of Valais. It lies at the western end of the Bietschhorn-Aletschhorn chain.
 The Little Tamarac River is a 14.2-mile-long (22.9 km) tributary of the Tamarac River of Minnesota in the United States. Via the Tamarac River it is a tributary of Red Lake.
 Rippon Glacier is a small glacier located in Kemp Land Australian Antarctic Territory East Antarctica. It is close east of Seaton Glacier flowing southward into Edward VIII Ice Shelf.
 Giebelrain is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Springer Mountain is located in the Chattahoochee National Forest in Fannin and Gilmer Counties of northern Georgia. It is now the southern terminus of the Appalachian Trail.
 The Cotia River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Köyliönjärvi (Lake Köyliö Swedish: Kjulo träsk) is a lake in the municipality of Köyliö Finland. Lake Köyliö is the home of the first documented historical event in Finland as Saint Henry was allegedly murdered on the ice of the lake in 1156. The lake and its surroundings are classified as a one of the National landscapes of Finland. Area has been inhabited continuously since the Iron Age.
 The Rio Negro (Portuguese: Rio Negro [ˈʁi.u nɛɡɾu]; Spanish: Río Negro [ˈri.o ˈneɣɾo]) is the largest left tributary of the Amazon the largest blackwater river in the world and one of the world's ten largest rivers in average discharge. It has its sources along the watershed between the Orinoco and the Amazon basins and also connects with the Orinoco by way of the Casiquiare canal in southern Venezuela. In Colombia where the Rio Negro's sources are located it is called the Guainía River.
 The Izvorul Coceanului River is a tributary of the Topolog River in Romania.
 Munch crater is a crater on Mercury.
 Loch Drunkie (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Drongaidh pronounced [lˠ̪ɔx ˈd̪̊ɾɔŋɡɪ]) is a small loch near Callander in the Stirling council area Scotland.
 The Izvorul Dorului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Tarsus Crater is an impact crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 23.12° N and 40.26° W. It is 18.55 km in diameter and was named after the city of Tarsus Turkey.
 Hoher Brand is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Pico River is a river of Argentina.
 Garza Creek originally El Arroyo de las Garzas (The Creek of the Herons). Its source on the north slope of Zwang Peak in Kings County. It flows east-northeast through Kreyenhagen Hills to terminate in the Kettleman Plain 3.6 miles west northwest of Avenal.
 Moose Mountain (10054 feet (3064 m) is located in the northern Teton Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is on the border of Grand Teton National Park and the Jedediah Smith Wilderness of Caribou-Targhee National Forest. Moose Mountain is at the western end of Webb Canyon.
 The Aiguille de Triolet (3870 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in France and Italy.
 The Poroporo River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows east from its sources in the eastern foothills of the Raukumara Range reaching the Waiapu River close to its mouth having shared the Waiapu's bed since the town of Tikitiki.
 The Campolungo Pass (Italian: Passo Campolungo) is an Alpine pass connecting Fusio and Prat in the Swiss canton of Ticino. With a height of 2318 metres above sea level the Campolungo is the lowest pass connecting the valleys of Maggia and Leventina.The pass is located between the Pizzo Massari (north) and Pizzo Campolungo (south).
 Williamburg Mountain is actually a high S bend in the 150 mile long Tussey Mountain ridge. The mountain was named after the town of Williamsburg and is actually a local reference which does not show up on USGS maps. This mountain is also referred to as The Loop because of its unique shape when viewed from the air.
 Q'umirqucha or Q'umir Qucha (Quechua q'umir green qucha lake green lake hispanicized spellings Comer Cocha Jomercocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province Camanti District. It is situated at a height of about 3900 metres (12795 ft). Q'umirqucha lies north of the mountain Wisk'achani near the Aqukunka.
 The Șarba River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 Yan Yean Reservoir is the oldest water supply for the city of Melbourne Australia. It is built on the Plenty River a tributary of the Yarra River 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of the city. A 9.5 metres (31 ft) embankment holds back 30000 megalitres (1100×10^6 cu ft) of water.
 Middle Run Valley Natural Area is a nature park owned and maintained by New Castle County Delaware in the United States. The park known also by its initials MRVNA is located east of downtown Newark amidst residential neighborhoods and other park land. Establishment of MRVNA was begun in 1975; eventually the park reached its current 850 acres (3.4 km2) of forests fields creeks and ponds.
 The Inajá River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Mont Gargan is a peak in the Massif central situated in the western border of the plateau de Millevaches between Saint-Gilles-les-Forêts and Sussac in Haute-Vienne. Mont Gargan is situated in the parc naturel régional de Millevaches en Limousin.
 Imun is a small dacitic and rhyolitic cone at 20 km (1242 miles) south of Lake Toba and 6 km (372 miles) north of the town of Situmeang. Due to its closeness to the much larger caldera of Lake Toba there is not much information about this small volcano.
 The San Fernando River is a river of Mexico.
 Bull Run is a 32.8-mile-long (52.8 km) free-flowing tributary stream of the Potomac River that originates from a spring in the Bull Run Mountains in Loudoun County Virginia and flows south to the Occoquan River. Bull Run serves as the boundary between Loudoun County and Prince William County and between Fairfax County and Prince William County.Bull Run is primarily associated with two battles of the American Civil War: the First Battle of Bull Run and the Second Battle of Bull Run.
 Loosu is a lake of Estonia.
 Col de Portel (el. 1432 m.) is a mountain pass in the French Pyrenees between Saint-Girons and Foix in the massif de l'Arize.
 Kvitvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the southeastern part of the municipality of Sørfold about 21 kilometres (13 mi) east of the village of Straumen. The lake lies on the north side of the Blåmannsisen glacier just south of the Rago National Park and just west of the border with Sweden.
 Lago di Posta Fibreno is an Italian lake located in Posta Fibreno a municipality of the Province of Frosinone Lazio. At an elevation of 288 m its surface area is 0.287 km². The lake is in a karstic terrain and rich in underwater springs.
 Al-Marrakushi is a small relatively isolated lunar impact crater in the eastern Mare Fecunditatis. It is a circular symmetrical formation with inner walls that slope down to the midpoint. To the northeast is the prominent crater Langrenus. The mare near Al-Marrakushi is marked by ray material from its larger neighbor.This crater was identified as Langrenus D until it was given a name by the IAU. It was named after Ibn al-Banna al-Marrakushi (c. 1256 – c. 1321).
 Pankajärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the North Karelia region in the municipality of Lieksa.
 The Betel River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Kotra River (Lithuanian: Katra) is a 109-kilometre (68 mi) long river in Belarus and Lithuania. The river is known due to a rare phenomenon of river bifurcation.At first Kotra and Ūla Rivers form one river known as Pelesa River. Pelesa originates in Belarus and flows in northwestern direction.
 The Bărâcea River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Kostonjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Iijoki main catchment area. It is located in Taivalkoski municipality in the Northern Ostrobothnia region in Finland. The surface elevation on the lake varies almost 5 meter due to the power production.
 The Sonntagshorn at 1961 metres above sea level is the highest mountain in the Chiemgau Alps. The international border between Germany and Austria and hence between the states of Bavaria and Salzburg runs over the summit of the mountain which rises south-southeast of Ruhpolding and south-southwest of Inzell.
 Lake St. Moritz (German: St. Moritzersee Romansh: Lej da San Murezzan) is a lake near St. Moritz Switzerland. With a surface of 0.78 km² it is smaller than the main lakes of the Upper Engadin valley (Lake Sils Lake Silvaplana).Every January or early February Polo matches are held on the lake. Compared to polo played in the summer a slightly larger and lighter red ball is used that is easily visible in the snow.For three weekends every February horse races are held on the frozen lake.
 Meehaz Mountain is a mountain in the Cassiar Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada located on the north side of the headwaters of Teslin River and to the south of the Atsutla Range. It is a product of subglacial volcanism during the Pleistocene period when this area was covered by thick glacial ice forming a subglacial volcano that never broke through the overlying glacial ice known as a subglacial mound.
 Stone Creek is a tributary of Holland Brook in Hunterdon County New Jersey in the United States.Stone Creek is positioned to the left of Holland Brook facing downstream. It is the first tributary of the Brook in the western section of Readington Township near Cushetunk Mountain. It runs alongside the Bertrand Easement in Readington and flows into Holland Brook at 40°35′23″N 74°48′09″W. Stony Creek Lane just east of the stream is named after the waterway.
 Lac des Perches is a lake in Haut-Rhin France. At an elevation of 984 m its surface area is 0.044 km². It is located on the Alsatian side of the Vosges Mountains in the municipality of Rimbach-près-Masevaux.It is a Glacial Lake that was dammed in the 16th Century to provide power to forges and to textile mills.
 Strumień Godowski is a river of Poland a tributary of the Mleczna.
 Green Lakes (Lithuanian: Žalieji ežerai) are six lakes located in northeastern part of Vilnius Lithuania. They are a part of Verkiai Regional Park.The six lakes are named: Balsys Lake Gulbinas Lake Mažasis (Little) Gulbinas Lake Akis Lake Raistelis Lake Baraukos Akis Lake
 Jabal Thayb is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Riasten is a lake in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake lies near the border with Tydal and Røros about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Ålen/Renbygda.
 Rainworth Water is a watercourse that is a tributary of the River Maun near Rainworth Nottinghamshire England. It is also a Local Nature Reserve owned and managed by Nottinghamshire County Council.
 Lyngen (also known as Norwegian: Lyngenfjorden Northern Sami: Ivgovuotna Kven: Yykeänvuono) is a fjord in the municipalities of Skjervøy Nordreisa Lyngen Gáivuotna–Kåfjord and Storfjord in Troms county Norway. The 82-kilometre (51 mi) long fjord is the longest fjord in Troms county. It stretches from the village of Hatteng in Storfjord in the south all the way north to the islands of Skjervøy.
 Medicine Lake Volcano is a large shield volcano in northeastern California about 30 miles (50 km) northeast of Mount Shasta. The volcano is located in a zone of east-west crustal extension east of the main axis of the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the Cascade Range. The 0.6-mile (1 km) thick shield is 22 miles (35 km) from east to west and 28 to 31 miles (45 to 50 km) from north to south and covers more than 770 square miles (2000 km2).
 Bear Creek is a 2.8-mile-long (4.5 km) stream in eastern Sonoma County California United States a tributary of Sonoma Creek.
 Wahleach Lake commonly known as Jones Lake is a lake and reservoir located in the Skagit Range in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia Canada east of the city of Chilliwack and southwest of the town of Hope.The lake which was a resting place for Sto:lo people on their way to summer hunting grounds was expanded by an earthfill dam and is now 6.4 km long and 1 km wide.
 Hovey Lake Fish and Wildlife Area is a nearly 7000-acre (28 km2) recreational area operated by the Indiana Department of Natural Resources near Mt. Vernon Indiana.The land comprising Hovey Lake FWA was originally ceded to the Indiana Territory by the Treaty of Vincennes in 1804 and then granted to the Wabash and Erie Canal Company. With the failure of the canal the land was acquired by Charles Hovey.
 Gorely (Russian: Горелый) is a volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It consists of five overlapping stratovolcanoes and is one of the most active in southern Kamchatka.Gorely is a large long-lived shield-type volcano that is currently in an eruptive phase.
 Südliche Petermann Range (German: Südliche Petermannkette also known as Söre Petermannkjeda and Gory Otto Grotevolya) is one of the Petermann Ranges trending NE-SW for 22 mi from Svarthausane Crags to Gneiskopf Peak in the Wohlthat Mountains Queen Maud Land. Mount Neustruyev (also known as Gora Neustruyeva) is a 2900 meter peak standing 5 mi NNE of Gneiskopf Peak.
 The Dolina River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
 Vasyugan (Russian: Васюга́н) is a river in the southern West Siberian Plain of Russia. It is a tributary of the Ob River on the left side and its course from its source in the Vasyugan Swamp is entirely within the Kargasok district of Tomsk Oblast.
 The Little Cannon River is a 30.6-mile-long (49.2 km) river of Minnesota in the United States. It flows into the Cannon River at the city of Cannon Falls.
 Tschawinersee is a lake in the canton of Valais Switzerland. Located at an elevation of 2174 m its surface area is 6.2 ha.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Lake Scugog is an artificially flooded lake in Scugog Township Ontario between the towns of Port Perry and Lindsay. The lake has been raised and lowered several times over its history. Though not technically part of the Kawarthas due to its shallow depths it is often geographically linked to them. Its sole outflow the Scugog River connects to Sturgeon Lake.
 The Calcinara is a river in Sicily in Italy. It flows near the town of Pantalica.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Telcișor River in Romania.
 Tongosan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1067 metres.
 The Näätämö River or Neiden River (Finnish: Näätämöjoki Northern Sami: Njeävdám Norwegian: Neidenelva) is a river that is located in Finland’s Lapland north of Lake Inari.
 The Catalan Pre-Coastal Range (Catalan: Serralada Prelitoral Catalana) is a system of mountain ranges running parallel to the Mediterranean Sea coast in Catalonia. It is part of the Catalan Mediterranean System. Its main axis runs between the Catalan Transversal Range and the Serra de l'Espina which connects with the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit part of the Iberian System. The highest point is 1.7067 m at the Montseny.
 The Betka River is a perennial river with no defined major catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Bourbeuse River (French for 'muddy') is a river located in east-central Missouri in the Ozarks region and is one of two major tributaries of the Meramec River the other being the Big River.
 The Burrungubugge River a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 Mount McMaster is an outcrop 2830 metres (9300 ft) above sea level located about 74 km (40 nmi) northeast of Mount Pardoe and 97 km (52 nmi) west of Mount Elkins in Enderby Land East Antarctica. The outcrop was named after A. McMaster a surveyor with the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions Enderby Land Survey Party in 1976 who established a survey station on the summit.Mount McMaster is the highest peak in Enderby Land a territory claimed by Australia.
 Breitstrom is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 North Dome is a mountain located in Greene County New York. The mountain is part of the Catskill Mountains. North Dome is flanked to the east by West Kill Mountain and to the west faces Mount Sherrill across 1000-ft.-deep Mink Hollow Notch.North Dome stands within the watershed of the Hudson River which drains into New York Bay. The northern slopes of North Dome drain into the West Kill thence into Schoharie Creek the Mohawk River and the Hudson River.
 Steenkampsberg (Afrikaans: Steenkampsberge) is a South African mountain plateau in the Dullstroom - Belfast district of Mpumalanga Province. The plateau consists largely of high-altitude grassland ranging between 1700 and 2274 metres broken by rocky outcrops.
 Lake Aktaş (Turkish: Aktaş Gölü) Lake Khozapini (Georgian: ხოზაფინის ტბა khozap'inis tba; Turkish: Hazapin Gölü) or Kartsakhi Lake (Georgian: კარწახის ტბა karts'akhis tba) is a lake the Caucasus Mountains. It sits on the international border between Georgia and Turkey.
 The Râul Luteştilor is a tributary of the Arieș River in Romania.
 New Zealand's largest Manganui River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It follows a generally westward course from its sources west of Ruakaka before its outflow into the Wairoa River five kilometres east of Dargaville. The river's lower course is noted for its convoluted winding path through low-lying swampy terrain and several oxbow lakes are associated with this stretch of the river.
 Attavyros (Greek: Αττάβυρος) is the highest mountain on the island of Rhodes in the Dodecanese in Greece. It rises to a height of 1215 m. It lies to the south of the village of Embonas.In Greek mythology Althaemenes founded an altar to Zeus Atabyrios on the mountain. He was said to have chosen the site as the only point on Rhodes from which his homeland of Crete could be seen. The remains of the sanctuary can be seen near the summit.
 Montée d'Hauteville (1639 m.) is a mountain climb that was used in the 2007 Tour de France. The race caravan covered the first 15.3 km of the climb from Bourg-Saint-Maurice to the Little St Bernard Pass on the N. 90 border route to Courmayeur in Italy.
 Teemburra Dam was constructed in 1997 for town water storage and irrigation purposes. It is located approximately 50 km west of Mackay Queensland. It has a surface area of 1040 hectares an average depth of 14.2 metres and holds 147500 Ml.
 Sierra Carrascosa is a mountain range in the Maestrazgo comarca of Aragon Teruel Province Spain. The highest point in the range is Muela Carrascosa (1214 m).
 Oderbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Czadeczka is a river of Poland. With its headwaters in the mountains near the border with Slovakia the Czadeczka crosses the border to become the Čierňanka then joins the Kysuca River at Čadca.
 The Eagle River is a stream 5 miles (8 km) long in the borough of Juneau in the U.S. state of Alaska. Heading at Eagle Glacier in the Coast Mountains it flows southwest into Favorite Channel 20 miles (32 km) northeast of the city of Juneau. Alaska Route 7 (Glacier Highway) links the city to the river a state recreation area a church camp and a boy scout camp near the river mouth.Hiking trails parallel the river for its entire course.
 Orljava is a river in Slavonia eastern Croatia a left tributary of Sava. It is 89 kilometres (55 mi) long and its basin covers an area of 1494 square kilometres (577 sq mi).Orljava rises in the mountainous forested areas of Psunj south of Bučje. It receives influx from smaller rivers that rise in the mountains of Papuk and Požeška gora. Near Srednje Selo it starts turning southeast and at Pleternica it merges with the river Londža that rises in Krndija.
 Never Never River a perennial stream of the Bellinger River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Bleibtreusee is a lake in Rhein-Erft-Kreis North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 37.8 ha.
 The Barrow (Irish: An Bhearú) is a river in Ireland. It is one of The Three Sisters; the other two being the River Suir and the River Nore. The Barrow is the longest and most prominent of the three rivers.
 The Jacaré River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Săbașa River or Sabasa River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Farleigh Hill is one of the highest points in the county of Hampshire England. It is part of the Hampshire Downs and reaches a height of 208 metres (682 ft) above sea level. Its prominence of 34 metres (112 ft) just qualifies it as a Tump.Farleigh Hill rises about 1 kilometre southeast of the M3 and the outskirts of Basingstoke in Hampshire. The B 3046 runs over the hill from southwest to northeast passing within about 100 metres of the summit at a crossroads.
 Klingenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Batemans Bay is an open oceanic embayment that is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia. The bay forms the mouth of the Clyde River and its primary outflow is to the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean.
 Mismi is a 5597-metre (18363 ft) mountain peak of volcanic origin located in the Chila mountain range in the Andes of Peru. A glacial stream on the Mismi was firmly identified as the most distant source of the Amazon River in 1996; this finding was confirmed in 2001 and again in 2007.The waters from Mismi flow into the streams Qarwasanta and Apachita which flow into the Apurímac River. It is a tributary of the Ucayali which later joins the Marañón to form the Amazon proper.
 Robertsons Lake is a lake of the Region of Queens Municipality in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Hotari River is a tributary of the Soloneţ River in Romania.
 Piz Üertsch is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking the Albula Pass in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It is located south-west of Piz Kesch.
 Rabe Crater is a crater in the Noachis quadrangle of Mars located at 43.9° south latitude 325.1° west longitude. It is about 108 km in diameter and was named after Wilhelm F. Rabe a German astronomer (1893–1958).
 Fuy River (Spanish: Río Fuy) is a river in the commune of Panguipulli southern Chile. It drains Pirihueico Lake and flows southward along the village of Neltume where it joins Neltume River and creates together Panguipulli Lake. The river's origin is near the village of Puerto Fuy.
 Großer Alpsee is a lake in Bayerisch Schwaben Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 72463 m its surface area is 247.3 ha.
 Kippure (Irish: Cipiúr) is a granite mountain that straddles the county boundaries of South Dublin and Wicklow. It is popular for hill walking and outdoor leisure activity owing to its proximity to Dublin city with its fine views over Dublin Bay towards Howth Head. It has convenient access and easy terrain.
 The Nile (Arabic: النيل‎ Eg. en-Nīl Std. an-Nīl; Coptic: ⲫⲓⲁⲣⲱ P(h)iaro; Ancient Egyptian: Ḥ'pī and Iteru) is a major north-flowing river in northeastern Africa generally regarded as the longest river in the world. It is 6853 km (4258 miles) long. The Nile is an international river as its water resources are shared by eleven countries namely Tanzania Uganda Rwanda Burundi Democratic Republic of the Congo Kenya Ethiopia Eritrea South Sudan Sudan and Egypt.
 Ørteren is a lake in the municipality of Hol in Buskerud county Norway.
 The Tardoire is a river in southwestern France left tributary to the river Bonnieure. Its source is in Châlus in the Haute-Vienne département. It flows into the Bonnieure near Saint-Ciers-sur-Bonnieure. Over much of its length the Tardoire flows underground.It flows through the following départements and towns: Haute-Vienne: Châlus Cussac Charente: Montbron La Rochefoucauld
 Rengg (el. 959 m.) is a mountain pass in the canton Lucerne in Switzerland.It connects Schachen part of Werthenstein and Entlebuch. It lies partially in the district of Entlebuch which is a biosphere preserve recognized by UNESCO.
 Raten Pass (el. 1077 m.) is a high mountain pass in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.It connects Oberägeri and Biberbrugg.
 Skræmetindene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Ufa River (Russian: Уфа Bashkir: Ҡариҙел Qaridhel literally The Black Idel) is a river in the Urals Chelyabinsk Oblast Sverdlovsk Oblast and the Republic of Bashkortostan; a tributary of the Belaya River. It is 918 km in length. The area of the basin is 53100 km². It freezes up between late October and early December and stays under the ice until April–May. Pavlovka Hydroelectric Station is situated on the Ufa River. Its water is widely used for water supply.
 Andersons Creek is a creek in Warrandyte and Park Orchards east of Melbourne Victoria Australia. It is a tributary of the Yarra River.
 Estany de la Pradella is a lake in Pyrénées-Orientales Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 1950 m its surface area is 0.1 km².
 Tunstall Reservoir was a water supply storage reservoir completed in 1879 and now used solely to maintain minimum regulatory flows on the River Wear. It is situated in the north Pennines of the United Kingdom and lies 3.5 km north of the village of Wolsingham in Weardale County Durham.
 The Tiúba River is a river on the border between Goiás and Tocantins states in central Brazil.
 The Sonnighorn (it Pizzo Bottarello) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. The closest locality is Saas Almagell on the west side.
 Bolshaya Vaya (Russian: Большая Вая) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Vishera River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 30 km. The mouth of the river is located near the settlement of Vaya.
 Dushu Lake (Chinese: 独墅湖) is a fresh water lake located in southern part of Suzhou Industrial Park with an area of about 11.52 square kilometers. Since 2000s Suzhou Dushu Lake Higher Education Town was gradually formed on the east bank. Dushu Lake Tunnel goes through it.
 The Bărăști River is a tributary of the Boz River in Romania.
 Kolob Reservoir is a reservoir in southern Utah on Kolob Mountain created by the 1956 Kolob Creek Dam. There are two entrances to Kolob: one is in the town of Virgin and the other is near Cedar City Utah. In the winter the reservoir is only accessible by snow mobile. The reservoir is surrounded by private land so camping is only allowed near the lake. There are fences marking the start of private land on almost all shores of the reservoir.
 The Plescioara River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Scărişoara and Piva
 Grambach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Frau-Holle-Teich is a pond in Hoher Meißner Werra-Meißner-Kreis Hesse Germany. The pond lies at an elevation of ca. 623 m.
 The Lăpuș River (Hungarian: Lápos) is a tributary of the Someș River in Romania.It is formed at the junction of the headwaters Izvorul Alb and Izvorul Negru.
 The Doftănița River is a tributary of the Dofteana River in Romania.
 The Tajuña (from the Latin Tagonius) is a river in central Spain flowing through the provinces of Guadalajara and Madrid. It is a tributary of the river Jarama which in turn is a tributary of the Tagus. It rises in the Sierra de Solorio near the town of Maranchón (Guadalajara) at a location known as Fuente del Carro near the village of Clares.
 Mount Papandayan is a complex stratovolcano located in Garut Regency to the southeast of the city of Bandung in West Java Indonesia. It is about 15 km to the southwest of the town of Garut. At the summit there are four large craters which contain active fumarole fields. An eruption in 1772 caused the northeast flank to collapse producing a catastrophic debris avalanche that destroyed 40 villages and killed nearly 3000 people.
 The Serra Negra River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Brettach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Orange River (Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.
 Lake Visitor (Montenegrin: Visitorsko jezero) is a lake in the Plav Municipality Montenegro. It is a mountain lake noted for its floating island.
 The Drina (Serbian Cyrillic: Дрина pronounced [drǐːna]) is a 346 km long international river which forms large portion of the border between Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia. It is the longest tributary of the Sava River and the longest karst river in the Dinaric Alps which belongs to the Danube river watershed. Its name is derived from the Latin name of the river (Latin: Drinus) which in turn is derived from Greek (Ancient Greek: Dreinos).
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 The Pârâul lui Conea is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 Chraponianka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Skrwa Prawa.
 Wreck Cove Flowage is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Ranelva is a 130-kilometre (81 mi) long river in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. It is one of the longest rivers in Nordland county. The catchment area of the river is 3790 square kilometres (1460 sq mi). Before the power stations of Reinforsen (1925) and Langvatnet (1964) were built the catchment area was 3843 square kilometres (1484 sq mi).
 The Gilorțelul Mic River is a headwater of the Gilorţel River in Romania.
 Bouchet lake (or Lake of Bouchet; French: Lac du Bouchet) is located in Haute-Loire France next to Le Puy-en-Velay. It is about 1.6 km (one mile) north of the village of Le Bouchet-Saint-Nicolas. It is located on the territory of the communes of Cayres and Le Bouchet-Saint-NicolasBouchet is a crater lake formed from an old volcano and thus roughly circular. It is a little more than half a mile from rim to rim and surrounded by woodlands. It is at an altitude of 1208 m (3963 feet).
 Bonito Lake is an alpine reservoir located high in the Sierra Blanca mountains northwest of Ruidoso New Mexico. It is a popular fishing and camping destination and although it is surrounded by the Lincoln National Forest it is not a part of the national forest. It is currently owned by the city of Alamogordo New Mexico as their primary water source. Because of the high altitude the lake's temperature is cold year round and is home to an abundance of rainbow trout.
 Mount Sir Sandford is the highest mountain of the Sir Sandford Range and of the Big Bend Ranges of the Selkirk Mountains in southwestern British Columbia Canada. It is the 12th highest peak in the province. The mountain was named after Sir Sandford Fleming a railway engineer for the Canadian Pacific Railway.
 Crooked Creek is a 26.3-mile-long (42.3 km) tributary of the Tioga River located entirely in Tioga County Pennsylvania in the United States.
 Lake Harriet is a reservoir in Clackamas County of the U.S. state of Oregon.It is an impoundment of the Oak Grove Fork Clackamas River located 75 kilometres (47 mi) southeast of Portland and 31 kilometres (19 mi) southwest of Government Camp.
 Derain is a crater on Mercury. It has uncommonly dark material within and surrounding the crater. The material is darker than the neighboring terrain such that this crater is easily identified even in a distant global image of Mercury. The dark halo may be material with a mineralogical composition different from the majority of Mercury’s visible surface. Craters with similar dark material on or near their rims were seen on the floor of the Caloris basin during MESSENGER’s first flyby.
 The Mitări River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The Cubic River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
 Col de Braus (1002 m) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes-Maritimes in France.It connects Sospel and L'Escarène. A railway tunnel has been dug under the pass.[citation needed]
 Esther Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York. The mountain is the northernmost of the High Peaks of the Adirondack Mountains and its 28th highest peak.
 Denton Creek is a creek in Texas beginning in Wise County and flowing south-east into Denton County. It was dammed up by the Army Corps of Engineers to make Lake Grapevine. After flowing out of the lake it flows into the Trinity River. The creek and lake are popular for fishing boating and recreation due to the location of it within the Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex.The creek flows into the lake in the area known as Trophy Club Park (formerly Marshall Creek Park) in Trophy Club.
 Langsjøen is a lake in the municipalities of Tolga and Engerdal in Hedmark county Norway.
 Mynydd Tarw (pronounced [ˈmənɨð ˈtaru]) is a subsidiary summit of Cadair Berwyn in north east Wales. It used to have a top: Rhos which has now been deleted as a Nuttall. The summit has a large shelter cairn. The views are extensive with the lower; northern and western Berwyns visible including Pen Bwlch Llandrillo. Cadair Berwyn Godor Moel yr Ewig and Foel Wen are also in view.
 Wande is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Topologel River is a tributary of the Topolog River in Romania.
 The North Western Fells are a group of hills in the English Lake District. Including such favourites as Catbells and Grisedale Pike they occupy an oval area beneath the Buttermere and Borrowdale valley systems. The North Western Fells are characterised by soaring east-west ridges and an absence of mountain tarns.
 Lolo Pass is a mountain pass 6 miles (10 km) northwest of Mount Hood and 10 miles (16 km) northeast of Zigzag Oregon on the Clackamas–Hood River county line. It divides the Sandy River watershed on the southwest from the Hood River watershed on the northeast.At 3415 feet (1041 m) it provides a much lower crossing of the Cascade Range near Mount Hood than the 4650-foot (1420 m) Oregon Route 35 Bennett Pass on the southeast side.
 Dremelspitze is a mountain in the Lechtal Alps of Tyrol Austria. The elevation at its peak is 2733 metres (8967 ft).
 Szilard is a damaged lunar crater that lies to the east-northeast of the crater Richardson. It is named after Leó Szilárd the scientist who theorised nuclear chain reactions and famously worked on the atomic bomb during WWII. About a half-crater-diameter to the northwest is the large walled plain Harkhebi. Between Harkhebi and Szilard is the small Giordano Bruno.
 Wilde (Eder) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Smiths Lake an intermittently closed youthful saline coastal lagoon is located within the Great Lakes local government area in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia. Smiths Lake is located adjacent to the village of Smiths Lake and adjacent to the east coast about 274 kilometres (170 mi) north of Sydney.
 Delmotte is a small lunar crater that lies just to the east of the much larger crater Cleomedes and to the north of the Mare Crisium in the northeastern part of the Moon. Delmotte appears foreshortened when viewed from the Earth although not sufficiently to obscure the interior details.The crater rim is roughly circular with a sharp-edged slightly angular rim and a slender inner wall. The northwestern part of the rim has a linear cleft that runs toward the northeast.
 See also East Humboldt RangeThe West Humboldt Range is a short mountain range in the western Great Basin in northwestern Nevada in the United States. It runs for approximately 40 mi (64 km) southwest to northeast in northern Churchill County and southern Pershing County.
 Lake George or Lake Welaka is a broad and shallow brackish lake on the St. Johns River in the U.S. state of Florida.
 Shorabil (Persian: شورابیل Azerbaijani: شورابیل گؤلؤ) is a lake located in a hilly area south of the Iranian city of Ardabil. Ardabil University is located near the lake.The surface of the lake is 640000 m²[citation needed] and is covered with a thin white layer of minerals which are useful in healing skin diseases and rheumatism. The leisure complex of Shorabil is located near the lake.
 The Kösseine is a massif in the High Fichtel mountains in Germany lying in northeast Bavaria south of Wunsiedel. The highest elevation of this granite massif is the summit of the Große Kösseine 939 m above sea level. The border between the Bavarian provinces of Upper Franconia and Upper Palatinate runs over the Kösseine as does the European watershed between the North Sea and the Black Sea.
 Karpinskiy is a lunar impact crater that lies in the northern part of the Moon on the far side from the Earth. This crater is concentric with a larger and older formation lying along the southern rim. This combined rim gives Karpinskiy a larger and wider interior wall along its south face. Just to the north is the double-crater formation of Milankovic and Ricco which lies across the northern part of the large crater containing Karpinskiy.
 Fourth of July Peak at 10713 feet (3265 m) above sea level is a peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 2.54 mi (4.09 km) from Castle Peak its line parent. It is the 201st highest peak in Idaho and rises to the west of Fourth of July and Washington lakes.
 Jabuka (Serbian Cyrillic: Јабука) is a mountain and plateau on the border between Serbia and Montenegro between towns of Prijepolje and Pljevlja. Its highest peak Slatina has an elevation of 1412 meters above sea level.
 The term Palo Pinto Mountains properly refers to a specific cuesta-like range of hills in western Palo Pinto County Texas. The name Palo Pinto roughly translates to painted stick in reference to the juniper trees of the area.
 Mount Despair (8582 feet (2616 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 The Dăncilă River is a tributary of the Jieţ in Romania.
 Lake Wawasee formerly Turkey Lake is a natural lake southeast of Syracuse in Kosciusko County Indiana United States. It is the largest natural lake wholly contained within Indiana. It is located just east of Indiana State Road 13.
 The Judele River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
 The Mișina River or Mișâna River is a tributary of the Năruja River in Romania.
 The Cogalnic River (also Cogâlnic Kogylnik Kogîlnic or Kunduk) is a 183 km river in Moldova and south-western Ukraine.The Cogalnic rises in the hills of Nisporeni District in the Codri region west of the Moldovan capital Chişinău. It flows through the cities of Hînceşti Cimişlia and Basarabeasca and then into the Budjak past Artsyz and into the Prichernomorskoy lowlands of the Odessa Oblast (province) of Ukraine.
 Egelsee is a lake in the municipality of Bubikon in the Canton of Zurich Switzerland. Its surface area is 4.3 ha.
 The Uinkaret volcanic field is an area of monogenetic volcanoes in northwestern Arizona United States located on the north rim of the Grand Canyon.Lava flows from the Uinkaret volcanic field that have cascaded down into the Grand Canyon damming the Colorado River have been used to date the canyon's carving. One of these cascades is today's Lava Falls.
 The Queen Charlotte Mountains are a mountain range comprising all mountains and small mountain ranges of Haida Gwaii (formerly the Queen Charlotte Islands) British Columbia Canada. It is the northernmost subrange of the Insular Mountains.
 Kabargin Oth Group is a group of volcanoes located in Georgia (South Ossetia). It consists of a dozen cinder cones and lava domes and is located near the border with Russia southwest of Mount Kazbek volcano.
 Mount Fernie is a 2210 m (7251 ft) high mountain and is directly northwest of the town of Fernie British Columbia. It offers an excellent hiking trail for those that can handle steep and challenging ridges. Mount Fernie Provincial Park is adjacent to the Mountain.
 Mainzer Berg is a forested hill between the cities of Darmstadt and Dieburg in the southern part of Hesse Germany. It is part of the northernmost ridge of the Odenwald low mountain range and there is a telecommunication tower of 96 meter height on its top. Just two kilometers northwest of the hill is the UNESCO world heritage site Messel pit.
 The Sasu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Chiqllaqucha (Quechua chiqlla green qucha lake green lake hispanicized spelling Chiquiacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Junín Province Junín District. Chiqllaqucha lies east of the lake Chinchayqucha and south of the lake Allqaqucha.
 Mount Abel is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 20 km (12 mi) east of Woss and 20 km (12 mi) north of Sutton Peak.
 North River Mountain is a mountain ridge that runs southwest to northeast in Hampshire County West Virginia United States. Named for the North River that parallels its western flanks for its entire length North River Mountain reaches its highest elevation of 2149 feet (655 m) near the community of Delray. North River Mountain extends from Staack's Gap at Rio to the Hiett Run gap at North River Mills.
 Grindene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Beaver Creek (Wichita River) is a river in Texas.
 Mont de Boisy is a mountain of Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Chablais Alps range. It has an altitude of 739 metres above sea level.
 Hollerbach (Brensbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Delta Mountains are a subrange of the Alaska Range forming its eastern terminus. Their highest point is Mount Kimball which measures 10300 feet (3100 m). They are drained by the Delta River on the west and the Tanana and Nebesna rivers to the northeast.
 Red Rock Pass is a low mountain pass in eastern Idaho south of Downey in southern Bannock County. It is geologically significant as the spillway of ancient Lake Bonneville.
 Muncho Lake is a lake in northern British Columbia Canada.The lake is part of the Muncho Lake Provincial Park and located at kilometre 681 (mile 423) of the Alaska Highway. The lake is about 12 km (7.5 mi) long and its width varies between 1 and 6 km. It reaches a maximum depth of 223 m (732 ft).
 The Dârjov River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Șasa River is a tributary of the Bega Poieni River in Romania.
 The Baboia River or Eruga River is a tributary of the Desnățui River in Romania.
 The Río Coco formerly known as the Río Segovia Cape River or Yara River is a river in southern southern Honduras and northern Nicaragua. The Miskito Indians who live along the river know it as the Wanki or Wanks River.
 The Valea Gordon River is a tributary of the Săsar River in Romania.
 Piz Tavrü is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located north of the Ofen Pass in the canton of Graubünden. Its southern side is part of the Swiss National Park.
 Bello is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 129 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Bello is named for the Venezuelan poet Andrés Bello who lived from 1781 to 1865.
 The Canã River is a river of the Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 The Valea Șesii is a tributary of the Arieș River in Romania. The Valea Şesii dam is built on this river.
 The Wind River is a river in Yukon part of the Peel River watershed. It lies to the west of the Bonnet Plume and Snake Rivers.The river is only accessible by air or by trekking overland or along a winter road. The river is paddled several times a year by various groups. The river is made up of long sets of Class I and Class II rapids with virtually no flat water. In some parts the channel is very wide and braided and occasionally very shallow.
 Black Peak is a highly eroded stratovolcano comprising a lava dome complex on the Alaska Peninsula of the U.S. state of Alaska. Also called Black Volcano or Sopka Chornaia the mountain is located within the Lake and Peninsula Borough.The latest eruption from Black Peak less than 4000 years ago produced an explosive eruption with a Volcanic Explosivity Index of 6 that created a caldera.
 The Racova River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Col de Manse (1268 m (4160 ft)) is a mountain pass located in the Massif des Écrins approximately 9 km (6 mi) north-east of Gap in the Hautes-Alpes department of France. The pass connects Gap with the high Champsaur valley and the ski resort of Orcières-Merlette. The road over the col is used occasionally by the Tour de France cycle race with the tour crossing the pass twice in 2013.
 Kalte Moldau (Czech: Studená Vltava) is a river of Bavaria Germany and Czech Republic (South Bohemian Region).
 Vastrapur Lake is situated in western part of Ahmedabad. It is officially named after Narsinh Mehta. The lake was beautified by the AMC after 2002 and has since become a popular spot in the city.Every weekend a large number of people visit this lake. It currently boasts an open air theater and children's park.
 Manzanita Lake is a lake located in Lassen Volcanic National Park.
 The Narva (Estonian: Narva jõgi Russian: Нарва) (or Narova) is a river flowing into the Baltic Sea the largest river in Estonia by discharge. Draining Lake Peipsi the river forms the border of Estonia and Russia and flows through the towns of Narva/Ivangorod and Narva-Jõesuu into Narva Bay. Though the river is only 77 km long in terms of volume discharged it is the second largest river flowing into the Gulf of Finland. The river gives its name to the Narva culture and the city of Narva.
 Blencathra also known as Saddleback is one of the most northerly mountains in the English Lake District. It has six separate fell tops of which the highest is the 868-metre (2848 ft) Hallsfell Top.
 Lake Iamonia is a large subtropical prairie lake in northern Leon County Florida United States created during the Pleistocene epoch.
 Inga Lake is a freshwater lake located in north-eastern British Columbia. It is located between Fort Nelson and Fort St. John on the Alaska Highway. It is at mile 91 of the Alaska Highway and features a maintained free campsite. Outhouses and large camping spots are featured as well as quad and dirt bike trails. It is a popular fishing destination which is stocked annually with Rainbow trout. A spawning channel project has been underway at Inga since 1997.
 Haraz (Persian: هراز‎) is a river in Mazandaran Province northern Iran that flows northward from foot of Mount Damavand across Larijan through Amol city and finally to the Caspian Sea between Mahmood Abad and Fereydoon Kenar. Its valley is one of few to cut through Alborz. Haraz road passes through this valley.
 North–South Lake is an 1100-acre (4.4 km²) state campground in the Catskill Forest Preserve near Palenville New York operated by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation near the site of the historic Catskill Mountain House overlooking the Hudson River. The escarpment on which the lakes are located is at 2250 feet (685.8 m) 1700 feet (518 m) above the valley floor providing a view of five states in clear weather[citation needed].The area is rich in history.
 Wulfbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Boții River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania
 Angove Lake is a permanent freshwater lake in the Great Southern area of Western Australia.
 Lago di San Domenico is a lake in the Province of L'Aquila Abruzzo Italy.
 The Haller Mauern is a small mountain chain part of the larger Northern Limestone Alps.The western buttress of the main ridge is formed by the 2244 m high Großer Pyhrgas. This mountain is also the highest peak in the Haller Mauern. Its summit offers fine views and may be relatively easily climbed on the so-called normal route although sure-footedness is required.
 Olallie Lake is an alpine lake and one of several in the area fed by streams coming off the glaciers from nearby Mount Adams. A small but popular Olallie Lake Campground offers scenic camping as well as non-motorized boating and fishing experiences. It is located at 4200 feet elevation in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in Washington state.
 The Rocher Déboulé Range formerly known as the Roche Déboulé Mountains is a subrange of the Bulkley Ranges located south of Hazelton in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Vinodol Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Croatia that has three turbines with a nominal capacity of 30 MW each having a total capacity of 90 MW.It is operated by Hrvatska elektroprivreda.
 Cracker Lake is a very small manmade lake inside Zolfo Springs Florida. This lake is square and has a surface area of 1.5 acres (6100 m2). It is contained within Cracker Lake RV Resort which owns it. The resort was established in 1988 and the lake was dug at this time. It is surrounded on all but the west side by streets within the resort. Mobile homes and RVs line the streets on the lake's east and south sides. Two administrative buildings are on the north shore.
 The river Durdent is one of the many small coastal rivers that flow from the plateau of the Pays de Caux into the English Channel.
 The Goose River is a 10.6-mile-long (17.1 km) tributary of the Medomak River in the U.S. state of Maine.
 The Biobío River (also known as Bío Bío or Bio-Bio) is the second largest river in Chile. It originates from Icalma and Galletué lakes in the Andes and flows 380 km to the Gulf of Arauco on the Pacific Ocean.The major tributaries of the river are the Malleco and the Laja. The river is Chile's second-longest river (the longest being Loa River) and Biobío basin is Chile's third largest watershed after Loa and Baker basins.
 The Gruniu River is a tributary of the Valea Măriii River in Romania.
 The Azibo River is a Portuguese river in the Douro River basin. It has its source in the Nogueira mountains near the place of Rebordainhos Bragança Municipality in the northeast of Portugal.
 The Taguag River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Mount Lindesay is a mountain and locality within the Scenic Rim Region Queensland Australia.
 Lake Tolvajärvi (Russian: Толваярви; Finnish: Tolvajärvi) is a group of lakes in the Republic of Karelia in the Ladoga Karelia. It is a part of the Vuoksi drainage basin. The group of lakes have flows through rivers to the Finnish Lake Pielinen.Before the Winter War the lake was part of the Korpiselkä municipality. During the war the area was a scene of the battle of Tolvajärvi. The Tolvajärvi area also served as a battlefield during the Continuation War.
 Komarov (Russian: Комаров) is a stratovolcano located in the southeastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 Powell Lake is a lake in the northern Sunshine Coast region of British Columbia Canada adjacent to the city of Powell River which sits on the low rise of land forming a natural dam between the lake and the Strait of Georgia. The lake is fed by the Powell River and features Goat Island a large mountainous island. It serves as a reservoir for a small hydroelectric generating station which was built to serve the city's pulp mill and also served as a water supply for that pulp mill.
 Alvord Lake is a seasonal shallow alkali lake in Harney County of the U.S. state of Oregon. Its elevation is 4026 feet (1227 m). It is located about 10 miles (16 km) southeast of Alvord Desert in the Alvord Basin and serves as terminus for all its streams.
 The Moulouya River (Wadi Muluya Arabic: وادي ملوية‎) is a 520 km-long river in Morocco. Its sources are located in the Middle Atlas. It empties into the Mediterranean Sea near Saïdia in northeast Morocco at about 35.1228°N 2.3367°W﻿ / 35.1228; -2.3367. Water level in the river often fluctuates. The river is used for irrigation and is dammed by the Hassan II and Mohamed V Dams.
 Solbergfjorden is a fjord (or more accurately a strait) on the southeastern side of the large island of Senja in Troms county Norway. It lies in the municipalities of Tranøy Dyrøy Sørreisa and Lenvik. The 27-kilometre (17 mi) long strait flows into the Vågsfjorden to the southwest and into the Finnfjorden and Reisafjorden. Vangsvik is one of the larger settlements along the Solbergfjorden.
 Bracht is a river of Hesse Germany. In large sections it Dornbracht forms the border between the former Grand Duchy of Hesse-Darmstadt on the right bank and the Kingdom of Prussia on the left bank. Even after the WWII this administrative segregation continued in different counties.
 Kärkevagge (Northern Sami: Geargevággi Stone Valley) is a short (4 km long) valley in Kiruna Municipality Sweden. It is easily accessed by a good path from the E75 Kiruna-Narvik highway. Rissajaure the clearest lake in Sweden is located at the head of the valley. Karkevagge is noted for the Giant Boulder Deposit (GBD) which fills it with huge jumbled blocks some the size of houses.
 Little Boulder Creek is an eastward-flowing stream in the Santa Cruz Mountains of California. Rising in Santa Cruz County near Big Basin Redwoods State Park it crosses into San Mateo County and empties into Pescadero Creek.
 Pentecost River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.The river rises below the Durack Range and flows north through El Questro Station where it meets with the Chamberlain River then continues north crossing the Gibb River Road skirts the eastern edge of Drysdale River National Park and later discharges into West Arm and eventually into Cambridge Gulf.The river has seven tributaries including; Chamberlain River Salmond River Gap Creek Five Mile Creek and Durack River.The river is named after John Pentecost who surveyed the river in 1882 while on an expedition led by Michael Durack.The traditional owners of the areas around the river are the Arnga peoples.The river was included in the Australia theme as one of its wallpapers in Windows 7.
 The Doce River (Portuguese Rio Doce) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Claro River one of the upper tributaries of the Paraná River.
 Mount Gozaisho (御在所岳 Gozaisho-dake) is a Japanese mountain located on the border of Komono Mie Prefecture and Higashi-Ōmi Shiga Prefecture.This mountain is the center of Suzuka Quasi-National Park.
 Ishtar Terra is one of two main highland regions on the planet Venus. It is the smaller of the two continents and is located near the north pole. It is named after the Akkadian goddess Ishtar.The size of Ishtar Terra is roughly between the sizes of Australia and the continental United States. On its eastern edge lies the great mountain chain Maxwell Montes which is 11 km high compared to Mt. Everest at 8.8 km.
 Røyrvatnet (Lule Sami: Rávddojávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. It is located about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) south of the village of Straumen. The water flows north out of Røyrvatnet into the lake Straumvatnet about 750 metres (2460 ft) to the north.
 Quicksand Pond is a pond in Little Compton Rhode Island.It is a major winter flounder spawning area has Rare Species Habitat and Significant Natural Communities designation and is part of a proposed natural greenway corridor. Quicksand Pond is also entirely surrounded by critical habitats and there are a number of protected areas adjacent to Quicksand Pond.
 The São João de Meriti River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Loc River is a tributary of the Madicea River in Romania.
 The Carhagău River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The Sisquoc River is a westward flowing river in northeastern Santa Barbara County California. It is a tributary of the Santa Maria River which is formed when the Sisquoc River meets the Cuyama River at the Santa Barbara County and San Luis Obispo County border just north of Garey. The river is 57.4 miles (92.4 km) long and originates on the north slopes of Big Pine Mountain at approximately 6320 feet (1930 m).
 The Amu Darya (Persian: آمودریا‎ Āmūdaryā; Turkmen: Amyderýa; Turkish: Ceyhun; Uzbek: Amudaryo; Tajik: Амударё; Pashto: د آمو سيند‎ da Āmú Sínd; Ancient Greek: Ὦξος Oxos; Latin: Oxus) also called Amu River is a major river in Central Asia. It is formed by the junction of the Vakhsh and Panj rivers and flows into the Aral Sea. In ancient times the river was regarded as the boundary between Greater Iran and Turan.
 Lake Mai-Ndombe (French: Lac Mai-Ndombe) is a large freshwater lake in the Mai-Ndombe District of the Bandundu Province in western Democratic Republic of the Congo. The lake is within the Tumba-Ngiri-Maindombe area the largest Wetland of International Importance recognized by the Ramsar Convention in the world.
 MacMullin Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Borišov is a mountain in the Greater Fatra Range in Slovakia measuring 1508.5 m (4949.1 ft). Its summit is deforested covered in grass. On the southern side there is one of the largest avalanche slopes in Slovakia. The Borišov National Nature Reserve protects a well-preserved primeval mountain forest on the northern side of the mountain.In the saddle between Borišov and Ploská there is the year-round open Chata pod Borišovom (i.e. Chalet under Borišov).
 Njesuthi or Injesuthi Dome is one of the highest mountains in the Drakensberg mountain range at 3408 metres (11181 ft). It is located on the border between Lesotho and the South African province KwaZulu-Natal. Also less than 1.5km away on the border is the taller Mafadi peak at 3450 metres (11319 ft).
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 Lough Ree (Irish: Loch Rí or Loch Ríbh) is a lake in the midlands of Ireland the second of the three major lakes on the River Shannon. Lough Ree is the second largest lake on the Shannon after Lough Derg. The other two major lakes are Lough Allen to the north and Lough Derg to the south there are also several minor lakes along the length of the river.
 The Crestones are a group of four 14000 foot (4268 m) peaks (fourteeners) in the Sangre de Cristo Range above Crestone central southern Colorado comprising:Crestone Peak (14294 ft 4357 m)Crestone Needle (14197 ft 4327 m)Kit Carson Mountain (14165 ft 4317 m)Humboldt Peak (14064 ft 4287 m)Snow is usually mostly melted by early July. Climbers can expect afternoon rain hail and lightning from the seasonal monsoon in late July and August.
 Leslie Creek is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Northern Manitoba Canada. It is a left tributary of the Nelson River.
 Wollomombi River a perennial stream of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 Rappenseekopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The River Yar on the Isle of Wight England rises near the beach at Freshwater Bay on the south coast of the island and flows only a few miles north to Yarmouth on the north coast where it meets the Solent. Most of the river is a tidal estuary. Its headwaters have been truncated by erosion of the south coast.The Yar estuary is part of the Isle of Wight’s Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty which stretches from Freshwater to Yarmouth.
 The Mezărei River is a tributary of the Meziad River in Romania.
 Thor Peak (12028 feet (3666 m)) is in the northern Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming. Mount Moran is 1 mile (1.6 km) to the east. The summit is the eighth highest in the Teton Range. Several semi permanent snowfields as well as the Triple Glaciers are located on the east and northern slopes of the mountain.
 The Bratu River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 The Gage Range is a mountain range in Wheeler County Oregon.
 Hamwolsan is a mountain bordering Seonam Lake Park in Nam-gu Ulsan South Korea. It has an elevation of 200 m (656 ft).
 The Illinizas are a pair of volcanic mountains that are located to the south of Quito. They are found in the ecological reserve that shares its name with the mountains. These twin mountains are separated in the middle by a saddle that is about a kilometer long.
 Grandelberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Bolshoy Lip (Russian: Большой Лип) is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast Russia a right tributary of Vogulka River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 24 km.
 The Frăsinelu River is a tributary of the Crivadia River in Romania.
 The Sebeşel River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Vuontisjärvi (Finnish pronunciation: [ˈʋuontisˌjærʋi] Northern Sami: Vuottesjávri) is a small lake and a village located in Finnish Lapland. It belongs to Kemijoki main catchment area.The area of the lake was reduced greatly in 1861. During the spring flood the waters escaped through a ditch dug by a local man and a new river formed. The new water level is six metres below the original.
 Mount Battle is a mountain located 65 km (40 mi) northeast of Pangnirtung on Baffin Island Nunavut Canada. It is with the Baffin Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.Mount Battle is named for Ben Battle a geomorphologist from McGill University who drowned crossing a melt water-swollen stream near Glacier Lake during the 1953 Arctic Institute of North America research-mountaineering expedition.
 Mount Kahuzi is an extinct volcano in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.It is within the Biega - Kahuzi National Park a World Heritage Site.
 Mount Blue is a mountain in Maine USA. It gives its name to Mount Blue State Park in Weld and Mount Blue High School in Farmington.
 The Gropșoara River is a headwater of the Boșorogu River in Romania.
 The Pricopanul River is a tributary of the Valea Plopilor in Romania.
 The Lewis and Clark River is a tributary of the Columbia River approximately 20 miles (32 km) long in northwest Oregon in the United States. It drains 62 square miles (160 km2) of the Northern Oregon Coast Range in the extreme northwest corner of the state entering the Columbia near its mouth. Near the river's mouth is the site of former Fort Clatsop of the Lewis and Clark Expedition. The river is named for Meriwether Lewis and William Clark.
 The Valea Poienii River is a tributary of the Valea Șturului River in Romania.
 Roques de Benet is a compact group of sheer rocky outcrops in the northwestern side of the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit Catalonia Spain. The highest summit has an elevation of 1007.2 metres above sea level.
 Mount Kinpu (金峰山 Kinpu-san) or Mount Kinpō (金峰山 Kinpō-san) is a mountain of the Okuchichibu Mountains and located on the boundary of Nagano Prefecture and Yamanashi Prefecture Japan.It is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains. At 2599m tall it is the second highest peak of the Okuchichibu Mountains.
 The Touch (French: le Touch Occitan: Toish) is a 74.5 km (46.3 mi) long river in southwestern France left tributary of the Garonne. Its source is in the département of Haute-Garonne near Lilhac.It flows through the following départements and towns:Haute-Garonne: Bérat Lherm Plaisance-du-Touch Tournefeuille Blagnac Toulouse.It flows into the river Garonne at Toulouse.
 The Shenandoah River is a tributary of the Potomac River 55.6 miles (89.5 km) long with two forks approximately 100 miles (160 km) long each in the U.S. states of Virginia and West Virginia. The principal tributary of the Potomac the river and its tributaries drain the central and lower Shenandoah Valley and the Page Valley in the Appalachians on the west side of the Blue Ridge Mountains in northwestern Virginia and the Eastern Panhandle of West Virginia.
 The Vet River (Afrikaans: Vetrivier) is a westward-flowing tributary of the Vaal River in central South Africa. Its sources are between Marquard and Clocolan and the Vet River flows roughly northwestwards to meet the Vaal at the Bloemhof Dam near Hoopstad. Erfenis Dam was built on this river in order to provide water for the town of Theunissen.
 Mount Kumami (熊見山 Kumami-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Horseshoe Lake is a lake situated in the east side of the Midway High Lakes Area below Mount Adams' northwest flank. The lake is popular for camping quiet boating (electric motors or canoeing) and hiking and biking on a trail half way around the lake. Other activities include scenic viewing and fishing. The lake offers an eleven-site campground administered by the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in the State of Washington.
 Aschenstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Kaituna River is located in the Bay of Plenty region of the North Island of New Zealand. It is the outflow from Lakes Rotorua and Rotoiti and flows northwards for 45 kilometres emptying into the Bay of Plenty near Te Puke.
 Hermannsberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Waimeamea River is a river in the Southland Region of New Zealand. It rises in the Longwood Range and flows south-eastward into Te Waewae Bay north of Orepuki.
 The Slatina River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Tropical Andes is a subregion of the Andes spanning all of the Andes except the southern mediterranean and temperate zones. The Tropical Andes is a biodiversity hotspot named the global epicenter of biodiversity according to the Critical Ecosystem Partnership Fund.[citation needed]The Tropical Andes area is an area of rich biodiversity. This location holds about 45000 plant species of which 20000 are endemic. There are over 3000 vertebrate species with about 1500 endemic.
 The Santo Antônio River (Tocantins) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Satpara Lake is a natural lake near Skardu Gilgit-Baltistan Pakistan which supplies water to Skardu Valley. It is fed by the Satpara Stream.Satpara Lake is situated at an elevation of 2636 meters (8650 ft) above sea level and is spread over an area of 2.5 km².The completion of Satpara Dam downstream of the lake has enlarged the size of Satpara Lake.
 The Bemarivo River is located in northern Madagascar. It drains to the north-eastern coast into the Indian Ocean. It drains the eastern part of the Tsaratanana Massif and the northern half of the Marojejy Massif. It is crossed by the RN 5a near Nosiarina. Its mouth is situated in the north of Sambava.It serves as the northern edge of the territory known as Betsimisaraka. Confusingly a tributary of the Sofia River is also called the Bemarivo River.
 Lobuche (also spelt Lobuje) is a Nepalese mountain which lies close to the Khumbu Glacier. There are two main peaks Lobuche Far East and Lobuche East (often mistaken for Lobuche West which is a separate mountain further west). At 6145 metres (20161 ft) Lobuche East is 26 metres (85 ft) higher. Between the two peaks is a long deeply notched ridge.The first recorded ascent of Lobuche East was made by Laurence Nielson and Sherpa Ang Gyalzen on April 25 1984.
 The Trif River is a tributary of the Pârâul Boului in Romania.
 The Clover Fork is a 30-mile (48 km) tributary of the Cumberland River draining a section of the Appalachian Mountains in Harlan County southeast Kentucky in the United States. The river's confluence with the Martin's Fork at Harlan marks the official beginning of the Cumberland River.The Clover Fork formerly flowed through Harlan and joined Martin's Fork on the west side of town. Due to recurring flood damage a project of the U.S.
 The Kukpowruk River is a stream 160 miles (260 km) long in the western North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. It arises in the De Long Mountains of the western Brooks Range and flows north into Kasegaluk Lagoon of the Chukchi Sea Arctic Ocean. The river mouth is about 9 miles (14 km) south of Point Lay.
 Sarcee Mountain (8350 feet (2545 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Sarcee Mountain is in the northeastern region of the park.
 The Tagish Highland is an upland area on the inland side of the northernmost Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains spanning far northwestern British Columbia from Atlin Lake to the area of the pass at Champagne Yukon between the Alsek and Yukon Rivers. In some classification systems and in local terminology the Tagish Highland is considered to be part of the Boundary Ranges as is the neighbouring Tahltan Highland to its south. As classified by the Canadian Mountain Encyclopedia per S.
 Hughes Lake referred to before 1924 as West Elizabeth Lake is a lake located directly on the San Andreas Fault in the Angeles National Forest in Los Angeles County California.The lake is one of a series of sag ponds in the foothills of the Sierra Pelona Mountains including Elizabeth Lake and Munz Lakes all created by the active motion of tectonic plates.The unincorporated community Lake Hughes began settlement in the area around 1873.
 Lake Parker is a lake located on the northeast side of the city of Lakeland Florida. It is the largest lake in the city of Lakeland. The lake is relatively shallow with an average depth of 5 feet (1.5 m). The lake has inflow from several lakes in Lakeland including Lake Mirror and Bonny Lake. Lake Parker outflows to both Saddle Creek and the Peace River making the lake important for ecological reasons. To control hydrilla various pesticides are utilized.
 Nachal Telem (Hebrew: נחל תלם) is a wadi located in the West Bank begins in the western part of the Judaean Mountains and goes westwards. The official Israeli name of the wadi is Nachal Natziv (נחל נציב) but this name is not used in practice.
 The Sulaiman Mountains (Pashto: د سليمان غر da Sulaimān Ğar‎; Balochi/Urdu/Persian: کوه سليمان Koh-e Sulaimān) or the Kesai Mountains (Pashto: د كسي غرونه‎) are a major geological feature of eastern and southeastern Afghanistan (Zabul most of Loya Paktia and northeastern Kandahar) and South Waziristan most of northern Balochistan Province and some of southwestern Punjab Province of Pakistan.
 Crow Lake is a lake in Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area Alaska United States 1 mile south of Moose Lake and 17 miles northwest of Roundabout Mountain. Crow Lake lies at an elevation of 203 feet (62 m).
 Big Moose Lake at the head of the Moose River is a large lake about five miles (8 km) north of Fourth Lake in the Adirondacks in upstate New York. It is a popular spot amongst tourists all year round: boating water skiing and hiking in the summer; cross-country skiing and snowmobiling in the winter.
 Cherokee Lake also known as Cherokee Reservoir is a reservoir in Tennessee formed by the impoundment of the Holston River behind Cherokee Dam. The reservoir has a surface area of about 28780 acres (11650 ha) a flood-storage capacity of 749406 acre feet (924379000 m3) and nearly 400 miles (640 km) of shoreline.
 Volcán Jumaytepeque is a stratovolcano in south-eastern Guatemala. The 1815-metre (5955 ft) high volcano is located about 7 km north-north-east of the city of Cuilapa near the south-eastern rim of the large Miocene Santa Rosa de Lima caldera.
 Sickle Moon Peak or Bharanzar Peak (6574 metres or 21568 feet) is located in the Kishtwar Himalaya and is the highest summit of the range. It lies in the eastern Himalayan range and is 12 km (7 mi) north of Brammah massis in Kishtwar 55 kilometers east of Kishtwar town and 195 kilometers east of Srinagar the state capital of Jammu and Kashmir.The Brammah massif lies south of Sickle Moon and is separated by a 12 kilometer glacier.
 Deep Lake is a natural sinkhole in Big Cypress National Preserve in Florida.
 The HP diatreme also called the HP pipe is a diatreme in the Rocky Mountains of southeastern British Columbia Canada located 50 km (31 mi) northeast of Golden.
 Raudhamran is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Bârzetea River is a tributary of the Budac River in Romania.
 Vine Brook is a brook in Middlesex County USA.
 Cobbs Creek is an 11.8-mile-long (19.0 km) tributary of Darby Creek in Delaware County Pennsylvania in the United States. It forms an approximate border between Montgomery County and Delaware County. After Cobbs Creek passes underneath Township Line Road (U.S. Route 1) it forms the border between Philadelphia County and Delaware County. It later joins Darby Creek before flowing into the Delaware River.
 The Păltinoasa Mică River is a headwater of the Păltinoasa River in Romania.
 The Aso (Latin: Asis) is a 63 km river in the Marche region of Italy. For most of its course the river marks the boundary between the provinces of Ascoli Piceno and FermoThe river’s source is in the Monti Sibillini near Foce in the Commune of Montemonaco at an elevation of 950 metres.
 The Babeș River is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Vetal Hill (Marathi: वेताळ टेकडी ) is a prominent hill in the city limits of Pune India. The hill is the highest point within the city limits with an elevation of 2600 ft. There is a temple of Vetala located on the top of the hill from which the hill derives its name. The place is an excellent getaway from the hustle and bustle of the city and provides a great morning trek location for the weekends. The Indian Forest Department maintains an observation deck near the temple.
 The Mackie River is a river in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
 The Khrami River (Georgian: ხრამი Azerbaijani: Anaxatır) is a 201 km-long river in eastern Georgia and partly in western Azerbaijan the right tributary to the Kura River. It originates in the Trialeti Range and flows into the deep valley being primarily fed by snow. Its tributaries are: the Debeda and Mashavera rivers. The Tsalka Reservoir and three hydroelectric power plants are built on the Krami River.
 Wich'iqucha (Quechua wich'i a large wide-mouthed pitcher qucha lake pitcher lake hispanicized spelling Vichecocha) is a lake in Peru. It is situated in the Junín Region Jauja Province Canchayllo District.
 The Clear Fork Brazos River is the longest tributary of the Brazos River of Texas.
 Not to be confused with Mynydd Twyn-glas near Cwmbran.Pen Twyn Glas is a top of Pen Allt-mawr in the Black Mountains in south-eastern Wales. It lies in between Pen Allt-mawr and Mynydd Llysiau. The summit is merely a grassy bump on the ridge marked by a pile of stones.
 The Swift River (Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.The river had massive floods during the 1930s 1932-1940which nearly brought the only major settlementwhich shares the same name to extinction.
 Atlin Lake is a lake in northwestern British Columbia and is that province's largest natural lake covering 300 sq mi (780 km2). The northern tip of the lake is in Yukon as is Little Atlin Lake. However most of the lake lies within the Atlin District of British Columbia.
 The Corrente River (Doce River) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Swalm (-Dutch German: Schwalm) is a small river in Germany and the Netherlands tributary to the river Meuse. Its source is near Wegberg in the district Heinsberg south-west of Mönchengladbach in North Rhine-Westphalia (Germany). The Swalm flows through Wegberg and Brüggen before flowing into the Meuse just across the border with the Netherlands in Swalmen. Its total length is 46 km.
 The Milcov River is a tributary of the Putna River in eastern Romania. The city of Focşani used to lie on it. Due to floods however the riverbed moved a few kilometers away south of the city.In 1482 Stephen the Great declared Milcov as the boundary between Wallachia and Moldavia. In 19th century the river was perceived by unionists as a symbol of discord between Wallachia and Moldavia—see Hora Unirii a poem by Vasile Alecsandri.
 The São Pedro River (Guandu River) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Goldbach (Möhne) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ohrigstad River is located in Mpumalanga South Africa. The Ohrigstad River joins the Blyde River at the Blyderivierpoort Dam in the Blyde River Canyon Nature Reserve. Like the Blyde it has its ultimate origin at around 2000 m altitude to the south on the verge of the Hartebeesvlakte conservation area but follows a more westerly course.
 South is a large lunar crater that is located in the northwest part of the Moon. Most of the southern wall of this crater is joined to the Sinus Roris bay of the Oceanus Procellarum with the southeast rim facing Mare Frigoris. Attached to the northwest of the formation is the larger walled plain Babbage. Just to the northeast is the crater Robinson and farther to the northeast is another walled plain J.
 Booster Lake is located in Nopiming Provincial Park in the province of Manitoba Canada. It is located inside the Canadian Shield at an elevation of 320 meters (1050 ft) approximately 56 miles (90 km) northeast of Lac Du Bonnet and sits about 5 miles (8.0 km) west from the Ontario border.
 Los Buellis Hills is a short series of hills east of Berryessa San Jose California. It is located slightly west of Felter Road and is used primarily for grazing cattle. High-voltage transmission lines also pass through the hills. The Los Buellis Hills average about 2000 ft in elevation.
 Hochries is a mountain in Bavaria Germany.It is 1569 m high and is located in the north-western part of the Chiemgauer Alpen.
 Puig de Massanella is the second highest peak on the Spanish island of Mallorca.It is situated in the Serra de Tramuntana.
 Volcán Escalante also known as El Apagado is a stratovolcano on the Chilean side of the border between Bolivia and Chile. It lies immediately SE of Cerro Colorado and SW to volcán Curiquinca all of which are considered to be part of the Sairecabur volcanic group.
 Canoe Lake is a V-shaped lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada just east of the border with Manitoba and 11 kilometres (7 mi) south of Highway 17. The two sides of the V are about 1.5 kilometres (0.9 mi) long and the primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Shoal Lake part of the Winnipeg River and ultimately the Nelson River drainage basin.
 The River Bollin is a major tributary of the River Mersey in the north-west of England.It rises in Macclesfield Forest at the western end of the Peak District and can be seen in spring form from the Buxton to Macclesfield road. The stream then descends the 10 miles (16 km) through Macclesfield and Wilmslow where it has a confluence with the River Dean near to Styal Prison.
 Lake Akşehir (Turkish: Akşehir Gölü) is a tectonic freshwater endorheic lake in Afyonkarahisar and Konya provinces southwestern part of Turkey. It carries the same name as the town Akşehir south of the lake.The lake is fed by Eber Channel five larger streams from the Sultan Mountains and many smaller streams. The lake salinity increases towards the middle and northern parts due to underground spring waters. The lake is used for irrigation.
 The Ditrău River ( Hungarian: Ditró-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Căptanu River is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
 Buffalo Creek is a tributary of the Allegheny River in Armstrong and Butler counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 Tsongmo Lake or Changu Lake is a glacial lake in the East Sikkim India some 40 kilometres (25 mi) away from Gangtok at altitude of 3780 m (12400 ft).The road to Nathu La passes the lake on north side. The Chinese border crossing is only some 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east-northeast in a straight line but some 18 kilometres (11 mi) by road.Indian Postal Service released a commemorative stamp on the lake on 6 November 2006.
 The Fraser River in northern Labrador flows west to east in geological trench. The gorge is narrow and deep. The upper watershed drains to Tasisuak Lake. Eastward the rift widens to shallow brackish ponds where flow reverses with the flush of tide.
 Moel Llyfnant is a mountain in the southern portion of the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd Wales. It is a peak in the Arenig mountain range. It lies to the west of Arenig Fawr. It has one notable top the twin peaked Gallt y Daren being at the end of its west ridge.The summit area has rocky outcrops on top of one lies the small cairn that marks the summit.
 The Coxipó River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Shetucket River is a tributary of the Thames River 20.4 miles (32.8 km) long in eastern Connecticut in the United States.It is formed at Willimantic by the junction of the Willimantic and Natchaug rivers. It flows southeast and south.
 Lake Chalalán is a lake in the La Paz Department in Bolivia at an elevation of 380 m. Its surface area is 0.4 km².
 Rote Traun is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Cnoc na Péiste—often anglicised as Knocknapeasta and more rarely given as Slievenapeesta or Cummeennapeasta—is a 988 m (3241 ft) mountain peak in County Kerry Ireland. It is part of the Macgillycuddy's Reeks range and is the fourth highest summit in Ireland—after Carrauntoohil Beenkeragh and Caher; which are also part of the range. It is classed as a Furth by the Scottish Mountaineering Club which is why it is also sometimes referred to as one of the Irish Munros.
 The Oyster River is a tributary of the Saint George River in Knox County Maine. From its source (44°11′29″N 69°09′42″W) in Rockport the river runs 12.5 miles (20.1 km) south and southwest to its confluence with the Saint George. Its lower third forms the border between Warren and Thomaston.
 The Una River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil. It flows through fields north of Tamoios and São Pedro da Aldeia in the Baixadas mesoregion before it discharges into the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Repedea River or Valea Repede River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Mount Santubong (Malay: Gunung Santubong) is a mountain in the Malaysian state of Sarawak. It is located about 35 km north of the state capital Kuching.On a clear day it can be seen from Kuching. The mountain and its surrounding area is a popular tourist attraction.
 Mont Thabor is a mountain of Savoie and Hautes-Alpes France. It lies in the Massif des Cerces range. It has an elevation of 3178 metres above sea level.
 Mount Maclaren is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after Charles H. MacLaren C.M.G. D.S.O.
 The Zuari River (Konkani: जुवारी Zuvari pronounced [zuwəːriː])is the largest river in the state of Goa India. It is a tidal river with a total length of 34 kilometres. The Zuari originates at Hemad-Barshem in the Western Ghats. The Zuari is also referred to as the Aghanashani in the interior regions.
 Thüringische Muschwitz is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Boot Lake is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Simlepiggen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Timișeni River or Temișani River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Bluejay Creek is a river in the east part of Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario Canada. It is in the Lake Superior drainage basin and is a tributary of the Pic River.
 The Kaweah River (/kəˈwijə/) is an approximately 58.5-mile (94.1 km)-long river in the U.S. state of California. It rises in four major forks in the Sierra Nevada within Sequoia National Park flowing southwest through the Lake Kaweah reservoir and onto an alluvial plain northeast of Visalia. Formerly the river continued southwest to empty into Tulare Lake the terminal sink of an endorheic basin in the southern Central Valley.
 Skavica Hydro Power Plant is a proposed large power plant on the Drin River situated in Albania.The project consists of a large power plant with a nominal capacity of 250 MW on the Drin River operated by the Italian company TGK Group that will invest US$ 664 million in the project.
 Caisteal Abhail is a mountain on the Isle of Arran in Scotland.It is the northernmost Corbett on the island. The mountain forms the main part of a view known as The Sleeping Warrior due to its distinctive outline (resembling the profile of a recumbent figure) as seen from the mainland. The most notable feature of the mountain is Ceum na Caillich (often rendered as the Witch's Step cailleach here in genitive also means an old woman/hag) a deep gash in the eastern ridge.
 The Suru River (Urdu: سرو دریا‎) a tributary of Indus River is a river in the Kargil district of Ladakh region in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.
 Meall Buidhe is a Munro situated in the southern highlands of Scotland. It forms the northern side of Loch an Daimh and is often climbed in conjunction with Stuchd an Lochain. The normal route climbs north from the eastern end of the loch until easier ground is reached. The route angles east and then north once the ridge is gained. Strong walkers can continue round the loch and take in a Corbett Sron a' Choire Chnapanich and the aforementioned Stuchd an Lochain.
 Mount Kendang is a stratovolcano in West Java Indonesia. It contains four fumarole fields including Kawah Manuk a broad 2.75 km wide crater. Sulfur sublimation mud pots and hot springs are found in the volcano.
 Jinyang Lake is a reservoir covering portions of Jinju and Sacheon in Gyeongsangnam-do South Korea. The water surface covers approximately 29 km². It was formed in 1970 by the construction of a dam where the Gyeongho and Deokcheon rivers join to form the Nam River. Most of the Jinju side of the lake is a city park which was established in 1998.
 The Harz is the highest mountain range in Northern Germany and its rugged terrain extends across parts of Lower Saxony Saxony-Anhalt and Thuringia. The name Harz derives from the Middle High German word Hardt or Hart (mountain forest) Latinized as Hercynia. The legendary Brocken is the highest summit in the Harz with a height of 1141.1 metres (3744 ft) above sea level. The Wurmberg (971 metres (3186 ft)) is the highest peak located entirely within Lower Saxony.
 The Dix Range is a range of mountains in the High Peaks region of the Adirondacks southeast of Mount Marcy and the Ausable valley in northeastern New York State. The Dixes are named for John Adams Dix then Secretary of State under New York Governor William Marcy later Senator U.S. Secretary of the Treasury and New York Governor.The range includes Hough Peak and Macomb Mountain East Dix South Dix and Dix Mountain the sixth highest peak in the state.
 Vyngapur River (Russian: Вынгапур) is a river in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug Russia the right tributary of the Pyakupur River. It starts on the northern slope of the Siberian Uvaly Hills about 60 km east of Noyabrsk and flows north through a boggy terrain. The river has more than 300 tributaries along its way most of them short but more than 60 of them exceed 10 km in length.
 Ånnsjön is a lake in Åre Municipality in Jämtland County Sweden. By road it is located 154 kilometres (96 mi) northwest of Östersund.The lake and surrounding wetlands are rich in fish water birds and other wildlife. There are remains of human habitation in the region since the stone age including petroglyphs that are among the oldest in Sweden. In the late 19th century there were attempts to drain the wetlands for use in agriculture and forestry but this is now being reversed.
 The Potoci River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River downstream of Lake Izvorul Muntelui near Tarcău Romania.
 Mount Pinchot (9310 feet (2838 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Mount Pinchot is less than 1.5 miles (2.4 km) SSE of Mount Stimson while Beaver Woman Lake is southeast of Mount Pinchot.
 Schwansee is a lake in Bayerisch Schwaben Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 78923 m its surface area is 17 ha.
 The Cladovița River is a tributary of the Cladova river in Romania.
 The Lickey Hills (known locally as simply The Lickeys) are a range of hills in Worcestershire England 11 miles (18 km) to the south-west of the centre of Birmingham near the villages of Lickey Cofton Hackett and Barnt Green. The hills are a popular country park area and they afford panoramic views over much of the surrounding countryside.
 Mount Hotham is a mountain in the Victorian Alps of the Great Dividing Range located in the Australian state of Victoria. The mountain is located approximately 357 kilometres (222 mi) north east of Melbourne 746 kilometres (464 mi) from Sydney and 997 kilometres (620 mi) from Adelaide by road.
 The Pointe des Ecandies is a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif located between Trient and Champex in the canton of Valais. It is located north of the Pointe d'Orny and east of the Trient Glacier.
 The Jardim River is a river of the Federal District in central Brazil.
 Farnsworth Peak is a peak located on the northern end of the Oquirrh Mountain range approximately 18 miles (29 km) south west of Salt Lake City Utah. The mountain is named for Philo Farnsworth the inventor of the first completely electronic television. It is used mainly for radio and television transmission but could potentially become part of a ski resort owned by nearby Kennecott Land. On the eastern side of the mountain the land is completely private and access is restricted.
 Imbabura is an inactive stratovolcano in northern Ecuador. Although it has not erupted for at least 14000 years it is not thought to be extinct. Imbabura is intermittently capped with snow and has no permanent glaciers.Covered in volcanic ash the slopes of Imbabura are especially fertile. In addition to cloud forests which are found across the northern Andes to an altitude of 3000 m the land around Imbabura is extensively farmed.
 The Straight River is a tributary of the Cannon River 55.6 miles (89.5 km) long in southeastern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Cannon River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of approximately 450 square miles (1200 km2) in an agricultural region. Its name is a translation of Wakpá Owóthaŋna the Dakota name for the river. Despite its name the river flows in a winding course though its valley is fairly straight.
 The Dante River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Laguna Blanca is a lake in the Sur Lípez Province Potosí Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 4350 m its surface area is 10.9 km². The lake is 5.6 km long and 3.5 km wide. The characteristic white colour of the water that gave the lake its name is caused by the high amount of minerals. Only a narrow corridor separates Laguna Blanca from the smaller Laguna Verde.
 Gentian Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. Although no trails lead to the lake it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 601.Gentian Lake is southeast of D. O. Lee Peak upstream of Cove Lake and in the same basin as Boulder and Snow Lakes.
 Rethlager Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Little Wanganui River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally west from the slopes of Mount Allen reaching the Karamea Bight close to the small; settlement of Little Wanganui.
 Ylä-Enonvesi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the Southern Savonia region in Finland. The lake is important area of fishing industry.
 Anderson Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island at the expansion of Dove Creek northwest of the city of Courtenay.
 The Pisuerga is a river in northern Spain the Duero's second largest tributary. It rises in the Cantabrian Mountains in the province of Palencia autonomous region of Castile and León.Its traditional source is called Fuente Cobre but it has been discovered that the real source is a glacier higher in the mountains. The river flows south into the Douro river shortly after passing through the city of Valladolid.
 Jackass Pass is a pedestrian mountain pass located in the Teton Range and on the border of Grand Teton National Park and Bridger-Teton National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Access to Jackass Pass from Grand Teton National Park involves a 6.7 mi (10.8 km) hike up the Berry Creek Trail or even greater distances if coming from the National Forest side.
 The Dras River also spelt Drass River (Urdu: دراس ندی‎) is a river in the Kargil district of Ladakh region in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.
 Doi Inthanon (Thai: ดอยอินทนนท์ (Pronunciation)) is the highest mountain in Thailand. It is located in Mae Chaem District Chiang Mai Province. This mountain is an ultra prominent peak and was also known in the past as Doi Luang (meaning big mountain) or Doi Ang Ka meaning the crow's pond top. Near the mountain's base was a pond where many crows gathered.
 Fishers Gap is a wind gap of the Blue Ridge Mountains located on the border of Madison County and Page County in Virginia in the Shenandoah National Park. Both Skyline Drive and the Appalachian Trail pass across the gap.
 Lake Evoron (Russian: Эвopон) is a large freshwater lake in Khabarovsk Krai Russia. It has an area of 194 square kilometres and is 30 km long and 12 km wide. Its average depth is about 2–3 m. The lake is used for fishing. Evur River empties to the lake.
 The Waihopai River — the more northerly of two New Zealand rivers of that name — runs through the South Island's Marlborough Region and is a major tributary of the Wairau River. The river has its source in the Raglan Range of mountains some 70 kilometres northwest of Kaikoura. It runs in a generally norteastward direction for all of its length the first section of which is through anrrow alpine valleys.
 The Étang de Saint-Quentin or pond of Trappes with a surface of approximately 2.5 km² is the largest body of fresh water in Yvelines. It on in the perimeter of the new town of Saint-Quentin-in-Yvelines in the commune of Trappes and Montigny-le-Bretonneux. The lake an important base of outdoor recreation.
 Heart Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 461.Heart Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Heart Lake is a heart-shaped lake in the Flyrip Creek basin which also contains several others small lakes including Camp Lake.
 Hutchinson's Hole is a large sinkhole (located in Saint Ann in northern Jamaica) named after the 18th century serial killer Lewis Hutchinson who used the sinkhole to dispose of bodies. Its depth is approximately 98 metres (322 ft) with a cave entrance some 5 by 3 metres widening to approximately 18 by 25 metres at the bottom.The hole is believed to have claimed a number of victims since.
 The Piraí-Mirim River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Mount Ellen is a 4083-foot (1244 m) high mountain in Vermont. It is located in the Green Mountains in Washington County.Mount Ellen is flanked to the south by Cutts Peak (4020 ft / 1225 m) and to the north by Stark Mountain (3662 ft / 1116 m). The area is often referred to as the Mad River Valley. Mount Ellen together with Lincoln Peak provide the slopes of Sugarbush Resort. Located nearby is Mad River Glen a ski-only resort famous for its old single chair.
 The River Gowan is a short river in Cumbria running easterly through the village of Ings before joining the River Kent at Staveley.
 The Valcălița River is a tributary of the Răstoliţa in Romania.
 High Rid Reservoir is a small stone-sided reservoir close to Lostock Junction. It lies three miles to the west of Bolton town centre Greater Manchester.
 The Basic Creek Reservoir is one of three reservoirs in the City of Albany New York's water system. The reservoir is located in Westerlo New York and was constructed from 1928-1932 by damming the Basic Creek and flooding former farmland and forest.
 Monte Penello is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the province of Genoa. It lies at an altitude of 999 metres.
 Mount Kojca is a 1303-meter-high mountain in the Cerkno Hills in the municipality of Cerkno in western Slovenia. It stands south of Mount Porezen and its summit offers views of the Cerkno region and the surrounding peaks.Mount Kojca shares its name with the hamlet of Kojca in Bukovo. The hamlet of Kojca is the oldest attested settlement below Mount Kojca and was formerly the seat of the local parish. In older sources Kojca is referred to as Kožica.
 The Hohtälli is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located southeast of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range that separates the Findel Glacier from the Gorner Glacier between the Gornergrat and the Stockhorn. Its summit has an elevation of 3273 metres and includes a cable car station. The Hohtälli is part of a ski area and features several ski runs leading down the mountain.
 Stob a' Choire Mheadhoin is a mountain in the Scottish Highlands it is situated 19 km east of Fort William in the Lochaber area of the Highland council area.
 Halvfarhøe is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Glaramara is a fell in the English Lake District in Cumbria. It is a substantial fell that is part of a long ridge that stretches for over six kilometres from Stonethwaite in Borrowdale up to the important mountain pass of Esk Hause.
 Cow Bay Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Kieferbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Ingleborough is the second highest mountain in the Yorkshire Dales at 723 metres (2372 ft). It is one of the Yorkshire Three Peaks the other two being Whernside at 736 metres (2415 ft) and Pen-y-ghent at 694 metres (2277 ft). Ingleborough is frequently climbed as part of the Yorkshire Three Peaks Challenge which is a 24-mile (38-km) circular challenge walk starting and finishing in Horton in Ribblesdale.
 Lago Colombo is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.
 Kilmashogue or Kilmashoge (Irish: Sliabh Chill Mochióg meaning Mountain of the Church of Saint Mochióg) is a mountain in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown county in Ireland. It is 408 metres (1339 feet) high and forms part of the group of hills in the Dublin Mountains which comprises Two Rock Three Rock Kilmashogue and Tibradden Mountains. The forest plantation on its northern slope which is composed mainly of Sitka spruce Scots pine and beech is a habitat for Sika deer hares rabbits and foxes.
 The Guadiana River (Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Finsteraarhorn (4274 m (14022 ft)) is the highest mountain in the Bernese Alps and the highest mountain in the canton of Berne. It is also the highest summit in the Alps lying outside the main chain or watershed. The Finsteraarhorn is the ninth highest and third most prominent peak in the Alps. Since 2001 the whole massif and surrounding glaciers are part of the Jungfrau-Aletsch World Heritage Site.
 The Valbellahorn is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located between Arosa and Wiesen in the canton of Graubünden.
 The Wolf River is a river in Thunder Bay District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a tributary Lake Superior.
 The Râul Seciului is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 Galgiriya Mountain(ගල්ගිරියා කන්ද) is an isolated mountain located in Kurunegala District in Sri Lanka. The mountain is 478 metres (1568 ft) high and it ranks as the 7th highest mountain in North Western province and the 212th highest mountain in Sri Lanka. Galgiriya Mountain is noted for its unique length about 7 km which is different from other isolated mountains in the area. At present the mountain is a forest reserve as it consists of many types of valuable flora and fauna.
 Kleiner Rachel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Arata River (荒田川 Arata-gawa) is a river in Japan which flows through the city of Gifu Gifu Prefecture. It originates in the eastern part of the city and flows westward before joining with the Nagara River. It is part of the Kiso River system. (The Sakai River also flows close to the Arata River and two rivers have small canals connecting the two in places.)
 Scheienkopf is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria although the summit is in Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 2159 metres (7083 ft).
 Raval River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Gir forest. Its basin has a maximum length of 65 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 436 square kilometres (168 sq mi).
 The Egge Hills (German: Eggegebirge) is a range of low forested mountains in the very east of the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
 La Françonne is a creek situated north of Mirabel-aux-Baronnies in France department Drôme and to the east of the former Jewish quarter called les Josiols. This quarter existed until 1348 when the inhabitants of Les Josiols were assassinated due to rumours that they had caused the outbreak of the pest in Mirabel by poisoning the wells. The Jews themselves were said not to suffer from the pest as they drank water from the creek Françonne.
 The Nabesna River is a 73-mile (117 km) tributary of the Tanana River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning at Nabesna Glacier in the Alaska Range it flows north-northeast from Wrangell–St. Elias National Park and Preserve to join the Chisana River near Northway Junction. The combined rivers form the Tanana.
 The Valea Ursului River is a tributary of the Novăţ River in Romania.
 The Padina Soroniște River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Two Island Lake is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Chincoteague Bay (local /ˈʃɪŋ.kə.tiːɡ/ /ˈʃɪŋ.kə.tɪɡ/ or /ˌʃɪŋ.kə.ˈtiːɡ/) is a lagoon between the Atlantic barrier islands of Assateague and Chincoteague and the mainland of Worcester County Maryland and northern Accomack County Virginia. At the bay's northern end where it narrows between Assateague and Sinepuxent Neck it becomes Sinepuxent Bay; Chincoteague Bay's southern end drains into the Atlantic Ocean via Queen Sound and Chincoteague Inlet.
 The Negrița River is a tributary of the Ialomicioara River in Romania.
 Bordesley Junction (grid reference SP084864) is a canal junction where the Grand Union Canal splits near to Bordesley Birmingham England. It opened in 1844 when the Birmingham and Warwick Junction Canal was built as part of a scheme to bypass the congestion at the Farmers Bridge flight of locks.
 Bindon Hill is an extensive Iron Age earthwork enclosing a coastal hill area near Lulworth Cove in Dorset England.
 The Rai River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows predominantly south reaching the Pelorus River at Pelorus Bridge. The township of Rai Valley is located close to the river's banks.
 The Vermelho River (Palmeiras River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Lac des Cordes is a lake in Hautes-Alpes France. At an elevation of 2446 m its surface area is 0.02 km².
 South Lake is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Tisăr River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Lake Tarnița (Romanian: Lacul Tarnița) is a reservoir located in Cluj County Romania between the communes of Râșca Mărișel and Gilău west of Cluj-Napoca. Covering some 215 ha with a length of close to 9 km and a maximum depth of over 70 m it is a popular tourist destination. Water from the Someșul Cald River flows into the reservoir. A 97 m high dam was completed in 1974.
 Redington Pass (el. 1310 m./4300 ft.) is a high mountain pass between the Santa Catalina Mountains and the Rincons in northeast Pima County Arizona. It is located just east of Tucson. Historically it was the connection between the farming and ranching areas of Redington along the San Pedro River on the east side of the pass and Tucson on the west side.The road through Redington Pass is unpaved and the area throughout the pass is a favorite of mountain bikers and all-terrain vehicle riders.
 Amalia Glacier also known as Skua Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in Bernardo O'Higgins National Park on the edge of the Sarmiento Channel. The glacier originates in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field. From 1945 to 1986 its terminus retreated 7 km (4.3 mi) being along with the recession of the O'Higgins Glacier the most dramatic retreat of the glaciers of the mentioned icefield during that period. The glacier partially surrounds Reclus volcano and erodes the northern flank of it.
 Monte Rotondo (Monti Sibillini) is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 Wüstenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Upper Holman Marsh Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lee is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Maksutov is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located just to the south-southwest of the larger walled plain Oppenheimer. To the southwest lies the crater Nishina and to the west-northwest is the merged crater pairing of Davisson and Leibnitz.This crater has a reasonably well-defined outer rim that has not been significantly degraded through impact erosion. The more notable feature of this crater however is the flooded interior floor.
 The Das Antas River (Tibagi River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Alpspitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. At its base is the 'AlpspiX Viewing Platform' 2 curved metal walkways reaching out 13 metres (42 feet) over a cliff crossing over each other making the shape of an X.
 Digeren is a lake in the municipalities of Kongsvinger and Eidskog in Hedmark county Norway.
 The Salmon Mountains are a mountain range in Siskiyou County northwestern California.
 Tuhala is a river on the Northern part of Estonia. It originates at Swamp Mahtra and ends at Pirita River. During its 26 km long journey it meets with Tuhala. Watershed area of the river is 112 km2.
 The Fuhse is a stream of Lower Saxony Germany a left tributary of the Aller. Spelled Fuse in maps of the 19th century and earlier the name is thought to derive from the ancient Fosa flumen after which the Germanic tribe of the Fosi took their name (or vice versa).The Fuhse originates on the west slope of the Oderwald foothills of the Harz range between Bad Harzburg und Wolfenbüttel. The source spring lies in the municipality of Flöthe near Schladen.
 Mount Hotaka (穂高岳 Hotaka-dake) also known as Mount Hotakadake is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains reaching a height of 3190 m (10466 ft). It is situated in Japan's Hida Mountains and all its major peaks besides Mount Maehotaka lie on the border between the cities of Matsumoto Nagano Prefecture and Takayama Gifu Prefecture.
 Winston Creek is a river in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It rises at Winston Lake at an elevation of 396 metres (1299 ft) and travels southwest 3.6 kilometres (2.2 mi) through Banana Lake to Triangle Lake then northwest 3.4 kilometres (2.1 mi) before emptying into an unnamed lake on the Pays Plat River at an elevation of 283 metres (928 ft). The total length of the river is thus 7 kilometres (4 mi).
 Butler Valley is a valley of the Maria fold and thrust belt in western Arizona USA. It lies east of the Colorado River and is south of the west-flowing Bill Williams River.
 Forcella Staulanza (el. 1773 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Dolomites in the province of Belluno in Italy.It connects the Zoldo valley in the south and the Cadore valley in the north.
 Bruatorpsån or Torsåsån is a river in Sweden. Almost the entire catchment area lies in Torsås Municipality in Kalmar County.
 The Lupul River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Negoiu River is a tributary of the Valea Plopilor River in Romania.
 The Pointe de Chésery is a mountain in the Chablais Alps on the Swiss-French border.
 Steep Hill Brook is a tributary of Six Mile Run in central and north central Franklin Park Somerset County New Jersey in the United States.
 Cockshoot Broad one of the Norfolk Broads lies on the River Bure within The Broads National Park in Norfolk England. It is one of several Broads where boats are not allowed at any time of the year although they can moor at its entrance. It is a nature reserve in the care of Norfolk Wildlife Trust. Before becoming a nature reserve it was one of the most dilapidated broads clogged with large amounts of silt.
 The Vloman Kill is an 18.5-mile-long (29.8 km) tributary to the Hudson River in Albany County New York in the United States. Its source is in the town of New Scotland near the village of Voorheesville and its mouth is at the Hudson River near the hamlet of Cedar Hill in the town of Bethlehem.The Normans Kill has a drainage area of approximately 30 square miles (78 km2).
 J. Percy Priest Lake is a reservoir in north central part of Tennessee. It is formed by J. Percy Priest Dam located between miles six and seven of the Stones River. The dam (easily visible from Interstate 40) is located about 10 miles (16 km) east of downtown Nashville and impounds a lake 42 miles (68 km) long.
 Shades Mountain is a cuesta in Jefferson County Alabama United States. The mountain is bordered by Shades Creek road in the west Highway 150 to the south Highway 280 to the east and Shades Creek to the north. It includes all of the neighborhood of Bluff Park in Hoover where it summits as well as portions of the cities of Homewood Vestavia Hills and Mountain Brook.
 The Timpahute Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada.
 Lake Selina is the name of a lake to the east of Mount Readin the West Coast Range West Coast of Tasmania. Its location and conditions have led it be a location of research into Pleistocene and Holocene environments. It is a glacial lake related to the nearby Lake Westwood and Lake Julia.It is located close to the Anthony Road B28 that travels between Tullah and Queenstown
 The Mocioaia River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Weiße Lauter is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Dhebar Lake (also known as Jaisamand Lake) is Asia's second-largest artificial lake (is considered largest now since the Upper lake in Bhopal India is the largest artificial lake in Asia but is almost dried up due to lack of rainfall).[citation needed] It is located in the Udaipur District of Rajasthan state in western India. It has an area of 87 km2 (34 sq mi) when full and was created in the 17th century when Rana Jai Singh of Udaipur built a marble dam across the Gomati River.
 Lake Artemesia is a man-made lake in Prince George's County Maryland USA. It is part of the Lake Artemesia Natural Area in College Park and Berwyn Heights.
 The Gârbova River is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 Pic de Salòria is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2789 metres (9150 ft) above sea level.
 The Schwielochsee is a lake in Lower Lusatia the south-eastern part of Brandenburg eastern Germany. Its area is 13.3 km² so it's the largest lake in this area. It is fed and drained by the river Spree. Part of it lies within the territory of the municipality Schwielochsee that was named after the lake.
 Lake Sempach (German: Sempachersee) is a lake in the Canton of Lucerne Switzerland. Its area is about 14.5 km² and its maximum depth is 87 m.A 50 metre-large island named Gamma Insel is located east of Sursee.
 The Vâltori River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 Cowhouse Creek is a river in Texas.
 Svartisen is a collective term for two glaciers located in northern Norway.
 The Haardt is a range of wooded sandstone hills in the state of Rhineland Palatinate in southwestern Germany. The range is some 85 kilometres (53 mi) long and lies within the Palatinate Forest (Pfälzerwald). Its highest point is the Kalmit near Maikammer which stands 673 metres (2208 ft) above sea level.
 Dreifaltigkeitsberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Willow Springs Lake is a small lake located in northern Arizona about 23 mi (37 km) east of the city of Payson in the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest immediately adjacent to SR 260. It is a small canyon-bound lake located on the Mogollon Rim and is part of the collectivity known as the Rim Lakes. It can be found upstream from Chevelon Canyon Lake. The facilities are maintained by Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest division of the USDA Forest Service.
 Lake Temagami formerly spelt as Lake Timagami is a lake in Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario Canada situated approximately 80 km north of North Bay. The lake's name comes from Te-mee-ay-gaming which means deep water by the shore in the Ojibwa language.
 Doyles River a perennial river of the Hastings River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Mount Sicker is a small mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. It is near Crofton Chemainus and Duncan.
 Le Sérac is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located near the Sanetsch Pass in the canton of Valais. It belongs to the Wildhorn massif.
 The Bloaja River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 The Tamsa River (also known as the Tons River) is a tributary of the Ganges flowing through the Indian states of Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh.
 Twomile Creek is a tributary of the Kanawha River 4.7 miles (7.6 km) long in West Virginia in the United States. Via the Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 24.4 square miles (63 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau in the city of Charleston and its vicinity.
 Šventupys is a river of Akmenė district municipality Šiauliai County northern Lithuania. It flows for 23.7 kilometres and has a basin area of 127.9 km².
 Newton is a lunar crater located near the south limb of the Moon. It is south-southwest of the crater Moretus. To the northeast is Short and in the northeast are Casatus and Klaproth. Because of its location the crater appears highly oblong due to foreshortening. It is considered the deepest crater on the near side of the Moon.The interior of Newton is a picture in contrasts.
 The Fuji River (富士川 Fuji-kawa or Fuji-gawa) is a river in Yamanashi and Shizuoka Prefectures of central Japan. It is 128 kilometres (80 mi) long and has a watershed of 3990 square kilometres (1540 sq mi).
 Hyeongjebong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1778 metres.
 Lake Musters and lake Colhué Huapi (45°25′S 69°11′W 260 m) form the terminal stage of the Senguerr river endorheic basin located in the patagonic central region of Argentina in the south of Chubut province. Closest populated area is Sarmiento a 8000 inhabitant former Welsh immigrants colony. The lakes gave their names to the Mustersan and Colhuehuapian South American Land Mammal Ages.
 Vidojevica (Serbian Cyrillic: Видојевица) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Prokuplje. Its highest peak Bandera has an elevation of 1155 meters above sea level. On the top of the mountain there is a new Astronomical Station of the Belgrade Observatory.
 Chengcing Lake (Chinese: 澄清湖; Hanyu Pinyin: Chéngqīng Hú; Tongyong Pinyin: Chéngcing Hú; Wade–Giles: Ch'eng2-ch'ing1 Hu2) also known as the Cheng Ching Lake Dabei Lake (大貝湖) or Toapi Lake (Chinese: 大埤湖; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tōa-pi-ô͘) in Taiwanese is an artificial lake located in Niaosong Kaohsiung Taiwan. The lake is not far from downtown Kaohsiung and the major suburban district of Fengshan. The lake is a source of the water supply network and a tourist area of the Kaohsiung region.
 Griff Creek is a southward-flowing stream originating on Martis Peak in Placer County California United States. It culminates in north Lake Tahoe at Kings Beach California.
 The Inhomirim River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Waldsiepen is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Sunset Crater is a volcanic cinder cone located north of Flagstaff in U.S. State of Arizona. The crater is within the Sunset Crater Volcano National Monument.Sunset Crater is the youngest in a string of volcanoes (the San Francisco volcanic field) that is related to the nearby San Francisco Peaks.The date of the eruptions that formed the 340-meter-high cone (1120 ft) was initially derived from tree-ring dates suggesting the eruption began between the growing seasons of A.D. 1064–1065.
 Fylleån is a river in Sweden.
 The Bogdănești River is a tributary of the Strunga River in Romania.
 Labbas is a lake in the Swedish municipality of Arjeplog near the village of Sundnäs close to the Arctic Circle. The lake stands at 488 meters above sea level. Locally the lake is known for being a good fishing ground for char.Astrid Lindgren used the name of the lake as a name in Ronia the Robber's Daughter after she found it on a road map.
 Radstädter Tauern Pass (el. 1738 m (5702 ft)) is a high mountain pass in the Radstädter Tauern which are in the Niedere Tauern range of the Central Eastern Alps in Austria between Radstadt and Mauterndorf in the state of Salzburg.The pass is crossed by the Katschbergstraße (B 99) which connects Bischofshofen with Sankt Michael im Lungau. In the south the road continues across the Katschberg Pass into Carinthia.
 Touchwood Lake is a lake in the Hayes River drainage basin in Census Division No. 22 - Thompson-North Central Northern Region Manitoba Canada. The lake is about 20.9 kilometres (13.0 mi) long and 4.4 kilometres (2.7 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 184 metres (604 ft). The primary inflows (clockwise from the northwest) are the Mink River Wanless Creek and the Wapawukaw River and the primary outflow is a channel to Vermilyea Lake.
 Lake Sevettijärvi (Skolt Sami: Čeˊvetjäuˊrr Inari Sami: Čeavetjávri) a medium-sized lake in the Näätämöjoki main catchment area. It is located in the Lapland region of Finland. On the western shore there is the village Sevettijärvi. The inhabitants there are mainly Skolt Sami people.
 Sonoma Mountain is a prominent landform within the Sonoma Mountains of southern Sonoma County California. At elevation of 2463 ft (751 m) Sonoma Mountain offers expansive views of the Pacific Ocean to the west and the Sonoma Valley to the east.
 The Lulonga is a river in the Equateur province of Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is about 200 km long from its beginning at the town of Basankusu. There the Lopori and the Maringa join to form the Lulonga. The Lulonga river flows into the Congo River at the town Lulonga.
 Turka (Russian: Турка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Iren River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 72 km. Area of drainage basin is 814 km². Main tributaries: Yug River Savlek River Byrma River Bolshaya Gorevaya River Beryozovka River Chyornaya Turka River.
 Cima de Barna is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. It is situated south of Pass de Balniscio.
 The Gilorțelul Mare River is a headwater of the Gilorţel River in Romania.
 The Artan River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Grand Lake is a lake in the Ottawa River drainage basin in the Unorganized West Part of Timiskaming District in Northeastern Ontario Canada.The lake is 1.2 kilometres (0.7 mi) long and 0.4 kilometres (0.2 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 340 metres (1115 ft) about 15 kilometres (9 mi) south west of the community of Gowganda.
 The Ulúa River (Spanish: Río Ulúa) is a river in western Honduras. It rises in the central mountainous area of the country close to La Paz and runs 150 miles approximately due northwards to the east end of the Gulf of Honduras at 15°55′N 87°43′W. En route it is joined by the Sulaco River the Otoro River and the Chamelecón River.
 The Bogata River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Teleșau River is a tributary of the Fembediu River in Romania
 The Stockhorn (2610 m) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking Binn in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Scherbadung massif.
 The Coasta River is a tributary of the Sibişel river in Romania.
 The Horse Heaven Hills are a long range of high rolling hills in Klickitat Yakima and Benton counties in Washington State located east of Satus Creek and west of the Columbia River between the Yakima River and the Wallula Gap. The hills are an anticline ridge in the Yakima fold belt formed by north–south compression of lava flows in the Columbia River Basalt Group.
 The Pârâul lui Albu River is a headwater of the Lotrişoara Mare River in Romania.
 The Edo River (江戸川 Edogawa) is a river in the Kantō region of Japan. It splits from the Tone River at the northernmost tip of Noda City in the Sekiyado district crosses through Nagareyama and Matsudo and empties into Tokyo Bay at Ichikawa Chiba Prefecture. The Edo forms the borders between Tokyo Chiba and Saitama prefectures. The Edo River is 59.5 kilometres (37.0 mi) long.The course of the Edo River was originally the lower course of the Tone River.
 Goethe Basin is a 383 km diameter impact basin at 78.5° N 44.5° W on Mercury. It is named after Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
 The Căprăria River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 Beaufort Lake is a small lake located south east of southern end of Comox Lake. This lake is a widening of Beaufort Creek in turn takes it name from the Beaufort Range.
 Mamry (German: Mauersee Lithuanian: Mauras) is a lake in the Masurian Lake District of Poland's Warmia-Mazury Province. It is the second largest lake in Poland with an area of 104 km.² Maximum depth is 44 m average is 11 m. It actually comprises six connected lakes: Mamry Kirsajty Kisajno Dargin Święcajty and Dobskie. Mamry features 33 islands totalling 213 hectares some of which are ornithological reserves. Lake Mamry is a popular tourist destination.
 Hyefjorden is a fjord in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 14-kilometre (8.7 mi) long Hyefjorden is relatively narrow with steep rock walls located close to the fjord on both sides. The west side is where impassable mountains plunge straight into the fjord. Norwegian County Road 615 runs on the east side of the bay with a series of tunnels through avalanche areas.
 Lake Vermilion is a freshwater lake in northeastern Minnesota United States. The Ojibwe originally called the lake Onamuni which means Lake of the Sunset Glow. French fur traders translated this to the Latin word Vermilion which is a red pigment. Lake Vermilion is located between the towns of Tower on the east and Cook on the west in the heart of Minnesota's Arrowhead Region at Vermilion Iron Range.
 The Balta Nouă River is a tributary of the Stolniceni River in Romania.
 Obed River is a stream draining a part of the Cumberland Plateau in Tennessee. It and particularly its tributaries are important streams for whitewater enthusiasts.The Obed River rises in Cumberland County Tennessee just south of Crossville. It is bridged by U.S. Highway 70 between downtown Crossville and the municipal airport and meets its confluence with the Little Obed River near a bridge on U.S.
 The Whakanekeneke River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally west from its origins north of Lake Omapere and flows into the Waihou River an arm of the Hokianga Harbour.
 The Scârna Mare River is a headwater of the Scârna River in Romania.
 The Blue Lake is one of only four cirque lakes found in mainland Australia the other three Cootapatamba Albina and Club are shallower than BL and are heldentirely by terminal moraines. Its valley contains the best-developed glacial features in the Kosciuszko National Park alpine area of New South Wales.
 The Mowdish Range is a mountain range in east-central British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 303 km2 and is a subrange of the Cariboo Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.
 The Calico Mountains of California are located in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County and Inyo County California.
 The Negreasca River is a tributary of the Călmăţui River in Romania.
 The Tismănița River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 White Cloud Peak 6 also known as WCP 6 at 10256 feet (3126 m) above sea level is an unofficially named peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 0.61 mi (0.98 km) north-northeast of White Cloud Peak 7 its line parent.
 Black Bear Road officially Forest Service Road 648 is a notorious jeep trail that starts from 11018-foot (3358 m) summit of Red Mountain Pass on U.S. Highway 550 (between Ouray and Silverton) to Telluride Colorado. The Black Bear Road crests at Black Bear Pass elevation 12840 feet (3910 m). The road descends over a set of infamous switchbacks as it navigates the heights above Telluride. The road passes Bridal Veil Falls the second highest waterfall in Colorado.
 The Trettachspitze is a 2595 metre high mountain in the Allgäu Alps in Germany. Due to its striking appearance (a very steep narrow horn of rock when seen from the west and east) it is one of the best-known mountains in the Allgäu Alps.
 Little Redfish Lake is a name given to two different alpine lakes in central Idaho both in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Custer County. This article refers in the Big Boulder Creek Watershed of the White Cloud Mountains. For the article on the other Little Redfish Lake south of Stanley and downstream of Redfish Lake see Little Redfish Lake.Sawtooth National Forest trail 213 leads to Little Redfish Lake from trail 047 along Big Boulder Creek.
 The Planggenstock (1675 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located south of Bilten in the canton of Glarus. It lies between the valley of the Linth and the valley of Niederurnen.
 Pacheco Lake is a reservoir in the Diablo Range of California U.S.A.. Located north of State Route 152 in eastern Santa Clara County the lake is about an hour's drive from downtown San Jose.The lake is formed by a dam across a fork of Pacheco Creek whose waters reach Monterey Bay by way of the Pajaro River.
 Lake Plav (Montenegrin: Plavsko jezero) is a lake in Plav municipality in northeastern Montenegro.It is a glacial lake located between the Prokletije and Visitor mountain ranges at an altitude of 906 m above sea level and extends north-south for some 2160 m. Its average width is 920 m and its maximum depth is nine meters.It is the largest and most beautiful lake in Plav and is also the best known tourist attraction in the area.
 Cerro Las Minas is the highest mountain in Honduras. Cerro Las Minas is located in the rugged and relatively isolated Lempira department in the western part of the country.
 Los Trancos Creek (meaning barriers or cattle guards from the Spanish Las Trancas) is a creek that flows northerly from Monte Bello Ridge on the northeast slope of the Santa Cruz Mountains to its confluence with San Francisquito Creek at Stanford University in California United States of America. The creek forms the boundary between northwestern Santa Clara County and southeastern San Mateo County.
 The Koko River is a river in the Rusizi District of southwestern Rwanda that is a right-hand tributary of the Ruhwa River which forms the boundary between the western regions of Rwanda and Burundi. For most of its length it runs through the Nyungwe National Park.
 The Watkins Glacier is a glacier situated on the southeastern flank of Mount Shasta in the U.S. state of California. It occupies a small cirque in the Clear Creek drainage. It is the smallest officially-named glacier on Mount Shasta and it was not accorded that status until 1976 following a decades-long campaign by local resident R.
 Mount McKay is a mafic sill located south of Thunder Bay Ontario Canada on the Indian Reserve of the Fort William First Nation. It is the highest most northern and best known of the Nor'Wester Mountains. It formed during a period of magmatic activity associated with the large Midcontinent Rift System about 1100 million years ago.
 The Valea Râsului River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 Gull Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.Gull Lake is found in northern Ontario. It is the source for drinking water for the community of Kirkland Lake and it is most popular for bass fishing.
 Benkerjoch Pass (el. 674 m) is a mountain pass in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.It connects Küttigen and Oberhof. Until 1801 the pass was the boundary between Austria and Switzerland. The current pass road was built in 1977.A postal bus route runs over the pass to Aarau.
 Black Rock Mountain (Irish: Stua an Charraig Dubh) is in the Blackstairs Mountains which are located on the Carlow-Wexford border. The Blackstairs are divided into two massifs to the north Mount Leinster and to the south Blackstairs Mountain. Black Rock is the terminal peak of the eastern shoulder of Mount Leinster.
 The Hangu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui in the proximity of Hangu.
 East Goose Lake is a lake of Argyle municipality in south-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 Left Hand Creek is a tributary of Saint Vrain Creek approximately 33.9 miles (54.6 km) long in Boulder County Colorado in the United States. The creek drains a section of the foothills of the Front Range northwest of Boulder descending from the mountains in a steep canyon known as Left Hand Canyon. It issues from Left Hand Park Reservoir along the north flank of Niwot Mountain. It flows through a steep gorge to the east passing below Ward (which sits roughly at the head of the canyon).
 The Cremenița River is a tributary of the Răchita River in Romania.
 The Pitahaya is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Asdorf is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Roadford Lake also known as Roadford Reservoir is a man-made reservoir fed by the River Wolf. It is located to the north-east of Broadwoodwidger in West Devon eight miles (13 km) east of Launceston. It is the largest area of fresh water in the southwest of England. Operated by South West Water it directly supplies water for North Devon. It also supplies Plymouth and South West Devon via releases into the River Tamar for abstraction at Gunnislake.
 Felda (Ohm) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Wahseeja Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is just northwest of Shaheeya Peak.
 The Straua River is a tributary of the Deju River in Romania.
 Tornagaleones River (Spanish: Río Tornagaleones) is a river and eastuarine channel in Los Ríos Region Chile. Together with Valdivia and Futa River it encloses the fluvial island of Isla del Rey. The fresh waters of Tornagaleones comes from Futa Naguilán and Valdivia River. During high tide brackish waters from Corral Bay enters the channel.
 The Maumee River (pronounced /mɔːˈmiː/) (Shawnee: Hotaawathiipi ) is a river in northwestern Ohio and northeastern Indiana in the United States. It is formed at Fort Wayne Indiana by the confluence of the St. Joseph and St. Marys rivers and meanders northeastwardly for 137 miles (220 km) through an agricultural region of glacial moraines before flowing into the Maumee Bay of Lake Erie at the city of Toledo Ohio. It was designated an Ohio State Scenic River on July 18 1974.
 Weichenwang is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 Lago Argentino is a lake in the Patagonian province of Santa Cruz Argentina at 50°2′S 72°4′W. It is the biggest freshwater lake in Argentina with a surface area of 1466 km2 (566 sq mi) (maximum width: 20 mi (32 km)).
 Göritz is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Norfork Tailwater is the segment of the North Fork River below Norfork Dam in north central Arkansas. Near Salesville Arkansas the Norfork Tailwater is about 4.8 miles (7.7 km) long and stretches from the dam below Lake Norfork to the White River. The Norfork Tailwater is home to brown rainbow cutthroat and brook trout as well as other fish.
 Parangi Aru is a river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in central Vavuniya District before flowing north/north-west through Vavuniya District Mannar District and Mullaitivu District. The river empties into Palk Bay.
 Lake Lida is a sandy lake located in Otter Tail County Minnesota. Lida Township Minnesota is named after the lake and is centered directly over it. The lake is approximately 6 miles (9.7 km) long from north to south and is a maximum of four miles (6 km) wide from east to west from the widest point. South Lake Lida is located directly south of the main lake separated only by a land bridge.
 Saltlick Creek is a tributary of the Little Kanawha River 17.7 miles (28.5 km) long in central West Virginia in the United States. Via the Little Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 49 square miles (130 km2) in a rural region on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.Saltlick Creek flows for its entire length in Braxton County.
 The Lackawanna River is a 40.8-mile-long (65.7 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in northeastern Pennsylvania in the United States. It flows through a region of the northern Pocono Mountains that was once a center of anthracite coal mining in the United States. The lower reaches of the river flow through the urbanized areas of Scranton which grew around its banks in the 19th century as an industrial center.
 The River Boyd is a river of some 7 miles (11 km) in length which rises near Dodington in South Gloucestershire England. It is a tributary of the Bristol Avon running in a southerly direction and joining near Bitton. The flow rate at Bitton is an average 19.8 cubic feet per second (0.56 m3/s).
 The Urzelina volcano was a volcanic eruption that occurred in 1808 from a fissural cone along the island of São Jorge in the Azores responsible for the destruction and deaths in the community of Urzelina Velas producing a basalt field of volcanic rock extending to the Ponta da Urzelina.
 Lake Awoonga was formed on the Boyne River by the dam located 30 km (19 mi) from Gladstone in Central Queensland Australia. It is approximately 30 minutes drive from Gladstone via Benaraby.Lake Awoonga is the main water supply for the Gladstone region. Its recreation areas and recreational fishery are provided free to locals and tourists by the Gladstone Area Water Board.
 Hyalo Ridge is a tuya in Wells Gray Provincial Park. Hyalo Ridge last erupted during Pleistocene.
 Shaobo Lake（Chinese: 邵伯湖; pinyin: Shàobó Hú）is a freshwater lake in Jiangsu Province China it is located between Gaoyou and Yangzhou. Shaobo Lake is a part of the Huai River system as the Huai River flows south through Shaobo Lake on its way to the Yangtze River like Gaoyou Lake. It is about 17 km long and 60 km wide covering approximately 77 km2.
 Little Shamokin Creek is a tributary of Shamokin Creek and a sub-tributary of the Susquehanna River in Northumberland County Pennsylvania in the United States. The watershed of the creek has an area of 37 square miles spread out over Upper Augusta Township Lower Augusta Township Rockefeller Township and Shamokin Township. The creek's watershed contains four rock formations. These are the Hamilton Group the Spechty Kopf formation the Irish Valley formation and the Buddy Run formation.
 The Ciotina River is a tributary of the Coșna River in Romania.
 The De Grey River is a river located in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.The river rises south of Callawa at the confluence of the Oakover and the Nullagine rivers and flows in a west-north-westerly direction eventually discharging into the Indian Ocean via Breaker Inlet about 80 km north-east of Port Hedland.Its stream bed is 100 to 130 metres wide dry throughout most of the year[citation needed].
 Palić Lake (Serbian: Палићко језеро Palićko jezero) is a lake situated 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) from Subotica near the town of Palić in Serbia. It covers an area of 3.8 square kilometres (1.5 sq mi). The average depth of the lake is 2 metres (6 ft 7 in).
 The Cârjoani River is a tributary of the Tutova River in Romania.
 The Nedeiu River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 For the children's book series see RedwallThe Red Wall (German: Rote Wand) is a mountain in the Lechquellen Mountains range of Vorarlberg in western Austria.The second highest mountain at 2704 m AA in the range behind the lower pit Wildspitze (2753 metres (9032 ft)) in the mountains of Lech sources it rises from the valley floor between the Großes Walsertal in the north and Dalaas (Monastery Valley) in the south.
 Fewston Reservoir is located in the Washburn valley north of Otley and west of Harrogate in Yorkshire England. It was built in 1879. The capacity is about 3.5 million cubic metres. It can be found from the A59 road.The overflow from the reservoir feeds directly into the adjoining Swinsty Reservoir. Formerly this overflow was encircled by a metal walkway from which floodboards could be lowered but this has since been removed.
 Fellbarrow is a low hill in the north west of the English Lake District. It is not far from the town of Cockermouth near to Loweswater and can most easily be climbed from Low Lorton or Thackthwaite. From the summit there are views across the Lorton valley to Grasmoor and Whiteside.
 Mount Owen elevation 13070 ft (3980 m) is a summit in the Elk Mountains of Colorado. The mountain is 7 miles (11 km) west northwest of Crested Butte in the Raggeds Wilderness.
 Acari River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Teșna River is a tributary of the Coșna River in Romania.
 Mount Erebus /ˈɛrɨbəs/ is the second highest volcano in Antarctica (after Mount Sidley) and the southernmost active volcano on earth. It is the 6th highest ultra mountain on an island. With a summit elevation of 3794 metres (12448 ft) it is located on Ross Island which is also home to three inactive volcanoes Mount Terror Mount Bird and Mount Terra Nova.
 This article is about the creek in Lincoln and Wentworth Counties Ontario Canada. For the creek in Chautauqua County New York and Erie County Pennsylvania see Twentymile Creek.The Twenty Mile Creek is a minor waterway located in the Niagara Peninsula Ontario Canada. It receives its name because the mouth of the Twenty Mile Creek is twenty miles west of the mouth of the Niagara River. The Indian name for the Twenty Mile Creek was the Kenowchdaw which translates to Lead River.
 Makjangbong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 868 metres.
 The Chisna River is a river of Guatemala.
 Shah Dhar is a mountain in the Hindu Kush mountains. It has an elevation of 7038 metres (23091 ft) and sits on the international boundary between Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 Byeongpungsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 822 metres.
 Ipsoot Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Ipsoot Lake is adjacent to Snoqualmie National Forest and approximately 2 mi (3.2 km) northwest of Green Lake and 1.75 mi (2.82 km) southwest of Hagan Mountain.
 Marsh Lake (Mud Lake) is a widening of the Yukon River southeast of Whitehorse Yukon Canada. It is over 30 kilometres long and ranges from three to four kilometres wide.The co-ordinates of the lake are 60°26′10″N 134°15′02″W and is 2147 feet above sea level. The lake forms part of a chain of finger lakes sometimes referred to as The Southern Lakes they form the headwaters of the Yukon River.The community of Marsh Lake Yukon is located along the northern shores of the lake.
 Mount Guntur or Gunung Guntur is an active stratovolcano in western Java. It is part of a complex of several overlapping stratovolcanoes about 10 km (6.2 mi) northwest of the city of Garut. The last eruption was in 1847. At an elevation of 2249 m (7379 ft) Mount Guntur rises about 1500 m (4900 ft) above the plain of Garut. It produced frequent explosive eruptions in the 19th century making it one of the most active volcanoes of western Java. Since then it has not erupted.
 The Krebsgraben is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Turkey River is a 153-mile-long (246 km) tributary of the upper Mississippi River. Its main branch rises in Howard County Iowa near the city of Cresco. The other counties it or its tributaries cover are Chickasaw Winneshiek Fayette Clayton Delaware and Dubuque. Tributaries include the Little Turkey River and Crane Creek.
 Globe Flower Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island west of Buttle Lake.
 Fletcher's Canal was a 1.5-mile (2.4 km) long canal in Greater Manchester which connected the Wet Earth Colliery to the Manchester Bolton & Bury Canal at Clifton Aqueduct. The canal is now derelict and no longer used.The canal was built on the south bank of the River Irwell through the area now known as Clifton Country Park. West of Pilkington's long sections of the canal are evident although none of these sections hold water.
 Blåhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Laguna Salada is a vast dry lake some 10 meters below sea level (sometimes wet - sometimes dry) in the Sonoran Desert of Baja California 30 km (19 mi) southwest of Mexicali. The lake's shape vaguely resembles a rhombus. When dry the flatness of the exposed lake bed sediments makes it a favoured location for recreational driving. It is also notorious for its dust storms (when dry) usually the result of monsoonal thunderstorms during the summer.
 Khazret Sultan is a mountain and the highest point of Uzbekistan with an altitude of 4643 metres (15233 ft). It is located on the border between Uzbekistan and Tajikistan in Surkhandarya Province in the Uzbek part of the Gissar Range. This mountain was formerly known as Peak of the 22nd Congress of the Communist Party.
 Mount Kirkpatrick is a lofty generally ice-free mountain in Antarctica's Queen Alexandra Range. Located 8 km (5 mi) west of Mount Dickerson Mt. Kirkpatrick is the highest point in the Queen Alexandra Range as well as in its parent range the Transantarctic Mountains. Discovered and named by the British Antarctic Expedition (1907–09) the mountain was named for a Glasgow businessman who was one of the original supporters of the expedition.
 Dominici is a crater on Mercury. Dominici’s bright rays indicate that it is relatively young and the young rays appear light blue in enhanced-color images. Dominici also has bright material on its floor and is surrounded by crater ejecta and material that appears orange in enhanced color. These color differences as in nearby Titian crater suggest that the impact crater excavated material from beneath Mercury’s surface that differs in composition from the surrounding surface.
 Malyy is a damaged lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon behind the eastern limb as seen from the Earth. It is located to the south-southeast of the crater Artamonov. Slightly farther to the east-northeast lies Deutsch. The quadrant of terrain to the southwest of Malyy forms a nearly level plain marked by small craters and buried features.Several small craterlets overlap parts of the rim of Malyy and the edge is generally eroded and uneven.
 Alte Elbe is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Victorian Alps an extensive mountain range that forms the southern part of the Australian Alps located in the Australian state of Victoria is part of the Great Dividing Range an IBRA sub-bioregion of approximately 519866 hectares (1284620 acres) and an administrative sub-region bordering the Gippsland and Hume regions.
 The Varangerfjord (Russian: Варангер-фъорд Варяжский залив; Finnish: Varanginvuono; Northern Sami: Várjavuonna) is the easternmost fjord in Norway. The fjord is located in Finnmark county between the Varanger Peninsula and the mainland of Norway. The fjord flows through the municipalities of Vardø Vadsø Nesseby and Sør-Varanger. The fjord is approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) long emptying into the Barents Sea.
 Giandari is a mountain peak approximately 1250 metres (4100 ft) in height in the Sulaiman Mountains range in Pakistan. It is located in the Mazari Tribal Territory of Rojhan Mazari on the Balochistan Province—Punjab Province border .It is about 65 kilometres (40 mi) west of Indus River. Giandari is a part of the large and extensive Sulaiman Range of mountains and hills. Rojhan Mazari (28°34′N 70°13′E) is the closest town near the Indus River.
 Bruach na Frìthe is one of the principal summits on the Black Cuillin ridge. Like the rest of the range it is composed of gabbro a rock with excellent grip for mountaineering. The Bruach cannot be seen in the popular view from Sligachan - the right hand peak which is often mistaken for it is the lower Sgurr a' Bhasteir.This is one of the easiest and probably the most ascended of the main Black Cuillin peaks requiring no scrambling ability.
 The Leaf River is a 43.6-mile-long (70.2 km) tributary of the Crow Wing River in west-central Minnesota in the United States. Via the Crow Wing it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 The Ruginoasa River is a tributary of the Bălăneasa River in Romania.
 Jabelscher See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.1 m its surface area is 2.34 km².
 Viedma Lake (Spanish: Lago Viedma Spanish pronunciation: [laɣo ˈβjeðma]) approximately 50 miles (80 kilometers) long in southern Patagonia near the border between Chile and Argentina.
 Little Yellow Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country and wholly in the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 5504 feet (1677 m) it is on the border between Avery and Mitchell counties.
 The Nina River is a river of the north Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows predominantly east from its source within Lake Sumner Forest Park veering southeast shortly before it flows into the Boyle River 35 kilometres west of Hanmer Springs.
 The Corund River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 The Buberlesbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Stara Rega is a river of Poland. It is a tributary of Rega river.
 The Sandy Glacier Caves are a system of glacier caves within the ice of Sandy Glacier on Mount Hood Oregon. They are thought to be the largest glacier caves in the lower 48 states of the U.S.A. Surveys done in 2011 and 2012 have measured the system at over 1 mile in length. The caves formed from internal glacial melting. As melting continues the caves grow larger with entrances to the caves receding up the glacier's slope.
 The Yuam River (Thai: แม่น้ำยวม is a river in northwestern Thailand part of the Salween watershed. It originates in the mountains of the Thanon Thong Chai Range Khun Yuam District Mae Hong Son Province Thailand. The river flows in a N/S direction and then in Sop Moei District it bends westwards and then northwestwards forming a stretch of the Thai/Burmese border shortly before it joins the left bank of the Moei River shortly before its confluence with the Salween.
 Mummy Mountain elevation 13430 ft (4090 m) is a summit in the Mummy Range of north central Colorado. The mountain is 6 mi (9.7 km) northwest of Estes Park in Rocky Mountain National Park.
 Aracar is a large conical stratovolcano in northwestern Argentina just east of the Chilean border. It has an uneroded summit crater about 1.5 km (1 mi) in diameter which contains a small crater lake. It is located on the edge of the Puna de Atacama a high desert plateau east of the Atacama Desert. The only observed volcanic activity was a possible steam or ash plume on March 28 1993 seen from the village of Tolar Grande about 50 km (31 mi) southeast of the volcano.
 Sichter (Wiebelsaat) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Sex du Coeur (also known as Pointe d'Arvouin) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps located on the border between Switzerland and France. It lies south of the Cornettes de Bise between the alp of Le Coeur and the lake of Arvouin.
 The Elissonas (Ελισσώνας) oe Elisson (Ελισσών) is a river that flows entirely in the Sicyon municipality in Corinthia in the northeastern Peloponnese in Greece.
 The Citaré River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Ostrowskie Lake is a lake in Kuyavian-Pomeranian Voivodeship north-central Poland in the Gmina Jeziora Wielkie. It's a Glacial lake typically Ribbon lake
 The Alegre River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Ernea River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Moel Oernant is a 503m high hill in the community of Trawsfynydd in the county of Gwynedd in North Wales. It has a number of western tops the highest of which reaches a height of 466m overlooking the waterbody known as Llyn Gelli-Gain and another at Frîdd Wen exceeds 410m. To the south of the lake is the top of Pîg Idris which reaches 429m. The minor top of Y-Foel attains 430m to the northeast of Moel Oernant.
 The Valea lui Iacob River is a tributary of the Râul Vadului in Romania. It is formed at the junction of headwaters Izvorul Găujanilor and Izvorul Muntenilor
 Dos Marmelos River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Weizenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Purdel River is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 The Cornet River is a tributary of the Coisca River in Romania.
 The Chioara River is a tributary of the Laz River in Romania.
 Mineur is a lunar crater that lies just to the northeast of the prominent crater Jackson on the far side of the Moon. Jackson lies at the center of a broad ray system a portion of which covers Mineur. The closest other crater of note is Cockcroft to the north.This is a heavily eroded crater formation with a worn rim that stands in contrast to the well-defined features of Jackson. The northern part of the rim in particular has been heavily damaged by multiple overlapping impacts.
 Ilse (Lahn) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mittry Lake is located in the Mittry Lake Wildlife Area just north of Yuma Arizona on the Lower Colorado River. It is located in between the upstream Imperial Dam and the downstream Laguna Dam. Mittry Lake comprises about 750 acres (300 ha) with much of the shoreline covered with cattails and bullrush. The lake has undergone rehabilitation work including marsh dredging revegetation and fish habitat improvement making it a great location for small game hunting and sport fishing.
 Laduviken (Swedish: Barn Bay) is a lake in Norra Djurgården a rural area in north-eastern Stockholm Sweden forming part of the national city park Ekoparken (Nationalstadsparken). It is one of six lakes in Djurgården the others being: Lillsjön Uggleviken Isbladskärret Lappkärret and Spegeldammen.
 Planck is a huge lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere of the Moon on the far side as seen from the Earth. It lies to the west of the walled plain Poincaré another enormous formation only slightly larger than Planck. Both formations are larger than the walled plain Bailly the largest crater on the near side.
 Mount Hasan (Turkish: Hasan Dağı) is an inactive stratovolcano in Aksaray province Turkey. With an altitude of 3253 m (10672 ft.) it ranks as the second highest mountain of central Anatolia. A caldera 4-5 kilometres wide formed near the current summit around 7500 BC in an eruption recorded in Neolithic paintings.The ancient settlement of Çatalhöyük collected obsidian from the area of Hasan Dağ which they probably traded with other settlements for luxury goods.
 Agno River is a river in the Philippine island of Luzon in the province of Pangasinan. It is the fifth largest river system in the country with drainage area of 5952 km². It originates in the Cordillera Mountains and empties into the South China Sea via the Lingayen Gulf. The river is 206 km long. Roughly 2 million people live in the Agno River Valley and it comprises one of Philippines' larger population clusters.
 Monteverdi is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 138 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Monteverdi is named for the Italian composer Claudio Monteverdi who lived from 1567 to 1643.
 Al-Jāhiz is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 91 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Al-Hamadhani is named for the Arab writer Al-Jahiz who died in 869 C.E.
 The Peixe River (Bahia) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Ardey Hills (German: Ardeygebirge or Ardey) are a range of wooded hills up to 273.8 m above sea level in the territory of the city of Dortmund and the districts of Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis and Unna in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. The hills form part of the eastern Rhenish Massif and to a lesser extent to the Berg-Mark Hills (Bergisch-Märkisches Hügelland).
 Bow Back Rivers or Stratford Back Rivers is a complex of waterways between Bow and Stratford in east London England which connect the River Lea to the River Thames. Starting in the twelfth century works were carried out to drain Stratford Marshes and several of the waterways were constructed to power watermills.
 The Canalul Morilor is an artificial canal parallel to the Crişul Alb River in Romania. Constructed in the 19th century for water-mills it is now used for irrigation. It also collects several tributaries of the river.
 The Guadalquivir (Spanish pronunciation: [ɡwaðalkiˈβir]) is the fifth longest river in the Iberian peninsula and the second longest river with its entire length in Spain. The Guadalquivir is 657 kilometers long and drains an area of about 58000 square kilometers.
 The Blanc de Moming is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located south of Zinal in the canton of Valais. It lies between the Besso and the Zinalrothorn. It is connected to the Zinalrothorn by a ridge named Arête du Blanc.
 Pizzo di Campedell is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. It lies on the range south of Torent Alto between the valley of the Ticino and the Val Calanca.
 The Valea Curciului River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare river in Romania.
 The Olteana River is a tributary of the Șucu River in Romania.
 The Gods River is a remote wilderness river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Northern Manitoba Canada. Its flows from its source at Gods Lake to its mouth at the Hayes River. The Hayes River flows to Hudson Bay.The First Nations communities of Gods River and Shamattawa are located at the river's source and at the confluence with the Echoing River respectively.
 The Găvan River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Mount McAdie is summit on the crest of the Sierra Nevada and is located 2.1 miles (3.4 km) south of Mount Whitney. It has three summits with the north peak being the highest. The summit ridge marks the boundary between Sequoia National Park and the John Muir Wilderness. It is also on the boundary between Inyo and Tulare counties. Lone Pine 12.4 miles (20.0 km) to the northeast is in the Owens Valley on U.S. 395.In 1905 the mountain was named in honor of Alexander G. McAdie by James E.
 Little Carp River is a 15-mile-long (24 km) river in Gogebic and Ontonagon counties in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 The Yellowhead Pass is a mountain pass across the Continental Divide of the Americas in the Canadian Rockies. It is located on the provincial boundary between the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia and lies within Jasper National Park and Mount Robson Provincial Park.Due to its modest elevation of 1131 m (3711 ft) and its gradual approaches the pass was recommended by Sir Sandford Fleming as a route across the Rocky Mountains for the planned Canadian Pacific Railway.
 The Tournelon Blanc is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking the lake of Mauvoisin in the canton of Valais. It belongs to the Grand Combin massif and lies east of the Corbassière Glacier.
 Storbreatinden is a mountain in the municipality of Lom in Oppland in southern Norway.
 Zard Kuh (meaning Yellow Mountain also spelled Zardkuh or Zard-e Kuh-e Bakhtiari; Persian: زردكوه بختياري) is a sub-range in the central Zagros Range Iran.It is located in the Zagros Mountains in the Chaharmahal and Bakhtiari Province of Iran.The Karun and also Zayanderud rivers start in the Zagros mountains near the Zardkuh.
 The Tschingel (2326 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Meiringen in the Bernese Oberland. It constitutes the eastern end of the Grindelgrat a ridge descending from the Garzen summit (2710 m).
 The Meathouse Fork is a tributary of Middle Island Creek 19.7 miles (31.7 km) long in north-central West Virginia in the United States. Via Middle Island Creek and the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 64.6 square miles (167 km2) in a rural region on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.The Meathouse Fork's entire course and watershed are in southern and central Doddridge County.
 Ramapo Lake is a 120-acre man-made lake located in Ramapo Mountain State Forest. Originally consisting of a 25 acre pond named Rotten Poel (Rats Pond) by the Dutch its size and depth was expanded by Jacob Rogers in the late 19th century when he built a stone dam across its outlet.
 Lake Winnibigoshish is a body of water in north central Minnesota in the Chippewa National Forest. Its name comes from the Ojibwe language Wiinibiigoonzhish a diminutive and pejorative form of Wiinibiig meaning filthy water (i.e. brackish water).
 The Purnach River is a tributary to the Ponoy River on the Kola Peninsula Russia. The Purnach runs to the south of and roughly parallel to the Ponoy. The confluence of the two rivers is about 50 km from where the Ponoy flows into the White Sea.
 The Cinco Voltas River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Krumbek is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Hohnderfeldbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Himayat Sagar (Telugu: హిమాయత్ సాగర్ Urdu: حمايت ساگر‎) is an artificial lake located about 20 km from Hyderabad in Andhra Pradesh India. It lies parallel to another artificial lake Osman Sagar and it is smaller in size among both. The storage capacity of the reservoir is about 3.0 TMC.
 Lake Osborne is located within the C-16 drainage basin which occupies approximately 40031 acres of land. Five drainage canals discharge directly to Lake Osborne and Lake Osborne discharges via the E-4 canal to the C16 and C51 canals to the Lake Worth Lagoon.
 The Quinze de Novembro River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Moravian–Silesian Beskids (Czech: Moravskoslezské Beskydy  Slovak: Moravsko-sliezske Beskydy) is a mountain range in the Czech Republic with a small part reaching to Slovakia. It lies on the historical division between Moravia and Silesia hence the name. It is part of the Western Beskids which is in turn part of the Outer Western Carpathians.
 Bernier Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in the Gulf of Boothia northwest of Baffin Island.
 The Otahu River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally northeast from several streams with watersheds in the Coromandel Range most notably the Wharekirauponga Stream. The Otahu reaches the sea immediately to the south of the town of Whangamata.
 Cerro de Coxóm is a stratovolcano in Totonicapán in western Guatemala. The 3045-metre (9990 ft) high volcano is located at the eastern edge of the valley of Quetzaltenango.
 Longview Lake is a 930-acre (3.8 km2) freshwater reservoir in parts of Kansas City Lee's Summit and Grandview all in Jackson County Missouri. The reservoir is part of U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Little Blue River Project for flood control recreation and fish and wildlife conservation. The lake is located in the 4852-acre (20 km2) Longview Lake Park which is managed by Jackson County Parks and Recreation.
 The Piauí River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Endimari River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Ouray Peak elevation 12957 ft (3949 m) is a summit in the Sawatch Mountains of Colorado. The peak is 6 mi (9.7 km) south of Independence Pass in the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness of San Isabel National Forest.
 Col du Grand Colombier (el. 1501 metres or 4925 feet) is a mountain pass in the Jura mountains in France.This pass lies at the southern extremity of the Jura in the massif of the Grand Colombier. With the Col du Chasseral it is the highest road pass in the Jura. It passes between the Grand Colombier (el.
 Arlberg is a mountain range or massif between Vorarlberg and Tyrol in Austria.The highest peak is the Valluga at 2811 metres (9222 ft). The name Arlberg derives from the tradition of the Arlenburg who are said to have once established themselves on the Tyrolean side of the Arlberg passes (1793 m over sea level). Another story derives the name from the Arlenbushes that are very numerous here. There is no mountain with the name Arlberg proper.
 Elschnitztalbach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Buckingham Mountain (Lenape: Pepacating ) is located in Buckingham Township in Central Bucks County Pennsylvania in the United States. It is the second most elevated land in all of Bucks County at 520 feet.
 Lake Livingston is a reservoir located in the East Texas Piney Woods. Lake Livingston was built and is owned and operated by the Trinity River Authority of Texas (TRA) under contract with the City of Houston for water supply purposes. The lake is one of the largest lakes constructed for water supply purposes located totally within the State of Texas. Only the Sam Rayburn Reservoir is larger.
 Shihu Lake (Chinese: 石湖 literally Stone Lake) is a fresh water lake located in southeast of Suzhou Jiangsu Province. It is closed to Shangfang Mountain (上方山) which is a national forest park of China and it is about 4.5 kilometers away from urban area of Suzhou. The most famous spot of it is Shihu Lake String of moon (石湖串月) in August 17 of Chinese calendar when nine reflections of moon in a line appears on the lake. Shihu Lake was a bay of Taihu Lake in ancient times.
 Spring Creek in Sonoma County California is a 6.0-mile-long (9.7 km) stream that rises in the northern part of the Sonoma Mountains within Annadel State Park draining the western slopes of Taylor Mountain and feeding into Matanzas Creek below the Matanzas Creek Reservoir.The waters of Spring Creek ultimately reach the Pacific Ocean just south of Jenner California by way of Matanzas Creek Santa Rosa Creek the Laguna de Santa Rosa Mark West Creek and the Russian River.
 El Mirage Lake is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California. The lake is located about 9 miles (14 km) west-northwest of the town of Adelanto and 10 mi (16 km) north of Highway 18 in San Bernardino County.The dry lake at an elevation of 2840 ft (870 m) is approximately 6 mi (9.7 km) long. El Mirage Lake is part of the El Mirage Off-Highway Vehicle (OHV) Recreation Area. It is a popular filming location for automobile commercials.
 The Nivelle (widest accepted Basque forms: Ugarana or Urdazuri) is a 41 km long river in the Northern Basque Country (France) flowing largely south-east to north-west with only 7 km of its length being considered navigable. The river results from the union of various streams in Urdazubi (Navarre) going on to cross the Spanish-French border at Dantxarinea after 14 km meandering across Navarrese soil.
 The Beaver River is a 23.4-mile-long (37.7 km) river in Lake County Minnesota. It flows into Lake Superior.
 The Cășăria River is a tributary of the Râiosu River in Romania.
 Mount Jukes is a mountain in the West Coast Range on the West Coast of Tasmania Australia. It was named by Charles Gould in 1862 after Professor Joseph Beete Jukes English geologist who was involved in issues relating to Charles Darwin. Jukes had visited Hobart in 1842-3 on HMS Fly.With multiple peaks and glacial lakes on its upper eastern reaches Mount Jukes was the mountain above the town of Crotty and is west of what is now Lake Burbury.
 Großer Picho is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The South Fork New River is a river in the U.S. state of North Carolina.It stretches from its headwaters at a spring near Blowing Rock and the Eastern Continental Divide and meanders northward along the northwestern face of the Blue Ridge Mountains through the eastern and central portions of Watauga County and then Ashe County in northwestern North Carolina passing through the town of Boone. It joins the North Fork New River in Ashe County to form the New River.
 Lake Harris is a small alpine lake near the Harris Saddle on the Routeburn Track in the South Island of New Zealand.
 East Head Reservoir also known as East Head Pond is a 92-acre (370000 m2) pond in Carver and Plymouth Massachusetts within the Myles Standish State Forest located northeast of the forest headquarters east of Barrett Pond southwest of New Long Pond and College Pond and northwest of Fearing Pond. The reservoir is the headwaters to the Wankinco River.
 The Tahuya River is a stream in the U.S. state of Washington. It originates at Tahuya Lake in western Kitsap Peninsula and flows south emptying into Hood Canal near the Great Bend.
 Großer Auesee is a lake in Kreis Minden-Lübbecke North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 45 m its surface area is 4.5 ha.
 The Kern River is a river in the U.S. state of California approximately 165 miles (270 km) long. It drains an area of the southern Sierra Nevada mountains northeast of Bakersfield. Fed by snowmelt near Mount Whitney the river passes through scenic canyons in the mountains and is a popular destination for whitewater rafting and kayaking.
 The Meratus Mountains is a mountain range in the Indonesian province of South Kalimantan on Borneo island. The mountains run in a north-south arc that divides South Kalimantan province into two almost equal parts. Its highest peak is Mount Besar with 1892 metres.The mountains are inhabited by the semi-nomadic Meratus Dayak people.In the 1990s the Borneo Orangutan Survival Foundation reintroduced 350 orangutans into the protected Meratus and Sungai Wain forests.
 Mol Len is a mountain in Southeast Asia. Rising to 3088 metres (10131 ft) it is located at the mountainous border of Nagaland state of India and the Sagaing Region of Burma. Mol Len is considered to be one the ultra prominent peaks in Southeast Asia.The mountain rises about 20 km to the southeast of Meluri town Nagaland.
 The Bertea River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
 Kruševica (Serbian Cyrillic: Крушевица) is a mountain in southern Serbia near the town of Vlasotince. Its highest peak Vita kruška has an elevation of 913 meters above sea level.
 The Isumi River (夷隅川 Isumigawa) is a river in Chiba Prefecture Japan. It is 68 kilometers (42 mi) in length and has a drainage area of 299 square kilometers (115 sq mi). Under the Rivers Act of 1906 the Isumi is designated as a Class 2 River. Additionally the government has designated the Isumi River a national-level Natural Monument (天然記念物 tennen kinenbutsu).
 Wakulla Springs is located 14 miles (23 km) south of Tallahassee Florida and 5 miles (8.0 km) east of Crawfordville in Wakulla County Florida at the crossroads of State Road 61 and State Road 267. It is protected in the Edward Ball Wakulla Springs State Park.
 The Douro (Portuguese: Douro [ˈdowɾu ˈdoɾu]; Spanish: Duero [ˈdweɾo]; Latin: Durius) is one of the major rivers of the Iberian Peninsula flowing from its source near Duruelo de la Sierra in Soria Province across northern-central Spain and Portugal to its outlet at Porto.
 Rondout Reservoir is part of New York City's water supply network. It is located 75 miles (120 km) northwest of the city in the Catskill Mountains near the southern end of Catskill Park split between the towns of Wawarsing in Ulster County and Neversink in Sullivan County. It is the central collection point for the city's Delaware System which provides half its daily consumption.
 Firdousi is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 98 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2010. Firdousi is named for the Iranian poet Hakim Ferdowsi who lived from 940 to 1020.
 Yegua Creek is a river in Central Texas and is part of the Brazos River drainage basin. (Yegua is the Spanish word for horse.) Yegua Creek forms in Lee County at the confluence of the Middle Yegua Creek and East Yegua Creek about three miles west of Somerville Lake. It is the primary tributary to form Somerville Lake. The Yegua flows east and becomes part of the Burleson County line for about 31 miles and then joins the Brazos River in southeastern Washington County.
 Mädler is a crater on Mars named in honor of the German astronomer Johann Heinrich Mädler. It is located at 2.7°E 10.7°S.Mädler and collaborator Wilhelm Beer produced the first reasonably good maps of Mars in the early 1830s. When doing so they selected a particular feature for the prime meridian of their charts. Their choice was strengthened when Giovanni Schiaparelli used the same location in 1877 for his more famous maps of Mars.
 The Rivière de Puvirnituq (English: Puvirnituq River; formerly the Rivière de Povungnituk) is a river in Kativik Nord-du-Québec Quebec Canada. The river flows 389 kilometres (242 mi) from its source at an unnamed lake to Hudson Bay at the village of Puvirnituq. Its watershed encompasses 28500 square kilometres (11000 sq mi). The name of the river comes from the Inuktitut smells like rotten meat.
 The Călata River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania.
 The Arraias do Araguaia River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Petersköpfl is a 1745 m AA high summit in the Zahmer Kaiser the northern ridge of the Kaisergebirge mountain range in the Austrian state of Tyrol. To the east the Petersköpfl is linked by a ridge to the Einserkogel to the west it is separated from the Naunspitze by a wind gap. To the south it falls steeply into the Kaisertal valley to the north its steep rock faces tower above Ebbs.
 The Bill Williams River is a 46.3-mile-long (74.5 km) river in west-central Arizona where it along with its tributary the Santa Maria River form the boundary between Mohave County to the north and La Paz County to the south. It is a major drainage westwards into the Colorado River of the Lower Colorado River Valley south of Hoover Dam and Lake Mead and the drainage basin covers portions of northwest and west-central Arizona.
 Rambler Peak is a mountain located on Vancouver Island British Columbia. The mountain is 23 km (14 mi) east of Gold River and 4 km (2 mi) southeast of Mount Colonel FosterThis mountain is a hydrographic divide located at the headwaters of the Elk River. The Wolf Elk Ucoma Rivers and Cervus Creek all start at Rambler Peak.
 Hedin is a lunar crater of the dimension traditionally termed a walled plain. It lies due south of the crater pair Olbers and Glushko and northwest of the similarly dimensioned walled plain Riccioli. To the east is another walled plain Hevelius.This crater has a deteriorated outer rim that has been worn down and reshaped through impact erosion.
 Mendum's Pond is a 253-acre (1.02 km2) water body located primarily in Strafford County in eastern New Hampshire United States in the town of Barrington. Its extreme southern end dips into the town of Nottingham in Rockingham County.
 The Großer Moosstock is a mountain in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Bradu River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
 Taum Sauk Mountain /ˈtɔːm ˈsɔːk/[citation needed] in the Saint Francois Mountains is the highest natural point in the U.S. state of Missouri at 1772 feet (540 m).The topography of Taum Sauk is that of a somewhat flat ridge rather than a peak.While not as impressive at 1772 feet (540 m) as other peaks Taum Sauk and the St. Francois range are true mountains being the result of a volcanic orogeny.
 The Piribebuy River is a river of Paraguay.
 Sjongshøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Jay Mountain is the 79th highest peak of the Adirondack Mountains. It is located in Essex County New York in the Jay Mountain Wilderness Area within the towns of Jay and Lewis.
 The Voëlvlei River is a river in the Western Cape Province of South Africa. Dams Voëlvlei Dam
 Riemann (pronounced REE mahn) is a lunar crater that is located near the northeastern limb of the Moon and can just be observed edge-on when libration effects bring it into sight. It lies to the east-northeast of the large walled plain Gauss. To the southeast beyond sight on the far side is the crater Vestine.This is a heavily battered and eroded formation that is only a remnant of its former self.
 Mount Kaye is a mountain in the Coopracambra National Park north of the township of Cann River in East Gippsland in Victoria Australia.
 The Johannisberg formerly also called the Keeserkopf and Herzoghut is a 3453 metre high mountain in the Glockner Group in the central section of the main Tauern crest a mountain range in the Austrian Central Alps. The mountain lies right on the border between the Austrian states of Salzburg and Carinthia.
 The Valea Popii River is a tributary of the Ghimbav River in Romania.
 Lake Smart is a round natural freshwater lake with a semicircular cove on its northwest side on the northeast side of Winter Haven Florida. Lake Smart has a water area of 277-acre (1120000 m2). This lake is mostly surrounded by woods and citrus groves. On its north and west sides it is bordered by residential developments. On the northwest Florida Sate Route 544 runs along Lake Smart's cove.This lake has no public swimming areas or public boat ramps.
 The Kakahu River is a river of south Canterbury New Zealand. It flows east and then southeast from its source 15 kilometres east of Fairlie joining with the Hae Hae Te Moana River before flowing into the Waihi River close to the town of Temuka.
 Mount Bukō (武甲山 Bukō-san) is a mountain in Chichibu Saitama Japan.
 Lago del Sambuco is a reservoir above Fusio in the municipality of Lavizzara Ticino Switzerland. Its surface area is 1.11 km². The dam of Sambuco on the Maggia River was completed in 1956. Its maximum height is 130 m and length 363 m.16x Media related to Lago del Sambuco at Wikimedia Commons
 The McCloud River is a river that flows east of and parallel to the Sacramento River 77.1 miles (124.1 km) long in northern California in the United States. It drains a scenic mountainous area of the Cascade Range north of Redding and is a tributary of the Sacramento River.
 Oberer Hauenstein Pass (el. 731 m.) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains on the border between the cantons of Basel-Country and Solothurn in Switzerland.It connects Balsthal and Waldenburg.
 The Tocila Mare River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mic in Romania.
 The Helme is river in central Germany that is about 65 kilometres (40 mi) long and which forms a left-hand western tributary of the Unstrut in the states of Thuringia and Saxony-Anhalt.
 Lodgepole Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 683.Lodgepole Lake is northeast of Merriam Peak and located in the lower section of the Boulder Chain Lakes Basin.
 Boots Creek is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Northern Manitoba Canada. It is a right tributary of the Nelson River.
 The Tarvez River is a tributary of the Bicăjel River in Romania.
 The Râul Schitului is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 Unnamed volcano (Ibugos) is a submarine volcano near the island Ibugos in the Philippines.
 The Şeulia River ( Hungarian: Sály Sály-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Piz Blas is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the cantons of Graubünden and Ticino. At 3019 metres above sea level Piz Blas is the highest mountain of Val Cadlimo (Ticino) a valley drained by the Reno da Medel a tributary of the Rhine. On its northern side (Graubünden) it overlooks the valleys of Lake Curnera and Lake Nalps both drained by tributaries of the Rhine.
 The Cisnes River (Spanish for swan) is a river located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of the Chilean Patagonia. It runs in east-west direction from the mountains near the border to Argentina and empties into the Pacific Ocean near the town of Puerto Cisnes at Puyuhuapi Channel. Its characteristic turquoise-blue color is due to the glacial sediments deposited in it. Moro River and Pinchado River are some of the major tributaries of the river.
 Afon Wyre (meaning 'River Wyre' in English) is a river running through the county of Ceredigion Wales.The river runs east from its source before turning north travelling through Lledrod. Later the river turns westwards for the bulk of its course passing through Llangwyryfon and Llanrhystud before emptying into Cardigan Bay.
 Blea Rigg is a fell in the English Lake District lying between the valleys of Easedale and Great Langdale. One of the Central Fells it is a broad plateau with a succession of rocky tops. Many routes of ascent are possible beginning either from Grasmere or Great Langdale though the paths are often poorly marked and hard to follow.
 The Bourețu River is a tributary of the Valea Rea River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Pietrei ( Hungarian: Kőpatak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. Its name means Stone Creek in both languages.
 The Scărița River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Liberty Cap is a granite dome in Yosemite National Park California USA which lies at the extreme northwestern margin of Little Yosemite Valley. It lies adjacent to the north of Nevada Fall on the John Muir Trail. It rises 1700 feet (520 m) feet from the base of Nevada Fall to a peak elevation of 7080 ft (2158 m). A smaller mesa-like dome called Mount Broderick stands immediately adjacent to Liberty Cap.
 Second Chain Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Malatraix is a mountain and ridge of the Swiss Prealps overlooking Lake Geneva in the canton of Vaud. The summit is 1931 metre-high while the rocky part of the southwestern ridge culminates at 1768 metres. The Malatraix is part of the range between the Rochers de Naye and the Tour d'Aï which culminates at the Pointe d'Aveneyre (2026 m). It belongs to the municipality of Villeneuve.
 The Eastern Hohonu River is a river of New Zealand. It rises in the Hohonu Range an outlying range of the Southern Alps 28 kilometres southeast of Greymouth flowing north then east before reaching its outflow into Lake Brunner. It is named the Eastern Hohonu River to differentiate it from the nearby Big Hohonu River which is also called the Greenstone River.
 Davey Lake is a lake of Saskatchewan Canada.
 Stensån is a river in Sweden.
 The Pârâul lui Ciocârlan River is a tributary of the Domesnic River in Romania.
 Leine (Helme) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Muldrow Glacier also known as McKinley Glacier is a large glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier originates from the Great Icefall of Harper Glacier on the east side of Mount McKinley. The glacier moves generally eastwards receiving Traleika Glacier and Brooks Glacier as tributaries then turning north to emerge from the Alaska Range as the source of the McKinley River.. Muldrow Glacier was named by Alfred Hulse Brooks in 1902 in honor of U.S.
 The Irish Hills are a low seasonally verdant mountain range in the Transverse Ranges in San Luis Obispo County California.They are located between the town of San Luis Obispo and the Pacific Ocean.
 Hohenkrähen is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Flossach is a 20.5 km (12.7 mi) long river in Bavaria Germany. It is a right tributary of the Mindel and an indirect right tributary of the Danube.
 Tenasserim Hills or Tenasserim Range (Burmese: တနင်္သာရီ တောင်တန်း [tənɪ̀ɴθàjì tàʊɴdáɴ]; Thai: ทิวเขาตะนาวศรี Thiokhao Tanaosi [tʰiw kʰǎw ta.naːw sǐː]; Malay: Banjaran Tenasserim) is the geographical name of a roughly 1700 km long mountain chain part of the Indo-Malayan mountain system in Southeast Asia.Despite their relatively scant altitude these mountains form an effective barrier between Thailand and Burma in their northern and central region.
 Jabal Atherb is a mountain in Bareq Saudi Arabia. The mountain consist primarily of sedimentary rock of Jurassic Cretaceous and Tertiary origin.'
 Roth is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Braeburn Range is a mountain range in the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It lies to the west of Lake Rotoroa and much of the eastern flank of the range is within the Nelson Lakes National Park. The range runs south-southeast with a westwards curve at the northern end and several westward-trending spurs.The northernmost and highest peak of the range is the 1469 metres (4820 ft) Mount Murchison overlooking the Buller River.
 Herthasee is a lake on the island Rügen Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At a length of 170 m and a width of 140 m it covers a surface area of 0.202 km². It has a maximum depth of 11 m.It is located in the center of the Jasmund National Park and its famous chalk cliffs.At its embankment the lake features a Slavic hill fort called Herthaburg with a height of 17 m.
 The Petru Vodă River is a tributary of the Pluton-Dolhești River in Romania.
 The River Severn (Welsh: Afon Hafren Latin: Sabrina) is the longest river in the United Kingdom at about 354 kilometres (220 mi) and the second longest in the British Isles behind the River Shannon. It rises at an altitude of 610 metres (2001 ft) on Plynlimon Ceredigion near Llanidloes Powys in the Cambrian Mountains of mid Wales. It then flows through Shropshire Worcestershire and Gloucestershire with the county towns of Shrewsbury Worcester and Gloucester on its banks.
 Arkle is a mountain in Sutherland situated in the far north-west corner of the Scottish Highlands. Like its sister Foinaven the mountain is made up of glistening white Cambrian quartzite laid down around 530 million years ago on an uneven basement of much older Lewisian gneiss.
 The Kızılırmak (Turkish for Red River) also known as the Halys River (Ancient Greek: Ἅλυς) is the longest river in Turkey among the rivers which originates and ends in Turkey (both origin and mouth being in Turkey). It is a source of hydroelectric power and is not used for navigation.
 Lobach (Eschbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lerchenberg (Schwarzwald) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Miles Lake is a 3.5 miles (5.6 km) long lake in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located at the terminus of Miles Glacier 33 miles (53 km) North of Katalla Chugach Mountains and flows into the Copper River (Alaska).
 The Großer Steinberg is a 493 m above sea level high hill in the south of the Solling range. It lies within the district of Northeim in the southwestern part of the German state of Lower Saxony.
 The Borchizu River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
 The Gălăoaia Mare River is a headwater of the Gălăoaia River in Romania
 The Bâsca fără Cale River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
 Pioneer Mountain at 10525 feet (3208 m) high is a peak in the Pioneer Mountains on the border of Blaine and Custer counties in Idaho. The peak is also located on the border of Sawtooth and Salmon-Challis National Forests. The isolation of Pioneer Mountain is 1.47 miles (2.37 km). The southern and western slopes of the peak are drained by tributaries of Muldoon Creek which as a tributary of the Little Wood River.
 The Chitici River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
 The Crni Timok (Serbian: Црни Тимок; Black Timok) also known as Crna reka (Cyrillic: Црна река; black river) or the Krivovirski Timok River (Cyrillic: Кривовирски Тимок; Timok of Krivi Vir) is a headwater of the Timok River. It originates from the northern side of the Veliki Maljenik mountain in the Kučaj area of eastern Serbia.
 The Valea Făgetului River is a tributary of the Inzel River in Romania.
 Crater Isabella is the second largest impact crater on Venus. The feature is named in honor of the 15th Century queen of Spain Isabella I of Castile. Located at 30 degrees south latitude 204 degrees east longitude the crater has two extensive flow-like structures extending to the south and to the southeast. The end of the southern flow partially surrounds a pre-existing 40-kilometer (25 mi) circular volcanic shield.
 The Red Cones are a pair of cinder cones near Devils Postpile National Monument in eastern Madera County of central California. They are within the eastern Sierra Nevada and Inyo National Forest.
 Elk Creek is an 18-mile (29 km) tributary of the Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Beginning at 4931 feet (1503 m) above sea level in the Cascade Range it flows generally southwest through the Rogue River – Siskiyou National Forest to Rogue Elk Park in Jackson County. Elk Creek enters the river 5 miles (8.0 km) downstream from Lost Creek Lake and slightly upstream of Trail.
 Stony Clove Notch is a narrow pass roughly 2220 feet (677 m) in elevation located in the Town of Hunter in Greene County New York deep in the Catskill Mountains. It is traversed by New York State Route 214 although in the past the Ulster and Delaware Railroad went through it as well.The notch divides Hunter and Plateau mountains.
 The Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta is an isolated mountain range separated from the Andes chain that runs through Colombia. Reaching an altitude of 5700 m (18700 ft) just 42 km (26 mi) from the Caribbean coast the Sierra Nevada is the world's highest coastal range. The Sierra Nevada encompasses about 17000 km2 (6600 sq mi) and serves as the source of 36 rivers.
 Jansha is an impact crater on the southern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Jansha was first observed in Cassini images during that mission's March 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 30.4° South Latitude 156.9° West Longitude and is 9.8 kilometers across.
 Bridgeport Reservoir is a lake at the lower end of Bridgeport Valley in Mono County California. Its earth-filled dam was constructed in 1923 by the Walker River Irrigation District along the East Walker River.
 The Hochstuckli (1566 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking Mostelberg in the canton of Schwyz.In winter the mountain is part of a ski area. A ski-lift climbs to a height of 1486 metres.
 The Adcock River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Philips Range near Qodesh then flow in a south-easterly direction parallel with the King Leopold Range and past Mount House Mount Clifton and Mount Hamilton before merging with the Fitzroy River near Fitzroy Bluff.The Adcock has three tributaries; Throssel River Annie Creek and Walsh Creek.The first European to discover the river was Frank Hann in 1898 who named the river after Charles and William Adcock of Derby: Hann explained Messrs Adcock Bros of Derby were very kind to me and provided exceedingly reasonable in the important matter of a supply of rations.The traditional owners of the areas around the river are the Nyikina peoples.Fish such as Greenway's grunter the Flathead Goby and the False spotted gudgeon have been found within the river system.
 The Little Wenatchee River is the southern and smaller of the two rivers that flow into the west end of Lake Wenatchee. The northern and larger one is the White River. A large number of place names in the Little Wenatchee River basin including the river's name itself were given by Albert H. Sylvester.The Little Wenatchee River begins at Dishpan Gap a pass between the headwaters of the Little Wenatchee River and North Fork Skykomish River.
 The Huancabamba River has its origin in the confluence of the rivers Huaylamayo and Chontabamba in Peru. The upper course is formed by the basins of these rivers. The middle course is between Huancabamba and the Pozuzo and its lower course between Pozuzo and the confluence with the river Palcazú. The river Huancabamba - Pozuzo has a general south - north orientation. The river basin is between the mountain range of Yanachaga to the East and the line departmental limit Huánuco - Pasco.
 Château d'Oche (2197 m) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps in Haute-Savoie France.
 The Drwęca [ˈdrvɛnt͡sa] (German: Drewenz Lithuanian: Druvinčia) is a river in northern Poland and a tributary of the Vistula river near Toruń forming a part of the city's administrative boundary. It has a length of 207 km (17th longest) and a basin area of 5344 km² all in Poland.Towns:Nowe Miasto LubawskieBrodnicaGolub-DobrzyńToruń
 Col de la Bonette (el. 2715 metres (8907 ft)) is a high mountain pass in the French Alps near the border with Italy. It is situated within the Mercantour National Park on the border of the departments of Alpes-Maritimes and Alpes-de-Haute-Provence. The road over the col is the seventh highest paved road in the Alps.
 Belmont Reservoir is a reservoir north of the small moorland village of Belmont Lancashire England fed by the Belmont Brook. It was built in 1826 by the Bolton Waterworks to supply water to the rapidly expanding town of Bolton. Belmont was once a thriving industrial centre for stone quarrying and printing. The reservoir is the home of the Bolton Sailing Club. The reservoir is important to wintering wildfowl.
 Lanzer See is a lake in Kreis Herzogtum Lauenburg Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 855 m its surface area is 19.5 ha.
 The Cărbunaru River is a headwater of the Câmpul Ascuns River in Romania.
 The North Fork Coquille River is a tributary of the Coquille River in the southern Oregon Coast Range in the U.S. State of Oregon. About 53 miles (85 km) long it starts as the confluence of several gulches on the east slope of Coos Mountain. The river first flows north but then turns west and south. Flowing through primarily agricultural land it then intersects Laverne and Rock Prairie County Parks and receives Middle Creek from the left.
 Padamo River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin. Orinoco River Spanish Río Orinoco major river of South America that flows in a giant arc for some 1700 miles (2740 km) from its source in the Guiana Highlands to its mouth on the Atlantic Ocean. Throughout most of its course it flows through Venezuela except for a section that forms part of the frontier between Venezuela and Colombia.
 The Gomti Gumti or Gomati River (Hindi: गोमती Gomtī) is a tributary of the Ganges River. According to Hindu mythology the river is the daughter of Sage Vashist and bathing in the waters of the Gomati on Ekadashi (the eleventh day of the Sanatana Dharma-Hindu calendar) can wash away one's sins. According to the major religious work Srimad Bhagavatam the Gomati is one of the many transcendental rivers in India.
 The Moelwynion (a Welsh plural sometimes anglicised to Moelwyns) are a group of mountains in central Snowdonia. They extend from the north-east of Porthmadog to Moel Siabod the highest of the group. The name derives from the names of the two largest mountains in the group Moelwyn Mawr (great white hill) and Moelwyn Bach (little white hill).
 The Tainița River is a tributary of the Bâsca Roziliei River in Romania.
 Fresno Dome is a dominant granite dome rising in isolation above the forest of Soquel Meadow in the Sierra National Forest in Madera County California.The dome as known to the Mono Indians as the greeting place (wah-me-yelo).
 The River Wye in Buckinghamshire is a river in England that rises in the Chiltern Hills of Buckinghamshire. It flows for around 9 miles (14 km) through High Wycombe on its way down to Bourne End where it meets the River Thames on the reach above Cookham Lock.High Wycombe takes part of its name from the river which now runs mostly underground through the town. Pann Mill watermill at the eastern end of Wycombe is the last remaining watermill on the River Wye.
 The McLennan River is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The river was named after an engineer on one of the Canadian Pacific Railway surveys in the 1870s.
 The Annotto River is a river of Jamaica.
 Buena Vista Lagoon is a coastal inlet of the Pacific Ocean in the South Coast region of Southern California within North County San Diego County. The lagoon covers 223 acres of wetland habitat and serves as a geographic border between Carlsbad and Oceanside. Buena Vista Lagoon is managed by the California Department of Fish and Game.
 The Whangamomona River is a river of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southeast from its sources near Whangamomona before turning east to reach the Whanganui River.
 The Bemm River is a perennial river located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Paratari River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Porter Mountain is in Essex County of New York. It is one of the 46 Adirondack High Peaks and is located in the Adirondack Park. Its name comes from Noah Porter later president of Yale University and one of the first to climb it.Somewhat overshadowed by its higher and more popular neighbor Cascade Mountain with which it is often climbed Porter is nevertheless rewarding.
 The Pointe de la Plaine Morte (2927 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It overlooks the large and flat glacier named Plaine Morte from the south-west side.The Pointe de la Plaine Morte is part of the Crans-Montana ski area and can be easily accessed by a cable car via Les Violettes. The upper terminus is located east of the summit at a height of 2882 metres.
 Square Lake is a tarn located in a cirque north of Mount Linn in the northern California Coast Ranges in Tehama County California.Square Lake lies at an elevation of about 7021 feet (2140 m). Like its name states the lake has straight shorelines that make the shape of the lake resemble a square.
 Lake Conine is a natural freshwater lake on the north side of Winter Haven Florida. The lake is not within the city limits but is almost entirely surrounded by the city of Winter Haven. Lake Conine is almost as often called Lake Connie as it is called Lake Conine. In fact the Fishing Works website site has two listings calling this lake the former name and one calling it the latter. Lake Conine is bounded on the north and southwest by residential areas. On the west and southeast are woods.
 Coyote Dry Lake is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California 15 mi (24 km) northeast of Barstow. The lake is approximately 10 km (6.2 mi) by 6 km (3.7 mi) at its widest point.Coyote Dry Lake lies to the south of Fort Irwin Military Reservation and southwest of the Tiefort Mountains. St Antony's Monastery is located about 4 mi (6.4 km) to the southeast.Numerous meteorites have been found on the lake bed.
 Giebel (Berg) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Weigel is a small lunar crater that is located in the southwestern part of the Moon. It lies to the west-southwest of the slightly larger crater Rost and due south of the elongated Schiller. To the west is Segner.The rim of this crater is slightly eroded with a small crater across the northern edge and the satellite crater Weigel A and another smaller craterlet intruding slightly into the eastern face.
 Guachiría River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Gerecse is a mountain range in north-western Hungary in the Central Transdanubian region between the ranges Vértes and Pilis and part of the Komárom-Esztergom County. A low limestone mountain situated between the town of Tatabánya and the Danube River. The Gerecse Mountains are part of the Transdanubian Mountains. Gerecse occupies an area of 850 km2 (20300 ha). The highest point is Nagy-Gerecse at 634 m.
 Suisei Planitia is a large basin on Mercury. Ghost craters are unusual forms that occur in the Suisei Planitia. They are buried and rounded in profile with only their rim crests rising above the surrounding smooth plains. It has been suggested that the smooth plains that Suisei Planitia is part of (Caloris Planitia) might be ejecta from Caloris that were melted by the impact. The name for this Planitia was approved in 1976.
 Dornbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Namdaebong is a mountain between the city of Wonju and the county of Hoengseong in Gangwon-do South Korea. It has an elevation of 1187 m (3894 ft).
 The Azul River (Ivaí River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Grace Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Grace Lake is 1.15 miles (1.85 km) northeast of Logging Lake. Mount Geduhn is located to the east of Grace Lake.
 Tête du Rouget is a mountain in the French Alps located in the Massif des Écrins. The mountain has a summit elevation of 3418 m (11214 ft).
 Thunderhead Mountain is a mountain in the west-central part of the Great Smoky Mountains located in the Southeastern United States. Rising along the border between Tennessee and North Carolina the mountain dominates the Western Smokies. The Appalachian Trail crosses its summit making it a popular hiking destination.
 Volkhov (Russian: Во́лхов) is a river in Novgorodsky and Chudovsky Districts of Novgorod Oblast and Kirishsky and Volkhovsky Districts of Leningrad Oblast in northwestern Russia. It connects Lake Ilmen and Lake Ladoga and belongs to the basin of the Neva River. The length of the river is 224 kilometres (139 mi) and the area of its drainage basin is 80200 square kilometres (31000 sq mi).
 The Wysshorn is a mountain in the Bernese Alps.
 Erro is a lunar crater that lies beyond the eastern limb of the Moon on the far side as seen from the Earth. It lies along the eastern fringes of the uneven plain that joins Mare Marginis to the northwest with Mare Smythii to the west-southwest. This part of the surface is sometimes brought into sight of observers on the Earth due to libration.
 Hidden Glacier is located in the US state of Montana. The glacier is situated in the Beartooth Mountains at an elevation of 10500 feet (3200 m) nestled within a cirque between Mount Villard to the east and Glacier Peak to the west. The glacier covers approximately 10 acres (0.040 km2).
 Weiße Traun is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Șeradia River is a tributary of the Fiad River in Romania.
 The Verdele River is a tributary of the Bălosu River in Romania.
 Unkervatnet (Southern Sami: Åanghkejaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county Norway. It is a good lake for fishing lake trout and Arctic char both during summer and winter. The river flowing into the lake from the east is called Skarmodalselva and the outflowing river is called Unkerelva (which itself flows into the river Vefsna).
 Piz Saluver (3161 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps located west of Celerina in the canton of Graubünden. It lies between the Val Bever and the Val Saluver both part of the Engadin.
 The Rocky River is a stream in Alaska that flows into the Rocky Bay on the Kenai Peninsula at 59°16′48″N 151°24′22″W just west of Kachemak Bay State Wilderness Park. It rises from the western slopes of the Kenai Mountains at 59°21′09″N 151°18′34″W.
 Mount Kamui (神威岳 kamuidake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Mount Mestas elevation 11574 ft (3528 m) is a summit in the Sangre de Cristo Range of southern Colorado. The mountain located west of Walsenburg in Huerfano County was known as La Veta Peak until 1949 when it was renamed in honor of PFC Felix B. Mestas Jr. who was killed in action during the Second World War.
 The Pătrăuțeanca River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 The White Carpathians (Czech: Bílé Karpaty; Slovak: Biele Karpaty; German: Weiße Karpaten; Hungarian: Fehér-Kárpátok) is the westernmost mountain range of the Carpathian Mountains. They are part of the Slovak-Moravian Carpathians stretching from the Váh river and the Little Carpathians in the south along the border between the Czech Republic and Slovakia to the Morava and the Javorníky range in the north. It is named after its white dolomite cliffs.
 Yellow Marsh Lake is a lake of Chester Municipal District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The La Raya mountain range (Spanish la raya the crease line streak mark stria dash score scratch devilfish) is situated in the Andes of Peru. It extends between 15°10' and 15°26'S and 70°36' and 71°14'W for about 60 km.
 The Urbasa Range (Urbasa mendilerroa in Basque and Sierra de Urbasa in Spanish) is a mountain range of western Navarre Spain part of the Basque Mountains. Its highest point is the 1183 metres high Baiza. Urbasa is a karstic range where numerous nummulites fossils have been found.Together with the neighboring Andia range Urbasa is part of the Urbasa-Andia Natural Park.
 Weiß (Sieg) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Unieść (Kashubian: Ùniesc German: Nestbach) is a river in West Pomeranian Voivodeship of Poland. It is located west of Sianów in the historic Farther Pomerania region on the Baltic coast. The river empties into the Jamno lake.
 Lake Bustakh (Russian: Бустах) is a large freshwater lake in Sakha Russia. It has an area of 249 km² and lies close to the Laptev Sea. It freezes up in late September and stays icebound until June. Lake Bustakh is rich in fish.
 Joppenbergh Mountain is a nearly 500-foot (152 m) mountain in Rosendale Village a hamlet in the town of Rosendale in Ulster County New York. The mountain is composed of a carbonate bedrock overlain by glacially deposited material. It was named after Rosendale's founder Jacob Rutsen and mined throughout the late 19th century for dolostone that was used in the manufacture of natural cement.
 Lake Itasca is a small glacial lake approximately 1.8 square miles (4.7 km2) in area in the Headwaters area of north central Minnesota. The lake is located in southeastern Clearwater County within Itasca State Park and it has an average depth of 20–35 feet (6–11 m) and is 1475 ft (450 m) above sea level.
 Mount Darwin is a mountain in the West Coast Range Tasmania Australia named after Charles Darwin.
 Sudden Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch. It originates in to the north of Royton Oldham and flows Northwards through Kirkholt and Sandbrook Park to join the River Roch at Sudden.
 Maturango Peak is the highest mountain in the Argus Range. It is located in Inyo County California and reaches an elevation of 8843 feet (2695 m). The area is under the control of the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake and access is restricted.
 The Latemar is a mountain in the Dolomites on the border between South Tyrol and Trentino Italy.
 The Valea Boaru River is a tributary of the Valea Poienii River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Valea Neagră and Udroaia
 Lake Norconian is an artificial lake in Norco Riverside County California.Lake Norconian was created in the early 1920s as part of the Norconian Resort. This 60 acre lake was equipped with a boat house and beautiful Pavilion. It was the site where a few 1930's movies were filmed. Acquired with the resort by the U. S. Navy in 1941 the lake is now part of the Naval Surface Warfare Assessment Center.
 The Dive is a 75 km long river in France right tributary of the Thouet. Its source is in the commune Maisonneuve. Its course crosses the departments of Vienne Deux-Sèvres and Maine-et-Loire. It flows northwards through the towns of Moncontour and Brézé finally flowing into the Thouet in Saint-Just-sur-Dive.
 The Moscow Canal (Russian: Кана́л и́мени Москвы́) named the Moscow-Volga Canal until the year 1947 is a canal that connects the Moskva River with the Volga River. It is located in Moscow itself and in the Moscow Oblast. The canal connects to the Moskva River 191 kilometers from its estuary in Tushino (an area in the north-west of Moscow) and to the Volga River in the town of Dubna just upstream of the dam of the Ivankovo Reservoir.
 Sloan Creek is the largest tributary of the North Fork Sauk River entering the river about 2.1 miles (3.4 km) above the mouth of Lost Creek. Its only major tributary is Cadet Creek which enters the creek about 1.8 miles (2.9 km) above its mouth. According to Fred Beckey Cadet Creek is larger than Sloan Creek and could be equally considered the head of the Sauk River as the North Fork itself.
 Kürtener Sülz is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Salzkammergut Mountains (German: Salzkammergut-Berge) are a mountain range of the Northern Limestone Alps located in the Austrian states of Salzburg and Upper Austria. They are named after the Salzkammergut historic region part of the Hallstatt-Dachstein / Salzkammergut Cultural Landscape UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 The Baumberge are the highest hills in the natural regions of Münsterland and Kernmünsterland with a maximum height of 187.6 m above sea level. They are located between Münster and Coesfeld which is itself close to the southwest edge of the Baumberge. The hilly terrain has several geological hydrographic and architectural features.
 Bitch Creek is a stream in southeastern Idaho and western Wyoming in the United States. The creek begins at the merger of two forks North Bitch Creek and South Bitch Creek in western Wyoming. Before crossing into Idaho it is joined by Crater Creek and Jackpine Creek. It serves as the border between Fremont County and Teton County once entering Idaho. It empties into the Teton River northwest of Driggs.
 Poisar River is a river in Mumbai India. It begins in the Sanjay Gandhi National Park and empties into the Marve Creek and finally into the Arabian Sea. The river is nothing more than a mere stream when it begins and is contaminated with industrial effluents and sewage.
 The Rudăria River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 For the creek in Ontario see Tonawanda Creek (Ontario) Tonawanda Creek is a small river in Western New York in the United States. William Bright says the best that can be said of the name is that it is probably from an Iroquoian source but of unclear derivation.
 The Ruda River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Gyachung Kang (Nepali: ग्याचुङ्काङ Gyāchung Kāng; Chinese: 格重康峰; pinyin: Gézhòngkāng Fēng) is a mountain in the Mahalangur Himal section of the Himalaya and is the highest peak between Cho Oyu (8201 m) and Mount Everest (8848 m). It lies on the border between Nepal and China.
 Sugarloaf Hill (Irish: Cnoc na Binne) is a mountain peak located in the Knockmealdown Mountains on the border between South Tipperary and County Waterford.
 Dente di Coca is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Monte Altissimo is a mountain in the Bergamo Prealps with a height of 1703 metres (5587 ft).It is located between the lower Val Camonica the lower Val di Scalve. The Borno plateau divides it from the higher Pizzo Camino. Nearby is the Oglio River.
 Nørdre Kalvehølotinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway. It is the 165th tallest peak in Norway.
 The Wörthersee (Slovene: Vrbsko jezero) is an alpine lake in the southern Austrian state of Carinthia.
 Cordillera Apolobamba (Cordillera de Apolobamba) is a mountain range in the South American Andes.
 The Sheep River is located in southwestern Alberta Canada and is part of the Bow River watershed. The river begins in the mountain valleys of Elbow-Sheep Wildland Provincial Park passes through Sheep River Provincial Park and joins with the Highwood River about 8 km east of Okotoks. The Sheep provides drinking water for the towns of Turner Valley Black Diamond and Okotoks.
 The Anaș River is a headwater of the Tecșe River in Romania.
 McDonald Lake is a small alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Valley in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 15 miles (24 km) south of Stanley and 34 miles (55 km) northwest of Ketchum. The lake is very shallow and about half of it is a shallow wetland due to sedimentation. McDonald Lake can be accessed from State Highway 75 via Sawtooth National Forest road 205 and 096.
 The Atuá River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Weißer Schöps is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Schwarzsee (German; French: Lac Noir or rare Lac Domène; literally Black Lake) is a small lake in the Canton of Fribourg Switzerland with an area of 0.47 km². The lake in the Swiss Prealps is bordered by the peaks of Schwyberg (1628 m) in the West Les Reccardets (1923 m) and Spitzfluh (1951 m) in the South as well as Kaiseregg (2185 m).
 The Cordillera Occidental range is one of two main mountain ranges in the Andes in Ecuador the other being the Cordillera Central. It spans the whole country from north to south. The highest peak of the Cordillera Occidental is Chimborazo (6267 m).
 The Agger is a river in Germany a right tributary of the Sieg in North Rhine-Westphalia. It is 64 km long. Its source is in the Sauerland hills near Meinerzhagen. It winds through the towns Engelskirchen Overath and Lohmar. Near Siegburg the Agger flows into the Sieg.
 Furnace Mountain is the tallest peak of Catoctin Mountain in Loudoun County Virginia. It rises steeply from the southern banks of the Potomac River across from Point of Rocks Maryland and continues southward for 1 mile (1.6 km) reaching an elevation of 891 feet (272 m) before falling to a gap between it and an unnamed peak of 800 feet (240 m). Its name arises from the iron furnaces located at its base which operated from the 1790s to the 1870s.
 The Umatac River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Shamrock Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Located off northwestern Bathurst Island the bay is on the south side of Sir William Parker Strait. Other bays in the area include Purcell Bay and Dampier Bay.
 Sozh (Belarusian: Сож [sɔʐ]; Russian: Сож Ukrainian: Сож Polish: Soż) is an international river flowing in Belarus Russia and Ukraine. It is a left bank tributary of the Dnieper River. Sozh passes through Gomel the second largest city in Belarus.The river is crossed by the Sozh Floating Bridge at Korma and an elegant steel arch at Gomel which is featured on a national stamp of 300 ruble value.
 Drevvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. The village of Drevvassbygda lies at the northeastern end of the lake in the Drevjedalen valley. The Nordlandsbanen railway line follows the southern coast of the lake.
 Monte Cinto (Colli Euganei) is a hill of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 282 metres.
 Split Mountain is a fourteener in the Sierra Nevada of California near the southeast end of the Palisades group of peaks. Its North Palisade the tallest peak in the group and rises to 14064 ft (4287 m) and is the eighth highest peak in the state.
 Pease is a lunar impact crater that lies in the north-northwestern edge of the huge skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin. It lies just over one crater diameter to the east of the smaller crater Butlerov. To the east-northeast of Pease is the somewhat larger Nobel.This is a roughly circular bowl-shaped formation with an outer rim that is only moderately eroded. No significant craters lie across the rim edge or the interior.
 Rio Pequeno (Portuguese for little river) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Mount Septimus is the western summit of a jagged mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 50 km (31 mi) southeast of Gold River and 10 km (6 mi) south of Buttle Lake. It contains a huge glacier on the north flank. The highest peak on the massif is Mount Rosseau located 600 m (1969 ft) to the west.
 The Loa River (Spanish: Río Loa) is a U-shaped river in Chile's northern Antofagasta Region. At 440 km long it is the country's longest river and the main watercourse in the Atacama Desert.
 The Bogonos River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 Paddys River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Southern Highlands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Bach an dem Seegrund is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Namu Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located south of Namu Lake east of Fitz Hugh Sound. It has an area of 197 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 Poca Roca Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It is below Middle Hill.
 Yilong Lake (Chinese: 异龙湖; pinyin: Yì Lóng Hú) is a large freshwater lake located in Shiping County Honghe Prefecture Yunnan province southwestern China. The lake has a surface area of approximately 32 square kilometres (12 sq mi) and is particularly notable for its scenery including the colorful lotus flowers that bloom on its surface. It is located about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) east of the county seat. The people who live in the vicinity of the lake are largely of the Yi ethnic group.
 The Căboaia River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Santo Lake is a lake in the Province of Modena Emilia-Romagna Italy. At an elevation of 1501 m its surface area is 0.058 km².
 Located on the isolated west coast of Espiritu Santo Mount Tabwemasana is not only the highest peak in Vanuatu but also one of the highest mountains in the Pacific. At 1879 metres (6165 ft) Tabwemasana towers above the surrounding mountains and provides fantastic views toward the Coral Sea in East.
 Borda is a lunar crater that lies between Santbech to the north-northwest and Reichenbach slightly further away to the south-southeast. It has a low rim that is broken along the southeast by a smaller crater. The rim is intruded into by another small crater along the southwest side and there is an irregular cleft along the northwest face. There is a central peak at the midpoint of the floor.
 The Jing Ting Mountain (Chinese: 敬亭山) in old name of Zhao Ting Mountain (Chinese: 昭亭山) is located in the northern suburbs of Xuancheng City Anhui province China.
 Kinikinik Lake is located in central Alberta Canada north of the provincial capital Edmonton. It is approximately 614 meters above sea level.The name of this lake is a palindrome.
 Tagish Lake is a lake in Yukon and northern British Columbia Canada. The lake is more than 100 km (62 mi) long and about 2 km wide.It has two arms the Taku Arm in the east which is very long and mostly in British Columbia and Windy Arm in the west mostly in Yukon. The Klondike Highway runs along Windy Arm south of Carcross. Bennett Lake flows into Tagish Lake so the northern portion of Tagish Lake was part of the route to the Klondike used by gold-seekers during the Klondike Gold Rush.
 The Toarcla River is a tributary of the Pârâul Nou in Romania.
 Bullough's Pond a former mill pond located in Newton Massachusetts is now a decorative pond in a suburban neighborhood used for bird watching and winter ice skating. In the nineteenth century it was the site of a commercial ice business.
 Mount Napier in Victoria Australia one of the youngest volcanoes in Australia erupted about 32000 years ago. Mount Napier State Park is located 270 kilometres west of Melbourne and 17 km south of Hamilton.
 Dziewulski is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies between the craters Edison to the north and Popov to the south. The outer rim of this crater has been considerably worn by impacts particularly along the southwest quadrant where the satellite crater Dziewulski Q overlies the rim and the interior floor. The northern rim is also heavily disrupted and several small crater lie along the southeast rim.
 The Raton is a short mountain river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. It flows into the Cians north of Rigaud.It flows from west to east along the following communes: north side: Guillaumes Beuil south side: Auvare Puget-Rostang Rigaud
 Blood River also known as Ncome (Afrikaans: Bloedrivier) is situated in KwaZulu-Natal South Africa. This river has its sources in the hills SE of Utrecht; leaving the highlands it is joined by two important tributaries that originate in the Schurveberg after which it flows meandering through a sandy plain.
 Swift Creek is a southward-flowing tributary of the Baker River about 7 miles (11 km) long in Whatcom County in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises in glaciers near Table Mountain and Kulshan Ridge and flows west before being joined by more glacial tributaries. It then winds south-southeast for several miles to Baker Lake reservoir and there it is joined by Morovitz Creek directly before it enters the lake.
 The Everett Mountains are a mountain range located at Frobisher Bay on southern Baffin Island Nunavut Canada. Nunavut's capital city Iqaluit is protected by the Everett Mountains. The mountain range is a subrange of the Arctic Cordillera.
 Bolton Lake is a lake in the Mackenzie River drainage basin in northwestern Saskatchewan Canada. It is about 2.7 kilometres (1.7 mi) long and 1.3 kilometres (0.8 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 487 metres (1598 ft). The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Meanwell Lake then an unnamed creek into the Mirror River and then via Clearwater River Athabasca River Slave River and Mackenzie River into the Arctic Ocean.
 Lake Osakis is a lake in Todd and Douglas counties in west-central Minnesota. The town of Osakis is situated on the southwest shore of the lake.
 Nelson Lake is a dry lake in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California 67 km (42 mi) northeast of Barstow. The lake is approximately 3 km (1.9 mi) by 2 km (1.2 mi) at its widest point.Nelson Lake is on federal lands within the borders of the Fort Irwin Military Reservation southwest of the Granite Mountains.
 Three Lakes Valley is a 25-mile (40 km) long partially endorheic valley in southwest Lincoln County and northwest Clark County Nevada. The southwest of the valley has a narrowing with washes that flow south into the watershed of the Las Vegas Valley a tributary to Lake Mead–Colorado River watersheds.[citation needed]
 Wila Qullu (Aymara wila red or blood qullu mountain red mountain hispanicized spelling Wila Khollu Wila Kkollu) is a mountain in the Andes about 4581 m (15030 ft) high situated in the Cordillera Occidental near the border of Bolivia and Chile. It is located in the Oruro Department of Bolivia Sabaya Province Sabaya Municipality Julo Canton south east of the volcano Pukintika.
 The Cladova River ( Hungarian: Kladova-patak or Kalodva-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 The Avaș River is a tributary of the Vașar River in Romania.
 Camelback Mountain (O'odham: Cew S-wegiom) is a mountain in Phoenix Arizona United States. The English name is derived from its shape which resembles the hump and head of a kneeling camel. The mountain a prominent landmark for the metropolitan Phoenix valley is located in the Camelback Mountain Echo Canyon Recreation Area between the Arcadia neighborhood of Phoenix and the town of Paradise Valley. It is a popular recreation destination for hiking and rock climbing.
 Bhavani is a major river in Kongu Nadu region of Tamil Nadu India. It is the second largest river in Tamil Nadu and a major tributary of the Kaveri River.
 Lake Maumelle is a man-made lake in central Arkansas United States in Pulaski County and covers 8900 acres. It is one of the primary drinking water sources for Little Rock Arkansas. It is locally popular for boating and fishing.The lake was created in the late 1950s with construction beginning in 1956 to dam the Big Maumelle River and water flowing into the system in 1958.
 Bull Creek is the largest Eel River tributary drainage basin preserved within Humboldt Redwoods State Park. The basin contains the world's largest remaining contiguous old-growth forest of coast redwoods. Bull Creek flows in a clockwise semi-circle around 3373-foot (1028-meter) Grasshopper Mountain to enter the South Fork Eel River approximately 1.5 miles (2.5 km) upstream of the South Fork confluence with the Eel River.
 Mezha (Russian: Межа) is a river in Tver Oblast Russia. It flows out of the Valdai Hills and continues west into the Western Dvina. The town of Nelidovo is located along the Mezha.
 The Stronetta or Rio Stronetta is a small mountain torrent in the Province of Verbano Cusio Ossola northern Italy. It rises in the mountains to the south-east of Gravellona Toce and flows through the industrial district of the town and into Lago Maggiore at Fondotoce a locality of Verbania. A peculiarity of the river is that in places it is entirely covered by vegetation and can be difficult to make out.
 The Balciu River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in eastern Romania.
 Skrim is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Lower Marsh Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Rosskreppfjorden is a lake on the border between the municipalities of Valle (in Aust-Agder county) and Sirdal (in Vest-Agder county) Norway. The lake is part of the Kvina river system and has a hydroelectric power plant in a dam on the south end of the lake. The lake has an area of 29.51 square kilometres (11.39 sq mi) and sits at an elevation of about 929 to 890 metres (3048 to 2920 ft) above sea level.The lake flows south into the Øyarvatnet lake.
 Sgòr Gaoith is a mountain in the western massif of the Cairngorms and is separated from the Braeriach massif by the broad valley of Glen Einich. The second-highest summit of the mountain is Sgoran Dubh Mòr (1111 m) which lies 1.3 km away due NNE along the summit ridge.
 The Miletin River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Otter Creek is one of the major streams located in the state of Vermont. Roughly 112 miles (180 km) in length it is the primary stream running through Rutland County and Addison County. It is one of the largest rivers in the state.
 Ginzel is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just beyond the eastern limb. It is named after the Austrian astronomer Friedrich Karl Ginzel. It lies at the eastern edge of the Mare Marginis in a region of the surface that is sometimes brought into sight of the Earth due to libration.
 Chott el Djerid (Arabic: شط الجريد‎ Šaṭṭ al-Jarīd) also spelt Sciott Gerid and Shott el Jerid is a large endorheic salt lake in southern Tunisia.
 The Monoroștia River ( Hungarian: Monorostyai-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 The Zmeura River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 The Pyasino Gulf also known as Pyasina Bay (Russian: Пясинский залив; Pyasinsky Zaliv) is a bay at the mouth of the Pyasina River in the Kara Sea. It is limited on its western side by the Kamennyye Islands and on its northeastern side by the Minina Skerries.The Bay of the Pyasina is surrounded by tundra coast.
 Zapaleri Lake is a lake in the Sur Lípez Province Potosí Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 4608 m its surface area is 2 km².
 Tralles is an irregular lunar crater that is attached to the northwestern rim of the much larger crater Cleomedes in the northeastern part of the Moon. Within one crater diameter to the northwest is Debes.This is an oddly shaped crater formation with an irregular perimeter. The rugged interior has the appearance of three overlapping craters with one at the south end a second to the northeast and a third to the northwest.
 Padalio River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Khambhaliya hills. Its basin has a maximum length of 110 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 345 square kilometres (133 sq mi). 
 The Artillery Mountains are a mountain range in Mohave County in western Arizona. High point of the range is Artillery Peak 2917 feet (889 meters) above sea level. Artillery Peak is at coordinates N 34.36946 W 113.58160 .Mineral resources of the Artillery Mountains include manganese uranium and gold.
 The Arie River (有家川 Arie-gawa) flows from Mount Unzen to the Ariake Sea in Nagasaki Prefecture Japan.
 The Ribeirão Barra Mansa is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Cedar River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. About 45 miles (72 km) long it originates in the Cascade Range and flows generally west and northwest emptying into the southern end of Lake Washington. Its upper watershed is a protected area called the Cedar River Watershed which provides drinking water for the greater Seattle area.The Cedar River drains into Puget Sound via Lake Washington and the Lake Washington Ship Canal.
 The West Silver Bell Mountains are a small 10 mile (16 km) long mountain range of south-central Arizona United States. The range lies in the north-central arid Sonoran Desert; the Madrean Sky Islands region of southeast Arizona around Tucson is adjacent to the southeast.The range lies 25 mi west of Marana and 25 mi south of Eloy–Casa Grande all cities on Interstate 10 in Arizona. Casa Grande also begins the west route of Interstate 8 to Yuma and San Diego.
 Lake Chemong or Chemong Lake (pronounced shi-MONG) is a lake 8 km NW of Peterborough Ontario near the town of Bridgenorth. The lake extends from near Fowlers Corners north to near Curve Lake. Lake Chemong has a length of 14 km and a width of 1 km.Communities along and near the lakeshore include Bridgenorth Selwyn on the east and Ennismore on the west. There is a causeway which crosses the lake connecting Bridgenorth and Ennismore by road. This causeway is called the James A.
 Ganoga Lake is a natural lake in Colley Township in southeastern Sullivan County in Pennsylvania United States. Known as Robinson's Lake and Long Pond for most of the 19th century the lake was purchased by the Ricketts family in the early 1850s and became part of R. Bruce Ricketts' extensive holdings in the area after the American Civil War.
 Norefjorden is a lake in the municipality of Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud county Norway.
 The Popple River (Minnesota) is a river of Minnesota.
 Farley Ledges 1067 feet (325 m) also known as Rattlesnake Mountain is a bluff knob located on the southeast side of Northfield Mountain in eastern Franklin County Massachusetts. The ledge is notable for its extensive rock climbing ascents; it rises 700 feet (210 m) above the small village of Farley (part of Erving Massachusetts) and has been used by rock climbers since the 1970s.
 Boethius is a crater on Mercury named after Boethius the Roman philosopher.
 Hestlægerhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Birkenberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Little Rapid River is a 4.6-mile-long (7.4 km) stream in Kalkaska County Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of the Rapid River part of the Elk River Chain of Lakes Watershed flowing to Lake Michigan.
 Donaca Lake is a 3-acre (12000 m2) 41-foot (12 m) deep lake in Linn County Oregon United States. It lies at an elevation of 2700 feet (820 m). The lake can be accessed via two different trails one from the south and one from the north. The lake is located within an old growth forest in the Middle Santiam Wilderness near Sweet Home.Donaca Lake provides habitat for a unique strain of cutthroat trout and affords excellent fishing for lively 8-to-12-inch (20 to 30 cm) specimens.
 Steinkopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Valea lui Foale River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 The Little Saint Marks River is a river of Grenada.
 Hanging Lake is a lake in the U.S. State of Colorado. It is located in Glenwood Canyon about 7 miles (11 km) east of Glenwood Springs Colorado and is a very popular tourist destination. The lake is reached via a trailhead located along the Glenwood Canyon Bike and Pedestrian Path that runs along the north side of I-70 in the bottom of the canyon.
 The Naga Hills reaching a height of around 3825 metres (12549 ft) lie on the border of India and Burma (Myanmar). They are part of a complex mountain system and the parts of the mountain ranges inside the Indian state of Nagaland and the Burmese region of Sagaing are called the Naga Hills.In British India the major part of the hills came under the Naga Hills district.The hills due to their complexity and position form a barrier between the two countries.
 Steinbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Ciolpani River is a headwater of the Călănești River in Romania.
 The Axuí River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Turner River is a river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
 The Petersberg (331 metres (1086 ft)) formerly known as the Stromberg is a mountain in the Siebengebirge mountain range near Bonn Germany. It overlooks the cities of Königswinter on the right bank of the Rhine river and Bonn on the opposite side. Today the peak is the site of the Hotel Petersberg which serves as a guest house of the Federal Republic of Germany.
 The Cocoon Mountains are a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 Naomi Peak or Mount Naomi is the highest peak in the Bear River Mountains of northern Utah and southern Idaho. It is located northeast of Logan Utah in the Mount Naomi Wilderness area of the Wasatch-Cache National Forest. Several trails from the north east and south converge at Mount Naomi. The most traveled trail (approximately 3.3 miles (5.3 km) one way) is likely the one that starts at the Tony Grove Lake parking area just east of Naomi Peak.
 Alta Lake State Park is a 181 acre (732000 m²) camping park located in the mountainous northwest interior of the state of Washington United States. The park and adjacent lake lie beneath towering stone cliffs formed by glaciation that rise 1000 feet (304 m) above the valley floor and carry on up to the top of Old Goat Mountain which sits 4200 ft (1280 m) above the park. The lake is about 2 miles (3.2 km) long and .5 miles wide. The park has 2 miles (3.2 km) of hiking trails.
 The Râul Cheii is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
 The Tabasara River is a river of Panama.
 The South Umpqua River is a tributary of the Umpqua River approximately 115 miles (185 km) long in southwestern Oregon in the United States. It drains part of the Cascade Range east of Roseburg. The river passes through a remote canyon in its upper reaches then emerges in the populated South Umpqua Valley east of Canyonville.
 The Alme is a 50 km long river in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. It is a left tributary of the Lippe into which it flows near Paderborn. The Alme defines the Alme Valley and flows through the towns Büren Borchen and Paderborn.
 The Crăciunu River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Okamanpeedan Lake partially located in Martin County Minnesota and Emmet County Iowa is also known as Tuttle Lake. Okamanpeedan Lake is a roughly 2300-acre (9.3 km²) riverine lake located on the East Fork of the Des Moines River. It has an average depth of about four to six feet (1.2 to 1.8 m). The lake has a contributing watershed of approximately 120056 acres (486 km²) and watershed:lake ratio on the order of about 50:1.
 River Bann (Irish: An Bhanna) is a river in County Wexford in the southeast of Ireland. It rises in the southern slopes of Croghan Mountain in North Wexford on the County Wicklow border. It flows south and is joined by the Blackwater Stream near the village of Hollyfort. Veering southwest it passes under the R725 then continuing southwestwards it flows beneath the N11 national primary route at the village of Camolin.
 The Penfeld Penfell in Breton is a 16 km (9.9 mi) long French coastal river. On its left (east) bank has grown up the town of Brest in Finistère.
 The Geary River is a short river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It lies wholly within Port Campbell National Park in the Otway Ranges and enters Bass Strait to the east of Cape Otway.
 The Little Dead River is an 8.4-mile-long (13.5 km) tributary of the Dead River in Marquette County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. Via the Dead River its waters flow to Lake Superior.
 Andronov is a small lunar impact crater that lies across the southwest rim of the walled plain named Gagarin. It is located on the southern hemisphere of the far side of the Moon and can not be seen directly from the Earth. Just to the west of Andronov is the crater Levi-Civita.Andronov is a circular bowl-shaped formation with a small central floor. There is a tiny craterlet in the northern interior wall.
 The Macuma River is a river of Ecuador.
 Iset River (Russian: Исе́ть) is a river in Sverdlovsk Kurgan and Tyumen Oblasts in Russia. It rises in the Ural Mountains 25km northwest of Yekaterinburg and flows east into the Tobol River. To the north of its basin is that of Tura River and to the south the Uy River. The length of the Iset River is 606 km.Its main tributaries are the Miass the Techa and the Sinara Rivers.
 Summit Lake is a small lake located on Vancouver Island Canada southwest of Cameron Lake.
 Rumworth Lodge Reservoir is a large shallow reservoir in Bolton Greater Manchester England. It is located to the West of Bolton's A58 – Beaumont Road and to the South-East of Lostock railway station. The water from the reservoir is not used for drinking water. The lodge provides compensation water so that Middlebrook which feeds the Croal never runs dry. It is a magnet for birds particularly on spring and autumn passage when many rare species have been recorded.
 Lamachan Hill is in centre of the Galloway Hills of southern Scotland lying 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) north of the town of Newton Stewart.
 Webber Lake Eastern Shore is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Canton Lake is a lake in Blaine and Dewey counties in Oklahoma near Longdale and Canton. Its main source of water is the North Canadian River. It's about an hour away from Enid.Canton Dam was a 1948 project of the Southwestern Division of the United States Army Corps of Engineers. The earthen structure is 68 feet (21 m) high and 15140 feet (4610 m) long at its crest with a maximum storage capacity of 383000 acre-feet. The lake has a shoreline of 45 miles (72 km).
 Kasshabog Lake is a small lake in the southern part of the Canadian province of Ontario. It is home to a cottage community including game fishing a marina and lodges.
 The Valea Țânțărenilor River is a tributary of the Bârsa Groșetului River in Romania.
 The Waddington Range is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia Canada. It is only about 4000 km² (1545 sq mi) in area relatively small in area within the expanse of the range but it is the highest area of the Pacific Ranges and of the Coast Mountains being crowned by its namesake Mount Waddington 4019 m (13186 ft).
 Map of Munros of Scotland compiled from this listSee the list of places in Scotland for other places.This is a list of all 282 Munros as according to the Scottish Mountaineering Club and The Munro Society. They are listed by section as used in the official tables and in descending order of height within each section.Hills are divided by sub-region and hills with less than 200m relative height are indented to give some idea of how the hills are grouped together and relate to one another.
 Dunn Peak (sometimes known locally as the Dunn Peaks) is a group of peaks in the central Interior of British Columbia Canada. Its most prominent summit Matterhorn Peak rises to 2636 metres (8648 ft) making it the highest point in the Shuswap Highland.
 Mount Inglismaldie is the second highest peak of the Fairholme Range in Banff National Park. It is located immediately west of Mount Girouard in the Bow River valley south of Lake Minnewanka.The mountain was named in 1886 by superintendent George A. Stewart after Inglismaldie Castle in Kincardineshire Scotland.
 The Piranhas River (lower Tocantincs River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Aquio River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin. The Aquio River has long been known to harbor many species of wildlife due to the cleanliness of the water and its lack of pollution. It has a registered sister river on the Cydonia region of Mars and the native people have always been very proud of this status.
 Sálganjávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 4.55-square-kilometre (1.76 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northwest of the village of Masi.
 The Trishuli River (Nepali: त्रिशूली नदी; simplified Chinese: 特耳苏里河; traditional Chinese: 特耳蘇里河; pinyin: Tè'ěrsūlǐ Hé) is a trans-boundary river and is one of the major tributaries of the Narayani River basin in central Nepal. It originates in Tibet Autonomous Region of China where it is called Kirong Tsangpo (Tibetan: སྐྱིད་གྲོང་གཙང་པོ། Wylie: skyid grong gtsang po THL: Kyirong Tsangpo; Chinese: 古隆藏布; pinyin: Gǔlóng Zàngbù).
 The Duero River (Mexico) is a river of Mexico.
 The Three Buttes el. 3848 feet (1173 m) are buttes or small flat-topped hills northwest of Lodge Pole Montana in Blaine County Montana.
 The Juba River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Lac Nère is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 2309 m its surface area is 0.02 km².
 Buckhorn Lake is a private lake in Harris County in the state of Texas United States. The lake is approximately 60 acres filled with cypress trees and was created by an under water creek and spring.It is well stocked for fishing.
 The Uru River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Alturas del Yapacaní River is a river of Bolivia.
 Icefloe Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Icefloe Lake is .50 miles (0.80 km) west of Middle Teton and the same distance from South Teton to the SSE. Due to a being situated at high altitude Icefloe Lake is only free of ice in late summer.
 The Dent d'Hérens (4171 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps lying on the border between Italy and Switzerland. The mountain lies a few kilometres west of the Matterhorn.The Aosta hut (2781 m) is used for the normal route.
 Silvertip Mountain is an 2596 m (8517 ft) peak in the Canadian Cascades south of Hope British Columbia (BC). It lies on the northern boundary of Skagit Valley Provincial Park. With a prominence of 1871 m (6138 ft) it is one of the fifty most prominent peaks in BC.
 Weyl is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon behind the western limb as seen from the Earth. It lies to the east-southeast of the larger crater Fersman. To the southeast is Kamerlingh Onnes and to the northeast is Shternberg.This is a heavily eroded crater with a damaged outer rim. There are multiple craters along the rim and within the interior including a pair of small craters in the western half.
 The Rafnic River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania
 Enki Catena is a crater chain on Ganymede measuring 161.3 kilometres (100.2 mi) long.This chain of 13 craters probably formed by a comet which was pulled into pieces by Jupiter's gravity as it passed too close to the planet. Soon after this breakup the 13 fragments crashed onto Ganymede in rapid succession. The Enki craters formed across the sharp boundary between areas of bright terrain and dark terrain delimited by a thin trough running diagonally across the center of this image.
 The San Giacomo Pass (Italian: Passo San Giacomo) is an Alpine pass connecting Switzerland and Italy. It connects Bedretto on its northern side (valley of Leventina) to Formazza on its southern side.The pass is located between the Grieshorn (west) and the Marchhorn (east).
 Mount Hako (函岳 Hako-dake) is a mountain in the Kitami Mountains. It is located on the border of Bifuka Otoineppu and Esashi Hokkaidō Japan.Mount Hako is made from mafic non-alkali rock from 15 to 7 million years old.
 Vogel is 1922 m high mountain in Slovenia part of southern Julian Alps and Triglav National Park. There is a cable car from Lake Bohinj to a height of 1537 m. Vogel Ski Resort is one of the biggest of its kind in Slovenia.
 Punta Martin is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the province of Genoa. It lies at an altitude of 1001 metres.
 Alpamayo (in hispanicized spelling) Allpamayu (Quechua allpa earth mayu river earth river) or Shuyturahu (Ancash Quechua huytu shuytu oblong slim and long Quechua rahu snow ice mountain with snow slim and long snow covered mountain) is one of the most conspicuous peaks in the Cordillera Blanca of the Peruvian Andes.
 Adventtoppen is a mountain on the east side of Adventfjorden in the northern part of Nordenskiöld Land on the island of Spitsbergen in Svalbard Norway. It is 786 metres (2579 ft) tall.In 1901 Bergen-Spitsbergen Kullgrube-kompani started mining coal in Adventtoppen. During their first summer season they mined 5 tonnes (4.9 long tons; 5.5 short tons). They lived on board their ship and freighted the coal with a row-boat. In 1903 they produced 40 tonnes (39 long tons; 44 short tons).
 The Grohaş River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 Monte Cornizzolo (Insubric Curnisciöö) is a mountain situated in the province of Lecco Lombardy northern Italy.The peak reaches 1241 metres in altitude. It houses the Maria Consigliere hut open every Sunday throughout the year at 1100 metres above sea level.
 Pavlov is a large lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. Located just to the north-northeast of it is the crater Levi-Civita while to the southeast is Jules Verne.The outer rim of Pavlov is somewhat worn and has been damaged in a few locations. There are outward bulges along the southern and eastern rim and smaller bulges along the western side. Several small craters lie along the inner walls and the interior floor. Pavlov H is located along the east-southeastern edge of the floor.
 Lake Fletcher is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mapusa River ('Rio de Mapuça) river is a tributary of the River Mandovi in Goa India. The river originates from the jungles of Dumacem and Amthane meanders eastward and then southward before it drains itself in the Mandovi river at Penha de France. Mapusa River has separated Corjuem from mainland Aldona.The river has since ancient times been used a popular waterway to transport agricultural products and spices. The town of Mapusa is the largest town located on the banks of the river.
 St Columb Canal sometimes referred to as Edyvean's Canal was an abortive canal scheme in Cornwall England designed for the carriage of sea sand for use as manure. It was authorised in 1773 and part of it may have been briefly used around 1780.
 Rifle Creek Dam is owned by Mount Isa Mines. With the completion of the East Leichhardt Dam in 1958 Rifle Creek Dam water was completely available for use by the mine.
 The Inarajan River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Mount Batu is one of the highest of the Bale Mountains of Ethiopia as well as of the Oromia Region. Part of the Bale National Park and located at 06°40′N 39°25′E it reaches an elevation of 4307 meters. It consists of two peaks Tinnish Batu (Little Batu) which is actually higher than Tilliq Batu (Big Batu) to the south.
 Erlenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Căprioara River is a tributary of the Vulturu River in Romania.
 The Wied is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany right tributary of the Rhine. It is 102 km long. It flows generally south-west through the Westerwald hills. Its source is near Dreifelden. It flows through Altenkirchen Neustadt (Wied) and Waldbreitbach and ends in the Rhine in Neuwied.
 Needle Peak is a sharply-pointed black peak 370 m standing at the west side of Brunow Bay on the south coast of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands.
 Cook Peak el. 9754 feet (2973 m) is a mountain peak in the Washburn Range of Yellowstone National Park. The peak was named in 1922 by then superintendent Horace Albright to honor of Charles W. Cook a member of the 1869 Cook–Folsom–Peterson Expedition which explored the Yellowstone park region. 1922 was the 50th anniversary of the park's creation and Charles Cook still living in Montana attended ceremonies in the park.
 Ubajärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Three Fingered Jack named for its distinctive shape is a Pleistocene volcano in the Cascade Range of Oregon. It is a deeply glaciated shield volcano and consists mainly of basaltic andesite lava. Compared with other heavily glaciated volcanic peaks such as Mount Washington and Mount Thielsen which display eroded volcanic necks as their cores Three Fingered Jack's present summit is a narrow ridge of loose tephra supported by a dike only 10 feet (3.0 m) thick on a generally north–south axis.
 Dunraven Peak el. 9869 feet (3008 m) is a mountain peak in the Washburn Range of Yellowstone National Park. In 1874 just two years after the park's creation the Earl of Dunraven a titled Englishman made a visit to Yellowstone in conjunction with a hunting expedition to the Northern Rockies. He was so impressed with the park that he devoted well over 150 pages to Yellowstone in his The Great Divide published in London in 1874.
 Hicks Bay (Māori: Wharekahika) is a coastal area in the Gisborne region of the North Island of New Zealand. It is situated 150 km east of Opotiki and 186 km north of Gisborne city along State Highway 35 between Potaka and Te Araroa. The area is named after Zachary Hickes second-in-command of James Cook's Endeavour which sailed along the East Cape on 31 October 1769.
 Uchte (Biese) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Poncione di Piotta is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located between Lavertezzo and Moleno in the canton of Ticino. It lies on the chain that separates the valley of Verzasca (west) from the Leventina valley (east).
 The Aux Sables River also known as the River aux Sables and the Rivière aux Sables is a river in Algoma and Sudbury Districts Ontario Canada which flows from an unnamed lake in Algoma District through Lac aux Sables and empties into the Spanish River near the community of Massey.At one time the river was used to transport logs to sawmills downstream. It flows through Chutes Provincial Park which was named after chutes used to bypass rapids on this river.
 The Aley River (Russian: Алей) is a Russian river. It is a tributary of the Ob located in the Altai Krai. Bigger towns along the river are Rubtsovsk and Aleysk.
 The Sentinel Hills are a mountain range in Humboldt County Nevada.
 Heidgraben (Bach) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Castelltallat range (catalan language: Serra de Castelltallat) is located in central Catalonia (Spain) between the counties of Bages and Solsonès occupying an area of about 65 square kilometers. It is one of the isolated hills of the Catalan Central Depression and it is located at its southwestern end.
 The Huluba River is a tributary of the Argeşel River in Romania.
 Fall River Pass (elev 11796 ft/3595 m) is a mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of northern Colorado in the United States. It is located in the Front Range within Rocky Mountain National Park. The pass is traversed by U.S. Highway 34 on Trail Ridge Road between Granby and Estes Park.
 For other uses of Asperity see Asperity (disambiguation).Asperity Mountain is a mountain located in British Columbia Canada rising to 3716 metres (12192 ft). It is located between Tellot and Tiedemann Glaciers on the north and south respectively in the Waddington Range a subrange of the Pacific Ranges.
 The River Teise (pronounced /ˈtiːz/ TEEZ or /ˈtaɪs/ TYS) is a tributary of the River Medway in Kent England. It begins in Dunorlan Park in Tunbridge Wells. and flows eastwards past Bayham Abbey and then through Lamberhurst. 2 miles downstream of Lamberhurst the small River Bewl on which is the reservoir Bewl Water joins the Teise.Unusually the Teise bifurcates 1 1⁄4 miles (2.0 km) south west of the village of Marden passing either side of a low ridge.
 Rock Creek is a stream that flows from the high Eastern Sierra Nevada to the Owens River in Mono County of eastern California. The upper watershed is in the John Muir Wilderness of the Sierra and Inyo National Forests.
 Rusland Pool is a small river or beck running through the administrative county of Cumbria. Before 1974 Rusland Pool was in Lancashire.The source of Rusland Pool is to be found in Grizedale Forest Park where several streams draining Monk Coniston Moor and Hawkshead Moor converge near Jack Gap Plantation (where Rusland Pool is known as Grizedale Beck).
 The Campo Alegre River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Bald Mountain Pass (el. 10715 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the high Uinta Mountains in eastern Utah. It is the highest point on the Mirror Lake Highway (State Route 150) near the trailhead for Bald Mountain and is the highest paved road in Utah.
 Hurrah Pass (el. 4780 ft.) is a mountain pass in Utah.It is the highest point on the trail from Moab to Chicken Corners. It overlooks the Colorado river and Potash Evaporation ponds.
 The Boa Vista River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Vorma is a river in Norway that brings water from lake Mjøsa into the Glomma river. The Vorma is 30 kilometers long and flows through the town of Eidsvoll. The Vorma goes from Lake Mjøsa via Minnesund to join with the Glomma at Årnes. Vorma was so named because it was a warm river that never freezes over while both the Glomma and the Gudbrandsdalslågen routinely freeze. The junction of the Vorma with the Glomma at Årnes and Nes is the site of the Funnefoss on the Glomma a 10 meter fall.
 The Ore Mountains (German: Erzgebirge Czech: Krušné hory) in Central Europe have formed a natural border between Saxony and Bohemia for many centuries. Today the border between Germany and the Czech Republic runs just north of the main crest of the mountain range.
 The Târnava Mare River (Big Târnava; Hungarian: Nagy-Küküllő; German: Große Kokel) is a river in Romania. Its source is in the Eastern Carpathian Mountains near the sources of the Mureş and Olt in Harghita County. It flows through the Romanian counties of Harghita Mureş Sibiu and Alba. The cities of Odorheiu Secuiesc Sighişoara and Mediaş lie on the Târnava Mare. It joins the Târnava Mică River in Blaj forming the Târnava.
 The Dolia River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 The Darul River is a tributary of the Vedița River in Romania.
 The Părăginosu River is a tributary of the Vidruța River in Romania.
 The Solnan (French: le Solnan) is a 61.6 km (38.3 mi) long river in the Ain and Saône-et-Loire départements eastern France. Its source is at Verjon in the Jura Mountains. It flows generally north-northwest. It is a left tributary of the Seille into which it flows at Louhans.Its main tributaries are the Sevron and the Vallière.
 The Seven Mile River or Sevenmile River is a 9.6-mile-long (15.4 km) stream in central Massachusetts. It heads at Browning Pond at the Oakham and Spencer border and travels south through Spencer following a short distance from State Route 31 (North Spencer Road). It crosses under Route 31 the highway becomes Pleasant Street then continues south along Old Meadow Road and under State Route 9 near the junction of State Route 49.
 Jääsjärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is located in Hartola and Joutsa municipalities in the regions Central Finland and Päijänne Tavastia. The water quality in the lake is excellent. The river Tainionvirta has its source in Jääsjärvi. Jääsjärvi flows through it and with several smaller lakes to Päijänne. Water in Jääsjärvi is bright. Lake is part of Sysmä catchment area and Kymijoki main catchment area.
 The Orbău River is a tributary of the Santău River in Romania.
 Ben Aigan is a hill in Moray rising to a height of 471m (1546 feet) to the east of the River Spey which flows along the foot of its western and northern slopes. It lies to the east of Rothes and north east of Craigellachie. The Speyside Way passes over the shoulder of the hill.
 The Southern Buh also called Southern Bug (Ukrainian: Південний Буг Pivdennyi Buh: Russian: Южный Буг Yuzhny Bug) is a river located in Ukraine.The source of the river is in the west of Ukraine in the Volyn-Podillia Upland about 145 km from the Polish border from where it flows southeasterly into the Bug Estuary (Black Sea basin) through the southern steppes.
 The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Pita river in Romania.
 The Helegiu River is a tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania.
 The Far Eastern Fells are a group of hills in the English Lake District. Reaching their highest point at High Street (828 metres or 2718 ft) they occupy a broad area to the east of Ullswater and Kirkstone Pass. Much quieter than the central areas of Lakeland they offer in general easier but less exciting walking as the fells merge mainly into the surrounding moorlands.
 Blambach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Meleș River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Los Gatos Creek runs 24 miles in California through Santa Clara Valley Water District's Guadalupe Watershed from the Santa Cruz Mountains northward through the Santa Clara Valley until its confluence with the Guadalupe River in downtown San Jose. The Guadalupe River then continues onward into San Francisco Bay.The creek begins in the Santa Cruz mountains near the Santa Clara/Santa Cruz County border just south of the peak Loma Prieta.
 Karbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Eyre (/ˈɛər/ AIR) officially known as Kati Thanda–Lake Eyre is the lowest point in Australia at approximately 15 m (49 ft) below sea level (AHD) and on the rare occasions that it fills the largest lake in Australia and 18th largest in the world.The temporary shallow lake is the depocenter of the vast Lake Eyre Basin and is found in South Australia some 700 km (435 mi) north of Adelaide. The lake was named in honour of Edward John Eyre who was the first European to see it in 1840.
 The La Quinte River is a river of Haiti.
 The Chol Chol River is a river in Chile. It is situated in the Araucania Region of Chile in the village of Cholchol just outside of Temuco and with the Cautin River are afluents of the Imperial River (Chile).The river is a popular destination during the Chilean summer time of January and February when many families from nearby villages travel and camp by the river in order to use it for swimming.
 The Comeragh Mountains (Irish: Na Comaraigh) are a glaciated mountain range situated in the south east of Ireland in County Waterford. They are located between the town of Clonmel on the County Tipperary border and the villages of Kilrossanty and Kilmacthomas in County Waterford.The twelve mountains which form the Comeragh Mountains are very popular for mountain climbers and hikers. The highest point is at 792 m (2598 ft).
 The Corcho river is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The River Roding is a river in England that rises near Dunmow flows through Essex and forms Barking Creek as it reaches the River Thames in London.The river leaves Dunmow and passes through a group of villages in Essex known collectively as the Rodings as they all end with the suffix 'Roding'. However some are a mile or more from the river itself. After Chipping Ongar the river flows under the M25 motorway by Passingford Bridge and Abridge.
 The Grădinile River is a tributary of the Suhatul River in Romania.
 Squaw Creek Reservoir is a 3275-acre (13.3 km²) impoundment located between Glen Rose Texas and Granbury Texas. The primary purpose is cooling for Comanche Peak Nuclear Generating Station. During full operation of both units of Comanche Peak 2.2 million US gallons (8300 m3) of water are pumped through the plant's main condensers from Squaw Creek Reservoir.The water is relatively clear and provides good bass fishing. The shoreline is rocky.
 Victoria Peak is a mountain located in the Sutton Range of the Vancouver Island Ranges. At 2163 m it is the third highest peak on Vancouver Island. The mountain is located on the White River valley and has no mountains of comparable elevation nearby.
 Allin Qhapaq also Allinqhapaq (Quechua allin good qhapaq the mighty one the good mighty one hispanicized spellings Allincapac Allin Capac Allin Cápac Allin Ccapac Allinccapacc Allin Japac Allin Qhapac) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru. It is the highest peak of the Kallawaya mountain range rising up to 5780 metres (18963 ft).
 The Styx River is a short river in Queensland. It enters Broad Sound south of the Port of St Lawrence. The river is crossed by both the Bruce Highway and North Coast railway line.The Styx River is wide at its mouth resulting in a tidal bore at certain times. Much of the river valley remains natural leaving the water quality in a healthy state.
 The Colindó River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Jiaozi Snow Mountain (simplified Chinese: 轿子雪山; traditional Chinese: 轎子雪山) is a mountain located in central northern Yunnan China.
 The Palmeiras River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Geumdangsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1173 m (3848 ft).
 Guachuna Lake is a lake in the Yacuma Province Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 150 m its surface area is 102.8 km².
 Wular Lake (also spelt Wullar) One of the largest fresh water lake in Asia is in Bandipora district in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. The lake basin was formed as a result of tectonic activity and is fed by the Jhelum River. The lake's size varies seasonally from 12 to 100 square miles (30 to 260 square kilometers). Boating water sports and water ski have recently been launched by the Government of India Tourism in collaboration with Kerala Tourism and J&K Tourism.
 Lebesgue is a small lunar crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon. It lies in the southeastern part of the Mare Smythii to the southeast of the crater Warner. The southeastern rim of Lebesgue is attached to a small crater that overlays the northwest rim of Swasey so that the three form a short crater chain. This is a circular bowl-shaped crater formation. It is not notably eroded or overlain by impacts.
 Prisojnik or Prisank is a mountain in the Julian Alps in Slovenia. Its summit is at 2547 m above sea level.
 Crescent Lake is a 15960-acre (64.6 km2) freshwater lake located in Putnam and Flagler counties in North Central Florida. The lake is approximately 13 miles (21 km) in length and 2 miles (3.2 km) wide. At the north end it connects to St. Johns River by way of Dunn's Creek.
 Phelps Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The natural lake is located at the entrance to Death Canyon in the southern section of the park. A number of hiking trails can be found near the lake the most popular being a 1.8 mile (2.9 km) roundtrip hike to the Phelps Lake overlook.
 Lake Bernard Frank (Lake Frank) is a 54-acre (220000 m2) reservoir on the North Branch of Rock Creek in Derwood Maryland United States just east of Rockville. It is named after Bernard Frank a wilderness activist and a co-founder of The Wilderness Society. The lake's boundaries are approximately Route 28 East Gude Drive Avery Road and Muncaster Mill Road. Lake Frank was created in 1966 to aid in flood and sediment control as well as to provide recreation.
 The Ludișoru River is a tributary of the Zârna River in Romania.
 Lake McKenzie (Boorangoora) is a perched lake on Fraser Island in Queensland Australia. The lake is located in the Great Sandy National Park.The lake is located 6.2 km southeast of Kingfisher Resort. It is 1200 metres long and up to 930 metres wide.
 The Briones Hills are a mountain range in Contra Costa County California.
 The Jacurutu River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Provence Alps and Prealps (Alpes et Préalpes de Provence in French) are a mountain range in the south-western part of the Alps located in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur (France). Provence Alps and Prealps encompass the south-western area of the French Prealps.
 The McCarty River is a 6.8-mile-long (10.9 km) tributary of the Saint Louis River of Minnesota.
 Thomas Cole Mountain is a mountain located in Greene County New York.
 Meager Creek is a creek in the southern Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia Canada. It flows northeast into the Lillooet River.It is noted for a large set of surface hot springs known as the Meager Creek Hot Springs related to volcanism of the Mount Meager massif on its north side. Public access reopened in the summer of 2008 several years after vandalism of the site and flooding damage to the access road and bridge had seen the site closed.
 The Hochvernagtspitze is a mountain in the Weisskamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Lej da Vadret is a lake below Roseg Glacier in the Grisons Switzerland.
 The Slâmna River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. The hiking track from Brezoi to the Urzicii Ridge in the Cozia Mountains runs along the valley of the Slâmna River.
 Grajaú River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Ankarvattnet is a lake in the municipality of Strömsund in Jämtland county Sweden.
 Ursul (Russian: Урсул) is a river of Ongudai District in the Altai Republic Russia.
 The Rața River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Haw River is a tributary of the Cape Fear River approximately 110 mi (177 km) long that is entirely contained in north central North Carolina in the United States. It was first documented as the Hau River by John Lawson an English botanist in his 1709 book A New Voyage to Carolina. The name is shortened from Saxapahaw from the Catawban /sak'yápha:/ piedmont foothill from /sak/ hill plus /yápha:/ step. The river gives its name to a small town that formed on its banks.
 The Santana River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Langendernbach (Elbbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Mapire River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Ben More (Scottish Gaelic: A' Bheinn Mhòr meaning the great mountain) is a mountain in the southern Highlands of Scotland near Crianlarich. It is the highest of the so-called Crianlarich Hills to the south-east of the village and there is no higher land in the British Isles south of Ben More. It is separated from Stob Binnein by the Bealach-eadar-dha Beinn meaning col between two hills.The simplest ascent starts from Benmore Farm on the A85.
 Roche Veyrand is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Chartreuse Mountains range. It has an elevation of 1429 metres above sea level.
 Feragen is a lake in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake is located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of the municipal center of Røros. The lake flows out into the lake Håsjøen and the Håelva river. There is a canal connecting Feragen to Femunden.The village of Feragen a small village situated at the northern end of the lake about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) south of Brekken.
 The Gross Bielenhorn is a mountain in the Urner Alps.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Mount Tremper officially known as Tremper Mountain and originally called Timothyberg is one of the Catskill Mountains in the U.S. state of New York. It is located near the hamlet of Phoenicia in the valley of Esopus Creek.At 2740 feet (840 m) in elevation it is well below the higher peaks of the region. Its slopes were a source of two major local products during the 19th century: hemlock bark a source of tannin and bluestone used in construction.
 Sąspówka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Prądnik.
 Middle Creek Dam is located at the head waters of Plane Creek west of Sarina Queensland.
 Kinzig (Mümling) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Ben Gorm (Irish: an Bhinn Ghorm meaning the blue peak) is a mountain in southwest County Mayo Ireland.
 Murphy Lake is a reservoir in Lewis County Missouri United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 607 feet (185 m).
 Resplendent Mountain or Mount Resplendent is a peak in the Canadian Rockies located within Mount Robson Provincial Park in British Columbia Canada. It is a part of the Rainbow Range and is a sister peak to the more famous Mount Robson its nearest neighbour. Together they form a classic panorama seen by travellers from the VIA railway and Highway 16. The mountain was named by Arthur P. Coleman and A.O.
 The Carson River (Washo: Watahshemu ) is a northwestern Nevada river that empties into the Carson Sink an endorheic basin. The main stem of the river is 131 miles (211 km) long although addition of the East Fork makes the total length 205 miles (330 km) traversing five counties: Alpine County in California and Douglas Storey Lyon and Churchill Counties in Nevada as well as the Consolidated Municipality of Carson City Nevada. The river is named for Kit Carson who guided John C.
 The Honoș River is a tributary of the Beregsău River in Romania.
 The Slăveni River is a tributary of the Spaia River in Romania.
 Copco Lake is an artificial lake on the Klamath River in Siskiyou County California near the Oregon border in the United States. The lake's waters are impounded by the Copco Number 1 Dam (National ID CA00323) which was completed in 1922. COPCO was an acronym referring to the California Oregon Power Company which merged into Pacific Power and Light in 1961.
 Nuasjärvi is a medium-sized lake in Kainuu region in northern Finland. It is located in Sotkamo and it belongs to the Oulujoki main catchment area. Nuasjärvi is separated from another lake Rehja with strait Rimpilänsalmi. The lake is near the Vuokatti Ski and Golf Center.
 Ottersbek is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 The Ormeniș River (Hungarian: Örményes-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name is from the Hungarian mening “Armenian Creek”.[citation needed]
 Antichasia (Greek: Αντιχάσια) is a forested mountain range in the northern Trikala and Larissa regional units in Thessaly Greece. The range is part of the eastern foothills of the Pindus mountains. Its highest point is 1424 m elevation in the eastern part of the mountains. The Meteora rocks near Kalampaka are considered part of Antichasia. Antichasia stretches from the valley of the river Mourgkani in the west to the valley of the river Titarisios in the east.
 The Souffel (German: Suffel) is a river in Alsace France. It rises near Kuttolsheim and joins the Ill river (a tributary of the Rhine) south of La Wantzenau after a course of 26 km. It has given its name to two villages on its banks: Souffelweyersheim and Griesheim-sur-Souffel. Tributaries of the Souffel are Haltbach Plaetzerbach Musaubach Kolbsenbach and Leisbach. In 1815 the Battle of La Suffel was fought on its banks.
 Lech dl Dragon (Drachensee in German) is a proglacial lake in the Dolomites of South Tyrol Italy. The lake is located on a ledge on the north side of the Sella Group. It is created periodically from the melting of a glacier that is hidden beneath the scree from the rock towers above. The lake disappeared in the 1970s reappeared in 2002 then disappeared in 2007. As of 2011 the lake contains water. The lake is named from a legend of the inhabitants of Val Gardena.
 Mount Upepesanke (ウペペサンケ山 Upepesanke-yama) is a lava dome located in the Nipesotsu-Maruyama Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaido Japan.
 Bakdalsan is a mountain in the county of Goesan Chungcheongbuk-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 825 m (2707 ft).
 Duff Hill (Irish: Cnoc Dubh meaning Black Hill) is a mountain in County Wicklow Ireland. At 720 metres (2362 ft) it is the 12th highest mountain in the Wicklow Mountains and the 96th highest summit in Ireland.
 Foley Peak is a mountain in the Cheam Range located in southwestern British Columbia Canada near Chilliwack. It is one of the easternmost peaks in the range situated west of Conway Peak and east of Welch Peak. The mountain is named after one of the partners in the engineering firm Foley Welch and Stewart who built and operated the Lucky Four Mine located near the peak.
 The Pat River (Thai: แม่น้ำปาด RTGS: Maenam Pat Thai pronunciation: [mɛ̂ːnáːmː pàːt]) is a river of Thailand and part of the Chao Phraya River basin. It joins the Nan River in Uttaradit Province.
 West Vent is one of the three small shield volcanoes located in the Tuya Volcanic Field of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province British Columbia Canada. It is Holocene in age and stands in relief above the surrounding area north of the Nazcha Creek and comprise the West Tuya lava field.
 The Skug River said to be named either for the Native American word Skug meaning Snake or a misspelling of Skunk River is a 4.9-mile-long (7.9 km) river in North Andover Andover and North Reading Massachusetts that constitutes part of the Ipswich River watershed.The river arises from wetlands just south of Boston Hill in the Harold Parker State Forest and flows mainly southwest to empty into Martin's Pond in North Reading.
 The Corbeasca River ( Hungarian:Petres-patak) or Petriș River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 The Băltăgești River is a tributary of the Dunărea River in Romania.
 The East Branch Pleasant River is a 6.2-mile-long (10.0 km) tributary of the Pleasant River in the U.S. state of Maine. The Pleasant River is a tributary of the Androscoggin River which flows southeast to the tidal Kennebec River and the Atlantic Ocean.The East Branch rises in the White Mountain National Forest on the north slopes of a high ridge connecting Miles Notch and Farwell Mountain.
 The Wag Water River is one of Jamaica's rivers. It is dammed by the Hermitage Dam.
 The Leasa River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 The Anna River is a 7.1-mile-long (11.4 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The mouth of the river is at 46°24′40″N 86°38′26″W in the city of Munising on the South Bay of Grand Island Harbor on Lake Superior.The river rises in the Anna Marsh in eastern Au Train Township at 46°24′40″N 86°38′26″W. It flows first to the southeast then turns mostly east and receives the outflow from Mud Lake and the Valley Spur Creek.
 Lake Vagula is a lake of Estonia.
 Chaffee is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies within the huge walled plain Apollo and is one of several craters in that formation named for astronauts and people associated with the Apollo program. This basin is a double-ringed formation and the crater Chaffee is situated across the southwest part of the inner ring.
 Arlesheimer See is a lake in Baden-Württemberg Germany. At an elevation of 212 m its surface area is 0.060 km².
 The Valea Neagră River or Valea Popsinei River is a tributary of the Gepiu River in Romania
 Makra is a scenic peak in the Hazara region of the Himalayas in northern Pakistan. It is 4000 metres (13123 ft) high and almost 200 km from Islamabad on Naran Road. From Kiwai a single 7-KM road goes upwards to Shogran a tourist place with plenty of hotels; the track goes upward to Seree Lake and ends at Paye. From here it is a walking trek of four hours to the top of Makra. Hiking Makra is difficult task due to snow and slope of the peak.
 McIntyre Bluff is a large ridge of rock made of gneiss located south of Vaseux Lake between Okanagan Falls and Oliver in British Columbia Canada. It is located directly above Highway 97 and is one of the most well known landmarks in the Okanagan Valley. First Nations in the area tell a story of a battle centuries ago on top of McIntyre Bluff. An enemy war party from the south (now Washington State) was lured to the top and driven over the cliffs.
 Elati (Greek: Ελάτη meaning pine tree) is a mountain on the Greek island of Lefkada. It is the island's highest peak
 The Izbuc River is a tributary of the Crişul Poienii River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Ponor is a tributary of the Someșul Cald River in Romania.
 Franz is a small lunar crater identified during the Apollo mission in August 1971 and located along the eastern edge of the Sinus Amoris a bay that forms a northern extension to the Mare Tranquillitatis. It lies to the southwest of the prominent crater Macrobius. To the north is the smaller Carmichael and to the northwest is the diminutive Theophrastus.The rim of this crater has been eroded due to subsequent impacts although it retains a generally circular form.
 Italia Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in Alberto de Agostini National Park Chile. It flows down in a southwest direction to its terminus in the Beagle Channel.
 Frøylandsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Sandnes in Rogaland county Norway.
 Sierra Nevada also known as Sierra Nevada de Lagunas Bravas is a volcanic complex which lies in both Chile and Argentina. Some of the complex is of Holocene age but there is also an older Pleistocene volcanism evident. The older material is to the east in Argentina. The complex lies in one of the most remote regions of the Andes making study difficult. It covers a total area of 225 km².Sierra Nevada is a remote peak on the Chile-Argentina border.
 Guthnick is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon's surface from the Earth. However it is located in the part of the far side that is sometimes brought into sight of the Earth due to libration although it can only be seen at a low angle and during favorable lighting conditions. Guthnick is situated in the southern portion of the huge skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin.
 Manaraga is a peak in the northern part of Ural mountains in Russia with the elevation of 1820 metres (5971 ft). It is located 15 km west of Mount Narodnaya the highest peak in Ural mountains. The slopes of the peak are gentle and grassy but the summit is jagged and rocky.
 Étang de Bois Rouge is a lake in the city of St.André Réunion France. At an elevation of 1 m its surface area is 0.05 km².
 The Waputik Range lies west of the upper Bow Valley east of Bath Creek and south of Balfour Creek in the Canadian Rockies. Waputik means white goat in Stoney. The range was named by George Mercer Dawson of the Geological Survey of Canada. The President Range lies within the Waputik Range.The Waputik Range should not be confused with the much larger Waputik Mountains which encompasses this range and other peaks along the Continental Divide in Yoho National Park.
 Paruma is a stratovolcano that lies on the border of Bolivia and Chile. It is part of a ridge that contains several stratovolcanos. Paruma lies at the eastern end of the ridge with Olca to its west. The older volcano Cerro Paruma lies to east of Paruma. Paruma has clearly been active during the Holocene with many morphologically young lava flows on its flanks. It also has persistent fumaroles. One lava flow in particular extends for 7 kilometres to the south-east of the peak.
 The Little Piney River is a 7.6-mile-long (12.2 km) tributary of the Piney River in Amherst County in the U.S. state of Virginia. Via the Piney and Tye rivers it is part of the James River watershed.The Little Piney River runs from the George Washington Forest down Page Mountain and feeds into the Big Piney River at the foot of the mountain. Both Piney Rivers straddle the boundaries of Nelson County and Amherst County.
 Radfjorden is a fjord in Hordaland county Norway. The 10-kilometre (6.2 mi) long fjord runs between the islands of Radøy (in Radøy and Lindås municipalities) and Holsnøy (in Meland municipality). The northwestern end of the fjord is called the Mangerfjorden and it flows out into the Hjeltefjorden. The southeastern end of the fjord is also known as the Kvernafjorden and it flows out into the confluence of three other fjords: Salhusfjorden Osterfjorden and Sørfjorden.
 Lago di Lases is a lake in Trentino Italy. At an elevation of 629 m its surface area is 0.16 km².
 The Sicolovăț River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Zabelstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Malinik (Serbian Cyrillic: Малиник) is a mountain in eastern Serbia. Its highest peak Veliki Malinik has an elevation of 1158 metres above sea level. Smaller peak Mali Malinik is 1019 m.The most prominent features of Malinik are spectacular Lazar's Gorge (Lazarev kanjon) of the eponymous river carved almost vertically in the mountain's karst masif and Lazar's Cave (Lazareva pećina) near the village of Zlot.
 Lago di Alserio is an Italian lake located in the Province of Como Brianza Lombardy. On its shores lie the communes of Erba Albavilla Alserio and Monguzzo. The lake falls within the Parco regionale della Valle del Lambro the regional park of the valley of the Lambro. Along its eastern shore is located a nature reserve known as the “Riva orientale del Lago di Alserio.”
 Umbozero Lake (Russian: Умбозеро named after the adherent Umba River) is located in Murmansk Oblast of Russia between the Khibiny on the west and Lovozero Tundras on the east. Area is 422 km² average depth is 15 m maximum is 115. The lake freezes from the end of October. Three kinds of fish could be found in it.
 Carneros Creek is a southward flowing stream originating in the Santa Ynez Mountains in Santa Barbara County California. It flows to Lake Los Carneros Park under U. S. Highway 101 where it runs in a man-made channel diverted to the west of Santa Barbara Municipal Airport until it meets Goleta Slough from whence its waters flow to the Santa Barbara Channel of the Pacific Ocean.
 The North Mayo River is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 Pustmühlenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Fundo River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Col des Etroits (el. 1152 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.It connects Yverdon and Fleurier.
 Monte Moro is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. It lies west of the Monte Moro Pass.
 The Sibun River is a river in Belize which drains a large central portion of the country.
 The Râul Râpelor is a tributary of the Strei river in Romania.
 The Odon is a river in the Calvados department in Normandy northwestern France. It is 47 km long and is a left tributary of the Orne. The river passes through Jurques Aunay-sur-Odon Baron-sur-Odon Bretteville-sur-Odon Épinay-sur-Odon Grainville-sur-Odon Parfouru-sur-Odon Tournay-sur-Odon and Tourville-sur-Odon. It flows into the Orne in Caen.
 The Mutzenberg is a 770.0 m high (above sea level) mountain located in the Thuringian Highland Thuringia (Germany). It is to be found close to the municipality of Lichte and the Leibis-Lichte Dam in the Saalfeld-Rudolstadt district in the Thuringian Forest Nature Park. The section of the Rennsteig walkway between Neuhaus am Rennweg Piesau and Spechtsbrunn runs close to the mountain.
 Wenne is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Crowfeet Mountain (8914 feet (2717 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Crowfeet Mountain is situated on a ridgeline just south of the Ptarmigan Tunnel and is easily seen from Iceberg Lake to the southwest.
 Mount Allen is a mountain in the Canadian Rockies located on the Continental Divide which forms the provincial boundary between British Columbia and Alberta in this region. Named for Samuel Evans Stokes Allen. Allen was an American cartographer who mapped this area of the Rockies.
 The Little Bighorn River is a 138-mile-long (222 km) tributary of the Bighorn River in the United States in the states of Wyoming and Montana. The Battle of the Little Bighorn was fought on its banks in 1876 as well as the Battle of Crow Agency in 1887.The Little Bighorn rises in extreme northern Wyoming along the north side of the Bighorn Mountains.
 The Cormier Range is a subrange of the Sifton Ranges located between the Finlay River and Fox River in northern British Columbia Canada. This northwest trending mountain range extends from Ware to Fox Pass.
 The Pandora River is a river in Fiordland New Zealand. It rises south of Mount Namu and flows north-westward into Thompson Sound.
 The Leitzaran (pronounced [leiˈts̻aɾan] or Leizarán in Spanish) is a river and a valley in the Navarre and the Basque Country (Spain). It flows into the river Oria from its right.Its source is in the Leitza municipality in Navarre and it is 42 km long. It enters into Gipuzkoa in a place called Urto. It takes water from the municipalities of Areso Berastegi Elduain Villabona Urnieta and Andoain and has an area of 124.02 km² of which 69.72 km² belongs to Gipuzkoa.
 Tal Saki (Arabic: تل الساقي‎ / ALA-LC: Tal Al-Saki; Hebrew: תל סאקי‎ Tal Saki) is a dormant volcanic hill in the South-Eastern part of the Golan Heights It extends to an elevation of 594 Meters above sea level.
 Mount Rhondda is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1917 by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey after Thomas David Alfred First Viscount Baron Rhondda.
 The Gârculețul River is a tributary of the Gârcu River in Romania.
 The Arachthos (Greek: Άραχθος) is a river in eastern Epirus Greece. Its source is in the Pindus mountains near the town Metsovo (Ioannina regional unit). Its upper course is known as Metsovitikos. From its confluence with the Dipotamos near the village of Batza it is called Arachthos. It flows towards the south passing between the Athamanika and the Xerovouni mountains.
 Mount Nozuka (野塚岳 Nozuka-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. The Nozuka Tunnel connects Hidaka and Tokachi subprefectures via Route 236 through Mount Nozuka.
 Mühlbach (Merkenfritzerbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Lopau is a river in the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany. It is a right tributary of the Luhe.
 Ømmervatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. The European route E06 highway passes along the eastern coast of the lake. The lake lies about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of Drevjemoen and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northeast of Mosjøen.
 Nonnenfließ is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Racoș River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 Maroon Dam is a water storage and recreational dam in South East Queensland. The dam lies 25 km south of Boonah within the Scenic Rim at the foot of the McPherson Range. Maroon Dam subverts the waters of Burnett Creek a tributary of Logan River and supplies the Scenic Rim Regional Council with water. Some water is supplied to irrigators along the Logan River.Construction of the dam occurred between 1969 to 1974.
 Seeli (literally small lake) or Seelisbergsee is the lake on Seelisberg in Uri Switzerland that gives the place its name. Its surface area is 0.18 km².
 The Povungnituk River is a river in Quebec Canada. It flows into Hudson Bay at Povungnituk.
 The Izvoru River is a tributary of the Bărușoru River in Romania.
 Indian Head Pond is a 121-acre (0.49 km2) pond in Hanson Massachusetts. The pond is a tributary to Furnace Pond a public water supply and is the headwaters to Indian Head Brook.
 The Sierra Morena is one of the main systems of mountain ranges in Spain. It stretches for 450 kilometres from east to west across the south of the Iberian Peninsula forming the southern border of the Meseta Central plateau and providing the watershed between the valleys of the Guadiana to the north and the west and the Guadalquivir to the south. Its highest summit is 1332 m high Bañuela.
 South Branch Roaring Creek is a tributary of Roaring Creek in Columbia County and Northumberland County Pennsylvania in the United States. It is approximately 16.8 miles (27.0 km) long. The upper reaches of the creek are located in Weiser State Forest between Big Mountain and Little Mountain. The creek is home to some trout and is considered a high-quality coldwater fishery. The Chemung Formation occurs in the creek's watershed. The watershed is 25 square miles in area.
 Hengelsbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Fang Peak is a mountain in southwestern British Columbia Canada located 91 km (57 mi) east of Rivers Inlet and 8 km (5 mi) southeast of Mount Fitzgerald.Fang Peak lies on the eastern rim of a circular volcanic depression in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains called the Silverthrone Caldera.
 The Văsălatu River is a tributary of the Râul Doamnei in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Izvorul Cremenei and Izvorul Roşu
 Maple Mountain is a mountain located in Okanogan County in the U.S. state of Washington.
 Slate Run is a 7.3-mile-long (11.7 km) tributary of Pine Creek in Tioga and Lycoming counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.Formed by the confluence of two of its tributaries the Francis Branch and the Cushman Branch Slate Run flows generally southeast to join Pine Creek at the community of Slate Run. The first 0.5 miles (0.8 km) or so of the main stem are in the Tioga State Forest in Tioga County and the rest passes through the Tiadaghton State Forest in Lycoming County.
 Gutulisjøen is a lake in the municipality of Engerdal in Hedmark county Norway.
 The Blue River is a 50.8-mile-long (81.8 km) stream that runs through the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest in Arizona. It arises near Alpine and flows south into the San Francisco River just upstream from Clifton. The Blue River varies in altitude from 6400 to 4000 feet (2000 to 1200 m).
 Qiwllaqucha (Quechua qillwa qiwlla qiwiña gull qucha lake gull lake hispanicized spelling Quiullacocha) is a small lake in Peru located in the Apurímac Region Cotabambas Province Cotabambas District south-east of Cotabambas. It is situated at a height of about 4469 metres (14662 ft).
 The Tomoka River is a north-flowing river in Volusia County Florida United States. It drains an area of about 110 square miles (280 km2) and is the longest river in Volusia County (excluding the St. Johns River) with a length of 19.6 miles (31.5 km).
 The Long Pines el. 4085 feet (1245 m) is a small mountain range southeast of Ekalaka Montana in Carter County Montana.
 The Drăganu River is a tributary of the Râul Lung in Romania.
 The Schunter is a river in Lower Saxony Germany with a length of 58 km right tributary of the Oker. It originates in the Elm hills near Räbke west of Helmstedt flows northward to Süpplingenburg then turns westward and joins the Oker at Schwülper downstream of Braunschweig (Brunswick). Another municipality on the Schunter is Lehre. The river was first mentioned as Schuntra in a 781 deed. The name may be of Slavic origin as sukątora means with many angles.
 Wolf Creek is a creek in the United States state of Virginia.
 Puka Pampa River (Quechua puka red pampa plain red plain hispanicized spelling Puca Pampa) is a Bolivian river in the Chuquisaca Department Sud Cinti Province Culpina Municipality. It is a left tributary of the Pilaya River an important right affluent of the Pillku Mayu.The river flows along the villages Sala Mayu Puka Pampa and Taruka Kancha. Its main direction is to the south.
 Lake Voulismeni (Greek: Λίμνη Βουλισμένη Límni Voulisméni) is a former sweetwater small lake later connected to the sea located at the centre of the town of Agios Nikolaos on the Greek island of Crete It has a circular shape of a diameter of 137 m and depth 64 m. The locals refer to it as just the lake. The lake connects to the harbour of the town by a channel dug in 1870.
 Núi Cốc Lake (Vietnamese: hồ Núi Cốc) is a man-made lake approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) west of the city of Thái Nguyên in Thái Nguyên Province Vietnam in Tam Đảo National Park. It is a popular visitor attraction on account of the legend associated with the 89 islands within the lake.
 Lake Vegoritida (Greek: Λίμνη Βεγορίτιδα Limni Vegoritida) also known in the past as Lake Ostrovo (Greek: Λίμνη Οστρόβου) is a large natural lake of western Macedonia northern Greece. It is situated 6 km northeast of Amyntaio and 18 km west of Edessa at 540 m elevation. The Voras Mountains lie to the north.
 The Murgașul Mare River is a tributary of the Călineşti River in Romania.
 The Gligul River is a tributary of the Negrişoara River in Romania
 Taypi Chaka Quta (Aymara taypi center middle chaka bridge quta lake middle bridge lake hispanicized spellings Taypi Chaca Kkota Taypi Chaka Kkota) is a lake west of the Cordillera Real of Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Pukarani Municipality Tuquia Canton on the border to Batallas Municipality.
 Lago di Poschiavo is a natural lake in the Poschiavo valley in the canton of Grisons Switzerland. The lake with a volume of 120 mio m³ is used as a reservoir.
 Monte Taccone is a mountain located between Liguria and Piedmont north-western Italy; it's part of the Ligurian Appennines.
 The Dobârca River is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 Dabbahu Volcano (also Boina Boyna or Moina) is an active volcano located in the remote Afar Region of Ethiopia. This stratovolcano is part of the Afar Triangle (Afar Depression) a highly active volcanic region which includes Erta Ale. An eruption on September 26 2005 created a large fissure in the ground known as the Dabbahu fissure.
 The Dent de Crolles is a karstic mountain (2062m) of the Chartreuse Mountains range 17 km north east from Grenoble Isère (France). It has a characteristic tooth-like profile which is well-known sight of the Isère Valley (Grésivaudan) seen from the Grenoble area. It is named from the town of Crolles just below .
 Lake Tali Karng is the only natural lake in the Victorian Alps. It is the only deep lake in Victoria and is 14 hectares (35 acres) in area. Unlike alpine lakes in the Snowy Mountains it was not created by glaciers; rather than being made 10000 years ago it was formed by a landslide 1500 years ago this falling from the Sentinel which is 700 metres (2300 ft) above the valley. The landslide dammed the Wellington River with the area of the landslide now known as the Valley of Destruction.
 The Sabattus River is an 11.4-mile-long (18.3 km) tributary of the Androscoggin River in Maine. It rises at the outlet of Sabattus Pond in the town of Sabattus and flows south into the town of Lisbon reaching the Androscoggin just southeast of Lisbon Center and about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) upstream (northwest) of Lisbon Falls. Via the Androscoggin River water from the Sabattus River flows to the Kennebec River at Merrymeeting Bay and ultimately to the Atlantic Ocean.
 Alsterån is a river in Sweden.
 The Zamora River (Spanish: Río Zamora) is a tributary of the Santiago River (Peru) located in the south-east of Ecuador. Historically it was known to the Spanish as Yaya Mayu (Father River) from the river's name among a group of Shuar encountered nearby.The sources of the Zamora River are in the Podocarpus National Park specifically at the Nudo de Cajanuma. The river then descends towards the city of Loja.
 The Kichmenga (Russian: Кичменьга Кичменга) is a river in Kichmengsko-Gorodetsky and Velikoustyugsky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Yug River. It is 208 kilometres (129 mi) long and the area of its basin 2330 square kilometres (900 sq mi).
 Topaz Lake is a reservoir located on the California-Nevada border about 75 miles (121 km) south of Reno. The census-designated place of Topaz Lake Nevada is located along its northwest shore.The modern reservoir was formed by diverting waters from the West Walker River into a nearby basin that had previously contained a smaller natural lake.
 The Branco River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Washougal River is a 33-mile (53 km) tributary of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. Its headwaters and upper 21 miles (34 km) are in Skamania County in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest and its lower 12 miles (19 km) are in Clark County.
 The Pagee River rises on the south eastern flank of Berry Hill (a 1655 ft (504 m) summit) just below the 1000 ft (300 m) contour at 18.29488°N 76.92817°W﻿ / 18.29488; -76.92817 near Crawle Pen in Saint Mary. It reaches the sea 14 miles (23 km) later at Pagee Beach (18.36845°N 76.87935°W﻿ / 18.36845; -76.87935) also in Saint Mary.
 The Șipot River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 Øyangen is a lake in the municipality of Nord-Fron in Oppland county Norway.
 Dove Lake is a corrie lake near Cradle Mountain in Tasmania Australia. It lies in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park. The lake is a very popular visitor attraction and is encircled by well maintained walking paths which also lead up onto Cradle Mountain.Like several other lakes in the region Lake Dove was formed by glaciation. The habitat is unique and includes the Tasmanian deciduous beech (Nothofagus gunnii) tussock grasses snow gums and pencil pines.
 Åraksfjorden is a lake in the municipality of Bygland in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is part of the Otra drainage basin. The villages of Frøysnes and Skåmedal are located along the western side and on the eastern side are the villages of Sandnes and Åraksbø.The name of the lake was given because it is located near Åraksbø. The central part of the lake is also called the Sandnesfjord and the southern part is also called the Blåfjord.
 The Horned Toad Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert in southeastern Kern County California.
 Großschweidnitzer Wasser is a river of Saxony Germany.
 False Creek is a short inlet in the heart of Vancouver. It separates downtown from the rest of the city. It was named by George Henry Richards during his Hydrographic survey of 1856-63. Science World is located at its eastern end and the Burrard Street Bridge crosses its western end. False Creek is also spanned by the Granville Street and Cambie bridges. The Canada Line tunnel crosses underneath False Creek just west of the Cambie Bridge.
 Mukhavets (Belarusian: Мухаве́ц (Muchaviec) [muxaˈvʲets]; Polish: Muchawiec BGN/PCGN romanization: Mukhavyets) is a river in western Belarus a tributary to the Bug River.The river rises in Pruzhany Belarus where the Mukha river and the Viets canal are converging flows in the south-western Belarus and empties into the Bug River in Brest.The river is 113 km long. The basin area is 6600 km².The river is connected with the Dnieper river by the Dnieper-Bug Canal.
 The Piceala River is a tributary of the Iapa River in Romania.
 Lake Czorsztyn (Polish: Jezioro Czorsztyńskie) is a man-made reservoir on the Dunajec river southern Poland between the Pieniny and the Gorce Mountains. It owes its existence to a dam which is located in the village of Niedzica.The dam itself was completed in 1995. Its measurements are: 56 meters high 400 meters long and 7 meters wide on top. The lake has the area ranging from 415 km2. to 1335 km2. Usually its area is app. 11 km2. with the length of 9 kilometers and width of 15 km.
 Lac de Divonne is an artificial lake at Divonne-les-Bains France. The lake has a surface area of approx. 40 ha (99 acres).
 McIndoes Reservoir is a 545-acre (2.21 km2) impoundment on the Connecticut River located on the boundary between Vermont and New Hampshire in northern New England. The dam forming the reservoir connects the communities of McIndoe Falls Vermont and Monroe New Hampshire. When the roadway re-opens the Monroe Road will again connect to the Frazier Road linking U.S. Highway 5 in Vermont with NH Route 135.
 The Rivière Montrouis is a river of Haiti.
 Hindutash also known as Hindu-tagh Pass is a historical mountain pass in the western Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region (formerly Chinese Turkestan) of the People's Republic of China.
 The Wiesensee (German pronunciation: [ˈviːzənzeː]) is an artificial lake dammed up in 1971 in the Westerwald low mountain range. The lake covers about 80 hectares and lies in the area of Stahlhofen am Wiesensee's various centres on the lake's west shore and Pottum on the north shore in the Westerwaldkreis. The community of Winnen borders on the lake to the southeast.
 Eagle Creek is a 58.5-mile-long (94.1 km) river located 50 miles (80 km) northwest of Clifton Arizona USA at the base of the White Mountain Range. It is a tributary of the Gila River.
 Lago del Turano (Latin Tolenus) is a lake in Province of Rieti Lazio Italy. At an elevation of 536 m its surface area is 5.6 km².
 The Castletown River is a river which flows through the town of Dundalk County Louth Ireland. It rises near Newtownhamilton County Armagh Northern Ireland and is known as the Creggan River in its upper reaches. Its two main tributaries are the Kilcurry and Falmore rivers and it enters the Irish Sea at Dundalk Bay on the east coast of Ireland. The Castletown River flows in at the northwest corner of Dundalk Bay creating a deep channel through the intertidal zone.
 Lake Morat (French: Lac de Morat (official name); German: Murtensee) is a lake located in the cantons of Fribourg and Vaud in the west of Switzerland. It is named after the small town of Murten/Morat on its southern shore. Its official name in switzerland is Lake Morat.It is the smallest of the three lakes in the Seeland or Pays des trois lacs area of the Swiss plateau located at the foot of the first chain of the Jura mountains. The main tributary is the river Broye.
 The Wichelplanggstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps located near the Susten Pass in the canton of Uri. It lies just south of the Grassengrat where the border with the canton of Obwalden runs.
 Kailasa redirects here. For the band see Kailasa (band)Mount Kailash (also Mount Kailas); (Tibetan: གངས་རིན་པོ་ཆེSanskrit: कैलास Kangrinboqê or Gang Rinpoche; simplified Chinese: 冈仁波齐峰 Gāngrénbōqí fēng) is a peak in the Kailas Range (Gangdisê Mountains) which are part of the Transhimalaya in Tibet.
 Wards Pass (1145 m or 3757 ft above sea level) is an alpine pass located in the Rachel Range of the Inland Kaikoura Ranges of New Zealand's northern South Island.
 Rushall Junction (grid reference SP030947) is the southern limit of the Rushall Canal where it meets the Tame Valley Canal in the West Midlands England. It opened in 1847 when the Rushall Canal was built to create connections between the Birmingham Canal Navigations system and the Wyrley and Essington Canal following the amalgamation of the two companies in 1840.
 Lago dei Cavagnöö is a lake in the municipality of Bignasco Ticino Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.46 km².The arch dam Cavagnoli has a height 111 m. It was completed in 1968.
 Ytre Sula (also called Nordviksula) is a mountain in the municipality of Surnadal in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It lies just north of Todalsøra and the Todalsfjorden.Ytre Sula meaning Outer Sula lies next to Indre Sula meaning Inner Sula. The route from Ytre Sula to Indre Sula is scrambling.
 The Vijiștea River is a tributary of the Teleorman River in Romania.
 Lake Whitney is a lake in Hamden Connecticut that is a part of the Mill River. The lake was a water source for the New Haven Connecticut metro area until it was discontinued in the early 1990s. Now with a new water treatment facility rated for up to 15 million gallons a day Lake Whitney has been reconnected as a reserve water source for the South Central Connecticut Regional Water Authority.
 The Ioaniș River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 Grand Pass is a mountain pass in the Olympic Mountains in the state of Washington. It is in the Olympic National Park.
 Monte Pruno is a mountain in the southern Cilento region of the Province of Salerno in the Campania region of southern Italy. It is 879 metres (2884 ft) above sea level.
 The Jaqueri River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Haringvliet is a large inlet of the North Sea in the province of South Holland in the Netherlands. It is an important estuary of the Rhine-Meuse delta.Near Numansdorp the Hollands Diep splits into the Haringvliet and the Volkerak estuaries. It is closed off near Goedereede from the North Sea by the Haringvlietdam which provides a road connection between the island of Voorne to the north and the island of Goeree-Overflakkee to the south.
 The Head River is a river in the township of Ramara Simcoe County and the city of Kawartha Lakes in Southern Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and flows from northern Kawartha Lakes through Head Lake to the Black River east of Lake Couchiching. The Black River flows via the Severn River to Georgian Bay on Lake Huron.
 Mount Sashirui (サシルイ岳 Sashirui-dake) is a volcano located on the Shiretoko Peninsula in Hokkaido northeastern Japan.
 The Redeiu River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Sähre is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Hoveton Great Broad lies within The Broads in Norfolk England between Wroxham Broad and Salhouse Broad.The broad is connected to the River Bure but not open to boat traffic. A nature trail was laid out in 1968 - the first in the region. It is accessible only by boat. Mooring is allowed on the north bank of the Bure opposite Salhouse Broad.Natural England has established a Nature trail. From the boardwalk one can see the broad with its adjoining fens and alder carr.
 Garichtisee is a reservoir on Mettmenalp above Schwanden in the Canton of Glarus Switzerland. The lake's surface area is 0.16 km².
 The Madicea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Yueyaquan (Chinese: 月牙泉; pinyin: Yuèyá Quán) is a crescent-shaped lake in an oasis 6 km south of the city of Dunhuang in Gansu Province China.It was named Yueyaquan in the Qing Dynasty.
 The Run is a stream in the Dutch province of Noord-Brabant.
 The Valea Lungii River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 The 74-mile-long (119 km) Ocklawaha River flows north from central Florida until it joins the St. Johns River near Palatka. Its name is a corruption of ak-lowahe Creek for muddy.The historical and original source of the Ocklawaha River is Lake Griffin part of the Harris chain of lakes in Lake County Florida.
 Maynard Lake Nova Scotia is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada located in Dartmouth.
 Hatten i Lesja is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Karanji Lake (Kannada: ಕಾರಂಜಿ ಕೆರೆ) is a lake located in the city of Mysore in the state of Karnataka India. The lake is surrounded by a nature park consisting of a butterfly park and a walk-through aviary. This aviary is the biggest 'walk-through aviary' in India. There is also a museum the Regional Museum of Natural History which is located on the banks of this lake. The total area of Karanji lake is 90 hectares.
 Monte Zebio is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1819 metres.
 Baltieji Lakajai is a major lake of eastern Lithuania located about 12 miles east of Moletai in Labanoras Regional Park of Utena County. It is part of the Neris River basin an elongated lake in a west - east direction.
 The Stripsenkopf is a 1807 metre high mountain in the Kaisergebirge range of the Northern Limestone Alps in Austria. It belongs to the Zahmer Kaiser group and its summit is covered in mountain pine.
 Thomas Lake (Halifax) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. It is just a short distance north of Dartmouth townnext to the Veteran's Highway.
 The Güiza River is a river of Colombia. It drains into the Pacific Ocean via the Mira River.
 The Corbul Ucei River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Ka Loko Reservoir is a reservoir created by an earthen dam on the island of Kauai Hawaii. It is located on the north side of the island at 22°10′39″N 159°22′39″W. Waters flow from Ka Loko Reservoir down to Waiakalua Reservoir Waiakalua Stream and down to the Pacific Ocean.Ka Loko (sometimes spelled Kaloko) is notable because its dam burst on March 14 2006. The dam burst was preceded by unusually heavy rain.
 Nuttby Mountain is a Canadian peak in the Cobequid Mountains and the highest elevation point on the mainland portion of Nova Scotia.Located west of Route 311 north of Truro the peak is accessible by vehicle using a gated road and is topped by telecommunication towers and a forest fire surveillance tower. A 2007 proposal details plans to install over 20 wind turbines along the peak.
 The Chugush (Russian: Чугуш) is the highest mountain in Adygea Russia located in the Western Caucasus. Its height is 3238 meters. The mountain contains 10 glaciers covering an area of 1.2 km2. One of the glaciers feeds the Kisha River flowing toward the Belaya River.
 Phou Pha Thi (Phathi) is a Sacred Mountain in Laos believed…inhabited by great “phi” or spirits and used for the clandestine Lima Site 85 military installation during the Vietnam War. The installation was defeated in the March 10–11 1968 Battle of Lima Site 85 and from 1994-2004 searches for USAF remains were successfully conducted at the mountain. The mountain is 100 miles south of Dien Bien Phu 160 miles west of Hanoi and just 25 miles from the PL capital of Samneua.
 The Alămor River is a tributary of the Vișa River in Romania.
 Lake Ouiachic (also referred to as the Álvaro Obregón Reservoir) is located in the foothills of the Sierra Madre Occidental and is created by the Álvaro Obregón Dam. Lake Ouiachic is fed by and drained by the Yaqui River. The dam was completed in 1952 with the purpose to regulate water flow of the Yaqui River prevent floods and generate electricity. Lake Ouiachic is also an expanding tourist and resort area specializing in fishing boating and water skiing.
 The Scaduza River is a tributary of the Cârpeștii Mici River in Romania.
 Tai Mun Shan (Chinese: 大蚊山) lies to the west of Tai Long Wan near Chek King on the Sai Kung Peninsula in Hong Kong. The hill comprises a rounded peak which rises to a height 307 metres.[citation needed]The name translates as the Big Hill of the Mosquitoes.
 The Alegre River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Miami River is a stream approximately 13 miles (21 km) long on the coast of northwest Oregon in the United States. It drains a mountainous timbered region of the Northern Oregon Coast Range west of Portland into Pacific Ocean.The river rises in northern Tillamook County in the Tillamook State Forest and flows generally southwest entering the north end of Tillamook Bay near Garibaldi.
 Gobulsan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 310 metres.
 Tsimlyansk Reservoir or Tsimlyanskoye Reservoir (Russian: Цимля́нское водохрани́лище) is an artificial lake on the Don River in the territories of Rostov and Volgograd Oblasts at 47°50′N 42°50′E. Completed in 1952 the reservoir is one of the largest in Russia providing power and irrigation to the Rostov and Volgograd regions.
 The Swist is a brook in North Rhine-Westphalia and Rhineland-Palatinate Germany. It rises in Rhineland-Palatinate at the Eifel on 330 m sealevel. The brook is 436 km long and joins the Erft at the mouth in North Rhine-Westphalia. It flows through the municipality Swisttal the town Meckenheim and Flerzheim a local part of the town Rheinbach. In this area are many cycle paths at the edge of the brook. The Swist gave its name to the municipality of Swisttal and the town of Weilerswist.
 The Urșani River is a tributary of the Luncavăţ River in Romania.
 South Saddle Mountain is the tallest mountain in Washington County Oregon.Part of the Oregon Coast Range the peak is located in the Tillamook State Forest in the northwest section of the state of Oregon. It is the eighth highest peak of the Oregon Coast Range.
 The Pinnacles el. 6545 feet (1995 m) is a set of mountain peaks within the Big Belt Mountains east of Craig Montana in Cascade County Montana.
 Hammer Lake is a hammer-shaped lake in Ontario Canada located between White River and Wawa.Activities at Hammer Lake include canoeing fishing blueberry-picking swimming and picnicking. Loons beavers and chipmunks are common and moose are occasionally sighted as well. Mosquitoes are abundant.There are many privately owned cabins around the lake which have neither electricity nor running water.
 The Red Pyke River is a river in northern Fiordland New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Pyke River rising east of Telescope Hill and flowing southwards to join the Pyke River at Pyke Gorge west of Red Mountain.
 Army Peak (also known as Nelson Butte) is a summit in the Nome Census Area Alaska United States. Its name likely derives from the United States Army's presence in the area after the establishment of Fort Davis in 1900.It is 7 miles (11 km) northeast of the city of Nome. The name was first reported in 1900 by J. F. Pratt of the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on March 31 1981.
 Pollux (4092 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps on the border between Valais Switzerland and the Aosta Valley in Italy. It is the lower of a pair of twin peaks (Zwillinge) the other being Castor named after the Gemini twins of Roman mythology. It is separated from Castor by a pass at 3845 m (12615 ft) named the Passo di Verra in Italian and the Zwillingsjoch in German.
 The Budele River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 The Dauphiné Prealps (Préalpes du Dauphiné in French) are a mountain range in the south-western part of the Alps. They are located in Rhône-Alpes and marginally in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur (south-eastern France). Dauphiné Prealps are the central section of the French Prealps.
 Wachwa (Quechua for Andean Goose hispanicized spelling Huachhua) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5300 metres (17388 ft) high. It is situated in the Lima Region Huarochiri Province Carampoma District. Wachwa lies southwest of the mountain Millpu and southeast of the lake Wachwaqucha (Quechua for Andean Goose lake hispanicized Huachuguacocha).
 The Schindelkopf (629 m above sea level) in the Harz Mountains of central Germany is a southwestern outlier of the mountain ridge known as Auf dem Acker (865.1 m). It is located near the town of Osterode am Harz within the unincorporated area of Harz which is in the county of Osterode am Harz in the state of Lower Saxony.
 The Purcari River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Arroyo de Abejuela is a river of the Province of Albacete Spain. It is a small river that crosses the municipalities of Letur and Férez in the province of Albacete. It is a tributary of the La Mora Brook.
 The Sabău River is a tributary of the Agârcia River in Romania.
 Juxkopf is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Big Gun (Irish: an Gunna Mór) also called Lackagarrin is the tenth-highest mountain peak in Ireland at 939 metres (3081 ft) high. It is in the eastern part of the MacGillycuddy's Reeks in County Kerry at grid reference V840845. To the southwest is Cnoc na Péiste and to the north is Cruach Mhór. At its foot are the lakes of Lough Cummeenapeasta and Lough Googh.
 The Klip River is the main river draining the portion of Johannesburg south of the Witwatersrand and its basin includes the Johannesburg CBD and Soweto. The mouth of the river is at Vereeniging where it empties into the Vaal River which is a tributary to the Orange River. Besides Vereeniging other towns along the river include Henley on Klip and Meyerton.
 The Covaci River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Hovatn is a lake in the municipality of Bygland in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is part of the Otra river drainage basin. The lake is regulated and is used by the Hovatn hydroelectric power plant. The dam has an outlet into the Hovassåne river which empties into the Åraksfjorden near Åraksbø.Lake Hovatn is located just to the west of lake Topsæ which is in the Tovdalselva drainage basin.
 For other places called Bonny Lake or Bonney Lake see Lake Bonney disambiguation page.Lake Bonney S.E is a coastal lake in the south east of South Australia. It is one of the largest freshwater lakes in Australia. The lake is located 450 km (280 mi) south east of Adelaide and 13 km (8 mi) south west of Millicent. The Canunda National Park lies adjacent to the lake shore.
 Carter Dome is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Carter-Moriah Range of the White Mountains which runs along the northern east side of Pinkham Notch. Carter Dome is flanked to the northeast by Mount Hight and to the southwest by Wildcat Mountain (across Carter Notch). The origins of Carter Dome's name is unknown.
 The Guáitara River is a river of Colombia. It drains into the Pacific Ocean via the Patía River.
 The Huahum River or Río Huahum (Spanish pronunciation: [waˈum] Pronounced: /wɑːuːm/ WAH-oom) as it is known locally is a river in southern Chile and Argentina. It drains the waters of Lácar Lake in Argentina to Pirihueico Lake in Chile. The river gives name to Huahum Pass an international mountain pass on the border between Chile and Argentina.
 The Valea Albă River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
 Jabal al Habil is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Eisch is a river flowing through Belgium and Luxembourg joining the Alzette on its left in Mersch. It flows through the towns of Eischen Hobscheid Septfontaines and Marienthal.It has several sources near the villages of Sélange (Belgium) and Clemency (Luxembourg).The Luxembourgish part of the Eisch is informally known as the 'Valley of the Seven Castles' for the seven castles that line its route.
 The South Saskatchewan River is a major river in Canada that flows through the provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan.For the first half of the 20th century the South Saskatchewan would completely freeze over during winter creating spectacular ice breaks and dangerous conditions in Saskatoon Medicine Hat and elsewhere. At least one bridge in Saskatoon was destroyed by ice carried by the river.
 The Serranía del Pinche are part of the West Andes of Colombia. The mountains consist of several high peaks with small patches of isolated páramo and provide a corridor between the Pacific and Andean biogeographic regions. It is located municipality of Argelia in the Department of Cauca. This area is under consideration for protection as a Flora and Fauna Sanctuary by the Colombian government. This area is important for its incredible biodiversity and high percentage of primary forest.
 Lago del Predil is a lake in the Province of Udine Friuli-Venezia Giulia Italy near Slovenian border. At an elevation of 969 m its surface area is 1 km².
 Nižná Hutka (Hungarian: Alsóhutka) is a village and municipality in Košice-okolie District in the Kosice Region of eastern Slovakia.
 Lake Arbi (Estonian: Arbi järv; also known as Elva Väikejärv) is a 6 ha (15 acres) lake in the middle of the town of Elva in southern Estonia. The lake is 42.5 m (139 ft) above sea-level.
 The Mikulov Highlands (Czech: Mikulovská vrchovina) is a mountain range in South Moravia Czech Republic. The Highlands together with the Waschberg Zone and Lower Austria Inselberg threshold form the South-Moravian Carpathians.
 Grüner See is a lake in Wiehengebirge Landkreis Osnabrück Lower Saxony Germany. At an elevation of ca. 145 metres (476 ft) its surface area is ca. 0.1 hectares (0.25 acre).
 Carrauntoohil or Carrantuohill (/ˌkærənˈtuːl/ from Irish: Corrán Tuathail) is the highest peak in Ireland. Located in County Kerry it is 1038 metres (3406 ft) high and is the central peak of the Macgillycuddy's Reeks range. There are two other peaks in this range higher than 1000 m—Beenkeragh (1010 m) and Caher (1001 m). The peak of Carrauntoohil is topped by a large metal cross 5 metres (16 ft) tall. Carrauntoohil is classed as a Furth by the Scottish Mountaineering Club i.e.
 The Holbav River is a tributary of the Şercaia River in Romania.
 Sri Ram Sagar is a reservoir across the River Godavari near Nirmal town in Andhra Pradesh India.The reservoir is formed by the Pochampad Dam. It was built up to serve the farmers of Telangana Region of Andhra Pradesh. When completed it could hold 120 Million Cubic Metres of water at its peak. Its back waters extended into the neighboring state of Maharashtra at least 150 kilometres (93 mi) from the actual site of the dam.
 Shahryar is a crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Shahryar was first seen in Voyager 2 images but was seen at much higher resolution by the Cassini spacecraft. It is located at 58.3° North Latitude 227.5° West Longitude and is 24 kilometres (15 mi) across. Despite being nearly the same size as the nearby Sindbad crater Shahryar does not exhibit a dome-like structure on its floor suggesting it has not undergone significant viscous relaxation.
 Sullivan's Pond is a small artificial lake located in the community of Dartmouth in Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality.The pond is located a half kilometre northeast of Halifax Harbour at Dartmouth Cove as part of the Shubenacadie Canal system. It is the first water body in the canal system when heading from the harbour to the Bay of Fundy and was constructed as a holding pond for southbound vessels wishing to transit the remaining distance to the harbour.
 Lake Solitude 2510 feet (770 m) is a highland tarn located at the top of Sunapee Ridge between the main summit of Mount Sunapee and South Peak. The lake 4.61 acres (18656 m²) is approximately 832 feet (254 m) long by 383 feet (117 m) wide and is located within Newbury New Hampshire and Mount Sunapee State Park. A popular hiking destination Lake Solitude is accessible via the 50-mile (80 km) Monadnock-Sunapee Greenway Trail.
 The Pleșa River is a tributary of the Meleş River in Romania.
 Penpol Creek is a tidal creek which is a tributary of the River Fowey in Cornwall England UK. It lies between the parishes of St Veep and Lanteglos-by-Fowey. The tidal limit is at the bridge at lower Penpol.
 The Tutuaca River is a river of Mexico.
 The Lăpușnicel River is a tributary of the Craiova River in Romania.
 Kivesjärvi is a medium-sized lake in Paltamo Finland. Its average depth is four metres and the deepest point is sixteen metres deep. There is a village of the same name on the coast of the lake. The lake's area is 27 square kilometres. It is the 136th biggest lake in Finland. The lake has many islands and islets.Kivesjärvi is a bifurcation lake because there are two outflows: the original route is river Alanteenjoki to the lake Alanteenjärvi.
 The Fleșcuța River is a tributary of the Corlatu River in Romania.
 The Vașar River is a tributary of the Talomir River in Romania.
 Uvas Reservoir is a reservoir in Santa Clara County California U.S.A. created in 1957 by the construction of Uvas Dam across Uvas Creek.A 626-acre county park surrounds the reservoir and provides limited fishing (catch-and-release) picnicking and hiking activities. Boating is not permitted in the reservoir.
 Nairamdal Peak or Friendship Peak (Mongolian: Найрамдал оргил Nairamdal Peak; Chinese: 友谊峰 Youyi Feng) is the one of five peaks of the Tavan Bogd mountain and it marks the border tripoint between Russia Mongolia and China. The Peak towers at the elevation of 4180 m ( 13714 ft).
 The Sâi River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Florabach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Nant-y-Ffrith refers to a stream and the wooded valley through which it flows on the border between Flintshire and Wrexham County Borough in Wales. The stream begins in moorland to the east of Llandegla. It passes Bwlchgwyn village before entering a rather steep-sided rocky valley. It passes under the viaduct of a disused railway line before joining the River Cegidog at Ffrith.The woodlands contain some deciduous trees but are dominated by recent conifer plantations.
 Lake Alexander is a lake in Southeast Alaska 3 miles (4.8 km) West of Mole Harbor on East coast of Admiralty Island; 61 miles (98 km) North-East of Sitka Alaska in the Alexander Archipelago.The lake was named in the Alexander Alaska Expedition of 1907 for Annie Montague Alexander founder of the expedition.
 Powell Glacier is located in the Sierra Nevada Range in the U.S. state of California. Just to the northeast of Mount Powell (13364 ft (4073 m)) the glacier is within the John Muir Wilderness of Inyo National Forest at an elevation of 12523 ft (3817 m).
 Osaka Bay (大阪湾 Ōsaka-wan) is a bay in western Japan. As an eastern part of the Inland Sea it is separated from the Pacific Ocean by the Kii Channel and from the neighbor western part of the Inland Sea by the Akashi Strait.
 The Șomcuta River is a tributary of the Bârsău River in Romania.
 Lac de Bellefontaine is a lake at Bellefontaine in the Jura department of France. The lake located close to Lac des Mortes.
 Llyn Elsi is a lake located above the village of Betws-y-coed in the Snowdonia National Park in North Wales. It is a reservoir providing water for the village.There is a path round the lake and at a height of over 700 ft it affords good views to the north-west towards the mountain ranges of the Carneddau and the Glyderau. Snowdon itself is not visible behind the mass of Moel Siabod.The 20 ft dam was built in 1914 but even so the lake only has a maximum depth of some 31 ft.
 The Bichigiu River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 The Santo Antônio River (Iguazu River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Mount Fuppushi (風不死岳 Fuppushi-dake) is dormant volcano located in Shikotsu-Toya National Park in Hokkaidō Japan. It sits adjacent to Mount Tarumae and opposite Mount Eniwa. Mount Fuppushi is on the south shore of Lake Shikotsu the caldera lake that spawned the volcanoes.
 The Bălteni River is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania.
 Cabramatta Creek an urban watercourse of the Georges River catchment is located in the south-western region of Sydney in New South Wales Australia.
 Mount Oklahoma elevation 13852 ft (4222 m) is a summit in the Sawatch Range of central Colorado. The peak is in the Mount Massive Wilderness southwest of Leadville.
 The Barza River is a tributary of the Râul Câinelui in Romania.
 The Parsnip River is a 240 km long river in central British Columbia Canada. It flows generally north-westward from the Parsnip Glacier in the Hart Ranges to the Parsnip Reach of Williston Lake formed by the impounding of the waters of the Peace River by the W.A.C. Bennett Dam in 1968. Prior to that the Parsnip joined with the Finlay River to form the Peace at Finlay Forks with both sharing an alignment along the Rocky Mountain Trench.
 The Pârâul Crucii is a tributary of the Braia River in Romania.
 The Suricu River is a tributary of the Pintic River in Romania.
 The Tula Mountains are a group of extensive mountains lying immediately eastward of Amundsen Bay in Enderby Land Antarctica. They were discovered on January 14 1930 by the British Australian New Zealand Antarctic Research Expedition (BANZARE) under Mawson and named Tula Range by him after John Biscoe's brig the Tula from which Biscoe discovered Enderby Land in 1831.
 Ross Creek is an estuary inlet within the city of Townsville Queensland. It separates the Townsville CBD from Ross Island. The only passage across Ross Creek was by ferry until Victoria Bridge was completed in 1889.
 The Tour de Mayen (2326 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located north of Leysin in the canton of Vaud. It lies east of the Tour d'Aï on the range lying between the lake of Hongrins and the valley of Ormont Dessous and Ormont Dessus.
 Hawkin Hall Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Corang River is a perennial river of the Shoalhaven catchment located in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Water resources management in El Salvador is characterized by difficulties in addressing severe water pollution throughout much of the country's surface waters due to untreated discharges of agricultural domestic and industrial run off. The river that drains the capital city of San Salvador is considered to be polluted beyond the capability of most treatment procedures. El Salvador has ample groundwater and partly relies on these supplies for domestic purposes.
 Mount Tondano in the province of North Sulawesi Sulawesi Indonesia has a 20 × 30 km wide caldera which was formed in the Late Miocene or Early Plioceneformed by a massive eruption. Post caldera activity includes Pyroclastic cones obsidian flows and geothermal areas in the caldera area.
 Mount Humphreys is a mountain peak in the Sierra Nevada on the Fresno-Inyo county line in the U.S. state of California. It is the 14th highest peak in California and the highest peak in the Bishop area. The mountain was named by the California Geological Survey of 1873 for Andrew A. Humphreys the chief engineer of the United States Army at the time.
 Grays Lake is a 80-acre (32 ha) kettle lake located in the Village of Grayslake in Lake County Illinois.
 The Green River is a tributary of the Heart River approximately 20 mi (32 km) long in western North Dakota in the United States.It rises in the prairie country of southwestern Billings County near Saddle Buttes and flows ESE past New Hradec and joins the Heart near Gladstone.
 Hoh Glacier is a glacier on Mount Olympus in the Olympic National Park in Jefferson County of the U.S. state of Washington. It is the source of the Hoh River. Hoh Glacier is the longest glacier on Mount Olympus at 3.06 miles (4.93 km) though it is smaller in volume than Blue Glacier.
 The Blue River (also known as the Big Blue River) is a 39.8-mile-long (64.1 km) stream that flows through Johnson County Kansas and Jackson County Missouri in the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. The river rises in Johnson County near the border of the states of Kansas and Missouri. Crossing the city of Kansas City Missouri it empties into the Missouri River near the border between Kansas City and Independence Missouri.One of its major tributaries is Brush Creek.
 Hajikabul is the largest lake of Azerbaijan. It is located to the south-west of Baku near Shirvan city in Hajigabul Rayon not far from a railway station. Its total area is 1668 ha maximal length - 6 km maximal width - 3 km and depth - 5 m. The lake is supplied by waters of the Kura River with a special channel. Temperature of water hesitates between 5 °C and 285 °C. Pellucidity of water is between 006 and 25 m.
 The Birbir River of southwestern Ethiopia is a tributary of the Baro River which it creates when it joins the Gebba at latitude and longitude 8°14′28″N 34°57′39″E. It is politically important because its course defines part of the boundary between the Mirab Welega and Illubabor Zones of the Oromia Region.Richard Pankhurst notes that the Birbir is important for discovery in 1904 of deposits of platinum along its course.
 Yangcheng Lake (Chinese: 阳澄湖; pinyin: Yángchéng Hú) is a freshwater lake about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) northeast of the city of Suzhou in Jiangsu Province China. It is the most famous area of origin for the Chinese mitten crabs which are a considered a delicacy. Yangchen lake is located between Lake Tai and the Yangtze River. It crosses the boundary of the cities Suzhou Changshu and Kunshan and has a surface area of about 20 square kilometres (7.7 sq mi).
 The Tumusla River is a river of Bolivia in the Potosí Department (Antonio Quijarro Province Nor Chichas Province) as well as in the Chuquisaca Department (Nor Cinti Province Sud Cinti Province). It gets waters from the Los Frailes and Chichas mountain ranges. Upstream the river is named Yura and Toropalca.
 Round Lake is the last part of a chain of eutrophic prairie lakes connected by the Qu'Appelle River in Saskatchewan formed by glaciation 10000 years ago.The lake harbors recreational activities including camping boating and fishing. Cabins can be rented or bought along the shores of the lake. Camping is provided at Bird's Point Resort.
 Albategnius is an ancient lunar impact crater located in the central highlands. It is named after the Latin nickname for the Muslim astronomer and scientist Muhammad ibn Jābir al-Harrānī al-Battānī.
 The Dingman River is the name for a portion of the Intermediate River in Antrim County Michigan. The Dingman River flows 2.7 miles (4.3 km) from Scotts Lake northwest to Sixmile Lake entirely within Echo Township. Via the Elk River Chain of Lakes water from the Dingman River flows to Grand Traverse Bay on Lake Michigan.
 Nazko Cone is a small potentially active basaltic cinder cone in central British Columbia Canada located 75 km west of Quesnel and 150 kilometers southwest of Prince George. It is considered the easternmost volcano in the Anahim Volcanic Belt. The small tree-covered cone rises 120 m above the Chilcotin-Nechako Plateau and rests on glacial till. It was formed in three episodes of activity the first of which took place during the Pleistocene interglacial stage about 340000 years ago.
 Paradise Peak at 9798 feet (2986 m) above sea level is a peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest in Camas County. It is located in the watersheds of Paradise and Emma creeks and the South Fork of the Boise River. It is about 4 mi (6.4 km) northwest of Skillern Peak 0.35 mi (0.56 km) northwest of Paradise Lake and 1.2 mi (1.9 km) west of Snowslide Lake. No roads or trails go to the summit.
 The Salat (Occitan: Salat) is a river in southern France a right tributary of the Garonne. It rises in nine points above the hamlet Salau in the municipality Couflens on the slopes of Mont Rouch central Pyrenees. The former Gascon province of Couserans is based on its valley.
 Storebotteggi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The River Isle (also known as the River Ile) flows from its source near Combe St Nicholas through Somerset England and discharges into the River Parrett south of Langport near Midelney.Several small springs merge into the river near Wadeford it then flows north past Donyatt Ilminster Puckington and Isle Abbotts before joining the Parrett.
 The Tigăile River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 The Schneealpe or Schneealm is a limestone massif in the Northern Limestone Alps on the Styrian-Lower Austrian border.Its highest point is the Windberg at 1903 metres above sea level.
 The Salinas is a river in Guatemala. The river is called Chixoy River from its sources (located at 15.270358°N 91.413717°W﻿ / 15.270358; -91.413717﻿ (Sources of the Río Negro)) in the highlands of Huehuetenango and El Quiché until it reaches the Chixoy hydroelectric dam (located at 15.281536°N 90.490952°W﻿ / 15.281536; -90.490952﻿ (Chixoy Hidroelectric Dam)) where the Río Salama and Rio Carchela converge with the Río Negro.
 Kupferbach (Berka) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Ächerli Pass (el. 1398 m.) is a high mountain pass between the cantons of Obwalden and Nidwalden.It connects Kerns in the canton of Obwalden and Dallenwil in the canton of Nidwalden. The pass road has grades of up to 15 percent. From the road peaks such as Pilatus Rigi Buochserhorn Titlis and Stanserhorn are visible.
 The Boone River is a tributary of the Des Moines River in north-central Iowa in the United States. It is 111 miles (179 km) long and drains an area of 895 square miles (2320 km2). Via the Des Moines River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.The Boone River rises near Britt in western Hancock County and flows generally southwardly through Wright Hamilton and Webster counties past Goldfield and Webster City.
 The Arpășel River is a tributary of the Arpaș River in Romania.
 Forsån (Swedish: Rapids' Stream) is a stream in southern Stockholm Sweden. It is also known as Stortorpsån and Forsen.Leaving lake Magelungen calmly by a small sandy beach Forsån's upper reach passes through a furrow blown in the 1860s to lower the level of the lake resulting in the present wide torrents passing through the bedrock. In contrast the last 500 metres of the course are characterized by flat shores and stagnant overgrown waters.
 The Little Elk River is a 29.4-mile-long (47.3 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in Morrison County Minnesota United States.
 The Col de la Croix Fry (1467 m (4813 ft)) is a mountain pass located in the Chaîne des Aravis between Manigod and La Clusaz in the Haute-Savoie department of France. The road over the col is used occasionally by the Tour de France cycle race with the tour crossing the pass on Stage 19 of the 2013 Tour. At the summit is the village of La Croix Fry.
 Naßfeld Pass (Italian: Passo di Pramollo) is a 1552 m high mountain pass in Austria in the Carnic Alps in the Bundesland of Carinthia leading into Italy.It connects the Gail River valley with Italian Valcanale. The surrounding peaks are the Gartnerkofel (2195 m.) the Roßkofel (2240 m.) and the Trogkofel (2280 m.).On the Austrian side is the largest ski resort in Carinthia.
 Casenare River (Spanish pronunciation: [kasaˈnaɾe]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Valea Gâlceștilor River or Gâlcești River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
 Mount Çika (Albanian: Mali i Çikës) is a mountain in the south-western region of Albania bordering the Ionian Sea. The highest peaks of Çika are Maja e Çikës the highest peak of the Ceraunian Range standing at 2044m above sea level and Maja e Qorrës at 2018m. Since the mountain is situated bordering the Ionian sea it appears to be very high as it begins to rise at sea level(0m). The northern part of Çika is part of Llogara National Park. The port city of Vlora is 40 km north-west of Çika.
 The Crasnița River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The South Thompson River is the southern branch of the Thompson River the largest tributary of the Fraser River in the of the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 Great Blue Hill (Native Americans called it Massachusett) is a hill of 635 feet (194 m) located within the Blue Hills Reservation in Milton and Canton Massachusetts 10 miles (15 km) southwest of downtown Boston. It is the highest point in Norfolk County. The modern name for the hill was given by early European explorers who while sailing along the coastline noticed the bluish hue of the exposed granite faces when viewed from a distance (due to Riebeckite).
 Lake Bogoria is a saline alkaline lake that lies in a volcanic region in a half-graben basin south of Lake Baringo Kenya a little north of the equator. Lake Bogoria like Lake Nakuru Lake Elmenteita and Lake Magadi further south in the Rift Valley and Lake Logipi to the north is home at times to one of the world's largest populations of Lesser Flamingos. The lake is a Ramsar site and Lake Bogoria National Reserve has been a protected National Reserve since November 29 1973.
 The Längfluh (also spelled Längflue) is a rocky outcrop of the Pennine Alps dividing the Fee Glacier above Saas Fee in the canton of Valais.The Längfluh is accessible by cable car and is part of a ski area.
 Lake Wahtopanah also known as Rivers Reservoir is a lake on the Little Saskatchewan River near the town of Rivers Manitoba. Its dam was built by the Prairie Farm Rehabilitation Administration in 1960 to supplement water supplies for irrigation. It also provides the water supply for the town of Rivers stock watering and recreation. The reservoir is about 2000 feet (610 m) wide and six miles (10 km) long. The deepest point is about 50 feet (15 m).
 The Brembo (Lombard: Brèmb or Brèmp) is a 74-kilometer (46 mi) Italian river a left tributary of the Adda which runs entirely within the Province of Bergamo in the Lombardy Region.The Brembo springs from the Bergamo Alps at the foot of Pizzo del Diavolo; on reaching Lenna it is united with a second branch which flows from the mountains of Mezzoldo.
 Wheatley is a crater on Venus at latitude 16.6 longitude 268 in Asteria Regio. It is 74.8 km in diameter and was named after Phillis Wheatley the first black writer of note in America (1753-1784).
 Lerbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Round Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island north of east end of Great Central Lake.
 Waubee Lake is a small lake situated 2 miles (3 km) southeast of Milford Kosciusko County Indiana United States.Waubee is typical in structure of natural lakes of the glaciated portions of the upper Midwest. Like other lakes in the general area Waubee is lined with vacation homes and year-round residences. Part of the extreme upper west shore is void of residences and borders farm land.
 Swargarohini is a mountain massif in the Bandarpunch Range of the Garhwal Himalaya. It lies in the Uttarkashi District of the northern Indian state of Uttarakhand west of the Gangotri group of peaks. It comprises four separate peaks; Swargarohini I is the main peak and is the subject of this article. While not particularly high by Himalayan standards and not the highest in the Bandarpunch range Swargarohini I is notable for its dramatic local relief.
 The Garcia River is a river on the northern coast of California in southern Mendocino County. The river's watershed covers 144 square miles (370 km2) and its mainstem is 44 miles (71 km) long. The watershed receives 45 inches (1100 mm) of precipitation per year near the coast and 75 inches (1900 mm) inland. The watershed's elevation ranges from sea level near the ocean to 2470 feet (750 m) in the Coast Range.
 Taubach (Ilm) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The East Dart River is one of the two main tributaries of the River Dart in Devon England.Its source is to the west of Whitehorse Hill and slightly south of Cranmere Pool on Dartmoor. It flows south and then south-west for around 9 km to reach the village of Postbridge where it is spanned by a well-known clapper bridge.
 The Stillwater River New Zealand is a river in New Zealand flowing into Caswell Sound Fiordland.
 The Stana River is a tributary of the Râul Cetăţii in Romania.
 The Monte Moro Pass (German: Monte Moropass Italian: Passo del Monte Moro) is an Alpine pass located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It connects Saas-Almagell in the Swiss canton of Valais to Macugnaga in the Italian region of Piedmont. The pass lies at the foot of Monte Moro.Historically the Monte Moro is an important border crossing between the valleys of Saas and Macugnaga. It is traversed by a trail and is one of the highest passes on the Monte Rosa Tour.
 The Miller River is a river in King County Washington. Named for 1890s prospector John Miller it is a tributary of the Skykomish River which it joins near the community of Miller River (which was prior to World War I known as Berlin). The Miller River is about 3.5 miles (5.6 km) long from the confluence of its main tributaries the East Fork and West Fork. Miller River Campground is located just downriver from the confluence.
 Ciriquiri River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Hühnerberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Kyrksjön (Swedish: Church Lake) is a small lake in Bromma a western suburb in Stockholm Sweden. Named after its vicinity to the old church Bromma kyrka the lake was made part of the nature reserve Kyrksjölöten in 1997. Three other lakes are located near Kyrksjön: Judarn Lillsjön and Råcksta Träsk.
 Falketind is a mountain in the municipality of Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located in the Jotunheimen mountain range inside the Utladalen Landscape Protection Area. The mountain is 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) east of the old mountain farm Vettismorki and 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) northwest of the lake Tyin.The 1820 ascent was the first ascent on an alpine mountain in Norway.
 Schloßberg (Pegnitz) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Pointed Stick Cone is a cinder cone in east-central British Columbia Canada located in Wells Gray Provincial Park.
 The Dry Fork is a 47.7-mile-long (76.8 km) tributary of the Tug Fork belonging to the Ohio River watershed. The river is located in McDowell County West Virginia and Tazewell County Virginia in the United States. The mouth of the Dry Fork into the Tug Fork is located at Iaeger.
 The Pinaleño Mountains or the Pinal Mountains are a remote mountain range in southeastern Arizona. They have over 7000 feet (2100 m) of vertical relief more than any other range in the state. The mountains are surrounded by the Sonoran-Chihuahuan Desert. Subalpine forests cover the higher elevations.
 The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Beneș River is a tributary of the Rezu Mare River in Romania.
 The Strâmbu-Băiuț River or Strâmbu River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Stausee Mapragg (Mapragg reservoir) is located at Pfäfers in the Canton of St. Gallen Switzerland. Its surface area is 26 ha. The reservoir and Gigerwaldsee are operated by Kraftwerke Sarganserwald (NOK group) for pumped-storage hydroelectricity.
 Rae Lakes is a series of lakes in the Sierra Nevada located in Kings Canyon National Park eastern Fresno County California. The lakes are located on the John Muir Trail.
 Desprez is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 50 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Desprez is named for the French composer Josquin des Prez who lived from 1440 to 1521.
 Camas Creek is a 64-mile (103 km) long tributary of the Big Wood River in the U.S. state of Idaho. Beginning at an elevation of 5807 feet (1770 m) west of Hill City in eastern Elmore County it flows east into Camas County where it is roughly paralleled by U.S. Route 20. About 10 miles (16 km) east of Fairfield it forms the Camas-Blaine county line and continues east to its mouth at Magic Reservoir at an elevation of 4800 feet (1463 m).
 Shokotsu River (渚滑川 Shokotsu-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan.
 Harper Lake is a dry lake located in the Mojave Desert near the small community of Lockhart in northwestern San Bernardino County of Southern California. The lake is accessible from Harper Lake Road which runs north off of State Route 58 midway between Boron and Barstow.
 East and West Mitten Buttes are two distinctive geological features found within Monument Valley in northeast Navajo County Arizona. The two buttes are about 0.6 mile from the Arizona–Utah state line and West Mitten Butte is 1.1 miles (1.8 km) northeast of the park headquarters. The summit of West Mitten Butte is 6176 feet (1882 m) in elevation and East Mitten Butte is 6226 feet (1898 m).
 The Dorlay is a French river that flows through the Loire department. It is a tributary of the Gier which in turn is a tributary of the Rhone. The Gier valley was formerly heavily industrialized with coal and iron mines and factories.
 The Bolshoy Zelenchuk (Russian: Большой Зеленчук) is a river in the North Caucasus Russia. It is a left tributary of the Kuban River into which it flows at Nevinnomyssk.
 Overcoat Glacier is in the U.S. state of Washington. Overcoat Glacier is in both Wenatchee and Snoqualmie National Forests and flows north from Overcoat Peak and Chimney Rock. Overcoat Glacier descends from 7200 to 6000 ft (2200 to 1800 m).
 The Strauchon River is a short river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows southwest from the face of the Strauchon Glacier to reach the Copland River five kilometres northwest of Mount Sefton. The river's entire length is within Westland Tai Poutini National Park.
 The Tagus (Spanish: Tajo [ˈtaxo]; Portuguese: Tejo [ˈtɛʒu]; Latin: Tagus; Ancient Greek: Τάγος Tagos) is the longest river on the Iberian Peninsula. It is 1038 km (645 mi) long 716 km (445 mi) in Spain 47 km (29 mi) along the border between Portugal and Spain and 275 km (171 mi) in Portugal where it empties into the Atlantic Ocean near Lisbon. It drains an area of 80100 square kilometers (30927 sq mi) (the second largest in the Iberian peninsula after the Douro).
 The Uzh (Ukrainian: Уж; translit. Uzh; Slovak: Uh; Hungarian: Ung Polish: Uż) is a river in Ukraine and Slovakia. Its name comes from the ancient west Slavic dialect word už meaning Snake (lat. Serpentes).The Uzh River is a tributary of the Laborets River a river that flows in the Tysa Lowland in Transcarpathia oblast of western Ukraine. The river feeds numerous industries and is a source of drinking water and irrigation as well. It also has a hydropower station on it.
 The Samalayuca Dune Fields more traditionally known as Los Medanos (the dunes) or more recently referenced as Medanos de Samalayuca are a series of large but separated fields of sand dunes located in the northern part of the Mexican state of Chihuahua. The dune fields are scattered over a wide expanse of desert to the south southwest and southeast of Ciudad Juarez.
 Sikorsky is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It is situated behind the southeastern limb of the Moon just out of sight from the Earth. It lies to the northwest of the huge walled plain Schrödinger. To the northwest is the smaller crater Moulton.In 1967 the Lunar Orbiter 4 photographed this region in high resolution discovering a 310-km-long gouge cutting through the middle of Sikorsky.
 The Dan River (Chinese: 丹江; pinyin: Dān Jiāng) formerly known as the Dan Shui (丹水) or 800 Li Black River (八百里黑江) is a river located in Shaanxi province in the People's Republic of China. The longest tributary of the Han River the Dan rises at Heilongkou (黑龙口) in the Qin Mountains of Shaanxi province then flows south east through Shangluo City Danfeng County Shangnan County and Xichuan County Henan province before joining the Han River at Danjiangkou Hubei province.
 Yellow Knolls of Arizona is a prominence in the Virgin River Gorge's east end located in Mohave County part of the Arizona Strip of northwest Arizona.
 The Massacre Range is a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada USA. The range is partly within the High Rock Canyon Wilderness.
 The Trebbia (stressed Trèbbia; Latin: Trebia) is a river predominantly of Liguria and Emilia Romagna in northern Italy. It is one of the four main right-bank tributaries of the river Po the other three being the Tanaro the Secchia and the Panaro. The 1150 km2 (440 sq mi) drainage basin is divided between Emilia Romagna (770 km² 300 mi²) Liguria (349 km² 135 mi²) and Lombardy (31 km² 12 mi²).
 Montour Run is a tributary of Fishing Creek in Columbia County Pennsylvania. It is the last named tributary to join the creek and is 3.1 miles (5.0 km) long. The stream's watershed has an area of approximately 4.7 square miles and is located in Montour Township Columbia County and Cooper Township Montour County. The annual load of sediment in the watershed is 4248000 pounds (1927000 kg) most of which comes from agricultural lands. Minnows live in the stream.A.
 Mycale also Mykale and Mycali (Ancient Greek: Μυκάλη) called Samsun Daği and Dilek Daği (Dilek Peninsula) in modern Turkey is a mountain on the west coast of central Anatolia in Turkey north of the mouth of the Maeander and divided from the Greek island of Samos by the 1300 metre wide Samos Strait. The mountain forms a ridge terminating in what was known anciently as the Trogilium promontory (Ancient Greek Τρωγίλιον or Τρωγύλιον).
 Blue Lake National Park is a national park in Queensland Australia 44 kilometres (27 mi) east of Brisbane on North Stradbroke Island. Access is provided by road 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) west of Dunwich. Camping open fires and domestic animals are not permitted in the park.
 Aknysta is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It originates from the Aknystėlis lake flows through the Lipšys lake and becomes a left tributary of the Šventoji River. It flows for 18.2 kilometres and has a basin area of 94.2 km². Villages Aknystos and Aknysčiai are situated along the river.
 The Dolo mountain stream springs from the Mount Cusna's slopes (44°14′24.21″N 10°27′22.31″E) in the Reggio-Emilia province in the Tuscany-Emilia Romagna Apennine Mountains.It is a natural boundary for the province of Reggio Emilia and the province of Modena.Its flow ends into the Secchia river (44°24′24.97″N 10°37′18.80″E) its length is about 13 to 16 miles (21 to 26 km).Three miles before ending into the Secchia river the Dragone mountain stream flows into it.At the height of Fontanaluccia there is a dam (44°16′39.72″N 10°30′47.95″E) which provides water for a hydroeletric power plant (44°21′42.48″N 10°34′53.35″E) located 9 miles (14 km) downward in Farneta.
 Loki-Fögrufjöll (also known as Hamarinn or Lokahryggur) is a subglacial volcano under the Vatnajökull glacier.The subglacial volcano is found within the Bárðarbunga fissure system but is independent of Bárðarbunga itself.The last confirmed eruption was in 1910 when Tephra was erupted but may also have had subglacial eruptions in 1986 1991 2006 and 2008.
 The Petit Combin is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located between the valleys of Entremont and Bagnes in the canton of Valais. It belong to the Grand Combin massif.The Petit Combin is a popular destination for heliskiing and snow landing.
 Apfelstädt (Gera) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Maffitt Lake is a reservoir in the four corners of Dallas County Polk County Warren County and Madison County Iowa. It is located at 41.517°N 93.792°W﻿ / 41.517; -93.792.It is owned by the Des Moines Water Works that serves as an emergency water supply for the city of Des Moines Iowa.
 John Redmond Reservoir is on the Neosho River 4 miles (8 km) north of Burlington Kansas and 1-mile (1.6 km) west of New Strawn Kansas in the Osage Prairie region of southeast Kansas. It was built and is operated by the Army Corps of Engineers originally for the purpose of flood control.The lake is bordered by John Redmond Wildlife Area which features recreational areas including nature trails camping sites and artificial playgrounds.
 The Guarapari River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Soda Mountains are located in the eastern Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County California USA. The range lies to the north of Interstate 15 west of the town of Baker.
 The Miette River (/ˈmaɪ.ɛt/ or /maɪˈɛt/) is a short river in Jasper National Park Alberta Canada.
 Merrebach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Whipple Mountains 'Avii Kur'utat in the Mojave language are located in eastern San Bernardino County California. They are directly west of the Colorado River Parker Dam and Lake Havasu; south of Needles California; north of Parker Arizona and Vidal California; and northeast of Vidal Junction California.The mountain forms a major direction change of the north-south Colorado as it changes directions to southeast then southwest around the eastern perimeter of the Whipple Mountains.
 The Zârna River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 The Regame River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Newaukum River is a tributary of the Chehalis River in the U.S. state of Washington. It has three main branches the North Fork South Fork and Middle Fork Newaukum Rivers. The length of the three forks and the mainstem river is 56.7 miles (91.2 km).The river's name comes from the Upper Chehalis word náwaqwəm meaning big prairie.
 Mount Ikoma (生駒山 Ikoma-yama) is a mountain on the border of Nara Prefecture and Osaka Prefecture in Japan. This mountain is the highest peak in the Ikoma Mountains and the height is 642 meters.
 The Reis Magos River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Bistra Mica River is a headwater of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Salmon Creek is a 26-mile (42 km) tributary of Lake River in Clark County in the U.S. state of Washington. Beginning from its forested headwaters on Elkhorn Mountain Salmon Creek passes through rural agricultural residential and urban areas before flowing into the river just north of Lake Vancouver. Lake River is a tributary of the Columbia River.Major tributaries to Salmon Creek are Mill Woodin Rock Morgan and Curtin creeks.
 Pandan Reservoir (Simplified Chinese: 班丹蓄水池) is a reservoir located in the West Region of Singapore. Formed by damming the mouth of Sungei Pandan it is the largest service reservoir in Singapore providing non-potable water to the surrounding industrial areas and in particular the Jurong Industrial Estate.
 The River Oise (French pronunciation: ​[waz]) is a right tributary of the River Seine flowing for 302 km in Belgium and France. Its source is in the Belgian province Hainaut south of the town Chimay. It crosses the border with France after about 20 km. It flows into the Seine in Conflans-Sainte-Honorine near Paris. Its main tributary is the River Aisne.
 Spring Gap Mountain runs southwest northeast through Morgan and Hampshire counties in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle rising to its greatest elevation of 2237 ft (682 m) north of Spring Gap from which the mountain takes its name. The gap is the source for Dug Hill Run a tributary stream of the Little Cacapon River.Spring Gap Mountain is a mountain ridge with its southern point rising north of Slanesville between Noland Ridge 1161 ft (354 m) and Sideling Hill.
 Blackett is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon behind the southwest limb. It lies beyond the southeast outer ring of the immense Mare Orientale basin. The formation of that major feature has left Blackett deeply marked with groove-like features running from the northwest.
 Ødevatn or Ødevatnet (Kven: Evettijärvi) is a lake located in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 2.83-square-kilometre (1.09 sq mi) lake lies entirely within Øvre Pasvik National Park to the southeast of the large lake Ellenvatnet. Unlike some other lakes in the area it lies in a deep fault giving it a long and narrow profile. The fault continues northeastwards creating the Revsaksskaret cliff.
 Mount Penanggungan is a small stratovolcano located immediately on the north side of Arjuno-Welirang volcanic complex in East Java province Java island Indonesia. Several Hindu-Buddhist sanctuaries sacred places and monuments are located on the mountain dating from AD 977–1511. Lava flows and pyroclastic deposits are found around the volcano.
 The Macaxeira River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Rușețu River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Ljubljanica (pronounced [ljuˈbljaːnitsa]) known in the Middle Ages as the Ljubija is a river in the southern part of the Ljubljana Basin in Slovenia. The capital of Slovenia Ljubljana lies on the river. The Ljubljanica rises south of the town of Vrhnika and outflows in the Sava River about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) downstream from Ljubljana. Its largest affluent is the Mali Graben Canal.
 The Tolațu Mic River is a tributary of the Borlovița River in Romania.
 Moxie Mountain is a mountain located in Somerset County Maine.Moxie Mountain stands within the watershed of the Kennebec River which drains into the Gulf of Maine.The northeast side of Moxie Mtn. drains into Big and Little Dimmick Ponds then into Baker Pond Moxie Pond Moxie Stream and into the Kennebec River. The north side of Moxie drains into Pleasant Pond then into Pleasant Pond Stream and into the Kennebec River.
 Tomahawk Lake is a lake in Oneida County Wisconsin United States. The lake covers an area of 3392 acres (1373 ha) and has a maximum depth of 84 feet (26 m). The community of Lake Tomahawk is located on the eastern edge of the lake.
 Crow Lake is a lake in Cook County Minnesota. Crow Lake lies at an elevation of 1850 feet (564 m).
 Nethe is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. In 1912 Natko Nodilo sustained injuries at river Nethe that would eventually lead to his death.
 The Sopchoppy River is a minor river in the Florida Big Bend.
 Havasu Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Arizona associated with the Havasupai people. It is a tributary to the Colorado River which it enters in the Grand Canyon.
 The Meadow River is a tributary of the Gauley River making its headwaters in Greenbrier County and terminating in Nicholas County of West Virginia. It is named for the grassy meadows wetlands which its upper watershed drains and from which it springs.
 The Central Mountain Range also known as the Zhongyang Range (Chinese: 中央山脈; pinyin: Zhōngyāng Shānmò; Wade–Giles: Chung1-yang1 Shan1-mo4; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tiong-iong Soaⁿ-lêng) is the principal range of mountains in Taiwan. It runs from the north of the island to the south.Due to this separation connecting between the west and east is not so convenient.
 The only canal of the Susquehanna Division of the Pennsylvania Canal ran 41 miles (66 km) along the west bank of the main stem of the Susquehanna River between a lock near the mouth of the Juniata River and the canal basin at Northumberland. Meeting the West Branch Canal and the North Branch Canal at Northumberland it formed a link between the public and private canals upriver and the east–west Pennsylvania Canal and rail route known as the Main Line of Public Works.
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Bozani River in Romania.
 The Platte River is a tributary of the Missouri River about 200 miles (320 km) long in southwestern Iowa and northwestern Missouri in the United States. It is sometimes known as the Little Platte River to distinguish it from the larger Platte River also a tributary of the Missouri in nearby Nebraska; the Platte River of Missouri itself has a tributary known as the Little Platte River.
 Mount Tuzo was named in 1907 after Henrietta L. Tuzo. It is located within the Valley of the Ten Peaks in the Canadian Rockies along the Continental Divide which forms the boundary between British Columbia and Alberta in this region.
 The Loznișoara River is a tributary of the Rusca River in Romania.
 Klosterbeurener Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Uchusuma River originates from the Peruvian Altiplano crosses the northern tip of Chile and reaches Bolivia where empties into Mauri River.
 Mullaghanish (Irish: Mullach an Ois) is a 650m high mountain in the Derrynasaggart range located just northeast of Ballyvourney in County Cork Ireland.
 Highland Creek is a river in the Scarborough district of Toronto Ontario emptying into Lake Ontario at the eastern end of the Scarborough Bluffs. It is home to several species of fish including trout carp and bass. It is a meandering river which like most rivers in Toronto (including the Don and Humber) travels through a glacial ravine formed after the last Ice Age. The Highland Creek watershed including tributaries is almost entirely contained within Scarborough.
 Long Lake is a lake in eastern Ontario Canada in the municipality of Tay Valley in Lanark County. The lake is nearly 3 km long and about 600m wide at its widest. Long Lake is fed by a number of small tributaries leading to intermittent lakes. It is drained by an unnamed creek leading to Adams Lake. Long Lake has five islands the largest being Farry Island. The lake has a number of cottages lining the northern and southeastern shores.
 Double Butte is the 2579-foot (786 m) mountain summit distinguished by two buttes (the other at abou 2480 feet or 756 metres) in Riverside County California. It is the western most summit of a mountain range north of Winchester California east of Perris Valley and west of the San Jacinto Valley. The eastern ridge is composed primarily of metamorphic rock of the Triassic - Jurassic French Valley formation.
 Waimbula River (Viti Levu) is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Dassower See (German for Dassow lake) is a lake of the delta of Trave bay northeast of Lübeck (Schleswig-Holstein) on the Baltic Sea.The town of Dassow in the district Nordwestmecklenburg is the only large settlement at the lake bank. The Dassower See (Dassow Lake) is a side bay of the Trave adjacent to the Baltic Sea.
 Snowshoe Lake is a lake in the Lake Huron drainage basin in Kearney Almaguin Highlands Parry Sound Ontario Canada. The lake is 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) east of the community of Ravenscroft just south of the access road to Rain Lake in Algonquin Provincial Park and 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) west of the park boundary. It is about 1.5 kilometres (0.9 mi) long and 0.5 kilometres (0.3 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 424 metres (1391 ft).
 The Corneșița River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
 Storm Mountain is a mountain in the Alberta's Rockies Canada.It is located alongside Highway 40 southwest of the Highwood Pass parking lot in Kananaskis Country and is part of the Misty Range of the Canadian Rockies. It is identifiable as the tall peak between Mount Arethusa and Mist Mountain at the far south end of the Misty Range.It was named by George Mercer Dawson in 1884 for the storm clouds he saw on the summit.
 Mount Shiretoko (知床岳 Shiretoko-dake) is a volcano located on the Shiretoko Peninsula in Hokkaidō Japan. The mountain consists of non-alkali mafic rocks andesite. Mount Shiretoko is in Shari town in Shari District of Abashiri Subprefecture.
 The Flonti River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 The Silivaș River is a tributary of the Fărău River in Romania.
 The Frigido is a short river in Tuscany central Italy whose course of 17 km is entirely included in the province of Massa-Carrara. It starts from two branches one having its source in the Monte Sagro and Monte Rasore (Apuan Alps) the other near the village of Forno.After running into a deep valley i the Apuan Alpsa it receives the waters of the Renara and Fosso d'Antona and then flows in Massa before reaching the Ligurian Sea near Marina di Massa.
 Lake Roś (Polish: Jezioro Roś German: Roschsee) is a lake in the Masurian Lake District of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship of Poland. This S-shaped glacial lake has an area of 18.9 km² and a depth of 31.8 metres. The Swięcek and Konopka rivers flow into the lake while the Pisa River flows out of it. The largest town on the lake is Pisz.
 The Oṣun River (sometimes but rarely spelt Oshun) is a river that flows southwards through central Yorubaland in southwestern Nigeria into the Lagos Lagoon and the Atlantic Gulf of Guinea. It is one of the several rivers ascribed in local mythology to have been women who turned into flowing waters after some traumatic event frightened or angered them.Oṣun was reputedly one of the wives of Ṣango the Yoruba god of thunder.
 The Mathias River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows from its origins in three rivers (the North South and West Mathias Rivers) in the Southern Alps. Of these the North Mathias River is the longest flowing predominantly southwards from its source northeast of Mount Williams.
 Shamirpet Lake is an artificial lake near Hyderabad India about 24 kilometers north of Secunderabad. It was built during the Nizam reign.The lake attracts many birds making it a good birdwatching spot. A resort run by the Government of Andhra Pradesh is located near the lake. The Outer Ring Road will pass close to the lake.There are many resorts and Private Dhabas around the lake.You can also visit The famous Celebrity Club and the 4 star Alankrita Resort are not very far from the lake.
 The Wami River lies entirely within the African nation of Tanzania in the Pwani Region and Morogoro Region in eastern Tanzania. Its source is specified in the Kaguru Mountains and it flows East entering the Indian Ocean west of Zanzibar. But its catchment area extends from the Kinyasangwe River to far beyond Dodoma to the southern edge of the Maasai Steppe and is denoted with 43946 km².
 Ponoy River (Russian: Поно́й) is a river on the Kola Peninsula in Russia. It is 426 km in length. The area of its basin is 15500 km².
 Rangitahi Lake is located in the Chatham Islands of New Zealand. It is located on Chatham Island to the northeast of Te Whanga Lagoon close to the northern end of Hanson Bay.
 The Sigriswiler Rotorn is a mountain of the Emmental Alps located north of Sigriswil in the canton of Bern. With an elevation of 2051 metres above sea level it is the culminating point of the chain named Sigriswilergrat.
 Taudaha Lake is a small lake in the outskirts of Kathmandu in Nepal. The name comes from a combination of Newari words 'Ta' meaning snake and 'Daha' which means lake.
 Babenhausener Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Little Susitna River heads at Mint Glacier on Montana Peak in Talkeetna Mountains at 61°51′30″N 149°03′30″W flows SW to Cook Inlet 13 miles (21 km) W of Anchorage Alaska Cook Inlet Low.
 Kareri Lake (also known as Kumarwah Lake) is a high altitude shallow fresh water lake south of the Dhauladhar range approximately 9 km North West of Dharamsala in Kangra district Himachal Pradesh. Its surface is 2934 metres above the sea level. Snow melting from the Dhauladhar range serves as the source of the lake and a stream Nyund is the outflow.
 Panna is a river of Poland a tributary of the Mała Noteć.
 Grand Lac Nominingue is a lake in Southwest Quebec located in the Laurentian Mountains bordering the village of Nominingue. It is connected to Petit Lac Nominingue through a river.
 The Dăihățașu River is a tributary of the Dumbrăvanu River in Romania.
 Quéntar Reservoir is a reservoir in Quéntar province of Granada Andalusia Spain.
 Kmur is a mountain in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina. It has an altitude of 1508 metres (4948 ft).
 The Buck Creek Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County Nevada. They are contained within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains.
 The Markham River is a river in eastern Papua New Guinea. It originates in the Finisterre Range and flows for 180 km (110 mi) to empty into the Huon Gulf at Lae.The river was named in 1873 by Captain John Moresby R.N. in honour of Sir Clements Markham then Secretary of the Royal Geographical Society.
 The Gostila River is a tributary of the Poiana River in Romania.
 Montevallo Crater is a crater in the Lunae Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 15.4° N and 54.4° W. It is 51.9 km in diameter and was named after the town Montevallo Alabama USA.
 The Mama (Russian: Мама) is a river in Irkutsk Oblast Russia. It is a left tributary of the Vitim River.Its tributaries are the Left Mama and the Right Mama. The total length including the Left Mama is 406 km.
 Haramosh Peak (also known as Haramosh or Peak 58) is a mountain located in the Karakoram range of the Gilgit-Baltistan of Pakistan. Its height is also often given as 7409m.Haramosh lies about 65 kilometres (40 mi) east of Gilgit in the south-central region of the Rakaposhi-Haramosh Mountains a subrange of the Karakoram range. It rises steeply above the north bank of the Indus River a little ways upstream of its confluence with the Gilgit River.
 The Cubuy River (Naguabo Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Großer Zschirnstein (561.74 m (1843.0 ft)) is the highest hill in the Saxon and German part of the Elbe Sandstone Mountains.
 Piz Turba is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps located between Juf and Casaccia west of the Septimer Pass in the canton of Graubünden.
 The Clear Lake Hills are a mountain range in Modoc County California.
 Mount Mitake (御嶽 Mitake) is a 793 m (2602 ft) high Japanese mountain located around 50 km (31 mi) north of Kobe in Hyōgo Prefecture. It should not be confused with Mount Mitake a mountain in Tokyo or Mount Ontake in Nagano Prefecture written with the same characters. This mountain is one of the 50 famous mountains in Hyōgo Prefecture.
 Mars Lake (also called Lake Sequilla or Sequilla Lake) is a small spring-fed rural lake in Oneida County in northern Wisconsin in the United States near the intersection of U.S. Route 45 and U.S. Route 8 about 4.5 miles (7.2 km) north of Pelican Lake and 2000 feet (610 m) northwest of the small settlement of Monico.
 The Bolshaya Kokshaga (Mari: Кугу Какшан Kugu Kakšan; Russian: Больша́я Кокша́га literally Great Kokshaga) is a river in Kirov Oblast and Mari El Russian Federation. It is a left-bank tributary of the Volga. Its length is 297 km and its drainage basin is 6330 km². The river is fed by snow and rain and from November till April it is usually frozen. The river originates in the coniferous forests of Kirov Oblast where the area is thinly populated by the Russians and Mari people.
 The Pârâul Rădăcinii is a tributary of the Almaş river in Romania.
 The Grindieș River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 The Predelu Mare River is a tributary of the Ieşelniţa River in Romania.
 Heipker Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Antarctic Sound is a body of water about 30 miles (50 km) long and from 7 to 12 miles (11 to 19 km) wide separating the Joinville Island group from the northeast end of the Antarctic Peninsula. The sound was named by the Swedish Antarctic Expedition under Otto Nordenskiöld for the expedition ship Antarctic which in 1902 under the command of Carl Anton Larsen was the first vessel to navigate it. Since 2005 cruises have been visiting the area.
 Piceance Creek is a 57.9-mile-long (93.2 km) tributary of the White River in Garfield County Colorado.
 Murphy Lake is a reservoir in Lake County Minnesota United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 1565 feet (477 m).
 Monte Ferro is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2348 metres.
 The Macdonald River is a perennial river located in the Hunter and Outer Metropolitan Sydney regions of New South Wales Australia. It is a part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment.
 Narva Reservoir (Estonian: Narva veehoidla Russian: На́рвское водохрани́лище) is a reservoir by Narva River shared by Russia and Estonia.The reservoir was constructed during 1955-1956 during the Soviet times. It provides water to Narva Hydroelectric Station (installed capacity 125 MW located on the Russian side and owned by the power company TGC-1) and cooling water to the Estonian Narva Power Plants.
 Monte Pracaban is a mountain in the Valle Stura Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines.It is located on the boundary between the comune of Campo Ligure in Liguria and that of Bosio in Piedmont.
 The Băzăvan River is a tributary of the Dâlga River in Romania.
 The Bătrâna River is a tributary of the Someșul Cald River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Izbucul and Călineasa
 Lillach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Valea Măgurii River is a tributary of the Valea lui Vasile River in Romania.
 Steinberg (Schwäbische Alb) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 The Jiuxiang River (Chinese: ; pinyin: Jiu Xiang; Wade–Giles: ) is a rather small river near Nanjing in Jiangsu Province China.
 Kurchatov is a lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It is just to the southwest of the crater Wiener and farther to the southeast of Bridgman. A couple of crater diameters to the south of Kurchatov is the northern edge of the Mare Moscoviense.This is a worn and eroded crater formation with a pair of small craters lying across the northern rim and a generally worn and pitted rim and inner wall.
 The Dravinja (German: Drann) is the largest tributary of the Drava River in Slovenia. It is 73 kilometres (45 mi) long. Its source is on the Pohorje Massif southwest of Mount Rogla about 1150 m above sea level. The river passes Zreče the town of Slovenske Konjice the ruins of the fort at Zbelovo Poljčane Makole Štatenberg Castle Majšperk and Videm pri Ptuju where it merges with the Drava.
 The Agriș River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 The São João River (Canoas River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Indian Lake is a 12-mile (19 km) long 4365-acre (1766 ha) lake with a southwest to northeast orientation in the towns of Indian Lake and Lake Pleasant in Hamilton County in the Adirondack Park of New York State in the United States. The hamlet of Indian Lake is located 2 miles (3.2 km) north of the north end of Indian Lake. New York State Route 30 runs along the west shore of the lake. Most of the shore is part of the Forest Preserve.
 Warbonnet Peak at 10200 feet (3100 m) above sea level is the third highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Boise County. The peak is located 0.17 mi (0.27 km) west-northwest of Cirque Lake Peak its line parent.
 Wisser Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Hill River is a river in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
 The Mozacu River is a tributary of the Dâmbovnic River in Romania.
 The Erro (in Piedmontese Er) is a 38 km torrent of north-west Italy a right tributary of the Bormida.The river rises in the Ligurian Province of Savona at an elevation 1267 metres on Monte Ermetta to the west of Monte Beigua. Having passed through the territory of Sassello the river enters the Piedmontese Province of Alessandria at Ponte Erro (Malvicino).
 Rettbach (Rot) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Felchbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Compton is a prominent lunar crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the east of the Mare Humboldtianum and southwest of the walled plain Schwarzschild. To the southeast of Compton is the heavily eroded crater Swann.This formation is roughly circular with a wide irregular outer rim that varies considerably in width. Parts of the inner wall have terraced steps that form wide shelves along the edge.
 Taylor Ridge is the most northwestern ridge in the state of Georgia within the Ridge and Valley physiographic region and is approximately 40 miles in length. To the west the ridge is bordered by the Cumberland Plateau region and the to north Taylor Ridge becomes White Oak Mountain at Ringgold Gap although technically part of the same ridge. The western foothills of Taylor Ridge are also the western border of the Chattahoochee National Forest.
 The Bothavaș River (Hungarian: Bothavas-pataka meaning Stick Alp's Creek) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Yumen Pass (simplified Chinese: 玉门关; traditional Chinese: 玉門關; pinyin: Yùmén Guān) or Jade Gate or Pass of the Jade Gate is the name of a pass located west of Dunhuang in today's Gansu Province of China. In ancient times this was a pass through which the Silk Road passed and was the one road connecting Central Asia and China the former called the Western Regions.
 Röntgen is a relatively large lunar impact crater that lies along the northwestern limb of the Moon. Its northwestern outer rim is partly overlain by the crater Nernst. Both Nernst and Röntgen overlie the eastern rim of the much larger walled plain Lorentz. The smaller crater Aston is separated from the eastern edge of Röntgen by only a few kilometers of terrain.
 The Moisie River is a river in eastern Quebec. Called and known as the Nahanni of the East it is one of the most beautiful wild rivers of North America. It flows south from Lake Opocopa near the Labrador border to the north shore of the Saint Lawrence River east of Sept-Îles Quebec. The town of Moisie is located at its mouth. The river is 410 km in length and drains an area of 19200 km2.
 The West Two River (Vermilion Lake) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Vasluieț River or Vaslui River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania. The Soleşti Dam is located on this river.
 The Sage River is a 9.7-mile-long (15.6 km) tributary of the Tahquamenon River on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States.
 The Pilone (also known as Cima Pian del Bozzo) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies between the Valle Vergeletto (Ticino) and the Valle Onsernone (Piedmont and Ticino).
 The Giuroc River is a tributary of the Măgheruş River in Romania.
 Twiste (Diemel) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Colún River is a river of Chile.
 Lac des Vieilles Forges is a lake at Renwez in Ardennes France. The reservoir has a surface area of 1.4 km². It is located at an elevation of 340 m.
 The Valea Roșie River is a tributary of the Usturoiu River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Valea Lungă and Valea Pietroasă
 Bettinus is a lunar impact crater located near the southwest limb. Due to its location the crater has a distinctly oval shape because of foreshortening. To the south of the rim is the similar-sized crater Kircher and to the northwest is the slightly smaller Zucchius. From the west to the southwest closer to the limb is the giant formation Bailly.The rim of Bettinus is only somewhat worn with an inner wall that is wider to the northwest.
 Cuiari River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Jungfraujoch is a col or saddle between the Mönch and the Jungfrau in the Bernese Alps on the boundary between the cantons of Bern and Valais inside the Jungfrau-Aletsch Protected Area.Strictly the Jungfraujoch is the lowest point on the mountain ridge between Mönch and Jungfrau at 3466 meters (11371 ft). Just east of this location within the mountain is the top station of the Jungfraubahn.
 The Wild Weißeritz (German: Wilde Weißeritz Czech: Divoká Bystřice) is a river in the Czech Republic and in the German state of Saxony which drains the eastern Ore Mountains. It is the longest tributary of the Weißeritz.The valley of the Wild Weißeritz is almost free of settlements.
 The Gellibrand River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It arises in the Otway Ranges near Beech Forest and enters Bass Strait at Princetown.It was named after Joseph Gellibrand a solicitor from Van Diemen's Land.
 The Asod River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 The Alplistock is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located west of Handegg in the Bernese Oberland. It lies east of the Diamantstock on the range between the valley of the Grueben Glacier and the Bächlital.
 Mount Schurz el. 11007 feet (3355 m) is a mountain peak in the Absaroka Range in Yellowstone National Park. Mount Schurz is the second highest peak in Yellowstone. The mountain was origninally named Mount Doane by Henry D. Washburn during the Washburn–Langford–Doane Expedition in 1871. Later the name Mount Doane was given to another peak in the Absaroka Range by geologist Arnold Hague. In 1885 Hague named the mountain for the 13th U.S. Secretary of the Interior Carl Schurz (1877–1881).
 The Mijlocia River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 The Rock River is a 6.1-mile-long (9.8 km) stream in Baraga County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It rises at the outlet of Worm Lake east of Covington and flows northwest to the Sturgeon River which continues west then north to Portage Lake and Lake Superior. The Rock River descends 350 feet (110 m) over its 6-mile (10 km) course for an average rate of 58 feet per mile.
 The Pigeon River is part of the Lake Huron watershed in Michigan in the United States. It is one of many rivers that have their headwaters in Otsego County. The Pigeon River's headwaters start just north and east of Gaylord Michigan at the Otsego Club and Resort.
 Niingsvatnet (Northern Sami: Meahccejávri) is a Norwegian lake that lies high in the mountains on the border of two municipalities: Evenes in Nordland county and Skånland in Troms county.The water from the lake flows through a pipe down to the hydroelectric powerstation near Bogen Evenes. The powerstation is owned by Evenes Kraftforsyning and is situated at almost 500 m (1600 ft) lower than the lake Niingsvatnet. The water from the powerstation then flows into the Strandvatnet lake.
 Loch Scaven (Gaelic: Loch Sgamhain) is a loch in Glen Carron near the origins of the River Carron Wester Ross Scotland.
 The Narym River is a river in the Eastern Kazakhstan a tributary of the Irtysh River originating at the junction of the ridges Narym and Sarymsakty of wetland formed by the mountain runoff streams. With its low headwaters and smooth clay-sandy bed the width of the river valley at places extends to more than 20 km in some places it narrows down to 25–250 m; the width of the river is 15–25 m depth is from 0.5 to 2.5 m.
 The Santa Fe River is a 75-mile (121 km) river in northern Florida. The watershed of the river is approximately 1380 square miles (3574 km2) and spreads across southern Columbia southern Suwannee western Bradford far southern Baker Union northern and eastern Gilchrist and northern Alachua counties. The headwaters of the river are Lake Santa Fe near Keystone Heights. The Santa Fe River is usually a slow-flowing river.
 Puruê River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Boia Mică River is a headwater of the Boia River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Suru and Budislavu
 The Pogórze Bukowskie (also Bukowskie Upland Bukowsko Upland Bukowskie Piedmont Bukowskie Plateau Bukowskie Foothills) is one of the Beskids mountain ranges of the Outer Eastern Carpathians in southeastern Poland part of the Central Beskidian Piedmont. Is a hilly region in Poland (Sanok County and Podkarpacie) between Beskid Niski and Bieszczady near the river Osława and San.
 The Zambales Mountains is a mountain range located on western Luzon island in the Philippines. The mountains separate Luzon's central plain from the South China Sea. Its most prominent section is known as the Cabusilan Mountain Range composed of Mt. Pinatubo Mount Negron and Mount Cuadrado which are believed to be remnants of the ancestral Pinatubo peak.
 Waiau River is the largest river in the Southland Region of New Zealand. It is the outflow of Lake Te Anau flowing from it into Lake Manapouri 10 kilometres to the south and from there flows south for 70 kilometres before reaching the Foveaux Strait eight kilometres south of Tuatapere.
 Mount Fillmore is a mountain in the Plumas National Forest in Sierra County California. It is 8 miles (13 km) northeast of La Porte and 12 miles (19 km) north of Downieville.Mount Fillmore was named for a naval officer.
 Kakwa Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1925 by Samuel P. Fay.
 Cheval Noir is a mountain in the French Alps in the Savoie department. It lies between Moûtiers in the north east and La Chambre in the south west. It is 2832 m high.The mountain is the namesake for the geologic Cheval Noir unit an accretionary wedge that formed during the subduction of the Valais ocean (or North Penninic ocean).
 The Ana River is a short spring-fed river in south-central Oregon. It is on the northwestern edge of the Great Basin drainage. It flows 7 miles (11 km) from springs at the foot of Winter Ridge through high desert range and wetlands before emptying into Summer Lake. For most of its course the Ana River flows through the Summer Lake Wildlife Area which is maintained by the Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife.
 The Concord River is a 16.3-mile-long (26.2 km) tributary of the Merrimack River in eastern Massachusetts in the United States. The river drains a small rural and suburban region northwest of Boston. One of the most famous small rivers in U.S. history it was the scene of an important early battle of the American Revolutionary War and was the subject of a famous 19th-century book by Henry David Thoreau.
 The Găvan River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Gengea River is a tributary of the Bârlui River in Romania.
 Whangaroa Harbour (/ˈfæŋəroʊ.ə/; Māori pronunciation: [faŋaɾɔa]) previously spelled Wangaroa Harbour is an inlet on the northern coast of Northland New Zealand. Whangaroa Bay and the Pacific Ocean are to the north. The small settlements of Totara North and Saies are on the west side of the harbour Waitaruke on the south side and Whangaroa on the east. State Highway 10 runs through Waitaruke.
 The Dent de Combette (2082 m) is a mountain of the western Bernese Alps located north of Rougemont in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It lies south of the border with the canton of Fribourg on the chain culminating at the Dent de Savigny.A secondary summit on the south side of the mountain (2026 m) is named Rochers des Rayes.
 Col d'Entremont (el. 1220 metres) is a mountain pass in the Massif Central located in Auvergne France between the towns of Dienne and Murat in the Cantal department. It is located on the watershed between the basins of the River Loire and the River Dordogne.
 The Khangai mountains (Mongolian : Хангайн нуруу) are a mountain range in central Mongolia some 400 kilometres west of Ulaanbaatar.
 Fusilier Peak is a 2747 metres (9012 ft) peak in British Columbia Canada. Its line parent is Constable Peak 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) away.It is part of the Tower of London Range of the Muskwa Ranges in the Canadian Rockies.Fusilier Peak was named by the Royal Fusiliers (City of London Regiment) Canadian Rocky Mountains Expedition 1960 a small expedition with members from a regiment based in the Tower of London.
 Skurven is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Lake Seymour is located in the town of Morgan in Orleans County Vermont an area known as the Northeast Kingdom. The lake was named for Israel Seymour one of the original grantees. Natives called it Namagonic (salmon trout spearing place). It is the second largest natural lake in Vermont.
 Qargha is a lake and reservoir in Afghanistan just 9 km from Kabul.
 The Valea Cheii River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mic in Romania.
 Orontius is a lunar impact crater that lies in the heavily cratered southern highlands of the Moon's near side. It is located to the northwest of the prominent ray crater Tycho and south and east of the large walled plain Deslandres. The eastern part of the crater is overlain by the smaller crater Huggins which is overlain in turn on its eastern rim by the still smaller Nasireddin the trio forming a crater chain of diminishing dimensions. Joined to the southern rim is the crater Saussure.
 Blanco River (Spanish: Río Blanco) is a river in the municipality of Ponce Puerto Rico. It is located in the northeastern area of the municipality. It empties into Prieto River. Together with Prieto River Blanco River is one of the two rivers in Ponce with their mouth at the highest elevation (both at 1381 feet). This river is one of the 14 rivers in the municipality.
 The Vâlcelul Sugarilor River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
 Riffenkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Laudenauer Bach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Whiskey Mountain (11157 ft (3401 m)) is located in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Located 5 mi (8.0 km) south of Dubois Wyoming Whiskey Mountain is within the Whiskey Mountain Wilderness Study Area which has the largest wintering concentration of Rocky Mountain Bighorn sheep in the coterminous United States.
 Katzenbach (Neckar) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Großer Benzer See is a lake in Malente Holsteinische Schweiz Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 0.13 km².
 The Piney River is a 23.7-mile-long (38.1 km) tributary of the Duck River in Middle Tennessee in the United States. Via the Duck River the Tennessee River and the Ohio River it is part of the Mississippi River watershed. The headwater tributaries of the Piney River rise in Dickson County Tennessee near the city of Dickson. Dickson is located on the Tennessee Valley Divide which corresponds for some distance with the downtown's Main Street.
 Halsafjord or Halsafjorden is a fjord located between Halsa Municipality and Tingvoll Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 15-kilometre (9.3 mi) long fjord branches south off of the Vinjefjorden and stretches about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) until it becomes the Trongfjorden off of which the Surnadalsfjord later branches.The European route E39 highway crosses the fjord by a car ferry from Kanestraum in Tingvoll to Halsanaustan in Halsa.
 Lake Ladoga (Russian: Ла́дожское о́зеро tr. Ladozhskoye ozero IPA: [ˈladəʂskəjə ˈozʲɪrə] or Russian: Ла́дога tr. Ladoga IPA: [ˈladəgə]; Finnish: Laatokka [earlier in Finnish Nevajärvi]; Karelian: Luadogu; Veps: Lagod Ladoganjärv) is a freshwater lake located in the Republic of Karelia and Leningrad Oblast in northwestern Russia just outside the outskirts of Saint Petersburg. It is the largest lake in Europe and the 14th largest freshwater lake by area in the world.
 The Cururuaçu River is a river in the Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Madison River is a headwater tributary of the Missouri River approximately 183 miles (295 km) long in Wyoming and Montana. Its confluence with the Jefferson and Gallatin rivers near Three Forks Montana form the Missouri River.The Madison rises in Park County in northwestern Wyoming at the confluence of the Firehole and Gibbon rivers a location known as Madison Junction in Yellowstone National Park.
 The Sineva River is a tributary of the Maciovița River in Romania
 Simskardvatnet (Southern Sami: Sijdurrienjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county Norway. It is the headwaters of the river Vefsna. The lake lies within Børgefjell National Park just east of the municipal border with Grane.
 Dunmore Cave (from Irish Dún Mór meaning great fort) is a limestone solutional cave in Ballyfoyle County Kilkenny Ireland. It is formed in Lower Carboniferous (Viséan) limestone of the Clogrenan Formation. It is a show cave open to the public particularly well known for its rich archæological discoveries and for being the site of a Viking massacre in 928.
 The Becheru River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Lake Muskoka is located between Port Carling and Gravenhurst Ontario Canada. The lake is surrounded by many cottages. The lake is primarily within the Township of Muskoka Lakes with the southeast corner in the Town of Gravenhurst. The Town of Bala is located on the southwest shores of the lake where the Moon River starts. Lake Muskoka is connected to Lake Rosseau through the Indian River and lock system at Port Carling.
 Fleischmann Glacier is a glacier in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier lies in the southern Kichatna Mountains above Simpson Passmoving south. It the source of Morris Creek which feeds the Kichatna River.
 Mount Omusha (双子山 Omusha-nupuri) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. The mountain has two peaks the higher being 1379 metres (4524 ft) and the lower being 1363 metres (4472 ft).
 The Piaí River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Hingham Bay is the easternmost of the three small bays of outer Boston Harbor part of Massachusetts Bay and forming the western shoreline of the town of Hull and the northern shoreline of Hingham in the United States state of Massachusetts. It lies east of Quincy Bay and is met at the southwest by the mouth of Weymouth Fore River also forming part of the waterfront of Weymouth. The bay is home to several of the Boston Harbor Islands.
 The Radiciu River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
 Lugnaquilla (from Irish: Log na Coille meaning hollow of the wood) is a 925-metre (3035 ft) tall mountain in County Wicklow Ireland. It is the highest peak of the Wicklow Mountains range the highest in the province of Leinster and the 13th highest peak in all Ireland.
 Greater Chimgan (3309 m) of the Chatkal Mountain range (the Western Tian Shan) is located in the territory of the Ugam-Chatkal National Park and it is in the Bostanlyk administrative district (Tashkent Province) Uzbekistan.The Chimgan village was settled 400–500 years ago in the mountain massive of dominant the Greater Chimgan peak (3309 m) at an altitude of 1620 m.Some experts see Chinese words in the name Chimgan but others translate it as sod or pasture abundant in water green valley.For generations of those who live in Tashkent province the Greater Chimgan is the place of romantic gravitation.Greater Chimgan (3309m) is known to mountaineers since the beginning of the 20th century.For those who want to experience of rock climbing hiking and mountaineering Chimgan Highlands caters many opportunities. 
 The North Meherrin River is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 Hönnige (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Brebu River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 Riss Lake is a small reservoir in the center of the neighborhood Riss Lake in Parkville Platte County Missouri. Forests surround it and it is bordered on one side by a highway two sides by the neighborhood Riss Lake and on the last side by Parkville Nature Reservation.
 Fontanka (Russian: Фонтанка) is a left branch of the river Neva which flows through the whole of Central Saint Petersburg Russia. Its length is 6700 m its width is up to 70 m and its depth is up to 35 m. The Fontanka Embankment is lined with the former private residences of Russian nobility.This river one of 93 rivers and channels in St. Petersburg was once named Anonymous Creek (in Russian Bezymyannyi Yerik Безымянный ерик).
 The Sand River is a major tributary of the Beaver River in Alberta Canada.
 The Chao Phraya (Thai: แม่น้ำเจ้าพระยา (Pronunciation)) is a major river in Thailand with its low alluvial plain forming the centre of the country. It flows through Bangkok and then into the Gulf of Thailand.
 Vening Meinesz is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. The northern inner wall of this crater lies along the lunar equator. To the north of this formation is the larger crater Mandel'shtam and slightly farther to the south is the larger Keeler. Dewar is located less than one crater diameter to the southeast of Vening Meinesz.This is an eroded feature with multiple small craterlets along the rim. As a result the structure has been worn down and the rim edge is no longer well-defined.
 Garibong is a mountain in the county of Inje Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1059.7 m (3477 ft).
 The North Fork River or the North Fork of White River is a 109-mile-long (175 km) tributary of the White River into which it flows near Norfork Arkansas.It rises in Wright County Missouri southeast of the city of Mountain Grove and flows generally southwards through Douglas and Ozark counties. It flows through Mark Twain National Forest and gathers the waters of many streams including its major tributary Bryant Creek.
 Hardown Hill (207 metres 679 feet high) is a hill between Ryall and Morcombelake in the county of Dorset England. It rises west of the South Dorset Downs close to the Dorset coast and overlooks the Marshwood Vale to the north.
 Eratosthenes is a relatively deep lunar impact crater that lies on the boundary between the Mare Imbrium and Sinus Aestuum mare regions. It forms the western terminus of the Montes Apenninus mountain range. The crater has a well-defined circular rim terraced inner wall central mountain peaks an irregular floor and an outer rampart of ejecta.
 The Cima di Gana Bianca is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Acquarossa in the canton of Ticino. It lies west of the Rheinwaldhorn between the main Blenio valley and the Val Malvaglia.
 Dry Cottonwood Creek is a creek in Deer Lodge County Montana. Approximately 10 miles (16 km) long it flows northwest out of the southern reaches of the Boulder Mountains into the Clark Fork river near Deer Lodge Montana. Sapphires are found along this creek.
 The Crasna River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Purui River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 The Shozma (Russian: Шожма) is a river in Nyandomsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Mosha River. It is 54 kilometres (34 mi) long. The river flows out of Lake Big Shozhma (Russian: Bolshoye Shozmaozero) crosses the Arkhangelsk-Moscow railway near the village of Shipakhovsky and crosses the village then flows to the north up to village of Shozhma which is on the left bank there it turns to the east.
 Fenton Lake is a lake of Victoria County in northeastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 The San Juan River is one of the main river system in Metro Manila Philippines and is a major tributary of the Pasig River. It begins near La Mesa Dam as the San Francisco del Monte River which officially takes on the name San Juan River when it meets with Mariblo Creek in Quezon City. As the San Juan River it passes through Quezon City San Juan City the District of Sta Mesa Manila and Mandaluyong City.
 Polveracchio is a mountain of the Monti Picentini Campania Italy. It is 1790m high and is included in the eponymous natural oasis established in 1988 which is in turn part of the Monti Picentini Regional Park.
 The Alzou is a short river in the Lot département southern France a right tributary of the Ouysse. It flows through the town Rocamadour and joins the Ouysse itself a left tributary of the Dordogne downstream of Rocamadour. The valleys of both the Alzou and the Ouysse are deep limestone canyons.The river once powered the watermill moulin du Saut whose ruins can be visited on foot.
 Rocallarga is a mountain of the Guilleries Massif Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1186.5 metres above sea level.
 Lake Untersee (German: Untersee Lower Lake) is the largest surface freshwater lake in the interior of the Gruber Mountains of central Queen Maud Land in East Antarctica. It is situated 90 kilometres (56 mi) to the southwest of the Schirmacher Oasis. The lake is approximately 6.5 kilometres (4.0 mi) long and 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) wide with a surface area of 11.4 square kilometres (4.4 sq mi) and a maximum depth of 169 metres (554 ft).
 The Cireș River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Gurney Peak is a 7192-foot (2192 m) spire-shaped peak in the Kichatna Mountains of the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve southwest of Mount McKinley. Caldwell and Shadows Glaciers originate from Gurney Peak.
 Lake Heron is a freshwater lake in the South Island of New Zealand. It is drained by Lake Stream which in turn feeds into the Rakaia River.Forest and Bird have expressed concern over the environmental impacts of new roading on the southern shore of the lake.
 Beinn Dubhchraig (Gaelic: Beinn Dubh-chreig) is a Scottish mountain that is situated eight kilometres west of Crianlarich in the northern part of the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park.
 The Maramarua River is a river of the Waikato Region New Zealand.
 Bear Mountain is a 3219-foot (981 m) mountain located in Bartlett New Hampshire USA. Bear Mountain is flanked to the northwest across Bear Notch by Bartlett Haystack (2995 ft / 1027 m). To the east is Table Mountain (2675 ft / 815 m) followed by Big Attitash Mountain (2920 ft / 890 m). The north side of Bear Mountain drains via Louisville Brook and Albany Brook to the Saco River in Bartlett.
 Ventris is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located between the crater Schliemann just to the northwest and the large Keeler which lies slightly farther to the southeast. One crater diameter to the northeast is Vening Meinesz.Since it was formed this crater has been heavily worn and eroded by subsequent impacts. Multiple craters lie across the rim and within the interior. The largest of these is Ventris C covering the northeastern rim.
 Lake Lessing is one of the few natural lakes in Armenia. It lies in the Aragats mountain range.
 The River Tone is a river in Somerset England which is about 32 miles (51 km) long. It rises at Beverton Pond near Huish Champflower in the Brendon Hills and is dammed at Clatworthy Reservoir. The reservoir outfall continues through Taunton and Curry and Hay Moors which are designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest. Finally it joins the River Parrett at Burrowbridge.An act of Parliament granted in 1699 authorised work that made the river navigable as far as Taunton.
 Fish Lake Reservoir sometimes called Fish Lake Flowage is a 3526-acre (14.27 km2) impoundment of the Beaver River part of the Cloquet and Saint Louis River system located 20 miles northwest of the city of Duluth Minnesota.Fish Lake Reservoir known locally as simply Fish Lake spans the townships of Fredenberg Township Canosia Township and Grand Lake Township in southern Saint Louis County Minnesota.Fish Lake Reservoir is a 3071 acre lake located northwest of Duluth with 75% (2303 acres) littoral area and a maximum depth of 36 feet. 
 Baker Mountain is a wild trail-less mountain located in Beaver Cove (TA.2 R.13&14 WELS) Piscataquis County Maine. It is flanked to the northwest by Lily Bay Mountain. Elephant Mountain is about 2 miles (3 km) to the southwest and White Cap Mountain is about 5 miles (8 km) to the east.The east side of Baker Mountain drains into Baker Mountain Brook then into the West Branch of the Pleasant River the Piscataquis River the Penobscot River and into Penobscot Bay.
 Annex Peak is a mountain in the city and borough of Juneau Alaska United States. It is a part of the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains in western North America. It is 3 miles (4.8 km) west of Scow Cove and 11 miles (18 km) northeast of the city of Juneau.The mountain's name was published locally by D. A. Brew and A. B.
 Schmollensee is a lake in Usedom Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 0 m its surface area is 5.03 km².
 Gulf of Corcovado (Spanish: Golfo de Corcovado) is a large body of water separating the Chiloé Island from the mainland of Chile. Geologically it is a foreland basin that has been carved out by Quaternary glaciers. A large population of blue whales is found there and it is under threat from salmon farming.[citation needed]
 Grímsnes is a fissure or crater row volcano located in southwestern Iceland a relatively small volcanic system located SE of Thingvallavatn lake east of an en echelon group of volcanic fields extending across the Reykjanes Peninsula. The elevation at its apex is 214 meters.
 Wiki Peak is a mountain in the Nutzotin Mountains of Alaska within Wrangell-St. Elias National Park and Preserve. It is located near the Canadian border.
 Crimson Lake is a lake in Alberta. It is located in Crimson Lake Provincial Park in Clearwater County northwest of the town of Rocky Mountain House. Birdwatching swimming boating and hiking are popular activities at Crimson Lake in the summer while the winter season offers visitors cross-country skiing opportunities
 Helgåvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The 3.52-square-kilometre (1.36 sq mi) lake lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of the village of Flostrand.
 Behram is an impact crater on the anti-Saturn hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Behram was first observed in Cassini images during that mission's March 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 15.4° South Latitude 181.0° West Longitude and is 13.7 kilometers across. Behram's rim overlaps that of Shakashik suggesting that Behram formed after Shakashik.
 Dalyup River is a river located in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.The first European to discover the river was Surveyor General John Septimus Roe in 1848 who named it the Gore River after one of Captain James Cook's crew from the Endeavour Lieutenant John Gore.The river was charted for the first time as the Dalyup River in 1875.The name Dalyup is the Indigenous Australian word for the King Parrot.The river rises west of Scaddan and flows south into Lake Gore.The main tributary of the river is the West Dalyup River. 
 Beddington Lake is a lake in Washington County Maine United States. It is located less than 0.5 miles (0.80 km) east of the Hancock County border near the town of Beddington and the intersection of Maine State Routes 9 and 193. The outflow and primary inflow to Beddington Lake is from the Narraguagus River. There are a number of unpaved roads and private residences surrounding the lake.
 Lautenbach (Linzer Aach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Russell Lake is a small shallow lake in Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality in the community of Dartmouth. The lake is bounded by the development of Russell Lake West to the west Woodside to the south Woodlawn to the north and Portland Estates to the east.
 The Tarwin River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the South Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria. The Tarwin River is the primary river system within South Gippsland Shire and has a catchment area of approximately 1500 square kilometres (580 sq mi) predominantly rural with small pockets of residential land use.
 Benain River is a river of Timor Indonesia.
 Pecha (Tibetan: དཔེ་ཆ་ Wylie: dpe cha) is a Tibetan word meaning book but in particular refers to the traditional Tibetan loose-leaf books such as the kangyur tengyur and sadhanas. Pechas sometimes have top and bottom cover plates made of wood cardboard or other firm materials and are often seen wrapped in cloth for protection.
 Jabal Ghulayyil Khun is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Mount Noro (野呂山 Noro-san) is one the most popular mountains around Hiroshima Japan.Mount Noro is the part of Setonaikai National Park.Mount Misen is famous for mountain climbing trekking camping and sakura camellia hydrangea autumn leaves and maples and sunset view.There are historical shrines and temples include Noro Shrine (野呂神社 Noro-jinja) and Kōbō Temple (弘法寺 Kōbō-ji).
 Spaneggsee is a lake in Filzbach Glarus Switzerland. Its surface area is 4.7 ha.
 Lyskamm (also spelled Liskamm) (4527 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps lying on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It consists of a five-kilometre-long ridge with two distinct peaks. The mountain has gained a reputation for seriousness because of the many cornices lying on the ridge and the frequent avalanches thus leading to its nickname the Menschenfresser (man eater).
 The Prislop River is a tributary of the Vorova River in Romania.
 Kawkawa Lake is a lake located 2.5 km (1.6 mi) east of Hope British Columbia. Kawkawa is also the name for the neighbourhood in Hope surrounding Kawkawa Lake.The lake is home to many species of fish but it is best known for its large kokanee (land-locked salmon) which can reach up to 3+ lbs in weight.Kawkawa Lake Park is situated on the lake and has amenities such as: toilets swimming beach grassy play area park benches with picnic tables and a small dock that has a concrete boat launch.
 Tijeras Peak is the highest summit in Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve in Colorado. Located in the heart of the Sangre de Cristo Range it is part of a group of six thirteeners at the north end of the park that includes Milwaukee Peak and Mount Herard. The west slope of the mountain is within Rio Grande National Forest.Tijeras is Spanish for scissors and refers to the double-pronged rocky tip of the mountain.
 The Motupipi River is a short river of the Tasman Region of the South Island of New Zealand. It flows north to reach Golden Bay to the east of Takaka.
 Heungjeongsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1276.5 m (4188 ft).
 The Valea Seacă River or Hăigaş River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 The Dobruș River is a tributary of the Răcătău River in Romania.
 The Jájome River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Katsuk Peak (8680 feet (2650 m)) is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. Katsuk Peak is a summit along a ridge known as Jagged Edge. Katsuk Glacier is on the north slopes of the peak. Katsuk Peak is separated from Mesahchie Peak by a distance of only .25 mi (0.40 km).
 The Alegre River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Thelon River (or Akilinik) stretches 900 kilometres (560 mi) across northern Canada. Its source is Whitefish Lake in the Northwest Territories and it flows east to Baker Lake in Nunavut. The Thelon ultimately drains into Hudson Bay at Chesterfield Inlet.
 Aquia Creek (pronunciation: /ɑːˈkwaɪə/) is a 27.6-mile-long (44.4 km) tributary of the tidal segment of the Potomac River and is located in northern Virginia. The creek's headwaters lie in southeastern Fauquier County and it empties into the Potomac at Brent Point in Stafford County 45 miles (72 km) south of Washington D.C.
 Sutton Bank also known as Roulston Scar is a hill in the Hambleton District of North Yorkshire in England. It is a high point on the Hambleton Hills and the North York Moors National Park with extensive views over the Vale of York and the Vale of Mowbray. The hill is the site of one of the most important prehistoric monuments in the region—a massive hillfort built in the Iron Age around 400 BC.
 Saselbek is a short little river of Hamburg Germany.
 Traveler Mountain is a mountain located in Piscataquis County Maine in Baxter State Park. The Traveler is the eighth-most prominent in Maine. Subsidiary peaks include the Peak of the Ridges 3225 ft (983 m) North and South Traveler Mountain 3144 ft (958 m) and 2677 ft (816 m) respectively.The Traveler stands within the watershed of the Penobscot River which drains into Penobscot Bay on the coast of Maine. The east side of the Traveler drains into the East Branch of the Penobscot River.
 Sorsavesi is a rather bigmedium-sized lake in the southeast of Finland partly in the region Southern Savonia and partly in Northern Savonia. It belongs to Vuoksi main catchment area.
 The Spânu River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 Piethorne Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester. It is a tributary of the River Beal.
 The Tămășești River is a tributary of the Zam River in Romania.
 The Serorome River is a river in the Central District of Botswana a tributary of the Limpopo River.
 The Togcha River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Arklow Hill (local name unknown) dominates the town of Arklow to the south and is situated in the southeastern section of the Wicklow Mountains just 2 km from the Irish Sea coast. It is a prominent feature from the N11 National primary route which passes a kilometer east of the summit.
 The Blaeberry River is a tributary of the Columbia River in the Columbia Country of British Columbia Canada rising in the Canadian Rockies on the south side of Howse Pass and joining the Columbia midway between the town of Golden at the confluence of the Kicking Horse River and the east foot of the Rogers Pass at the head of Kinbasket Lake and the mouth of the Beaver River.
 The Crișul Văratecului River is a tributary of the Crişul Poienii River in Romania.
 The Hustler River is a river of Minnesota. Hustler Lake is a small body of water on the river and is one terminus of the Sioux–Hustler Trail.
 The Iardașița River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Löcknitz is a river in northern Germany (Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Brandenburg and a few km in Lower Saxony). It is a right tributary of the Elbe and its total length is 66 km. The Löcknitz originates south of Parchim and flows through Karstädt Lenzen and Dömitz. The Löcknitz joins the Elbe in Wehningen a few km downstream from Dömitz.
 The Töss is a river of the Canton of Zürich. It rises in the Zürcher Oberland flows along the Töss Valley (Tösstal) past Winterthur and joins the Rhine at Tössegg near Teufen.
 Wilkie Sugar Loaf is a Canadian peak in the Cape Breton Highlands near the community of Sugar Loaf in the province of Nova Scotia.Wilkie Sugar Loaf is a forested pyramid rising from the shore of Aspy Bay 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the Cabot Trail.
 The Ortiz Mountains are a mountain range in north central New Mexico United States in Santa Fe County northeast of the Sandia Mountains and due north of the San Pedro Mountains. The Ortiz include Placer Peak the highest peak in the range at 8858 feet Lone Mountain at 7310 feet Cedar Mountain at 7041 feet Cerro Chato at 6965 feet and the foothills known as the Los Lomas de la Bolsa.
 Tucker Lake is a lake in Beaver Bank NS which is north of Bedford and Halifax The lake lies next to Beaver Bank Road in Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lüner Lake (German Lünersee) is a large lake near the town of Bludenz in Vorarlberg Austria. The lake's depth was raised by 72 metres by the construction of a hydroelectric dam in 1958. The dam supplies water to four local power plants Lünersee Rodund I Rodund II and Walgau. The lake is linked to the village of Brand by a cable car system the Lünerseebahn.
 The Pârâul Lomului is a tributary of the Racovița River in Romania.
 Sandy Creek is a tributary of the Tuscarawas River 41.3 miles (66.5 km) long in northeastern Ohio in the United States.
 Woodward Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in Nares Strait off eastern Ellesmere Island. Copes Bay is 12.2 km (7.6 mi) to the north and Sawyer Bay is 13.4 km (8.3 mi) to the southwest.
 The Bermuda Triangle also known as the Devil's Triangle is a loosely defined region in the western part of the North Atlantic Ocean where a number of aircraft and ships are said to have disappeared under mysterious circumstances. According to the US Navy the triangle does not exist and the name is not recognized by the US Board on Geographic Names. Popular culture has attributed various disappearances to the paranormal or activity by extraterrestrial beings.
 The Bennett Range is a subrange of the Tagish Highland located on the west side of Bennett Lake in Yukon and British Columbia Canada.
 Langavatnet is a lake in the municipality of Odda in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Peruípe River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Plattigkopf is a mountain in the Glockturmkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Valea Pietrelor River is a tributary of the Valea Coacăzei River in Romania.
 The Montezuma Hills comprise a small range of low-elevation hills at the northern banks of the Sacramento River Delta in Solano County California. The Montezuma Hills are bounded by the Sacramento River on the south and east; the Montezuma Slough on the west and roughly by California State Route 12 on the north.
 Mount Tyree (4852m) is the second highest mountain of Antarctica located 13 kilometres northwest of Vinson Massif (4892 m) the highest peak on the continent. It surmounts Patton Glacier to the north and Cervellati Glacier to the southeast.Mt. Tyree was discovered in January 1958 during reconnaissance flights by the United States Navy VX-6 squadron and mapped later that month by the Marie Byrd Land Traverse Party. The mountain was named for Rear Admiral David M.
 The Chocón Machacas River is a river in eastern Guatemala. The sources of the 53 km-long river are located on the eastern slopes of the Sierra de Santa Cruz at 15.793835°N 89.133890°W﻿ / 15.793835; -89.133890. From there it flows in a generally west-south-west direction into the Golfete Dulce. The Chocón Machacas river and Golfete Dulce complex form one of Guatemala's few remaining habitats for the endangered Caribbean manatee (Trichechus manatus).
 Wila Lluxi (Aymara wila red blood lluxi landslide red landslide hispanicized spellings Wila Lloje Huilaroje) is a mountain in the Andes about 5596 m (18360 ft) high located in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Batallas Municipality Kirani Canton. It is situated on the western side of the Janq'u Quta valley next to Mount Warawarani and Paqu Kiwuta.
 Mount Clague is a mountain in the Kitimat Ranges of western British Columbia Canada located west of the junction of Wedeene River and Kitimat River just northwest of Kitimat.
 Sermitsiaq (Saddle Mountain) is a 1210 metres (3970 ft) tall mountain north-east of Nuuk the capital of Greenland. It is located on an island of the same name in the Nuup Kangerlua fjord with its summit visible from most places in the city.
 The Wairau River is one of the longest rivers in New Zealand's South Island. It flows for 170 kilometres from the Spenser Mountains (a northern range of the Southern Alps) firstly in a northwards direction and then northeast down a long straight valley in inland Marlborough.The river's lower reaches are noted for the surrounding fertile plain now one of New Zealand's finest wine producing regions.
 Lake Endla is a lake of Estonia.
 Southampton Water is a tidal estuary north of the Solent and the Isle of Wight in England. The city of Southampton lies at its most northerly point. Along its salt marsh-fringed western shores lie the New Forest villages of Hythe and the waterside Dibden Bay and the Esso oil refinery at Fawley.
 The Hochkarspitze is a 2484 m high mountain in the Karwendel on the border between Bavaria and Tyrol. It is part of the Northern Karwendel Chain which runs initially northwards before swinging east at the Wörner.
 Mühlenbach (Schwarzbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Pleșa River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 The Mount Irish Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada. The range is bounded by the Coal Valley to the north the Pahranagat Valley to the east the Tikaboo Valley to the southwest and the Wild Horse Valley to the northwest.
 The Dobricelu River is a tributary of the Dobric River in Romania.
 The Bold River is a tributary of Lake Balta Albă (Buzău River) in Romania.
 Image Lake is a tarn in Glacier Peak Wilderness in the North Cascades of Washington United States. The lake is surrounded by Plummer Peak to the east a lookout point to the west the Miners Creek drainage and Glacier Peak to the south and Canyon Lake to the north. The course of the popular Miners Ridge Trail skirts the lake.
 Waitabit Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1900.
 Serbenta is a river of Biržai district municipality Panevėžys County northern Lithuania. It flows for 12.8 kilometres and has a basin area of 44 km².
 Brown's Mountain is a mountain in Cherokee County in the state of South Carolina United States. Brown's Mountain summit is at an elevation of 1035 feet (315 meters) above sea level. The mountain is one of the three main mountain summits of Kings Mountain National Military Park and is the highest in the park. The other mountain summits are Joes Mountain and Kings Mountain.
 The Eleven Point River is a 138-mile-long (222 km) river in southern Missouri and northern Arkansas United States. It originates near Willow Springs Missouri. It more than doubles in flow when Greer Spring Branch runs into it adding over 200 million US gallons (760000 m3) of water per day to the river. The name derives from the Mississippi Valley French word pointe which is a wooded point of land marking a river bend.
 Lake Lafayette is a prairie lake located in the coastal lowland in eastern Tallahassee Leon County Florida with US 27 / State Road 20 running close on its south side.
 The Gropița River is a tributary of the Pârâul Morii in Romania.
 Elk Pond Mountain is a peak of the Blue Ridge Mountains on the border of Nelson and Rockbridge counties in Virginia. Elk Pond Mountain is flanked to the east by Maintop Mountain and to the southwest by Rocky Mountain.Elk Pond Mountain stands within the watershed of the James River which drains into Chesapeake Bay.The east side of Elk Pond Mtn. drains into the North Fork of the Piney River thence into the Tye River and the James River.The northeastern side of the north end of Elk Pond Mtn.
 The Little Kowai River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally south from the Torlesse Range to join with the Kowai River two kilometres north of Springfield.
 Romanovka (Russian: Романовка) is a stratovolcano in central Kamchatka. The volcano is located at the north of Kozyrevka River in the southern Sredinny Range.
 The Mount Edziza volcanic complex is a large and potentially active north-south trending complex volcano in Stikine Country northwestern British Columbia Canada located 38 kilometres (24 mi) southeast of the small community of Telegraph Creek. It occupies the southeastern portion of the Tahltan Highland an upland area of plateau and lower mountain ranges lying east of the Boundary Ranges and south of the Inklin River which is the east fork of the Taku River.
 The Neagra Mică River is a headwater of the Neagra River in Romania.
 The Confusion Range is a north-south trending mountain range in west-central Utah USA. It is bounded by Snake Valley to the west Tule Valley to the east the Great Salt Lake Desert to the north and the Ferguson Desert to the south. The range trends into the Burbank Hills Mountain Home Range and the Wah Wah Mountains to the south. In the central part of the range an offshoot of the mountains to the west is known as the Conger Range.
 Source Lake is a small lake in geographic Canisbay and Peck townships in the Unorganized South part of Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It lies in southern Algonquin Provincial Park and is part of the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin. The river is the source of the Madawaska River which flows via the Ottawa River to the Saint Lawrence River.Camp Pathfinder a boys' summer camp is located on Source Lake.
 The Chicera River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 For the town of the same name see Robledo ColombiaRobledo is the name of a caldera in Catamarca Province Argentina.
 White Crown Mountain is a mountain in the Princess Margaret Range on Axel Heiberg Island Nunavut Canada. It is located on the southwestern edge of the Muller Icecap and is surrounded by glaciers.
 Talao Pali (Masunda Lake Marathi : मासुंदा तलाव) is a lake located in Thane in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The lake is surrounded by roads on all sides including Shivaji path(including STATIS flyover) Uthalsar road and Talao pali road. The lake is located about 600 m west of Thane creek and a kilometer north of Thane railway station. This is one of the recreational areas for people who live in Thane which offers boating and water scooter facilities.
 Jabal Al Alam is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Valea Arsă River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest river in Romania.
 The Orba is a torrent (Italian: torrente — a stream whose flow shows a very marked seasonal variation) of northern Italy. Its c. 70 km course runs northwards through Piedmont from its springs in the Apennines to its confluence with the Bormida a right tributary of the Po.
 Anderson Lake is located about 25 miles North of the town of Pemberton British Columbia and is about 28.5 km² (11 sq mi) in area and around 21 km (13 mi) in length. Its maximum depth is 215 meters (705 feet). It is drained by the Seton River which feeds Seton Lake and so the Fraser River.
 The Valea Porcului River is a tributary of the Văleni River in Romania.
 Ben Chonzie also known as Ben-y Hone (Gaelic Beinn a' Chòinnich meaning mossy mountain) is a Scottish mountain situated eleven kilometres northwest of Crieff. It stands at 931 m (3054 ft) and is therefore listed as a Munro. It is the highest point of a large area of moorland and rounded hills between Loch Earn and Loch Tay and with a broad flat summit and relatively few distinguishing features it is often regarded as one of Scotland's least interesting Munros.
 Zigi River in literature also often Sigi River (Swahili: Sigi Mto) is a river in the Tanga Region in Tanzania.The river rises in the Amani Nature Reserve in the Usambara Mountains more precisely in Handei Mountains at an altitude of 1130 meters and flows for 100 km long course and multiple changes of direction 40 km north of the town of Tanga in the Indian Ocean. Its tributaries are the Kihuhui (from south) and the Musi (from North).
 The Slough Arm is a short canal branch from the Grand Union Main Line to Slough in Berkshire (before 1974 in Buckinghamshire) England. It was originally opened to serve the brick-making industry. The last commercial traffic was carried in 1960 but as the plans to fill it in were opposed locally the stretch was re-opened in 1975 and has remained in-use since.
 The Canalul Oporelu (Oporelu Canal) is an artificial canal built along the right bank dyke of the Arceşti Lake on the Olt River in Romania. Its role is to intercept the right bank tributaries of the Olt river and to convey them downstream of the Arceşti Dam. The Oporelu Canal is registered as an artificial river in the Romania's official registry of rivers.
 The Iftimia River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Lenin Peak (Kyrgyz: Ленин Чокусу Russian: Пик Ленина; Tajik: қуллаи Ленин renamed қуллаи Абӯалӣ ибни Сино in July 2006) rises to 7134 metres (23406 ft) in Gorno-Badakhshan (GBAO) on the border of Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan and is the second-highest point of both countries. It is considered one of the easiest 7000 m peaks in the world to climb and it has by far the most ascents of any 7000 m or higher peak on earth with every year seeing hundreds of climbers make their way to the summit.
 Norris Mountain (8882 feet (2707 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Norris Mountain is situated along the Continental Divide and is less than 1 mile (1.6 km) northwest of Triple Divide Peak.
 Javor (Serbian Cyrillic: Јавор pronounced [jâʋɔr]) is a mountain in central Serbia between towns of Sjenica and Ivanjica. Its highest peak Vasilin vrh has an elevation of 1519 meters above sea level.
 Mount Blackmore is located in Gallatin National Forest in the U.S. state of Montana. Bozeman is located near the East Gallatin River Gallatin County Mount Blackmore is south of the City of Bozeman in the Gallatin Range. Ferdinand Vandeveer Hayden's survey expedition of the Yellowstone area named the peak for Mary Blackmore wife of William Blackmore an English land speculator and philanthropist who accompanied the Hayden Survey.
 Fjerdvatnet or Kråkmovatnet (Lule Sami: Skilggajávri) is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. The European route E06 highway runs along the eastern shore of the lake. The lake lies about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) southeast of the village of Tømmerneset. The large lake Rekvatnet lies just to the east and the lake Sandnesvatnet lies just to the north of this lake.
 Windy Pass (el. 6507 ft.) is a mountain pass in the Cascade Mountains in Washington. It is in the Alpine Lakes Wilderness area.
 Lago di Canterno is a lake in the Province of Frosinone Lazio Italy.
 Lake Isabel is located within the San Isabel National Forest in Pueblo County and Custer County Colorado United States. The lake is in the Wet Mountains. The lake is largely open to fishing year around and is regularly stocked by the Colorado Department of Wildlife. Available activities include fishing hiking camping and sledding in the winter.
 Oberaarsee is a reservoir in the Grimsel area part of the municipality of Guttannen Switzerland. The Oberaar glacier is located west of the lake. Its surface area is 1.47 km². The Oberaar dam was completed in 1953.It is drained by the Oberaarbach which flows into the Grimselsee.
 Snaefell (Manx: Sniaull) is the highest mountain and the only summit higher than 2000 feet (610 m) on the Isle of Man at 620 metres (2034 ft) above sea level. The summit is crowned by a train station cafe and several communications masts.
 Pirquet is an eroded lunar impact crater that lies to the northwest of the larger crater Levi-Civita on the far side of the Moon. About three crater diameters to the west is the prominent Tsiolkovskiy. To the north-northeast of Pirquet is Denning.The rim and interior of Pirquet are marked by a number of small craterlets. A small crater is protruding into the inner wall along the south-southeastern side.
 Monte Plische is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1991 metres.
 Polar Bear Peak is a 6614 ft (2016 m). mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska located in Chugach State Park. Situated in the Chugach Mountains it lies at the head of South Fork Eagle River 5 mi (8.0 km) ESE of Eagle Lake and 22 miles (35 km) ESE of downtown Anchorage. The peak was named in 1963 by members of the Mountaineering Club of Alaska because a snow patch on its north face resembles a Polar bear skin.
 The Valea Ulucilor River is a tributary of the Valea Peşterii River in Romania.
 At 2558 metres (8392 ft) high Grintovec is the highest mountain in the Kamnik–Savinja Alps. It is a popular location for hiking climbing and skiing. The first recorded ascent was in 1759 by the botanist Giovanni Antonio Scopoli.Grintovec has a prominence of 1706 metres (5597 ft) and is therefore an ultra. It is the second most prominent peak in Slovenia after Triglav.It is relativetly easy to climb if you start from hut in Kamniška Bistrica via Cojzova Koča.
 Visoki Kurji vrh (1822 m) also just Visoki vrh is a peak in the Western Karavanke Alps in Slovenia.
 Caldwell Glacier is a glacier in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Kichatna Mountains at Gurney Peak and Lewis Peak moving southwest to become a source of the Kichatna River. Named in 1889 by explorer Lt. J.S. Herron it is 5 miles (8.0 km) long.
 The Small Jamuna River (Bengali: ছোট যমুনা নদী) is a river in North Bengal Bangladesh. In 2007 it was observed that the river might merge with the Jamuna River. It passes through Joypurhat.
 Waisomo River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Dießenbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Gråsteinsnosi is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway.
 The Truyère (French pronunciation: ​[tʁy.jɛːʁ]) is a 167 km long river in south-western France right tributary of the Lot River. Its source is in the south-western Massif Central north of Mende. It flows generally west through the following départements and towns: Lozère: Le Malzieu-Ville Cantal Aveyron: Entraygues-sur-TruyèreThe Truyère flows into the Lot River in Entraygues-sur-Truyère.
 Gore Mountain is a mountain located in the uninhabited Avery's Gore in Essex County Vermont about 6 miles (10 km) south of the United States-Canada border with Quebec. In Vermont gores and grants are unincorporated portions of a county which are not part of any town and have limited self-government (if any as many are uninhabited).Gore Mtn.
 The Crochu River is a river of Grenada.
 The Crișanu River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 Smith River is a 90-mile (140 km) tributary of the Umpqua River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It drains 218 square miles (560 km2) of the Central Oregon Coast Range between the watershed of the Umpqua to the south and the Siuslaw River to the north.Rising in northern Douglas County about 10 miles (16 km) north of Drain the river flows generally west in a winding course through the mountains passing through the Siuslaw National Forest for about 10 miles (16 km) in its lower course.
 Ammonius is a bowl-shaped lunar impact crater with a slightly raised rim. It is located on the floor of the walled plain Ptolemaeus about 30 kilometers northeast of the crater midpoint. In the past this crater was identified as Ptolemaeus A before being named by the IAU.Just to the north on the lava-flooded floor of Ptolemaeus is a relatively prominent ghost crater: the discernible buried rim of a pre-existing crater.
 Płoska - is a river in east Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship a left tributary of the Supraśl River with a length of 236 kilometres and the basin area of 216 km2. There is good river for rafting. The largest tributary is Świniobródka.
 The Kennett River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It arises in the Otway Ranges and enters Bass Strait to the east of Cape Otway through the locality of the same name.It was named by surveyor George Smythe after the River Kennet in Berkshire England.
 The Elfenstein is a hill spur about 475 m above sea level in the northern foothills of the Harz Mountains of central Germany and the site of the eponymous granite rock formation above the town of Bad Harzburg. It is located in the unincorporated area of Harz in the county of Goslar in the state of Lower Saxony.
 Świdwie [ˈɕfidvjɛ] is a lake in north-western Poland being the site of a nature reserve and a Ramsar site (one of 13 such sites in Poland).The lake is situated in West Pomeranian Voivodeship (in Police County) at the edge of the Wkrzańska Forest. It has an area of approximately 8.9 square kilometres (3.4 sq mi). It lies on the Gunica river.
 The Tongue River (Texas) is a river in Texas.
 Lake Shōji (精進湖 Shōji-ko) is the one of the Fuji Five Lakes and located in southern Yamanashi Prefecture near Mount Fuji Japan.It is the smallest of the Fuji Five Lakes in terms of surface area and third deepest with a maximum water depth of 15.2 metres (50 ft).
 Rutherfurd is a lunar impact crater located entirely within the southern rim of the much larger crater Clavius. The crater Porter is located to the north-northeast of Rutherfurd on the northeastern rim of Clavius. Rutherfurd forms the larger member in an arcing chain of craters of decreasing size that curves across the floor of Clavius. The craters in this chain do not appear to be the same age so this formation is most likely random in nature.
 The Rovina River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania.
 Mönkh Khairkhan (Mongolian: Мөнххайрхан lit. eternal holy mountain) is the second highest mountain in Mongolia located in the Khovd Province. Its highest peak Sükhbaatar at the elevation of 4204 meters under the permanent snow-cap.
 Amsoldingersee is small lake adjacent to the town of Amsoldingen in the Upper Gürbetal. It is located near the city of Thun Switzerland. The lake has a surface area of 38 hectares and a maximum length of 1.1 km and width of 500 m. The maximum depth is 14 m. It is fed by Rotmoos-Bach from the smaller Uebeschisee.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Nušl /ˈnʊʃəl/ is an impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies just to the north of the crater Trumpler and to the west of Shayn.This crater has a slightly eroded rim and still possesses some terrace or ledge structures along the inner wall. A small crater is attached to the exterior rim along the east-northeast. The interior floor is relatively level with an elongated central ridge near the midpoint.
 Miñiques is a massive volcanic complex containing a large number of craters lava domes and flows located in the Antofagasta Region of Chile. Located 21 km (13 mi) south of Volcán Chiliques and 26 km (16 mi) west of Cordón Puntas Negras it is part of a frequently visited attraction conformed by the high plain lagoons Laguna Miscanti Laguna Miñiques and the Cerro Miscanti volcano.
 The Nirajul Mic River (Hungarian: Kis-Nyárád Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈkiʃɲaːraːd] meaning Small Poplar) is a headwater of the Niraj River in Transylvania Romania. It joins the Nirajul Mare River in the village of Câmpu Cetăţii to form the Niraj River.This river should not be confused with the Nirajul Mic River having the same name but joining the Niraj River near the city of Miercurea Nirajului
 The Comendii River is a tributary of the Dobra River in Romania.
 Hadeborn is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Puigpedrós is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2912 metres above sea level.
 Shasta Lake is a reservoir in Shasta County California United States. It is within the Whiskeytown–Shasta–Trinity National Recreation Area operated by the Shasta-Trinity National Forest.It is impounded by Shasta Dam the second largest dam and tallest concrete dam in the United States. Known as the keystone of the Central Valley Project the outflow of Shasta Dam provides electricity and irrigation water.
 The Ruda River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 Skarttind is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Melton Mowbray Navigation was formed when the River Wreake in Leicestershire England was made navigable upstream from its junction with the River Soar and the Leicester Navigation near Syston to Melton Mowbray opening in 1797.
 Great St. Bernard Pass (Fr. Col du Grand-Saint-Bernard It. Colle del Gran San Bernardo) (el. 2469 m.) is the third highest road pass in Switzerland. It connects Martigny in the Canton of Valais in Switzerland to Aosta in Italy. It is the lowest pass lying on the ridge between the two highest summits of the Alps Mont Blanc and Monte Rosa. The pass itself is located in Switzerland in the canton of Valais very close to Italy.
 The Pârâul Ursului is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Unteraar Glacier (Unteraargletscher in German) is the larger of the two sources of the Aar river in the Bernese Alps. It emerges from the association of the Finsteraar Glacier (near the Finsteraarhorn) and the Lauteraar Glacier (near the Lauteraarhorn) and flows for about 6 km (3.7 mi) to the east down to the Grimselsee near the Grimsel Pass. In total the glacier is 12.95 km (8.05 mi) long and 29.48 km2 (11.38 sq mi) in area (1973).
 The Ombla is a short river in Croatia northeast of Dubrovnik. Its course is approximately 30 metres (98 feet) long and it empties into the Rijeka Dubrovačka embayment of the Adriatic Sea near Komolac in Dubrovnik-Neretva County. Rijeka Dubrovačka is actually a ria a flooded river valley formed through changes in sea surface elevation on a geologic time scale.
 The West Hills (Box Elder County) are a 20-mile (32 km) long mountain range located in northeast Box Elder County Utah United States. The range is connected to the Samaria Mountains a small range on the north in Idaho. The West Hills are also connected to another section on the southwest the Blue Spring Hills.
 Lake June in Winter on the west side of Lake Placid Florida has a surface area of 3726.11-acre (15079000 m2). This lake is also spelled Lake June-in-Winter and was once known as Lake Stearns. The lake is kidney-shaped with coves on the northeast and northwest. Lake June is bordered on the south some of the east and much of the north by residences and residential areas. The entire western shore is bordered by Lake June in Winter Scrub State Park.
 Lyari River (Urdu: دریائے لیاری ‎) is a small ephemeral stream that flows through the Pakistani megacity of Karachi from north east to the center and drains into the Arabian Sea at the Manora channel. It is one of the two rivers of Karachi the other one being Malir River. The river is about 50 kilometres (30 miles) long. As a seasonal river it carrys the collected water after the rains in the catchment area.
 For other uses see Antelope Valley (disambiguation)The Antelope Valley of southern Eureka County is a small 35 mi (56 km) long valley surrounded by four mountain ranges. Antelope Wash flows north to endorheic flatlands at the valley's north end. Eureka Nevada lies 20 mi east nestled among mountain ranges. From Eureka U.S. Route 50 travels west through the north end of the valley on a route to Austin.
 Huangshan (simplified Chinese: 黄山; traditional Chinese: 黃山; pinyin: Huángshān; literally Yellow Mountain) is a mountain range in southern Anhui province in eastern China. The range is composed of material that was uplifted from an ancient sea during the Mesozoic era 100 million years ago. The mountains themselves were carved by glaciers during the Quaternary. Vegetation on the range is thickest below 1100 meters (3600 ft) with trees growing up to the treeline at 1800 meters (5900 ft).
 The Podobitu River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The Tiranë is a river in western Albania a source river of the Gjole. Its source is in the mountains northeast of Tirana near the village Dajt. It flows along the northern outskirts of Tirana and joins the Tërkuzë near Prezë to form the Gjole.
 Askjelldalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Vaksdal in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Queguay Grande River is a river of Uruguay.
 The Oarzele River is a tributary of the Valea Grecului River in Romania.
 Rauentalbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Loch o' th' Lowes (NS 60183 14581) Lochside or Meikle Creoch Loch is a freshwater loch in the Parish of New Cumnock in the East Ayrshire Council Area Scotland. One of three linked lochs it is overlooked by the A76 road and is located in a glacial kettle hole.
 Gaiziņkalns at 312 m above sea level constitutes the highest point in Latvia. It is situated a short distance to the west of the town of Madona central Vidzeme.Although only of relatively small elevation Gaiziņkalns has been developed as a skiing destination including three slopes and several guesthouses. In order to rival Suur Munamägi - the highest point of neighboring Estonia at 318 m - a tower was being built to achieve a greater overall elevation.
 The Grana del Monferrato (to distinguish it from the Grana of the Province of Cuneo) is a small Italian river classified as a torrente a right tributary of the Po which runs almost entirely in the Province of Alessandria among the hills of the Basso Monferrato which lie between the Po to the north and the Tanaro to the south.
 The Uwharrie /juːˈhwɑːriː/ Mountains are a mountain range in North Carolina spanning the counties of Randolph Montgomery Stanly and Davidson. The range's foothills stretch into Cabarrus Anson Union counties and terminate in the hills of Person County. The Uwharries were once a coastal mountain range[citation needed]; isostasy has slowly raised the eastern seabed until today they lie in the Piedmont of North Carolina over 150 miles from the coast.
 The West Branch Schuylkill River (also known simply as the West Branch) is an approximately 12.9-mile-long (20.8 km) tributary of the Schuylkill River in central Schuylkill County Pennsylvania USA with a watershed approximately 21 square miles (54 km2) in size. Several small communities are located in the watershed which include Buck Run Glen Dower Minersville Pottsville Cressona and Schuylkill Haven. Mild amounts of acid mine drainage affect the West Branch and its tributaries.
 This article is about the mountain range. For the football teams see PFC Belasitsa Petrich and FK Belasica.Belasica or Kerkini or Belles (Macedonian and Bulgarian: About this sound Беласица  also transliterated as Belasitsa or Belasitza;Greek: Μπέλλες Bélles or Κερκίνη Kerkíni) is a mountain range in the region of Macedonia in Southeastern Europe shared by northwestern Greece (about 45%) southeastern Republic of Macedonia (35%) and southwestern Bulgaria (20%).
 The Porchabella Glacier (Romansh: Vadret da Porchabella) is a 2.5 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Albula Range in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 2.58 km2.The glacier lies at the foot of Piz Kesch and Piz Val Müra. It gives birth to the river Ava da Salect which ends in the Albula river.
 Long Mountain 920 feet (280 m) feet above sea level is a traprock mountain of the Holyoke Range part of the greater Metacomet Ridge which stretches from Long Island Sound to nearly the Vermont border. The mountain rises steeply from the surrounding landscape 600 feet (180 m) below and consists of five distinct peaks from east to west: 685 feet (209 m) 775 feet (236 m) 795 feet (242 m) 920 feet (280 m) the high point and the eastern summit 906 feet (276 m).
 The Eliseni River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 The Chepeț River or Căpeni River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Phu Khe (French: Phou Khe Thai: ภูเข้) is a mountain in Southeast Asia part of the Luang Prabang Range (ทิวเขาหลวงพระบาง).It is located at the eastern end of the Thai highlands on the international border between Laos and Thailand. With a height of 2079 metres and a prominence of 1646 metres Phu Khe is one of the ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia.
 Merkur is a mountain of the northern Black Forest Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located between Baden-Baden and Gernsbach. A funicular railway the Merkurbergbahn climbs the mountain from Baden-Baden. An observation and radio tower stands atop the Merkur.The mountain was named after Mercury the Roman god of trade. An ancient Roman votive relief of Mercury was found on the mountain in the 17th century.
 Island Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 806.Island Lake is southwest of D. O. Lee Peak and southwest of Goat Lake although not in the same sub-basin. There is one small island on the lake near the eastern shore.
 The Paranã River (Tocantins) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Beuca River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
 Piz Mezzaun (western summit: 2963 m eastern summit: 3000 m) is a mountain in the Livigno Range of the Alps located east of La Punt-Chamues-ch in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range north of the Chamuera valley.
 Niseko Volcanic Group is a volcanic group of active stratovolcanoes and lava domes situated in Hokkaidō Japan. The volcanoes are younger than 400000 years. The last eruption was 6000 to 7000 years ago. Today Iwaonupuri shows fumarolic activity.
 Lost Lake is a lake in Clare County Michigan United States. It is 66-acre (270000 m2) large and focal point for Boy Scout activities on the Lost Lake Scout Reservation.
 Polybius is a lunar impact crater in the southeast part of the Moon. It is located to the south-southeast of the larger crater Catharina in the area framed by the Rupes Altai scarp. Some distance to the northeast is the Mare Nectaris with the flooded craters Beaumont and Fracastorius.The crater rim of Polybius appears slightly distended in the northeast and has a cut through the northern wall. But the wall is otherwise moderately intact with only minor erosion.
 Mount Field West is a mountain in the western portion of Mount Field National Park in the south of Tasmania Australia. It is frequently snow covered sometimes even in summer. It is a major feature of the national park and is a popular destination for bushwalkers. It overlooks Upper Florentine Valley and is a 7.5 hour return walk from Lake Dobson.Mount Field West rises to 1434 metres AHD making it the twenty-sixth highest peak in Tasmania.
 Cerro El Plomo is a mountain located in the Andes near Santiago Chile. With an altitude of 5434 m (17783 ft) it is the largest peak visible from Santiago on clear days. The adequate season to climb this mountain is between November and March. In spring (September to November) soil conditions have abundant snow on the approach.
 The Tăbra River is a tributary of the Bădeni River in Romania.
 The São Lourenço River (Rio Grande do Sul) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Høgbrothøgdi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Zolotoy Rog Bay (Russian: Золотой Рог) is a sheltered horn-shaped bay separated from the Peter the Great Gulf of the Sea of Japan by Shkota Peninsula on the north-west Cape Goldobina on the east-north-east and Cape Tigrovy on the west. The bay is seven kilometers long with a width of about two kilometers and a depth ranging from 20 to 27 meters. The Russian port of Vladivostok lies on the hills at the head of the bay.
 Proctor Crater is a large crater in the Noachis quadrangle of Mars located at 48° south latitude and 330.5° west longitude. It is 168.2 km (104.5 mi) in diameter and was named after Richard A. Proctor a British astronomer (1837–1888). The crater contains a 35 x 65 km dark dune field. It was one of the first sand dune fields ever recognized on Mars based on Mariner 9 images. The crater's dunes are being monitored by HiRISE to identify changes over time.
 The Trestia River is a tributary of the Cașoca River in Romania.
 This article is about the river on the Seward Peninsula of Alaska. There is another Snake River in Alaska which discharges into Nushagak Bay near Dillingham. For other rivers named Snake River see Snake River (disambiguation).Snake River is a waterway on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. Flowing southerly it discharges into Norton Sound Bering Sea at Nome with its mouth lying in between the city's downtown area and its main airport. The river is 20 miles (32 km) long.
 Shinnecock Inlet is the easternmost of five major inlets[1] connecting bays to the Atlantic Ocean through the narrow 100-mile-long Outer barrier that stretches from New York City to Southhampton New York on the south shore of Long Island. It splits Westhampton Island from the peninsula extending from Southampton Village.
 Douglass is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southwest of the crater Frost and south-southwest of the large walled plain Landau.The western rim has been shaped by several interior impacts most notably the remnant of a crater that cuts an outward notch in the northwestern rim. The southeastern rim of this interior crater is now little more than a low rise across the floor of Douglass.
 The Chico River (Santa Cruz) is a river of Argentina.
 Pine Creek is a 23.7-mile-long (38.1 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in Winona and Houston counties Minnesota United States. Pine Creek joins the Mississippi southeast of La Crescent Minnesota directly across from La Crosse Wisconsin.
 Nybroån is a river in Sweden.
 Colo is a stratovolcano in Indonesia. It forms a small island at the middle of the Gulf of Tomini the northern part of Sulawesi. The volcano is broad and has a low profile with only 507 metres (1663 ft) above the sea level. It contains a 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) wide caldera with a small volcanic cone inside. Only three eruptions have been recorded in the history with two of them causing damage.
 The Mokomokonui River is a river of the northern Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southwest from its sources in several streams southwest of Lake Waikaremoana and flows into the Waipunga River close to the settlement of Tarawera and State Highway 5.
 The Little River is a 4.1-mile-long (6.6 km) tributary of Casco Bay in the U.S. state of Maine. The river is located entirely within the town of Freeport.
 Lake Puhau is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Kinsac Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mount Crosson is a 12352-foot (3765 m) mountain in the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve. Mount Crosson lies to the northeast of Mount Foraker overlooking Kahiltna Glacier. The mountain was named in 1949 by mountaineer Bradford Washburn for bush pilot Joseph Crosson.
 The Nădăștia River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 Camanaú River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Dent de Jaman is a mountain (1875 m) above Montreux situated north of the Rochers de Naye.
 Steinach (Nürtingen) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Izvorul Alb River is a headwater of the Râuşor in Romania.
 Lake Shirwa is a lake located in Mozambique. It was discovered in 1859 by the Scottish explorer David Livingstone.
 Deerfield River is a river that runs for 76 miles (122 km) from southern Vermont through northwestern Massachusetts to the Connecticut River. The Deerfield was historically influential in the settlement of western Franklin County Massachusetts and its namesake town.
 Brawley Wash is an ephemeral stream tributary to the Santa Cruz River located in Pima County Arizona east of the census-designated place of Avra Valley. Its source is at 31°58′20″N 111°23′29″W where the Altar Wash and Alambre Wash have their confluence. The name was collected by the United States Geological Survey between 1976 and 1980 and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on February 8 1980.
 Siebenbrunner Bächl is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 New Market Gap is a wind gap in the Massanutten Mountain in Virginia. The 1804 feet (550 m) gap is located approximately in the middle of the range dividing it into north and south sections.U.S. Route 211 runs through the gap connecting New Market in the Shenandoah Valley with Luray in the Page Valley. The Massanutten Visitor Center of the George Washington National Forest is off Rt. 211 in the gap.
 Mount Aqra` (Arabic: جبل الأقرع‎ ǧabal al-Aqra` [ˈd͡ʒæbæl al ˈʔaqraʕ]); the biblical Hor H'har הר ההר or Zaphon[citation needed] Kel Dağı in Turkish  Mount Casius to the Greeks and Mount Hazzi to the Hurrians) is a mountain located near the mouth of the Orontes River on the Syrian-Turkish border around 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of Ras al-Bassit (ancient Posideium) and around 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of Ras Shamra (ancient Ugarit).
 Puncak Jaya (pronounced [ˈpuntʃaʔ ˈdʒaja]) or Carstensz Pyramid (4884 m) is the highest summit of Mount Carstensz /ˈkɑrstəns/ in the Sudirman Range of the western central highlands of Papua Province Indonesia (within Puncak Jaya Regency). Other summits are East Carstensz Peak (4808 m) Sumantri (4870 m) and Ngga Pulu (4863 m).
 The Strugu River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 Mount Saint Elias may also refer to Mount CarmelMount Saint Elias also designated Boundary Peak 186 is the second highest mountain in both Canada and the United States being situated on the Yukon and Alaska border. It lies about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southwest of Mount Logan the highest mountain in Canada. The Canadian side is part of Kluane National Park while the U.S. side of the mountain is located within Wrangell-St.
 The Petaluma River is a river in the California counties of Sonoma and Marin that becomes a tidal slough near its mouth. The headwaters are in the area southwest of Cotati. The flow is generally southward through Petaluma's old town where the waterway becomes navigable and then flows another 10 mi (16 km) through tidal marshes before emptying into the northwest corner of San Pablo Bay.
 The Dreieckhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Konkordiaplatz in the canton of Valais.
 Golaš is a mountain of Serbia. It has an elevation of 1389 metres above sea level.
 The Loue is a river of eastern France a left tributary of the Doubs which it joins downstream of Dole. Its source is a karstic spring in the Jura mountains near Ouhans which at least partly receives its water from the Doubs. This connection with the Doubs was only discovered in 1901 when a spillage from the Pernod factory into the Doubs was transmitted into the Loue .The Loue flows through the following départements and towns:Doubs: Ornans QuingeyJura: Montbarrey↑
 Mount Sir James MacBrien is a peak in the Fort Smith Region of Canada's Northwest Territories. The second highest peak in the Mackenzie Mountains it is named after Major-General Sir James Howden MacBrien who was the head of the Canadian Militia in the mid-1920s.
 Ben Loyal is an isolated mountain of 764 m in Sutherland the northwestern tip of the Scottish Highlands. It is a Corbett located south of the Kyle of Tongue and provides good views of the Kyle Loch Loyal to the east and Ben Hope to the west.Ben Loyal is composed chiefly of granite and has a distinctive shape due to the four rocky peaks the highest of which is called An Caisteal.
 The Yauco River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Văluța River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
 Lake Edward Rutanzige or Edward Nyanza is the smallest of the African Great Lakes. It is located in the Albertine Rift the western branch of the East African Rift on the border between the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda with its northern shore a few kilometres south of the Equator.
 Monks Brook is a river in the English county of Hampshire. It is a tributary of the River Itchen which it joins at a medieval salmon pool in Swaythling. The brook is formed from seven streams that rise in the chalky South Downs with the official source of Monks Brook being known as Bucket's Corner. Monks Brook drains a clay catchment of 49 square kilometres (19 sq mi).
 Geitlandsjökull is a lateral glacier of Langjökull the second largest ice cap in Iceland (953 km2) in the west of Iceland. The highest point of Geitlandsjökull which lies on top of a tuya reaches a height of 1400 m.
 The Zahorna River is a tributary of the Cracău River in Romania.
 Cornone di Blumone is a mountain of Lombardy Italy It has an elevation of 2843 metres.
 The Caracul River is a tributary of the Puriștoaca River in Romania.
 French Valley is a valley in southwestern Riverside County near the cities and communities of Hemet Winchester and Temecula in the state of California United States. It is part of the Plains of Leon contiguous with the Perris Plain that drains into the Temecula Basin by means of tributaries of the Santa Margarita River. According to the U.S.
 Silsean (Irish: Soillsean meaning Place of Lights) is a mountain in County Wicklow Ireland. With a height of 698 metres (2290 ft) it is the 17th / 18th highest mountain in the Wicklow Mountains and the 113th / 114 highest summit in Ireland being joint height of 698 metres with Camaderry.
 The Nišava or Nishava (Bulgarian and Serbian Cyrillic: Нишава Serbian pronunciation: [nǐʃaʋa]) is a river in Bulgaria and Serbia a right tributary and with a length of 218 km also the longest one of the South Morava.
 The Valea Seacă is a tributary of the Valea cu Apă river in Romania.
 Lag da Pigniu (or Panixer Stausee) is a reservoir above Pigniu (Panix) in the Grisons Switzerland. The 53 m gravity dam was completed in 1989. It is operated by Kraftwerke Ilanz AG.
 The Peleco River is a river of Chile.
 Broströmmen is a river in Sweden.
 Ilmoilanselkä is a lake in Finland. It is part of a chain of lakes that begins from the lakes Lummene and Vesijako at the drainage divide between the Kokemäenjoki and Kymijoki basins flows westwards from there through the lakes Kuohijärvi Kukkia Iso-Roine Hauhonselkä and Ilmoilanselkä and drains into lake Mallasvesi.
 The Lămășoaia River is a tributary of the Albac River in Romania.
 Marauiá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Ducinoiu River is a tributary of the Ducin River in Romania.
 The Petit Grépillon is a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies on the range south-east of Mont Dolent between the glaciers of Pré de Bard (Aosta Valley) and Dolent (Valais).
 Topdalsfjorden is a fjord in the municipality of Kristiansand in Vest-Agder Norway. The river Tovdalselva mouths into the fjord at the eastern side. The fjord is crossed by the Varodd Bridge.
 The Corni River is a tributary of the Micota River in Romania.
 Nordfjorden is the sixth longest fjord in Norway and the second longest fjord in all of Sogn og Fjordane county. It flows through the municipalities of Stryn Gloppen Eid Bremanger and Vågsøy and it is the central feature of the entire Nordfjord region which makes up the northern third of the county. The 106-kilometre (66 mi) long fjord stretches from Husevågøy island in Vågsøy Municipality to the village of Loen in Stryn Municipality.
 Rishi Pahar is a Himalayan mountain peak located in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state in India. It lies at the northeast corner of the ring of peaks surrounding the Nanda Devi Sanctuary and on the eastern rim of the Nanda Devi Biosphere Reserve just south of Trishuli and Hardeol. The Milam Glacier lies on its east flank. It marks the triple divide between the Milam Dunagiri and Uttari Rishi Ganga valleys.
 Lower Beverley Lake is a lake in southeastern Ontario Canada originally part of the original survey plan for the Rideau Canal now just south of the Rideau Canal separated from the Rideau system by a dam at Morton.Upper and Lower Beverley Lakes were included in the original surveyed plans for the canal in the early 1800 but there would have been insufficient water to maintain the water levels in the summer and so the plans were altered.Situated between the two lakes is the town of Delta Ontario named for the formation of land between the two lakes and the historic Delta mill.
 The Testa del Leone (3706 m; Italian lit. lion head) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies on the main Alpine watershed west of the Matterhorn.
 The Pârâul lui Toderaș is a tributary of the Sibiel River in Romania.
 The Sheepshead Mountains are a mountain range in Malheur County Oregon.
 The Chippewa River is a stream in the U.S. state of Michigan that runs 91.8 miles (147.7 km) through the central Lower Peninsula. The Chippewa is a tributary of the Tittabawassee River and is thus part of the Saginaw River drainage basin.
 Mt. Kurai (位山 Kurai-yama) is located on the border of the cities of Takayama and Gero in Gifu Prefecture Japan. The mountain also separates the watersheds of the northern and southern portions of the Hida region. The Jinzū River flows to the north and the Hida River flows to the south.
 The Arsasca River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Zboina River is a tributary of the Caşin River in Romania.
 The Makita River (牧田川 Makita-gawa) is a river in Japan which empties into the Ibi River in Gifu Prefecture. It which ultimately flows into the Kiso River.
 Devils Lake is a lake in the Otter Tail County in Minnesota. The lake occupies 314 acres (1.3 km2) in size. At its deepest point the lake is 90 feet (27 m) deep however most of the lake is 15 feet (4.6 m) or less in depth The lake is a locally popular fishing spot. The lake is mesotrophic.
 The Antaloc River (Hungarian: Antalok-pataka meaning Anthonies' Creek) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Ellebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lake Habeeb is a reservoir of 243 acres (0.98 km2) and is located in Allegany County Maryland United States. The lake is fed by Rocky Gap Run and nestled against the east side of the southern tip of Evitts Mountain. The dam was built by the Army Corps of Engineers in 1970 and Rocky Gap State Park formally opened on July 17 1974 <http://www.dnr.state.md.us/publiclands/western/rockygap.asp> it attains a maximum depth of 74 feet (23 m) near its earthen dam.
 Tide Cove or Sha Tin Hoi (Chinese: 沙田海) is a cove at the mouth of Shing Mun River. The cove is open to Tolo Harbour (Tai Po Hoi). The cove was largely reclaimed for the development of Sha Tin New Town.
 The Gottleuba is a small river in the Czech Republic and Germany left tributary of the Elbe. It source is in the eastern part of the Ore Mountains north of Ústí nad Labem. After a few km it crosses the Czech-German border and flows the rest of its 34 km in Saxony. It passes the Gottleuba Dam and the town Bad Gottleuba-Berggießhübel and flows into the Elbe in Pirna. In July 1927 there was a flash flood in the river due to heavy rain.
 Tegg's Nose is a hill situated east of Macclesfield in Cheshire England. It has a short ridge with a high point of 380 metres (1246 feet) at SJ947725 terminating in a promontory at the southern end. It lies on the western edge of the Peak District although outside the boundary of the National Park.
 Zwiesel and Blomberg are a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Edgecumbe is the current name of a dormant volcano located at the southern end of Kruzof Island Alaska of which it is the highest point. In the Tlingit language it is called L’ux. Mt. Edgecumbe is a local landmark and a tourist attraction.
 Chalipuzha River (ചാലിപ്പുഴ) is a tributary of Iruvanjippuzha which joins with the Chaliyar River. The famous Thusharagiri waterfall is in this river
 Qiajivik Mountain is a mountain in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. Located in northeastern Baffin Island it is part of the Baffin Mountains. At 1965 m (6447 ft) Qiajivik is the highest mountain in northern Baffin Island and with a topographic prominence of 1787 m (5863 ft) it is one of Canada's 142 ultra prominent peaks.
 Bacolor Crater is a crater in the Casius quadrangle of Mars located at 33 North and 241.4 West. It is 20.8 km in diameter and was named after a town in the Philippines.
 The Estero La Cadena is a river of Chile.
 The Viezuroiu River is a tributary of the Sâmbotin River in Romania.
 The Dobson River is a river in the South Island of New Zealand. It flows south between the Neumann and Ohau ranges for 45 kilometres from its source to the east of Mount Hopkins in the Southern Alps before joining with the Hopkins River close to the latter's entry into the northern end of Lake Ohau in the Mackenzie Country. The river flows over wide shingle beds and has no rapids of interest to whitewater enthusiasts.
 The Ialinc River is a tributary of the Ruscova River in Romania.
 Cer (pronounced [tsɛr]) is a mountain in western Serbia 30 kilometers from Šabac 100 kilometers west of Belgrade. The highest peak has an elevation of 689 m (2260 ft) above sea level. Cer is rich in the Turkey oak forests after which it was named.During World War I the Battle of Cer was fought on Cer in which Serbian forces defeated Austria-Hungary.
 Gardner is a small lunar impact crater in the northeast part of the Moon. It lies due east of the crater Vitruvius in a section of rough terrain north of the Mare Tranquillitatis. This crater was previously designated Vitruvius A before being given its present name by the IAU. To the northeast of Gardner is the larger crater Maraldi. It is a circular crater with sloping inner walls and an interior floor that occupies about half the total crater diameter.
 The Cururu River (Ilha de Marajó) is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Ionaș River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 The Rouarne River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 The Jukskei River is one of the largest rivers in Johannesburg South Africa. It is the southernmost river in the Crocodile River (West) basin.
 Jakobselva or Grense Jakobselv River (English: Jacob's River Russian: Ворьема Finnish: Vuoremijoki Northern Sami: Vuorján) is a river that runs along the Russia-Norway border. The river runs along the border of Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway and Pechengsky District in Murmansk Oblast Russia.
 Serratus Mountain is a jagged ridge-like mountain between Mount Tantalus (North) and Lake Lovely Water (South). Like most other peaks in the Tantalus Range it is compose of loose rock. Most routes here are scrambles. The mountain is a standard single-day objective from the Jim Haberl hut.
 Lake Rotoaira (sometimes written Lake Roto-aira) is a small lake to the south of Lake Taupo on the North Island Volcanic Plateau in New Zealand. It covers an area of 13 km².Lake Rotoaira is one of the few privately owned lakes in New Zealand being administered by the Lake Rotoaira Trust on behalf of its owners.
 Viola Lake is a small lake in Val Viola Lombardy Italy. It is located in the municipality of Valdidentro.
 Blucher Creek is a 5.2-mile-long (8.4 km) stream that rises in the hills south of Sebastopol California United States and empties into the Laguna de Santa Rosa.
 The Innoko River is a 500-mile (800 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It flows north from its origin south of Cloudy Mountain in the Kuskokwim Mountains and then southwest to meet the larger river across from Holy Cross.Most of its upper portion flows through the Innoko National Wildlife Refuge. The entire river is within the Yukon–Koyukuk Census Area.Innoko is a Deg Hit’an name for the river.
 Kalatungan Mountain Range is a mountain range located in the central portion of the province of Bukidnon the Philippines. It is one of the few areas in the province covered with old growth or mossy forests. It covers an area of approximately 213.0134 km² (82.24493 mi²) with about 113.7175 km² (43.90657 mi²) identified as part of the critical watershed area declared under Presidential Decree 127 issued on June 29 1987 (Muleta-Manupali Watershed).
 Hammer Creek is a 19.2-mile-long (30.9 km) tributary of Cocalico Creek in Lebanon and Lancaster Counties Pennsylvania in the United States.Hammer Creek is dammed to form Speedwell Forge Lake below joining the Cocalico Creek approximate with Middle Creek near the village of Rothsville.
 The Maxaranguape River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Beaver River is a river in Grey County and Simcoe County in Southern Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and is a tributary of Lake Huron. The river's drainage basin is under the auspices of Grey Sauble Conservation.
 The Veleşchia River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
 The Râul Sipoș is a tributary of the Araci River in Romania.
 Lega is a river of Poland a right tributary of the Biebrza. It feeds a number of lakes on the border of the Warmian-Masurian and Podlaskie Voivodeships.
 The Goodhope River is a stream 46 miles (74 km) long on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. It heads about 5.3 miles (8.5 km) west-southwest of Cloud Lake and flows generally northeast to Goodhope Bay on Kotzebue Sound of the Chukchi Sea. The river mouth is about 27 miles (43 km) west of Cape Deceit and Deering in the Northwest Arctic Borough. The entire course of the river lies within the Bering Land Bridge National Preserve.The river name derives from Goodhope Bay.
 Tor Zawar is a fissure vent volcano in central Pakistan. The only recent volcano in Pakistan and the South Asia 2 eruptions occurred on from 27 January to 3 March 2010 and January 2011.
 The Huasaga River is a river of Ecuador.
 Grasshopper Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest in the US state of Wyoming on the east of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range. Grasshopper Glacier is in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness and is part of the largest grouping of glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains. The glacier flows north and glacial runoff supplies water to Grasshopper Creek flowing eventually into the Wind River. The glacier shares a glacial margin with Klondike Glacier located to the south.
 Flatningen is a lake in the municipality of Vågå in Oppland county Norway.
 Pen y Gadair Fawr is a subsidiary summit of Waun Fach and the second highest peak in the Black Mountains in south-eastern Wales. Pen y Gadair Fawr is a much more distinguished top than its parent.The summit is marked by a medium sized cairn. Waun Fach is to the north while its top Pen Twyn Mawr is to the south.
 Suusamyr Too (Kyrgyz: Суусамыр тоо кыркасы) is a mountain range in internal Tian Shan in Kyrgyz Republic. It separates Suusamyr Valley and Toluk Saragat Valley. The length of the range is 126 km and height up to 4048m. It is composed of granite and schist of lower Paleozoic.
 Povlen (Повлен) is a mountain in western Serbia located thirty kilometers west of Valjevo. It has several peaks the three most important being Small Povlen (1347 m) Middle Povlen (1301 m) and Big Povlen (1271 m).It belongs to the Valjevo mountain range which form the highland west of Valjevo towards Mačva. The mountains are not very high—their highest point Small Povlen reaches to 1347 meters—but they are difficult to cross.
 Boas River is also a name for the Çoruh River in northeast Anatolia.The Boas is a river on Southampton Island in Nunavut Canada. The river rises at 64°49′58″N 084°23′34″W and its mouth is located at the Bay of Gods Mercy. Proceeding inland the river becomes braided and is about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) wide.It is named after anthropologist Franz Boas.
 The Adlersberg is a hill in the Harz mountains of central Germany that lies south of Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony. It is 593.2 m high and is situated west of the Aschentalshalbe. It also separates the valley of Breitental (wide valley) with its river the Tiefenbeek from the Langental (long valley). To the northwest the Adlersberg transitions to the Kloppstert and the Fissenkenkopf hills.
 Unnecessary Mountain also called Mount Unnecessary is a peak in the North Shore Mountains near Vancouver British Columbia Canada and a popular hiking destination. It is accessible via the Howe Sound Crest Trail and a direct route from Lions Bay.The mountain is so named because of an unnecessary ascent over this mountain to reach The Lions.
 The Raisin River is a river in South Stormont and South Glengarry Stormont Dundas and Glengarry United Counties in eastern Ontario Canada with the watershed encompassing portions of North Stormont North Glengarry and the city of Cornwall as well. It empties into Lake Saint Francis on the Saint Lawrence River near the community of Lancaster.
 The Lepușul River is a tributary of the Coasa River in Romania.
 The Gauja River is a river in Vidzeme Latvia. It is the only river out of the large rivers of Latvia which begins and ends its flow in Latvia. Its length is 460 km of which 1/5 or 93.5 km are in Gauja NP. In this part the Gauja River flows through a spacious ancient valley which is 1 to 2.5 km wide and the maximum depth near Sigulda is 85 m.
 The Medgidia River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
 Miller is a lunar impact crater that lies amidst the rugged terrain in the southern part of the Moon. It is attached to the northern rim of the smaller crater Nasireddin and the outer rampart of the latter reaches almost to the central peak formation at the midpoint of Miller's interior floor. Together with Huggins to the southwest and Orontius to the south-southwest this foursome forms a chain of craters forming an arc that curves towards the north.
 Scafell (/ˈskɔːfəl/ or /skɑːˈfɛl/; also spelled Sca Fell previously Scawfell) is a mountain in the English Lake District part of the Southern Fells. Its height of 964 metres (3162 ft) makes it the second-highest mountain in England after Scafell Pike from which it is separated by the col of Mickledore.
 The Congonhas River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Ebersberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Mountains of the Dingle Peninsula are grouped into two major unnamed mountain ranges one running along the centre of the Dingle Peninsula in County Kerry in Ireland and the other found at its extreme western tip. The mountains dealt with here include all those west of the Slieve Mish Mountains which extend from the mainland south of Tralee to the narrow neck of the peninsula and are separated from the mountains of the Dingle Peninsula by a series of low foothills and deep river valleys.
 The Pacu River (Catrimani River) is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 The Heritage Range is a major mountain range 160 km (99 mi) long and 48 km (30 mi) wide situated southward of Minnesota Glacier and forming the southern half of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica.
 The Scărița River is a headwater of the Lăpuşel River in Romania.
 Lake Saint Catherine is an 852-acre (345 ha) body of water located in Rutland County Vermont in the towns of Wells and Poultney. Lake St. Catherine State Park is located along its eastern shore.
 The Black Hills are a small range of hills in Thurston and Grays Harbor counties of Washington. They are a subset of the Willapa Hills. 2589-foot (789 m) Capitol Peak is the highest peak in the range.The Capitol State Forest has roughly the same boundaries as the Black Hills.The high school A.G. West Black Hills is named for the hills. So is Black Hills Community Hospital and the local soccer club the Blackhills Football Club.
 The Willamette River (/wɨˈlæmɨt/ wil-LAM-it) is a major tributary of the Columbia River accounting for 12 to 15 percent of the Columbia's flow. The Willamette's main stem is 187 miles (301 km) long lying entirely in northwestern Oregon in the United States.
 Tverråtinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway. It is the 20th tallest peak in Norway.
 Arnold is a lunar crater that is located in the north-northeastern part of the visible Moon near the lunar limb. This location gives the crater a notably oval appearance due to foreshortening although the formation is actually relatively round. It lies to the northeast of the Mare Frigoris to the north of the crater Democritus. West of Arnold is the smaller crater Moigno.The ancient rim of Arnold has been worn and rounded by ages of subsequent bombardment.
 Monte Muambe is an inactive volcano located east of Moatize in the Tete Province of Mozambique.The volcano is 780 meters high has a 6 km external diameter with a caldera some 200m deep. The caldera is largely composed of carbonatites rich in both blue and yellow fluorite. The Zambezi Valley Spatial Development Initiative estimates Monte Muambe has reserves of 1.1 million tonnes of the mineral in a pure form.
 The Moosalp (el. 2048 m.) is a high mountain pass across the western Pennine Alps connecting Bürchen with Törbel in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.The pass lies north-east of Augstbordhorn.
 Lake Bakhtegan (Persian: دریاچۀ بختگان‎) is a salt lake in Fars Province southern Iran about 160 km (99 mi) east of Shiraz and 15 km (9.3 mi) west of the town of Neyriz.Bakhtegan with a surface area of 3500 square kilometres (1400 sq mi) is Iran's second-largest lake. It is fed by the Kor River. Several dams on the Kor River have significantly reduced waterflow into the lake increasing its salinity and endangering the lake's populations of flamingos and other migratory birds.
 Copano Bay is a northwestern extension of Aransas Bay west of Rockport Texas in Refugio and Aransas counties. It is supplied with seawater from the Gulf of Mexico via Aransas Bay and fed freshwater from the Aransas River Mission River and Copano Creek. As an estuary the bay is home to a diverse ecosystem consisting of various birds including the endangered whooping crane and numerous finfish including the redfish as well as shellfish such as oysters.
 Lake Tōfutsu (濤沸湖 Tōfutsu-ko) is located in Abashiri and Koshimizu Hokkaidō Japan. It takes its name from the Ainu toputsu or 'mouth of the lake'. A saline lagoon divided from the Sea of Okhotsk by sand dunes Lake Tōfutsu provides an important habitat for wintering birds. In 2005 an area of 900 ha of wetlands was designated a Ramsar Site.
 The Rodeador River is a river of the Federal District in central Brazil.
 The Valea Hreanului River is a tributary of the Bazna river in Romania.
 Grinnell Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Named after George Bird Grinnell the lake has an opaque turquoise appearance from the rock flour (silt) which is transported to the lake from Grinnell Glacier. Grinnell Lake is accessible via the Grinnell Glacier Trail and is 3.2 miles (5.1 km) from the Many Glacier Hotel.
 The Corbu River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania. The upper course of the river is also known as Bâtca Corbului River
 The Muymano River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Zhiguli Mountains (/ʒiːɡuːˈliː/; Russian: Жигулëвские горы [Zhigulyovskiye gory]) or simply Zhiguli (Russian: Жигули́) sometimes called The Zhiguli Heights - Жигулëвская возвышенность [Zhigulyovskaya vozvyshennost] are a range of wooded mountains located in Russia on the right bank of the Volga River in the Samara bend.
 Chūgoku Mountains (中国山地 Chūgoku Sanchi) is a mountain range in the Chūgoku region of western Japan. It runs in an east-west direction and stretches approximately 500 km (311 mi) from Hyōgo Prefecture in the east to the coast of Yamaguchi Prefecture. The range also reaches under the Pacific Ocean.The two tallest mountains in the group are Daisen and Mount Hyōno which are 1729 m (5673 ft) and 1510 m (4954 ft) respectively.
 Beacon Fell is a fell located in the southern Lake District of England with an altitude of 836 feet (255 m). It is the subject of a chapter of Wainwright's book The Outlying Fells of Lakeland.Geographically the fell is located in the Blawith Fells to the west of the bottom end of Coniston Water. The fell is above Beacon Tarn and can be accessed from quiet paths off the main road from Water Yeat to Torver.
 Maiá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Bielstein is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 River Nkusi is a river in Uganda in East Africa.
 Kenosee Lake is a lake in south east Saskatchewan Canada. The lake lies in Moose Mountain Provincial Park. The lake is a resort for many people from south east Saskatchewan including Regina. The Village of Kenosee Lake consists mainly of cabins and businesses. The year round population of the Village of Kenosee Lake is 324 but the town swells to a few thousand in the summer when all the cabins are occupied. This lake is known for many types of recreation available.
 Carbon Peak elevation 12088 ft (3684 m) is a summit in the West Elk Mountains of Colorado. The peak is southwest of Crested Butte in the Gunnison National Forest.
 La Meije is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins range located at the border of the Hautes-Alpes and Isère départements. It overlooks the nearby village of La Grave a mountaineering centre and ski resort well known for its off-piste and extreme skiing possibilities.
 Lago del Frassino is a lake in the Province of Verona Veneto Italy. At an elevation of 80 m its surface area is 0.8 km².
 Mount Jefferson is a mountain located in Ashe County North Carolina. The mountain is part of the Mount Jefferson State Natural Area. The mountain has an elevation of 4665 feet (1422 m) above sea level and it sharply rises more than 1600 feet above the towns of Jefferson North Carolina and West Jefferson. Before the American Civil War the mountain was a popular hiding place for slaves who had escaped from their owners in the central and eastern sections of North Carolina.
 The Hetin River is a tributary of the Beregsău River in Romania.
 Chongra Peak is a peak in the Himalaya range of the Northern Areas of Pakistan.It is one of the many subsidiary summits of the Nanga Parbat massif. The peak lies just south of the Indus River in the Northern Areas of Pakistan. Not far to the north is the western end of the Karakoram range.
 The Lévensa is a mountain river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. It is a left tributary of the Roya River which it joins near Tende.
 Meall na h-Eilde is a Scottish hill situated in the high ground between the Great Glen and Glen Garry 23 km north of Fort William in the Highland Council Area.
 The Rhaetian Alps are a mountain range of the Southern Limestone Alps mountain group in the Central Eastern Alps. They are located along the Italian–Swiss and Austrian–Swiss borders in the Graubünden canton in eastern Switzerland; in the state of Tyrol in Austria; and in the Italian regions of Trentino-Alto Adige and Lombardy.
 The Dōzan River (銅山川 Dōzan-gawa) is the largest branch of the Yoshino River and flows through Ehime and Tokushima prefectures in Japan. Its name was derived from the Besshi copper mine that is now closed. In Tokushima Prefecture it is called the Iyo River (伊予川 Iyo-gawa).
 Langsee is a lake in Kreis Schleswig Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 16.35 m its surface area is 151.38 ha.
 The Brogberg is a hill 567 metres high in the Palatine Forest in Germany. It is located west of Iggelbach a village in the municipality of Elmstein. Northeast of the hill rises the Iggelbach stream a left tributary of the Helmbach. The Brogberg lies entirely within the territory of the municipality of Elmstein.
 Borkower See is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 36 m its surface area is 0.196 km².
 Trout Lake is a lake in municipalities of East Ferris and North Bay Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario Canada approximately 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of the much larger Lake Nipissing. Trout Lake is the source of the Mattawa River and a significant body of water on a well-known historic North American voyageur (fur-trading) route. It is about 11 kilometres (7 mi) long and 4 kilometres (2 mi) wide and exits eastward into the Mattawa River which flows via the Ottawa River to the St.
 Lake Cristallina is a lake in the canton Ticino Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.75 ha.
 Not to be confused with Loch Garry PerthshireLoch Garry (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Garraidh) is 25 km north of Fort William Lochaber Scotland and is 11 km long and 50 m deep. It is fed by waters from Loch Quoich 10 km upstream on the River Garry and drains into Loch Oich in the Great Glen just 5 km downstream.
 Rio Calovebora is a river on the Caribbean cost of Panama.
 Hani i Hotit is a location in northwestern part of Albania where a border crossing point between Albania and Montenegro is situated.
 The Corogea River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 The Rusaia River is a tributary of the Bistriţa Aurie River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Pârâul Ursului and Pârâul Jneapănului
 The River Beane is a short river in the county of Hertfordshire England. A tributary of the River Lea it rises to the south-west of Sandon in the hills northeast of Stevenage and joins the Lea at Hartham Common in Hertford.Hertfordshire's population increased substantially in the second half of the twentieth century and has affected rivers such as the Beane and the Mimram. In the case of the Beane a licence was given to abstract water near Aston for Stevenage's water supply.
 Fuhlensee is a lake in Holstein Switzerland in the North German state of Schleswig-Holstein. It lies on the River Schwentine between the Kronsee (upstream) and the Lanker See (downstream) south of Wahlstorf Manor House.It has a surface area of 0.14 km² is up to 6 metres deep and has an elevation of about 20 m above sea level.There is a snack bar on the northern shore for boaters.
 Green River Lake is a 8210-acre (33 km2) reservoir in Adair Taylor and Casey counties in Kentucky lying in the section of Kentucky known as the Highland Rim.The lake was formed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in 1969 by impounding the Green River. The dam is an 11 mile drive equidistant from the cities of Campbellsville and Columbia.
 Natzschung is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Cantarinho River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Vâlcelul Înflorit River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania.
 The Netedu River is a tributary of the Coșna River in Romania.
 Oberalpsee is a lake just below Oberalp Pass on the side of the Canton of Uri in Switzerland.
 Mount Field is a mountain located about 10 km (6 mi) east of the town of Field in Yoho National Park Canada. The mountain was named in 1883 after Cyrus West Field a guest of the CPR who were building the national railway.The Burgess shale is located below the ridge connecting Mt. Field to Wapta Mountain.
 The Gorova River is a headwater of the Tur River in Romania.
 Ngọc Linh is a 2598-metre high mountain of the Annamite Range in Vietnam. It straddles the two provinces of Quảng Nam and Kon Tum. It is considered the roof of Southern Vietnam.Panax vietnamensis (Vietnamese: Sâm Ngọc Linh) found for the first time in 1973 is a species of ginseng in Nam Trung Bộ and Tây Nguyên regions of Vietnam especially in mount Ngọc Linh.
 Mount Majura is a small mountain with an elevation of 890 metres (2920 ft) AHD  that is located in the northern suburbs of Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory Australia. Mount Majura lies close to the more prominent Mount Ainslie and is the highest point within the urban boundaries of Canberra. Mount Majura is contained within part of the Canberra Nature Park.
 Mount Bélair is a peak in the Laurentian Mountains Quebec Canada with an altitude of 485 m (1591 ft). It is located in the Val-Bélair section of Quebec City approximately 24 km (15 mi) west of downtown.
 The Ibicuí da Armada River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Meech Lake (French: Lac Meech) is located within Gatineau Park in the Municipality of Chelsea Quebec Canada (about 20 km NW of Gatineau). The lake was named after Reverend Asa Meech an early settler in this area.Near the lake on Meech Creek are the ruins of a fertilizer plant built by Thomas Carbide Willson during the 1900s. In 1981 Willson's former summer home (the Willson House) on Meech Lake was converted into a government conference centre.
 The Iberian System Spanish: Sistema Ibérico is one of the main systems of mountain ranges in Spain.It is a vast and complex area of mountain chains and massifs located in the central regions of the Iberian Peninsula but reaching almost the Mediterranean coast in the Land of Valencia in the east.From the hydrographic viewpoint this system is of the highest importance in the Iberian Peninsula for it separates the watersheds of most of the major rivers in Spain and Portugal including the Ebro basin from the basins of the Duero Tajo Guadiana (Záncara-Gigüela) Júcar and Turia.There are important mining areas in some of the ranges such as Sierra Menera Sierra de Arcos and Sierra de San Just making the system one of the most important mining regions in Spain One of the comarcas of Aragon located in the Iberian System was given the name of Cuencas Mineras since mining is the main activity in the comarca.
 The Castle is a lava spine located west of Squamish in southwestern British Columbia Canada. Volcanism at The Castle is controlled by north-south structures and there are no hot springs known in the area. It forms part of the Monmouth Creek complex and is part of the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt which is a segment of the Cascade Volcanic Arc.
 Wilgreen Lake is a 169-acre (0.68 km2) reservoir in Madison County Kentucky. It was constructed in 1966.
 Sølensjøen in the Rendalen municipality is part of the 46-mile Sølna river system in Norway. It is 14 km long and the greatest depth is 58 m. With its width of 3 km Sølensjøen has abundant populations of Arctic char trout grayling whitefish pike burbot and perch which has made it the locale of Norways only inland fishing village on its north-western bank Fiskevollen. Southwest of the lake lies Mount Sølen.
 Beinn Ìme /ˌbɛn ˈiːmə/ is the highest mountain in the Arrochar Alps in the Southern Highlands of Scotland. There are three usual routes of ascent. From Succoth one may follow the same path that is used to reach The Cobbler before taking the right fork near the base of the Cobbler's main crags and continuing up the glen across the bealach and up Ben Ìme's eastern ridge.
 Bodri River is a river in Kendal Regency northern Central Java Indonesia.
 The Muddy River is a 4.7-mile-long (7.6 km) river in Topsham Maine which empties into Merrymeeting Bay.
 The Das Antas River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Thrypti (Greek: Θρυπτή also Θρυπτής Ορη - Thryptis Ori) is a mountain range in Lasithi in eastern Crete Greece. It stretches between Ierapetra in the southwest and Siteia in the northeast. Its highest summit Afentis is 1476 m amsl.
 Rabun Bald with an elevation of 4696 feet (1431 m) is the second-highest peak in Georgia; only Brasstown Bald (4784 ft) is higher. It is located immediately southeast of Sky Valley Georgia and is the tallest mountain in the county. An observation tower on the summit provides hikers with views that on clear days extend for more than 100 miles (160 km). The hike to the top of Rabun Bald is 5.8 miles (round trip) via the Rabun Bald Trail and is considered a novice to intermediate hike.
 See Rocky Mountain for other mountains of the same name.Rocky Mountain is a peak of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia.It is located about 2 miles (3.5 km) east of Irish Gap on the border of Rockbridge County and Amherst County; it is the highest point of both counties.Rocky Mountain is flanked to the northeast by Elk Pond Mountain to the southwest by Grapevine Ridge and to the south by Tar Jacket Ridge (3860 ft / 1180 m).Rocky Mountain stands within the watershed of the James River which drains into Chesapeake Bay.The northwest side of Rocky Mtn. 
 Kapsha (Russian: Капша) is a river in Tikhvinsky and Lodeynopolsky Districts in the northeastern part of Leningrad Oblast of Russia a right tributary of the Pasha River (Lake Ladoga basin). The Kapsha is the largest tributary of the Pasha. It is 115 kilometres (71 mi) long and the area of its basin 1700 square kilometres (660 sq mi).The source of the Kapsha is in Lake Kapshozero in the northeast of Tikhvinsky District. The river flows west and enters Lodeynopolsky District.
 Wunnenstein is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Thornton Peak is a prominent mountain that rises above the Daintree Rainforest to a height of 1374 m.
 Soitsjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The Valea Plopului River is a tributary of the Chiojdul Mare River in Romania.
 Coruto Lake or Caruta Lake is a lake in the Sur Lípez Province Potosí Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 4505 m its surface area is 15.8 km².
 The Wood River is a short river in the southern region of the U.S. state of Oregon and part of the Klamath Basin drainage. It flows 18 miles (29 km) through the Fremont-Winema National Forests Bureau of Land Management land and private property in southern Oregon. Its watershed consists of 220 square miles (570 km2) of conifer forest rural pasture land and marsh.
 Syrabach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Serio (Lombard: Sère) is an Italian river that flows entirely within Lombardy crossing the provinces of Bergamo and Cremona. It is 124 kilometers (77 mi) long and flows into the Adda at Bocca di Serio south of Crema.Its valley is known as the Val Seriana.
 Chaihuín River (Spanish: Río Chaihuín) is a river in Los Ríos Region southern Chile. The hamlet of Chaihuín and Chaihuín Beach lies at the mouth of the river mouth as well as the administration of the Valdivian Coastal Reserve.
 Rujan (Serbian Cyrillic: Рујан) is a mountain in southern Serbia near the town of Bujanovac. Its highest peak Kalje has an elevation of 968 meters above sea level. On the mountain there is Kale-Krševica archeological site dating from the 13th century BC.
 The Albert River is a river in South East Queensland Australia. Its catchment lies within the Gold Coast and Beaudesert shires and covers an area of 782 square kilometres. The river provides drinking water for the town of Beaudesert.The river has two main tributaries which begin in the Lamington National Park. Downstream the river joins the Logan River 12 km from its mouth at Eagleby before entering Moreton Bay. The Albert River is a sub-catchment of Logan River.
 The Lower Rhine (German: Niederrhein Dutch: Nederrijn kilometers 660 to 1033 of the Rhine River) flows from Bonn Germany to the North Sea at Hoek van Holland Netherlands. Almost immediately after entering the Netherlands the Rhine splits into many branches. The main branch is called the Waal which flows from Nijmegen to meet the river Meuse; after which it is called Merwede.
 The Port Washington Narrows is a tidal strait located in Bremerton Washington. The northwest entrance is marked on the west side by Rocky Point and the southeast entrance is located at Point Turner on the west side and Point Herron on the east side. It located between downtown Bremerton from the Manette Peninsula.It is through this 3 mile channel which Dyes Inlet drains into Sinclair Inlet and into Puget Sound.
 The Hundwiler Höhi (1306 m) is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Appenzell Ausserrhoden and Appenzell Innerrhoden. It is situated between Hundwil and Gonten.The summit is easily accessible from every side of the mountain and is a popular vantage point over the Säntis the Alpstein massif and Lake Constance. A mountain hut is located near the top.
 Kachess River is a tributary of the Yakima River in the U.S. state of Washington. From its source on Chickamin Ridge in the Alpine Lakes Wilderness region of the Cascade Range the Kachess River flows south into Kachess Lake a natural lake regulated as a reservoir by Kachess Dam. Below the dam Kachess River flows south into the Yakima River.
 The Blow Sand Mountains are a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 Holzbach (Dickopsbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Nahe River is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate and Saarland Germany a left tributary to the Rhine. It has also given name to the wine region Nahe situated around it.The name Nahe is derived from the Latin word Nava which is supposed to be based upon the Celtic origin for the wild river. The Nahe separates the northern part of the Palatinate from the Hunsrück.It rises in the area of Nohfelden (Saarland) flowing through Rhineland-Palatinate and joining the Rhine river in Bingen.
 Table Mountain is a small hill in Manokwari. The hill is situated in the Arfak Mountains and is home to a large rainforest called Table Mountain Forest. There are many species of plants animals and mushrooms. The mountain is named for its table formation from a distance. The mountain is ideal for mostly hiking. In some parts of Table Mountain there are many natural caves that are filled with bats reptiles and insects. At the top of the mountain is the Japanese Veterans Memorial.
 Red Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada mountain range at the north end of the Crystal Range to the east of Lake Tahoe. It is located in the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County California.
 The Reissend Nollen is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Obwalden and Bern. It lies on the range west of the Titlis between Engelberg and Gadmen.
 Alemania Glacier also known as Roncagli Glacier is a glacier located in Alberto de Agostini National Park Chile. The advance of one of its lobes blocked the drainage of some streams forming Martinic Lake.
 The Izvorul Negru River is a tributary of the Cosău River in Romania.
 Whitetop Mountain is the second highest mountain in the U.S. state of Virginia after nearby Mount Rogers. It is located at the juncture of Grayson Smyth and Washington Counties in the state of Virginia. Whitetop was the location of the White Top Folk Festival from 1932 to 1939 with the exception of 1937.
 The Ponte de Pedra River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Slide Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 458 along the Queens River.Slide Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Slide Lake is 0.08 mi (0.13 km) southwest and upstream of Cliff Lake.
 The Penner (also Pennar Penna or Penneru) is a river of southern India. The Penner rises on the hill of Nandi Hills in Chikballapur District of Karnataka state and runs north and east through the state of Andhra Pradesh to empty into the Bay of Bengal. It is 597 kilometres (371 mi) long with a drainage basin 55213 square kilometres (21318 sq mi) large.This river basin occupies nearly 55213 km2 area.
 The Seleștiuța River is a headwater of the Beu River in Romania.
 Chestnut Mountain is a mountain near the city of Brevard North Carolina. It reaches an elevation of 3012 feet (918 m). The mountain generates feeder streams for the French Broad River.
 Liepnitzsee is a German lake located in the municipalities of Wandlitz and Bernau bei Berlin Brandenburg. At an elevation of 49.7 m its surface area is 1.17 km².
 Mount Egon (Gunung Egon sometimes also called Gunung Namang) is a stratovolcano located in the southeastern part of the island of Flores Indonesia in the area of Maumere bay. A landslide during the eruption on 29 January 2004 forced 6000 people to evacuate the area. Activity of Gunung Egon on 15 April 2008 forced thousands of people to evacuate.
 Iroquois Peak is 8th highest peak in the Adirondack Mountains in New York State and is part of the MacIntyre Range which also includes Wright Peak Mount Marshall and Algonquin Peak. Although the mountain does not have an officially maintained trail a well maintained herd path leads to the summit from the northeast.
 The Bâsca Mare River (in hungarian: Nagy-Bászka) is a headwater of the Bâsca Roziliei River in Romania.
 Llyn y Fan Fawr (Welsh: 'lake of the big peak') is a natural lake in the county of Powys Wales. It lies at the foot of Fan Brycheiniog the highest peak of the Black Mountain range within the Brecon Beacons National Park.The lake is enclosed within a rock hollow formed as a result of glacial action during the ice ages. It is drained by a stream known as Nant y Llyn (Welsh: 'stream of the lake') whose waters flow into the River Tawe.
 Strážov at 1213 m (3980 ft) is the highest mountain in the Strážov Mountains part of the Inner Western Carpathians in Trenčín and Žilina Regions Slovakia.The mountain is protected by National Nature Reserve Strážov which belongs to Strážov Mountains Protected Landscape Area. The National Nature Reserve was declared in 1981 and covers an area of 4.8 km² (1.85 mi²).The nearest villages are Zliechov and Čičmany.
 The Padina Ursului River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Kreuzeck is a mountain in the Wetterstein mountain range of Bavaria Germany with an elevation of 1651 m (5417 ft) above sea level. It is part of the present-day Garmisch Classic ski resort.The first ski area at Kreuzeck 1340 m (4396 ft) was developed for the 1936 Winter Olympics in neighboring Garmisch-Partenkirchen the first Olympics to feature alpine skiing. The sole event was the combined with one downhill run and two runs of slalom.
 The Park Range is a mountain range in Nye County Nevada.
 The Steinhüshorn (or Steinhaushorn) is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking Guttannen in the Bernese Oberland. It lies north of the Diechterhorn and west of the Trift Glacier.
 Mount Gibbs is located in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of the U.S. state of California 2.6 miles (4 km) south of Mount Dana. The mountain was named after Oliver Gibbs a professor at Harvard University and friend of Josiah Whitney. Its peak lies on the boundary between Yosemite National Park and Inyo National Forest.The peak is accessible either from the west starting at Tioga Pass Road or from the east via Bloody Canyon from the trailhead at Walker Lake.
 Monte Sasso is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 618 metres above sea level.
 The Crișan is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
 Stockport Creek is a 2.4-mile-long (3.9 km) tributary to the Hudson River in the town of Stockport New York in the United States. Its source is the confluence of Kinderhook Creek and Claverack Creek near the village of Stockport. Its mouth is at the Hudson River at the western boundary of Stockport. The creek is tidal for about one mile inland from the Hudson River.
 The Colorado River (Maipo) is a river of Chile.
 The Rasova River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Monte Croce di Muggio is a mountain of Lombardy in Italy with an elevation of 1799 m. It is located near Lake Como close to the city of Bellano.
 Wolica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Wieprz.
 Todd Crag is a hill and a satellite peak of Loughrigg Fell at 224 m (735 ft) it is not classed as a fell but is a vantage point near Ambleside
 The Ocnișoara River is a tributary of the Pănade River in Romania.
 Monte Campomolon is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1853 metres (6079 ft).
 The Ivaneș River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
 The Gurguiata River (also known as Valea Plopilor River or Huc River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in eastern Romania. The Gurguiata valley has been heavily modified by human activity. There are many storage reservoirs in the valley used mainly for flood control and for intensive fishing. The largest of these is Lake Plopi located in the Belceşti area.
 The Sângătin River is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 Mount Ibu (Indonesian: Gunung Ibu) is a stratovolcano located at the northwest coast of Halmahera island Indonesia. The summit is truncated and contains nested craters. The inner crater is 1 km wide and 400 m deep while the outer is 1.2 km wide. A large parasitic cone is located at the northeast of the summit and a smaller one at the southwest. The latter feeds a lava flow down the west flank. A group of maars are located on the western and northern side of the volcano.
 The Cosiac River is a tributary of the Milova River in Romania.
 The Entiat Mountains or Entiat Range is a mountain range in the U.S. state of Washington. Located west of the Columbia River north of the Wenatchee River and south of the Entiat River the range is part of the North Cascades section of the Cascade Range. The Entiat Range is relatively narrow east to west and long north to south. The Entiat River valley separates the Entiat Mountains from the Chelan Mountains to the northeast.
 The Bifertenstock is a mountain in the Glarus Alps located between the cantons of Glarus (north) and Graubünden (south). It overlooks four valleys: the Biferten Glacier valley on the north-west the Limmern Glacier on the north-east the Val Punteglias on the south-west and the Val Frisal on the south-east. Glaciers cover both sides of the mountain but are smaller on the southern side.
 The Laguas River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Bi Sheng is a lunar crater located on the lunar far side in the LAC-7 quadrant near the northern pole. The crater is located in close proximity to the prominent craters Seares Karpinskiy and Milankovic. The crater was adopted and named after Chinese inventor Bi Sheng by the IAU in August 2010.
 The Athabasca River (French: rivière Athabasca) originates from the Columbia Glacier of the Columbia Icefield in Jasper National Park in Alberta Canada. The impressive and scenic Athabasca Falls is located upstream about 30 km (19 mi) from the Jasper townsite. In Woods Cree the word aðapaskāw means [where] there are plants one after another likely a reference to the spotty vegetation along the river.
 Tosc (2275 metres or 7464 feet) is a mountain in the central Julian Alps. It lies south of Triglav over the Voje Valley. There is a steep gorge towards the Krma Valley. It is frequently visited by ski tourers on the southern slope.
 The Guadalupe River runs from Kerr County Texas to San Antonio Bay on the Gulf of Mexico. The river is a popular destination for rafting fly fishing and canoeing. Larger cities along the river include Kerrville New Braunfels Seguin Gonzales Cuero and Victoria. The Guadalupe has several dams along its length the most notable of which Canyon Dam forms Canyon Lake northwest of New Braunfels.
 Vsetínská Bečva is a river in the Czech Republic the left tributary of the Bečva River.
 Myka (Russian: Мыка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Uls River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 18 km. It flows into the Uls River 27 km of its mouth.
 The Rotăria River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
 The Oradell Reservoir is a reservoir formed by the Oradell Reservoir Dam on the Hackensack River in Bergen County New Jersey USA.
 The Izvorul Șes River is a tributary of the Bistriţa Aurie River in Romania.
 Lake Väsman is a lake in Ludvika Municipality in Dalarna County of Sweden in the Norrström main basin.
 Lake Blanche is a salt lake in central South Australia. It lies below sea level. It forms part of the Strzelecki Desert Lakes Important Bird Area identified as such by BirdLife International because of its importance for waterbirds when holding water in the aftermath of floods.
 Linlithgow Loch is a lake situated in Linlithgow to the west of Edinburgh Scotland. It is to the north of the town centre and next to Linlithgow Palace.The loch is ¾ of a mile long and covers half a square kilometre.
 The Pârâul Strâjii is a tributary of the Prașca River in Romania.
 The Peabody River is a 12.9 mile long (20.7 km) river in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Androscoggin River which flows south and east into Maine joining the Kennebec River near the Atlantic Ocean.The Peabody River rises in Pinkham Notch on the eastern slopes of Mount Washington.
 The Geroldsbach creek originates southern of Götzens on 1.900 m Sea Level. It is compound of 5 fan-like source waters. First it flows through the village and changes there its direction Northeast and passes through the district New-„Götzens“. It flows further down the Wilten Mount and merges at Sieglanger in Innsbruck with the Inn River.
 The Teufelshorn is a mountain in the Glockner Group in the Austrian Central Alps in the central part of the High Tauern. According to the literature it is 3677 metres high but the Austrian Federal Office for Metrology and Survey gives its height as 3680 metres. It lies on the Northwest Ridge (Nordwestgrat) of Austria's highest peak the neighbouring Großglockner along which the border between the Austrian federal states of Tyrol (East Tyrol) and Carinthia runs.
 The Kiekeberg is at 127 metres above sea level one of the more prominent hills in the Harburg Hills in north Germany. It is located in the parish of Ehestorf in the municipality of Rosengarten in the district of Harburg in the southern foothills of the range which is also known as The Black Hills (Die Schwarzen Berge) near the southern state boundary of Hamburg.
 Hörschbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mount Tobaru or Mount Lolodai is located in the northern part of Halmahera island west of Dukono volcano. Little is known about this volcano because of its remote location.
 Serra de Llaberia is a mountain chain in Catalonia Spain located between the Prades and the Tivissa-Vandellòs Mountains. It is part of the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range. The main peaks are Mola de Llaberia (918.3 m) La Miranda (918 m) and Mont-redon (864 m).This mountain range is named after Llaberia village now a ghost town within the Tivissa municipal term.The Serra de Montalt mountain range is a subrange of the main Llaberia range.
 Snoderån is a river in Sweden.
 The Burke River is a river of New Zealand's South Island located in Mount Aspiring National Park. It flows east for 16 kilometres from close to the Mueller Pass reaching the Haast River 10 kilometres south of the Haast Pass.
 The Asan River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Grebe Lake is a 156 acres (0.63 km2) backcountry lake in Yellowstone National Park most noted for it population of Arctic Grayling. Grebe Lake comprises the headwaters of the Gibbon River. Grebe Lake is located approximately 3.1 miles (5.0 km) north of the Norris-Canyon section of the Grand Loop Road. The trail to the lake passes through mostly level Lodgepole Pine forest and open meadows. The lake was named by J.P. Iddings a geologist with the Arnold Hague geologic surveys.
 The Taconic Mountains or Taconic Range are a physiographic section of the larger New England province and part of the Appalachian Mountains running along the eastern border of New York State and adjacent New England from northwest Connecticut to western Massachusetts north to central western Vermont. The range includes notable summits such as Mount Equinox and Mount Greylock the highest point in Massachusetts. Currently local residents along with the prominent 19th century geologist T.
 The Kesselkogel (Italian: Catinaccio d'Antermoia) is the highest mountain in the Rosengarten group in South Tyrol Italy.
 Lac du Lauvitel is a lake at Le Bourg-d'Oisans in the Isère department of France. At an elevation of 1530 m the lake has a surface area of 0.35 km².
 The Conțeasca River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The San Benito River is a river on the Central Coast of California. From its headwaters southeast of Santa Rita Peak in the Diablo Range it flows northwest between the Diablo Range and the Gabilan Range traveling for about 109 miles (175 km) past Hollister California where it turns east into the San Juan Valley where it follows the northern hills before turning north to its confluence with the Pajaro River about 15 miles (24 km) upstream from the river's outlet in Monterey Bay.
 Lake As Pontes (Spanish: Lago de As Pontes Galician: Lago das Pontes) is an artificial lake in the municipality of As Pontes Spain.The site of the lake is a former Lignite mine operated by Spanish energy company Endesa. Once filled it will be the largest lake in Spain.
 The Benther Berg is a ridge up to 173.3 m above sea level in the Calenberg Land near Benthe in Hanover Region in the German state of Lower Saxony.
 Little Goose Creek is a creek originating on the east slope of the Big Horn Mountains in north-central Wyoming.
 The Sèvre Niortaise is a river in western France flowing into the Atlantic Ocean. Its source is in the Deux-Sèvres département near Sepvret north of Melle. It flows through the following départements and towns: Deux-Sèvres: Saint-Maixent-l'École NiortVendée: DamvixCharente-Maritime: MaransIt flows into the Atlantic Ocean in Bourg-Chapon north of the city La Rochelle. The largest city along the river is Niort hence the name Sèvre Niortaise (distinguishing it from the Sèvre Nantaise).
 The Sycan River is a tributary about 75 miles (121 km) long of the Sprague River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The headwaters are in highlands in the Fremont National Forest south of Summer Lake. The river runs northwest into the Sycan Marsh in southern Lake County from which it flows generally southwest to join the Sprague River near Beatty in Klamath County. The uppermost 59 miles (95 km) of the stream are part of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System.
 The Veja River or Corniș River or Hărmănaș River is a tributary of the Sacovăț River in Romania.
 The Râul Minei is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Weißer See is a lake in Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 29.4 metres its surface area is 0.26 km². The Sacrow–Paretz Canal flows through the lake.
 The West Walker River is a tributary of the Walker River approximately 95 miles (153 km) long in eastern California and western Nevada in the United States. It drains part of the Sierra Nevada range along the California-Nevada border in the watershed of Walker Lake in the Great Basin.It rises from snowmelt in the Sierras of northwestern Mono County north of Yosemite National Park approximately 20 miles (32 km) SSW of Walker in the Emigrant Wilderness.
 Belvedere Lagoon is an artificial lagoon in the Marin County California community of Belvedere on San Francisco Bay. Narrow strips of land separate it from Richardson Bay (to the northwest) and Raccoon Strait. Rising above the lagoon on higher ground is Ring Mountain on the Tiburon Peninsula.
 The Cervo (Piedmontese Sar or Serv) is a 65 km torrent (a form of seasonally intermittent stream) in the Piedmont region of north-west Italy. It is the principal tributary of the river Sesia which itself is a significant tributary of the Po.
 Champollion is a lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon. It is located north-northeast of the larger crater Shayn and south-southeast of Chandler.This crater formation has been heavily damaged by subsequent impacts and is now a battered depression in the surface. An unnamed crater overlays the eastern rim and the remaining inner wall is incised along much of its circumference by lesser impacts.
 Apikuni Mountain (9068 feet (2764 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Mount Lawson was named by Walter Wilcox and H.G. Bryant in 1922. It is located in the Kananaskis Range in Alberta.
 Ulmbach (Kinzig) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Dăianu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Poncione Piancascia is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Brione in the canton of Ticino. It lies between the Valle Maggia and the Valle Verzasca. The Poncione di Piancascia has an elevation of 2360 metres and is the highest summit on the range south of Pizzo delle Pecore.
 Bely (Russian: Белый вулкан lit. white volcano) is a basaltic shield volcano in central Kamchatka. The volcano is located in the northern Sredinny Range.
 Labtayt Sulci is a system of deep fractures on Saturn's moon Enceladus. Labtayt Sulci was first seen in low-resolution Voyager 1 images but was observed in much more detail by the Cassini spacecraft during its February 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is centered at 28.0° South Latitude 284.0° West Longitude and is approximately 162 kilometers long 4 kilometers wide and 1 kilometer deep.
 Vergara River is a river located in the Intermediate Depression of Chile. The river rises at the junction of the Malleco and Rehue rivers close to the city of Angol.Nahuelbuta Range barrier forces the river to flow northward. At the latitude of the town of Renaico the Vergara is joined by its main affluent the Renaico.
 The Pitimbu River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.In 2007 the river was tested for potential cytotoxic and genotoxic surface water.
 Anaximenes is a low-rimmed lunar crater that is located near the north-northwest limb of the Moon. It lies to the west of the crater Philolaus and northeast of Carpenter. To the northwest is Poncelet close to the visible edge of the Moon.The outer rim of Anaximenes has been eroded and worn into a roughly circular ring of ridges. The rim is lowest along the northeast side where Anaximenes partly overlaps the equally worn satellite crater Anaximenes G.
 The Anjuman is a stream which runs through the Anjuman Valley in Afghanistan. The stream's sources include the three lakes of the valley with the largest lake being the primary source.
 Heiligenberg (Heidelberg) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 R. D. Bailey Lake is located on the Guyandotte River in Wyoming and Mingo Counties in West Virginia 3.3 miles (5.3 km) east of Justice. Originally referred to as Justice Reservoir the lake was named by Congressional action Public Law 90-46 on July 4 1967 for the late Robert D. Bailey Sr. a prominent jurist diarist and citizen of Pineville. R. D. Bailey lake was dedicated in August 1980.The R. D. Bailey Dam is 310 feet (94 m) high with a top length of 1370 feet (420 m).
 Mount Burke 1270 m (4167 feet) is a mountain located in northeast Coquitlam British Columbia north of Port Coquitlam on the ridge system leading to Coquitlam Mountain. Most of the mountain is part of Pinecone Burke Provincial Park. Mount Burke is a low hill at the end of Cedar Drive in Coquitlam near Minnekehada ParkAccess via Coast Meridian Road and Quarry Road.
 Campbell Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located on the south side of the Queen Maud Gulf east of White Bear Point on Nunavut's mainland.Labyrinth Bay Foggy Bay and Conolly Bay are nearby.
 Buckingham Lake commonly referred to as Buckingham Pond or Rafts Pond is a body of water located in a residential area of Albany New York. It has a surface area of 5 acres (20000 m2) and a mean depth of three feet. The lake is adjacent to Buckingham Lake Park a small recreation area with picnic tables and playground equipment. Three fountains help aerate water during the warmer months while ice-skating often takes place on the lake's frozen surface during the winter.
 The Larga Mare River or Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Cerbu River and Valea Oilor River.
 Affinger Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Valea Postăvaru River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Stanton Glacier is in Flathead National Forest in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated in a cirque on the northeast slope of Great Northern Mountain (8705 ft (2653 m)). Stanton Glacier is one of several glaciers that have been selected for monitoring by the U.S. Geological Survey's Glacier Monitoring Research program which is researching changes to the mass balance of glaciers in and surrounding Glacier National Park (U.S.).
 Little Cranberry Lake Annapolis is a lake of Annapolis County Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Whitefish River is a river in Census Division 21 in the Northern Region of Manitoba Canada. It is in the Hudson Bay and Nelson River drainage basins and is a left tributary of the Saskatchewan River.
 The River Bourne rises in the parish of Ightham Kent and flows in a generally south easterly direction through the parishes of Borough Green Platt Plaxtol West Peckham Hadlow and East Peckham where it joins the River Medway. In the 18th century the river was known as the Busty or Buster the Shode or Sheet but is not known by these names nowadays. A bourne is a type of stream while shode means a branch of a river.
 Nemjung is a mountain in the Himalayas of Nepal. It is located approximately 150 kilometres (93 mi) northwest of the Nepalese capital Kathmandu and about 25 km northwest of the eight-thousander Manaslu. Its summit has an elevation of 7140 metres (23425 ft). Nemjung was first climbed in 1983 by a Japanese team. Attempts have been made in 1994 by a British expedition; and in 2009 by a French team.
 Marsh Marigold Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island that is west of Buttle Lake.
 Climont formerly called Clivemont in Old French and Winberg in Old Alsatian is a conical sandstone peak of the Vosges mountains. The mountain with a cut-off shape is known from afar by walkers and modern-day travellers.Situated today in Alsace to the south-west of the Champ du Feu Clivemont's 965 metre peak is recognizable from a distance by its trapezoidal shape.
 Malaya Nevka (Russian: Ма́лая Не́вка) is the southern distributary of the Bolshaya Nevka. The Bolshaya Nevka splits into Malaya Nevka (the southern armlet) and Srednaya Nevka (the northern armlet) near the Kamenny Island's easternmost tip.The length of Malaya Nevka is about 5 km the width is from 120 to 300 meters depth is 35 – 7 meters. It has its own armlets: Krestovka Karpovka and Zhdanovka.
 Kvifjorden is a lake that straddles the borders of the Norwegian municipalities of Sirdal and Kvinesdal in Vest-Agder county and Bygland in Aust-Agder county. The lake is part of the Kvina river.The lake is located about 27 kilometres (17 mi) northeast of Tonstad and about 47 kilometres (29 mi) northwest of Byglandsfjord.
 Canada Creek is a 20.3-mile-long (32.7 km) stream in northeastern lower Michigan having its origin at Valentine Lake in Briley Township in northern Montmorency County. It winds its way north through Montmorency Township then crosses into Allis Township in southwestern Presque Isle County before emptying into the Black River in Cheboygan County.
 The Pigua River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Rotvatnet or Nervatnet is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. The lake lies just west of the village of Tømmerneset. The European route E06 highway runs along the eastern shore of the lake. The lake Strindvatnet lies to the south of this lake.
 The Tes River (Mongolian: Тэс гол; Tuvan: Тес-Хем) is a river in northwestern Mongolia and southern Tuva Russia. Its spring is in Tsagaan-Uul sum in Khövsgöl. The river then flows through Zavkhan (Mongolia) Tuva (Russia) next back to Uvs (Mongolia) before entering Uvs Nuur lake. While in Khövsgöl there is a wooden bridge near Tsetserleg and a concrete bridge near Bayantes on the road to Kyzyl Russia. The Tes River is primary source of the Uvs Lake.
 The Desert Hills are a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada.
 Vogelsang is a 1022-metre (3353 ft)-high mountain in Bavaria Germany. It lies southwest of the Regen district and northeast of Deggendorf. It is located in the Bernried municipality.It lies in the western foothills of the Bavarian Forest.
 Conneaut Lake is the largest natural lake in Pennsylvania. It is located in western Crawford County near a town with the same name. The site of the lake is actually in adjacent Sadsbury Township and nearby Summit Township.
 The Horea River is a tributary of the Aporliget River. It originates in Romania and crosses the border into Hungary.
 Arroyo Seco is an 11.7-mile-long (18.8 km) watercourse in Alameda County California that traverses through the city of Livermore. Arroyo Seco means dry stream in Spanish. Arroyo Seco lies above the Arroyo Seco watershed which includes the eastern part of the city of Livermore and also the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory. The Mocho Subbasin is the largest of the subbasins in the Livermore Valley watershed.
 Mount Shokotsu (渚滑岳 Shokotsu-dake) is a mountain in the Kitami Mountains. It is located in Takinoue Hokkaidō Japan.
 Virvasselva or Virvassåga (Lule Sami: Viresjåhkå) is a river in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The river flows out of the eastern part of the lake Virvatnet. The stream Boneselva meets Virvasselva about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) east of the lake Virvatnet. This is a large continuous very rich and untouched wetland area with tarns rivers marshes and very tight vegetation.
 Nordefjorden (Northern Sami: Nuorttat Dáččavuotna) is a fjord on the west side of the island of Seiland in Hammerfest Municipality Finnmark county Norway. The fjord extends about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) southeastwards to the valley Nordre Bumannsfjorddalen at the bottom of the fjord. Because of the valley the fjord is occasionally called Nordre Bumannsfjord. About 400 metres (1300 ft) out into the fjord the fjord reaches a maximum depth of 84 metres (276 ft).
 The River Mellte (Welsh: Afon Mellte) is a river in Wales. It is formed by the confluence of the Afon Llia and the Afon Dringarth. It then flows south through the village of Ystradfellte to Pontneddfechan where it joins with the Nedd Fechan to become the River Neath (Welsh: Afon Nedd). The river derives its name from Mellt - the Welsh word for 'lightning' - after its tendency to rise and fall rapidly in response to heavy rainfall.
 Hudson Canyon is a vally and a tributary ephemeral stream of the Devil's River in Val Verde County Texas. It has its source at 29°57′03″N 101°10′38″W at an elevation of 1780 feet. Its mouth has its confluence with Devil's River a short distance below Bakers Crossing at 1499 feet.
 Lamoille Lake is a glacial tarn in the Ruby Mountains in Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. It is located at the head of Lamoille Canyon at approximately 40°34.6′N 115°23.7′W and at an elevation of 9740 feet (2970 meters). It has an area of approximately 13.6 acres (5.5 hectares).
 North Mountain is a 2584-foot (788 m) ridge primarily located in Davidson Township of Sullivan County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. Its summit is that county's highest point the 10th highest among the state's 67 counties. Portions also extend into neighboring Lycoming Luzerne and Wyoming counties. The mountain has a topographic isolation of 57.99 miles (93.33 km). U.S. Route 220 passes near the mountain.
 Chiemsee (German pronunciation: [ˈkiːmzeː]) is a freshwater lake in Bavaria Germany between Rosenheim Germany and Salzburg Austria. It is often called the Bavarian Sea. The rivers Tiroler Achen and Prien flow into the lake from the South; the river Alz out of it towards the North. The Chiemsee is divided into the bigger north section in the northeast called Weitsee and the Inselsee in the southwest.The region around the Chiemsee is Chiemgau and is a famous recreation area.
 The Salaca (Estonian: Salatsi jõgi) is a river in northern Latvia. It flows from Lake Burtnieks in Vidzeme 90 km to the Gulf of Riga. The river flows through three towns Mazsalaca Staicele and Salacgrīva. The riverbanks feature Devonian red sandstone cliffs and many caves and rapids as well. The Salaca is one of the best salmon rivers in all of Latvia.
 The Riffelwandspitzen are two adjacent mountains in the Wetterstein range in Bavaria. The summit of the Great Riffelwandspitze (German: Große Riffelwandspitze) reaches a height of 2626 m the summit of the Little Riffelwandspitze (Kleine Riffelwandspitze) 2543 m.
 Shatrunjaya (place of victory; originally Pundarikgiri) also spelt Shetrunjaya are hills located by the city of Palitana in Bhavnagar district Gujarat India. They are situated on the banks of the Shetrunji River at an elevation 2121 feet (646 m) above sea level. These hills have similarities to other hills where Jain temples have been built in Bihar Gwalior Mount Abu and Girnar.The Jain's sacred site of Shatrunjay contains hundreds of Palitana temples.
 Tebbutt is a lunar crater that is located near the southwestern edge of Mare Crisium. It was formerly designated Picard G before being named by the IAU and lies south of the crater Picard. To the north of Tebbutt but farther east than Picard is the flooded Lick.This crater has a worn and damaged outer rim along its eastern half but the rim is all but nonexistent on the western face being little more than a pair of curved ridges beneath the surface.
 Lake Ellen is a lake located near Cascade Wisconsin approximately 44 miles (71 km) northwest of Milwaukee and is a 121-acre (0.49 km2) lake with a maximum depth of 42 feet (13 m). Used for recreational boating fishing and swimming it is surrounded by cabins and small cottages. The lake is also home to largemouth bass northern pike and panfish including bluegills crappies yellow perch pumpkinseed sunfish rock bass and white bass.
 Mount Victoria is the highest point in the Owen Stanley Ranges in Central Province Papua New Guinea at 4038 metres (13248 ft). It lies approximately 75 km north-north-east of Port Moresby and can be seen on a clear day from the city.
 Kad (Russian: Кадь) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of Yayva River. It is 76 km in length with area of drainage basin 570 km². it starts on west slope of Ural mountains to the west of mount Cherdynsky Kamen in Sverdlovsk Oblast. Flows into Yayava in 230 km of its mouth. There are some small tributaries most significant of them: Plyasovaya (10 km) Kedrovaya (11 km) Samara (11 km).
 Apuaú River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Nutty Putty Cave is a hydrothermal cave located west of Utah Lake in Utah County Utah United States.The cave first explored in 1960 by Dale Green is currently owned by the Utah School and Institutional Trust Lands Administration and managed by the Utah Timpanogos Grotto.In the recent past this cave has had four rescues of cavers and Boy Scouts who became stuck inside the cave's tight twists turns and crawls.In 2006 an effort was put forth to study and severely limit the amount of visitors allowed inside the cave. 
 Bratsk Reservoir (Russian: Бра́тское водохрани́лище Bratskoye Reservoir) is a reservoir on the Angara River located in Irkutsk Oblast Russia. It is named after the city of Bratsk the largest city adjacent to the reservoir. It has a surface area of 5470 square kilometres (2110 sq mi) and a maximum volume of 169.27 × 1012 litres (37.2 × 1012 gallons).The concrete dam of the Bratsk hydroelectric plant was completed in 1967. It is 125 metres (410 ft) high and 4417 metres (14491 ft) long.
 The Chaîne de l'Épine in the department of Savoie in southeast France is a 20-kilometre (12 mi) long ridge of the Jura Mountains that runs north–south along the east side of the Lac d'Aiguebelette from the Col de l'Épine west of Chambéry as far as the western edge of the Chartreuse Mountains near the commune of Les Échelles. To the north the ridge becomes the Mont du Chat ridge along the western shore of the Lac du Bourget. At the southern end the ridge terminates at the Guiers River.
 Kelster is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Vasslivatnet is a lake in the municipality of Hemne in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The 2.92-square-kilometre (1.13 sq mi) lake lies along the highway E39 about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) east of Vinjeøra. The lake is a man-made lake along the river Søo. There is a dam on the west end that is part of a hydropower plant.
 The Pârvești River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 The Little River is a short mostly-tidal river in Perry Maine. From Boyden Stream Reservoir (44°58′20″N 67°05′23″W) it runs about 2 miles (3 km) east to Passamaquoddy Bay.
 The Pârâul cu Borviz is a tributary of the Ozunca River in Romania.
 Lewis and Clark Lake is an impoundment on the Missouri River above Gavins Point Dam near Yankton South Dakota. It is located on the border of South Dakota and Nebraska. The reservoir is approximately 25 miles (40 km) long with a surface area of 31000 acres (130 km²); it has a maximum depth of 45 feet (14 m). It is the smallest of the Pick-Sloan Plan impoundments and has been plagued with siltation problems.
 Leirungshøi is a mountain in Oppland and Reinheimen National Park Norway.
 Shiprock (Navajo: Tsé Bitʼaʼí rock with wings or winged rock) is a monadnock rising nearly 1583 feet (482.5 m) above the high-desert plain on the Navajo Nation in San Juan County New Mexico USA. It has a peak elevation of 7177 feet (2187.5 m) above sea level. It lies about 10.75 miles (17.30 km) southwest of the town of Shiprock which is named for the peak.
 The Upper Millecoquins River is a 7.6-mile-long (12.2 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It begins at the outlet of Millecoquins Pond in northern Mackinac County and flows generally south to Millecoquins Lake. The outlet of Millecoquins Lake is the Lower Millecoquins River which flows to Lake Michigan.
 Devils Thumb or Taalkhunaxhkʼu Shaa in Tlingit is a mountain in the Stikine Icecap region of the Alaska–British Columbia border near Petersburg. It is named for its projected thumb-like appearance. Its name in the Tlingit language has the meaning the Mountain That Never Flooded and is said to have been a refuge for people during Aangalakhu (the Great Flood).
 The Antelope Range is a mountain range in White Pine County Nevada.
 Blue Springs Lake is a freshwater reservoir located near Blue Springs in Jackson County Missouri. The lake is located in Fleming Park which is managed by Jackson County Parks and Recreation.
 The Mersey River formerly known as Rivière Rossignol by the Acadians is a river in Nova Scotia Canada. It is named after the River Mersey in Liverpool England. The river proper flows from the eastern end of Eleven Mile Lake in Annapolis County southward to Kejimkujik Lake in Kejimkujik National Park then through Lake Rossignol to empty into the Atlantic Ocean at the town of Liverpool Nova Scotia.
 Mount Bulusan or Bulusan Volcano is the southernmost volcano on Luzon Island in the Republic of the Philippines. It is situated in the province of Sorsogon in the Bicol region 70 km (43 mi) southeast of Mayon Volcano and approximately 250 km (160 mi) southeast of the Philippine capital of Manila.It is one of the active volcanoes in the Philippines.
 Lacamas Creek is in Clark County Washington United States and flows about 12.5 miles (20.1 km) from headwaters near Camp Bonneville to Lacamas Lake and Round Lake in Camas and eventually into the Washougal River. Lacamas Creek is fed by numerous streams but the five largest tributaries are Matney Creek Shanghai Creek Fifth Plain Creek China Ditch and Dwyer Creek.Geologists think it likely that the creek used to flow westward through the Burnt Bridge Creek channel.
 Loon Lake (Ktunaxa: ya·kiǂ namnamxniyamki ) is a 1100-acre (450 ha) lake located in Stevens County Washington 30 miles (48 km) north-northwest of Spokane Washington at an elevation of 726 metres (2382 ft). Named by John Hofsteter in 1881 the lake is about two miles wide one mile long and has a maximum depth of 100 feet (30 m).
 The White Lauter is the right hand source of the river Lauter. It rises southeast of Lenningen below the state road B465. Near Lenningen it joins the Black Lauter forming the Lauter.
 Mount Bonneville (12590 feet (3840 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The summit is located in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest immediately west of the Continental Divide. Mount Bonneville is a distinctively iconic peak of the Wind River Range and was named after explorer Benjamin Bonneville.
 Clinton Peak elevation 13864 ft (4226 m) is a summit in the Mosquito Range of central Colorado. The peak is on the Continental Divide east of Climax in the San Isabel and Pike national forests.
 The Bietschhorn (3934 m) is a mountain in canton Wallis to the south of the Bernese Alps in Switzerland. The northeast and southern slopes of the mountain are part of the Jungfrau-Aletsch Protected Area (formerly Jungfrau-Aletsch-Bietschhorn) listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site that also includes the Jungfrau and the Aletsch Glacier.
 Geishöhe is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Megget Reservoir is a man-made water body in Ettrick Forest in the Scottish Borders. The 259 hectares (640 acres) reservoir is held back by the largest earth dam in Scotland. The reservoir collects water from the Tweedsmuir Hills which is then conveyed 28 miles (45 km) via pipelines to Edinburgh. The pipelines are routed through the Manor Valley and the Meldon Hills to Gladhouse Reservoir and Glencorse Reservoir in the Pentland Hills.
 The Aiguille des Grands Montets (3295 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in Haute-Savoie France.
 Soldier Lake is a lake of Hants County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Sarantaporos (Greek: Σαραντάπορος) is a river in the southeastern part of the Kozani regional unit and the northern part of the Larissa regional unit in northern Greece. Its source is in eastern part of the Kamvounia mountains southeast of the town Servia. The river passes east of the village Sarantaporo and flows into the Titarisios near the village Milea. Part of the Greek National Road 3 (Larissa - Kozani - Florina - Niki) runs through the Sarantaporos valley.
 The River Dean rises at Longclough in Macclesfield Forest on the western edge of the Peak District foothills above the village of Rainow in north east Cheshire England. Together with a number of tributary streams it is impounded by the dam at Lamaload.
 Goldbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Theistareykjarbunga is a shield volcano in Iceland with two fissure vents called Theistareykjahraun and Borgahraun and two cones the 370m Storahversmor and the 540m Storaviti.
 Coombabah Lake is located in the suburb of Coombabah five km from the coast and eight km North West of Southport on the Gold Coast of South East Queensland Australia.
 To read about the Harter Fell near Mardale in the Lake District see Harter Fell (Mardale).Harter Fell is a mountain in the western part of the English Lake District located between the Eskdale and Duddon valleys. Its height is 649 m (2128 ft). There are several walking routes to the summit.
 The Pârâul Sărății is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
 Mount Adam (Spanish: Monte Independencia/Monte Beaufort) is a mountain on West Falkland part of the Hill Cove Mountains range. It is the highest mountain on West Falkland and is one of the highest in the islands. It has the remains of glacial cirques on it and is of similar height to Mount Usborne on East Falkland. Its summit is at 700 metres (2300 ft) As one of the highest mountains of the Falklands it experienced some glaciation.
 The Osilinka Ranges are a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located between Osilinka River and Lay Creek in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Elk Lake is a natural body of water in the central Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Oregon. Nearly 4900 feet (1500 m) above sea level the lake is part of a volcanic landscape about 25 miles (40 km) west-southwest of Bend along the Cascade Lakes Scenic Byway.Elk Lake is about 6 miles (10 km) west of Mount Bachelor in Deschutes National Forest.
 Petticoat Hill is the name of a 1180 foot (361 m) hill and a 60-acre (24 ha) open space reservation located in Williamsburg Massachusetts in the eastern Berkshire Mountains. The reservation occupying the east side of the hill is managed by The Trustees of Reservations (TTOR) a non-profit conservation organization. The hill and reservation are characterized by steep slopes largely wooded with northern hardwood forest species particularly eastern hemlock.
 The Azul River (Piquiri River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Karkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Bental (Arabic: جبل بنطل  جبل الغرام‎ / ALA-LC: Jabal al-Gharam / Mountain of Lust Jabal Bental; Hebrew: הר בנטל‎ Har Bental Mount Bental) is a dormant volcanic mountain in the North-Eastern part of the Golan Heights It extends to an elevation of 1171 Meters above sea level.
 The Gareloi Volcano is a stratovolcano in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska USA about 1259 miles (2026 km) from Anchorage. Gareloi is located on Gareloi Island and comprises most of its land mass. The island also has two small glaciers which protrude to the northwest and southeast.The volcano is 6 miles (10 km) by 5 miles (8 km) at its base possessing two summits.
 The Valea Largă is a small river in Cluj County western Romania. It is a left tributary of the river Arieş. It flows through the municipalities Frata Ceanu Mare Tritenii de Jos and Viişoara and joins the Arieș at Viișoara. It is fed by several smaller streams including Tritul Bolduț and Valea Lată.
 The Gardina River is a tributary of the Valea Feții River in Romania.
 The Roșchii River is a tributary of the Pănicerul River in Romania.
 Short Mountain is a traprock mountain located in south central Connecticut 5 miles (8 km) north of the city of Meriden. It is part of the narrow Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border. Short Mountain is known for its scenic cliffs unique microclimate ecosystems and rare plant communities. It is traversed by the 51-mile (82 km) Metacomet Trail.
 The Sarntal Alps (German: Sarntaler Alpen) are a mountain range in South Tyrol Italy.
 Alpine Lake / Ata Puai is a small lake in the West Coast Region of New Zealand. The lake is located 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) south of Okarito and 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west of the larger Lake Mapourika. Alpine is something of a misnomer as the lake is only 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from the sea and at an elevation of less than 100m.
 Mother Brook is the modern name for a stream that flows from the Charles River in Dedham Massachusetts to the Neponset River in the Hyde Park section of Boston Massachusetts. Mother Brook was also known variously as East Brook and Mill Brook in earlier times. The man-made portion of Mother Brook is considered to have been the first canal in America dug by English settlers.
 Guntersville Lake (generally referred to locally as Lake Guntersville) is located in north Alabama between Bridgeport and Guntersville. Created by Guntersville Dam along the Tennessee River it stretches 75 miles (121 km) from Guntersville Dam to Nickajack Dam. It is Alabama's largest lake at 69000 acres (280 km²).The lake and dam received its name from the town of Guntersville which received its name from an early settler of the area John Gunter.
 Little Pockwock Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Wakulla River is an 11-mile-long (18 km) river in Wakulla County Florida. It carries the outflow from Wakulla Springs site of the Edward Ball Wakulla Springs State Park to the St. Marks River 3 miles (5 km) north of the Gulf of Mexico. Its drainage basin extends northwest into Leon County including Munson Slough and may extend as far north as the Georgia border.The river due to its clear clean water was once used to film underwater scenes during north Florida's cinema boom.
 Corbek is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Dobra is a river located mostly in the Karlovac County in the Republic of Croatia. It is 104 kilometres (65 mi) long and its basin covers an area of 900 square kilometres (350 sq mi). Its name is the feminine form of the Croatian adjective meaning good but it is over simplistic folk etymology.
 The Potts River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally south from the southern end of the Arrowsmith Range through a steep-sided valley between the Potts Range to the west and the Big Hill Range to the east. At the end of these ranges the river veers southwest meeting the upper reaches of the Rangitata River five kilometres north of Mesopotamia Station.
 Patricia Lake is a lake in Jasper National Park Alberta Canada near the town of Jasper. It was named for Princess Patricia of Connaught a granddaughter of Queen Victoria.Pyramid Lake is connected by hiking trails to the town of Jasper and other tourist sites such as Pyramid Lake and Pyramid Mountain.
 The Păduriș River is a tributary of the Valea Dreaptă River in Romania.
 The Mahaweli River (Sinhala: මහවැලි ගඟ literally Great Sandy River; Tamil: மகாவலி ஆறு [mahawali gangai]) is a 335 km (208 mi) long river ranking as the longest river in Sri Lanka. Its drainage basin is the largest in the country and covers almost one-fifth of the total area of the island. The river reaches the Bay of Bengal on the southwestern side of Trincomalee Bay.
 The Greenwood River is a tributary of the Brule River of Minnesota in the United States. It rises at the outlet of Greenwood Lake and flows south 7.1 miles (11.4 km) to the Brule River.
 Obere Argen is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Turia or Túria (Valencian: Riu Túria [ˈriw ˈtuɾia]; Spanish: Río Turia [ˈri.o ˈtuɾja]; Latin: Turia) is a Spanish river which has its source in the Montes Universales amidst the mountain ranges of the northwesternmost end of the Sistema Ibérico Teruel province. From its source to roughly the city of Teruel it is called Guadalaviar river. It runs through the provinces of Teruel Cuenca and Valencia and discharges into the Mediterranean sea near the city of Valencia.
 Rohrer Sattel (el. 864 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps located in the Bundesland of Lower Austria.It connects Rohr im Gebirge and Gutenstein and has a maximum grade of 84 percent. The pass road is the Gutensteinerstraße (B 21).
 Strėva River is a river in Trakai and Kaunas district municipalities Lithuania. In 1348 Battle of Strėva between the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Teutonic Knights was fought on the frozen river. In 1962 the river was damed to create Elektrėnai Reservoir the third-largest artificial lake in Lithuania. Strėva flows through Elektrėnai Žiežmariai Semeliškės. According to a study in 2001 Strėva was one of the cleanest rivers in the Neman River basin in Lithuania.
 Māhukona is a submerged shield volcano on the northwestern flank of the Island of Hawaiʻi. A drowned coral reef at about 3770 feet (-1150 m) below sea level and a major break in slope at about 4400 feet (-1340 m) below sea level represent old shorelines. The summit of the shield volcano was once 800 feet (250 m) above sea level. It has now subsided below sea level. A roughly circular caldera marks the summit of Māhukona. A prominent rift zone extends to the west.
 The Aran from Basque Harana is a left tributary of the Adour in the French Basque Country in Aquitaine Southwest France.The river is also known as the Joyeuse which is also the name of a tributary of the Bidouze.
 The Teudiaș River is a tributary of the Sartiș River in Romania.
 The Bendoc River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the Alpine regions of the states of Victoria and New South Wales Australia.
 The Kaiserkrone is a heavily abraded and jagged remains of a table mountain that together with the Zirkelstein rises above the level plain of Schöna immediately on the outskirts of the village in the Elbe Sandstone Mountains in the German state of Saxony.The name Kaiserkrone means imperial crown and is derived from its appearance.
 Mała Słupina is a river of Poland a tributary of the Radunia.
 Davis Peak is a mountain just north of Gorge Lake in North Cascades National Park in the US state of Washington. It is located just south of the Picket Range. While not of particularly high elevation even for the North Cascades it is notable for its large steep local relief and in particular for its huge Northeast Face which drops 5250 ft (1600 m) in one horizontal mile (1.6 km).
 The Telecșag River is a tributary of the Feernic River in Romania
 Waqraqucha (Quechua waqra horn qucha lake lagoon horn lake hispanicized spelling Huacracocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Yauli Province Morococha District. It lies southeast of the mountain Antikuna near the Antikuna (Anticona) mountain pass.
 Dąbie (Polish: Dąbie or Jezioro Dąbskie German: Dammscher See) is a lake in the delta of the Oder in northwestern Poland in Szczecin. South of the lake lies a Szczecin district also called Dąbie.
 Lake Ilopango is a crater lake which fills a scenic 8×11 km (72 km2 or 28 sq mi) volcanic caldera in central El Salvador on the borders of the San Salvador La Paz and Cuscatlán departments. The caldera which contains the second largest lake in the country and is located immediately east of the capital city San Salvador has a scalloped 100 m (330 ft) to 500 m (1600 ft) high rim.
 Gutman's Cave (Latvian: Gūtmaņa ala) is the deepest cave in the Baltic countries[citation needed] located on the Gauja River bank in the National Park of Sigulda Latvia. It started forming before 10 000 years when after the Ice Age the water streams gnawed through a sandstone rock. The oldest tourist attraction in Latvia. On the walls of the cave there are inscriptions from the 17th century. The legend of the Rose of Turaida began in this cave.
 Toney Mountain is an elongated snow-covered shield volcano 60 km (38 mi) long and rising to 3595 m in Richmond Peak located 56 km (35 mi) SW of Kohler Range in Marie Byrd Land Antarctica. A 3 km-wide summit caldera tops the volcano and a sample from there yielded a potassium-argon date of 500000 years ago.
 Jostedøla (or Jostedalselva) is a river which runs through the Jostedalen valley in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The Jostedøla river begins near the Fåbergstølen mountain farm where the runoff from the great Jostedalsbreen glacier and the lakes Austdalsvatnet and Styggevatnet comes together in the Jostedalen valley.
 Karjiang is a mountain in Tibet located near the Bhutan–China border. The highest peak of the Karjiang group is Karjiang I or Karjiang South with an elevation of 7221 metres (23691 ft); it remains unclimbed. Other peaks include Karjiang North (7196 m) Karjiang II/Central (7045 m) Karjiang III or Taptol Kangri (6820 m) and the top of the north-eastern shoulder (6400 m).
 Calton Hill (archaically spelt Caltoun or Caldoun and also known as the Calton Hill) is a hill in central Edinburgh Scotland just to the east of Princes Street and is included in the city's UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 Asimov Crater is an impact crater in the Noachis quadrangle of Mars located at 47.0° S and 355.05° W. It is 84.0 km in diameter and was named after Isaac Asimov (1920–1992) an American biochemist and writer.
 The Cetița River is a tributary of the Cetea River in Romania.
 The Joshua Green River is a stream 15 miles (24 km) long in the Aleutians East Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. It flows generally northwest across the Izembek National Wildlife Refuge from its source in the Aleutian Range of the Alaska Peninsula into Moffet Lagoon Bristol Bay on the Bering Sea. The river's mouth is 17 miles (27 km) northeast of Cold Bay.
 Two Ocean Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The glacially formed lake is 2.4 miles (3.9 km) long and can be reached from a parking area adjacent to the lake. The Two Ocean Lake Trail is 6.4 miles (10.3 km) long and circles the lake passing through forests and clearings.
 The Middle Cathedral Rock is a prominent rock face on the south side of Yosemite Valley California. El Capitan lies due north of Middle Cathedral. Middle Cathedral's East Buttress Route is recognized in the historic climbing text Fifty Classic Climbs of North America.
 The Akatarawa River is located in the lower North Island of New Zealand.It is a short river flowing south for 20 kilometres through small rocky gorges and the Akatarawa Valley before joining the Hutt River at the northern end of Upper Hutt. Its eventual outflow is into Wellington Harbour then into Cook Strait.
 The Coral Sea is a marginal sea off the northeast coast of Australia and classified as an interim Australian bioregion.It is bounded in the west by the east coast of Queensland thereby including the Great Barrier Reef in the east by Vanuatu (formerly the New Hebrides) and by New Caledonia and in the northeast approximately by the southern extremity of the Solomon Islands. In the northwest it reaches to the south coast of eastern New Guinea thereby including the Gulf of Papua.
 The Pinto Peak Range is a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada.
 The Salta River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 Black Mountain is a mountain located in Catron County New Mexico on the northern boundary of the Gila Wilderness and in the Gila National Forest.Black Mountain stands within the watershed of the Gila River which drains into the Colorado River and thence into the Gulf of California in Mexico.The eastern and northern slopes of Black Mountain drain into the East Fork of the Gila River; the western and southern sides drain into the Middle Fork.Currently (February 2014) the Forest Service web page states that the summit lookout tower is closed. 
 Ickbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Rohia River in Romania.
 Monte Aga is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Tomaga River an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial stream is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Pointe Rénod is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3368 metres above sea level.
 Geumjusan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Pocheon. Geumjusan has an elevation of 569.2 m (1867 ft).
 Mount McLoughlin is a steep-sided lava cone built on top of a shield volcano in the Cascade Range of southern Oregon and within the Sky Lakes Wilderness area. It is one of the volcanic peaks in the Cascade Volcanic Arc. The mountain is north of Mount Shasta south of Crater Lake and west of Upper Klamath Lake.
 Gajisan is a mountain in South Korea. It sits on the boundary between the city of Ulsan the city of Miryang in the province of Gyeongsangnam-do and Cheongdo County in Gyeongsangbuk-do. Gajisan has an elevation of 1240 m (4068 ft).
 Goljak (Albanian: Gollak Serbian: Гољак) is a mountainous region in the eastern part of Kosovo and southern Serbia bordering the Lab region to the west. The cities of Pristina and Gnjilane in Kosovo and Sijarinska Banja in Serbia are located by the mountains. The highest peak Velja glava has an elevation of 1181 m (3875 ft) above sea level.
 Volanuten is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Pietrele Vidruței River is a tributary of the Vidruța River in Romania.
 Llangorse Lake (Welsh: Llyn Syfaddon variant: Llyn Syfaddan) is the largest natural lake in South Wales and is situated in the Brecon Beacons National Park near to the town of Brecon and the village of Llangors.The lake is famous for its coarse fishing (particularly pike) watersports the afanc (nicknamed 'Gorsey') and the only example of a crannog in Wales. Llangorse Lake is also one of the most mentioned sites in Welsh folklore.
 Boggy Lake is a lake of Guysborough District in Nova Scotia Canada. It also extends into Halifax County. This natural area is characterized by well-defined drumlins with mature to immature old-growth sugar maple yellow birch and beech forests that sit in a matrix of well drained coniferous hummocky terrain.
 The Iška (pronounced [ˈiːʃka]) is a river of Slovenia. Part of the river valley—the Iška Gorge or Iška Canyon (Slovene: Iški Vintgar)—separates Lower Carniola from Inner Carniola. The river is 31 km (19 mi) long.
 Gardno (German: Garder See) is a lake in the Słowińskie Lakeland in Pomeranian Voivodship Poland. It is the part of Słowiński National Park. Its area is 24.69 km². It is 6.8 km long and 4.7 km wide. Maximum depth is 2.6 m.
 The Calabouço River is a river of Paraíba and Rio Grande do Norte states in eastern Brazil.
 Dogue Creek is an 8.5-mile-long (13.7 km) tributary of the Potomac River in Fairfax County Virginia named for the Doeg Indians. The lower 3 miles (5 km) of the creek form a tidal embayment of the Potomac to the east of Fort Belvoir.
 Lake Neatahwanta is located in and near the city of Fulton in Oswego County New York. It covers approximately 750 acres (3.0 km2) of which about one-half is located within the city while the other half is located in the town of Granby.It is currently prohibited to swim in the lake or to allow pets to have contact with the water due to pollution and microbial growth.
 The Pracupí River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Augstenberg (also known as Piz Blaisch Lunga) is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located on the border between Austria and Switzerland. It has an elevation of 3230 metres above sea level. A secondary summit on the south has an elevation of 3225 metres. On its eastern side the Augstenberg overlooks the Pass Futschöl (2768 m).
 Nant-y-moch Reservoir is situated in the Cambrian Mountains in northern Ceredigion Wales. The reservoir which flooded a part of the valley of the River Rheidol and its headwaters derives its name from a stream the Nant-y-moch (in English = the pigs stream) which formerly flowed into the River Rheidol at this spot. The dam is about three miles north of the village of Ponterwyd.
 Langesjøen is a lake in the municipality of Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud county Norway.
 Telmen Lake (Mongolian: Тэлмэн нуур) is a saltwater lake in Zavkhan Mongolia. Three islands are located in the lake which is a gathering point for migratory birds. The water salinity is 6.49-7.61‰.
 Wertacher Hörnle is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Ben Lomond formerly Ben Lomond Mountain elevation 1654 metres (5427 ft) is a mountain in the North Shore Mountains of southwestern British Columbia Canada. It is located southeast of the town of Squamish and immediately west of Loch Lomond and was named in association with that lake both mountain and lake being named in reference to the mountain and lake of that name in Scotland.
 Loughrigg Fell is a hill in the central part of the English Lake District. It stands on the end of the long ridge coming down from High Raise over Silver How towards Ambleside and is separated from its neighbours by the depression of Red Bank.
 for the mountain range in San Bernardino County California.The Gravel Range is a mountain range in Tuolumne County California.
 Nahmint Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island south of Sproat Lake north east of Henderson Lake.
 Cooks Creek is a stream of Antigua and Barbuda. It is located on the island of Antigua.
 Fowl River is a 14.4-mile-long (23.2 km) brackish river in Mobile County Alabama. It originates near the Mobile suburb of Theodore and then splits into the East Fowl River and the West Fowl River. The East Fowl River discharges into Mobile Bay south of Belle Fontaine. The West Fowl River discharges into the Mississippi Sound east of Coden. It was named by the original French colonists as the Riviere aux Poules which can be translated into English as Fowl River.
 Lake Ingeborg is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 462.Lake Ingeborg is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. It is located upstream of Spangle Lake and Little Spangle Lake.
 The Valea Runcu River is a headwater of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Grenada Lake is a reservoir on the Yalobusha River in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is one of four flood control lakes in North Mississippi constructed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Grenada Lake was constructed to help control flooding along the Yazoo River Basin. The dam is located on the Yalobusha River approximately 3 miles (5 km) northeast of Grenada Mississippi. The operation of Grenada Lake began in 1954 after a cost of $32 million to construct.
 The Crivaia Mare River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Aiguille de Scolette (in French) or Pierre Menue (in Italian) is a mountain of Savoie (F) and of the province of Turin (I). It lies in the Cottian Alps range. It has an elevation of 3506 metres above sea level.
 The Kiwalik River is a stream on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. The headwaters of the river originate in the eastern portion of the peninsula around Granite Mountain. The river flows north to its mouth at Kiwalik Lagoon Chukchi Sea. The start of the 20th century mining town of Candle is found on its western bank at the confluence of Candle Creek.
 Winnebago Creek is a 23.6-mile-long (38.0 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in southeastern Minnesota.
 Blombach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Trohana River is a tributary of the Netezi River in Romania.
 The Deva is a river in Northern Spain flowing through the Autonomous Communities of Cantabria and Asturias until it joins the Cares River and flows into the Atlantic Ocean in the Bay of Biscay where they form the Tina Mayor estuary which is the natural border between Asturias and Cantabria.
 Lake Ry de Rome is an artificial lake near the city of Couvin in Belgium near the border of France. The lake is located in the Ardennes. The water volume is 2200000 m³ and the area is 0.25 km².
 The Calcasieu River (/ˌkælkɵˈʃuː/ KAL-kə-SHOO) is a river on the Gulf Coast in southwestern Louisiana. Approximately 200 miles (320 km) long it drains a largely rural area of forests and bayou country meandering southward to the Gulf of Mexico. The name Calcasieu comes from the Native American Atakapa language katkosh for eagle and yok to cry.
 Lewisville Lake is a reservoir located in North Texas (USA) on the Elm Fork of the Trinity River in Denton County near Lewisville. Originally engineered in 1927 as Lake Dallas the reservoir was expanded in the 1940s and 50s and renamed Lewisville Lake. It was built for flood control purposes and to serve as a water source for Dallas and its suburbs but residents also use it for recreational purposes.
 The Big Maria Mountains are located in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of California near the Colorado River and Arizona. The range lies between Blythe and Vidal and west of U.S. Route 95 in California and east of Midland. The mountains are home to the Eagle Nest Mine and reach an elevation of 1030 meters (3379 ft). A power line that runs from Parker Dam to Yuma Arizona runs through the range. A smaller range the Little Maria Mountains lie to the west of the Big Marias.
 The West Branch Little Black River (French: Ruisseau à l'Eau Claire) is a short river in Quebec and northern Maine. The river starts at the confluence (47°20′25″N 69°26′30″W) of the Branche Oueste [west branch] du Ruisseau à l'Eau Claire and the Petit Ruisseau à l'Eau Claire in Témiscouata RCM Quebec. The river runs east and southeast roughly along the border between Témiscouata and Kamouraska RCM to the Canada – United States border in Maine Township 19 Range 12 WELS.
 The Sail River is a stream on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington. It originates in the northern Olympic Mountains and flows north emptying into the Strait of Juan de Fuca.
 Big Sucker Creek is an 18.2-mile-long (29.3 km) river in St. Louis County Minnesota United States. It flows into Lake Superior.
 The Hochschwab (or Hochschwabgruppe) is a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps of Austria. The range is in Steiermark. The highest peak is also called Hochschwab and is 2277 metres above the Adriatic.
 Lake Mogilnoye (Russian: Озеро Могильное) is a small salt/fresh-water lake on the Kildin Island Murmansk Oblast Russia near Kildin Strait. The name refers to the destruction and plundering being done by British troops to the area during the Finnish War in 1809.
 The Rașcu River is a tributary of the Râmna River in the country of Romania.
 The Helsenhorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking Binn in the Swiss canton of Valais. With a height of 3272 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the Binntal. The border with Italy runs approximately 200 metres south-east of the summit and culminates at 3247 metres.
 Ellenvatn or Ellenvatnet (Finnish: Kertusjärvi; Kven: Ellijärvi) is a transborder lake located on the Norway-Finland border. The 12.36-square-kilometre (4.77 sq mi)lake lies mostly in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway with only 0.1 square kilometres (25 acres; 10 ha) located across the border in Inari Municipality in Lapland Finland. The Norwegian part of the lake is located within Øvre Pasvik National Park just northwest of the lake Ødevatnet.
 Jellyfish Lake (Palauan: Ongeim'l Tketau Fifth Lake) is a marine lake located on Eil Malk island in Palau. Eil Malk is part of the Rock Islands a group of small rocky mostly uninhabited islands in Palau's Southern Lagoon between Koror and Peleliu. There are about 70 other marine lakes located throughout the Rock Islands.
 Taylor Mountain is a summit at the northern extreme of the Sonoma Mountains in California. The mountain lies in the Laguna de Santa Rosa drainage basin; its east flank drains to Matanzas Creek a northwestward flowing stream running the length of Bennett Valley and its west flank drains to Five Creek.
 Lake Bisina is a freshwater lake in eastern Uganda. It is also known as Lake Salisbury. It is connected upstream via a wetland to Lake Opeta and drains into Lake Kyoga.
 Fawn Pond is a 33-acre (130000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts. The pond is located south of Halfway Pond northwest of Deer Pond north of White Island Pond northeast of Five Mile Pond and east of Fearing Pond and Abner Pond outside of the eastern boundary of Myles Standish State Forest. The outflow is a stream that flows into the Agawam River.
 The Cajupiranga River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Miriri River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 Ähtärinjärvi is a lake in Finland. It is situated in the municipalities of Ähtäri Alajärvi (formerly Lehtimäki) and Soini in the Southern Ostrobothnia region in western Finland. The lake is part of the Kokemäenjoki basin and drains through a chain of lakes that includes among others the lakes Toisvesi and Tarjanne in the Pirkanmaa region where the lake Tarjanne in its turn drains into the Lake Ruovesi.
 The Tschingelhörner (also spelled Tschingelhoren) are a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Glarus and Graubünden. They are composed of several summits on a 1 km long ridge of which the highest is named Grosses Tschingelhorn (2849 m). The mountain is located between Elm and Flims west of the Segnas Pass (2627 m).
 The Cachorro River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Little Fox River is an 11.2-mile-long (18.0 km) tributary of the Fox River on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States.
 Napartok Bay is a long narrow inlet or bay in Labrador at 57.984808°N 62.306213°W﻿ / 57.984808; -62.306213. From its head to the sea it is about 15 miles (24 km) long.
 Ushkovsky (Russian: Ушковский formerly known as Plosky) is a large volcanic massif located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It is located at the northwestern end of the Klyuchevskaya Sopka volcano group. These volcanoes are also set in a chain linked formation. The highest peak of this massif is Krestovsky (4108 m). Krestovsky is a stratovolcano Ushkovsky is a shield volcano.
 Parâng Mountains (Romanian pronunciation: [paˈrɨŋɡ]) are one of the highest mountain ridges in Romania and Southern Carpathians with its highest peak Parângu Mare reaching 2519 m.
 The Hubbard River 4.6 miles (7.4 km) long is part of the Farmington River watershed. It is a main feature of Granville State Forest where it drops 450 feet (140 m) in 2.5 miles (4.0 km). It is named for Samuel Hubbard the English colonist who first came to the area in 1749. The river heads in Tolland Massachusetts at the junction of Babcock Brook and Hall Pond Brook then flows southeast across Granville Massachusetts to Barkhamsted Reservoir in the town of Hartland Connecticut.
 French Creek (also known as the Venango River) is a tributary of the Allegheny River in northwestern Pennsylvania and western New York in the United States.
 Lake Ngakapua is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Noroieni River is a tributary of the Egherul Mare River in Romania.
 Mount Albert Edward is a 3990-metre (13091 ft) high mountain in the Wharton Range in Central Province Papua New Guinea. The mountain consists of two peaks about 400 metres apart a cross marks the top of the slightly higher western peak and a trig station marks the eastern peak. The mountain lies approximately 140 km north of Port Moresby.The first recorded ascent was in 1906 by C A W Monckton.
 Larch Mountain elevation 3480 feet (1060 m) is the highest free-standing peak in Clark County Washington. (The andesite plugs Pyramid Rock and Sturgeon Rock are higher but are outcroppings on ridges of Silver Star Mountain.) It is laced by a network of gravel roads as part of the Yacolt Burn State Forest. The eastern flank of the mountain was scorched by a gigantic forest fire in September 1902 and subsequently experienced a massive rockslide that rendered that side mostly unvegetated.
 Mount Uluigalau is the highest mountain on the island of Taveuni in Fiji. It is 1241 meters or 4072 feet high and also the second highest mountain in the Fiji group.
 Swift Reservoir is a reservoir on the Lewis River in the U.S. state of Washington. It is located in Skamania County. It was created in 1958 with the construction of Swift Dam.
 Schönach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Cumberland Narrows (or simply The Narrows) is a water gap in western Maryland in the United States just west of Cumberland Maryland. Wills Creek cuts through the central ridge of the Wills Mountain Anticline at a low elevation here between Wills Mountain to the north and Haystack Mountain to the south. Cliffs and talus of the two mountains' Tuscarora quartzite caprock are prominent within the Narrows.
 Huygens is an impact crater on Mars named in honour of the Dutch astronomer mathematician and physicist Christiaan Huygens.The crater is approximately 456 km in diameter and can be found at 304.4°W 14.0°S.It is located in the Iapygia quadrangle.Scientists were delighted to see branched channels in pictures taken with spacecraft that were sent in orbit around Mars. The existence of these channels is strong evidence that much water once flowed on the surface of the planet.
 Citarum (Sundanese: Walungan Citarum) is the longest and largest river in West Java Indonesia. It is also the third longest river in Java after Bengawan Solo and Brantas. It has an important role in the life of the people of West Java as it supports agriculture water supply fishery industry sewerage electricity etc.
 Weilandsiepen is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Românești River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 The Gaula River is a river in India. It is approximately 500 km (310 mi) long.
 Boston Peak is a tall peak in the North Cascades in the U.S. state of Washington and within North Cascades National Park. At 8894 feet (2711 m) in elevation it is the 26th highest peak in Washington. Its nearest higher neighbor is Buckner Mountain 1.66 miles (2.67 km) to the east.
 The Minișel River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
 Green Mountain elevation 8148 ft (2484 m) is a summit in the Front Range of central Colorado. The mountain notable for the Flatirons rock formations on its eastern flank is in an open space park managed by the city of Boulder.
 San Pablo Creek is an 18.7-mile-long (30.1 km) creek in Contra Costa County California United States which drains the canyon or valley between the San Pablo Ridge and the Sobrante Ridge parts of the Pacific Coast Ranges east of San Francisco Bay.The creek runs from the southeast to the northwest originating near Orinda and flowing into San Pablo Bay. It drains one of the largest watersheds in the East Bay comprising some 41 square miles (110 km2). The creek has 34 named tributaries.
 Green Lake is the largest and most northerly lake in the Resort Municipality of Whistler British Columbia Canada. It is the source of the Green River a tributary of the Lillooet River and is fed by the River of Golden Dreams which issues from Alta Lake which is at the height of land dividing the Green River drainage from that of the Cheakamus River to the south which is a tributary of the Squamish River.
 The Săratul River is a tributary of the Gădălin River in Romania.
 Cranberry Lake is a lake on the east branch of the Oswegatchie River in the Adirondack Park in New York in the United States. It is the third largest lake in the Adirondack Park (after Lake George and the Great Sacandaga Lake. About 75 percent of the shoreline is owned by State of New York; the 118000-acre (480 km2) Five Ponds Wilderness Area abuts its south shore and the Cranberry Lake Wild Forest covers much of its remaining shoreline.
 The Blyth Navigation was a canal in Suffolk England running 7 miles (11 km) from Halesworth to the North Sea at Southwold. It opened in 1761 and was insolvent by 1884. Its demise was accelerated by an attempt to reclaim saltings at Blythburgh which resulted in the estuary silting up. It was used sporadically until 1911 and was not formally abandoned until 1934.
 Nahsukin Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Nahsukin Lake is southeast of Nahsukin Mountain.
 The Kharkai River is a river in eastern India. It is one of the major tributaries of the Subarnarekha River. It flows through Adityapur region of JamshedpurIt arises in Mayurbhanj district Odisha on the north slopes of Darbarmela Parbat and the western slopes of Tungru Pahar of the Simlipal Massif. It flows past Rairangpur and heads north to about Saraikela and then east entering the Subarnarekha in northwestern Jamshedpur.
 The Secu River is a tributary of the Popeni River in Romania.
 Rush Creek is a stream in eastern Marin County California United States. It originates on the north edge of Novato California and flows 1.5 miles (2.4 km) northeasterly through wetlands into Black John Slough and then the Petaluma River. The name is associated with Peter Rush who bought land near Novato in 1862.
 Rama Lake is a lake near Astore in Gilgit-Baltistan Pakistan. It is on the top of the beautiful Astore Valley with a light cover of oak trees and other greenery. There is not much greenery (as of 2013) due to illegal loging of the forest by locals and timber mafia. The region has low average rainfall and low vegetation cover hence the loss of forest cover is of a very serious concern.
 Kriváň (About this sound pronunciation ) is a mountain in the High Tatras Slovakia that dominates the upper part of the former Liptov County. Multiple surveys among nature lovers have ranked it as the country's most beautiful peak. Readily accessible along maintained marked trails and with the exceptional vistas afforded from its summit it is the hikers' favorite mountain in the western part of the High Tatras.
 The Kaiwhata River is a river of the southern North Island of New Zealand. It rises in rough hill country to the southeast of Masterton flowing southeast to reach the Pacific Ocean 12 kilometres south of Riversdale Beach.
 Mount Jakuchi (寂地山 Jakuchi-san) is a mountain located on the border of Iwakuni Yamaguchi Prefecture and Yoshika Shimane Prefecture Japan. It is the highest mountain in Yamaguchi Prefecture[citation needed].
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 Pizzo Castello is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located in the canton of Ticino Switzerland. It is situated in the upper Valle Maggia between the Val Bavona (west) and Valle di Peccia (east).
 The Portage River is a 15.5-mile-long (24.9 km) river in the U.S. state of Michigan flowing mostly southwesterly through northeast Jackson County. The Portage River rises at approximately 42°22′26″N 84°10′48″W in the Portage Lake Swamp in the Waterloo State Recreation Area. The river flows mostly southwest into the Grand River at 42°18′54″N 84°23′42″W in Blackman Charter Township just north of the city of Jackson.
 The Beatton River is a tributary of the Peace River flowing generally east then south through north-eastern British Columbia Canada. The river rises at Pink Mountain about 10 km west of the Alaska Highway hamlet of the same name and flows 240 km generally east then south draining into the Peace River just downstream of Fort St. John. The river meanders mostly through the boreal forest and muskeg of the Peace Plain.
 Raimond is a lunar impact crater that lies on the Moon's far side. Less than one crater diameter to the northeast is Bredikhin and farther to the west is McMath. To the north-northwest lies the prominent crater Jackson which is surrounded by a large ray system.
 The Valea Cetății River is a tributary of the Sibiel River in Romania.
 Dianshan Lake (simplified Chinese: 淀山湖; traditional Chinese: 澱山湖; pinyin: Diànshān Hú) is a freshwater lake west of Zhujiajiao Qingpu in the Shanghai municipality of China. It is upstream of the Huangpu River.
 Kanzelbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Fagu River is a tributary of the Crăiasa River in Romania.
 Mazama Glacier is located on Mount Baker in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington. Between 1850 and 1950 Mazama Glacier retreated 7700 ft (2300 m). During a cooler and wetter period from 1950 to 1979 the glacier advanced 1476 ft (450 m) but between 1980 and 2006 retreated back 1509 ft (460 m). Situated on the north slopes of Mount Baker Mazama Glacier is bordered by the Park Glacier to the south and Rainbow Glacier to the east.
 The Valea Mică River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 The Picoiquén is a river of Chile.
 The río Ixcán is a river in Guatemala. The river flows northwards from its sources in the Cuchumatanes mountains in Huehuetenango marks the border with El Quiché for a number of kilometers and crosses the border with Mexico at 16.074929°N 91.107817°W﻿ / 16.074929; -91.107817﻿ (Río Ixcán) where it flows into the Lacantún River a tributary of the Usumacinta river. The Ixcán river basin covers an area of 2085 km³ in Guatemala.The river has several different names.
 Remlingrader Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Pembroke Street South Pond is a 16-acre (65000 m2) pond in Kingston Massachusetts. The pond is located on Route 27 northwest of the intersection with Winter Street and Reed Street south of Reeds Millpond. Pine Brook a tributary of the Jones River flows through the pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish in the pond.
 Sugarloaf Mountain is the highest point in peninsular Florida at 312 feet (95 meters) above sea level. It is in Lake County near the town of Clermont. This compares to 345 feet (105 meters) above sea level for the highest point in the entire state Britton Hill located in the Florida Panhandle.
 The Anllóns is a Galician river whose source lies in the Xalo Mountains at a height of 400 m. and flows into the Atlantic via the Ria of Corme and Laxe.Its length is 54.4 km crossing the municipalities of Cabana de Bergantiños Carballo Cerceda Coristanco and Ponteceso. Its average flow is 9.931 m³.It was declared a Site of Community Importance in the year 2001. It is fed by brooks like the Graña Quenxe Acheiro Abaixo Queo or Bertón during its high course.
 Parseierspitze is at 3036 m (9961 ft) tall the highest mountain of the Northern Limestone Alps and the only Three-thousander of the range. The peak consists of radiolarite rocks preventing it from erosion.
 At 178 metres Chaldon Hill also called Chaldon Down is one of the highest hills on South Dorset's Jurassic Coast in England.
 The Coulomp is a mountain river that flows through the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department of southeastern France. Its source is near the village Aurent part of the commune Castellet-lès-Sausses. It flows into the Var in Saint-Benoît.
 The Piauitinga River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Laurel Mountain is a peak in Mono County California. It lies in the Sherwin Range of the Sierra Nevada and is in the John Muir Wilderness. It reaches a height of 11818 feet (3602 m) and is largely composed of metamorphic rock caused by contact with an intruding pluton in the late Cretaceous.
 The Chetco River is a 56-mile-long (90 km) stream located in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Oregon. It drains approximately 352 square miles (912 km2) of Curry County. Flowing through a rugged and isolated coastal region it descends rapidly from about 3200 feet (975 m) to sea level at the Pacific Ocean. Except for the lowermost 5 miles (8 km) the river is located entirely within the Rogue River – Siskiyou National Forest.
 Nautsiyoki River (Russian: Наутсийоки) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 25 kilometers (16 mi) in length. The river originates in the Lake Ala-Nautsiyarvi and flows into the Paatsjoki River. Its biggest tributary is the Kokhisevanjoki River.
 The Herrensee is a small lake on the northwestern edge of the old town (Altstadt) of Waren (Müritz) in the district of Mecklenburgische Seenplatte in the German state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.The originally almost-circular lake was slightly enlarged on its southern shore during the construction of the Information and Nature Experience Centre of Müritzeum. It has an approximate area of 1.5 hectares and a diameter of 130 metres.
 The Valkyr Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia Canada located on the east side of Lower Arrow Lake west of Nelson.
 The Ninilchik River is a 21-mile-long (34 km) stream on the Kenai Peninsula of the U.S. state of Alaska. From headwaters near the west coast of the peninsula the river flows south parallel to the coast then turns sharply west near Ninilchik. Ninilchik Road runs parallel to the lower river along its left bank to near the road's intersection with the Sterling Highway.
 Schützbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Pizzo di Rodes is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 2829 metres above sea level.
 Boatswain Bay is an uninhabited waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut Canada. It extends eastward from James Bay into the headland a part of Quebec.
 Gyrfalcon Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Gyrfalcon Lake is east of Two Ocean Glacier.
 Bach an der Kniewiese is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Laquette is a river of northern France right tributary of the Lys. It flows into the Lys in Aire-sur-la-Lys.
 Rosbach (Nidda) is a river in Hesse Germany with a length of 9 kilometres (5.6 mi). The river is a right tributary of the Nidda which itself is a right tributary of the Main river in Hesse. The river Rosbach gives the town Rosbach vor der Höhe its name.
 The Hudson River is a 315-mile (507 km) watercourse that flows from north to south primarily through eastern New York State in the United States. The river originates at Henderson Lake in Newcomb New York in the Adirondack Park flowing southward past the state capital at Albany and eventually forming the boundary between New York City and the U.S. state of New Jersey at its mouth before emptying into Upper New York Bay.
 Keleghai River originates at Baminigram near Dudhkundi under Sankrail police station in Jhargram subdivision of Paschim Medinipur district in the Indian state of West Bengal.. It flows past Keshiari Narayangarh Sabang and Patashpur to join the Kasai at Tangrakhali under Mahisadal police station of Purba Medinipur district. The combined stream is called Haldi. It is 121 kilometres (75 mi) long. The steep slope of the river in Guptamani and Sankrail causes floods.
 The Temascaltepec River is a river of Mexico.
 New Zealand's Dane River is a tributary of the Awatere River. It flows north for seven kilometres reaching its confluence to the northeast of Molesworth Station.
 The Staufenberg is a mountain in the Reinhardswald in Kassel Hesse Germany.
 The Valea Îngustă River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The Humboldt Range is a largely north-south running range of mountains in northwest Nevada USA that extend from the town of Imlay in the north to the junction with the West Humboldt Range in the south. It is bordered continuously by Interstate 80 and the Humboldt River largely expanded in the form of the Rye Patch Reservoir in this area on the west side and by a long and fairly broad Buena Vista Valley to the east in a typical basin-and-range pattern.
 The Aiguille Croche (2487 metres (8159 ft)) is a mountain in the Beaufortain Massif in Savoie and Haute-Savoie France. In 2009 Matthias Giraud was the first person to descent and ski BASE jump off its cliff face.
 Anka Wachana (Quechua anka black-chested buzzard-eagle or eagle wacha birth to give birth -na a suffix where the black-chested buzzard-eagle is born or where the eagle is born hispanicized spelling Ancahuachana) or Mama Rosa is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru more than 4880 metres (16010 ft) high. It is situated in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province in the districts Camanti and Marcapata.
 Sloan's Lake is a body of water park and neighborhood in Denver Colorado US. The neighborhood is located on the northwest side of Denver. The lake is the central feature of Sloan's Lake Park which is managed by the Parks and Recreation division of the City and County of Denver.
 Back Allegheny Mountain is a long mountain ridge in eastern West Virginia. It is part of the Shavers Fork Mountain Complex in the Allegheny Range of the Appalachians.
 Sidcot Swallet is a cave near Burrington Combe in the Carboniferous Limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England.It was named after the Sidcot School Speleological Society who explored it in 1925.A swallet also known as a sinkhole sink shakehole swallow hole or doline is a natural depression or hole in the surface topography caused by the removal of soil or bedrock often both by water flowing beneath.After Goatchurch Cavern Sidcot Swallet is probably the most popular cave on Mendip for novice parties. 
 South Fork West Mancos River is a tributary of the West Mancos River in Montezuma County Colorado. The river flows from a source in the Owen Basin of the San Juan National Forest to a confluence with the North Fork that forms the West Mancos River.
 The Vâlcelul Vârful cu Dor River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
 Jacobs Creek is a 33.4-mile-long (53.8 km) tributary of the Youghiogheny River beginning in Acme Pennsylvania and draining at its mouth in the town of Jacobs Creek into the Youghiogheny River. Jacobs Creek is the southwestern border of Westmoreland County and the northwestern border of Fayette County.
 Hiawatha Lake is a man-made lake originally created for use of swimming.It is located in Syracuse New York in Onondaga Park on the city's South Side along Roberts Avenue. Swimming was stopped because a series of accidental drownings in the 1970s. One side was filled back in and a modern swimming facility known as Onondaga Pool was built. It is still used for its picturesque quality and large gazebo. It often serves as a backdrop for prom and wedding photos.
 Monte Cristo Peak is a mountain peak in the Henry M. Jackson Wilderness in Washington state. Together with Columbia Peak and Kyes Peak it forms a basin that contains Columbia Glacier and Blanca Lake. The 1918 edition of The Mountaineer called the mountain a huge pile of red rock.Monte Cristo is named for the mining boom town of Monte Cristo which dates from the late 19th and early 20th centuries and which is situated on the mountain's northwestern flank. The town was owned by J. D.
 The Ahaura River is in the South Island of New Zealand. This river drains the western flanks of the Southern Alps and flows into the Grey River.
 Bibert is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Kelai River is a river of Borneo Indonesia. It is a tributary of the Berau River.
 Vriendschaps River is a river in the southern part of West Papua Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Pulau River.
 Jengish Chokusu (Kyrgyz: Жеңиш чокусу [dʒeŋiʃ tʃoqusú]; Russian: Пик победы [pʲik pˠaˈbʲɛdˠɨ]) is the highest mountain in the Tian Shan mountain system at 7439 metres (24406 ft). It lies on the Kyrgyzstan–China border in the Kakshaal Too the highest part of the Tien Shan southeast of lake Issyk Kul.
 Mount Blaurock is a mountain located in the Sawatch Range in Chaffee County Colorado within the San Isabel National Forest. It was named after Carl Blaurock a co-founder of the Colorado Mountain Club.
 The Elbow River is a river located in southern Alberta Canada. It flows from the Canadian Rockies to the city of Calgary where it merges into the Bow River.The Elbow River is popular among canoers rafters campers and hikers and runs through several features including Allen Bill Pond Forgetmenot Pond and Elbow Falls.
 The South Nation River is a river in Eastern Ontario Canada. It springs from forests and marshes located north of Brockville and it flows 175 kilometres (109 mi) northeast to empty into the Ottawa River north of Plantagenet. Its watershed covers 3900 square kilometres (1500 sq mi).This river is called the South Nation River to distinguish it from a river in Quebec north of the Ottawa River called the Petite-Nation River or rivière Petite-Nation.
 Bonestell Crater is a crater in the Mare Acidalium quadrangle of Mars located at 42.37° North and 30.57° West. It is 42.4 km in diameter and was named after Chesley Bonestell a famous American space artist (1888-1986) whose drawings inspired many young people to study sciences.
 Linnepe (Röhr) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Seehore (also spelled Seehorn) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located east of Zweisimmen in the Bernese Oberland. It lies on the range between the Simmental and the Diemtigtal north of the Spillgerte.
 The Melezza in Italy the Melezzo Orientale is a 42 km Alpine torrent which runs through the eastern part of the Val Vigezzo in the Province of Verbano Cusio Ossola northern Italy; and through the Centovalli of Canton Ticino Switzerland. Belonging to the Po basin it is a tributary of the Maggia which in its turn flows into Lago Maggiore.The springs are on the eastern slopes of Pioda di Crana.
 The Vermelho River (Manuel Alves Grande River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Brebina River is a tributary of the Bulba River in Romania.
 Tasik Chenderoh or Chenderoh Lake is a natural lake in Perak Malaysia. The lake is located near the royal town of Kuala Kangsar and archaeological site of Lenggong.
 Mount Goddard is a mountain of California's Sierra Nevada in the north section of Kings Canyon National Park. Goddard forms the southwest boundary of the Evolution Basin.The peak is named for civil engineer George Henry Goddard who surveyed the Sierra Nevada during the 1850s.
 The Oboarele Mari River is a tributary of the Năvrap River in Romania.
 The Hunte is a 189 km long river in north-western Germany (Lower Saxony) left tributary of the Weser. It rises in the Wiehengebirge hills. In the Northern German Plain it flows through lake Dümmer. It flows generally northwards through the towns Bad Essen Diepholz Wildeshausen and Oldenburg. It flows into the Weser in Elsfleth. The part between Oldenburg and the Weser is navigable for coastal cargo ships.
 Stroud Glacier is west of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The glacier is located in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest and is among the largest grouping of glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains. The glacier is situated in a north facing cirque below the summit of Bow Mountain.
 Rahle Godle is a well area situated in the mountainous Ali Sabieh Region in southern Djibouti. With an average elevation of 764 metres (2507 ft) above sea level the mountains are located near the border with Ethiopia. Rahle Godle lies approximately 5 kilometres (3 mi) west of Assamo 13 kilometres (8 mi) from Guisti by road.
 The Arakan Mountains (Arakan Range Rakhine Range Rakhine Yoma  Arakan Yoma Rakhine Roma Arakan Roma; Burmese: ရခိုင်ရိုးမ) is a mountain range in western Burma (Myanmar) between the coast of Rakhine State and the Central Burma Basin in which flows the Irrawaddy River. It is the most prominent of a series of parallel ridges that arc through Assam Nagaland Mizoram and Burma. The Arakan Mountains run from Cape Negrais in the south in to the Manipur State of India in the north.
 The Cosia is a 16 km Italian torrent whose springs are on the slopes of Monte Bolletone (1317 metres) in Brianza. After a course of some 16 km which takes it through the communes of Albese con Cassano Tavernerio and Como it enters Lake Como near the war memorial executed by Giuseppe Terragni to a design by Antonio Sant'Elia.
 Cay is a stratovolcano in the South Volcanic Zone of the Andes in Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region Chile. The volcano is located 15 km northeast of the larger Maca Volcano and about 230 km of the Chile Trench at the intersection of NW-SE and NE-SW faults of the Liquiñe-Ofqui Fault Zone.
 Lake Carpa is a lake in Peru located northeast of Arahuay in Huanza District Huarochiri Province Lima Region.
 The Electric River is a river of Fiordland New Zealand. It arises around Lake Jaquiery in the Kaherekoau Mountains and flows eastward into Lake Monowai at June Bay.
 The Coșarnița River is a tributary of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 Ropes Creek a watercourse that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in Greater Western Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 The Saldaña River is a river of Colombia. It drains into the Caribbean Sea via the Magdalena River.
 The Pârâul Adânc is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Laaxersee or Lag Grond is a lake in the village of Laax Grisons Switzerland. Its surface area is 5 ha and maximum depth 5.5 m. Fishing season is from May 1 to September 15. In winter the lake is generally frozen.
 Daeseongsan (Gangwon-do) is a mountain of South Korea. It has an altitude of 1175 metres
 Second Briar Lake is a lake of Clare municipality in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Shawsheen River is a 26.7-mile-long (43.0 km) tributary of the Merrimack River in northeast Massachusetts. The name has had various spellings. According to Bailey's history of Andover the spelling Shawshin was the most common in the old records although Shawshine Shashin Shashine Shashene Shawshene and later Shawsheen are found.
 The Mare River is a river in the Hérault département of Southern France which rises in the Caroux-Espinouse hills.The river's source is above Castanet-le-Haut in the Parc naturel régional du Haut-Languedoc. The river passes through Saint-Gervais-sur-Mare and Villemagne-l'Argentière before joining the Orb River at Hérépian.
 Obernau (Sieg) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Lötschental Breithorn or simply Breithorn (German: Lötschentaler Breithorn) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located east of Blatten in the canton of Valais. It lies between the Bietschhorn and the Schinhorn on the range separating the Lötschental valley (north) from the main Rhone valley (south).
 The Croix de Culet is a mountain of the Chablais Alps overlooking Champéry in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Les Crosets and Planachaux.The summit can by reached by cable car from Champéry. In winter the mountain is part of the ski area Portes du Soleil.
 The Gufa Volcano is a volcanic field located in the Southern Red Sea Region of Eritrea near the border with Djibouti. The peak elevation is 600 m where lava flows are visible. The last eruption of the volcano was inferred to be during the Holocene era.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Bratia River in Romania.
 Graham Creek is a 2.9-mile-long (4.7 km) perennial stream in Sonoma County California tributary to Sonoma Creek. Graham Creek rises in the northern Sonoma Mountains and flows generally northeasterly down the northeastern flank of Sonoma Mountain. Historically this watercourse was called Wild Water Creek a name used in the time of author Jack London some of whose work was inspired by the stream.
 Makkvatnet is a lake that lies on the border of the municipalities of Steigen and Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. The 3.02-square-kilometre (1.17 sq mi) lake lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) west of the European route E06 highway in Hamarøy.
 The Dumni River is a tributary of the Feldrișel River in Romania.
 Firsov is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located to due south of the crater Lobachevskiy and to the northwest of Abul Wáfa. The circular rim of this crater has a small outward bulge along the southern edge and smaller bulges along the western side. The inner walls have slumped to form talus piles along the base. The low-albedo interior floor is nearly level and featureless.
 The Dobra River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 The Koss River (Arabic هواشناسی: Khor Koss) is a river that flows in a north of northwest direction through the Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan fed by streams from the Imatong Mountains to the west.The Koss river rises near Ikotos. The head-waters of the river form a waterfall near Laborokala.
 The River Colne /ˈkoʊln/ is a river in West Yorkshire formed by a confluence at the foot of the Pennines close to the village of Marsden.
 The Turija is a river in Volyn Oblast Ukraine approximately 184 km (114 mi) long. It is a right tributary of the Pripyat River.
 Udren Zom is a mountain in the Hindu Kush mountain range in Pakistan. Its summit has an elevation of 7140 metres (23425 ft) and a topographic prominence of 1620 metres (5315 ft). It is one of the highest peaks in the world located outside of the Himalaya and Karakoram ranges. Udren Zom is located in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.
 Oberoderwitzer Spitzberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Little Mountain is a monadnock that is the highest point in the Midlands region of South Carolina. It has an elevation of 813 feet (247 m) above mean sea level and is located in southeastern Newberry County about 25 miles from Columbia.
 The Voinești River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania. Lake Cucuteni is located on the Voinești River.
 Cholatse (also known as Jobo Lhaptshan) is a mountain in the Khumbu region of the Nepalese Himalaya. Cholatse is connected to Taboche (6501m) by a long ridge. The Chola glacier descends off the east face.
 Kugelhorn is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Shilabati River (also known as Silai) originates in the terrain of the Chhota Nagpur Plateau in the Purulia district of the state of West Bengal in eastern India. It flows in an almost southeasterly direction through the districts of Bankura and West Midnapore. The Shilabati joins the Dwarakeswar near Ghatal and afterwards is known as Rupnarayan.
 Lotterberg is a 305 m (1001 ft) (NHN) high mountain between the villages of Wolfershausen and Deute in Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 Grønhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Pointe Walker (4208 m) is a peak of Grandes Jorasses a collection of peaks joined by a long ridge and part of the Mont Blanc massif in the Franco-Italian Alps.It is named after Horace Walker president of the British Alpine Club who made the first ascent.
 The Ogun River is a waterway in Nigeria that discharges into the Lagos Lagoon.
 Little Beaver Lakes is a lake of Inverness County in north-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 Geisbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Căldările River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Itaquiraí River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Weißseespitze is a mountain in the Weisskamm group of the Ötztal Alps. It has an elevation of 3526 m above sea level.
 Green Lake is a lake in the South Cariboo region of British Columbia Canada located east of 70 Mile House. The lake is a popular recreational residential area frequented by owners from the Lower Mainland. Several locations around the lake are part of Green Lake Provincial Park.
 Le Génépi (2884 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Mont Blanc massif located west of Champex in the canton of Valais. It is the culminating point of the group lying north of the Fenêtre d'Arpette.
 Lago d'Ampola is a lake at Tiarno di Sopra in Trentino Italy. At an elevation of 730 m its surface area is 0.5 km².
 Zemra Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Zemrës) is a mountain lake in Kosovo located 400 m (1312 ft) from the Albanian border. The lake is found in the Prokletije near the 2539 m (8330 ft) high peak of Gusan. Zemra Lake resembles Đeravica Lake in shape. It has a maximum length of 150 m (492 ft) and a maximum width of 120 m (394 ft). Many smaller lakes are found around this lake.
 Wonhyosan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 922 metres.
 The River Tame is the main river of the West Midlands and the most important tributary of the River Trent. The Tame is about 95 km from the source at Oldbury to its confluence with the Trent near Alrewas but the main river length of the entire catchment i.e. the Tame and its main tributaries is about 285 km.
 The Măcicaș River or Rugiu River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Merzbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Rivière de l' Anse Céron is a river of Martinique.
 Timbarra River a mostly perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 Nyegyi Kansang is a mountain in the Eastern Himalayas. It is located on the border of Tibet China and the Arunachal Pradesh state of India. This area of Arunachal is also claimed by China as part of southern Tibet. Nyegyi Kansang has an elevation of 7047 metres (23120 ft).
 Lake Pyaozero (Russian: Пяозеро Finnish: Pääjärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia northwestern part of Russia. It is located at 66.0833333°N 30.9666667°E﻿ / 66.0833333; 30.9666667 and has an area of 659 km². There are many islands on the lake with total area of 186 km². Among the rivers that flow into lake Pyaozero is the river Oulankajoki that begins in Finland where one of its tributaries is the river Kitkanjoki that begins from lake Kitkajärvi in Finland.
 The Groot Letaba River headwater streams originate in the Drakensberg Escarpment descending in long runs with an occasional riffle or pool mostly in the Limpopo province of South Africa. At the higher level the Broederstroom River Politsi River Debengeni River Letsitele River and Thabina River join the Groot Letaba. Lower down the Molototsi River (a seasonal stream) and Nsama River join before the Nsami Dam.
 Guhaksan is a mountain on the boundary between the provinces of Gangwon-do and Chungcheongbuk-do in South Korea. Its area extends across the cities of Wonju and Jecheon. Guhaksan has an elevation of 971 m (3186 ft).
 High Rigg is a small fell located in the English Lake District approximately three miles southeast of the town of Keswick. It occupies an unusual position surrounded on all sides by higher fells but not connected by any obvious ridge. This separation from its fellows ensures that it is a Marilyn.
 Sangbongsan is a mountain in Incheon South Korea. It sits on the island of Seongmodo in the county of Ganghwa. Sangbongsan has an elevation of 316 m (1037 ft).
 The Valea Babei River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Rău is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 The Sodomeni River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Kaiapoi River is a minor river of north Canterbury in New Zealand's South Island. Originally called the Cam River it is a tributary of the Waimakariri River which it joins at the larger river's estuary.The town of Kaiapoi is situated on the banks of the river.The Kaiapoi River has several tributaries including the Cam River used for carting logs and wool in the 1890s and 1900s. There are also several streams that join the Kaiapoi River.
 Gerasimovich is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies beyond the western limb to the west-northwest of the immense Mare Orientale impact basin. The outer blanket of ejecta from this impact reaches nearly to the rim of Gerasimovich. Nearby craters of note include Houzeau to the north and the smaller Ellerman to the southeast.The outer rim of this crater is worn and eroded with a perimeter that has been modified and reshaped by nearby impacts.
 Liang K'ai is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 140 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Liang K'ai is named for the Chinese artist Liang Kai who lived from 1140 to 1210.
 Irvine Lake is a reservoir in Orange County California United States. The lake is on Santiago Creek located in Silverado California east of the city of Irvine and close to Irvine Regional Park. The lake is formed by the Santiago Dam at the lake's north end which was built between 1929 and 1931 and the lake was originally called the Santiago Reservoir.
 The Faial-Pico Channel (Portuguese: Canal Faial-Pico) is an 8.3 kilometres (5.2 mi) long channel that separates the islands of Faial and Pico in the central group of the archipelago of the Azores. The strait is divided into various depressions calderas and micro-systems referred to as Baixas.
 The Șopot River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Mount Azuma-kofuji (吾妻小富士) is an active stratovolcano in Fukushima prefecture Japan.It has a conical-shaped crater and as the name Kofuji (small Mount Fuji) suggests the shape of Mount Azuma is like that of Mount Fuji. Mount Azuma's appealing symmetrical crater and the nearby fumarolic area with its many onsen have made it a popular tourist destination.
 Corno Zuccone is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Pierce Lake is a remote lake of Ontario Canada. It is in the northwest of the province near the Ontario-Manitoba border in Kenora District. There are no roads leading to Pierce Lake and it is a favourite for remote freshwater fishermen who access it by float plane.
 Vilzsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 58.5 m its surface area is 2.2 km².
 The Valea Trestiei River is a tributary of the Mireş in Romania.
 Lake Wood is a lake located in the province of Zamboanga del Sur in Mindanao island southern Philippines.
 The Aveyron is a 30 km (19 mi) long river in France right tributary of the Loing. Its course crosses the following départements and communes:Yonne: ChampcevraisLoiret: Le Charme Saint-Maurice-sur-Aveyron La Chapelle-sur-Aveyron MontbouyThe Aveyron flows into the river Loing at Montbouy.Its discharge at La Chapelle-sur-Aveyron is 0.494 m3/s.
 The Little River a tributary of the New River is approximately 65 miles long in southwest Virginia in the United States. It rises in two forks in Floyd County near the Blue Ridge Parkway.
 The Valea La Stână River is a tributary of the Cârligate River in Romania
 Sierra Grande is an extinct shield volcano in northeastern New Mexico that rises 2200 feet above the surrounding plain. It is part of the inactive Raton-Clayton volcanic field.
 The Grand Pic de Belledonne is the highest point in the Belledonne chain at 2977 metres (9767 ft).
 Gabarus Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Eastern Rhaetian Alps (Östliche Rätische Alpen in German Alpi Retiche orientali in Italian) are a mountain range in the central part of the Alps.
 Kajaani River (Finnish: Kajaaninjoki; Swedish: Kajana älv) is a river in the Province of Oulu and in the region of Kainuu Finland.The river runs from Lake Nuasjärvi to Lake Oulujärvi through the city of Kajaani. From there the waters flow through the Oulujoki river into the Gulf of Bothnia. The river drains a chain of lakes that originates in the municipalities of Kuhmo and Sotkamo in Kainuu (Finnish: Sotkamon reitti).
 The Nadăș River (Hungarian: Nádas) is a tributary of the Rica River in Romania.The name in Hungarian means reedy. The Romanian name derives from that.
 The Speyerbach is a left tributary of the Rhine in the Palatinate part of Rhineland-Palatinate. In Speyer the river split into Gießhübelbach and Woogbach. The Woogbach changes its name to Nonnenbach then flows into Gießhübelbach shortly before the latter flows into the Rhine.
 Koshlong Creek is a river in geographic Glamorgan Township in the municipality of Highlands East Haliburton County in Central Ontario Canada. The river is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a left tributary of the Burnt River.The creek begins at Haliburton County Road 3 and flows west into the east end of Koshlong Lake. It exits the southwest end of the lake controlled by a dam and flows west to its mouth at the Burnt River.
 The Santana River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Oxford Mountain is a mountain in Warren County New Jersey. The main peak rises to 955 feet (291 m) and is located in Oxford Washington and Mansfield Townships. Oxford Mountain is separated from County House Mountain to the northeast at Sykes Gap and forms a part of the divide between Pohatcong Creek and the Pequest River. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains.
 Freifjorden is a fjord in the municipalities of Kristiansund Tingvoll and Gjemnes in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 14-kilometre (8.7 mi) long fjord begins near the island of Tustna and flows southwest between the islands of Nordlandet and Frei on the west side and the mainland peninsula of Straumsnes and the islands of Aspøya and Bergsøya on the east side. The Kvernesfjorden lies at the west end of the Freifjorden near the Freifjord Tunnel.
 The Eider (German: Die Eider; Danish: Ejderen; Latin: Egdor or Egdore) is the longest river of the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. The river starts near Bordesholm and reaches the southwestern outskirts of Kiel on the shores of the Baltic Sea but flows to the west ending in the North Sea.
 Lake Karaka is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Pridvara River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Erebus and Terror Gulf is a gulf on the southeast side of the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula bordered on the northeast by the Joinville Island group and on the southwest by the James Ross Island group. It was named for HMS Erebus and HMS Terror the vessels used by Sir James Clark Ross in exploring these waters in 1842–43This region contains tabular icebergs.
 Creswell Crags is a limestone gorge on the border between Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire England near the villages of Creswell and Whitwell. The cliffs in the ravine contain several caves that were occupied during the last ice age between around 43000 and 10000 years ago.The caves contain occupation layers with evidence of flint tools from the Mousterian proto-Solutrean Creswellian and Maglemosian cultures.
 The Pandeiros River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Grand Lake is a freshwater lake located in Cameron Parish Louisiana.The lake is not located in the community of Grand Lake Louisiana.According to the United States Army Corps of Engineers Grand Lake is located in the extreme south-central part of the state about 12 miles south of the town of Lake Arthur Louisiana. It is a large circular lake approximately 42100 acres in size and is about 8.25 miles by 8.25 miles.
 The Crati is a river in Calabria southern Italy. It is the largest river of Calabria and the third largest river of Southern Italy after the Volturno and the Sele. In classical antiquity it was known as the Crathis (Greek: Κρᾶθις).
 Terkhiin Tsagaan Lake (Mongolian: Тэрхийн Цагаан нуур) also known as White Lake is a lake in the Khangai Mountains in central Mongolia. The Khorgo volcano is located near the eastern end of the lake and the Suman River springs from lake.In February 2011 it was a featured get away location on CNN.com.
 Wrangler Lake is a lake located in the less-traveled portion of Yellowstone National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is fairly isolated a few miles from the Wapiti Lake Trailhead.
 The Bom River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Meander Creek Reservoir is a lake located in Mahoning County and Trumbull County near Austintown Ohio. The Meander Creek Reservoir is Youngstown and one of Akron's Water sources (Akron has more than one water source in Portage and Geauga Counties). The reservoir's south end continues as a little river going southward. The reservoir is also managed by the Mahoning County Sanitary District. Hunting Boating and fishing are prohibited.
 Mount Bwahit (or Buahit Bachit Buiheat) is a peak of the Semien Mountains in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia. Its altitude is estimated at 4430 or 4437 m above sea level making it the third highest mountain in Ethiopia and the 13th or 14th highest mountain of Africa. It is located about 16 km west of the highest Ethiopian mountain Ras Dashen from which it is separated by a 1600 m deep gorge. The connecting ridge goes NNE over the Arkwasiye Pass (ca.
 Nansen Sound is an uninhabited strait in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. It lies between western Grant Land on Ellesmere Island and Axel Heiberg Island. To the east it enters Greely Fiord.
 Morne Watt (Watt Mountain) is a stratovolcano in the south of the island of Dominica. It rises to a height of 1224 m (4016 ft) and is the third highest peak in Dominica (after Morne Diablotins and Morne Trois Pitons). A major eruption from Morne Watt producing pyroclastic flows took place about 1300 years ago.
 Goldbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Arenigs is an informal term for a group of mountains in central Snowdonia in north Wales. They are not strictly defined but normally include at least the following peaks:
 Lake Ballard is an ephemeral salt lake in the Goldfields-Esperance area of Western Australia about 50 kilometres (31 mi) West of Menzies.
 Vindån is a river in Sweden.
 Mahanoy Creek is a 51.6-mile-long (83.0 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in Northumberland County and Schuylkill County in the United States. There are 35 sources of acid mine drainage in the creek's watershed. Anthracite was mined in the upper part of the Mahanoy Creek watershed in the 1800s and 1900s. Mahanoy Creek's tributaries include Schwaben Creek Zerbe Run Little Mahanoy Creek Shenandoah Creek and North Mahanoy Creek.
 Mount Monroe is a 5372-foot-high (1637 m) mountain peak southwest of Mount Washington in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains in New Hampshire United States. It is named for American President James Monroe and is the fourth highest mountain on the 4000 footers list for New Hampshire. The Appalachian Trail skirts its summit which is the next highest peak on or near the trail north of Mount Rogers in Virginia.
 Albigna Lake (German: Albignasee Italian: Lago da l'Albigna Romansh: Lägh da l'Albigna) is a reservoir in the canton of Graubünden Switzerland. It is located in the municipality of Vicosoprano at an elevation of 2163 m on the southwest side of the Bregaglia valley northeast of Pizzo Cacciabella. The lake has a surface area of 1.13 km². Its outflow the Albigna River is a left tributary of the Mera River.
 Mount Colvin is the 39th highest peak in the High Peaks Region of the Adirondack Mountains in the state of New York USA. Mount Colvin offers excellent views of a number of other Adirondack High Peaks most notably the peaks that comprise the Great Range. High Peaks that are readily visible from Colvin include Giant Rocky Peak Ridge Upper Wolfjaw Lower Wolfjaw Armstrong Sawteeth Gothics Saddleback Basin Tabletop Marcy Haystack Redfield Allen Nippletop Dial and Blake.
 Erymanthos (Greek: Ερύμανθος Latin: Erymanthus) is a river in the western part of the Peloponnese in Greece. Its source is on the southern slope of the Mount Erymanthos near the village Agrampela Achaea. It flows towards the south through a rocky landscape and receives several small tributaries. The river flows into an area rich in pine trees and passes several small mountain villages including Tripotama. Beyond Tripotama it forms the border between Elis and Arcadia.
 Kleine Laber is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Flinzbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Puyehue Lake (Spanish pronunciation: [puˈjewe]) Mapudungun: puye small fish and hue place is an Andean piedmont lake located in the border of Los Lagos Region with Los Ríos Region of Chile. Puyehue is a lake of glacial origin several times during the pleistocene glaciations the lake depression was occupied by a large glacier lobe of the Patagonian Ice Sheet forming thus a series of moraines along its western shores.
 Scaletta Pass (Romansh: Cuolm S-chaletta German: Scalettapass) (el. 2315 m) is a mountain pass in the canton of Graubünden Switzerland. It lies in the Albula Range of the Alps. The path from Dischma leads to Cinuos-chel in the Inn Valley.
 Crawford Lake is a lake in the Albany River drainage basin in Cochrane District Ontario Canada. It is about 1.56 kilometres (0.97 mi) long and .81 kilometres (0.50 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 169 metres (554 ft). The primary outflow is an unnamed creek which flows via the Cheepay River and the Albany River to James Bay.
 The Lolaia River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
 Boračko Lake (or Lake Borač) is a lake of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is partly located in the municipality of Konjic.
 Federation Peak is a prominent mountain (elevation 1224 metres) located in the Southwest National Park of Tasmania Australia. The peak 90 km from Hobart was named after the Federation of Australia and is often described as one of the hardest Bushwalking challenges in Australia.
 The Burro-Burro River is a river of Guyana.
 Ear Mountain is an isolated mountain located on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. The mountain with an elevation of 2329 feet (710 m) (GeoNames gives it elevation as 690 metres (2260 ft)) has a belt of Cretaceous tin granites. Though the mountain is located in an area long known for its tin deposits it was only in 1953 and 1954 during a survey by the US Bureau of Mines that tin deposits were confirmed to be on Ear Mountain.
 Chillinji pass (el. 17503 ft. also marked as 17360 ft.) is a high mountain pass that connects Karambar river valley (upper Gilgit valley) in Ishkoman tehsil of Ghizer district with Chapursan river valley (upper Hunza valley) in Gojal tehsil of Gilgit district in the Northern Areas in Pakistan. It is also spelled as Chilinji.The pass is 6 miles to the north of Koz Sar peak.
 Harkenbäk is a creek of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Monks Head Pond is a lake of Antigonish County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Oligyrtos (Greek: Ολίγυρτος) is a mountain located at the junction of Arcadia Corinthia and Argolis in the northeastern Peloponnese in Greece. The mountain diagonally stretches from southwest to northeast with about 35 km length and 15 to 20 km breadth. Its highest point is the peak Skipiza at1935 m elevation. Other peaks are Gkrimini (1831 m) Parnias (1800 m) Skiathis (1777 m) and Mavrovouni (1695 m).
 Nelson Lake Hants is a lake of East Hants in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Bärenbach (Furlbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Afon Twymyn (English: River Twymyn) is a river in Powys Mid Wales.From its source at the 40-metre high Ffrwd Fawr waterfall and head of the Pennant Valley near Dylife the river flows through Llanbrynmair before joining the River Dyfi upstream of Cemmaes Road.
 Bojohagur or Bojohaghur Duanasir is a summit in the Batura Muztagh a subrange of the Karakoram range in Pakistan. It is the west summit of a short ridge whose high point is Ultar Sar also known as Bojohaghur Duanasir II (despite being higher). It was first climbed in 1984 by E. Kisa M. Nagoshi and R. Okamoto members of a Japanese expedition led by Tsumeo Omae which ascended from the Hasanabad Glacier via the Southwest Ridge
 Cho Polu is a mountain in the Khumbu region of eastern Nepal.
 The Luama River is a tributary of the Lualaba River in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC).
 The Fântânele River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Beacon Hill formerly known as Chocolate Drop Mountain is the tallest summit of a range of granite hills surrounding and running northeastward from Lake Norconian at the extreme northwest of the Temescal Mountains in Norco California.Rex Clark owner of the Norconian Resort sought to draw attention to his resort by building a 38-feet tall lighthouse with a powerful revolving light atop the hill.
 Mont Bonvin is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Crans-Montana in the Swiss canton of Valais. The border with the canton of Bern runs one kilometre north of the summit.Mont Bonvin is located near the glacier of Plaine Morte which can be reached from Crans-Montana by a cable car. From the upper station a trail lead to the summit.
 Rock Brook is a tributary of Beden Brook in Somerset County New Jersey in the United States.
 The Coșuștea Mică River is a tributary of the Coșuștea River in Romania.
 Nambiti River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Slănicel River is a tributary of the Slănic in Romania.
 Not to be confused with the similarly sounding Elba.The Elbe (Czech: About this sound Labe ; German: Elbe; Low German: Elv) is one of the major rivers of Central Europe. It rises in the Krkonoše Mountains of the northern Czech Republic before traversing much of Bohemia (Czech Republic) then Germany and flowing into the North Sea at Cuxhaven 110 km (68 mi) northwest of Hamburg.
 Mandiri River is a river in southern Java Indonesia.
 Possum Kingdom Lake (popularly known as P.K.) is a reservoir on the Brazos River located primarily in Palo Pinto County Texas. It was the first water supply reservoir constructed in the Brazos River basin. The lake has an area of approximately 17000 acres (6900 ha) with 310 miles (500 km) of shoreline.
 The Alolya (Russian: Алоля the Alol Russian: Алоль) is a river in Opochetsky Novorzhevsky Bezhanitsky and Pustoshkinsky Districts of Pskov Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Velikaya River. It is 105 kilometres (65 mi) long and the area of its basin 860 square kilometres (330 sq mi).The source of the Alolya is Lake Arno on the Bezhanitsy Hills in Opochetsky District.
 The Lewis Range is a mountain range located in the Rocky Mountains of northern Montana U.S. and extreme southern Alberta Canada. Formed by the Lewis Overthrust beginning 170 million years ago an enormous slab of Precambrian rocks 3 miles (4.8 km) thick 50 miles (80 km) wide and 160 miles (260 km) long faulted and slid over newer rocks of the Cretaceous period. In this relatively rare occurrence older rocks are now positioned above newer ones.
 The Río Emajagua is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Wai Sano is a volcano located in the western part of the island of Flores Indonesia. Wai Sano consists of an elliptical caldera about one mile (2.5 km) wide containing a lake 260 meters below the 903 meter caldera rim itself part of Mount Umpu Rua. Two fumaroles are located on the southesastern shore of the lake. No historical eruptions are known.
 The Franklyn Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located on the west side of the entrance to Loughborough Inlet north of Johnstone Strait northeast of Sayward. It has an area of 44 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 Cerro Negro de Mayasquer is a volcano on the border of Colombia and Ecuador. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) north-west of the volcano Chiles and the two peaks are considered part of the same Chiles-Cerro Negro volcanic complex. A 1936 eruption reported by the Colombian government agency Ingeominas may have been from the Ecuadorean volcano Reventador otherwise the volcano has not erupted for around 160000 years.
 Khensu crater is a crater on Jupiter's moon Ganymede. It is a dark-floored crater with a bright ejecta blanket located in the Uruk Sulcus region. The dark component may be residual material from the impactor that formed the crater. Another possibility is that the impactor may have punched through the bright surface to reveal a dark layer beneath.
 Cascade Mountain is in Essex County of New York. It is one of the 46 Adirondack High Peaks (36th) and is located in the Adirondack Park. Its name comes from a series of waterfalls on a brook near the mountain's base.
 Spofford Lake is a 739-acre (2.99 km2) water body located in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire in the town of Chesterfield. Water from Spofford Lake flows via Partridge Brook to the Connecticut River. In 2005 the New Hampshire Fish and Game Department named it the cleanest lake in southwestern New Hampshire despite the amount of motor boating. The village of Spofford is located at the lake's outlet.
 Stinson Lake is a 350-acre (1.4 km2) water body located in the town of Rumney in Grafton County New Hampshire United States. The lake is in the southern part of the White Mountains and is the largest lake in the White Mountain National Forest.[citation needed] Water from Stinson Lake flows via Stinson Brook the Baker River and the Pemigewasset River to the Merrimack River.The lake is a result of glacier deposits.
 The Valea Hoților is a headwater of the Valea Cetăţii in Romania
 Mount Finlayson is a 419 m (1375 ft) mountain located on the border of Highlands and Langford British Columbia about 14 km northwest of Victoria. It is located within the Gowlland Range (part of the Vancouver Island Ranges). It is bordered by Goldstream Provincial Park and Gowlland Tod Provincial Park and forms an imposing feature looming above Saanich Inlet for those travelling south on the Malahat Drive portion of Highway 1.
 The Pârâul Lupului or Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
 The Cidra River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Beinn Mhòr is a mountain on the island of South Uist in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland. With a height of 620 metres (2034 ft) it is the highest point on the island. The name Beinn Mhòr is Gaelic for big mountain.
 Folarskardnuten is the highest point on Hallingskarvet and is also the highest point in the county Buskerud of Norway.The mountain lies within Hallingskarvet National Park.
 Mont Rogneux is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Liddes in the canton of Valais. It is a mountain located north of the Petit Combin and Grand Combin. Facing the Verbier ski resort and neighbouring the Bruson lifts it presents a steep north face which has yet not been descended by ski.
 Verdalselva (English: Verdal River) is a 21-kilometre (13 mi) long river in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The river begins at Holmen in the village of Vuku at the confluence of the rivers Inna and Helgåa. The river Inna drains the lake Innsvatnet near the Swedish border and the river Helgåa runs from the lake Veresvatnet at the village of Vera. The river Verdalselva flows west into the Trondheimsfjord after passing through the town of Verdalsøra.
 Els Munts is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1057 metres above sea level.
 The Crookwell River is a perennial river that is part of the Lachlan catchment within the Murray–Darling basin located in the Southern Tablelands and South West Slopes regions of New South Wales Australia.Sourced by runoff from the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range the river rises south of Crookwell and flows generally northwest by west joined by one minor tributary before reaching its confluence with the Lachlan River northwest of Binda and east of Frogmore.
 The Sundays River or Nukakamma (Afrikaans: Sondagsrivier) is a river in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa. It is said to be the fastest flowing river in the country. The Khoisan people originally named this river Nukakamma (Grassy Water) because the river's banks are always green and grassy despite the arid terrain that it runs through. Presently this river is part of the Fish to Tsitsikama Water Management Area.
 The South Mayo River is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 The Sambhar Salt Lake India's largest inland salt lakea bowl shape lake encircles historical Sambhar Lake Town located 96 km south west of the city of Jaipur (Northwest India) and 64 km north east of Ajmer along National Highway 8 in Rajasthan.
 Monte Ferrante is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Peyto Lake (pea-toe) is a glacier-fed lake located in Banff National Park in the Canadian Rockies. The lake itself is easily accessed from the Icefields Parkway.
 The Cărbunele River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Urdărița River or Valea Urdei River is a headwater of the Cheia River in Romania.
 The Moming Glacier (French: Glacier de Moming) is a 3 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 6.39 km2.
 Hormecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Nissan is a 200 km long stream in southwest Sweden. It ends in the Kattegat bay of the North Sea in Halmstad.
 The Miringuava River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Kalgan River is a river in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.
 Lake Solitude is a lake located in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The 0.5-mile (0.80 km) in circumference natural lake is situated at the head of north Cascade Canyon and is a popular destination for hikers and backpackers. From the Cascade Canyon trailhead on the west shore of Jenny Lake the lake is a distance of 7.2 miles (11.6 km) and there is an altitude gain of 2252 feet (686 m) along the Cascade Canyon Trail and Lake Solitude Trail.
 Mynydd Drws-y-Coed is a peak on the Nantlle Ridge in Snowdonia north Wales. It is located at the easterly end of the ridge and is a subsidiary summit of Trum y Ddysgl. It has steep south facing cliffs the summit area being the highest point on a thin ridge.The west side is very rocky and airy and some scrambling is needed to attain the summit. A good head for heights will also be needed on the exposed regions.
 Hünerberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 for the Lake Eleanor in Ventura County California see Banning DamLake Eleanor is a reservoir located in the northwestern backcountry of Yosemite National Park at an altitude of 4657 feet (1419 m). The reservoir has a capacity of 26100 acre feet (32200000 m3) and a surface area of 953 acres (3.9 km²).The lake was formed in 1918 by damming Eleanor Creek as part of the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir system constructed to supply water and power to the city of San Francisco.
 The Șinel River or Șeinel River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 The Stog River is a tributary of the Căian River in Romania.
 La Vieja River (Spanish: Río La Vieja) is a river in the Colombiandepartments of Quindío Valle del Cauca and Risaralda. It is a major tributary of the Cauca River.The river is formed by the joining of the Quindío River and theBarragán River in an area known as the Valle de Maravelez. It has alength of 102 km and flows in a northwesterly direction meeting theCauca River approximately 7 km north of Cartago. Majortributaries include the Roble Consota Barbas Espejo and Pijao rivers.
 Livojärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Iijoki main catchment area. It is located in Posio municipality in the Lapland region in Finland.
 Owyhee Reservoir or Owyhee Lake is a reservoir on the Owyhee River in Malheur County Oregon United States. Located in far Eastern Oregon near the Idaho border the reservoir is Oregon's longest at 52 miles (84 km). The 13900-acre (56 km2) lake is home to several species of fish including crappie rainbow trout largemouth bass smallmouth bass yellow perch and brown bullhead. An artificial lake it was created in 1932 with the completion of the Owyhee Dam.
 The Jicatuyo River is a river in Honduras.
 Waddon Hill is a hill and the site of an old Roman fort near Beaminster in the English county of Dorset. The name Waddon is from the Old English meaning wheat hill.The Wessex Ridgeway passes to the north around the base of the hill. The B3162 road passes close to the western end of the hill. Lewesdon Hill is about 0.6 miles (1 km) to the west.
 Stoffelsberger Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 J. D. Dam Lake is located 19.5 miles (31.4 km) south and east of Williams in North Central Arizona.
 Vockebach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Grigg is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies in the northern outskirts of the huge walled plain Hertzsprung to the southwest of the crater Fersman and southeast of Poynting. The rim of this crater is generally circular with a small impact crater intruding into the eastern edge. A small crater fills the northwestern part of the interior floor.
 The River Corve is a minor river in Shropshire England. It is a tributary of the River Teme which it joins in the town of Ludlow and which joins the River Severn at Powick near Worcester.
 The Lapoș River is a tributary of the Saciova River in Romania.
 The Verdea River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Gülper See is a lake in Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 23.6 m its surface area is 6.6 km². It is located in the municipality of Havelaue Havelland district.
 The Sandhubel is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located south of Arosa in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of the Guggernellgrat.
 The Crusc de Rit (German: Kreuzspitze) is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 Tangamong Lake is a lake in the Lake Ontario drainage basin in the township of Wollaston Hastings County in eastern Ontario Canada at the easternmost end of the Kawartha Lakes chain.
 The Berghia River is a tributary of the Cuieșd River in Romania.
 Eagle Mountain Lake is a freshwater lake in North Texas. The lake was created by damming the West Fork of the Trinity River and sits below Lake Bridgeport and above Lake Worth (Texas). The lake dam was finished on October 24 1932. In 1965 the District voters (Tarrant Regional Water District) approved a bond issue to allow the District to install improved controlled spillways. It is a relatively popular attraction.
 The Aibiki River (相引川 Aibiki-gawa) is a river located in Takamatsu Kagawa Japan.
 Vysoky (Russian: Высокий) is a stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.Высокий means tall or high in Russian.
 Bentley Brook is a stream located in Derbyshire England. It rises at Matlock Moor flowing south through Cuckoostone Dale under the A632 into Lumsdale gathering the valley's waters—notably from Knabhall Brook out of Tansley itself dammed and supporting large mills. In Lumsdale it enters a now disused mill pond or reservoir then flows over a waterfall in the course of passing several historical mill ruins.
 The Soča (pronounced [ˈsoːtʃa] in Slovene) or Isonzo (in Italian) (other names Friulian: Lusinç archaic German: Sontig Latin: Aesontius or Isontius) is a 138 km (86 mi) long river that flows through western Slovenia (96 kilometres or 60 miles) and northeastern Italy (43 kilometres or 27 miles). An Alpine river in character its source lies in the Trenta Valley in the Julian Alps in northwestern Slovenia at an elevation of 876 metres (2874 ft).
 The Grose Valley is a rugged valley in the Blue Mountains New South Wales Australia. It has been formed by the Grose River the headwaters of which are in the Mount Victoria area. The valley is located between the Great Western Highway and Bells Line of Road the two major routes across the Blue Mountains. The majority of the valley falls within the Blue Mountains National Park.
 Edøyfjorden is a fjord (more technically a strait) in the Nordmøre region of Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 26-kilometre (16 mi) long fjord runs between Smøla Municipality and Aure Municipality with many large and small islands on both sides. Some of the major islands include Smøla Edøya and Kuli on the north side and Tustna Stabblandet Solskjeløya Ertvågsøya and Grisvågøya on the south side.
 The Caney River (Lenape: Kènii Sipu ) is a 180-mile-long (290 km) river in southern Kansas and northeastern Oklahoma. The river is a tributary of the Verdigris River and is usually a flatwater stream.The Caney forms just north of the town of Grenola in Elk County Kansas then moves south into Oklahoma near Elgin Kansas. It then flows south through Osage County where it is dammed near Bowring to form Hulah Lake.
 The Crasna River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania
 The Moose River (Namakan Lake) is a river of Minnesota.
 Dzhangi-Tau or Jangi-Tau (Georgian: ჯანღა; Russian: Джанги-Тау) is a summit in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range. It lies on the border of Svaneti (Georgia) and Kabardino-Balkaria (Russia). The elevation of the mountain is 5051 m (16572 ft) above sea level. The slopes of the mountain are heavily glaciated. They are most famous for the dormant volcanoes that are hidden under the ice caps[citation needed].
 The Beciu River is a tributary of the Slimnic River in Romania.
 The Alban Hills (Italian Colli Albani) are the site of a quiescent volcanic complex in Italy located 20 km (12 mi) southeast of Rome and about 24 kilometres (15 mi) north of Anzio.The dominant peak (but not the highest) is Monte Cavo at 950 m. There are two small calderas which contain lakes Lago Albano and Lake Nemi.
 The Wellhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Rosenlaui in the Bernese Oberland. On its eastern side is the Rosenlaui Glacier.
 The Charwell River is a river in the northeast of New Zealand's South Island. Its headwaters are in the Seaward Kaikoura Ranges and it feeds into the Conway River the traditional boundary between Marlborough and Canterbury.
 The Noric Alps (German: Norische Alpen) is a collective term denoting various mountain ranges of the Eastern Alps. The name derives from the ancient Noricum province of the Roman Empire on the territory of present-day Austria and the adjacent Bavarian and Slovenian area.
 Camaipi River do Maracá River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 Hombach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Meall nan Aighean is a Scottish mountain in the council area of Perth and Kinross. It stands in a group of four Munros known as the Càrn Mairg group or the Glen Lyon Horseshoe on the north side of Glen Lyon. It is often climbed as part of the circuit of the Càrn Mairg Munros which stand in a curving arc around the Invervar Burn.
 Mount Tahan (Malay: Gunung Tahan) at 2187 m is the highest point in Peninsular Malaysia. It is located within the Taman Negara national forest in the state of Pahang. The mountain is part of the Tahan Range in the Tenasserim Hills and is popular with local climbers.In the Malay language gunung means mountain while tahan means endure. Thus the name of the mountain suggests that a certain level of physical endurance is required to conquer it.
 Aljažev dom v Vratih (1015 m) is a mountain hut which lies on upper end of Vrata valley near Triglavska Bistrici. the hut is named after Slovenian priest and composer Jakob Aljaž who ordered the first wooden hut in 1896. Later in 1904 Aljažev dom was built. Current hut was built in 1910 the previuos was destroyed by avalanche. Aljažev dom is a starting point to various mountains Triglav (famous northern wall - Stena) Škrlatica Cmir
 Narcondam or Narcondum is a small volcanic island located in the Andaman Sea. Its central peak rises some 710 m above mean sea level and is formed of andesite. It is considered to be part of the Andaman Islands the main body of which lie approximately 114 km to the west. The island is part of the Indian union territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. The island is small covering an area of approximately 6.8 square kilometres.
 The Dobrinești River or Dobricionești River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in RomaniaThe river rises in the Izbucul Gălăşeni located on the northern part of the Ciungilor Plateau of the Pădurea Craiului Mountains. The upper reach of the river is known as Gălăşeni River
 The Birchiș River is a tributary of the Izvor River in Romania.
 Lake Otradnoye (Russian: о́зеро Отра́дное; Finnish: Pyhäjärvi) is a lake on Karelian Isthmus in Priozersky District of Leningrad Oblast south of the town of Priozersk. The area of the lake is 66 square kilometres (25 sq mi) and the area of its drainage basin is 275 square kilometres (106 sq mi).The lake is the source of the Pionerka River (Pyhäjöki River) which flows to the west and drains into Lake Komsomolskoye.
 Saunders Lake is located in the United States state of Minnesota. It is a 70-acre (280000 m2) lake that is west-southwest of Minneapolis–St. Paul in the Minneapolis suburbs of Mound and Minnetrista. The first European settlers came to the area near Saunders Lake in the 1850s. In 1854 Nathaniel Sanders and J. F. Buck settled on its shores. Saunders Lake was named for Nathaniel Sanders.[1].The lake is a large Type 5 wetland classified as a Natural Environment lake.[2].
 The Pârâul Sărat is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Morsberg is an Odenwald mountain in Hesse Germany.
 Soode is a river in Hesse Germany.
 Mitsikeli (Greek: Μιτσικέλι) is a mountain range in the central part of the Pindus mountains in Epirus Greece. The mountain is located northeast of Ioannina and Lake Ioannina. Its highest elevation is 1810 m. It stretches from near Kalpaki in the northwest to the eastern end of Lake Ioannina a total length of 35 km. The northeastern slopes and the lower northwestern part of Mitsikeli are forested.
 Lake Ontario (French: Lac Ontario) is one of the five Great Lakes of North America. It is bounded on the north and southwest by the Canadian province of Ontario and on the south and east by the American state of New York. Ontario Canada's most populous province was named for the lake. In the Wyandot (Huron) language ontarío means “Lake of Shining Waters”. It is the last in the Great Lakes chain and serves as the outlet to the Atlantic Ocean via the St. Lawrence River.
 Grant Glacier is located in the US state of Montana in Flathead National Forest. The glacier is situated in a cirque and lies below the east slopes of Mount Grant (8590 feet (2620 m)). Grant Glacier is 1 mile (1.6 km) southeast of Stanton Glacier and both 5 miles (8.0 km) west of Glacier National Park (U.S.). Images taken of the glacier in 1902 and from the same vantage point in 1998 indicate that the glacier retreated substantially during the 20th Century.
 Artemis Corona is a corona found in the Aphrodite Terra continent on the planet Venus at 35°S 135°E.Named after Artemis the virgin goddess of hunting it is the largest corona on Venus with a diameter of 2600 kilometers.
 Mount Carse is a mountain having several peaks the highest at 2330 metres (7640 ft) standing 2 nautical miles (4 km) north of the head of Drygalski Fjord in the southern part of the Salvesen Range of South Georgia. It was surveyed by the South Georgia Survey (SGS) between 1951 and 1957 and named for V. Duncan Carse leader of the four SGS expeditions during that period.
 The Jaburu River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Campbell Mountain (8245 feet (2513 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Campbell Mountain rises more than 4000 feet (1200 m) above the west shore of Waterton Lake.
 The Torrenthorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Leukerbad in the canton of Valais. It lies south of the Majinghorn.In winter the Torrenthorn is part of a ski area.
 Cerrito Creek is one of the principal watercourses running out of the Berkeley Hills into San Francisco Bay in northern California. It is significant for its use as a boundary demarcation historically as well as presently. In the early 19th century it separated the vast Rancho San Antonio to the south from the Castro family's Rancho San Pablo to the north. Today it marks part of the boundary between Alameda County and Contra Costa County.
 Sävar River (Swedish: Sävarån) is a river in Sweden.
 The Elementeita Badlands also known as the Otutu Forest or Ututu Forest is a lava flow in Kenya that covers approximately 9000 acres (36 km2). The area was previously covered in thick dryland forest characterized by cedar trees (Juniperus spp.) and Leleshwa bushes (Tarchonanthus camphoratus). In addition Wild Jasmine and Boophone are also found.The land belongs to Njenga Karume who bought it from Arthur Cole in 1980.
 The Cavalla River (also known as the Cavally the Youbou and the Diougou) is a river in West Africa running from north of Mont Nimba in Guinea through Côte d'Ivoire to Zwedru in Liberia and back to the border with Côte d'Ivoire. It ends in the Gulf of Guinea 21 km (13 mi) east of Harper Liberia. It forms the southern two-thirds of the international boundary between Liberia and Côte d'Ivoire.It has a length of 515 kilometers (320 mi) and is the longest river in Liberia.
 The Vârciorog River or Surducel River is a tributary of the Peştiş River in Romania.
 The Izvorul Călinii River is a tributary of the Cosău River in Romania.
 The Chester River is a major tributary of the Chesapeake Bay on the Delmarva Peninsula. It is about 43 miles (69 km) long and its watershed encompasses 368 sq mi (950 km2) which includes 295 sq mi (760 km2) of land. Thus the total watershed area is 20% water. It forms the border between Kent County and Queen Anne's County Maryland with its headwaters extending into New Castle County and Kent County Delaware. Chestertown the seat of Maryland's Kent County is located on its north shore.
 The Potrii River is a tributary of the Beliș River in Romania.
 Lone Mountain is a hill in west-central San Francisco California and the site of the private University of San Francisco (USF) - Lone Mountain Campus which in turn was previously the San Francisco Lone Mountain College for Women.
 The Casei River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Little Tennessee River is a tributary of the Tennessee River approximately 135 miles (217 km) long in the Appalachian Mountains in the southeastern United States.
 The Cornetu River is a tributary of the Bega Luncanilor River in Romania
 Orestimba Creek originally Arroyo de Orestimba (Orestimba a Yokutsan word for Meetingplace) is a tributary of the San Joaquin River draining eastern slopes of part of the Diablo Range within the Central Valley of California USA. The Creek has its source at the confluence of the north and south forks of Orestimba Creek and its mouth at the San Joaquin River is about 7 1/2 miles north of Newman in Stanislaus County.
 The Chicera River is a tributary of the Borod River in Romania
 Deep Bay is a bay off the northwest coast of Lau Fau Shan Hong Kong. It is surrounded to the north by Shenzhen proper and west by the peninsula of Nantau China. It is also known as Hau Hoi Wan (Chinese: 后海灣) in Hong Kong and Shenzhen Bay (Chinese: 深圳湾) in China.
 Maiden Moor is a fell in the English Lake District it stands 6 km (3.7 mi) south of the town of Keswick and is part of the high ground that separates the Newlands Valley and Borrowdale it has a modest height of 576 m (1890 ft) and so fails to be mentioned on many UK mountain lists but it does have a separate chapter in Alfred Wainwright’s Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells.
 Lake Ngaroto is a peat lake in Waipa District of New Zealand.Located 19 km south of Hamilton and 8 km north-west of Te Awamutu it has a surface area of 108 ha making it the largest of the Waipa peat lakes. The lake is hypertrophic leading to eutrophication with corresponding poor water quality.
 Mount Victoria is a mountain located above Queens Reach of Jervis Inlet within the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains of British Columbia Canada. The mountain was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumper who charted all of the known area and named the mountain after HRH Princess Beatrice Mary Victoria “baby” who was the ninth child of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.The first ascent of Mount Victoria was made in 1929 by Arthur Tinniswood Dalton and Percy Williams Easthope.
 The Panaro is an Italian river and the final right-hand tributary to the Po discounting the Cavo Napoleonico canal. It runs right across Emilia-Romagna in a north-easterly direction: from its source close to the Apennine watershed where Emilia-Romagna meets Tuscany to its outlet where the Po marks the region’s boundary with Veneto. Its Latin name was Scultenna.It is 148 km (92 mi) long with a 2292 km² drainage basin; alternating between aridity in summer and fullness in spring and autumn.
 Three Brothers three separate mountains of the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia are situated approximately 360 kilometres (220 mi) north of Sydney.
 Summit Lake is located above Cameron Lake Waterton Lakes National Park Alberta Canada along the Alderson-Carthew trail.It lies in the pass between Mount Carthew and Mount Custer
 Al-Biruni is an impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon just beyond the eastern limb. This portion of the surface is sometimes brought into sight due to librations of the Moon but due to its location the crater is viewed from the side. Al-Biruni lies to the south of the crater Joliot and to the northeast of Goddard.The rim of Al-Biruni forms a somewhat irregular circle with a slight outward bulge in the northeast wall and a somewhat wider inner wall to the west.
 Magat River is a river in the Philippine island of Luzon. It is the largest tributary of Cagayan River the longest and largest river system in the country with an estimated drainage area of 5 110 km² roughly twenty percent of the total drainage area of the river.
 The Pavlič Pass (Slovene: Pavličevo sedlo German: Paulitschsattel) or just Pavlič (German: Paulitsch) (elevation 1338 m) is a mountain pass which connects the Slovenian municipality of Solčava in the historical region of Lower Styria with the Austrian state of Carinthia.The Seeberg Highway (B 82) heads from the Austrian side through the scenic village of Bad Eisenkappel (Slovene: Železna Kapla) up to the border crossing Seebergsattel.
 This article refers to Atreyee or Atrai river. For other articles regarding Atreyee see Atreyee (disambiguation).For the video game company see AtariAtrai River (also spelt as Atreyee) (Bengali: আত্রাই/আত্রেই নদী) flows in West Bengal and northern parts of Bangladesh.In ancient times the river was called Atrei and finds a mention in the Mahabharata. It is linked with Karatoya River.
 The Tardia River is a tributary of the Văratec River in Romania.
 The Tapuaeroa River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southeast from its sources in the Raukumara Range joining its waters with those of the Mata River close to the town of Ruatoria the resulting flow becoming the Waiapu River.
 Sandruper See is a lake in Münsterland North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 43 m its surface area is 11 ha.It is immediately south of the small town of Sprakel itself a northern suburb of the city of Münster.Since 1966 the lake has been managed by the local angling club VFG Frühauf Münster who own half the lake.
 The Cialitos River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Wrede Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located between Ingenika River and Wrede Creek in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Goraesan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its area extends across Gapyeong County and Yeoju County. Goraesan has an elevation of 542.5 m (1780 ft).
 Monge is a lunar crater that lies along the southwestern edge of the Mare Fecunditatis. The outer rim is somewhat irregular in shape with an outward bulge to the east and smaller bulges to the north and northwest. The interior floor is somewhat irregular in the eastern half and there are accumulations along the bases of the sloping interior walls. The nearest named crater is Cook to the northeast while the larger Santbech is located to the west-southwest.
 Naranjito is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Orielton Lagoon is a shallow Lagoon located west of Sorell in Tasmania Australia.
 The Barta River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
 Staffel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Loopebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Millwood Lake is a reservoir in southwestern Arkansas United States. It is located 9 miles (14 km) from Ashdown. The lake is formed from the damming of the point where the Little River and the Saline River meet.
 The Vauvise (French: la Vauvise) is a 57.7 km (35.9 mi) long river in the Cher département central France. Its source is at Nérondes. It flows generally north. It is a left tributary of the Loire into which it flows at Saint-Satur near Sancerre.
 The Snake River (Isabella River) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Sohodol River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Hooke is a lunar crater that is located to the northwest of the crater Messala in the northeastern part of the Moon. It lies about a crater diameter to the southeast of the comparably sized Shuckburgh.The low rim of this crater is moderately eroded with the satellite crater Hooke D intruding slightly into the southeastern side. A small worn crater is attached to the northern exterior rim. The interior floor has been flooded leaving a level featureless plain and a narrow inner wall.
 Reservoir Hole is a cave in Cheddar Gorge in southwest England. It contains what is believed to be the largest chamber yet found under the Mendip Hills.The cave was first dug out in 1951 by members of Wessex Cave Club and further progress was made in 1965 when Moonmilk Chamber was reached with the use of blasting. Grand Gallery was discovered in 1969 Topless Aven in 1970 and Golgotha Rift in 1973.
 The Lokoro River is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo one of the largest affluents of Lake Mai-Ndombe.The river originates in the Dekese Territory then flows west through the Lokolama sector of Oshwe Territory in Mai-Ndombe District then northwestward along the boundary between Kiri Territory and Inongo Territory to enter the northern part of Lake Mai-Ndombe.The river runs through extensive areas of permanent swamp forest.When the heavy rains begin in October the river floods and brings oxygenated water and nutrients into the swamp forests.Near the upper Lokolo there is a great intercalary savanna named Ita.This seems to have been the location of a Bolia chiefdom at the end of the fourteenth century.The headwaters of the river are in the southern part of the Salonga National ParkMost of the park is accessible only via river. 
 Phu Ruea (Thai: ภูเรือ) is a 1365 m high mountain in Loei Province Thailand. It is located in Phu Ruea District giving its name to the district. This mountain is part of the Phetchabun Mountains a massif forming a natural boundary between North Thailand and Isaan. The peak rises 7 km north of Highway 203 between Loei town and Phetchabun and it is a good lookout to view the Mekong and the Hueang River valleys.
 The Bedeu River or Băgaciu River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Hartmannswillerkopf also known as the Vieil Armand or Hartmannsweilerkopf is a pyramidal rocky spur in the Vosges mountains of Alsace. The peak stands at 956 metres (3136 ft) overlooking the Rhine valley. At Hartmannswillerkopf stands a national monument of World War I for the fighting which took place in the trenches here.
 Lake Brompton (French: Lac Brompton) is a lake located in the Estrie region of Quebec Canada. It is located partially in the Regional County Municipalities of Le Val-Saint-François and Memphrémagog.Lake Brompton is said to be home to the Lake Brompton Monster sometimes nicknamed Champ's younger brother. The lake monster is said to be 6 feet (1.8 m) long something resembling a mustache and an evil-looking head.
 Lake Yastrebinoye (Russian: о́зеро Ястреби́ное IPA: [ˈozʲɪrə jɪstrʲɪˈbʲinəjə] lit. Hawk Lake; Finnish: Haukkajärvi lit. Hawk Lake) is a 2 km long lake in Priozersky District of Leningrad Oblast close to the border with the Republic of Karelia in the northernmost part of the Karelian Isthmus 10 km from the railway station Kuznechnoye. The lake is situated in a depression between steep outcrops of granite rocks of the Baltic Shield which are a popular climbing area.
 The Prişca River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
 Skeikampen is a mountain that is located in central southern Norway in Gausdal. There is an alpine facility at the mountain with 10 ski-lifts and 17 pistes.The area also has an 18 hole golf course which is the highest golf course altitude in Norway[citation needed].The mountain's profile is depicted in the coat-of-arms of the Gausdal municipality.
 Lauter (Blau) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Little Waingaro River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Waingaro River which it meets 10 kilometres south of Takaka.
 The Cocoru River is a tributary of the Valea Adâncă in Romania.
 The Cape May Canal is a 2.9 nautical miles (3.3 mi; 5.4 km) waterway connecting Cape May Harbor to the Delaware Bay at the southern tip of Cape May County New Jersey. There is a long history of unfulfilled plans for a canal across Cape May. The canal was finally constructed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers during World War II to provide a protected route to avoid German U-boats operating off Cape May Point and to become part of the Intracoastal Waterway.
 The Tualatin Mountains (also known as the West Hills or Southwest Hills of Portland) are a range of hills on the western border of Multnomah County Oregon United States. A spur of the Northern Oregon Coast Range they separate the Tualatin Basin of Washington County Oregon from the Portland Basin of western Multnomah County and Clark County Washington.The highest peak in the range is Cornell Mountain at 1270 feet (390 m).
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Lake Anahuac is an artificial lake fed by the Trinity River 45 miles (72 km) east of downtown Houston Texas USA in western Chambers County. The city of Anahuac lies on its eastern shores.The lake was once Turtle Bay until the mouth of the bay was closed in the early 1900s. The current dam and levee system was completed in 1954.
 Bera Mawr is a summit in the Carneddau mountains in north Wales height 794 metres. It and Bera Bach are together known as the Berau or northern Carneddau. The summit is a large rock tor characteristic of the western Carneddau. There are views of Llwytmor and Foel-fras to the north-east Garnedd Uchaf to the south-east Bera Bach to the south Drosgl to the west and the Menai to the north-west.
 The Troyte River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It rises in the Hooker Range 15 kilometres west of Aoraki/Mount Cook flowing west then north to reach the Karangarua River.
 The Maiad River (Hungarian: Nyomát Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈɲomaːt]) is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
 The Osterwald is a ridge (up to 419.2 m above sea level) in the Calenberg Uplands and together with the Nesselberg and the Kleiner Deister forms a unified group of three adjacent ranges in the Leine Uplands. It lies between Coppenbrügge Eldagsen and Elze in the North German state of Lower Saxony.
 Tullpaqucha (Quechua tullpa rustic cooking-fire stove qucha lake hispanicized spellings Tullpacocha Tulpacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ancash Region Huaraz Province Independencia District. Tullpaqucha lies in the Cordillera Blanca southeast of Pallqarahu and Pukaranra southwest of Rurichinchay and Tullparahu and northwest of Antap'iti (Andavite) at the very end of the Qillqaywank'a gorge.
 Sørbølfjellet is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Homorodul Mare River is a headwater of the Homorod River in Romania.
 Yngern is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Văcăria River is a tributary of the Pilugul River in Romania.
 The Chavanon (Occitan: Chavanon) (also called la Ramade) is a 54.2 km (33.7 mi) long river in the Creuse Puy-de-Dôme and Corrèze départements central France. Its source is in Crocq. It flows generally southeast. It is a right tributary of the Dordogne into which it flows between Savennes and Confolent-Port-Dieu.On most of its course it forms part of the boundary between the Limousin and Auvergne regions.
 The Furggen (3492 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Italy (Aosta Valley) and Switzerland (Valais). It is the culminating point of the ridge named Furgggrat stretching from the Furggjoch (3271 m) to the Theodul Pass (3295 m) and is located halfway between the Matterhorn and Testa Grigia.On the summit is an abandoned cable car station.
 Oberstockensee is a small lake in the Canton of Bern Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.118 km. The lake is located above the village of Erlenbach im Simmental below Mt.
 Hwaaksan is a mountain in South Korea whose area extends over Gapyeong County Gyeonggi-do and Hwacheon County Gangwon-do. It has an elevation of 1468.3 m (4817 ft).
 Long Churn Cave is a cave in the Ingleborough area of the Yorkshire Dales caving area. First explored in 1870 it has become a popular location for beginner cavers and it contains the most famous squeeze in the Dales the Cheesepress. It is near Selside about 9 miles (14 km) north of Ingleton North Yorkshire. Access is by permission from the landowner at Selside Farm after payment of a nominal fee.
 Mogilica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Parsęta.
 The Colombian Massif (from the Spanish Macizo Colombiano) also known colloquially as Nudo de Almaguer refers to a group of mountains within the Andes of south central Colombia. The massif is mainly within the area of the Cauca Huila and Nariño Departments. To the south is the Pasto Massif (Nudo de los Pastos) and to the north begins the Central and Eastern Andes.
 Zare is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Lake Albina is a glacial lake in the Kosciuszko National Park New South Wales Australia.Lake Albina is located about 2.5 km north of Mount Kosciuszko the highest mountain in Australia. The lake is about 500 metres long and 50 metres wide. It is located in a ravine with Mount Townsend to the west and Mount Lee and Mount Northcote to the east.
 The Präzer Höhi (also known as Mutta) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps situated near Thusis in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the valleys of Safien and Domleschg.
 The Clare River is a river that is part of the Moira River system in the Lake Ontario drainage basin in Hastings and Lennox and Addington Counties Ontario Canada.
 The Limia River (Lima in Portuguese Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈɫimɐ]) is a river in Galicia Spain and Portugal with an extension of 108 km.The source of the Limia is Talariño Mountain (975 metres) close to the Paradiña village in the Sarreaus municipality (Ourense Spain). It crosses the border into Portugal close to the Lindoso village and reaches the Atlantic near Viana do Castelo.The Romans identified the Limia with the mythical Lethe.
 Marsh Lake is a lake in the Municipal District of Lunenburg in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Kaimondake volcano (開聞岳 Kaimondake) also romanized as Kaimon-dake situated in the Ibusuki volcanic region of southern Kyūshū Japan near Ibusuki is an undissected volcano which consists of a basal stratovolcano and a small central volcano. It rises 924 meters above sea level. Also known as 'Fuji of Satsuma'.The last eruption occurred in the year 885.
 The San Juan River is together with the Jáchal the most important river of the Argentine province of San Juan. Both join the Desaguadero/Colorado system that end at the Atlantic Ocean.The river starts near the town of Calingasta in the southwest of the province from the confluence of three main rivers: the Calingasta River the Castaño Viejo River and the Río de los Patos.
 The Stejeriș River is a tributary of the Unirea River in Romania.
 Sekayam River is a river of Borneo Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Kapuas River. The Program Pemberdayaan Sistem Hutan Kerakyatan (PPSHK) has a scheme on the river aimed at reducing the level of mercury content absorbed by humans.The river flows through the dense rainforest of Borneo. The Entabai River enters the Sekayam River. During the 1880s the river was exploited for its Cinnabar and antimony in its far upper course.
 The Fagu Roşu River is a tributary of the Senetea River in Romania.
 The Orinoco is one of the longest rivers in South America at 2140 km (1330 mi). Its drainage basin sometimes called the Orinoquia covers 880000 square kilometres (340000 sq mi) with 76.3% of it in Venezuela and the remainder in Colombia. The Orinoco and its tributaries are the major transportation system for eastern and interior Venezuela and the llanos of Colombia.
 The Guaratinguetá River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Smithville Lake is a 7190-acre (29 km2) reservoir on the Little Platte branch of the Platte River in Clay County Missouri near Smithville. It provides the water supply for Smithville Missouri and Plattsburg Missouri.
 The Puelo River has its origin in a lake of the same name in Argentine territory and flows north-west through the Andes into the Reloncaví Estuary of the Reloncaví Sound at the northern end of the Gulf of Ancud.
 Atnsjøen is a lake in the municipalities of Sør-Fron in Oppland county and Stor-Elvdal in Hedmark county Norway.
 The Pârâul Adânc is a tributary of the Avrig river in Romania.
 The Wind River is a minor tributary of the Mississippi River in western Wisconsin in the United States. It flows for its entire 9.0-mile (14.5 km) length in western Pierce County. It rises in the town (unincorporated jurisdiction) of Trimbelle and flows southward through the towns of Oak Grove and Diamond Bluff. Wind River joins the Mississippi near the unincorporated community of Diamond Bluff which is within the larger jurisdiction (the town).
 The Rasulpur River (also spelt Rasalpur) is a tributary of the Hooghly River. The Rasulpur flows through Paschim Medinipur and Purba Medinipur districts. It flows as Bagda River until Kalinagar and then flows as Rasulpur River. Its tributaries are Itaberia Khal and Mugberia Khal. It joins the Hooghly shortly after Kaukhali lighthouseopposite Sagar Island.
 Schneller is a lunar impact crater on the Moon's far side. It is located in the northern latitudes to the southwest of the crater Woltjer. This is a heavily worn and eroded crater that has a somewhat uneven rim with outward bulges to the southeast and northeast. The rim is nearly non-existent along the northwestern side. The interior of this crater is relatively featureless with only a few small indistinct craterlets.
 Ribeira do Calhau is a stream in the eastern part of the island of São Vicente in Cape Verde. It begins in the hills southeast of the island capital Mindelo flows towards the east and and empties into the Atlantic Ocean at the village Calhau. The settlement Ribeira de Calhau which comprises the villages Madeiral Ribeira de Calhau and Calhau takes its name from this stream.
 Trenter See is a lake in Lehmkuhlen Kreis Plön Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 0.107 km².
 Buchanan Lake is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Piz Malmurainza (3038 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Samnaun Alps located north of Tschlin in the canton of Graubünden. It lies between the Muttler and Piz Mundin on the range separating the main Inn valley from the Samnaun valley.
 The Hemlock River is a 12.9-mile-long (20.8 km) river in Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of the Paint River which flows to the Brule River then the Menominee River and ultimately Lake Michigan.
 Piestewa Peak (/paɪˈɛstəwɑː/ py-ESS-tə-wah; O'odham: 'Vainom Do'ag' formerly Squaw Peak) at 2610 feet (796 m) is the second highest point in the Phoenix Mountains after Camelback Mountain and the third highest in the city of Phoenix Arizona. It is located in the Phoenix Mountain Preserve. Piestewa Peak is named in honor of Army Spc. Lori Ann Piestewa the first known Native American woman to die in combat in the U.S.
 Eston Nab is a local landmark to those who live along the River Tees in north-east England.A nab is a rocky promontory or outcrop and Eston Nab marking the highest point – at 242 metres (794 ft) – on the escarpment which forms Eston Hills appears as a clear sandstone cliff on the northernmost edge of Eston Moor.
 The Eagle Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges in eastern San Luis Obispo County California.
 The Dragu River is a tributary of the Calul River in Romania.
 Mianzimu (缅茨姆) is a summit in the Meili Xue Shan of Yunnan province China. At 6054 metres (19862 ft) it is the second highest peak in the range (after Kawagebo) and is regarded as one of the world's most beautiful mountains.
 The Logan River is a 53.7-mile-long (86.4 km) tributary of the Little Bear River in Utah the United States. It is currently being studied to determine whether it is suitable for National Wild and Scenic Rivers designation.
 Mount Fox is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1859 after Fox Lt. General C.R.
 The Groapa lui Simion River is a tributary of the Valea cu Apă River in Romania.
 Pfefferfließ is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Gold Mountain is a 1761-foot (537 m) peak on the Kitsap Peninsula of Washington state in the United States' Pacific Northwest. It is the highest point on the Kitsap Peninsula and the highest point in Kitsap County Washington and nearby 1639-foot (500 m) Green Mountain is the second-highest point. It lies within the boundaries of the 6000-acre (2400 ha) Green Mountain State Forest and adjacent to the City of Bremerton watershed.
 The Tega River is a tributary of the Bâsca Roziliei River in Romania.
 Leuschner is a lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side to the northwest of the Montes Cordillera. It lies to the north of the crater Grachev in the outer skirt of ejecta surrounding the Mare Orientale impact basin. This is a circular crater with a rim that has only been lightly eroded by subsequent impacts.
 Lake Coleridge is located in inland Canterbury in New Zealand's South Island. Located 35 kilometres to the northwest of Methven it has a surface area of 47 km².The lake is located to the north of the Rakaia River and is the site of one of the country's earliest hydroelectric schemes completed in 1914. The project makes use of the difference in altitude between the lake and river (the lake is 150 metres higher).
 Brileys Lake is a lake of Inverness County in north-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 Besenreepsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 57 m its surface area is 0.084 km².
 The Shrewsbury Canal (or Shrewsbury and Newport Canal) was a canal in Shropshire England. Authorised in 1793 the main line from Trench to Shrewsbury was fully open by 1797 but it remained isolated from the rest of the canal network until 1835 when the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal built the Newport Branch from Norbury Junction to a new junction with the Shrewsbury Canal at Wappenshall.
 The Iberger Kugel is a 1013 meters high mountain in the Allgäu located seven kilometers southeast of Isny im Allgäu.A transmitter on top of the mountain transmits the radio stations Radio 7 on FM 105.0 and Radio Seefunk on FM 103.9.
 Hyatt Reservoir is a reservoir in Jackson County Oregon United States 14 miles (23 km) east of Ashland. Impounded by Hyatt Dam the water is used for irrigation and recreation. A local irrigation district built the dam in 1923.Located at an elevation of 5016 feet (1529 m) the lake supports populations of bass trout and other species. The Bureau of Land Management oversees a large public recreation complex adjacent to the lake.
 Beinn Eighe is a complex mountain massif in the Torridon area of the Highlands of Scotland. It forms a long ridge with many spurs and summits two of which are classified as Munros. The name Beinn Eighe comes from the Scottish Gaelic meaning File Mountain. Unlike the neighbouring hills of Liathach and Slioch it has a cap of Cambrian basal quartzite which gives the peaks of Beinn Eighe a distinctive light colour.
 The Miclăuș River is a tributary of the Rusca River in Romania.
 The Arroyo Seco (dry riverbed usually called the Arroyo Seco River[citation needed]) is a major tributary of the Salinas River in central California. 40 miles (64 km) long it drains a rugged semi-arid area of the Coast Ranges and a portion of the agricultural Salinas Valley.
 The Batiscan Lake is located in Upper Batiscanie and is the limit of unorganized territories of Lac-Blanc (White Lake) and Lac-Croche.
 Hooker Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming .25 miles (0.40 km) WNW of Mount Hooker. The glacier descends from 11600 to 11200 ft (3500 to 3400 m).
 Rio Verde (Portuguese for green river) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Beech Creek (Texas) is a river in Texas.
 Nogodan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1507 metres.
 Enzian is a mountain of Bavaria Germany located in the Bavarian Forest.
 Waldbrölbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Black River is an 11.0-mile-long (17.7 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The river flows into Lake Michigan at 46°05′37″N 85°20′30″W approximately 5 miles (8 km) east of Naubinway.The main branch of the river rises at 46°11′59″N 85°22′13″W in a marshy area in eastern Garfield Township near Cranberry Lake Bog. The East Branch rises at 46°08′05″N 85°16′46″W in Hudson Township and joins the main course at 46°05′47″N 85°20′24″W.
 Gindarja Springs is an alignment of depressions (intermittent springs) that consists of three large indentations aligned in a northwesterly direction within the Racetrack playa area of Death Valley USA. Two are completely within the Racetrack playa and the third is on the edge. All three are associated with significant vegetation.
 Alajuela Lake (Spanish: Lago Alajuela) is an artificial lake on the Chagres River created by the Madden Dam and linked to the Panama Canal. Lake Alajuela serves as a reservoir for the canal which lies to the lake’s southwest. The Chagres Pequení Boquerón Salamanca La Puente Indio Piedras San Cristóbal and Escandaloso rivers flow into the lake.
 Prouty Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation generally between 9500 and 8500 feet (2900 and 2600 m). Prouty Glacier is on the northeast slopes of South Sister an extinct stratovolcano. Beyond the current range of the glacier glacially formed Carver Lake lies to the immediate northeast of Prouty Glacier and is impounded by the old terminal moraine of the glacier.
 The Gârbava River is a tributary of the Anineș River in Romania.
 The Megunticook River is a short river in Camden Maine. From the spillway of Megunticook Lake (44°14′06″N 69°05′59″W) the river runs 3.5 miles (5.6 km) southeast through the town to West Penobscot Bay.
 Savivesi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in Leppävirta municipality in the Northern Savonia region in Finland. Savivesi´s elevation is almost the same as the lake Unnukka´s elvation and it is possible to see them as one lake.
 The Tahekeroa River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southwest to reach the Makarau River eight kilometres north of Kaukapakapa.
 Soyosan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its area extends across the cities of Pocheon and Dongducheon. It has an elevation of 587 m (1926 ft).
 The Stariște River or Starici River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Mitre Peak is a mountain in the Karakoram mountain range near Concordia in the Northern Areas of Pakistan.Mitre marks the confluence of the branches of the Baltoro Glacier with the Gasherbrum branch arriving from the SE and the Godwin Austin branch arriving from the NE. It sits across from Broad Peak.
 The Sos River is a tributary of the Fehéres River in Romania. The river is channelized on the reach which crosses the localities of Băile Seiche and Odorheiu Secuiesc
 The Wind River Range (or Winds for short) is a mountain range of the Rocky Mountains in western Wyoming in the United States. The range runs roughly NW-SE for approximately 100 miles (161 km). The Continental Divide follows the crest of the range and includes Gannett Peak which at 13804 feet (4207 m) is the highest peak in Wyoming. There are more than 40 other named peaks in excess of 13000 feet (3962 m).
 Boggywell Creek an urban gully that is part of the Georges River catchment is located in the southern Sydney district of St George in New South Wales Australia.
 Deep Lake is a 33-acre (130000 m2) lake in White River National Forest in Colorado United States. It is the site of a Deep Lake Campground.
 The Moctezuma River (Sonora) is a river of Mexico.
 Étang de Barrandon is a lake in Saint-Étienne-du-Valdonnez Lozère France. At an elevation of 1375 m its surface area is 0.073 km².
 The Preto River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Kongakut River flows through parts of North Slope Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins in the Davidson Mountains of the Brooks Range in the northeastern corner of the state near the border with Yukon Territory in Canada. The Kongakut flows generally northeast and north through the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to the Beaufort Sea northwest of Demarcation Point.
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Anieș River in Romania.
 Marin Creek is a creek tributary of Codornices Creek in northwestern Alameda County California. The lower stretch of Marin Creek is also known as Village Creek.
 Gunanoot Lake is a lake in the Skeena Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada located northeast of the town of Hazelton near the confluence of the Babine and Shelagyote Rivers. It is named for Simon Gunanoot a Gitxsan packer guide-outfitter and storekeeper who was accused of murder living as a fugitive in the mountains for many years until turning himself in and being acquitted.
 Gottschalkenberg Pass (el. 1164 m.) is a high mountain pass in the canton of Zug in Switzerland.
 Paraná Urariá is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Kimtah Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington in a cirque to the west of Kimtah Peak and east of Cosho Peak. Both Kimtah and Cosho Peaks are prominent summits along a ridge known as Jagged Edge. Kimtah Glacier is just under 1 mi (1.6 km) in width and descends northward from 8100 to 7000 ft (2500 to 2100 m) and has four lobes.
 Kalnik or Kalničko gorje is a mountain in northwestern Croatia. Its highest peak is the eponymous Kalnik at 642 metres (2106 ft).
 The Lompoc Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges near the coast and Lompoc in western Santa Barbara County California.Part of the range is located within the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
 The Little Cranberry River is an 11.3-mile-long (18.2 km) river in Ontonagon County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Lake Superior.
 The Butler River is a river of New Zealand. It flows west from the slopes of McKinnon Peak in the Southern Alps reaching the Whataroa River 15 kilometres southeast of Whataroa.
 Jakobshavn Glacier also known as the Jakobshavn Isbræ (in Danish) and Sermeq Kujalleq (in Greenlandic) is a large outlet glacier in West Greenland. It is located near the Greenlandic town of Ilulissat (Danish: Jakobshavn) and ends at the sea in the Ilulissat Icefjord.Jakobshavn Glacier drains 6.5% of the Greenland ice sheet and produces around 10% of all Greenland icebergs. Some 35 billion tonnes of icebergs calve off and pass out of the fjord every year.
 The Canalul Morilor is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Mount Penrose 7877 ft (2401 m) is a mountain in the Flathead Range of the Rocky Mountains in Montana United States.
 Cabrera (Santa Maria de Corcó) is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1307 metres above sea level.
 Seichereck is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Parramatta River is an intermediate tide dominated drowned valley estuary located in Sydney New South Wales Australia. The Parramatta River is the main tributary of Sydney Harbour a branch of Port Jackson. Secondary tributaries include the smaller Lane Cove and Duck rivers.Formed by the confluence of Toongabbie Creek and Darling Mills Creek at North Parramatta the river flows in an easterly direction to a line between Greenwich Point Greenwich and Robinsons Point Birchgrove.
 The Cubatão River (São Paulo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Dollis Brook runs through the London Borough of Barnet in North London. It is a tributary of the River Brent which is itself a tributary of the River Thames. The Dollis Valley Greenwalk follows almost all of Dollis Brook apart from a short section at the beginning which passes through private land and the London Loop follows it as far as Barnet Lane.
 The Răcătău River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Piethorne Reservoir is the largest of several reservoirs in the Piethorne Valley above Milnrow in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale Greater Manchester England. It was built in 1866.During excavations at Piethorne in the mid-18th century a Celtic spear-head with a 5-inch (130 mm) blade was unearthed implying human habitation in the locality during the British Iron Age.
 Cold Mountain is in the mountain region of western North Carolina United States.The mountain is one of the Great Balsam Mountains which are a part of the Blue Ridge Mountains within the Appalachian Mountains.Cold Mountain is located within the Shining Rock Wilderness of the Pisgah National Forest about 15 miles (24 kilometers) southeast of Waynesville and 35 miles (56 kilometers) south of Asheville. The mountain lies completely within federal lands and is uninhabited.
 Cerro Aracamuni is a tepui in Amazonas state Venezuela. Part of the Neblina–Aracamuni Massif it lies north of Cerro Avispa and the vast complex of Cerro de la Neblina. Cerro Aracamuni and Cerro Avispa share a common slope area; they have a combined summit area of 238 km2 (92 sq mi) and an estimated combined slope area of 658 km2 (254 sq mi). Both of these cerro-plateaus have a maximum elevation of around 1600 metres (5200 ft).
 Gunsight Peak (8198 feet (2499 m)) is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington. On the east slopes of Gunsight Peak lies Blue Glacier while to the west lies the larger Chickamin Glacier. The tallest of a series of peaks along Blue Mountain Gunsight Peak is a challenging climb and ropes are recommended.
 The Elizabeth River New Zealand is a river of Fiordland New Zealand. It rises north of Mount George and flows westward through Fiordland National Park into the Malaspina Reach of Doubtful Sound at Olphert Cove. Elizabeth Island is in the Reach by the river mouth. The island was named by Captain John Grono after his brig Elizabeth in late 1822 or early 1823.
 Bonden is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Pârâul Usturoiului is a tributary of the Valea Gorganului River in Romania.
 Ausangate (Quechua: Awsanqati) is a mountain of the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru. With an altitude of 6384 metres it is situated around 100 kilometres southeast of Cusco.The mountain has significance in Incan mythology. Every year the Quyllur Rit'i (Quechua for star snow) festival which attracts thousands of Quechua pilgrims is celebrated about 20 km north of the Ausangate at the mountain Qullqipunku. It takes place one week before the Corpus Christi feast.
 The Los Vaqueros Reservoir was completed by the Contra Costa Water District (CCWD) in 1998 to improve the quality of drinking water for its 550000 customers in Central and Eastern Contra Costa County in Northern California. The name vaquero is Spanish and means cowboy in English. The reservoir is accessible via Vasco Road from Brentwood California and Livermore California.
 Fälensee (or Fählensee) is a lake in the Alpstein range of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden Switzerland. At an elevation of 1446 m the surface area is 0.12 km². It is located in a narrow valley between Hundsteingrat and Roslen-Saxer First.
 Schleichenbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Dejnev Crater is a crater in the Memnonia quadrangle of Mars located at 25.5° south latitude and 164.8° west longitude. It is 156 km in diameter and was named after Semen Ivanovich Dejnev a Russian geographer explorer and navigator (1605–1673).
 The Veternica (Serbian Cyrillic: Ветерница pronounced [ʋɛ̌tɛːrnitsa]) is a river in southern Serbia a 75 km long left tributary to the Južna Morava which gives the name to the region surrounding its valley.The Veternica originates from the Grot peak the southernmost part of the Kukavica mountain. Four smaller streams meet at the village of Vlase and continue to the north as the Veternica.
 The Păltiniș River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
 San Rafael Lake is an arc-shaped coastal lake located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile within the national park that bears its name. To the north the lagoon is connected to the Moraleda Channel to the south lies the Ofqui Isthmus. To the west and east lie the Taitao Peninsula and the Northern Patagonian Ice Field respectively. The Lagoon was formed by the retreat of the San Rafael Glacier in the Northern Patagonian Ice Field.
 Mud is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It flows into the river Main near Miltenberg.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Valchid River in Romania.
 Barlings Eau is a small river near Barlings Lincolnshire England. It is a tributary of the River Witham joining it near Short Ferry.
 Biviere Lake is a lake in the Province of Messina Sicily Italy. At an elevation of 1325 m its surface area is 0.18 km².
 Visterflo is a lake in Østfold county Norway. It forms a part of the Glomma watershed together with Ågårdselva and Mingevannet.
 Säuling or Saulingspitze is a twin-peak mountain in the German Allgäu though part of the mountain is in Austria. The two summits have heights of 2047 metres (6716 ft) and 2038 metres (6686 ft). It is located near the town of Füssen and the castle Neuschwanstein.
 The Matalag River is a river in the Philippines flowing from the town of Kabugao in Apayao province to Rizal town in Cagayan province. It is a tributary of Chico River which later joins the Cagayan River the longest river in the country. The river was called Matalag since according to Malaueg people it is an aroma for men and women to wash clothes take a bath. Its water has a clean clear bluish color. It is one of the well preserved ancient Philippine rivers.
 The Rușavăț River is a tributary of the Călmăţui River in Romania.
 The Hotar River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Ehlbeck is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Neureut (Berg) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Cetti River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Wild Horse Range is a mountain range in Elko County Nevada northwest of the Owyhee River's Wild Horse Reservoir. They are contained within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains.
 At 823 metres Hart Mountain in Manitoba is the highest peak in the Porcupine Hills of central Canada. It is located 43 km NNW of Swan River.
 The Torre (Friulian: Tôr; Slovene: Ter) is a river of the Province of Udine in Friuli-Venezia Giulia northeast Italy. It is the main right tributary of the Isonzo; the Torre together with its own tributary the Natisone drain a large part of the Isonzo basin.The river rises in the Julian Prealps at around 1000 m above sea level. It flows through the communes of Tarcento and Reana del Rojale where as a result of the Karst topography it disappears underground.
 The Fedeleșul River is a tributary of the Șorogari River in Romania.
 The Veza River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Otis Reservoir is a 1085-acre (4 km2) reservoir located primarily in Otis Massachusetts. Small portions are also in Tolland MA and Blandford MA. The lake is popular for boating swimming fishing water skiing snowmobiling camping and water-related recreation. Fish include lake trout bass white perch yellow perch catfish and bluegills.
 The Latorița de Mijloc River or Muncelu River or Muntinu River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 The Liujiaxia Reservoir (simplified Chinese: 刘家峡水库; traditional Chinese: 劉家峽水庫; pinyin: Liújiāxiá Shuǐkù) is a reservoir in China's Gansu Province formed by the Liujiaxia Dam on the Yellow River. It occupies over 130 km2 (50 sq mi) and is located entirely within Linxia Hui Autonomous Prefecture.
 The Luza (Russian: Луза) is a river in Oparinsky and Luzsky Districts of Kirov Oblast Priluzsky District of the Komi Republic and Velikoustyugsky District of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Yug River. It is 574 kilometers (357 mi) long and the area of its drainage basin is 18300 square kilometers (7100 sq mi). Its main tributaries are the Lopyu the Porub the Lekhta and the Lala (all from the right).
 Silver Lake is a small freshwater reservoir in Southeastern Minnesota. The lake lies on the South Fork Zumbro River located approximately one mile north of downtown Rochester.The electrical power plant operated by Rochester Public Utilities uses the lake for cooling. Since the lake operates as a heat sink it doesn't freeze in the winter. The warm water attracts a large number of Canada geese that remain in the area year round.
 Pico dos Marins is a mountain peak located on the border of two Brazilian cities: Piquete and Cruzeiro in the state of São Paulo. The peak lies within the Mantiqueira Mountains and has an elevation of 2420.7 metres (7942 ft).
 The Dobra River is a tributary of the Lișava River in Romania.
 The Porter Brook is a river in the City of Sheffield England descending over 1000 feet (300 m) from its source among the sedge grass on Burbage moor behind a small farm on Hangram just inside the Peak District National Park in the west of the city at Clough Hollow near the village of Ringinglow.
 The Putna River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of two headwaters: Putna Mică and Pârâul Roşu (or Putna Mare)
 Bleaberry Tarn is a small natural mountain tarn near Buttermere in the English Lake District. Located at NY165154 (OS Landranger 89) it lies in a corrie below the Lakeland fells of Red Pike and High Stile backed by Chapel Crags on the ridge between them. The footpath ascending Red Pike from Buttermere skirts its north side.The stream Sour Milk Gill descends from the tarn to Buttermere and is followed by one of the popular footpaths ascending Red Pike.
 Lake Rotoroa (or Hamilton Lake Domain) is a lake in Hamilton Waikato North Island New Zealand.It has a surface area of about 54 hectares and an average depth of 2.4 metres.It is the home of the Hamilton Yacht Club which holds regular sailing in the summer.
 Konnivesi is a medium-sized lake of Finland in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located partly in region Päijänne Tavastia near the town Heinola partly in region Kymenlaakso. There is a waterway crossing the Heinola town and connecting the lake to another lake Ruotsalainen.
 The Nave is a river in France located in the department of Pas-de-Calais. It has its source in Nédonchel then flows into the Clarence up to Gonnehem after a course of 22 kilometres (14 mi).
 The Thomson River is situated in western Queensland Australia and forms part of the Lake Eyre Basin. The river was named by the explorer Edmund Kennedy in the 1840s.The northernmost headwaters of the river begin as Torrens Creek inland from Charters Towers. The watercourse becomes the Thomson just north of the town of Muttaburra where the channels of Landsborough Creek Towerhill Creek and Cornish Creek meet.
 The Bouie River also sometimes known as the Bowie River is a tributary of the Leaf River 60 mi (96 km) long in southern Mississippi in the United States. Via the Leaf River it is part of the watershed of the Pascagoula River which flows to the Gulf of Mexico.
 The Pinnacle is local high point on the Blue Mountain ridge of the Appalachian Mountains. Due to its location on the Appalachian Trail and its reputation as one of the best views in Pennsylvania the Pinnacle is heavily used by hikers.
 The Scorota Seacă River or Scorota Verde River is a headwater of the Scorota River in Romania.
 Lahnerkopf is a mountain located on the border of Bavaria Germany and Tyrol Austria. It is 2121 metres (6959 ft) high.
 Timberline Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Situated on a high shelf immediately east of Buck Mountain and north of Static Peak Timberline Lake is one of the highest altitude lakes in Grand Teton National Park.
 Wheeler Peak elevation 13065 feet (3982 m) a mountain in the Snake Range of the Great Basin in the western United States. It is named for George Wheeler leader of the Wheeler Survey of the late 19th century.It is located in Great Basin National Park in eastern White Pine County of central-eastern Nevada. It is the highest point in the National Park and second highest point in the state. The summit is located 14 miles (23 km) west of the Utah border.
 Laguna de Paca also known as Paca Lagoon is a placid lake in Peru. It is located 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) north of the historic town of Jauja which was once the capital of Peru before Lima was built as its new capital. The lake precincts is habitat for rich flora and fauna. The lake is sourced to springs.
 Aprada-tepui is a tepui in Bolívar state Venezuela. It has an elevation of around 2500 metres (8200 ft) above sea level. It gives its name to the Aprada Massif which also includes the smaller Araopán-tepui to the east. A steep semi-circular ridge connects these two summits.
 The Krönten is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking the Reuss valley in the canton of Uri. Its 3108 metre high summit lies between the valleys of Ersfeld and Gorneren.
 Mireuksan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 430 metres.It is a mountain located to the northeast of Iksan City (익산시) in the North Jeolla (전라북도/전북) Province. It is the patron mountain for Iksan as well as being host to three temples on its slopes. There are multiple hiking paths allowing public access to its peak Janggunbong (장군봉) which can usually be reached in less than an hour from most of the trail heads.
 The Lake Archange is located at the boundary of Sainte-Thècle and Grandes-Piles in the Mekinac Regional County Municipality in Mauricie in Quebec Canada.
 Keele Peak in Canada's Yukon Territory is the highest peak in the Mackenzie Mountains at 2972 metres (9751 ft). With a prominence measure of 2177 m (7142 ft) it is one of Canada's most prominent peaks. It is located about 25 km from the Canol Road not far from the Northwest Territories border.The peak was named for Joseph Keele an explorer and geologist who had moved to Canada from his native Ireland.
 Horse Mountain elevation 9952 ft (3033 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado. The mountain is in the San Juan National Forest west of Pagosa Springs.
 The Pintii River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 Tasersuaq (old spelling: Taserssuaq) is a large lake in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland. The name of the lake means large lake in the Greenlandic language and is a common name shared by several lakes in the country.
 The Kena (Russian: Кена) is a river in Plesetsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Onega River. It is 39 kilometres (24 mi) long and the area of its basin 8120 square kilometres (3140 sq mi). The source of the Kena is at Lake Kenozero.The river basin of the Kena covers a vast area in the western part of Plesetsky District and some minor areas of Onezhsky District.
 Red Pike is a fell in the English Lake District. It is 826 m or 2709 ft (826 m) high and lies due north of Wast Water. It is often climbed as part of the Mosedale Horseshoe a walk which also includes Pillar.The fell can be confused with Red Pike (Buttermere) not least because its namesake is only three miles away so according to Alfred Wainwright it is conventional to call it Wasdale Red Pike.
 Schmiebach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Capuanus is a lunar crater that lies along the southern edge of the Palus Epidemiarum. The outer rim is eroded and indented by lesser crater impacts with notches in the north west and southern parts of the rim. The interior floor has been resurfaced by basaltic lava which is connected to the surrounding lunar mare by a narrow crater-formed gap in the northern rim.
 Costabona (in Spanish and Catalan Costabonne in French) is a mountain of Catalonia on the border between Spain and France. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2464 metres above sea level.
 Frog Woman Rock is a distinctive volcanic monolith in the Russian River canyon through the California Coast Ranges. The California Historical Landmark adjacent to US Route 101 is a popular recreation site for rock-climbing and whitewater kayaking.
 The Gurgui River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Harald Bay is a bay about 4 nautical miles (7 km) wide indenting the coast between Archer Point and Williamson Head in Oates Land Antarctica. It contains Kartografov Island. The bay was photographed from the air by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump in 1947.
 Governor Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. It gave name to the nearby Governor Lake community.
 Sander is a crater on Mercury within Caloris Basin. It has dark walls and bright patches on its floor. Unlike the rays of Basho crater the bright areas are not believed to be immature but are inherently bright. It is named after the German photographer August Sander (1876–1964).
 Prespa is the name of two freshwater lakes in southeast Europe shared by Albania Greece and the Republic of Macedonia. Of the total surface area 176.3 km2 (68.07 sq mi) belongs to the Republic of Macedonia 46.3 km2 (17.88 sq mi) to Albania and 36.4 km2 (14.05 sq mi) to Greece.
 Mount Pandim is a Himalayan mountain located in Sikkim India.
 The Avon Heathcote Estuary is the largest semi-enclosed shallow estuary in Canterbury and remains one of New Zealand’s most important coastal wetlands. It is well known as an internationally important habitat for migratory birds and it is an important recreational playground and educational resource. It was once highly valued for mahinga kai (Māori for food gathering).
 The Pasarel dam and reservoir is located 20 km to the southeast of Sofia Bulgaria at an altitude of 700 m.The dam is situated roughly half way between the Iskar Reservoir and Lake Pancharevo near the village of Dolni Pasarel.
 The Fairweather Range is the unofficial name for a mountain range located in the U.S. state of Alaska and the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is the southernmost range of the Saint Elias Mountains. The northernmost section of the range is situated in Tatshenshini-Alsek Provincial Park while the southernmost section resides in Glacier Bay National Park in the Hoonah-Angoon Census Area.
 Agluona is a river of Akmenė district municipality Lithuania. It flows for 23.4 kilometres and has a basin area of 188 km².
 Atsonupuri (Russian: Атсонупури; Ainu: アトゥサヌプリ Atusa-nupuri; Japanese: 阿登佐岳 Atosa-dake) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Iturup Island Kuril Islands Russia.
 Chickahominy Reservoir is located on U.S. Highway 20 100 miles (160.9 km) east of Bend Oregon and 32 miles (51.5 km) west of Burns Oregon in the United States. It was built as an irrigation reservoir but is now managed by Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife as a recreational fishery. The reservoir is very long and is narrow at points almost pinched at the center.A dam on Chickahominy Creek in Harney County Oregon formed the reservoir.
 The Steinbergstein is a 2215 m AA high mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps in Austria.
 Bebra is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Shannon–Erne Waterway (Irish: Uiscebhealach na Sionainne is na hÉirne; Ulster-Scots: Shannon–Erne Wattèrgate) is a canal linking the River Shannon in the Republic of Ireland with the River Erne in Northern Ireland.
 The Risihorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Bellwald in the canton of Valais. It lies south of the Setzehorn at the southern end of the chain lying east of the Fiescher Glacier.
 The Valea Roții River is a tributary of the Strâmbu-Băiuţ River in Romania.
 Alcovy Mountain is a monadnock in the state of Georgia similar to Kennesaw Mountain in the city of Marietta. It is located in Walton County just four miles south of the city of Monroe with a summit elevation of 1070 ft (326 m). It is the highest point in Walton county and the most southeastern mountain of significance of the Appalachians. The local terrain averages roughly 750 feet (230 m) AMSL.
 The Purcăreț River is a tributary of the Dragoș River in Romania.
 The Republican River is a river in the central Great Plains of North America rising in the High Plains of eastern Colorado and flowing east 453 miles (729 km) through the U.S. states of Nebraska and Kansas.
 Pine Mountain 2221 feet (677 m) is a prominent peak in the Taconic Mountains of western Massachusetts. The mountain is located in Pittsfield State Forest and is traversed by the Pine Mountain Trail which connects to the 35 mi (56 km) Taconic Crest hiking trail and the 12.1 mi (19.5 km) multi-use Taconic Skyline Trail. The summit and west side of Pine Mountain are located within Hancock Massachusetts; the east side is within Pittsfield Massachusetts.
 The Dürrenhorn (4035 m) (also Dirruhorn) is a summit in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland. It lies towards the northern end of the Nadelgrat a high-level ridge running roughly north–south above the resort of Saas-Fee to the east and the Mattertal to the west. It is part of the Mischabel range which culminates at the Dom (4545 m).
 Chichester River a perennial stream of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Hunter district of New South Wales Australia.
 Zulia River (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈsulja]) is a river in Venezuela and Colombia. It is a tributary of the Catatumbo River. The Zulia forms a small part of the international boundary between the two countries.
 Schmiehbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Sturgeon Lake is a lake in the Kawartha lakes region of Ontario Canada. It is part of the Trent-Severn Waterway. The lake is Y shaped and has the communities of Fenelon Falls Lindsay Sturgeon Point and Bobcaygeon at the north-west south central and north-east points of the Y respectively. The lake is approximately 25 km (16 mi) from the southern to the north-eastern extremes the longer axis.
 Mount Redington is a mountain located in Franklin County Maine. Redington is flanked to the northeast by South Crocker Mountain and to the west by Black Nubble. Redington stands just northeast of the U.S. Navy Survival Escape and Evasion Training Facility (USSEAETF).The southeast side of Redington drains into the South Branch of the Carrabassett River then into the Kennebec River and into the Gulf of Maine.
 Albert Edward Bay is a bay on the southeast side of Victoria Island in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago. If faces Victoria Strait to the east. There are several islands in the bay the largest of which is Admiralty Island at its mouth. Its north side is the Collinson Peninsula.It is part of the Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada and is named in honor of King Edward VII of the United Kingdom.
 Løvstakken is one of the Seven Mountains that surround the city centre of Bergen Norway. The mountain is located between the Fyllingsdalen and Bergensdalen valleys. Løvstakken and the forests nearby are popular hiking areas among the locals. Gullsteinen a large hill located south of the summit of Løvstakken is also part of the mountain massif and borders the protected forest area Langeskogen.
 Kangerlussuaq Fjord (old spelling: Kangerdlugssuaq Danish: Søndre Strømfjord) is a long fjord in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland. The fjord is 190 km (120 mi) long and between 1.5 km (0.93 mi) and 8 km (5.0 mi) wide flowing from the estuary of Qinnguata Kuussua river to the southwest and emptying into Davis Strait. It is the longest fjord of western Greenland.
 Penyes Altes de Moixeró is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 2276 metres above sea level.
 Nggaloyangga River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Agate Lake is a reservoir located 1510 feet (460 m) above sea level in Jackson County Oregon United States. It is 13 miles (21 km) northeast of Medfordjust north of Roxy Ann Peak. The lake is formed by the 86-foot (26 m) tall Agate Dam which impounds Dry Creek in the Rogue River watershed.
 The Fläschenspitz is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located south of Studen in the canton of Schwyz. It lies between the valley of the Sihl and the Klöntal.
 The Pârâul Găii is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The Valea Lungă River is a headwater of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 The Eldorado Mountains also called the El Dorado Mountains are a north-south trending mountain range in southeast Nevada bordering west of the south-flowing Colorado River; the endorheic Eldorado Valley borders the range to the west and the range is also on the western border of the Colorado River's Black Canyon of the Colorado and El Dorado Canyon on the river.
 The Berckelman River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Harding Range and flow in a north-westerly direction before discharging into the Sale River of which it is a tributary.The river was named the Berckelman on 13 June 1865 by Trevarton Charles Sholl while on an exploratory expedition from the short-lived Camden Harbor settlement (in Camden Sound).
 Bivane River a tributary of the Pongola River situated in the KwaZulu-Natal South Africa.
 Burphu Dhura is a Himalayan mountain peak situated in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand India. The altitude of the summit is 6334 m. It is situated at the end ridge over the Kalabaland Glacier in the eastern part of the district left to the Milam Glacier. Kalabaland Dhura (6105 m) is situated to the west of this peak on the same massif. Burphu Dhura massif is the part of divide between Kalabaland and Goriganga valleys.
 Schwabach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Rio Grande Pyramid elevation 13827 ft (4214 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado. The peak is in the Weminuche Wilderness of the San Juan National Forest northeast of Durango.
 The Little Harquahala Mountains are a small arid low elevation mountain range of western-central Arizona in the southeast of La Paz County.The range is northwest-by-southeast trending and is in a region of about thirty landforms plains valleys and mountain ranges called the Maria fold and thrust belt. The region is in the Basin and Range and three mountain ranges are in a parallel northwest-by-southeast trending thrust belt with two intervening valleys.
 Oakeys Brook is a tributary of Lawrence Brook a branch of the Raritan River in Middlesex County New Jersey in the United States.
 The São Lourenço River is a tributary of the Paraguay River within the Pantanal an alluvial plain that spans portions of Brazil Bolivia and Paraguay. The São Lourenço river basin lies in the Mato Grosso state of Brazil.
 Pietzschebach is a river of Saxony Germany. It rises in Haselbrunn Plauen and runs into the river Weisse Elster. It is 3.5km long.
 Mahālangūr Himāl (Nepali: महालङ्गूर हिमाल) is a section of the Himalaya in northeast Nepal and south-central Tibet extending east from the pass Nangpa La between Rolwaling Himal and Cho Oyu to the Arun River. It includes Mount Everest Lhotse Makalu and Cho Oyu — four of Earth's six highest peaks. On the Tibetan side it is drained by Rongbuk and Kangshung Glaciers and on the Nepali side by Barun Ngojumba and Khumbu Glaciers and others.
 Xuanwu Lake (simplified Chinese: 玄武湖; pinyin: Xuánwǔ hú) is located in Xuanwu District in the central-northeast part of Nanjing in Jiangsu China near Nanjing Railway Station and Ji Ming Temple. The Ming city wall borders the park to its south and east and a pagoda and the Zifeng Tower overlook the lake.The lake covers 444 hectares and is 15 kilometers in circumference.
 The Stugariu River is a tributary of the Şoimuş River in Romania.
 Ching-Te is a tiny lunar impact crater located in a mountainous area to the east of the Mare Serenitatis. It is a circular bowl-shaped formation with no distinguishing features. To the south-southeast is the crater Fabbroni and to the northeast is Littrow.
 The Făgețel River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 Pharaquta (Aymara phara dry quta lake dry lake hispanicized spelling Paracota) is a lake in Peru located in the Tacna Region Candarave Province Candarave District. It is situated at a height of about 4512 metres (14803 ft). Pharaquta lies between the larger lake Such'i in the northwest and the volcano Tutupaka in the south.
 Middle Harbour Creek a tributary of Middle Harbour is a youthful tide dominated drowned valley estuary north–west of Sydney Harbour located in Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 The Valea Locei River or Loca River is a tributary of the Nicolina River in Romania. The Bârca and Ciurbeşti dams are located on this river.
 Port Stephens an open youthful tide dominated drowned valley estuary is a large natural harbour of approximately 134 square kilometres (52 sq mi) located in the Hunter Region of New South Wales Australia.Port Stephens lies within the Port Stephens-Great Lakes Marine Park and is situated about 160 kilometres (99 mi) north-east of Sydney.
 The Rivière Pilote is a river of Martinique.
 The Hackensack River is a river approximately 45 miles (72 km) long in the U.S. states of New York and New Jersey emptying into Newark Bay a back chamber of New York Harbor. The watershed of the river includes part of the suburban area outside New York City just west of the lower Hudson River which it roughly parallels separated from it by the New Jersey Palisades. It also flows through and drains the New Jersey Meadowlands.
 The Tohăneanca River is a tributary of the Ghighiu River in Romania.
 The Bandeirantes do Norte River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Lake Cerknica (Slovene: Cerkniško jezero German: Zirknitzer See) is an intermittent lake in the southern part of the Cerknica Polje a karst polje in Inner Carniola a region in southwestern Slovenia. The lake oriented in the Dinaric direction from northwest to southeast is present for the most part of the year. When full it is the largest lake in the country.
 The Valea Turcului River is a tributary of the Bârsa Groșetului River in Romania.
 Piz Laschadurella is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located east of Zernez in the canton of Graubünden. Its southern side is part of the Swiss National Park.
 San Gorgonio Pass el. 1591 ft (485 m) is a gap on the rim of the Great Basin between the San Bernardino Mountains to the north and the San Jacinto Mountains to the south carrying Interstate 10 and the Union Pacific Railroad between the Los Angeles basin and the Coachella Valley. Like Cajon Pass to the northwest it was created by the San Andreas Fault with the valleys leading up to the pass aligned with the fault.
 Sturgeon Lake is a lake in north-western Alberta Canada. It has a total area of 49.1 km2 (19.0 sq mi) and a maximum depth of 9.5 m (31 ft). It is located in the hydrographic basin of the Little Smoky River at an elevation of 685 m 20 km west of the town of Valleyview along Highway 43. Young's Point Provincial Park is located on the northern shore of the lake and Williamson Provincial Park lies on the southern shore.
 The Hollandse IJssel (Holland IJssel as opposed to the 'regular' or Gelderland IJssel) is a branch of the Rhine delta that flows westward from Nieuwegein on river Lek through IJsselstein Gouda and Capelle aan den IJssel to Krimpen aan den IJssel where it ends in the Nieuwe Maas. Another branch called Enge IJssel (Narrow IJssel) flows southwest from Nieuwegein. The name IJssel is thought to derive from the Germanic i sala meaning dark water.
 The Volga (Russian: Во́лга IPA: [ˈvolɡə] ) is the longest river in Europe; it is also Europe's largest river in terms of discharge and watershed. It flows through central Russia and is widely viewed as the national river of Russia. Eleven of the twenty largest cities of Russia including the capital Moscow are situated in the Volga's drainage basin. Some of the largest reservoirs in the world can be found along the Volga.
 Chanva (Russian: Чаньва) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of Yayva River. It is 70 km in length. The area of drainage basin is 733 km2. It starts by confluence of rivers Tsenva and Rassokha on the north slope of mountain range Belyi Spoi. It is mountain river with significant height differences.Flows in deep rocky valley. Mouth located downstream of settlement Verh-Yayva.
 The Stour River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It rises in two main branches the East Branch and West Branch to the southeast of Lake Heron flowing generally south to meet the south branch of the Ashburton River 15 kilometres west of the settlement of Mount Somers.
 Scum Lake is a lake in the Chilcotin region of the Interior of British Columbia Canada.The major inflow at the west and outflow at the northeast is Haines Creek which flows to the Chilcotin River near the settlement of Hanceville. The Chilcotin River flows via the Fraser River to the Pacific Ocean.Scum Lake Airport is at the northeastern tip of the lake.
 Khao Ok Talu or Phu Khao Ok Thalu (เขาอกทะลุ) is a mountain located in Phatthalung Province Thailand. It is a karstic formation.
 The Arrow Canyon Range is a small narrow Basin and Range faulted mountain range that runs south to north in Clark County Nevada United States. Its length is approximately 25 miles at a latitude 36˚35' - 36˚47' and its width is roughly 7 miles at a longitude of 114˚54' - 114˚47'. The base elevation is 3000 ft and it rises to 4953 ft at its peak. It runs parallel to U.S.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 The Greifensteine is a rock formation in the Ore Mountains Germany between the towns of Geyer Ehrenfriedersdorf and Jahnsbach. The highest of the seven granite rocks reaches 731 m.
 Lough Finn (Irish: Loch Finne) is a freshwater lough (lake) in County Donegal Ireland. The lough along with its neighbouring village of Fintown was named after a mythological woman Finngeal who drowned in the lake after attempting to save her wounded brother Feargamhain.
 The Ereigue River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into Lake Valencia.
 Mount Ushiro (後山 Ushiro-yama) is a mountain on the border of Shisō Hyōgo Prefecture and Mimasaka Okayama Prefecture Japan. It is the highest mountain in Okayama Prefecture and the third highest mountain in Hyōgo Prefecture after Mount Hyōno and Mount Mimuro. In Hyōgo Prefecture this mountain is also known as Itabami-san and in Tottori Prefecture it is also known as Ushiro-no-sen.
 The Crăcălia River is a tributary of the Glăvănești River in Romania.
 Sprout Creek is a 24.8-mile-long (39.9 km) creek located entirely within Dutchess County New York United States. It is the largest tributary of Fishkill Creek entering that creek some 11 miles (18 km) upstream from the Hudson River. The creek is annually stocked with 6000 brown trout and maintains its own natural population of trout.
 The Irpin’ or Irpen’ (Ukrainian: Ірпі́нь; Russian: Ирпе́нь) is a river in Ukraine a right tributary of the Dnieper.It is 162 km in length and flows through the city of Irpin'. The location where Irpin' enters the Dnieper river falls into the Kiev Reservoir which the Dnieper forms because of the Kiev Hydro-Electric Power Plant dam. Thus the Dnieper water level at this location is lifted artificially by about 6.5–7 meters above the natural level.
 Lake Windermere (Ktunaxa: ʔa·kisq̓nuk ) is a very large widening in the Columbia River. The village of Windermere is located on the east side of the lake and the larger town of Invermere is located on the lake's northwestern corner. The average depth of the lake is only 15 feet (4.5 meters).Lake Windermere is a very popular vacationing spot especially for residents of Calgary which is a 3-hour car drive to the east.
 The Bruneau Range is a mountain range in Elko County Nevada. They are contained within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains.
 The Crepori River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Tapajós.
 A river mouth or stream mouth is a part of a river where it flows into the sea river lake reservoir or ocean. At the mouth of a river a delta is formed resulting from sediment deposition.
 The Montrose Basin is part of the estuary of the South Esk forming a tidal basin near to the town of Montrose Angus on the east coast of Scotland.The nature reserve in this embayment is internationally important for Pink-footed Geese Red Knot and Common Redshank and is nationally important for Common Shelduck Wigeon and Common Eider Ducks. It is also popular with Mute Swans Oystercatchers and Northern Lapwings as well as smaller birds.
 The Dolina River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
 Bulgoksan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its area extends over the cities of Seongnam and Gwangju. Bulgoksan has an elevation of 345 m (1132 ft). The name of Mountain is same with other mountain at Gyeonggi-do Yangju so it would be confusing.There is a story that the name of mountain is become Bulgok because there were some temple site in the mountain.
 Dorena Reservoir (also Dorena Lake) is a reservoir on the Row River in Lane County Oregon United States. It is located 6 miles (9.7 km) east of Cottage Grove.
 The Grosser Diamantstock is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located west of Handegg in the Bernese Oberland. Its summit has an elevation of 3162 metres (10374 ft) above sea level and is the tripoint between the glacier valleys of Hiendertelltigletscher Bächligletscher and Gruebengletscher.
 Aalkistensee is a lake in Kraichgau Baden-Württemberg Germany. At an elevation of ca 250 m its surface area is 0.136 km².
 Lanzenbach (Bühler) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Gayatri River rises in Panchaganga temple in old Mahabaleshwar and is a tributary of the Krishna River in western Maharashtra India. It rises near Mahableshwar a famous hill station in the Western Ghats.The river meets the Krishna River which is one of the three largest rivers in southern India by Karad. The river is small and is slow-flowing.
 Waldo Lake is a lake in the Cascade Mountains of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is the second largest natural non-alkali lake in Oregon with more than 10 square miles (26 km2) of water and a maximum depth of 420 feet (130 m). The lake is named after Oregon politician judge and conservationist John B. Waldo.
 Boreas Pass elevation 11481 ft (3499 m) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States. The pass is located on the continental divide at the crest of the Front Range along the border between Park (south) and Summit counties. The correct pronunciation of the pass name is (Bore-ays).
 The Culișer Canal (Romanian Canalul Culișer Hungarian Köleseț) is an artificial canal starting from the Crişul Negru River upstream of the village of Tăuţ in Romania. Used mainly for irrigation and drainage it crosses the city of Salonta and then flows into Hungary where it joins the Fekete-Körös. The canal intercepts the tributaries of the right bank of the Crișul Negru River.
 The Irodo River is located in northern Madagascar. Its sources are situated in the Ambohitra Massif and flows into the Indian Ocean. Near Sadjoavato it formed the Tsingy Rouge a stone formation of red laterite formed by erosion.
 Tiger Mountain is a mountain in the U.S. state of Washington.
 Boulder-Grand Pass elevation 12077 ft (3681 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado in the United States.
 The Passadumkeag River is a river in Maine.From the confluence of its East Branch and West Branch (45°18′51″N 68°13′18″W) in Maine Township 3 Range 1 NBPP the river runs 48.2 miles (77.6 km) south and west to its mouth on the Penobscot River in Passadumkeag.
 Bullhead Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Mount Wilbur is North of Bullhead Lake.
 Wether Hill is a fell in the English Lake District between Martindale and Haweswater. It lies on the main north-south ridge of the Far Eastern Fells between Loadpot Hill and High Raise. Lesser ridges also radiate out to the east and north-west.
 The Eminescu quadrangle (H-9) is one of fifteen quadrangles on Mercury. It runs from 216 to 288° longitude and from -25 to 25° latitude. Named after the Eminescu crater it was mapped in detail for the first time after MESSENGER entered orbit around Mercury in 2011. It had not been mapped prior to that point because it was one of the six quadrangles that wasn't illuminated when Mariner 10 made its flybys in 1974 and 1975.
 The Ford River is a 108-mile-long (174 km) tributary of Lake Michigan on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States.
 Mount Hombori (Hombori Tondo) is a mountain in Mali's Mopti Region near the town of Hombori. At 1153 meters it is the highest point in Mali.Mount Hombori is a significant archaeological site with caves inhabited more than 2000 years ago.Images from Hombori:- Mount Hombori: [1]- Main de Fatima: [2]
 Mount Pluto is an extinct volcano in the Granite Chief Range near Lake Tahoe California. The volcano erupted approximately 2 million years ago producing lava and mudflows that dammed Lake Tahoe. The Northstar California ski resort covers part of the 8617 ft (2626 m) high peak.
 The Croce Domini Pass (Italian: Passo di Crocedomini) (el. 1892 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the region of Lombardy in Italy.It connects the Lago d'Idro in the southeast and the Lago d'Iseo in the southwest.The pass road has a maximum grade of 12 percent and is paved from Breno to Bagolino. The pass is closed from November to May.
 Boulder Glacier is located in the U.S. state of Montana in Glacier National Park (U.S.). The glacier is situated to the north of Boulder Peak and west of the Continental Divide. Between 1966 and 2005 Boulder Glacier lost more than 75 percent of its surface area.
 Carpenter is a lunar impact crater in the northern part of the Moon relatively close to the limb. At this position the crater is foreshortened and appears oval in shape. It is however very nearly circular in outline. The outer rampart to the south is adjoined to the old crater Anaximander and the satellite formation Anaximander B lies along the western rim.
 Brenibba is a nunatak protruding from the north end of the Jostedalsbreen glacier in the Breheimen mountain range. It is located in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. Brenibba is 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) south of Lodalskåpa and 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) northeast of Høgste Breakulen. It is part of the Jostedalsbreen National Park. The lakes Austdalsvatnet and Styggevatnet are located 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) west of Brenibba.
 Mount Hopkins is in the John Muir Wilderness north of Kings Canyon National Park. It is one of four peaks that surround Pioneer Basin 1.4 miles (2.3 km) south-southeast of Mount Crocker 2 miles (3.2 km) west-southwest of Mount Huntington and 2 miles (3.2 km) southwest of Mount Stanford. The mountain was named for Mark Hopkins one of the builders of the Central Pacific Railroad.
 Doré Lake is a lake of Saskatchewan in the basin of the Beaver River (Canada). See also Lake Doré in Ontario. Doré is the Canadian French term for walleye.
 Nesselbach (Lenne) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Follins Pond is a brackish lake located on Cape Cod separating the towns of Dennis Massachusetts and Yarmouth Massachusetts. The lake is connected to Nantucket Sound via the Bass River.
 Rocciamelone (Piemontese: Ròcia-mlon French: Rochemelon or Roche Melon) is a 3538 m high mountain in Piedmont near the border between Italy and France.
 Peterskopf is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Cairnpapple Hill is a hill with a dominating position in central lowland Scotland with views from coast to coast. It is about 1 mile north of the town of Bathgate. It was used and re-used as a major ritual site over about 4000 years and in its day would have been comparable to better known sites like the Standing Stones of Stenness. The summit lies 312 m above sea level and is about 2 miles (3 km) north of Bathgate.
 Ilvetjørnhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Pyroclastic Peak is the second highest of the five named volcanic peaks immediately south of Mount Cayley in British Columbia Canada. It is steep and rotten and is located 12 km (7 mi) southwest of Callaghan Lake and 24 km (15 mi) west of Whistler. It is part of the Pacific Ring of Fire that includes over 160 active volcanoes.On the south ridge of Pyroclastic Peak is a feature known as The Vulcan's Thumb which remains unclimbed because of the looseness of the rock.
 The Lô River (Clear River Vietnamese: sông Lô) is a major river of Vietnam. It flows through Hà Giang Province Tuyên Quang Province and Phú Thọ Province for 470 kilometres and has a basin area of 39000 km² and originates in Yunnan China.
 Jevišovka is a river in the Czech Republic the left tributary of the Dyje River. It originates in the Bohemian-Moravian Highlands (Českomoravská vrchovina) upland at the elevation of 602 m and flows for 81.7 km to Jevišovka where it enters the Dyje River.It flows through Častohostice Blížkovice Grešlové Mýto Boskovštejn Střelice Jevišovice Černín Vevčice Plaveč Výrovice Tvořihráz Borotice Hrušovany nad Jevišovkou and Jevišovka. The Výrovice Dam is constructed on the river.
 Mount Anne is a mountain in the Southwest National Park in Tasmania Australia. It is within the UNESCO World Heritage listed Tasmanian Wilderness.Mount Anne is the nineteenth highest mountain in Tasmania but the highest in south-west Tasmania adding to its appearance of prominence. It dominates the area surrounding Lake Pedder. Although a primarily dolerite structure it has a large sub-structure of dolomite which contains an extensive cave system.
 The Chidera River is a tributary of the Tărcăița River in Romania.
 The Chesterfield Canal is in the north of England and it is known locally as 'Cuckoo Dyke'. It was opened in 1777 and ran 46 miles (74 km) from the River Trent at West Stockwith Nottinghamshire to Chesterfield Derbyshire. It is currently only navigable as far as Kiveton Park near Rotherham South Yorkshire plus an isolated section near Chesterfield.The canal was built to export coal limestone and lead from Derbyshire iron from Chesterfield and corn deals timber groceries etc.
 Falls Lake is a 12410 acre (50 km²) reservoir located in Durham Wake and Granville counties in North Carolina USA. Falls Lake extends 28 miles (45 km) up the Neuse River to its source at the confluence of the Eno Little and Flat rivers.The lake is named for the Falls of the Neuse a section of the Neuse River that falls from the Piedmont into the lower Coastal Plain and which is now submerged under the lake.
 Mount Hunter or Begguya is a mountain in Denali National Park in Alaska. It is approximately eight miles (thirteen km) south of Mount McKinley or Denali the highest peak in North America. Begguya means child (of Denali) in the Dena'ina language. Mount Hunter is the third highest major peak in the Alaska Range.Mount Hunter has a complex structure: it is topped by a large low-angled glacier plateau connecting the North (Main) Summit and the South Summit (13965 feet/4257 m).
 The Odverem River is a tributary of the Hopârta River in Romania.
 Pühajärv (Holy lake) is a lake of Estonia near the town of Otepää. The Väike Emajõgi river flows out of the lake.
 The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters Cracul Mare and Cracul Mic
 Pointe des Buffettes is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3233 metres above sea level.
 The MacIntyre Mountains or MacIntyre Range is a range of mountains in the High Peaks region of the Adirondacks due west of Mount Marcy in northeastern New York State. The range runs 8 miles (13 km) from southwest to northeast. Its sheer southwest slope makes up one side of Indian Pass and a northeastern spur forms the cliffs of Avalanche Pass.The range includes Iroquois Mount Marshall Wright and Algonquin the second highest peak in the state.
 Mount Williamson at 14389 feet (4386 m) is the second highest mountain in both the Sierra Nevada range and the state of California. It is the sixth highest peak in the contiguous United States.
 The Cesano is a river forming the border between the provinces of Pesaro e Urbino and Ancona in the Marche region of Italy. Rising from the Monte Catria it flows for 62 km until reaching the Adriatic Sea near Senigallia.In Roman times the Cesano was known as Suasanus since it passed through the city of Suasa.Under the river's bed a petrified forest of 50000 years ago has been discovered.
 The Bremer River is a sub-catchment of the Brisbane River. The Bremer river drains several Scenic Rim valleys in south-east Queensland including the Fassifern Valley. The river was discovered in 1824 by John Oxley and Allan Cunningham.This river and its tributaries cover an area of approximately 2032 km². Most valleys within the catchment have extensive river terraces.
 The Dove is a small cirque glacier or perennial snowfield located in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado. The Dove is on the north slope of Longs Peak and near The Keyhole which is along a popular climbing route to the summit.
 Vachagan (Armenian: Վաչագան) is a river in the southern Syunik Province of Armenia. The river has a length of 5 km and flows through the town of Kapan. It is a tributary of the Voghji River. Its origin is at the northern edge of Mount Khustup in the Syunik Mountains range. It has a basin of 35 km².
 The Valea Cohului River or Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 The Shaw River is an ephemeral river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise below the Chichester Range near Emu Springs and flow in northerly direction through Hillside. The river is braided and has many islands in the riverbed including Long Island and Rocky Island.
 Støylsdalsnutene is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway.
 Lohnder Bach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Șcheiu River is a river intercepted by the Canalul Timiș (Timiș Canal) in the city of Braşov Romania. The upper reach of the river upstream of Brașov is also known as the Oabăn River. The lower reach of the river was channelized so as to flow along the walls of the medieval city contributing to the defenses of the city; this reach is also known as the Graft River or Graft Canal.
 The White Horse Mountains are a mountain range in Harney County Oregon. White Horse Mountains climbs to 4616 feet (1406.96 meters) above sea level.
 Lake Taymyr (Russian: Таймы́р Таймы́рское о́зеро) is a lake of the central regions of the Taymyr Peninsula in Krasnoyarsk Krai Russian Federation. It is located south of the Byrranga Mountains.Lake Taymyr is large with a length of 165 km roughly east-to-west. It has an irregular shape with many arms projecting in different directions that cover a wide region.
 Posidonius is a lunar impact crater that is located on the north-eastern edge of Mare Serenitatis to the south of Lacus Somniorum. The crater Chacornac is attached to the southeast rim and to the north is Daniell.The rim of Posidonius is shallow and obscured especially on the western edge and the interior has been overlain by a lava flow in the past.
 The North Fork Big Thompson River is a 22.7-mile-long (36.5 km) tributary of the Big Thompson River in Larimer County Colorado. The river's source is Rowe Glacier on the north slope of Hagues Peak in the Mummy Range of Rocky Mountain National Park. It flows through Lake Dunraven over Lost Falls and through Glen Haven before a confluence with the Big Thompson in Drake.
 The Macquarie River in Tasmania rises near Lake Leake flowing south and then north-west and through the town of Ross before flowing into the South Esk River near Longford. The Elizabeth Isis and Lake rivers are tributaries.
 The Caxixa River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Laurel Hill also known as Laurel Ridge or Laurel Mountain is a 70-mile (110 km) long mountain in Pennsylvania's Allegheny Mountains. This ridge is flanked by Negro Mountain to its east and Chestnut Ridge to its west. The mountain is home to six State Parks; Laurel Ridge State Park Laurel Mountain State Park Linn Run State Park Kooser State Park Laurel Hill State Park and the Ohiopyle State Park.
 The Dischmabach is a river of approximately 15 km long in the river system of Albula. It drains the Dischma valley its catchment area lies mainly in the area of the Swiss municipality of Davos.The source Dischmabach has two equal headwaters. The one on the National Map of Switzerland is a creek without a registered name and has its headwaters in the area of the Scaletta Pass (46°41′35.76″N 9°55′30.83″E).
 Bützower See is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 0.3 m its surface area is 0.98 km².
 Ossokmanuan Lake is a reservoir lake in western Labrador Newfoundland and Labrador Canada.
 The Ogașu Pepinierii is a tributary of the Sohodol River in Romania.
 Yellowstone National Park located primarily in the U.S. state of Wyoming though the park also extends into Montana and Idaho and its Mountains and Mountain Ranges are part of the Rocky Mountains. There are at least 70 named mountain peaks over 8000 feet (2400 m) in Yellowstone in four mountain ranges. Two of the ranges—The Washburn Range and the Red Mountains—are minor and completely enclosed within park boundaries.
 The Sado River (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈsaðu]) is a river in Southern Portugal; it is one of the major rivers in the country.
 National grid reference NR36924866Leorin Loch is of the impounding variety located 2.5 kilometres north of Port Ellen and is one of a group of three lochs supplying water to the island. The earthfill dam is 1.5 metres high.
 The Bakossi Mountains are a mountain range that forms part of the Cameroon line of active and extinct volcanoes in western Cameroon covering about 230000 square kilometres (89000 sq mi).The mountains lie in the regions of Littoral and the Southwest.The highest peak in this range is Mount Kupe at 2064 metres (6772 ft). They contain a large area of cloud forest and have considerable ecological interest.
 The Aporé River (Portuguese Rio Aporé also called Rio do Peixe) is a river forming the border between Goiás and Mato Grosso do Sul states in central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paranaíba River which it enters in the reservoir created by Ilha Solteira Dam on the Paraná River.
 Lake Agali is a lake in Estonia.
 Whoap is a hill located near the western edge of the English Lake District standing at 511 m. It is part of the Lank Rigg group and is separated from this fell by an unnamed col. Whoap is not listed as a Wainwright although it is briefly mentioned in the chapters for Lank Rigg and Crag Fell in Volume 7: The Western Fells.
 Rough Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trails 647 and 616.Rough Lake is north of the Casino Lakes and Garland Lakes and west of Lookout Mountain.
 Lake Doré is a freshwater lake in the township of North Algona-Wilberforce Renfrew County Ontario Canada about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north of the community of Eganville in the neighbouring township of Bonnechere Valley. It is the largest inland freshwater lake in the world without an island.
 Krebsbach (Haferbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Vaikkojoki River is a 50 km long river which is located in provinces of Northern Karelia and Northern Savonia.The waters of Vaikkojoki River flows from Lake Vaikkojärvi to Lake Kaavinjärvi from the municipality of Juuka to municipality of Kaavi. The elevation difference of the river is more than 60 metres. There are 27 rapids in Vaikkojoki River.
 The Sărișorul Mare River is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 Red Rock Reserve is a major volcanic site made up of several large maar craters some of which are intermittently filled by lakes. It is situated in Victoria Australia about ten kilometres north of Colac.
 The West River is a river in the Whitefish River and Lake Huron drainage basins in southwestern Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario Canada.
 The Walker River New Zealand is a river in Southland New Zealand. It rises near Cleughearn Peak and flows eastward into Lake Monowai.
 Piz Scalotta is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps located west of Bivio in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Surparé.
 The Daia River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 Keyport Harbor is an arm of Raritan Bay located on the south side of the bay. Streams flowing into Keyport Harbor include Matawan Creek Luppatatong Creek and Chingarora Creek.An earlier name for Keyport Harbor is Brown's Point Cove.
 Hahneberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Teles Pires (Portuguese: Rio São Manuel) is a 1370 km long river in Brasil.The river flows through the state of Mato Grosso and its lower part is border between states Mato Grosso and Pará. At its mouth it joins Juruena River and together they form the Tapajós which is one of the biggest tributaries of the Amazon RiverThe most important settlement along the river is Alta Floresta.
 Hornberg (Frankenhöhe) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Digul (Dutch: Digoel) is a major river in southern Papua province Indonesia on the island of New Guinea. The swamplands upstream were known by the name Boven Digul (Above the Digul in Dutch) and hosted a penal colony at Tanahmerah (Red Earth) in the early 20th century when Indonesia was a colony of Holland.
 Holtebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 For other uses see Alz (disambiguation)The Alz is a river in Bavaria southern Germany the only discharge of the Chiemsee. Its origin is on the northern shore near Seebruck. It is a right tributary of the Inn into which it flows in Marktl. Other towns on the Alz are Altenmarkt an der Alz Trostberg Garching an der Alz and Burgkirchen an der Alz.The Alz is divided into the Obere Alz (upper Alz) and the Untere Alz (lower Alz).
 The Valea Dracului River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Jakseongsan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 846 metres.
 Brădişor Dam is a large hydroelectric dam on the Lotru River situated in Romania.The project was started and finished in the 1980s and it was made up by the construction of a rockfill with a clay core dam 30 metres (98 ft) high which was equipped with two vertical turbines Brădişor Hydro Power Plant having an installed capacity of 115 MW. The dam generates 223 GWh of electricity per year.
 Mount Cokely formerly known as The Hump and at times misspelled in some sources as Mount Copely and Mount Coakely is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 16 km (10 mi) east of Port Alberni and 2 km (1 mi) north of Mount Arrowsmith. The peak was named for Sterling Cokely (1884–1956) a British Columbia Land Surveyor.
 The Hargrave River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Northern Manitoba Canada. Its flows from its source at Hargrave Lake to its mouth at Hill Lake as a left tributary of the Minago River which flows via the Nelson River to Hudson Bay.
 Vuolep Sårjåsjávrre is a lake which lies on the border between Norway and Sweden. The western part lies in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway and the eastern part lies in Jokkmokk Norrbotten county Sweden. The 7.17-square-kilometre (2.77 sq mi) lake lies just to the east of the large Blåmannsisen glacier.
 Käferberg (el. 571 metres (1873 ft)) and Waidberg (el. 601 metres (1972 ft)) are the summits of a wooded mountain respectively chain of hills overlooking the inner city of Zurich Lake Zurich Albis chain and Uetliberg as well as the Limmat Valley and the Zürcher Unterland in Switzerland.
 Chinit River (alternates: Stung Chinit or Stoeng Chinith) is a river of Cambodia. Located in Kampong Thom Province it is a major tributary of the Tonlé Sap Lake (Great Lake) which joins the Tonlé Sap River at the downstream end in the larger Mekong basin. Somewhat unusually the river is looped back into the same river system which accounts for its length of 264 kilometres leaving Tonlé Sap lake and entering its river again downstream.
 Lac Courte Oreilles /ləˈkuːdəreɪ/ is a large freshwater lake located in north west Wisconsin in Sawyer County in townships 39 and 40 north ranges 8 and 9 west. It is irregular in shape having numerous peninsulas and bays being approximately six miles long in a southwest to northeast direction and with a maximum width of about two miles (3 km). Lac Courte Oreilles is 5039 acres (20.39 km2) in size with a maximum depth of 90 feet (27 m) and a shoreline of 25.4 miles (40.9 km).
 Monte Cevedale is a mountain at the border of the Lombardy and Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol regions in Italy. The southern summit (3769 m) is the highest mountain of Trentino province while three provinces Sondrio South Tyrol and Trentino meet on the northern summit (3757 m) known as Cima Cevedale or Zufallspitze.
 The Valea Băieșilor River or Pârâul Băieșilor is a tributary of the Acmariu River in Romania.
 The Lopburi River (Thai: แม่น้ำลพบุรี RTGS: Maenam Lop Buri Thai pronunciation: [mɛ̂ːnáːm lóp buriː]) is a tributary of the Chao Phraya River in central Thailand. It splits from the Chao Phraya river at Tambon Bang Phutsa Singburi. Passing through Tha Wung district and the town of Lopburi it enters the Chao Phraya together with the Pa Sak River at the town of Ayutthaya. It is about 95 kilometres long.
 Saganaga Lake is a large lake on the Minnesota – Ontario international border.
 The Strâmtosu River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 Arkenberger Baggersee is a lake in Berlin Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 13 ha.
 Q'inququcha (Quechua q'inqu zig-zag qucha lake zig-zag lake hispanicized spelling Quengococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cajamarca Region Cajabamba Province Cajabamba District in the east of the Cajabamba District. Q'inququcha lies southeast of the lake Yawarqucha.
 Lago del Zött is a reservoir in the canton of Ticino Switzerland with a surface area of 0.13 km². Its 36 m arch dam was completed in 1967 and holds a volume of 1.65 mio m³.
 Port de la Bonaigua (el. 2072 m.) is a mountain pass in the Pyrenees in Catalonia Spain. It connects Esterri d'Àneu in the comarca of Pallars Sobirà with Vielha e Mijaran in the comarca of Val d'Aran.
 Boyd Lake is a lake of Victoria County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Big Timothy Mountain formerly called Boss Mountain and Takomkane Mountain is a cinder cone in central British Columbia Canada located 9 km (6 mi) west of Hendrix Lake and 39 km (24 mi) southwest of Mount Perseus.
 The Yoho River is a silty swift tributary of the Kicking Horse River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The river is located entirely within Yoho National Park.
 Mount Sedgwick is a mountain in the West Coast Range West Coast Tasmania.It lies in line behind Mount Lyell in views from high points in Queenstown and from the roads leading out to Strahan and Zeehan. Bands of the pink and grey coloured conglomerate show strikingly on its south west slopes.
 D'Arrest is a lunar crater that is located in the lava-flooded region to the west of the Mare Tranquillitatis. It lies to the southeast of the crater Agrippa and northwest of Delambre. Just to the northeast are the small bowl-shaped craters De Morgan and Cayley.The outer rim of D'Arrest is broken in several places with a gash at the south end and a wide gap to the northeast where only a low ridge remains in place of the original wall.
 Fish Creek is a tributary of the Big Thompson River in Larimer County Colorado. The stream's source is Lily Lake in Roosevelt National Forest. It flows northeast to a confluence with the Big Thompson in Lake Estes.
 The Vlčí hora (German: Wolfsberg 581 m) is one of the most prominent peaks in the lowlands of the Šluknov Hook (Šluknovsko) in the Czech Republic.
 Retschenbach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Janq'u Uma (Aymara: Janq'u Uma: white water hispanicized spellings Ancohuma Jankho Uma Jankhouma Janq'uma) is the third highest mountain in Bolivia (after Sajama and Illimani). It is located in the northern section of the Cordillera Real part of the Andes east of Lake Titicaca. It lies just south of the slightly lower Illampu near the town of Sorata.Despite being higher than Illampu Janq'u Uma is a gentler peak with less local relief and it is a somewhat easier climb.
 Hiltruper See is a lake in Münsterland North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 58 m its surface area is 15.8 ha.
 The Murdock River (French: Rivière Murdock) is a river in Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is in the Lake Huron drainage basin and is a right tributary of the French River.
 The Diabase Hills are a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada.
 The Umgeni River or Mgeni River (Zulu: Mngeni; Afrikaans: Umgenirivier) is a river in KwaZulu-Natal South Africa. It rises in the Dargle in the KZN midlands and its mouth is at Durban some distance north of Durban's natural harbour. The name is taken to mean place of the Acacia trees in Zulu though other meanings have been proposed.The river is approximately 232 km long with a catchment area of 4432 km². The Howick Falls are some famous waterfalls on the Mngeni.
 Mount Parnassus (/pɑrˈnæsəs/; Greek: Παρνασσός Parnassos) is a mountain of limestone in central Greece that towers above Delphi north of the Gulf of Corinth and offers scenic views of the surrounding olive groves and countryside. According to Greek mythology this mountain was sacred to Apollo and the Corycian nymphs and the home of the Muses. The mountain was also favored by the Dorians. There is a theory that Parna- derived from the same root as the word in Luwian meaning House.
 The Meda River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The river is formed when the Lennard River splits into two channels just north of Mount Marmion the other channel being the May River. Continuing to flow westward the river eventually discharges into Stokes Bay King Sound which is north-east of Derby.The river was named in 1881 by a pioneer of the area George Julius Brockman during an expedition in the Kimberley area.
 The Middle Level Navigations are a network of waterways in England primarily used for land drainage which lie in The Fens between the Rivers Nene and Great Ouse and between the cities of Peterborough and Cambridge. Most of the area through which they run is at or below sea level and attempts to protect it from inundation have been carried out since 1480.
 Hydon's Ball is a 587 feet (179 m) hill covering most of Hydon Heath Hydestile Surrey England
 Gunsight Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. No trails lead to lake but it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 680.Gunsight Lake is just southeast of the Chinese Wall and in the same basin as Dike Quartzite and Tin Cup Lakes.
 Fissile Peak formerly known as Red Mountain is a mountain peak located on the eastern side of Cheakamus Lake southeast of Whistler in Garibaldi Provincial Park of British Columbia Canada. The mountain is composed of red slate which is easily divided into thin sheets of uniform thickness; in geological terms this feature is known as fissility.
 The Ghar-e-Roodafshan cave is located in Roodafshan valley Tehran Province Iran.Since 2003 the Verein für Höhlenkunde in Obersteier (Austria) with the Khaneye Koohnavardan-e-Tehran (Iran) has been surveying Ghar-e-Roodafshan. (2003-2005)The length of this spacious cave is 1502 m with a vertical distance of -90.6 m. The Roodafshan Entrance Hall with 168 m length 94 m width 40 m high and 11395 m2 floor area is presently the second biggest documented cave chamber in Iran.
 The Haulover Canal is a waterway north of Merritt Island Florida near the former site of Allenhurst that connects Mosquito Lagoon with the Indian River and is part of the Intracoastal Waterway.In the early 1960s there were plans to relocate the canal further north near the junction of US 1 and Courtenay Parkway but by 1964 when the new Haulover Canal Bridge was constructed these plans had been shelved.
 Sura (Russian: Сура́ Chuvash: Сăр) is a river in Russia a right tributary of the Volga River. It flows through Penza Oblast Mordovia Ulyanovsk Oblast Chuvashia and Nizhny Novgorod Oblast. Its length is 841 km it is navigable for 394 km from the mouth.The city of Penza and smaller towns Alatyr Shumerlya Yadrin lie along the Sura. At the confluence with the Volga there is a settlement of Vasilsursk.The principal confluents of the Sura are Penza River Pyana River and Alatyr River.
 The Vytegra (Russian: Вытегра) is a river in Vytegorsky District of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It nominally flows out of Lake Matkozero and is a tributary of Lake Onega. It is 64-kilometer (40 mi) long and the area of its basin 1670 square kilometers (640 sq mi). The principal tributary is the Tagazhma River (left).The river is a part of the Volga-Baltic Waterway. When the canal was under construction Lake Matkozero was used to deposit the soil and it does not exist anymore.
 The Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 The Lion is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the North West end of the Frankland Range jutting out towards the East from the range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is directly South of The Cupola and North of The Citadel.
 Mount Lurus is a complex volcano located along the northern coast of East Java Indonesia. The volcano has produced leucite-bearing rocks with andesitic and trachytic composition.
 The Curtuiușu River is a tributary of the Bârsău River in Romania.
 La Honda Creek is a small river in San Mateo County California and is a tributary of San Gregorio Creek.It flows about 7 miles (11 km) from its source (37°23′32″N 122°17′30″W) near Bear Gulch Road and Skyline Boulevard (CA 35) to its confluence with Alpine Creek to form San Gregorio Creek in La Honda.California State Route 84 (CA 84) follows the valley of the creek from Sky Londa to San Gregorio. A large part of the creek's upper watershed is in La Honda Creek Open Space Preserve.
 Lost Lake is a lake located in the town of St. Germain in Vilas County Wisconsin United States. It is 544 acres (2.20 km2) in size and has a maximum depth of 22 feet (6.7 m).
 Ctesibius is a small lunar impact crater that is located near the equator on the far side of the Moon. It lies between the larger crater Abul Wáfa to the west and the slightly smaller Heron to the east.The outer wall of Ctesibius is wide and sharp-edged with little erosion. A low ridge is attached to the southern rim and curves to the south-southeast. At the center of the relatively flat interior is a low ridge.
 Khumbutse (Chinese: 坤布崎峰; pinyin: Kūnbùzī Fēng) is the first mountain west (6 km) of Mount Everest. It lies at the border between Nepal and China.
 The Valea Răchițelii River or Răchițele River is a tributary of the Govăjdia river in Romania.
 The Joes River is a river of Barbados.
 The River Medway is a river in South East England. It rises in the High Weald Sussex and flows through Tonbridge Maidstone and the Medway conurbation in Kent before emptying into the Thames Estuary near Sheerness a total distance of 70 miles (113 km). About 13 miles (21 km) of the river lies in Sussex with the remainder being in Kent.It has a catchment area of 930 square miles (2409 km2) the largest in southern England.
 The Chinteni River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Frischebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Finsevatnet is a lake in the municipality of Ulvik in Hordaland county Norway.
 Chip Lake is a large lake in west-central Alberta. The Lobstick River flows through the lake. It in turn is a tributary of the Pembina River which eventually flows into the Athabasca River.Poison Creek flows into the north-west corner of Chip Lake. It drains Beta Lake and Sunset Lake. Prior to entering Chip Lake the Lobstick River takes on Brule and Little Brule Creeks.The Yellowhead passes along the south shore of Chip Lake.
 The Auvézère (Occitan dialect: Auvesera) is a 112 km long river in the regions Limousin and Aquitaine France. It is a tributary of the river Isle which is itself a tributary of the Dordogne.
 Mount Spokane (elevation 5883 feet or 1793 metres) is a mountain located northeast of Spokane Washington. Its summit is the highest point in Spokane County and it is one of the tallest peaks in the Inland Northwest.
 The Curmătura River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Fierarul River is a tributary of the Galaț River in Romania.
 Goodacre is a lunar impact crater. It is located in the rugged southern highlands on the Moon's near side and is attached to the north-northeastern part of the exterior of Gemma Frisius a heavily worn and much larger formation. About two crater diameters to the north of Goodacre lies Pontanus.The outer rim of this crater formation has become eroded by smaller impacts and is heavily damaged along the southern side.
 Hell Gate (a corruption of the Dutch phrase Hellegat which could mean either bright strait or clear opening) is a narrow tidal strait in the East River in New York City in the US. It separates Astoria Queens from Randall's and Wards Islands (formerly two separate islands now joined by landfill).
 Wilson Lake is a reservoir in the U.S. state of Kansas on the border of Russell County and Lincoln County. It is formed by the 130 ft (40 m) high Wilson Dam on the Saline River. The dam was built in 1964 for flood control. The lake’s maximum capacity is 736000 acre feet (908000000 m3).
 Holstenau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Altenberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Michincha is a stratovolcano on the border of Bolivia and Chile. It is part of an east-west trending ridge of stratovolcanoes. To its east lies Olca. The only historical activity from the complex was a flank eruption from 1865-1867.
 The Gherestău River is a tributary of the Timișana River in Romania.
 The Tulburea River is a tributary of the Mara River in Romania.
 Brashear Crater is an impact crater in the Thaumasia quadrangle of Mars located at 54.14 S and 119.03 W. It is 77.45 km in diameter and was named after John A. Brashear (1840–1920) an American astronomer. The name was approved in 1973.
 Saskatoon Lake is a lake in Alberta.Saskatoon Island Provincial Park is located on a former island of the lake which now connects the western and eastern shores following a drop in the lake's water level.The lake is designated as a federal migratory bird sanctuary.
 The Santa Maria River (San Luis Potosi) is a river of Mexico.
 The Turimawiwi River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest from the Wakamarama Range 40 kilometres southwest of Cape Farewell.
 The Ogașu Odăilor is a tributary of the Ducin River in Romania.
 Puracé is a stratovolcano located in the Puracé National Natural Park in the Cauca Department Colombia. It is one of the most active volcanoes in Colombia. Large explosive eruptions occurred in 1849 1869 and 1885 and the latest eruption was in 1977.
 The Waitoa River is a major river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows initially northeast from its origins at Piarere (north of Lake Karapiro) before veering north through the Hinurea Flats to pass to the west of Matamata Walton and Waharoa before running through the settlement of Waitoa and reaching the southern edge of the Hauraki Plains. It converges with the Piako River in the Kopuatai Peat Dome wetland approximately 15 kilometres north of Morrinsville.
 Croaghaun (Irish: Cruachán) is a mountain in County Mayo Ireland. At 688 metres (2257 ft) it has the highest sea cliffs in Ireland and Great Britain as well as the third highest sea cliffs in Europe (after Hornelen Norway and Cape Enniberg Faroe Islands).Croaghaun is the most westerly peak of Achill Island and its highest mountain. Its cliffs lie on the northern slope of the mountain.
 Urataman (Russian: Уратаман) is a somma volcano located at the northern end of Simushir Island Kuril Islands Russia. It overlooks the Brouton Bay which is contained within the crater. The volcano consists of a Pleistocene caldera which contains an andesite cone of Holocene age.
 The Bella River (Râul Bella Romanian) is a tributary of the Caşin River in Romania.
 The Radna River ( Hungarian: Radna-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Jabal Janubi is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Do Amola Faca River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Maharloo Lake (Persian: دریاچه مهارلو‎) is a salt lake located 27 kilometres southeast of Shiraz Iran.
 The Ibirapuitã Chico River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The La Loma Hills are a low mountain range in the Perris Block of the Peninsular Ranges System in southern California.They are located just north of Riverside in extreme southwestern San Bernardino County.
 The Cordillera de Talamanca is a mountain range that lies on the border between Costa Rica and Panama. Much of the range and the area around it is included in the La Amistad International Park which also is shared between the two countries.
 The Sawtooth Range is part of the Rocky Mountains located within a few miles of Stanley Idaho in the Western United States. Much of mountain range is within the Sawtooth Wilderness part of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.
 The Keriya River is a river in the province of Xinjiang in China. It flows for 519 km (322 mi) from the Kunlun Shan mountain range north into the endorheic Tarim Basin but is lost in the desert several hundred kilometers south of the Tarim River. The only major settlement along the river is Keriya Town east of Hotan. The river is an important source of irrigation water and also supplies historically important oases along its course.
 Noeumsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 729 metres.
 Selwyn Lake is a lake of the Northwest Territories and Saskatchewan Canada.
 The Abulog is the 9th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of watershed size. It has an estimated drainage area of 3372 square kilometres (1302 sq mi) and a length of 175 kilometres (109 mi) from its source in the mountains of Kalinga in the Cordillera Administrative Region. More than 90% of the drainage area of the river is located in Kalinga province while the remaining is in Cagayan province.
 Emba Soira (also transliterated Sowera) is the highest mountain in Eritrea. Rising 3018 metres (9902 ft) above sea level it is part of the Eritrean Highlands one side of the Great Rift Valley which cuts through Eritrea and joins the Red Sea. The mountain is situated in the southeastern part of the Debub (Southern) administrative region in central Eritrea.Emba Soira is reached by a paved road from the city of Senafe located 135 kilometres south of the national capital Asmara.
 The Stapenberg is a 443 metre high hill spur in the Harz Mountains of central Germany in Harz district in the federal state of Saxony-Anhalt.
 The Totes Gebirge is a group of mountains in Austria part of the Northern Limestone Alps lying between the Salzkammergut and the Ennstaler Alpen. The name Totes Gebirge is derived from the German words tot meaning dead referring to the apparent lack of vegetation and Gebirge meaning mountain range. The area is a large karstic plateau with steep sides and several mountain peaks above 2000 m. The highest point is the summit of Großer Priel at 2515 metres (8251 ft)
 The Cristești River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Seaview Range part of the Great Dividing Range is a mountain range west of Ingham in North Queensland Australia. Much of the range is covered by rainforest and parts of it are protected in the Girringun National Park and the Wet Tropics of Queensland world heritage area.The range is the headwaters for the Burdekin River the Herbert River and contains Wallaman Falls.
 Eimhjellevatnet or Emhjellevatnet (also known as Storfjorden) is a lake in Hyen area of Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 11.39-square-kilometre (4.40 sq mi) lake is located in the western part of the municipality near the border with Flora Municipality. The villages of Eimhjellen and Solheim can be found along its shore and the village of Straume lies about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) to the north.
 The Cerro Rabo de Mico is the highest mountain of the Cerros de Escazú Costa Rica with 2428 m (7966 ft). Rabo de mico means literally 'monkey tail' although this denomination probably comes from a tree fern that is locally called like that.
 Camphill Lake Hubley is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Cotuş River ( Hungarian: Csejd Csejd-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Busåsen is a mountain of Akershus Norway.
 Winnemucca Mountain is a mountain near the city of Winnemucca Nevada in southern Humboldt County. It is considered to be the southernmost named summit of the Santa Rosa Range. A paved road ascends to radio facilities on the summit.
 Mount Lola is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada of California. Its summit located north of Donner Pass and Interstate 80 is the highest point in Nevada County. A subsidiary peak 1.2 miles (1.9 km) north of the main summit is highest point in Sierra County at 8848 feet (2697 m) NAVD 88.The area receives copious snowfall during the winter because of its high elevation.The Mount Lola is named for Lola Montez a famous resident of Nevada County who lived in Grass Valley in the 1850s.
 Sternenweiher is a lake in the municipality of Richterswil Canton of Zurich Switzerland. Its surface area is 2.7 ha.
 Lago Guajataca is a reservoir located between the municipalities of San Sebastián Quebradillas and Isabela in Puerto Rico. This man-made lake was created in 1929. The lake receives flow from the Guajataca River and can be used for fishing. The reservoir provides water to the inhabitants of northwestern Puerto Rico. It is also the location of Camp Guajataca the island's main camping grounds of the Boy Scouts of America.
 Bilgola Creek is an urban gully or open channel that is located in the northern beaches region of Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 The Neportoc River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 The Ghataprabha (kannada ಘಟಪ್ರಭಾ)river is a tributary of the Krishna River and flows in state of Karnataka India.
 Lyderhorn is a mountain in Bergen Norway. It is one of De syv fjell the seven mountains surrounding the city centre and the starting location of Bergen Turlag's annual trip of the mountains. It is located by Liavatnet approximately five kilometers west of the city center. Due to its prominent visibility from the seas it has historically been a navigational mark for sailors.
 The Valdayka (Russian: Валдайка) is a river in Valdaysky District of Novgorod Oblast and in Bologovsky District of Tver Oblast in Russia. It is a tributary of Lake Piros and belongs to the basin of the Msta River. It is 50 kilometres (31 mi) long and the area of its basin 783 square kilometres (302 sq mi). The Valdayka flows over the Valdai Hills and is a part of the waterway from Lake Valdayskoye to Lake Ilmen. The source of the Valdayka is in Lake Uzhin close to the town of Valday.
 The Chirușca Seacă River is a tributary of the Strâmbu River in Romania.
 Eisenberg is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Lake Clearwater is in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand and is subjected to the strong prevailing northwesterly winds. The outlet feeds into the south branch of the Ashburton River / Hakatere. Located in the upper reaches of the Rangitata River a small village of holiday homes also called Lake Clearwater is located between Lake Clearwater and the smaller neighbour Lake Camp.
 The Mușuroaiele River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 The Caonillas River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Doldenhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Kandersteg in the Bernese Oberland. On its northern side is located Lake Oeschinen.
 Les Grandes Otanes are a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif located on the border between Switzerland and France north of the Aiguille du Tour. They overlook the Col de Balme.
 The Teme River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from its sources in rough hill country north of the Awatere River valley to reach the Avon River.
 The Chapelco River is a river of Chile.
 Mount Bogong /ˈboʊɡɒŋ/ located in the Alpine National Park is the highest mountain in Victoria Australia at 1986 metres (6516 ft). The Big River separates the massif of the mountain from the Bogong High Plains to the south. Bogong in the local Aboriginal language means bigfella[citation needed].
 Pali Aru is a river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in northern Vavuniya District near Puliyankulam before flowing north/north-west through Vavuniya District Mullaitivu District and Mannar District. The river empties into Palk Bay. The southern section of the river is sometimes known as Chamalankulam Aru.
 Mount Tento (天都山 Tentozan) is a nationally-designated Place of Scenic Beauty in Abashiri Hokkaido Japan. Rising to a height of 207 metres the mountain commands views over the Sea of Okhotsk Lake Abashiri Lake Notoro Lake Tōfutsu and from afar the Shiretoko Peninsula and Akan Volcanic Complex.
 The Dobrița River is a tributary of the Zam River in Romania.
 The Padina Urșilor River or Valea Urșilor River is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania.
 The Biggera Creek Flood Mitigation Dam is owned by Gold Coast City Council. The height of the dam wall is 15 m.
 The Zlata River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Lănciţa and Dobrunu
 Kayan River is a river of Borneo Indonesia.Tributaries include the Bahau River.
 The Burgumer Mar (Dutch: Bergumermeer) is a lake near the town of Burgum in the Dutch province of Friesland. The lake was formed during the last ice age. It is a popular water sports area with multiple yacht harbours. The Princess Margriet Canal splits the lake into a northern and southern part.Since March 15 2007 the West Frisian name Burgumer Mar is the official name; before that date the Dutch name was the official one).
 Steffen Glacier is a major outlet glacier of the Northern Patagonian Ice Field in Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile. It is the southernmost outlet glacier of the Northern Patagonian Ice Field and ends up in a lagoon from where Huemules River is born.
 The Hikurangi River is a river of Northland New Zealand. A winding stretch of river it can be considered an extension of the Kaikou River being formed from the confluence of this river and the Moengawahine Stream. The Hikurangi flows south past the Pipiwai settlement for several kilometres before flowing into the Mangakahia River 25 kilometres to the west of Whangarei.
 The Sand River (French: Rivière Sand) is a river in the Unorganized North Part of Algoma District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin is a tributary of Lake Superior and its entire course lies within Lake Superior Provincial Park.The river is named after the sand bar formed across its mouth. The Ojibway name for the river is Pinguisibi where pingui means fine white sand and sibi means river.
 Cerro del Azufre (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈsero ðel aˈsufɾe]) is a stratovolcano located in El Loa Province Antofagasta Region Chile. It is part of a chain of volcanoes that separate Upper Loa River basin from Salar de Ascotán basin and is flanked to the west by a dacitic lava dome called Chanka or Pabellón. The 6000 metre volcanoes San Pedro and San Pablo are located to the southwest of Cerro del Azufre.
 The Nilgiri Himal is a range of three peaks in the Annapurna massif in Nepal. It is composed of Nilgiri North (7061 m) Nilgiri Central (6940 m) and Nilgiri South (6839 m).Nilgiri North was first ascended in October 1962 by The Netherlands Himalayan Expedition the team leader was a famous French climber Lionel Terray.The first ascents on Nilgiri South and Nilgiri Central were made by Japan climbers in 1978 and 1979 respectively.
 Sierra Norte de Sevilla or Sierra Norte (Northern Range) is one of the western mountain ranges of the Sierra Morena Andalusia Spain. Its name derives from its location at the northern part of Sevilla Province. The highest point of the range is the 960 m high Cerro de La Capitana.This range gives its name to an administrative comarca in the region the Sierra Norte Comarca as well as to the wine of the area the Vino de la Tierra Sierra Norte de Sevilla.
 Derbyshire Peak (72°31′S 161°6′E) is a small rock peak 4 nautical miles (7 km) north-northeast of Mount Weihaupt in the Outback Nunataks Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1959–64 and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Edward Derbyshire a geologist at McMurdo Station Hut Point Peninsula Ross Island 1966–67.
 Kidston Lake is a lake in the Spryfield area of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. An area along its eastern shore has been made into a municipal park with artificial sand beaches and a lifeguard in the summer months. It is a popular swimming destination and offers a good swim from the beach to two rock formations called Breadloaf and the Whale's Back.
 Limarí River is a river of Chile located in the Coquimbo Region. The river is formed at the confluence of the Hurtado and Grande rivers about 4 km east of the city of Ovalle. The lower course of the river borders the southern portion of Bosque de Fray Jorge National Park.
 The Re di Anfo is a stream (or torrente) in the Province of Brescia Lombardy. Its source is on Cima Meghè and it flows into Lago d'Idro at Anfo on the western side of the lake. Its entire course is contained within the territory of the Commune of Anfo.A short stretch of the river is suitable for the sport of canyoning.
 Mount Pelion East is in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park in Tasmania Australia. It is the sixteenth highest mountain in Tasmania at 1461 metres slightly higher than the better known Frenchmans Cap at 1446 metres. Unlike Mount Pelion West Pelion East is not a massive mountain more pinnacle-like the spire shape having been caused by harsh glacial erosion many thousands of years ago.
 The Laccadive Sea or Lakshadweep Sea (Malayalam: ലക്ഷദ്വീപ കടല്‍) is a body of water bordering India (including its Lakshadweep islands) the Maldives and Sri Lanka. It is located to the west of Kerala. This warm sea has a stable water temperature through the year and is rich in marine life with the Gulf of Mannar alone hosting about 3600 species.
 Dennys Bay is a bay in Washington County Maine.Located between the towns of Pembroke Dennysville and Whiting it extends roughly 5 mi. (8 km) from Dennysville to Cobscook Bay and is 2 mi. (3 km) at its widest.
 The Muereasca River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Ganges or Ganga Canal of Rajasthan is an irrigation system of canals laid down by Maharaja Ganga Singh of Bikaner in his Princely state in the early Nineteenth century in today's district of Sri Ganganagar.
 Bredon Hill is a hill in Worcestershire England south-west of Evesham in the Vale of Evesham. The summit of the hill is in the parish of Kemerton and it extends over parts of eight other parishes (listed below).
 Middle Lake is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mount Halcon or Monte Halcón is a mountain located in the island of Mindoro in the Philippines. Its height of 2586 m (8482 ft) makes it the 18th highest peak in the Philippines. Its slopes have earned it the title to be the most difficult mountain to climb in the country.Mt. Halcon is home to the indigenous Alangan Mangyans.
 Diamond Peak elevation 11285 ft (3440 m) is a summit in Moffat County Colorado. It acquired its name by being a prominent landmark just south of a phony diamond deposit in the diamond hoax of 1872.
 The Procov River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 Sugarloaf Mountain is a mountain located in Greene County New York. The mountain is part of the Devil's Path range of the Catskill Mountains.To the northwest Sugarloaf is separated from Plateau Mountain by Mink Hollow Notch; to the southeast Sugarloaf is separated from Twin Mountain by Pecoy Notch.Sugarloaf Mountain stands within the watershed of the Hudson River which drains into New York Bay. The northeastern slopes of Sugarloaf Mtn.
 The Adour (Basque: Aturri Occitan: Ador) is a river in southwestern France. It rises in High-Bigorre (Pyrenees) at the Col du Tourmalet and flows into the Atlantic Ocean (Bay of Biscay) near Bayonne. It is 324 kilometres (201 mi) long of which the uppermost 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) as the Adour du Tourmalet. At its final stretch i.e. on its way through Bayonne and a short extent upstream the river draws the borderline between the Northern Basque Country and Landes regions.
 Yeguas Reservoir is a reservoir in Montoro province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain.
 The back and forward lakes Stubensee (lit. Lake Stuben in German; Italian: Lago della Stua) are located 2423 m above sea level in the back part of the Pflersch valley which is a left side valley of the Eisacktal. Similar to the Grünsee one has to go by car until Ochsenalm (an alpine pasture) and then travel northwards high up route 6 until the lakes are reached after about four kilometers.
 Bogvatnet (Lule Sami: Tjoamodisjávrre) is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The lake is located inside the Saltfjellet–Svartisen National Park about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of the town of Mo i Rana. The glacial lake is also the headwaters of the Blakkåga river a tributary to the main river Ranelva.
 Belgica Mountains is an isolated chain of mountains about 10 miles (16 km) long standing 60 miles (97 km) east-southeast of the Sor Rondane Mountains in Queen Maud Land in the Antarctic. The chain was discovered by the Belgian Antarctic Expedition (1957-1958) under Gaston de Gerlache and named after the ship Belgica commanded by his father Lt. Adrien de Gerlache leader of the Belgian Antarctic Expedition of 1897-99.
 Smithers Creek is a tributary of the Kanawha River 7 miles (11 km) long in southern West Virginia in the United States. Via the Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 18.1 square miles (47 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 Dow Peak (71°3′S 163°4′E) is a peak located 2 nautical miles (4 km) east-southeast of Mount Sturm in the Bowers Mountains a major mountain range of Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was so named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition to northern Victoria Land 1967–68 for its senior geologist J.A.S. Dow. The peak lies situated on the Pennell Coast a portion of Antarctica lying between Cape Williams and Cape Adare.
 The Delaware Bank is an area of shallow water 20 miles off Galera Point on the east coast of Trinidad to the south of Tobago. The seafloor comes to within six fathoms (11 meters) of the surface making the bank a hazard for shipping.
 Grand Pic de la Lauzière is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Lauzière massif range and has an elevation of 2829 metres above sea level.
 Llyn-y-Foel (lake of the mountain in Welsh) is a lake in Snowdonia Wales. It is approximately 240 m across 120 m wide and up to 2 m deep.
 Shimsha is a river that flows in the state of Karnataka India. It is one of the tributaries of the river Kaveri which is one of the major rivers of South India. The river originates in the southern part of the Devarayanadurga hill in the Tumkur district of Karnataka and flows for about 221 km (137 mi). before joining the river Kaveri.
 Piz Miez (also known as Cimalmotta) is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies west of Lago di Lei on the chain that culminates at Piz Timun.
 The Mocal River is a river in Honduras.
 The Muzza Canal in Lombardy Italy is one of the oldest European irrigation canals excavated between 1220 and 1230 on Imperial decree by Lodi townspeople. It begins in Cassano d'Adda and delivers Adda River water to a wide agricultural area.
 The Ravillou is a 13 km long stream in the Dordogne department France. It is a tributary of the Loue part of the Dordogne basin. The river rises in the commune of Dussac it runs through Saint-Germain-des-Prés and empties into the Loue northwest of Coulaures. In the night of June 13 and 14 2007 a flash flood caused by a storm turned the river Ravillou and its tributary Merdanson into devastating torrents that damaged the town Saint-Germain-des-Prés and the bridge across the Ravillou.
 The El Tambor River is a river of Guatemala.
 Hals Pass (el. 662 m.) is a low mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Lower Austria.It connects the Triesting River valley near Pottenstein with the Piesting River valley near Pernitz.The road was built in 1828.
 The Râul Coman is a headwater of the Schit River in Romania.
 Monte Galbiga is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 1698 metres.
 The Spronser Rötelspitze is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Slesse Creek is a creek in Whatcom County Washington and British Columbia. It is a tributary of the Chilliwack River and is known as Silesia Creek south of the border and Slesse Creek north of it.
 The Barasău River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 Petnja Lake is an artificial lake located 3.5 km from the municipality of Sibinj (Završje) and 7 km north-west of the city of Slavonski Brod Croatia.The lake is surrounded by an ancient Slavonian forest and is called The eye of Dilj. There are also 3 caves in the area and numerous water sources.
 The Yarra River or historically the Yarra Yarra River (Aboriginal: Berrern Birr-arrung Bay-ray-rung Birarang Birrarung and Wongete) is a perennial river in east-central Victoria Australia.The lower stretches of the river is where the city of Melbourne was established in 1835 and today Greater Melbourne dominates and influences the landscape of its lower reaches.
 The Sassalb (also known as Sassalbo) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located in Graubünden Switzerland. The mountain overlooks Poschiavo. The Sassalb lies south of Piz Sena. The border with Italy runs approximately 500 metres east of the summit.
 Puntzi Lake is a lake in the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia. It is located on the western side of the upper Chilcotin River to the northeast of Tatla Lake and is connected to the Chilcotin River via Puntzi Creek of which it is an expansion. The area around the lake has been the setting for many important events in the history of the region.
 The Teufelsgrundbach also Teufelsbach is a tributary of the River Selke in the Lower Harz in Saxony-Anhalt in Germany. The stream flows through the valley of the Teufelsgrund.
 Mount Blue is a mountain in the White Mountains located in Benton New Hampshire. In spite of its height over 4000 feet it is not usually considered one of the four-thousand footers of New Hampshire because its prominence is less than 200 feet making it a sub-peak of Mount Moosilauke.
 Lake Hammar (Arabic: هور الحمّار‎ Hawr al-Ḥammār) is a saline lake in southeastern part of Iraq within the Hammar Marshes. It has an area of 600-1350 km². Water level in the lake fluctuates with maximum depths varying from 1.8 metres (winter) to 3.0 metres (spring). The lake is an important wetland site for birds.
 The Wicomico River is a 13.0-mile-long (20.9 km) tributary of the lower tidal portion of the Potomac River located in the U.S. state of Maryland south of Washington DC. The river empties into the Potomac at Cobb Island and St. Margaret's Island. Its watershed area (excluding water) is 77 square miles (200 km2) with 2% impervious surface in 1994. in Charles St. Mary's and southern Prince George's counties. The lower section of the river forms part of the boundary between Charles and St.
 The Ramena River is a river of northwestern Madagascar in the region of Diana. It has its sources at the Maromokotra and is the main affluent of the Sambirano River.
 Viviani is a small lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon. It is located due west of the prominent crater King and just to the southeast of Katchalsky.This is a roughly circular bowl-shaped crater with a well-defined rim edge and an inner wall that is wider along the southeastern half. A small crater has cut into the southern rim edge and another small crater is attached to the exterior along the east.
 The Dartry Mountains are a range in the north west of Ireland.They are situated mainly on the border of County Sligo and County Leitrim. The name is from the former tribe/kingdom name Dartraige. The range is a large dissected limestone plateau with several named peaks such as Benbulben Benwhiskin and Truskmore. Glaciation has carved the distinctive shapes of this mountain range.
 Mettenbach (Grabenbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Împuțita River or Puturoasa River is a tributary of the Buhalniţa River.
 Niskajärvi is a lake located in Kouvola municipality in Eastern Finland. It is a medium-sized lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Southern Savonia and the municipality of Juva. In Finland there are 10 lakes with the name Niskajärvi. This is the biggest of them.
 Window Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Boulder Mountains in Sawtooth National Recreation Area. While no trails lead to the lake it is most easily accessed from trails 129 or 184.
 Slipher is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northern latitudes on the far side of the Moon. The crater overlies the southwestern outer rim of the much larger walled plain D'Alembert and it occupies a portion of the interior floor of D'Alembert. To the south-southeast is the crater Langevin.Because it overlies D'Alembert Slipher is a younger formation and it has undergone much less erosion. The rim is circular but has a somewhat irregular edge.
 Crag Hill is on the western edge of the Yorkshire Dales in northern England not to be confused with the higher Crag Hill elsewhere in the county of Cumbria. It lies on the boundary of the Yorkshire Dales national park but its summit is in Cumbria. It is part of a ridge including the neighbouring fells of Great Coum and Gragareth.
 Operafjellet (The Opera Mountain) is a mountain on Spitsbergen in Svalbard Norway. It is 968 metres (3176 ft) tall and is located on the north side of Adventdalen. It is named for the amphitheatre-shape of the mountain on the western side with the peak Tenoren (The Tenor) sticking up. On 29 August 1996 it was the site for the crash of Vnukovo Airlines Flight 2801 during approach to Svalbard Airport Longyear killing 141 people.
 Dewar is a lunar crater that lies on the Moon's far side. Less than one crater diameter to the south-southwest is the crater Stratton. Vening Meinesz is a little over one crater diameter to the northwest. The slightly worn rim of this crater is roughly circular with a small outward protrusion along the southern edge. The interior floor is marked by several small impacts along the eastern side.
 Buck Hill is a hill in east-central British Columbia Canada located 17 km (10.6 mi) north of Clearwater. It rises from the west slope of Trophy Mountain. Buck Hill is just outside the boundary of Wells Gray Provincial Park.
 Wildcat Mountain with an elevation of 3760 feet has the distinction of being the highest peak in White County Georgia USA but not the highest point in the county. The boundary line between White County and Towns County bisects Tray Mountain but leaves the summit of the mountain in Towns County.
 Verlorevlei River is a river in the Western Cape province of South Africa. The river mouth is located at Elands Bay. Its tributaries include the Hol River Kruismans River and the Krom Antonies River. It falls within the Drainage system G and the Management Area
 Bewl Water is a reservoir in the valley of the River Bewl (which is a tributary of the River Teise) straddling the boundary between Kent and Sussex. It is about 2 miles south of Lamberhurst Kent England. The reservoir was part of a project to increase supplies of water in the area.
 The Waiaua River is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southwest from the slopes of Mount Taranaki to reach the Tasman Sea at Opunake.
 Omar Khayyam is a lunar crater that is located just beyond the northwestern limb of the Moon on the far side from the Earth. It lies in a region of the surface that is sometimes brought into view of the Earth due to libration and under favorable lighting it can be viewed from the edge.
 Little Dragoon Mountains are included in the Douglas Ranger District of Coronado National Forest in Cochise County Arizona.The summit of the range is the center peak of the three Mae West Peaks32°06′00″N 110°07′20″W 6 miles northwest of Dragoon Arizona at 6588 feet(2008m).
 The Borumlaca River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Xiao River (Chinese: 潇水) is a river of China and tributary to the Xiang River. It is part of the East China Sea basin. This may also be called the Xin River.
 Lengwitz is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Rousillon Rupes is a scarp (rupes is Latin for cliff) on the surface of the Uranian moon Titania named after Bertram count of Rousillon (an Elisabethan English misspelling for Roussillon) in William Shakespeare's comedy All's Well That Ends Well. The 402 km long feature is a normal fault situated near the equator and running perpendicular to it.
 Kacanka is a river in Poland. It's a tributary of Koprzywianka which in turn is a tributary of Vistula.Its total length is 33.8 kilometres (21.0 mi) and its width is 3 to 8 metres (9.8 to 26.2 ft). Kacanka is known for its fishing with trout perch crucian carp and roach being common catches.
 The Piojeras River is a river of Bolivia.
 The San Cristóbal River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Neualmbach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 Qiwllaqucha (Quechua qillwa qiwlla qiwiña gull qucha lake gull lake hispanicized spelling Quiullacocha) is a small lake in Peru located in the Huánuco Region Dos de Mayo Province Marías District. It is situated at a height of about 4037 metres (13245 ft) about 0.47 km long and 0.2 km at its widest point.
 Piz Caschleglia is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located south of Curaglia in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Medel between the Val Medel and the Val Sumvitg.
 The Valea lui Manole River is a tributary of the Muşiţa River in Romania.
 The Jiul de Vest River (previously also known as Jiul Românesc River) is a headwater of the Jiu River in Romania. The upper course of the river is also known locally as Câmpușelu River.
 Healy is a submarine volcano located among New Zealand's Kermadec Islands. Its last major eruption took place around 1360 creating a large caldera.
 Yana Urqu (Quechua yana black urqu mountain black mountain hispanicized spelling Yana Orco) is a mountain in the Potosí mountain range of the Bolivian Andes about 4860 m (15945 ft) high. It is situated south east of Potosí in the Potosí Department in the north of the José María Linares Province. Yana Urqu lies north east of the Khunurana and Mount Q'umir Qucha and east of the small lakes Muyu Qucha and Q'umir Qucha.
 Miche Wabun Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Runoff from the Miche Wabun Glacier and other icefields feed the lake after cascading over Miche Wabun Falls. Miche Wabun Lake is at the head of the North Fork Belly River and is surrounded by Kaina Mountain to the east Miche Wabun Peak to the north and Goat Haunt Mountain to the southwest.
 The Vișa River (German: Weißbach) is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Michelbach (Nidda) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Eungbongsan is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1013 m (3323 ft).
 The Swift Ditch is a backwater of the River Thames in England which was formerly the primary navigation channel. With the main river it creates the large island of Andersey Island near Abingdon Oxfordshire.As early as 955 to 963 AD the monks of Abingdon Priory built a canal to the Abbey from the direction of Swift Ditch. There is also evidence that the current course of the river to the confluence had been built by 1060.
 Blue Ridge Reservoir is located in the Mogollon Rim area of the state of Arizona. The closest town Strawberry is 30 miles (48 km) away. Blue Ridge Reservoir is one of the more scenic reservoirs in the area with trees going down to the water line. The facilities are maintained by Coconino National Forest division of the USDA Forest Service.
 Lake Buel is a 196-acre (0.79 km2) great pond in Berkshire County Massachusetts just south of Route 57 and east of Great Barrington. It is surrounded by over one-hundred summer home and a few dozen year-round homes in about a dozen separate tight-knit neighborhoods each with its own private or semi-private road. The roads do not interlink.The Lake is named after Samuel C.
 The Biniș River is a tributary of the Coștei River in Romania.
 Hambaeksan is a mountain between the county of Jeongseon and the city of Taebaek Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1573 m (5161 ft).
 Cranbury Brook also known as Cranberry Brook is a tributary of the Millstone River in Middlesex and Monmouth Counties New Jersey in the United States.
 The Cañas River (Mayagüez Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Bog Brook Reservoir is a 379-acre (153 ha) reservoir in the Croton Watershed in southern New York State. It is located in the town of Southeast New York in Putnam County and is approximately 38 miles (over 60 kilometers) north of New York City to which it supplies water. It was formed by the damming of Bog Brook a small tributary of the East Branch of the Croton River which is in turn a tributary of the Croton River.
 Jabal ar Rumaylah is a hill in Fujairah.
 Mount Wurlali (also known as Mount Damar) is an andesitic stratovolcano on Damar Island in the Banda Arc system. Fumarolic activities with sulfur deposits are found at the twin summit craters and on the southeast flanks.
 The San Juan River (Tagalog: Ilog ng San Juan) is a river system in Calamba City Philippines. It is one of 21 major tributaries of Laguna de Bay and is regularly monitored by the Laguna Lake Development Authority (LLDA) through one of its 15 river monitoring stations.Along with the San Cristobal River it is one of the two major rivers of Calamba that drains into Laguna de Bay.
 Feiselberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Mount Tengu (天狗岳 Tengu-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Pearsoll Peak is a mountain in the Klamath Mountains of southwestern Oregon in the United States. It is located in the northern Kalmiopsis Wilderness in southeastern Curry County and western Josephine County in the extreme southwest corner of the state approximately 20 miles (32 km) from the Pacific Ocean and 20 miles (32 km) north of the California state line. It has a fire lookout on top that was spared in the Biscuit Fire of 2002.
 Puʻu ʻŌʻō (often written Puu Oo and pronounced [ˈpuʔu ˈʔoːʔoː] roughly poo-oo oh-oh) is a cinder/spatter cone in the eastern rift zone of the Kīlauea volcano of the Hawaiian Islands. Puʻu ʻŌʻō has been erupting continuously since January 3 1983 making it the longest-lived rift-zone eruption of the last two centuries.Although the name is often translated as Hill of the ʻŌʻō Bird from Hawaiian there is a different explanation of the Hawaiian appellation.
 The Radbuza (Czech pronunciation: [ˈradbuza]; German: Radbusa) is a 112 km long river in the Czech Republic the right tributary of the Mže. Its source is situated at the foot of Lysá mountain (869 metres) near the village of Závist near Domažlice. It passes through the villages and towns of Rybník Smolov Bělá nad Radbuzou Horšovský Týn Staňkov Holýšov Stod Chotěšov Zbůch and Dobřany before flowing into the river Mže in Plzeň.
 Tacunapi River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 The Muddy Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County Nevada.The Muddy Mountains surround a north section of Bitter Spring Valley which also lies at the northwest perimeter of the Black Mountains lying on a north shore of an east-west section of Lake Mead.
 Lake Kossou (French: Lac de Kossou) is the largest lake in Côte d'Ivoire. It lies in the center of the country on the Bandama River. It is an artificial lake created in 1973 by damming the Bandama River at Kossou (the Kossou Dam). Some 85000 Baoulé people were displaced by the lake.
 The Coolumbooka River a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment is located in the Monaro region of New South Wales Australia.
 Mount Edred (70°35′S 69°0′W) is a prominent ice-covered mountain 2195 metres (7200 ft) high which stands 10 nautical miles (19 km) inland from George VI Sound lies about 12 miles (19 km) north of Galileo Cliffs and marks the southern limit of the Douglas Range on Alexander Island Antarctica. It was first photographed from the air on November 23 1935 by Lincoln Ellsworth and mapped from these photos by W.L.G. Joerg.
 The Ishikari River (石狩川 Ishikari-gawa) at 268 kilometres (167 mi) long is the third longest in Japan and the longest in Hokkaidō. The river drains an area of 14330 square kilometres (5530 sq mi) making it the second largest in Japan with a total discharge of around 14.8 cubic kilometres (3.6 cu mi) per year.It originates from Mount Ishikari in the Taisetsu Mountain Range and flows through Asahikawa and Sapporo.
 The Dagua River (Río Dagua) is a river in Valle del Cauca. Colombia. It generally flows north by northwest from the Farallones de Cali into the Pacific Ocean next to Buenaventura. In recent years illegal mining has caused ecological damages to the river. The middle portion of the river runs through the Dagua Canyon Dry Enclave (Enclave Seco del Río Dagua) natural area which is listed as an Important Bird Area.
 Río Verde (Spanish for green river) is a river in Jalisco Mexico.
 The Oca river is a short river about 70 km of the north of Spain It is an affluent of the Ebro river that flows through the province of Burgos. It is born in the Sistema Ibérico range and it has 70 km of route crossing of the south to north the municipalities of Rábanos Villafranca Montes de Oca Valle de Oca Alcocero de Mola Prádanos de Bureba Briviesca Vileña the shire of Bureba and Oña.Oca River rises in the comarca of Montes de Oca near the town of Rábanos.
 Subarnarekha River (ସୁବର୍ଣରେଝା ନଦୀ) (also called Swarnarekha River) flows through the Indian states of Jharkhand West Bengal and Odisha.
 Rova River (Russian: Рова) is a river in the center of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 75 km in length. The Rova River originates on the Keivy and flows into the Yokanga River. Its biggest tributary is the Kalmiyok.
 The Selz is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany a left tributary to the Rhine. It flows through the biggest German wine region which is called Rheinhessen.It rises near the village Orbis in the Donnersbergkreis passes the border from the Palatinate to Rheinhessen and after about 8 km the city of Alzey in the Alzey-Worms district. There the river passes a pond and vanishes underground flowing through the canalisation of the town.
 Anqasqucha (Quechua anqas blue qucha lake blue lake hispanicized spelling Angascocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region Huancavelica Province Acobambilla District. It is situated at a height of about 4644 metres (15236 ft) about 1.8 km long and 0.86 km at its widest point. Anqasqucha lies east of the lake Aqchiqucha between the lakes Ñawinqucha in the northwest and Chiliqucha in the southeast.
 The Trent River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows east from its source in the Kaimata Range northeast of Otira turning north to reach the valley of the Ahaura River.
 The Heaphy River is a river of the northwestern South Island of New Zealand. It flows through Kahurangi National Park rising on the northern slopes of Amohia Peak and initially flowing northwest before turning southwest to reach the Tasman Sea 30 kilometres north of Karamea. Stages of the Heaphy Track follow the lower course of this river with the track reaching the coast at the river's mouth.
 Rolwāling Himāl (Nepali: रोल्वालिङ् हिमाल) is a section of the Himalaya in east-central Nepal along the Tibet border. Rolwaling Himal includes Melungtse 7181m and Melungtse II 7023m inside Tibet and Gauri Shankar 7134m on the Nepal border with some 50 additional peaks over 6000m all extending from the Nangpa La pass where the Mahalangur section begins southwest to the Tamakosi River. The Labuche Himal section rises beyond the Tamakosi to the northwest.
 Mola dels Quatre Termes also known as Mola d'Estat is a summit in the Serra del Bosc range Prades Mountains Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1117 metres above sea level.
 Vogulka (Russian: Вогулка) is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast Russia a left tributary of Sylva River which in turn is a tributary of Chusovaya River. The length of the river is 113 km. The area of drainage basin is 983 km². Main tributaries: Maly Lip River Bolshoy Lip River Biz River Yurmys River Kuara River (right).
 The Călărășanca River is a tributary of the Ismar River in Romania.
 The Răstolț River is a tributary of the Agrij River in Romania.
 Bull Sluice Lake is a small reservoir located along the Chattahoochee River in northern Georgia in the northern suburbs of metro Atlanta. It is 673 acres (272 ha) and is impounded by the Morgan Falls Dam. Besides the hydroelectric power produced by the dam the lake's primary use is recreation including fishing and rowing.
 Daedunsan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 878 metres.
 Cafundó River is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil.
 The Pointe Ronde is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif overlooking Trient in the canton of Valais. It lies near the northern end of the Arête de la Lui the ridge descending from the Génépi.
 Lake Iguaque is a lake located in the Boyacá Department of Colombia. The lake and the surrounding area was declared a Flora and Fauna Sanctuary in 1977.
 Little Cedar Lake is a lake in Southeastern Wisconsin; United States. It is located at the geographic center of Washington County in the Town of West Bend and Town of Polk. The lake covers an area of 246 acres (1 km2) acres has a shoreline of 4.5 miles (7 km) miles and reaches a maximum depth of 56 feet (17 m) feet.
 The Pamir-Alay (also Pamiro-Alai Russian: Памиро-Алай) is a mountain system in Tajikistan Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan part of the Pamir Mountains. It stretches between the valleys of the rivers Syr Darya (Fergana Valley) to its north and Vakhsh to its south.
 Sandy Lake is both a lake and residential place in central Catahoula Parish Louisiana. Sandy Lake is located approximately 3 miles northwest of Jonesville Louisiana 5 miles northeast of Catahoula Lake and 8 miles southwest of Harrisonburg Louisiana. It has an elevation of 43 feet.Sandy Lake also is situated north of U.S. Highway 84 south of Louisiana Highway 8.
 The Itamirim River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Hohe Warte is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 The Cavern of Reveillon is a French cave located near Alvignac.
 The Branco River (Roosevelt River) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Klyazma River (Russian: Клязьма) is a river in the Moscow Nizhny Novgorod Ivanovo and Vladimir Oblasts in Russia a left tributary of the Oka River.The length of the river is 686 kilometres. The area of its drainage basin is 42500 km². The Klyazma River usually freezes up in November and stays under the ice until mid-April although in faster moving stretches ice-free water occurs until the air temperature drops below minus 10 °C.
 The Otter River is a short connecting stream in Minnesota flowing from Boulder Lake Reservoir into Island Lake Reservoir. The stream's length is 0.17 miles (0.27 km). It is within the Cloquet River watershed north of Duluth.
 Redstone Lake is a lake located in geographic Semple Township in the Unorganized North Part of Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is in the James Bay drainage basin and is part of the Redstone River system.
 Osobłoga (Czech: Osoblaha German: Hotzenplotz or Austrian German: Ossa) is a river of the Czech Republic and Poland. The river originates as Petrovický potok (German: Petersbach).
 The Panhandle Hills are a mountain range in Siskiyou County California.
 The Peace River is a river in the southwestern part of the Florida peninsula in the U.S.A.. It originates at the juncture of Saddle Creek and Peace Creek northeast of Bartow in Polk County and flows south through Hardee County to Arcadia in DeSoto County and then southwest into the Charlotte Harbor estuary at Port Charlotte in Charlotte County. It is 106 miles (171 km) long and has a drainage basin of 1367 square miles (3540 km2). U.S.
 San Francisquito Pass is a mountain pass of the Sierra Pelona Mountains northeast of Green Valley in Los Angeles County California. This pass at the elevation 3655 feet (1114 m) was at the head of San Francisquito Canyon where from the time of the Spanish roads to the north from Los Angeles to the San Joaquin Valley crossed the Sierra Pelonas into the San Andreas Rift near Elizabeth Lake.
 King Haakon Bay or King Haakon Sound is an inlet on the southern coast of the island of South Georgia. The inlet is approximately 8 miles (13 km) long and 2.5 miles (4 km) wide.The inlet was named for King Haakon VII of Norway by Carl Anton Larsen the founder of Grytviken.
 The Ubaté River is a river in Cundinamarca Department of Colombia. It flows northward through the Ubaté Valley and drains into Lake Fúquene in the border with Boyacá Department.
 The Seaca River is a tributary of the Săcuța River in Romania.
 Cerro Paniri is a stratovolcano located in El Loa Province Antofagasta Region Chile and near the border with Bolivia. To its northwest lie the twin volcanoes San Pedro and San Pablo and to its southeast lies Cerro del León from which is separated by the huge Chao lava dome.Claudio Lucero and Nelson Muñoz made the first recorded ascent of Paniri in 1972. They found archaeological remains on its summit.
 The Niger River (/ˈnaɪdʒər/ NY-jər; French: (le) fleuve Niger pronounced: [(lə) flœv niʒɛʁ]) is the principal river of western Africa extending about 4180 km (2600 mi). Its drainage basin is 2117700 km2 (817600 sq mi) in area. Its source is in the Guinea Highlands in southeastern Guinea.
 Guazapa is a stratovolcano in central El Salvador.
 The Puhinui Craters are located in Auckland's Puhinui Reserve and are part of the Auckland volcanic field in the North Island of New Zealand. They were first recognised as volcanic craters in 2011. A cluster of three small maar craters like these is unique in the Auckland volcanic field. Their ages are unknown but most probably all three erupted during the same eruptive episode.
 Pallas is a heavily eroded lunar crater located to the north of the Sinus Medii. To the northwest is the smaller but less worn crater Bode. Pallas shares a low wall with the crater Murchison that is attached to the southeast and there are two gaps in the shared rim.The outer wall of Pallas is worn notched and somewhat distorted in shape. The associated crater Pallas A lies across the northwest rim. The inner floor of Pallas has been flooded by lava leaving a relatively flat surface.
 Dauphiney Lake is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Trebević is a mountain in central Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is found directly to the southeast of Sarajevo territory of East Sarajevo city bordering Jahorina mountain. Trebević is 1627 meters (5338 ft) tall making it the second shortest of the Sarajevo mountains.During the Middle Ages Trebević was known as Zlatni Do. During the 1984 Winter Olympics Trebević like the other Sarajevo mountains was used for a number of Olympic events such as bobsledding.
 Bannoye is the name of a lake in the Russian republic of Bashkortostan and a famous ski resort near it.The lake and its surroundings are favorite vacation spot. Around the lake are motels and resorts there is a ski resort on the mountain Bashmak.A natural monument of 1965.
 The Pârâul Fagului is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 The Nadăș River (Hungarian: Nádas) is a tributary of the Dalnic River in Romania. The name in Hungarian means reedy. The Romanian name derives from that.
 The Olivares River is a river of Chile.
 Burgberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany. It is situated in the municipality Schauenburg.
 San Gabriel Peak is a summit in the San Gabriel Mountains in the U.S. state of California. It was named by the United States Geological Survey in 1894 and is located in the Angeles National Forest. This peak was first named The Commodore for Commodore Perry Switzer.The name is derived from the Misión del Santo Arcangel San Gabriel de los Temblores.
 The Bosna (pronounced [bɔ̂sna]) is the third longest river in Bosnia and Herzegovina and is considered one of the country's three major internal rivers along with the Neretva and Vrbas Rivers; the other three major rivers of Bosnia and Herzegovina are the Una to the northwest the Sava to the north and the Drina to the east. It is the probable namesake of Bosnia. The Bosna flows for 271 kilometers (168 mi).The river was the classical Bossina.
 Mount Massif is a mountain in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park in Tasmania Australia. It is the seventh highest mountain in Tasmania and second highest point of the Du Cane Range. It is a major feature of the national park and is a popular venue with bushwalkers and mountain climbers.
 The Pârâul Muntelui is a tributary of the Rimetea River in Romania.
 The Makino River is a river of the east of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northeast from the Kaweka Range as one of the headwaters of the Mohaka River. The Makino's entire length is within Kaweka Forest Park.
 Adishi Glacier (Georgian: ადიშის მყინვარი) is a valley glacier located in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti Region of Georgia. The glacier lies on the southern slopes of the Caucasus. The length of the Adishi Glacier is 9 km (5.6 mi) and its surface area is 12.9 km2 (5.0 sq mi). The tongue of the glacier descends down to 2298 m (7539 ft) above sea level.
 Berrian Mountain is a mountain in Jefferson County Colorado.According to Jefferson County Archives Berrian Mountain located one mile north of Conifer Colorado was named after George Dan and Ray Berrian and the Berrian family who came from Kansas to Colorado in 1887. Previously it may have been called McIntyre Mountain after Duncan McIntyre who owned property on the east side of the mountain where Midway House is located.November 1 1981 at 8:03 p.m.
 Hayli Gubbi is a shield volcano located in the Afar Region of Ethiopia. It is the southernmost volcano of the Erta Ale Range.
 Fösse is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Parvati Hill is a hillock in Pune India. The hillock rises up to 2100 feet (640 m) above sea level. Atop the hillock is the Parvati Temples which are one of the most scenic locations in Pune. The temple is the oldest heritage structure in Pune and was built in the Peshwa Dynasty rule. It is also used as an observation spot for visitors of the panorama of Pune. It is the second highest point in Pune premises (after Vetal Hill).
 Yanaqucha (Quechua yana black very dark qucha lake lagoon black lake hispanicized spelling Yanacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region Urubamba Province Huaylllabamba District. It is situated at a height of about 3951 metres (12963 ft). Yanaqucha as well as the nearby lake Q'illuqucha (Quechua for yellow lake) is known for its woods of polylepis.
 The Valea Mestecănișului River or Nireș River or Nyireș River is a tributary of the Vinul Mic River in Romania.
 Effelder is a 15km tributary river of the Itz in the Sonneberg (Thuringia) and Coburg (Bavaria).
 The Armería River is a river of Mexico.
 Gulen is a fjord in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The fjord empties into the Frøysjøen strait (on the west end) and to the east it splits into three branches: Nordgulen Midtgulen and Sørgulen. The fjord is a maximum of 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) long (including the Nordgulen branch) terminating at the village of Svelgen in the east. The Svelgen river is one of the primary inflows of the fjord.
 Kontrovod River (Russian: Контровод) is a river in Primorsky Krai.It is 49 km in length. It rose in Strelnikov Range of Sikhote-Alin. Kontrovod flows into Bikin River.Luchegorsk was founded on banks of river.There is an electric power station's reservoir on a river in Luchegorsk.
 Strangbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Sassauna is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps overlooking Schiers in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
 Rottscheider Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Oberaar Glacier (German: Oberaargletscher) is a 4 km (2.5 mi) long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 5.82 km2 (2.25 sq mi).
 The Taiyang River (Chinese: 太阳河; pinyin: Tàiyáng Hé) is a river in Hainan Island China. It rises in Hongding Mountain of southeastern Qiongzhong County and flows eastward across the Wanning City to empty into the South China Sea. The river has a length of 75.7 km and drains an area of 592.51 square km.
 Llyn Mair (Welsh for 'Mary's lake') is a 14-acre (57000 m2) artificial lake located at SH652412 in North Wales. It lies in the area of Tan-y-Bwlch a little above Plas Tan-y-Bwlch and is in the catchment area of the River Dwyryd.
 Pöhlwasser is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Saane (in German) or Sarine (in French) is one of the largest rivers in Switzerland. It is 128 km (80 mi) long and has a drainage area of 1892 km2 (731 sq mi). It is a tributary of the river Aar. The source is at the foot of the Sanetschhorn in the western part of the Bernese Oberland.
 The Do Peixe River (Paraibuna River São Paulo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lake Rosalind is a small inland lake located in Bruce County Ontario Canada between the towns of Hanover and Walkerton. Lake Rosalind and the interconnected Marl Lake to its south are manmade lakes that were created by the excavation of marl for local cement plants in the early 1900s and the construction of dams later in 1939 and 1946. Both lakes are relatively shallow and small in area (38 hectares and 14 hectares respectively).
 Colma Creek is a small creek that flows toward the San Francisco Bay from near San Bruno Mountain. The source starts north of the Guadalupe Parkway. It flows down southwest and makes a 90 degree bend to flow southeastward. The creek loses elevation as it flows through the cities of Daly City and Colma and continues to lose elevation until reaching the bay. Its small delta is just in between South San Francisco and the San Francisco International Airport.
 Paintsville Lake is a 1139-acre (4.61 km2) reservoir in Johnson and Morgan counties in eastern Kentucky. It was impounded from Paint Creek in 1983 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers. It is the major attraction of Paintsville Lake State Park.
 Horse Ranch Mountain is the highest summit in Zion National Park in Utah. Located in the Kolob Canyons section of the park it rises above Camp Creek to the north and Taylor Creek to the south.
 Lake Onslow is a man-made lake east of Roxburgh and south of Alexandra in the Otago region of New Zealand. It lies 700 m (2300 ft) above sea level. It was formed in 1890 by the damming of the Teviot River and Dismal Swamp. The lake is the subject of several paintings by the late Edward Mullor.
 Kowmung River (Aboriginal: Barnalay) a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Lac du Laouzas is a lake in Tarn France. At an elevation of 790 m its surface area is 3.35 km².
 Sheridan Lake a reservoir is located on Spring Creek in Pennington County South Dakota. Built over the site of Sheridan the first county seat it is owned and operated by the United States Forest Service and is one of the recreational areas of Black Hills National Forest.Sheridan Dam was built in 1939 as an earthen structure 134 feet tall with a length of 850 feet at its crest.
 The Santa Lucia Mountains or Santa Lucia Range is a mountain range in coastal central California running from Monterey County southeast for 105 miles (169 km) into central San Luis Obispo County.
 Lavaca Bay is a northwestern extension of the Matagorda Bay system found mostly in Calhoun County Texas United States. The ports of Port Lavaca and Point Comfort have been established on the bay and are the main areas of human habitation. Linnville was located on the bay until its abandonment after the Great Raid of 1840 and the major port of Indianola was found near the confluence with the main Matagorda Bay until the town's final destruction following the massive hurricane of 1886.
 The Hohe Warte (318–493 m above NN) is a largely forested upland with four striking hills on the southwestern fringe of the Fichtelgebirge mountains located in northern Bavaria near Bayreuth. Its highest peak is the Hirschberg (493 m). About 60% of the ridge lies on the territory of the parish of Bindlach the other 40% is divided between the town of Bayreuth and the parish of Heinersreuth.
 The Câmpu River is a tributary of the Secu-Vaduri River in Romania.
 Osterbek is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 Upper Red Lake is an unorganized territory in Beltrami County Minnesota U.S. It is a part of the Red Lake Indian Reservation. The population was 25 at the 2000 census.
 Bilsteinbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Laubach (Wetter) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 5 Fingers is a free viewing platform in the Austrian state of Upper Austria on the Krippenstein that was named 5 Fingers by virtue of its hand-like hand shape.It is called the most spectacular viewing platform in the Alps because the individual approximately 4 metres long fingers were built over a precipice of about 400 m (1200 ft) depth.The fingers are about 12 feet long and were built over a chasm of about 400 m (1200 ft) depth.
 The Ribicioara River is a tributary of the Ribița River in Romania.
 Wasekamio Lake is a glacial lake in northern Saskatchewan. It is part of a series of connected lakes that flow south into the Churchill River drainage system. These lakes from north to south are Wasekamio Lake Turnor Lake Frobisher Lake and Churchill Lake. Just north of Wasekamio Lake is the Clearwater River that flows west to the Athabasca River.
 Garden Glacier is in Wenatchee and Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forests in the U.S. state of Washington. Garden Glacier is in two sections located on the south and east slopes of Sinister Peak. The glacier is along the original approach route for the first ascent of Sinister Peak in 1939. Garden Glacier extends from 7800 to 7000 ft (2400 to 2100 m) and end in icefalls and barren rocks. Garden Glacier is separated by an arête from Chickamin Glacier to the north.
 The lake Brennersee lies approximately 1.15 km north of the Brenner Pass 1310 metres above sea level. With an area of approximately 19 ha it is the biggest lake in the Wipptal. The lake can be explored by motorway A13 or by local train from Innsbruck.Although the lake is always open for bathing the water barely warms up to 12 °C even in midsummer. In addition the basin and motorway often conceal the sun and the proximate environment is chilly.
 The Peko Hills are a mountain range in Elko County Nevada.
 Cymbeline's Castle also known as Cymbeline's Mound and Belinus's Castle is the remains of a motte-and-bailey castle in woods north of Great Kimble in Buckinghamshire England. It is scheduled under the Ancient Monuments and Archaeological Areas Act 1979.The motte is about 42 metres (138 ft) in diameter and encircled on three sides by a ditch outside which lie two additional baileys.
 The Preguiças River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Răscoala River is a tributary of the Largu River in Romania.
 Salz is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Angachilla River is a river of Chile.
 Wallamba River a watercourse of the Great Lakes system is located in the Mid North Coast district of New South Wales Australia.
 Gunsight Mountain (9258 feet (2822 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Gunsight Mountain is immediately south of Sperry Glacier.
 Brian Head Peak at 11307 feet (3446 m) high is the highest peak on the Markagunt Plateau and in Iron County in southwestern Utah. Brian Head Peak is located east of Cedar City and just north of Cedar Breaks National Monument in Dixie National Forest. The town of Brian Head at the western base of the mountain is the location of the Brian Head Ski Resort.
 The Râul Corbului is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 Little Fishing Creek is a 23.5-mile-long (37.8 km) tributary of Fishing Creek in Columbia County Pennsylvania in the United States.Little Fishing Creek joins Fishing Creek 4 miles (6.4 km) upstream of the Susquehanna River near the town of Bloomsburg.
 Poncelet is the remains of a lunar crater that is located near the northern limb of the Moon. It lies to the east-northeast of the crater Pascal and northwest of Anaximenes. Like the latter formation Poncelet is a worn eroded formation with an interior that has been flooded either with lava or possibly ejecta. The outer rim is a low circular ridge with a narrow break to the south and a wider breach to the northeast.
 The Saint Patricks River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Jackpine Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1913 by Mary Jobe Akeley.</ref>
 Aspen Butte is a steep-sided shield volcano in the Cascade Range of southern Oregon. It is located 15 miles (24 km) south of Pelican Butte and 15 miles (24 km) southeast of Mount McLoughlin. It rises over 4000 feet (1200 m) above the nearby shore of Upper Klamath Lake. Ice Age glaciers carved three large cirques into the north and northeast flanks of the mountain removing most of the original summit area including any evidence of a crater.
 Alexander is a lunar crater-like feature in the rugged surface to the north of Mare Serenitatis. It lies to the south-southwest of the prominent crater Eudoxus and to the east-northeast of Calippus.The Alexander formation has been so heavily worn and distorted with the passage of time that it now resembles little more than a lowland region enclosed by rugged ranges.
 The Alcântara River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Double H Mountains are a mountain range in Humboldt County Nevada.
 Lysakerelven (also known as Lysakerelva in either case meaning the Lysaker River) is a river in Norway that forms the boundary between the municipalities of the capital city of Oslo and Bærum.The river by this name has its source in Bogstadvannet though the source is further up at Langlivann and Søndre and Nordre Heggelivann in Oslomarka the forests surrounding Oslo.
 Harike Wetland also known as Hari-ke-Pattan with the Harike Lake in the deeper part of it is the largest wetland in northern India in the Tarn Taran Sahib district of the Punjab state in India. The wetland and the lake were formed by constructing the Head works across the Sutlej river in 1953. The headworks is located downstream of the confluence of the Beas and Sutlej rivers.
 The Mississippi River is the chief river of the largest drainage system in North America. Flowing entirely in the United States (though its drainage basin reaches into Canada) it rises in northern Minnesota and meanders slowly southwards for 2340 miles (3770 km) to the Mississippi River Delta at the Gulf of Mexico. With its many tributaries the Mississippi's watershed drains all or parts of 31 US states and 2 Canadian provinces between the Rocky and Appalachian Mountains.
 Naylors Run is a 4.6-mile-long (7.4 km) tributary of Cobbs Creek in Haverford and Upper Darby Townships Pennsylvania in the United States.Naylors Run flows underground in Upper Darby from Sherbrook Boulevard to Walnut Park Drive where it joins Cobbs Creek. Thousands of feet of Naylor's Run were channeled into underground culverts to facilitate commercial and residential development in the filled land above the pipes.
 Beaver Lake is a 79 acre (0.3 km²) lake completely within the city limits of Sammamish Washington USA. The Beaver Lake watershed is 1043 acres (4.2 km²); the mean depth is 21 feet (6.4 m) and the maximum depth is 50 feet (15 m). Beaver Lake is actually a chain of one main and two smaller lakes with the main lake getting the bulk of the recreation focus.Beaver Lake is part of a chain of three lakes: Long Lake Beaver Lake and a third unnamed lake 4 miles (6.4 km) East of Lake Sammamish.
 The Cetatea River is a tributary of the Caşin River in Romania.
 Pen Pumlumon Arwystli is the second highest point on the Plynlimon massif a part of the Cambrian Mountains in the county of Ceredigion Wales.The summit is grassy and is marked by 3 large ancient cairns. The views include Rhos Fawr Drygarn Fawr Pen y Garn to the south and Aran Fawddwy Glasgwm Tarrenhendre and Tarren y Gesail to the north.The longest river in Britain the River Severn has its source on a lower boggy plateau to the east of the summit.
 The Orășanul River is a tributary of the Sasca River in Romania.
 The Dereaua River is a tributary of the Black Sea Lake Techirghiol in Romania.
 Heimdalshøe is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Lake Barombi Koto also known as Lake Barombi Kotto or Lake Barombi-ba-Kotto is a small lake in the volcanic chain in the Southwest Region of Cameroon. It is a volcanic lake with a diameter of about 1.2 km (0.75 mi). There is a small island in the middle which is densely inhabited by the Barombi a tribe of fishers.
 The Lewis Hills is a section of the Long Range Mountains located on the west coast of Newfoundland along the Gulf of St. Lawrence.An ophiolite and Peridotite complex the Lewis Hills is the southernmost of four such complexes located within the Humber Arm Allochthon a world renowned geological area. It is located in an area stretching between the town of Stephenville in the south and the city of Corner Brook in the north.
 The Housatonic River (/ˌhuːsəˈtɒnɪk/ HOOS-ə-TON-ik) is a river approximately 139 miles (224 km) long in western Massachusetts and western Connecticut in the United States. It flows south to southeast and drains about 1950 square miles (5100 km2) of southwestern Connecticut into Long Island Sound. Its watershed is just to the west of the watershed of the lower Connecticut River.
 The Stevenston Canal was a waterway in North Ayrshire Scotland built for Robert Reid Cunningham of Seabank (now Auchenharvie) and Patrick Warner of the Ardeer Estate which ran to the port of Saltcoats from Ardeer and Stevenston with a number of short branches to coal pits along the length of the cut. The canal opened on September 19 1772 the first commercial canal in Scotland.
 The Cracău River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters: Cracăul Alb and Cracăul Negru
 Mullan Pass is a mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of Montana in the United States. It sits on the Continental Divide on the border between Powell County and Lewis and Clark County 13.25 miles (21.32 km) west of Helena in the Helena National Forest at an elevation of 5902 feet (1799 m).The Northern Pacific Railway (NP) used the pass for its line from Logan Montana to Garrison Montana via Helena built in 1883.
 The Boculundia River is a tributary of the Clopodia River in Romania.
 This is about the lunar crater. For other uses see Hertz (disambiguation).Hertz is a lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon just behind the eastern limb. Due to libration this feature can sometimes be observed from the Earth under favorable lighting conditions. It is located to the west-southwest of the larger crater Fleming and north-northeast of the smaller Moiseev.
 The Tunakino River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from its origins in a coastal rim of hills at the base of the Marlborough Sounds to reach the Opouri River five kilometres east of Rai Valley
 USGS Peak at 11982 feet (3652 m) above sea level is the tenth highest peak in Idaho and the eighth highest in the Lost River Range. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest in Custer County. It is 4.15 mi (6.68 km) southeast of Lost River Peak its line parent.
 Schroeder Mountain is a mountain in the California's Sierra Nevada on the Tahoe National Forest. It is located 0.8 miles (1 km) east of California State Route 49 in Sierra County. Its elevation is 6942 feet (2116 m).It is 2.5 miles (4.0 km) west-northwest of Yuba Pass 1.5 miles (2.4 km) southwest of Beartrap Meadow; approx. 30 miles (48 km) northeast of Downieville. Clark Station Summer Home Tract is at the base of the mountain.
 Yawarqucha (Quechua yawar blood qucha lake blood lake hispanicized spelling Yaguarcocha Yahuarcocha Yawarcocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cajamarca Region Cajabamba Province Sitacocha District. Yawarqucha lies at a height of about 3600 metres (11811 ft) south of the little town Lluchubamba and northwest of the lake Q'inququcha near the mountain Rima Rima.
 Castle Lake is a glacial tarn in the Ruby Mountains in Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. It is located on a shelf near the head of Kleckner Canyon at approximately 40°34.1′N 115°23.9′W and at an elevation of 9780 feet (2980 m). It has an area of approximately 14 acres (57000 m2) and a depth of up to 15 feet (4.6 m).
 Kiowa Creek is a 123-mile-long (198 km) tributary that flows into the South Platte River in Morgan County Colorado near Orchard. The creek's source is in the Black Forest of El Paso County northeast of Colorado Springs Colorado.
 Tripoli Lake is a lake in the Nelson River drainage basin in Kenora District northwestern Ontario Canada and the source of Tripoli Creek. It is about 1300 metres (4265 ft) long and 440 metres (1444 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 396 metres (1299 ft). The lake is 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) north of Highway 516.
 Mount Tateshina (蓼科山 Tateshina-yama) also Suwa Fuji is a complex volcano located on the border of the municipalities of Chino and Tateshina in Nagano Prefecture Japan. It has an elevation of 2530 m (8301 ft). This mountain is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains.
 Sirani (Aymara sira fart flatulence -ni a suffix to indicate ownership the one with flatulence hispanicized spelling Cerani) is a mountain in the west of the Chila mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5229 metres (17156 ft) high. It is located in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province on the border of the districts Chachas and Choco.
 Jesse Morrow Mountain is located in Fresno County California. In December 2012 construction company Cemex agreed not to pursue mining operations which would turn much of the mountain into gravel for building projects.
 Bogda Peak or Bogda Feng (simplified Chinese: 博格达峰; traditional Chinese: 博格達峰; pinyin: Bógédá fẽng; cf. Mongolian: Bogd Uul sometimes referred to as Mount Bogda) is the highest mountain in the Bogda Shan range in the eastern Tian Shan mountains China at 5445 m (17864 ft).Bogda Peak is a challenging climb due to its steep relief. Its sides slope at angles of between 70° and 80°. It was first climbed in 1981 by a 11-person team from Kyoto Japan.
 Flattop Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country at the village of Sugar Mountain. It is wholly in the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 4944 feet (1507 m). Feeder streams from the mountain flow directly into the Linville River except along the north slope where Flattop Creek flows directly into the Elk River; the mountain is partitioned by the Eastern Continental Divide.Because of its adjacent proximity it has been mistaken as part of Sugar Mountain.
 Develin Peak is a 2759-metre (9052 ft) peak in British Columbia Canada with a prominence of 274 metres (899 ft). Its line parent is Peck NW2 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) away.It is part of the Tower of London Range of the Muskwa Ranges in the Canadian Rockies to the north the Wokkpash Glacier.
 The Bani River is the principal tributary of the Niger River in Mali. The river is formed from the confluence of the Baoulé and Bagoé rivers some 160 km (99 mi) east of Bamako and it merges with the Niger near Mopti. Its length is about 1100 km (680 mi).
 Kashan (Quechua kasha thorn or spine -n a suffix hispanicized spelling Cashan) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5716 metres (18753 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Huaraz Province in the districts Huaraz and Olleros. Kashan lies southeast of the town Huaraz (Waras) southwest of Wantsan west of Urwashrahu and northeast of Shaqsha.
 Mount Wilson is a mountain rising in the west part of the Bermel Peninsula on the Bowman Coast of Antarctica. This mountain appears indistinctly in a photograph taken by Sir Hubert Wilkins on his flight of December 20 1928. The feature was rephotographed in 1935 by Lincoln Ellsworth and in 1947 by RARE under Ronne. It was surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey in 1948. Named by Ronne after Major General R.C. Wilson chief of staff to Lt.
 Palisa is the remnant of a lunar crater that is located to the west of the walled plain Ptolemaeus. It lies to the north-northeast of the crater Davy and is attached to the lava-flooded satellite crater Davy Y by a wide break in the southwest rim.The rim of Palisa is worn and eroded especially in the western half where there are multiple gaps that join the crater floor to the Mare Nubium to the west.
 Lake Quinault is a lake on the Olympic Peninsula in western Washington state USA. It is located in the glacial-carved Quinault Valley of the Quinault River at the southern edge of Olympic National Park in the northwestern United States. One of the most dominant features of Lake Quinault is being located within the Quinault Rain Forest a temperate rain forest. Lake Quinault is owned by the Quinault Indian Nation. The area is accessible from U.S.
 The Peşcoasa Mare River ( Hungarian: Nagy-Halas-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. Its names means both in Hungarian and Romanian Big-Fishy Creek.
 The Crixás River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Preto River (Bahia Grande River) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Lake Musconetcong is located on the border of Morris County and Sussex County New Jersey and is part of Hopatcong State Park which is administered by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection. The Musconetcong River flows through the lake.Lake Musconetcong was created in the mid-19th century to provide an additional water source for the Morris Canal. The lake was deeded over to the State of New Jersey with the other parts of the Morris Canal System in 1924.
 The Haunold is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Queitersberg more rarely spelt Quaidersberg Quaitersberg or Queidersberg is a 394-metre-high hill in the northern Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. On a subpeak is the natural monument of the Felsplatt a rock formation.
 Klyuchyovka (Russian: Ключевка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Aspa River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 11 km.
 Honeycomb Glacier is located in the Glacier Peak Wilderness in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is mainly in Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest but a small segment near the top of the glacier extends into Wenatchee National Forest. Honeycomb Glacier is nearly connected to White River and Suiattle Glaciers and is separated from them by an arête off the Kololo Peaks.
 Snegamook Lake is a medium sized lake in central Labrador (in the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador). The lake lies within the easternmost part of the Canadian Shield and is about 22 km long 7 km wide at elevation 130 m AMSL and is located at 54°32′28″N 61°27′03″W.The lake drained by the Kanairiktok River over a small waterfall at the lake's eastern end to the Atlantic via Kanairiktok Bay.
 Slidrefjord is a lake which lies in the municipalities of Vestre Slidre and Vang in Oppland county Norway. The lake is part of the Begna Watershed.Slidrefjord has a surface area of 11.29 km² and a shore length of 46.34 km. It is at an elevation of 366 m above sea level.
 The Yezhuga (also Yozhuga Russian: Ежуга Ёжуга) is a river in Udorsky District of the Komi Republic and in Pinezhsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Pinega River. It is 165 kilometres (103 mi) long and the area of its basin 2850 square kilometres (1100 sq mi). The principal tributary is the Yeyuga (right).
 The Stokes Range is a mountain range on Bathurst Island Nunavut Canada. The range is one of the northernmost ranges in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera. Its highest point is 412 m (1352 ft) at Stokes Mountain.
 Hornopirén (Spanish pronunciation: [ornoˈpiɾen]) is a stratovolcano located in the Andes in Los Lagos Region of Chile south of Yate Volcano and east of Apagado or Hualiaque pyroclastic cone. Hornopirén lies on the major regional Liquine-Ofqui Fault. The volcano is said to have erupted in 1835 although no details are known. The name of the volcano derives from the Spanish word for oven horno and the native Mapudungun word for snow pirén thus Hornopirén means snow oven.
 The River Hor is a short river in the County of Norfolk England.
 Pink Lake is a salt lake in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. It lies about 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of Esperance and is bounded to the East by the South Coast Highway.
 Lake Nottely (also called Nottely Reservoir) is one of many reservoirs of the Tennessee Valley Authority. It is located entirely in Union County Georgia in the United States. Formed in 1942 by the damming of the Nottely River Nottely Reservoir extends 20 miles (30 km) upstream to the town of Blairsville. Construction of Nottely Dam began in 1941 and was completed in 1942. The dam is 184 feet (56 m) high and stretches 2300 feet (701 m) across the Nottely River.
 The Greenhorn Mountains are located northeast of Bakersfield California and west of Lake Isabella in the United States. The range at the southern end of the Sierra Nevada reaches an elevation of 8295 feet (2528 m) at Sunday Peak just south of Portuguese Pass.The Kern Canyon a dramatic and deep canyon cut by the Kern River cuts a path through the Greenhorn Mountains that is also used by State Route 178.
 The Moruya River is an open and trained mature wave dominated barrier estuary or tidal river is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia. In its upper freshwater reaches the river is known as the Deua River.
 The Jacaraípe River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Spider Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington and is to the north of Spider Mountain. Spider Glacier is .30 mi (0.48 km) long and extends for .90 mi (1.45 km) across the north face of Spider Mountain. Spider Glacier is separated by an arête from Middle Cascade Glacier to the west.
 Piz da la Margna (3158 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps overlooking Lake Sils in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It lies to the south-east of the Maloja Pass at the south-western end of the Engadin valley. Ascents can be made from Maloja via the north ridge (F); a slightly easier route is via the Val Fedoz and the east flank.
 Lake Washington is an oxbow lake in Washington County Mississippi United States.Once part of the contiguous Mississippi River Lake Washington formed when the river changed its course about 1300 AD.
 The Horse Range is a mountain range in Nevada County California.
 Nerkoonjärvi (Kihniö) is a medium-sized lake of Pirkanmaa region in Finland. It belongs to Kokemäenjoki main catchment area and it is situated on Kihniö municipality.
 The Stanton River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. IUt flows southeast through the Hundalee Hills turning southwest to reach the Waiau River 7 kilometres east of Waiau.
 The Barmer Spitze is a peak of the Rieserferner group on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 The Barreiros River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Clear Fork is a principal tributary of the Mohican River 36.6 miles (58.9 km) long in north central Ohio in the United States. Via the Mohican Walhonding Muskingum and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 219 square miles (567 km²).
 Chno Dearg (Gaelic: A' Chnò Dhearg) is a Scottish mountain situated 25 km east of Fort William Highland in the Lochaber area of the Highland council area.
 The Klein Lauteraarhorn (3737 m) is a peak of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Unteraar Glacier in the canton of Bern. It lies south of the Lauteraarhorn on the range separating the Strahlegg Glacier from the Lauteraar Glacier both tributaries of the Unteraar Glacier.
 for the river of Kalimantan see Jelai-Bila RiverJelai River is a river of Pahang Malaysia
 The Valea Purcărenilor River is a tributary of the Porumbacu river in Romania.
 The River Vyrnwy (Welsh: Afon Efyrnwy pronounced [ɛˈvərnʊɨ]) is a river which flows through northern Powys Wales and Shropshire England.The river used to be sourced from the many rivers and streams running off the mountains surrounding the Vyrnwy valley. However since the Lake Vyrnwy dam was built in the 1880s the river has flowed directly from the base of the dam.
 The Stoia River is a tributary of the Olăneşti River in Romania.
 Étang de Brouquenat is a lake in Ariège France.
 Gobenowsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. It is at an elevation of 57.5 m and its surface area is 1.35 km².
 The Ciurezu River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 The Crna (also Crna Reka Macedonian: About this sound Црна Река or Reka Crna) is river in the Republic of Macedonia right tributary of the Vardar. It runs though much of the south and west of the country. Its source is in the mountains of western Macedonia west of Kruševo. It flows through the village Sopotnica and southwards through the plains east of Bitola.
 Lake Engure is a lake in the western part of Latvia in the Talsi District. It is the third largest lake in the country after Lake Lubāns and Lake Rāzna.Lake Engure is an ancient sea lagoon divided from the sea by a 1.5 - 2.5 km wide sand bar with dunes. Its outflow is the artificial Mersraga channel dug in 1842.
 Lake Vanda is a lake in Wright Valley Victoria Land Ross Dependency Antarctica. The lake is 5 km long and has a maximum depth of 69 m. On its shore New Zealand maintained Vanda Station from 1968 to 1995. Lake Vanda is a hypersaline lake with a salinity more than ten times that of seawater more than the salinity of the Dead Sea and perhaps even more than of Lake Assal (Djibouti) which is the world's most saline lake outside of Antarctica.
 Samdobong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1176 metres.
 The River Meden is a river in Nottinghamshire England. Its source lies just north of Huthwaite near the Derbyshire border and from there it flows north east through Pleasley and Warsop before merging temporarily with the River Maun near Bothamsall. The rivers divide after a short distance and go on separately to a point near Markham Moor where they once more combine to form the River Idle.
 Stegau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 East Fork Little Cimarron River is a tributary of the Little Cimarron River in Gunnison County Colorado. The stream flows north from a source in the Uncompahgre National Forest to a confluence with the Little Cimarron River.
 The Río Loco is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Matzbach (Brensbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Gross Schinhorn (also known as Punta di Valdeserta) is a 2939 metre high mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border.A lower summit (2917 m) named Klein Schinhorn lies north of the Gross Schinhorn. The two summits are referred as the Schinhörner.
 The Auaiá-Miçu River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Valea Poeții River is a tributary of the Șesul Băgăului River in Romania.
 The Yurumanguí River is a river of Colombia. It drains into the Pacific Ocean.
 Wheeling Creek is a tributary of the Ohio River 25 miles (40 km) long in the Northern Panhandle of West Virginia in the United States with a watershed extending into southwestern Pennsylvania. Via the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of approximately 300 square miles (780 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau. It flows into the Ohio River in downtown Wheeling just downstream of Ohio's Wheeling Creek on the opposite bank.
 The Mitchel Range is a mountain range in San Bernardino County California.
 Hirtenbach (Wetter) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Radomil River is a tributary of the Fiezel River in Romania.
 The Valea lui Sănui River is a tributary of the Secaş river in Romania.
 The Glavaciocul Mare River is a tributary of the Glavacioc River in Romania.
 The Dos Meros River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The river Tresa leaves Lake Lugano at a point between Lavena Ponte Tresa in Italy and Ponte Tresa in Switzerland and flows into Lake Maggiore near Luino a few hundred metres after joining the Margorabbia. At the outflow from Lake Lugano the river is crossed by a bridge which unites the Swiss and Italian parts of Ponte Tresa; a customs post divides them.The river is about 13 km long and for most of its course marks the boundary between the Italian Province of Varese and the Swiss canton Ticino.
 The Castelu River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
 Garbi is a mountain in the western part of the Tadjourah Region in Djibouti. It is located about 102 kilometres (63 mi) east of Djibouti City. With a mean height of 1680 metres (5512 ft) the average temperature for the highlands is approximately 15°C.
 Gardominka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Rega.
 Parrossaz is a mountain of Savoie and Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Aravis range. It has an elevation of 2556 metres above sea level.
 The Sas dles Nü (German: Neuner; Italian: Cima Nove) is a mountain in the Dolomites near La Val South Tyrol Italy.
 Swinsty Reservoir is located in the Washburn valley north of Otley and west of Harrogate in Yorkshire England. Construction began in 1871 and was completed in 1878. The capacity is about 866 million gallons with a surface area of 63 hectares. It can be found from the A59 road.The reservoir is below and directly adjoining Fewston Reservoir.
 Mount Cherry-Garrard (71°18′S 168°41′E) is a peak at the seaward end of the divide between Simpson Glacier and Fendley Glacier on the north coast of Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was first charted by the Northern Party led by Victor Campbell of the British Antarctic Expedition 1910–13. They named the feature for Apsley Cherry-Garrard Assistant Zoologist on the expedition.
 The Hatzenbeck is a left tributary of the Wupper River in the municipality of Elberfeld-West of the North Rhine-Westphalian city of Wuppertal.
 The River Cegidog (Welsh: Afon Cegidog) is a river in north-east Wales. It flows mainly through Flintshire but towards the end of its course it forms the border between Flintshire and Wrexham County Borough.Its source lies in the hills of southernmost Flintshire to the east of Rhydtalog village. It flows in a roughly north-easterly direction before turning south east through the villages of Llanfynydd and Ffrith where the Nant-y-Ffrith stream flows into it.
 Henry Frères is a lunar crater that is located in the southwestern part of the Moon's near side. It lies just to the west-northwest of the crater Henry a similar diameter feature. To the west-southwest of Henry Frères is the much larger crater Byrgius. Rays from the satellite crater Byrgius A lie across the floor of this formation forming a wispy trace from west to east.The outer rim of Henry Frères is nearly circular with a slight outward bulge along the southwest.
 The Valea lui Stan River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Al-Hamadhani is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 186 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Al-Hamadhani is named for the Arab writer Badi' al-Zaman al-Hamadani who died in 1007 C.E.
 Yanarahu (Quechua yana black rahu snow ice mountain with snow black snow peak hispanicized spelling Yanaraju) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5100 metres (16732 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region in the provinces Carhuaz and Huaraz. Yanarahu lies in the Huascarán National Park west of the Tuqllarahu and north-east of the Urus.
 The Grand Mesa is a large mesa in western Colorado in the United States. It is the largest flat-topped mountain in the entire world[citation needed]. It has an area of about 500 square miles (1300 km2) and stretches for about 40 miles (64 km) east of Grand Junction between the Colorado River and the Gunnison River its tributary to the south. The north side of the mesa is drained largely by Plateau Creek a smaller tributary of the Colorado.
 Weitsee is a small lake on between Reit im Winkl and Ruhpolding with an area of 63.60 ha and a maximum depth of 9.30 m. The lake itself is separated in a shallow western and a deeper eastern part by a mountain halfisland. It is the first lake in the Dreiseengebiet (Three Lake Area) followed by the Mittersee and Lödensee. The lakes are located in the valley between the Gurnwandkopf und Dürrnbachhorn next to the Deutsche Alpenstraße B305 (German Alpine Street).
 The Caloosahatchee River is a river on the southwest Gulf Coast of Florida in the United States approximately 67 miles (108 km) long. It drains rural areas on the northern edge of the Everglades northwest of Miami. An important link in the Okeechobee Waterway a manmade inland waterway system of southern Florida the river forms a tidal estuary along most of its course and has recently become the subject of efforts to restore and preserve the Everglades.
 Hatunqucha (Quechua hatun (in Bolivia always jatun) big large qucha lake big lake hispanicized spelling Jatuncocha) is a lake in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru located in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Santa Cruz District. It lies in the Santa Cruz gorge between the mountains Kitarahu in the north and Qaras in the south northeast of the smaller lake Ichikqucha.The little river Yuraqmayu flows through the lake. It is a right tributary of the Santa River.
 Monte Vioz is a 3645 metres (11959 ft) mountain in Northern Italy at the border between Lombardy and Trentino. It is located in the Ortles – Cevedale mountain chain of the Italian Alps.The Forni glacier (Ghiacciaio dei Forni) lies on the west side of Monte Vioz flowing into the Valle dei Forni.
 Hainzel is the southern member of a trio of overlapping lunar craters. The composite rim is located at the west edge of Lacus Timoris in the southwest sector of the Moon. The heavily worn crater Mee is attached to the southwest wall; its rim forms a ridge running from the south of the Hainzel formation.Hainzel forms the south portion of the grouping and is overlain by Hainzel C to the northeast and then by Hainzel A in the north.
 Yarí River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin and flows into the Putumayo River.
 The São João River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Avon River a perennial stream of the Manning River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Mușetescu River is a tributary of the Valea Rea River in Romania.
 Lake Tapps is a reservoir in Pierce County Washington. It was created in 1911 by Puget Sound Energy and operated for hydroelectric power until it ceased power production in 2004. In December 2009 PSE sold the lake to the Cascade Water Alliance [1] a municipal corporation whose members are five cities (Bellevue Issaquah Kirkland Redmond and Tukwila) and two water districts (Sammamish Plateau Water and Sewer District and the Skyway Water and Sewer District).
 The Wurzen Pass (German: Wurzenpass Slovene: Korensko sedlo) is a mountain pass in a col of the Karawanken mountain range in the Southern Limestone Alps on the border between Arnoldstein in the Austrian state of Carinthia and Kranjska Gora in Slovenia. It is named after the nearby village of Podkoren (Wurzen).The pass connects the Austrian B109 Wurzenpass Straße from Villach with the Slovenian highway No. 201 to the A2 motorway and Ljubljana.
 The Bodil River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 The Skree Range is a subrange of the Stikine Ranges located between the Dease River and Eagle River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Guaiamã River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Miette Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located south of Highway 16 near the east border of Jasper National Park Canada.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Richland Creek is a river in Texas.
 The Çoruh River (Turkish: Çoruh Georgian: ჭოროხი ch'orokhi Greek: Άκαμψις Akampsis Armenian Ճորոխ- (Tchorokh)) rises in the Mescit Mountains in north-eastern Turkey flows through the cities of Bayburt Ispir Yusufeli and Artvin along the Kelkit-Çoruh Fault before flowing into Georgia where it reaches the Black Sea just south of Batumi and a few kilometers north of the Turkish-Georgian border.In Arrian's Periplus Ponti Euxini it is called the Άκαμψις Acampsis; Pliny may have confused it with the Bathys. 
 Silver Lake is a 333-acre (1.35 km2) water body located in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire in the towns of Harrisville and Nelson. Water from Silver Lake flows via Minnewawa Brook and The Branch to the Ashuelot River a tributary of the Connecticut River.
 Sugarloaf Mountain is a mountain located in Franklin County Maine. It is the third highest peak in the state after Mount Katahdin's Baxter and Hamlin peaks. Sugarloaf is flanked to the south by Spaulding Mountain.The northeast and west sides of Sugarloaf drain into the South Branch of the Carrabassett River which flows into the Kennebec River and into the Gulf of Maine.
 The Sutter Buttes formerly known as the Marysville Buttes are a small circular complex of eroded volcanic lava domes which rise as buttes above the flat plains of the Central Valley of California in the United States. The summit of South Butte at 2122+ feet (647+ m) is the highest point in Sutter Buttes and the highest point in Sutter County California. The Buttes are located just outside of Yuba City California in the Sacramento Valley the northern part of the Central Valley.
 The Drăstănicu River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Herătău River is a tributary of the Călmăţui River in Romania.
 Mont Terri (804 m) is a mountain of the Jura located south of Cornol in the canton of Jura.A prehistoric site is located on the summit.
 Snowshoe Lake is a lake in the Lake Huron drainage basin 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) northeast of the community of Burton and the Canadian National Railway line in Whitestone Parry Sound District Ontario Canada. It is about 500 metres (1640 ft) long and 180 metres (591 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 236 metres (774 ft).
 The Ruby Range is a mountain range in Madison and Beaverhead counties Montana. The range lies east of Dillon and southwest of Sheridan. The highest point Ruby Peak with an elevation of 9391 feet (2862 m) lies in the northeast portion of the range. Gordon Peak with an elevation of 8478 ft (2584 m) lies in the southwest part of the range to the southeast of Dillon. The range is oriented NE–SW with a length of about 42.7 kilometres (26.5 mi).
 Mount Farquhar or Mount Francis Farquhar is a peak in Kings Canyon National Park. It is named in for of Francis P. Farquhar a conservationist who played a key role in creating the park.
 The Zimbrul River is a tributary of the Selhiș River in Romania.
 The Râul Strâmb is a tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania.
 Lake Purrumbete is a volcanic lake located in the Western District of Victoria (Australia). Lake Purrumbete is approximately 15 km east of the town of Camperdown. The lake is in a shallow volcanic crater. The water is crystal clear most times of the year as the lake relies totally on its own catchment.
 The Rouvre is a river in Lower Normandy in the Orne département a tributary of the Orne.The river's source is in the commune of Beauvain a few kilometres to the east of La Ferté-Macé. After crossing the Pays d'Houlme it turns in a north-westerly direction to re-enter the Norman Switzerland and then in its last 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) passes around Bréel.
 The Arun River (Nepali: अरुण नदी) is a trans-boundary river and is part of the Kosi or Sapt Koshi river system in Nepal. It originates in Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China where it is called Bum-chu.
 Angelburg is a mountain of Hesse Germany. At an altitude of 609m its peak is located in Lahn-Dill-Kreis district near the local center of Hirzenhain-Bahnhof which is part of Eschenburg.
 New Spicer Meadow Reservoir is a reservoir in Stanislaus National Forest in the Sierra Nevada in Tuolumne County near the Alpine County line at an elevation of 6621 feet (2018 m). The 189000 acre foot (233000000 m3) reservoir is formed by New Spicer Meadow Dam on Highland Creek a tributary of the Stanislaus River. The 265-foot (81 m) tall dam is composed of rock-fill and was completed in 1989.
 Col d'Andrion (el. 1680 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes-Maritimes in France.It connects Roquebillière in the Vésubie River valley and Pont de la Lune in the valley of the Tinée River.
 Mazartag (Chinese: 麻扎塔格山; pinyin: Mázhātǎgé Shān; Uyghur: مازارتاغ Mazartagh) is an arc-shaped mountain range located in the western part of Tarim Basin between the Hotan and Yarkand river valleys Xinjiang China. It is some 145 km long and 3 to 5 km wide; the highest peak rises to 1635 m. The range is mainly composed of sandstones.
 The Cape Breton Highlands commonly called the Highlands refer to a highland or mountainous plateau of ancient rock across the northern part of Cape Breton Island in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia.Considered an extension of the Appalachian mountain chain the Highlands comprise the northern portions of Inverness and Victoria counties.The Highlands are surrounded by water with the Atlantic Ocean on the east the Cabot Strait to the north and east the Gulf of St.
 The Valea Adâncă River is a tributary of the Sineşti in Romania
 Boyuk Alagol redirects here. For the lake in Kyrgyzstan please see Ala-KulBoyuk Alagol (Azerbaijani: Böyük Alagöl) is a lake of Azerbaijan. It's located Karabakh volcanic plateau in Kalbajar Rayon. Since 1993 it's under occupation by Armenian forces. Its area is 5.1 km2 and the volume of water reaches 24.3 m3.
 Lake Pinaroo lies in Sturt National Park in the Far West Region of New South Wales Australia. On 17 March 1996 the lake was recognised as a wetland of international importance by designation (RS799) under the Ramsar Convention.
 South Karo River (Hindi: दक्शिणि कारो नदी) flows through Sundergarh and Keonjhar districts and West Singhbhum in the Indian states of Odisha and Jharkhand respectively. The river flows through industrial and iron ore mining areas and Saranda forest before joining the South Koel River in Goilkera block of West Singhbhum district. As a result of its passage through the industrial and mining area the river water gets polluted.
 Tana River (Cuba) is a river of southern Cuba.
 Ulvich (Russian: Ульвич) is a river in Perm Krai Russia right tributary of Yayva River. It is 72 km in length. Area of basin is 401 km2. It starts on west slope of Kvarkush mountain range. Its mouth located downstream of village Sukhaya in 207 km from mouth of Yayva River. There are some small tributaries.
 Lake Alice is a small lake approximately 7 km south west of Marton in the Manawatu-Wanganui region of the North Island. The nearby Lake Alice Hospital that closed in 1999 is named after the lake.
 Rockfish Gap is a wind gap located in the Blue Ridge Mountains between Charlottesville and Waynesboro Virginia United States through Afton Mountain which is frequently used to refer to the gap.Joining the Shenandoah Valley to the Piedmont region of the state it is the site of the mountain crossing of Interstate 64 U.S. Highway 250 and the former Blue Ridge Railroad which later became part of the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway and is currently part of the CSX line.
 The Tiasmyn river (Ukrainian: Тясмин) is a right tributary of the Dnieper River in Ukraine. The Tiasmyn originates in the north central part of the Dnieper hills in the central Ukrainian province of Kirovohrad. From there it flows through the Cherkasy Oblast where it finally flows into the Kremenchuk Reservoir. The river forms a U-turn (180°) in its central run.
 The Bay of Gibraltar (also known as Gibraltar Bay or Bay of Algeciras or Algeciras Bay direct translation of Spanish Bahía de Algeciras the usual name in Spain) is a bay at the southern end of the Iberian Peninsula. It is around 10 km (6.2 mi) long by 8 km (5.0 mi) wide covering an area of some 75 km2 (29 sq mi) with a depth of up to 400 m (1300 ft) in the centre of the bay. It opens to the south into the Strait of Gibraltar and the Mediterranean Sea.The shoreline is densely settled.
 Svislach (Belarusian: Свíслач pronounced [ˈsʲvʲisɫatʂ] ) or Svisloch (Russian: Свислочь) is a river in Belarus a right tributary of the Biarezina river. It is 327 km in length. The name is derived from the root -visl- 'flowing' of Indo-European origin (compare the Vistula River).Svislach flows through Minsk the capital of Belarus.
 The Johnstone River is a river in North Queensland Australia. The river has two main branches the North Johnstone River and the South Johnstone River. The town of Innisfail is the largest settlement in the catchment and is built on the banks of the lower Johnstone River where the two branches split.
 The Spanish Peaks are a pair of prominent mountains located in southwestern Huerfano County Colorado. The Ute Indians named them Huajatolla (pronounced Wa-ha-toy-a) meaning two breasts. The Ute name translates as Breasts of the Earth. The two peaks West Spanish Peak (13626 feet or 4153 meters) and East Spanish Peak (12683 feet or 3866 meters) are east of and separate from the Culebra Range of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains.
 The Waiatoto River is a river of the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. Formed from several small rivers which are fed by glaciers surrounding Mount Aspiring it flows north along a valley flanked in the west by the Haast Range before turning northwest to reach the Tasman Sea 20 kilometres southwest of Haast. Much of the river's length is within Mount Aspiring National Park.
 Wilsons River a perennial river and part of the Richmond River catchment is situated in the Northern Rivers district of New South Wales Australia.
 The Cordillera de la Ramada (Spanish for Range of the Shelter also called Cordón de la Ramada in which cordón means 'ribbon' or 'rope' is a mountain range in the San Juan province of Argentina bordering on Chile forming part of the Andes. Its highest peak is Mercedario at 6720 metres (22050 ft).The first ascents of several peaks in the range were achieved by a Polish expedition of 1934 organized by the Tatra Society and led by Konstanty Jodko-Narkiewicz whose party consisted of S. W.
 The Pârâul Ascuns is a tributary of the Merişor River in Romania.
 The Rose River is an 8.8-mile-long (14.2 km) river in the U.S. state of Virginia. Rising south of Hawksbill Mountain the highest point in Shenandoah National Park the river flows southeast to its junction near Syria Virginia with the Robinson River a tributary of the Rapidan River and part of the Rappahannock River watershed.
 The Fitzroy River Barrage was finished in 1970 after four years of construction to meet the long term water supply needs of Rockhampton. It holds around 80000 megalitres of water.
 The Largu River or Bolătău River is a tributary of the Bistriţa in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui.
 Monte Colma is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the provinces of Genoa and Alessandria. It lies at an altitude of 856 metres.
 The Kunkels Pass (German: Kunkelspass) (el. 1357 m) is a mountain pass in Eastern Switzerland across the Glarus Alps. It connects Vättis in the canton of St. Gallen to Tamins in the canton of Graubünden. The pass itself is located south of the hamlet of Kunkels within Graubünden. The Kunkels Pass is traversed by a small road.The pass is overlooked by the Ringelspitz and by the Calanda.
 The Tisoasa River is a headwater of the Schit River in Romania.
 The Do Mato River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Pongal River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Pfeffer (Brenz) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mount Kuchela Dhura is a mountain located in Pithoragarh Uttarakhand India. It is located at the near true right bank of Lwa Glacier or true left bank of Shalang glacier surrounded by Mount Nandakot 6861 metres and 0.6041 metres to its south-west and north-east respectively. This peak offers a 3 km (approx.) long rutted ridge leading to Nanda Kot’s north face. An unknown attempt was made in the late 1980's and no information of route and team.
 Mount Bachelor formerly named Bachelor Butte is a stratovolcano atop a shield volcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the Cascade Range of central Oregon.The Mount Bachelor ski area has operated on the mountain since 1958.The volcano lies at the northern end of the 15-mile (24 km) long Mount Bachelor Volcanic Chain.
 National grid reference NR94807054Asgog Loch is a natural loch situated about 4 km south-west of Tighnabruaich which was dammed to create an impounding reservoir for the supply of water to the Low Mills of the nearby gunpowder mills at Millhouse (The Kames Powder Works).
 Keilhaus topp is one of Norway's highest mountains but is not always included in rankings due to its prominence of only 20 m.The summit lies approximately 750 m east of Galdhøpiggen Norway's highest.
 The Coza River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Pârâul lui Toader and Pârâul Mioarele
 The Alzette (Luxembourgish: Uelzecht German: Alzig) is a river with a length of 73 kilometers in France and Luxembourg. It is a right tributary of the Sauer.It rises in Thil near the town Villerupt in the Meurthe-et-Moselle département France. It crosses the border with Luxembourg after a few kilometres. At Lameschmillen (near Bergem) it is joined by the Mess.
 The Săcal River ( Hungarian: Szakál-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Peștera River is a tributary of the Paroş River in Romania.
 Kozyrev is an impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south-southeast of the crater Carver and to the southwest of the Roche–Pauli crater pair.This is an eroded crater formation although most of the outer rim remains well-defined. There is a small slightly skewed crater laid across the north-northwestern rim. Attached to the southeast of this feature in the northern part of Kozyrev's interior floor is a smaller bowl-shaped crater.
 Mont Mallet (3989 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in Haute-Savoie France.
 Big Black River is a river in the U.S. state of Mississippi and a tributary of the Mississippi River. Its origin (33°41′40″N 89°07′59″W) is in Webster County near the town of Eupora in the north central part of the state. From there it flows 330 miles (530 km) in a generally southwest direction until it merges with the Mississippi River 25 miles (40 km) south of the city of Vicksburg. It is the major contributor to the Big Black River Basin.
 The Ammer Saddle (German: Ammersattel 1082 m 3550 ft) is a high mountain pass in the Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and Bavaria Germany.The pass is located in the Ammergau region of southern Bavaria. It leads from Ettal near Oberammergau (in the Landkreis Garmisch-Partenkirchen) to Reutte in northwest Tyrol.
 Totak is a lake in the municipality of Vinje in Telemark county Norway. The lake is part of the Skein river watershed (Skiensvassdraget) discharging via the river Tokke to lake Bandak. At 306 m Totak is the 10th deepest lake in Norway; this tremendous overdeepening marks it as a glacially formed lake with characteristics similar to a fjord. Its volume of 2.36 km³ makes it the 20th largest by volume as well. It is part of the Tokke Hydroelectric Power Station.
 Lej Nair (literally Black Lake) is a lake above Silvaplana in the Engadin valley Grisons Switzerland. A hiking trail leads from Lej Marsch to Lej Nair. Hahnensee (Lej dals Chöds) and Lej Zuppo are located close by.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Alma Gol Lake (Persian: دریاچه آلماگل‎) also called Lake Ulmagol is a freshwater lake in Golestān Province Iran near the Turkmenistan border.The lake is located 60 kilometres (37 mi) north of Gonbad-e Qabus. The population of catfish (Silurus glanis) in the lake has drastically decreased because of increasing population growth among the villagers. The biggest catfish caught in the lake was reported to be around 30 kilograms (66 lb).Alma Gol is a winter habitat for migratory birds.
 Bear Mountain is a mountain located in the Klamath Mountains of Northern California. The summit located in Siskiyou County is at an elevation of 6411 feet (1954 m). The highest point in Del Norte County is located just west of the summit at about 6400+ feet (1951+ meters).A cirque named Devil's Punchbowl containing a tarn is located on the mountain's north side.Due to its location near the Pacific Ocean the mountain receives tremendous snowfall during the winter.
 Not to be confused with the Afon Brân in Carmarthenshire.The Nant Brân is a short river which rises on the southern slopes of Mynydd Epynt in Powys Wales. The word 'brân' means 'crow' in Welsh: the name may therefore allude to the dark colour of its waters.Its upper reaches are within the military training area of SENTA the British Army's Sennybridge Training Area.
 The Păcura River is a tributary of the Râmnicel River in Romania.
 Mühlenbach (Werre) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Fonău River is a tributary of the Valea Nouă River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Carand River.
 Antler Peak el. 10063 feet (3067 m) is a prominent mountain peak in the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park. The peak was originally named Bell's Peak in honor of an Assistant Secretary of the Interior by either Philetus Norris the second park superintendent or W.H.Holmes a U.S. Geological Survey geologist in 1878. However in 1885 Arnold Hague of the U.S.
 Bachalpsee or Bachse is a lake with an area of 8.06 ha (19.9 acres) close to the First (which can be reached with a cable car) above Grindelwald in the Bernese Oberland Switzerland. The lake located at an elevation of 2265 m (7431 ft) is split by a natural dam the smaller part of the lake being 6 m (20 ft) lower.The lake is featured in Gmail as part of its mountain theme background (as of 2013). Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Kleine Triebisch is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Khari River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Matana Madh village. Its basin has a maximum length of 50 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 113 square kilometres (44 sq mi).
 Stutfield Peak is a mountain in Jasper National Park Alberta Canada. It is located at the northern end of the Columbia Icefield 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north-west from Mount Kitchener in the Winston Churchill Range of the Canadian Rockies.In 1899 mountaineer J.
 The Popa Nica River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
 Back River a perennial stream of the Manning River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Midford Brook is a small river in Somerset England.It is formed by convergence of the Wellow Brook and Cam Brook at Midford before passing Tucking Mill and joining the River Avon close to the Dundas Aqueduct and the remains of the Somerset Coal Canal.It has a catchment area of 147.4 km2 which is largely over impermeable Lias. The deep steep sided valleys means that it responds rapidly to rainfall.
 Mount Mariveles is a dormant volcano located in the province of Bataan in the Philippines. Mt. Mariveles and the adjacent Mount Natib comprise 80.9 percent of the total land area of the province. The mountain and adjacent cones lie opposite the city of Manila across Manila Bay providing a beautiful setting for the sunsets seen from Manila.
 Lake Matapédia is a body of water in Quebec Canada and is the source of the Matapédia River. The town of Amqui lies at the southeast corner of the lake.
 Mount Kurobegorō (黒部五郎岳 Kurobegorō-dake) is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains reaching the height of 2839.58 m (9316 ft). It is situated in Japan's Hida Mountains in Gifu Prefecture and Toyama Prefecture. It was specified for Chūbu-Sangaku National Park on December 4 1934.
 The Pintado River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Złota is a river of Poland a tributary of the San which it meets in the south-eastern village of Kuryłówka.
 Smirnov (Russian: Вулкан Смирнова) is a volcano located at the northwestern end of Kunashir Island Kuril Islands Russia. It comprises Smirnov and Rurui (Russian: Руруй; Japanese: ルルイ岳 Rurui-dake) stratovolcanoes. Rurui is the higher one.
 The Ashit (Russian: Ашит) or Aşıt (Tatar Cyrillic: Ашыт Latin: Aşıt [ʌˈʂɯt]) is a river in Tatarstan and Mari El Russian Federation a left-bank tributary of the Ilet River. Its length is 83 km and its drainage basin is 1087 km². Major tributaries are Ura Semit Shashi Urtemka Ilinka. The maximal mineralization 450 mg/l. Average sediment in mouth per year is 180 mm. Drainage is regulated. The lower part of the valley is swamped. Alat Russia and Bolshaya Atnya stay in the river' valley.
 The Tășad River or Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 The Little Androscoggin River is a 51.4-mile-long (82.7 km) river in Maine. It flows from Bryant Pond in Woodstock (44°21′53″N 70°38′18″W) to its confluence with the Androscoggin River in Auburn. The Androscoggin flows into Merrymeeting Bay in the Kennebec River estuary.The Little Androscoggin flows through the towns of Woodstock Greenwood West Paris Paris (including the village of South Paris) Norway Oxford Mechanic Falls Minot and Poland and the city of Auburn.
 The Izvorul Surpat River is a tributary of the Moaşa river in Romania.
 Nubble Peak also known as The Peak Above The Nubble is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Twin Range of the White Mountains. A rock outcrop on its northwestern ridge is known as The Nubble but topographic maps identify the formation as Haystack Mountain.Nubble Peak is flanked to the south by North Twin Mountain.
 Comanche Reservoir is a large reservoir in the Comanche Peak Wilderness in the Roosevelt National Forest within Colorado United States. It lies on several hiking trails and is close to the Colorado State University Pingree Park wilderness campus.This body of water is not to be confused with Comanche Lake which is shortly to the reservoir's west.
 Erw y Ddafad-ddu is a subsidiary summit of Aran Fawddwy in southern Snowdonia North Wales Wales United Kingdom. It is the third highest peak in the Aran mountain range.It is lies at the centre of the main Aran ridge situated between Aran Fawddwy to the south and Aran Benllyn to the north. Its east ridge leads off to the summit of Foel Hafod-fynydd. The summit is rocky and is marked by a small cairn.
 Rittenhouse is a small lunar crater that is located in the southern part of the Moon's far side. It lies amidst the western outer ramparts of the immense walled plain Schrödinger. To the west is the prominent crater Hale just visible from the Earth along the lunar limb.This is a rounded but not quite circular formation with a slightly boxy appearance. The rim edge is sharply defined and has received little wear from minor impacts.
 Mount Kuro (黒岳 Kuro-dake) is a lava dome located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Laguna Mandioré is a lake on the border of Brazil and Bolivia. At an elevation of 90 m its surface area is 152 km².
 Mount Blanco is a small white hill — an erosional remnant — located on the eastern border of the Llano Estacado within Blanco Canyon in Crosby County Texas. It is the type locality of the Blanco Formation and Blancan Fauna which occurs throughout North America.
 The Croix de Belledonne is one of the highest points in the Belledonne chain at 2926 metres (9600 ft).
 Marshy Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island south of western end of Horne Lake.
 Searles Lake is an endorheic dry lake in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California with the mining community Trona on its western shore. The evaporite basin is approximately 19 km (12 mi) long and 13 km (8.1 mi) at its widest point yielding 1.7 million tons annually of industrial minerals within the basin to the Searles Valley Minerals mining operations. Searles Lake is bounded by the Argus and Slate Mountains.
 The Valea Mică River is a tributary of the Birtin River in Romania.
 The River Whitewater rises at springs near Bidden Grange Farm between Upton Grey and Greywell. It flows northeast through Hampshire and is a tributary of the River Blackwater near Swallowfield. Its headwaters flow over chalk and there is little pollution making the River Whitewater rich in wildlife.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Năruja River in Romania.
 The Ferigele River is a tributary of the Valea Satului River in Romania.
 Peekamoose Mountain is a mountain located in Ulster County New York. The mountain is part of the Catskill Mountains.Peekamoose Mountain is flanked to the north by Table Mountain. The name Peekamoose is possibly a corruption of an Algonquin word meaning 'broken off smooth' cf. Poke-O-Moonshine Mountain.Peekamoose Mountain stands within the watershed of Rondout Creek a tributary of the Hudson River which drains into New York Bay. The east and southeast slopes of Peekamoose Mtn.
 Hoosier Hill is the highest natural point in the state of Indiana at 1257 feet (383 m) above sea level. It is in the rural area of Franklin Township Wayne County to the northwest of Bethel. The nearest intersection to the high point is Elliot Road and County Line Road. The nearest major landmark is Interstate 70 and Richmond 11 miles (17.5 km) to the south.The Hill sits on private property; the high point sits in a forested area surrounded by farmland.
 The Funicel River is a headwater of the Coșeana River in Romania.
 Rhobell Fawr is an extinct volcano in the Arenig range within the Snowdonia National Park. Despite its modest height of 734 m (2408 feet) it is a mountain with views of higher peaks all around including the north face of Cadair Idris and distant Snowdon. The paths are not well trodden but there is a distinct path up from Bwlch Goriwared a couple of miles north-north-east of the small village of Llanfachreth.
 Paasselkä (earlier Paasivesi both names roughly mean 'Stone lake') is an oval-shaped lake formed in an eroded impact crater in Southern Savonia Finland. The lake which is a part of Orivesi which is in turn part of the Greater Saimaa is devoid of islands which makes it different from other lakes in the region.
 Doe Hill Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country located northwest of Linville Falls. Though the mountain itself is undeveloped it is flanked on all sides by tree farms and the following roads: US 221 to the east NC 194 to the north US 19E to the west and Brushy Creek Road (SR-1101) to the south. Pink Ridge form from the northern side of the mountain.The mountain generates feeder streams to the North Toe River.
 The Ålfotbreen glacier is located in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 17-square-kilometre (6.6 sq mi) glacier is located on the border of three municipalities in the Nordfjord region: Bremanger Flora and Gloppen. It is located west of the village of Hyen south of the village of Ålfoten and east of the village of Svelgen.The glacier reaches an elevation of 1385 metres (4544 ft) at its highest point.
 The Kamma Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County and Humboldt County Nevada. The ghost town and railroad siding at Sulphur Nevada is on the west side of the Kamma Mountains at the eastern edge of the Black Rock Desert playa.The Kamma Mountains are the site of Nevada's Sulphur Mining District. Allied Nevada Gold Corporation operates the Hycroft Gold Mine a strip mine in the Kamma Mountains.
 Siskiwit Lake is a small eutrophic lake on the Bayfield Peninsula in Bayfield County in northern Wisconsin in the United States. The lake is located about 4.5 miles (7.2 km) south of Siskiwit Bay an arm of Lake Superior and about 2 miles (3.2 km) north of the northern boundary of Chequamegon National Forest. Duluth-Superior is about 48 miles (77 km) to the west.
 The Kayaderosseras Creek usually shortened to Kaydeross is the largest river that lies completely within Saratoga County New York State. It originates in the northern part of the county passes through the Town of Greenfield and the Town of Milton and serves as the boundary between the City of Saratoga Springs and the Town of Malta before emptying into Saratoga Lake.The Mohawk tribe of the Iroquois five nations utilized the Kayaderosseras Valley as a summer hunting and fishing destination.
 Ochoco Summit (el. 4720 ft.) is a mountain pass in Oregon traversed by Oregon Route 26.
 Sengelsberg is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 The Turcu River or Ture River is a tributary of the Jolotca River in Romania.
 Mount Weaver is a mountain standing 3 km west of Mount Wilbur at the head of the Scott Glacier in the Queen Maud region of the Transantarctic Mountains of Antarctica. Discovered and ascended in December 1934 by members of the Byrd AE geological party under Quin Blackburn. Named by them for Charles E. Weaver professor of paleontology at the University of Washington.
 Lake Abant (Turkish: Abant Gölü) is a freshwater lake in Turkey's Bolu Province in northwest Anatolia formed as a result of a great landslide. The lake lies at an altitude of 1328 m (4357 ft) at a distance of 32 km (20 mi) from the provincial seat of Bolu city.
 Places called Mormont are also found in the Érezée and Nassogne municipalities of Belgium.Le Mormont is a hill in the Swiss canton of Vaud rising to an altitude of 605 metres or a prominence of about 115 metres. It is part of the Éclépens municipality. The name is first recorded in AD 814 as Mauromonte.
 Elmer Thomas Lake is a lake in Comanche County in the state of Oklahoma in the United States. It is located on the boundary between the Wichita Mountain Wildlife Refuge and Fort Sill military base.The lake has a stream source from Little Medicine Creek encompasses 334 acres (135 ha) and primarily serves as a recreation area.
 Oba Lake – South is a lake of the Algoma District in northern Ontario Canada. It is located on the northwestern border of the Chapleau Crown Game Preserve.
 Fernandina Island (formerly known in English as Narborough Island after John Narborough) is the third largest and youngest island of the Galápagos Islands. Like the others the island was formed by the Galápagos hotspot. The island is an active shield volcano that has been erupting since April 11 2009. It is the westernmost of the islands in the archipelago and was named in honor of King Ferdinand of Spain who sponsored the voyage of Christopher Columbus.
 Càrn Mairg is a Scottish mountain located 18 km west of Aberfeldy in the Perth and Kinross council area. It stands on the northern side of Glen Lyon in a cluster of four Munros known as the Càrn Mairg group which are situated in a semi circle around the Invervar Burn.
 Cache Creek is a small creek in Cotton County Oklahoma and a tributary of the Red River. Cache Creek has a distance of 5.5 miles (8.85 km) from the Red River to the East Cache Creek and West Cache Creek basin. The East Cache Creek and West Cache Creek confluence is located 6 miles (9.75 km) southwest of Temple Oklahoma.Cache Creek has three primary tributaries East Cache Creek West Cache Creek and Deep Red Creek.
 The Anchicayá River in western Colombia has its headwaters in the Farallones de Cali and flows northwest into the Pacific Ocean at Buenaventura Bay. This watershed is known for its excellent biodiversity especially with birds amphibians and butterflies. It is famous for being one of the best birdwatching areas in the Neotropics. Steven Hilty studied the birds of this area in the 1970s while gathering data for the Guide to the Birds of Colombia which was published in 1986.
 Moses Lake is a lake located near Texas City Texas USA in the Houston-Sugar Land-Baytown metropolitan area. It is fed by Moses Bayou and drains into Galveston Bay.
 The Saliente River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Mount Gimie is the tallest mountain on the island of Saint Lucia. The mountain's peak reaches 950 m (3117 ft). It is of volcanic origin and is covered by lush tropical rainforest.[citation needed]
 The Porcu River is a tributary of the Roşia River in Romania.
 The Hoteo River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand. It flows southwest from its sources close to the North Auckland Peninsula's east coast before emptying into the southern lobe of the Kaipara Harbour.The lower reaches of the river are popular with whitebaiters and recreational fishermen and the river also hosts the annual Hoteo River Raft Race a no-holds-barred event.
 The Tyhume River is a river in Amathole District Municipality in the central part of the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.It springs in the forested mountains of Hogsback part of the Amatola Mountains and runs down the Tyhume River Valley and through the eastern verge of the small town of Alice Eastern Cape bordering most of the Fort Hare University grounds.Almost in the centre of the valley it is being dammed by the Binfield Park Dam at 32°41′13″S 26°54′16″E a major water storage reservoir for the rural settlements and farms in the area as well as Middledrift town lower down all in the Nkonkobe Local Municipality area. 
 Gaasperplas is an artificial lake used for recreational purposes south-east of Amsterdam in the Netherlands.Gaasperplas was created with the extraction of sand for the construction of the Bijlmer. At its deepest the lake is 35 metres deep.
 The Volcán de Colima also known as Volcán de Fuego is part of the Colima Volcanic Complex (CVC) consisting of Volcán de Colima Nevado de ColimaAbout this sound ne'βado de ko'lima and the eroded El Cantaro (listed as extinct). It is the younger of the three and is currently one of the most active volcanos in Mexico and in North America. It has erupted more than 40 times since 1576. One of the largest eruptions was on January 20–24 1913.
 Aququcha (Quechua aqu sand qucha lake sand lake hispanicized spelling Acococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Yauli Province Marcapomacocha District. It is situated at a height of about 4644 metres (15236 ft) about 0.73 km long and 0.28 km at its widest point. Aququcha lies south east of the lakes Markapumaqucha and Markaqucha.
 The Middle Fork Flathead River is a 92-mile (148 km) river in western Montana in the United States forming the southwestern boundary of Glacier National Park. Its drainage basin lies to the east of the South Fork Flathead River and the Hungry Horse Reservoir. Towns along the river include West Glacier Nyack Pinnacle Essex and Nimrod.The river's headwaters lie in the Bob Marshall Wilderness at the confluence of two small streams Strawberry Creek and Bowl Creek.
 Sibu crater is an impact crater lying situated within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region on the surface of the planet Mars located in the Valles Marineris hemisphere in an area southeast of the Jones crater.It is located at 23.3°S 19.8°W﻿ / -23.3; -19.8﻿ (Sibu) and is 17.63 kilometres in diameter. It was named after the town of Sibu in Sarawak Malaysia in 1976.
 Mindungsan (Gyeonggi-do) is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1023 metres
 Süseler See is a lake at Süsel Kreis Ostholstein Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 24 m its surface area is 0.77 km².
 Gwimokbong is a mountain in Gapyeong County Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It rests between the peaks of Cheonggyesan and Myeongjisan. Gwimokbong has an elevation of 1036 m (3399 ft).
 The Candeias River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Country Pond is a 255-acre (103 ha) water body located in Rockingham County in southern New Hampshire United States in the towns of Kingston and Newton. Water from Country Pond flows via the Powwow River to the Merrimack River in Amesbury Massachusetts.
 Lake Tai or Lake Taihu (Chinese: 太湖 p Tài Hú lit. Great Lake) is a large freshwater lake in the Yangtze Delta plain near Shanghai China. The lake belongs to Jiangsu province and the southern shore forms its border with Zhejiang. With an area of 2250 square kilometers (869 sq mi) and an average depth of 2 meters (6.6 ft) it is the third-largest freshwater lake in China after Poyang and Dongting.
 The Light River is a river of Fiordland New Zealand. It rises west of Lake Quill and flows westward into Sutherland Sound.
 Cowan Lake is a lake of Saskatchewan Canada in the basin of the Beaver River (Canada).
 Lake Eugenia is an artificial lake considered to be the Hidden gem of Grey County. Located in Eugenia Ontario the lake is an hour and a half away from Toronto and several kilometres north of Flesherton.
 The River Foyle (from Irish: an Feabhal) is a river in west Ulster in the northwest of Ireland which flows from the confluence of the rivers Finn and Mourne at the towns of Lifford in County Donegal Republic of Ireland and Strabane in County Tyrone Northern Ireland. From here it flows to the City of Derry where it discharges into Lough Foyle and ultimately the Atlantic Ocean. The river separates part of County Donegal from parts of both County Londonderry and County Tyrone.
 The Verron Range is a mountain range in the southern part of New Ireland Papua New Guinea composed of limestone and volcanic rock. The highest point of the mountains is at 2150 m. Together with the Hans Meyer Range and the Lelet Plateau it is one of the main mountainous features of New Ireland.
 The Valea Muntelui River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Coliban River is a river in central Victoria in Australia. It is a major water supply source for towns and cities in the region.
 Große Dumecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 High Crag (Helvellyn) or just High Crag is a mountain in the Lake District National Park in the Helvellyn range in the Eastern part of the Lake District in North West England. High Crag has a Height of 884 m (2900 ft). It is in between Dollywaggon Pike and Nethermost Pike. It is also a part of the Great Helvellyn range.
 Uhrenkopf is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Cime de la Bonette (el. 2860 metres or 9383 feet) is a mountain in the French Alps near the border with Italy. It is situated within the Mercantour National Park on the border of the departments of Alpes-Maritimes and Alpes-de-Haute-Provence between the Ubaye Valley and the valley of the Tinée River. Cime is French for summit.The summit is surrounded by road from the Col de la Bonette which reaches 2802 metres (9193 ft) and is the highest paved through route in the Alps.
 Harvey's Lake or Harvey Lake is a lake in the town of Barnet Vermont in Caledonia County in the northeast section of Vermont United States. It was named after one of the original settlers of Barnet Vermont Colonel Alexander Harvey.
 The Stony River (Minnesota) is a river of Minnesota. It flows into the Rainy River.
 Soløyvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. The 4.85-square-kilometre (1.87 sq mi) lake is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of the town of Bodø.
 Shenandoah Caverns is a commercial show cave in the Shenandoah Valley of Virginia. The word Shenandoah has an uncertain Native American origin and meaning. One meaning is said to be daughter of the stars.Another legend states that the name is derived from the name of an Iroquoian Chief Sherando of the seventeenth century; and this was reportedly also the name of his people.
 Hesperus Mountain or Hesperus Peak elevation 13237 ft (4035 m) is the highest summit in the La Plata Mountains a small subrange of the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado. The mountain is in the San Juan National Forest northwest of Durango.
 The Luchița Mare River is a tributary of the Jidoştiţa River in Romania.
 Tordsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Skjåk in Oppland county Norway within the mountain range Tafjordfjella.
 The Urluia River is a tributary of the Danube River in Romania.
 Highfields Lake is an ornamental lake in the Woodlands wildlife park at Highfields north of Doncaster South Yorkshire England.It is filled by the Pick Burn which then flows on to presumably eventually join the River Don.
 The Valea Baciului is a tributary of the Urluia River in Romania.
 Mandau River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Siak River.
 The Big Wood River is a 137-mile-long (220 km) river in central Idaho. It is a tributary of the Malad River which in turn is tributary to the Snake River and Columbia River.
 El Tigre is an island located in the Gulf of Fonseca a body of water on the Pacific coast of Central America. The island is a conical basaltic stratovolcano and the southernmost volcano in Honduras. It belongs to Valle department.
 Beta Peak is a rock peak 1620 metres (5300 ft) high surmounting a small ice-free mesa 2 nautical miles (4 km) northeast of Pudding Butte in the Prince Albert Mountains Victoria Land. It was so named by the Southern Party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition 1962–63 because they always referred to this feature throughout the season as Station B.
 Mount Shigi (信貴山 Shigisan) is a mountain located in Ikoma District Nara Japan.
 The Mulberry River is a 28.2-mile-long (45.4 km) tributary of the Middle Oconee River in the U.S. state of Georgia. It rises in southeastern Hall County (Braselton) and flows southeast forming the boundary between Jackson and Barrow counties to join the Middle Oconee south of Jefferson.
 Iya is a stratovolcano located in the south-central part of the island of Flores Indonesia south of the city of Ende.
 Hingol River or Hungol River (Urdu: دریائے ہنگول‎) is located in the Makran region in the Gwadar District of southeastern Balochistan Province in southwestern Pakistan. The river and valley are protected within Hingol National Park.
 The Manole River is a tributary of the Hăghimaş River in Romania.
 Fansipan (Vietnamese: Phan Xi Păng About this sound listen) is a mountain in Vietnam the highest in Indochina (comprising Vietnam Laos and Cambodia) at 3143 metres (10312 ft).
 Thiessen is a lunar impact crater that lies in the far northern latitudes on the far side of the Moon. To the west of Thiessen is the younger crater Ricco and to the south-southwest is Roberts. Farther to the east lies Heymans.This is a heavily worn crater with overlapping impacts along the rim to the northeast northwest and west. A small crater occupies the northwestern interior floor. The remaining rim is worn and rounded and the crater is now essentially a depression in the surface.
 Lake Kovzhskoye (Russian: Ковжское озеро) is a freshwater lake located in the center of Vytegorsky District of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is one of the biggest lakes in Vologda Oblast and the second biggest one in Vytegorsky District behind Lake Onega. The area of the lake is 65 square kilometres (25 sq mi) and the area of its basin is 438 square kilometres (169 sq mi). The main tributary of the lake is the Iles River.
 The Becca de Corbassière is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking Fionnay in the canton of Valais. It lies at the northern end of the chain separating the valley of the Corbassière Glacier from the main valley of Bagnes north of the Grand Combin.
 The Fierăria River is a tributary of the Ghimbav river in Romania.
 The Avecutá River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Slettmarkkampen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Cross Lake is a lake in Temagami Nipissing District Ontario Canada about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southwest of the centre of that community. The lake has fish inhabits of walleye smallmouth bass and northern pike.
 The White River Range is a mountain range in White Pine County Nevada.
 The Little Molasses River is an 11.4-mile-long (18.3 km) river in Gladwin County Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of the Molasses River which flows to the Tittabawassee River and is part of the Saginaw River watershed.
 The Lohan River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 Bright Angel Creek is located at the bottom of the Grand Canyon National Park at the end of the Bright Angel Trail on the north side of the Colorado River.
 Lake Francis Case is a large reservoir behind Fort Randall Dam on the Missouri River in south-central South Dakota USA. The lake has an area of 102000 acres (410 km2) and a maximum depth of 140 ft (43 m). Lake Francis Case has a length of approximately 107 mi (172 km) and has a shoreline of 540 mi (870 km). The reservoir is named for former South Dakota Senator Francis H.
 The Pysht River (/ˈpɪʃt/ PISHT) is a stream in the U.S. state of Washington. It originates near Ellis Mountain in the northern Olympic Mountains on the Olympic Peninsula and flows generally north emptying into the Strait of Juan de Fuca. The Pysht and nearby Hoko River are the two largest streams flowing into the southwestern portion of the Strait of Juan de Fuca.
 Sierpienica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Skrwa Prawa.
 The Ururahy River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Gerului River (Romanian pronunciation: [d͡ʒeruˈluj]) is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania. Initially it was a tributary of the Bârlădel a secondary branch of the Siret River. After the embankment of the Siret plain the resectioned course of the Bârladel became the lower reach the Gerului River collecting most of the left tributaries of the lower reach of the Siret. Some maps incorrectly extend the name of Bârlădel River to the entire course of the Gerului River.
 Tuykos (Russian: Туйкос) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Ruch River which in turn is a tributary of Veslyana River. The length of the river is 11 km.
 Shutdown Mountain is a mountain located in Somerset County Maine.Shutdown Mountain lies within the watershed of the Kennebec River and has two peaks Shutdown Peak and Bulldog Peak (elevation 2260 ft.) sometimes referred to as Bulldog Mountain. The northern eastern & southern sides of Shutdown Mtn. drain into Enchanted Stream then into the Dead River another tributary of the Kennebec River. The west side of Shutdown drains into Stony Brook then into the Dead River.
 The Kiwetinok River is a short river in British Columbia. It is the largest tributary of the Amiskwi River.
 The Caffaro is a 25 km river of northern Italy whose course lies within the Province of Brescia sometimes forming the border with Trentino. It belongs to the basin of Lago d'Idro.Its source is on Cornone di Blumone a peak in the Rhaetian Alps near the Passo del Termine within the commune of Breno in the Parco regionale dell'Adamello regional park.
 The Juruá River (Rondônia) is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Manuherikia River is located in Otago in the South Island of New Zealand. It rises in the far north of the Maniototo with the West Branch draining the eastern side of the St Bathans Range and the East Branch draining the western flanks of the Hawkdun Range. The river continues southwest through the wide Manuherikia Valley to its confluence with the Clutha River at Alexandra.
 Drygalski is a large lunar impact crater that lies along the southern limb of the Moon. It partly overlies the crater Ashbrook to the west on the far side of the Moon. Just to the north of Drygalski is the smaller Boltzmann. The location of this crater restricts its observation from the Earth and even under conditions of favorable libration it is viewed from the edge.
 The Valea Grecului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Big Sioux River is a tributary of the Missouri River 419 miles (674 km) long in eastern South Dakota and northwestern Iowa in the United States.
 The Negrele River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
 Zuni Salt Lake also Zuñi Salt Lake (Navajo: Áshįįh) is a rare high desert lake and a classic maar. It is located in Catron County about 60 miles south of the Zuni Pueblo New Mexico USA. Zuñi Salt Lake is extremely shallow with the depth only to four feet in the wet season. During the dry season much of the water evaporates leaving behind saltflats. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1999. It is part of the Red Hill volcanic field.
 The Sonnenjoch is a mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps in Tyrol. The summit has a height of 2287 m AAThe Sonnenjoch (also Sonnjoch) lies between Alpbachtal Wildschönau and Kelchsau. Its summit borders on three Tirolean districts (Kitzbühel Kufstein Schwaz) and five municipalities also meet here (Alpbach Hart im Zillertal Hopfgarten im Brixental Stummerberg and Wildschönau).The Sonnenjoch is in contrast with its northern neighbour the Großer Beil less frequently climbed.
 Storgollomsvatnet (Southern Sami: Golmesjaevrieh) is a lake in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake lies just south of the large lake Namsvatnet into which it drains.
 The Râul Vacii Rele is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 The Fork River is a short river in the far south of the West Coast Region in New Zealand. As the name suggests the river has two branches with the longer South branch draining a plateau. The larger Spoon River lies a couple of kilometres to the north.
 Thorpe Fell Top is the top of the hill of Burnsall and Thorpe Fell in the Yorkshire Dales itself forming part of a larger wedge of ground between Wharfedale and Skipton.The summit of this grouse moor is 506 metres above sea level and topped with a trig point. It was listed in Alan Dawson's The Relative Hills of Britain as a Marilyn.
 Llullaillaco is a stratovolcano at the border of Argentina (Salta Province) and Chile. It lies in the Puna de Atacama a region of very high volcanic peaks on a high plateau within the Atacama Desert one of the driest places in the world.
 Falakro Oros (Greek: Φαλακρό όρος English: Bald mountain) is a mountain in the Drama regional unit eastern Greek Macedonia northern Greece. The elevation of its highest summit Profitis Ilias is 2232 meters above the sea level.
 Lake Fryxell is a lake 4.5 kilometres (2.8 mi) long between Canada Glacier and Commonwealth Glaciers at the lower end of Taylor Valley in Victoria Land Antarctica. Mapped by the British Antarctic Expedition under Robert Falcon Scott 1910-13 the lake was visited by Professor T.L. Péwé during USN Operation Deep Freeze 1957-58 who named it for Dr. Fritiof M. Fryxell glacial geologist of Augustana College Illinois.
 The Nuthe is a river in Brandenburg Germany left tributary of the Havel. Its total length is 65 km. The Nuthe originates in the Fläming region near Niedergörsdorf. It flows north through Jüterbog Luckenwalde Trebbin and Saarmund. The Nuthe joins the Havel in central Potsdam.It has been said that crossing the Nuthe three times in a row is good luck.[citation needed]
 The Afinetu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Cisa Pass or La Cisa Pass is a mountain pass in Italy that marks the division between the Ligurian and Tuscan Apennines. It is located on the border between northern Tuscany (Province of Massa-Carrara) and Emilia-Romagna (Province of Parma) near the source of the Magra River at an altitude of 1040 meters (3414 feet) above sea level.
 The Chalk Hills are a north—south running low 'mountain' range in the San Fernando Valley perpendicular to and adjoining the Santa Monica Mountains. They are located in the Woodland Hills District of the City of Los Angeles in Southern California. They run between DeSoto and Winnetka Avenues from south of Ventura Boulevard to near Victory Boulevard.
 The Olănelul River is a headwater of the Olanu River in Romania. Some maps consider the Olănelul River to be the main course of the upper Olanu River
 Mount Dundas (41°50′S 145°32′E) is a mountain in Tasmania Australia that is at the north west edge of what is known as the West Coast RangeAs colourful a history as that of Mount Lyell Mount Dundas has had a range of mines and railways within its vicinity.The main copper and gold ore bearing deposits in the West Coast Range are known as occurring in the 'Mount Read Volcanics' relating to the complex geology of the area.
 Mount Fitzpatrick (10907 feet (3324 m)) is located in the Salt River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is the highest in the Salt River Range.
 The Kettle River Range often called the Kettle Range is a mountain range in far southeastern British Columbia Canada and Ferry County Washington in the United States. Most of the northern half of range is protected by the Colville National Forest and the southern half of the range is located on the Colville Indian Reservation.
 Forbach (Usa) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lank Rigg is a fell in the English Lake District. It stands to the south of Ennerdale in the Western Fells. A sprawling hill with gentle grassy slopes it can be climbed from various points on the Coldfell road. It carries various remains from ancient habitation.
 Mount Stromlo (formerly Mount Strom[citation needed]) is a mountain with an elevation of 770 metres (2530 ft) AHD  that is situated in the Weston Creek district of Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory Australia. The mountain is most notable as the location of the Mount Stromlo Observatory. The mountain forms part of the catchment area of the Cotter River which in turn is the primary water supply for Canberra.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Rock County Nebraska United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 2411 feet (735 m).Access to the lake is public however a Fishing license is required.
 The Sabar River or Răstoaca River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania. Its source is near the village Ludești northwest of Târgovişte. For much of its length it flows parallel to and at a short distance from the Argeș.
 Jons Kapel (John's Chapel) is a rock bluff in Denmark on Bornholm's west coast about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of Hasle. The formations are the result of the waves beating against the rock at a time when the sea level was considerably higher than it is today. The cliff is 135 feet (41 m) in height. Named after a hermit who resided on the bluff Jon's caves are visible from the beach below the rocks.
 The Predești River is a tributary of the Jieţ in Romania.
 The Skedaddle Mountains are a mountain range in eastern Lassen County California near Nevada.
 Ysgafell Wen North Top is a peak on a ridge in Snowdonia North Wales. It lies to the north of the highest summit on the ridge Ysgafell Wen. It is a subsidiary summit of Allt-fawr. The summit is located at the edge of Cwm Edno an edge that falls steeply into the cwm. Small lakes surround the summit known as Llynnau'r Cwn (the dog lakes). To the west lies the peak's top known as Ysgafell Wen Far North Top.
 The River Cam is the main river flowing through Cambridge in eastern England. After leaving Cambridge it flows north and east into the River Great Ouse to the south of Ely at Pope's Corner. The Great Ouse connects the Cam to England's canal system (via the Middle Level Navigations and the River Nene) and to the North Sea at King's Lynn. The total distance from Cambridge to the sea is about 40 mi (64 km).
 Råstasjön is a lake next to the Friends Arena in Solna north of Stockholm Sweden. On the lake the 1912 final of the Swedish championship in Bandy took place. A promenade of 2.1 km length leads around the lake.
 Cheeks Hill is a hill on Axe Edge Moor in the Peak District England. It lies just south of the Cat and Fiddle Road near Buxton and forms part of the border between Derbyshire and Staffordshire. It is the highest and most northerly point in Staffordshire at 520 metres (1710 ft) above sea level.
 The Mayo River is located in the Mexican state of Sonora. There is an important dam named Adolfo Ruiz Cortines after one of the Presidents of Mexico located up river for the purpose of generating electricity as well as irrigation for agriculture in the Mayo Valley. It is located 30 km east of the city of Navojoa in the municipality of Álamos.
 The Blăjanca River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 The Hurtado River is a river of Chile.
 Ilsesee is a lake in Augsburg / Königsbrunn Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of its surface area is ca. 12 ha.
 Weifaer Höhe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Weißkugel (Italian: Palla Bianca) is the second highest mountain in the Ötztal Alps and the third highest mountain in Austria. Featuring many glaciers it lies on the border between Austria and Italy. The easiest way to climb it is over its southern side. The ascent by Joseph Anton Specht from Vienna guided by Leander and Nicodem Klotz from Vent in 1861 was and is usually considered the first.
 Yadboro River a perennial river of the Clyde River catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands and the upper ranges of the South Coast regions of New South Wales Australia.
 The Nedeița River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
 Fahrenheit is a tiny lunar crater located in the southeast part of the Mare Crisium. This area of the surface is nearly devoid of impact features of interest. To the east are the Dorsa Harker wrinkle ridges and beyond them is Promontorium Agarum at the edge of the mare. The landing site of the Soviet Luna 24 probe is located about 15 kilometers to the southeast.In the past this crater bore the designation Picard X before being named by the IAU.
 The Galaure (French: la Galaure) is a 56.2 km (34.9 mi) long river in the Isère and Drôme départements southeastern France. Its source is in Roybon. It flows generally west-southwest. It is a left tributary of the Rhone into which it flows at Saint-Vallier.
 The Alambari River (Turvo River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Tuntsayoki River (Russian: Тунтсайоки Finnish: Tuntsajoki) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 150 kilometers (93 mi). The Tuntsayoki River originates in the wood of Finland and flows into the Tumcha River. Its biggest tributary is the Vatsimanyoki River.
 The Kalmit is the highest peak in the low-mountain region Palatinate Forest in Rhineland-Palatinate in Germany. It is located 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) south of the city Neustadt an der Weinstraße.The mountain attracts many tourists due to many footpaths leading to its summit a restaurant near the summit a good view on the Palatinate wine region and outstanding rock formations in the forests.
 The Conciu River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Windigo Lake is a lake in the Kenora District in Northern Ontario Canada. It is situated at the end of the Northern Ontario Resource Trail.
 Sandnesvatnet (Lule Sami: Sáttonjárgjávrre) is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. The European route E06 highway runs along the eastern and northern shores of the lake. The lake lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) southeast of the village of Tømmerneset. The lake Strindvatnet lies just to the northwest and the lake Fjerdvatnet lies to the south of the lake.
 Table Mountain Glacier is in Snoqualmie National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington to the east of Table Mountain. This small glacier is less than .50 mi (0.80 km) west of Artist Point and situated on the north slope of Table Mountain.
 El Corte de Madera Creek (Spanish for: The Cutting of Wood) is a small river in the Santa Cruz Mountains San Mateo County northern California.
 Punta Tre Vescovi (also Cima Tre Vescovi) is a peak in the Biellese Prealps northern Italy. On its top three valleys meet: Valle del Lys Valsesia and Valle Cervo.
 The Inglefield Mountains are a mountain range in southeastern Ellesmere Island Nunavut Canada. The mountain range is mostly covered by ice fields with granitic nunataks reaching a height of 1500 m (4921 ft) above sea level. Rocky cliffs border the coastal areas.
 Montgremay (940 m) is a mountain of the Jura located south Cornol in the canton of Jura. It is one of the highest summits of the region of Ajoie.
 San Geronimo Creek is a stream in Marin County California United States which feeds into Lagunitas Creek below Kent Lake.
 Canto Alto is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Murg is a river and right tributary of the Rhine in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mount Vancouver is the eighth highest mountain in Canada and is located in Kluane National Park and Reserve on the Canada-US border. Mt. Vancouver has three summits: north middle and south with middle being the lowest. The south summit borders Canada and the United States and is known as Good Neighbor Peak. While conventional wisdom indicates that the north summit is the highest discrepancies in topographic maps of the area muddle the question.
 The Galwan River flows from southern Xinjiang region of China to Jammu and Kashmir of India. It originates in the Samzungling and flows west to join the Shyok River at 34°45′33″N 78°10′13″E. It is one of the upstream tributaries of the Indus River.The river's length is about 80 kilometers and it is fast-flowing. The river is named after Ghulam Rasool Galwan a man from Leh.
 The Conțu River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Batu Tara stratovolcano is a small isolated island in the Flores Sea in Indonesia. Vegetations covers the flanks of Batu Tara. The first historical eruption occurred in 1852 with explosions and lava flows.
 Fritz Cove is a bay on the northwestern coast of Douglas Island in the City and Borough of Juneau Alaska United States. Lying in Stephens Passage it is 8 miles (13 km) northwest of the city of Juneau.Historically Fritz Cove was used for fishing by Alaska Natives especially the Auke people. A summer camp named Aangoox̱a Yé was located at the mouth of Fish Creek.
 The Endeavour River (Guugu Yimithirr: Wabalumbaal) on Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland Australia was named in 1770 by Lt. James Cook R.N. after he was forced to beach his ship HM Bark Endeavour for repairs in the river mouth after damaging it on Endeavour Reef. Joseph Banks named it the Endeavours River but the form Cook used Endeavour River has stuck.
 The Iriri River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Maavesi is a medium-sized lake of Southern Savonia in eastern Finland.
 Himmelhorn is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Paithalmala (Malayalam: പൈതൽമല) or Paithalmala is a hill station in the Kannur district of Kerala in India. Located near Pottenplave village at a height of 1371.6 m above sea level this is the highest geographic peak in Kannur. It is located 65 km from Kannur. Nestled in the Kerala Karnataka border near to Kodagu forests it lies in the Western Ghats. It has become a favourite spot for the nature enthusiasts photographers trekkers and leisurely visitors.
 The Wakamarina River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally northeast to from its origins in the Richmond Range to reach the Pelorus River at the settlement of Canvastown ten kilometres west of Havelock.
 Mount Roraima (Spanish: Monte Roraima [ˈmonte roˈɾaima] also known as Tepuy Roraima and Cerro Roraima; Portuguese: Monte Roraima [ˈmõtʃi ʁoˈɾɐ̃jmɐ]) is the highest of the Pakaraima chain of tepui plateau in South America. First described by the English explorer Sir Walter Raleigh in 1596 its 31 km2 summit area consists on all sides of cliffs rising 400 metres (1300 ft).
 The Tilișcuța River is a tributary of the Tilişca river in Romania.
 Muthirapuzha River is the major tributaries of the Periyar River the longest river in Kerala state south India.
 Monte delle Tre Croci is a mountain on the border between Liguria and Piedmont northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It lies at an altitude of 1565 metres.
 Kings Pond is a 21-acre (85000 m2) pond in the West Plymouth section of Plymouth Massachusetts. The pond is located south of Little West Pond Micajah Pond and Micajah Heights and north of Curlew Pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants.
 Dominica's Boiling Lake is situated in the Morne Trois Pitons National Park - Dominica's World Heritage site. It is a flooded fumarole 6.5 miles (10.5 km) east of Roseau Dominica. It is filled with bubbling greyish-blue water that is usually enveloped in a cloud of vapour. The lake is approximately 200 feet (61 m) across.The first recorded sighting of the lake was in 1870 by Mr. Watt and Dr. Nicholls two Englishmen working in Dominica at that time. In 1875 Mr. H.
 The Areias River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Torghatten is a mountain on Torget island in Brønnøy municipality in Nordland county Norway. It is known for its characteristic hole or natural tunnel through its center. It is possible to walk up to the tunnel on a well-prepared path and through it on a natural path.On 6 May 1988 Widerøe Flight 710 from Namsos to Brønnøysund crashed into the side of the mountain and all the 36 passengers and crew died.
 This article is about the river in northeast Wales. For the river in west Wales see River Alun Pembrokeshire. For the river in Romania see Alun River.The River Alyn (Welsh: Afon Alun) is a tributary of the River Dee. The River Alyn rises at the southern end of the Clwydian hills and the Alyn Valley forms part of the Clwydian Range Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
 The Kovzha (Russian: Ковжа) is a river in Vytegorsky Belozersky and Vashkinsky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It originates from Lake Kovzhskoye and is a tributary of Lake Beloye. It is 82 kilometres (51 mi) long and the area of its basin 5000 square kilometres (1900 sq mi). The Kovzha River is a part of the Volga-Baltic Waterway. The main tributaries are the Tumba and the Shola (both right). The source of the Kovzha is in the western bay of Lake Kovzhskoye.
 Piz da las Clavigliadas is a mountain of the Swiss Silvretta Alps located north of Guarda in the canton of Graubünden. It lies between the valleys of Val Tuoi and Val Tasna south of the Dreiländerspitze.
 The Devils River (also known archaically as the Manitoo River) is a small 15.8-mile-long (25.4 km) river in the state of Wisconsin in the United States. The Devils River flows primarily through Brown and Manitowoc counties and joins with the Neshota River to form the West Twin River.
 Wagenfelder Aue is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Evans is the remnant of a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south-southwest of the immense walled plain Hertzsprung and is located within that impact basin's broad skirt of ejecta. This material has overflowed the northern rim of Evans and the northern part of the interior floor. The southern rim is not as heavily damaged although it is irregular eroded and overlain by a pair of small craterlets.
 Bradda Hill (Manx: Cronk Vradda) is a headland some 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) north of the village of Port Erin on the Isle of Man. It is not to be confused with Bradda Head which is about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) to the SW. The path to the summit from Bradda West is part of the Raad ny Foillan the Isle of Man Coast long distance footpath. Cliffs drop from the summit down to the sea. It shelters Fleshwick Bay from the west.
 Mont Pilat or the Pilat massif is a mountainous area in the east of the Massif Central of France.
 Viekijärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the region Northern Karelia in Finland.
 The Bonito River (Alonzo River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Oberalpstock or Piz Tgietschen is a mountain in the Glarus Alps between the cantons of Uri and Graubünden. Its massif separates the valleys of Maderanertal (Uri) and Surselva near Sedrun (Graubündnen).The Oberalpstock is the highest summit of the Glarus Alps west of the Tödi and also the highest mountain in the canton of Uri east of the Reuss.
 Lyctos Facula is a mountain on one of Jupiter's smallest moons Amalthea. It is believed to have a height of 20 kilometers (65617 feet) almost two and a half times higher than Mt. Everest (29029 feet). It is one of two known mountains that appear on Amalthea the other being Ida Facula. It is named for the region of Crete in which Zeus was raised.
 Dongkha la or Donkia Pass (el. 18000 ft or 5500 m) is a high mountain pass in the Himalaya connecting Sikkim in India with Tibet in China.The pass offers a view of the Tibetan Plateau. The pass is located in North Sikkim. The Tso Lhamo Lake is located near the pass 6.5 km (4.0 mi) long and 2.5 km (1.6 mi) wide. The Teesta River is attributed to originate from Tso Lhamo lake.
 The Bohle River is a short river north of Townsville in Queensland Australia. The Bohle river catchment is approximately 355 km² draining most of the coastal plain west of Townsville.Tributaries include Middle Creek Stony Creek Stag Creek and Garner Creek. The river supports recreational fishing particularly of barramundi.The Bohle is less than 15 minutes from nearly anywhere in Townsville. Popular for river fishing the Bohle River is also good for collecting bait.
 Kokomo Pass elevation 12027 ft (3666 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Gore Range of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado in the United States.
 Lake Izabal also known as the Golfo Dulce is the largest lake in Guatemala with a surface area of 589.6 km² (145693 acres or 227.6 sq mi) and a maximum depth is 18 m (59 ft). The Polochic River is the largest river that drains into the lake.
 The Coongan River is an ephemeral river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise below the Chichester Range.
 Van Maanen is an eroded lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the east of the crater Kidinnu and southeast of Tesla and H. G. Wells. Since this crater was formed it has been heavily battered by subsequent impacts to the point where it is little more than a depression in the surface surrounded by an irregular rim. The rim edge is heavily worn and poorly defined with smaller craters lying along the sides. These in turn have become worn and rounded.
 Warmiqucha (Quechua warmi woman wife qucha lake woman lake hispanicized spelling Huarmicocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region Chumbivilcas Province Velille District. It is situated at a height of about 4596 metres (15079 ft) about 1.02 km long and 0.55 km at its widest point. Warmiqucha lies north-east of the larger lakes Urququcha and Khirkiqucha.
 Bow Creek is a 2.25-mile (3.6 km) long tidal estuary of the English River Lea and is part of the Bow Back Rivers. Below Bow Locks the creek forms the boundary between the London Boroughs of Newham and Tower Hamlets in east London.
 Guericke is the remnant of a lunar crater at the north part of the Mare Nubium. To the north-northwest lies the large Fra Mauro formation along with the co-joined craters Parry and Bonpland. To the east are the craters Kundt and Davy.The surviving rim of Guericke has been worn battered and partly submerged by the basaltic lava that covers the floor. The wall is now little more than a circular series of ridges that join with rises that flow to the north northwest and south.
 Monte Calvario is a mountain of Basilicata Italy. It is 777 metres high.
 Wägitalersee is an artificial lake in Wägital a valley in the canton of Schwyz Switzerland. The lake is surrounded by the mountains Gross Aubrig Fluebrig Zindlenspitz Brünnelistock and Bockmattli. The reservoir is located in the municipality of Innerthal. The old village of Innerthal was flooded in 1924 when the dam Schräh was constructed. A new village was built on the current lake.
 The Jequiriçá River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 East Bay also known as East Galveston Bay is the eastern extension of Galveston Bay found in Chambers County Texas. The bay is oriented northeast to southwest and is approximately five miles wide and twenty miles in length. It covers the area north of the entire Bolivar Peninsula and south of mainland Texas including the small community of Smith Point at the western extreme. The bay's one extension is Rollover Bay which is found to the extreme east near the town of Gilchrist.
 The Valea lui Bădescu River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 Buttermilk Creek is a creek in the town of Petrolia Lambton County Ontario Canada.
 Lake Mountain is a stretch of mountains that lie west of Utah Lake in Utah County Utah. The small range extends 7 miles (11 km) from north to south. It serves several radio and television needs for the towns of Provo Orem American Fork and almost all of Utah county. The highest point of the range is 7645 feet (2330 m) above sea level. It is located approximately 11.9 miles (19 km) west of Provo.
 Lake Eyasi (formerly German: Njarasasee Njarasa Lake and Hohenlohesee Hohenlohe Lake) is a seasonal shallow endorheic salt lake on the floor of the Great Rift Valley at the base of the Serengeti Plateau just south of the Serengeti National Park and immediately southwest of the Ngorongoro Crater in the Crater Highlands of Tanzania.
 Lake Seppings is a freshwater lake located within the city of Albany Western Australia. The lake is 3 kilometres (2 mi) east-north-east of the city centre.The main bitumen roads that border Lake Seppings are Golf Links Road to the East Troode Street to the North Collingwood Road Drew Street/Sleeman Avenue to West and Lake Seppings Drive to the South.The lake is nearly completely surrounded by a 2.7 kilometres (1.7 mi) compacted gravel footpath and wooden walkways.
 Serang River is a river in northern Java Indonesia.
 The Valea Crișului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters: Pârâul Mare and Pârâul Mijlociu
 The plant Mentha australis is also known as river mint.The River Mint is a river in Cumbria England.
 The Remus River is a river of Mexico.
 Étang de l'Or is a lake in Hérault France. At an elevation of 0 m its surface area is 30 km².
 The Chimbo River is a river of Ecuador.
 Kabekona Lake is a clear lake in northern Minnesota USA located 2.5 miles south of Laporte in Hubbard County. Kabekona has a surface area of 2252 acres (9 km2) and a maximum depth of 133 feet (41 m). Kabekona (Gabekana in the Ojibwe language) means End of the Trail to dissuade others from venturing to the very clear lake. Kabekona is the 2nd clearest lake in Minnesota. This spring-fed lake is known for its loon birdlife.
 The Pârâul Hoților is a tributary of the Pârâul Laptelui in Romania.
 Loon Lake is a 294-acre (119 ha) lake located in Douglas County in the Oregon Coast Range of the United States 15 miles (24 km) east-southeast of Reedsport Oregon at an elevation of 392 feet (119 m). The lake is about 2 miles (3.2 km) long with a maximum width of about 0.4 miles (0.64 km) and is over 100 feet (30 m) deep in some places.The lake is a classic example of a landslide lake dammed by a slide of sandstone blocks which fell into the Lake Creek valley about 1400 years ago.
 The South Platte River (Arapaho: Niinéniiniicíihéhe') is one of the two principal tributaries of the Platte River and is itself a major river of the American Midwest and the American Southwest/Mountain West located in the U.S. states of Colorado and Nebraska.
 Mesahchie Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington in a cirque to the northeast of Mesahchie Peak. Mesahchie Peak is the highest summit along a ridge known as Jagged Edge. Mesahchie Glacier is approximately .75 mi (1.21 km) in width and is immediately east of Katsuk Glacier.
 Laguna Consuelo is a lake in the Santa Cruz Department Bolivia. Its surface area is 2.6 km².
 Ena Lake is a lake in Saskatchewan Canada located near the boundary with the Northwest Territories. The lake hosts several island include Gillis Island. The Ena Lake Lodge is accessible by float plane and located on the lake.
 Leckner Ach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Käbelicksee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.It is part of the Müritz National Park. At an elevation of 62.4 m its surface area is 2.64 km².
 Mount Oso elevation 13690 ft (4170 m) is a summit in Weminuche Wilderness of the San Juan Mountains located southeast of Silverton Colorado.
 The Mariaquã River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Orăscu River is a tributary of the Gepiu River in Romania.
 Hope Saddle (467 m or 1532 ft above sea level) is a saddle located in the Hope Range of the northern South Island. It lies above the Clark Valley.
 Surprise Lake is located next to the Surprise Lake Apartment complex at Milton Washington United States. Located in the small city of Milton near the slightly larger city of Fife about 7 miles (11 km) from Tacoma.A few blocks away from Surprise Lake is the school Surprise Lake Middle School (SLMS) which is part of the Fife Schools system. The other Fife schools that converse with SLMS are Discovery Primary School (grades Pre-K - 1st) Alice V.
 The Turama River is a river of Papua New Guinea.
 Łabski Szczyt or Violík (in Polish and Czech) (German: Veilchenstein) is a mountain peak located in the western Karkonosze on the Czech-Polish border. The source of the River Elbe (Labe) one of Europe's major rivers is situated on the southern (Czech) slopes of the mountain.
 The Puremahaia River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northeast reaching Golden Bay five kilometres northwest of Takaka.
 Korapuzha also known as Elathur River is a short river of 40 km (25 mi) with a drainage area of 624 km2 (241 sq mi) flowing through the Kozhikode district of Kerala state in India. It is formed by the confluence of two streams Agalapuzha and Punnoorpuzha which originate in the mountains of Wayanad district. The Korapuzha empties into the Arabian Sea at Elathur. The river and its main tributaries become tidal as they near the Arabian Sea.
 Hwajangsan is a mountain located in Ulju county Ulsan South Korea. It has an elevation of 285 m (935 ft).
 The Yaque Del Norte River is the longest river in the Dominican Republic. The river rises in the centre of the country to the south of Santiago city in Santiago province. The river runs roughly due north through Santiago before turning west-north-west through the Cibao Valley. The river's source originates in the Cordillera Central as small rivulets before merging into one as they flow north down toward the Cibao Valley.
 The Frăsinet River is a tributary of the Săsar River in Romania.
 Blazhko is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the northwest of the crater Joule and to the south of Gadomski.The rim of this crater is generally circular but with some irregularities. There is a small outward bulge in the rim to the east-southeast and an inward bulge on the opposite face. There is also a slight outward bulge along the north rim. The satellite crater Blazhko F is attached to the exterior of the east rim.
 The Straussee is a German lake located in Strausberg Brandenburg. It is situated about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north-east of the city of Berlin. The town of Strausberg occupies the eastern shore of the lake whilst the forest of the Strausberger Wald is on the western shore.
 The Samara (Russian: Сама́ра) is a river in Russia left tributary of Volga. The city of Samara is located at the confluence of Volga and Samara. The river rises southwest of the southern end of the Ural Mountains close to the middle Ural River near the town of Orenburg. It then flows west or west northwest to meet the hairpin bend of the Volga at the town of Samara. It was the traditional southern boundary of the Bashkir country.
 The Rothley Brook is a left bank tributary of the River Soar in Leicestershire England.
 The Olteneasa River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
 The Tana River Delta is a wetland protected under the Ramsar Convention located in the Coast Province of Kenya.
 Tosson Hill is the highest hill in the Simonside Hills to the south of Rothbury in Northumberland England. The summit lies about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of Simonside the best known summit of the Simonside Hills.The summit is about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) west of the edge of the Forestry Commission-owned Simonside Forest and unlike the rest of the Simonside hills there was no public access to the summit.
 Reingardslivatnet is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The lake lies about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) north of the village of Røssvoll. It flows out into the river Røvassåga to the east.
 The Neste is a river in southern France a left tributary of the Garonne. It rises from several sources around Saint-Lary-Soulan central Pyrenees and flows throughthe following departments and towns: Hautes-Pyrénées: Saint-Lary-Soulan Arreau La Barthe-de-Neste Haute-Garonne: MontréjeauThe Neste flows into the Garonne in Montréjeau.
 Cerro Ramada is a mountain in the Cordillera de la Ramada range of the Andes in Argentina. It has a height of 6384 metres (20945 ft).The first ascent of the mountain was by a Polish expedition in 1934 when a cairn was erected on the summit.
 The Dniester River (/ˈniːstər/ NEES-tər; Romanian: Nistru Ukrainian: Дністе́р translit. Dnister Russian: Днестр Turkish: Turla) is a river in Eastern Europe. It runs first through Ukraine and then through Moldova (where it separates the breakaway territory of Transnistria) finally discharging into the Black Sea on Ukrainian territory again.
 The Navesink Highlands sometimes referred to as the Highlands of Navesink and also known as the Atlantic Highlands are a range of low hills and upland areas located along the United States Atlantic coast in New Jersey. The hills of the Highlands reach over 350 feet (107 meters) in elevation reportedly reaching a maximum elevation of 391 feet (119 meters) at Crawford Hill which is the highest point in Monmouth County.
 National grid reference NR81619016Daill Loch is an impounding reservoir located 5 kilometres west north west of Lochgilphead and 1.5 kilometres south of the Crinan Canal. It is one of a number of lochs supplying water to the canal. The earthen dam is 8.1 metres high and was completed in 1930.
 Betsy Lake is a lake located in Luce County in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 Nanjemoy Creek is a 13.1-mile-long (21.1 km) tidal tributary of the Potomac River in Charles County Maryland USA located between Cedar Point Neck and Tayloe Neck. Its watershed area (excluding water) is 73 square miles (190 km2) with 2% impervious surface in 1994.The Nature Conservancy established its Nanjemoy Creek Preserve in 1978 which protects more than 3510 acres (1420 ha) in the watershed.
 The Burdea River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 The Strungarul River is a tributary of the Lungşoara in Romania.
 The Groapa Nedeuța River is a tributary of the Valea Boului River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Forge River is a partially mixed estuary on the south shore of Long Island in the township of Brookhaven Suffolk County New York.
 Mount Odlum is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1917 after Odlum Brigadier-General V.W.
 Kollhøin is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Lake Heiterwang is a lake in the Tirol Austria located at 47°27′30″N 10°46′50″E. Its surface is approximately 1.37 km² and its maximum depth is 61 metres. It is well-known Heiterwanger See is good for fishing. Kaiser Maximilian I of Austria often fished here.
 Vaskna is a lake of Estonia.
 The Mraconia River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Tisa River is a tributary of the Otăsău River in Romania.
 Col de Sarenne (1999 m (6558 ft)) is a mountain pass located in the Grandes Rousses massif approximately 9 km (6 mi) east of Alpe d'Huez in the Isère department of France. The pass connects Alpe d'Huez with the villages of Mizoën and Le Freney-d'Oisans in the Romanche valley. The road over the pass will be used on Stage 18 of the 2013 Tour de France bicycle race as this loops round to enable the cyclists to climb the Alpe d'Huez twice in the same stage.
 Neger (Bieke) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Argus Range is a mountain range located in Inyo County California southeast of the town of Darwin between the Coso Range and the Panamint Valley with the Panamint Range to the east .
 Mataniwai River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Wurmaulspitze is a mountain in the Zillertal Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Titus Peak at 10110 feet (3080 m) above sea level is the seventh highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Blaine County. It is located about 0.6 mi (0.97 km) southeast of Lower Titus Peak and northeast of Saviers Peak. No roads or trails go to the summit.
 The Cricovul Dulce River or Cricov River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Romaine River is a river in the Côte-Nord region of the Canadian province of Quebec. It is 496 kilometres (308 mi) long. It is not to be confused with the Olomane River that is 220 kilometres (140 mi) to the east and had the same name for a long time.The Romaine River has its source on the boundary between the Atlantic and Saint Lawrence watersheds and flows first through a series of lakes including Long Marc Brûlé (Burnt) Lavoie Anderson and Lozeau.
 The Yeşilırmak (Turkish: Yeşilırmak Green River; classical Greek: Ίρις Iris) is a river in northern Turkey.
 The Siciu River is a tributary of the Zalău River in Romania.
 Carsington Water is a reservoir operated by Severn Trent Water in Derbyshire England. The reservoir takes water from the River Derwent at Ambergate during winter months pumping up to the reservoir by 10.5-kilometre (6.5 mi) long tunnels and aqueduct. Water is released back into the river during summer months for water abstraction and treatment further downstream.
 Ullerentjernet is a lake in the municipality of Ringerike in Buskerud county Norway.
 The Brătila River is a tributary of the Zârna River in Romania.
 Amaral is a crater on the planet Mercury. With its smooth floor surrounding ejecta and small secondary craters it appears noticeably younger than the heavily cratered surface around it. Along with a smooth crater floor Amaral also has a central peak. Bright material on this peak is of particular interest as it appears to have an unusual color.
 The Kuaotunu River is a short river of the eastern Coromandel Peninsula in the North Island of New Zealand. It flows north into the coast of the Kuaotunu peninsula
 Mount Dempo is the highest stratovolcano in South Sumatra province that rises above Pasumah Plain near Pagar Alam and adjacent with Bengkulu Province. Seven craters are found around the summit. A 400 m wide lake is found at the northwest end of the crater complex.The most recent activity has been in 2009. Historical activity has been confined to being small-to-moderate explosive activity that produced ashfall near the volcano.
 The Secu River is a headwater of the Răstolița River in Romania.
 Mount Baldy (Western Apache: Dził Łigai White Mountain) is a mountain in northeastern Arizona in the United States. It is the highest point in the White Mountains and Apache County. It is the fifth highest point in the state and the highest outside the San Francisco Peaks in the Flagstaff area.
 The Langenberg rises on the state border between North Rhine-Westphalia and Hesse in Germany and at 843.2 m above sea level is the highest peak in the Rothaargebirge mountain range as well as the highest point in the North Rhine-Westphalia and also in the north of Germany outside of the Harz Mountains.
 The Ghezaș River is a tributary of the Pârâu River in Romania.
 The Gârda Seacă is a tributary of the Arieşul Mare River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Gârdișoara.
 Dammtorpssjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Lake Santeetlah part of the Tennessee River watershed was created in 1928 when Alcoa dammed the Cheoah River as a means of generating hydroelectric power in Graham County North Carolina. The reservoir is largely surrounded by the Cheoah District of the Nantahala National Forest.
 Motel is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The River Don (Scottish Gaelic: Deathan) is a river in north-east Scotland. It rises in the Grampians and flows eastwards through Aberdeenshire to the North Sea at Aberdeen. The Don passes through Alford Kemnay Inverurie Kintore and Dyce. Its main tributary the River Ury joins at Inverurie.
 The Icazna River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 The Borogeana Răgăliei River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Chopicalqui (Ancash Quechua kallki ravine) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca (Spanish for white range) in the Andes of Peru. With a summit elevation of 6354 meters (20846 feet) above sea level it is one of the highest peaks of the Cordillera Blanca. It lies in the Yungay Province of the Ancash Region between the mountains Huascarán and Yanarahu.The standard climbing route is the Southwest Ridge a moderate snow climb that is popular with climbers and can be crowded at times.
 Skinnskattberget is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Câlnău River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 The Unibón River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Croker River is a waterway located above the Arctic Circle on the mainland of Northern Canada in the western Kitikmeot Region Nunavut. It is the largest river between Darnley Bay (in the Northwest Territories) and Coronation Gulf that flows into Amundsen Gulf. The Croker averages 180 ft (55 m) in width.It originates at Bluenose Lake then flows northward.
 The Mămuca River is a tributary of the Isachea River in Romania.
 Hohenzollern is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis. On its top the famous Hohenzollern Castle is located.
 Little Lava Lake lies in the Cascade Range about 26 miles (42 km) west-southwest of Bend in the U.S. state of Oregon. A close neighbor of Lava Lake from which it is separated by solidified lava Little Lava Lake is at an elevation of 4744 feet (1446 m) in the Deschutes National Forest.
 Mons Maraldi is a 1.3-kilometer-tall mountain on the Moon at 20.3° N 35.3°E covering an area about 15 kilometers in diameter. It is named after the nearby crater Maraldi.
 Hornberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Lao River or Mae Lao River (Thai: แม่น้ำแม่ลาว) is a river in Chiang Rai Province Northern Thailand. It is a tributary of the Kok River with its mouth near Sum Pratu in Mueang Chiang Rai District. This river gives its name to the Mae Lao District.The Lao River originates in the Phi Pan Nam Range and flows initially northwards across Wiang Pa Pao District and then northeastwards through the districts of Mae Suai Mae Lao and Mueang Chiang Rai passing just south of Chiang Rai city.
 Pârâul Școlii is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.
 The Glogghüs is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Obwalden and Bern. On its northern side it overlooks the Melchsee and the village of Melchsee-Frutt.
 Mount Denjō (殿城山 Denjō-san) is a 1800 m (5906 ft)　mountain of Chushin Highland located in Nagawa Nagano. This mountain is a part of the Yatsugatake-Chūshin Kōgen Quasi-National Park.
 SubTropolis is a 55000000 square foot (5060000 m³) 1100-acre (4.5 km2) manmade cave in the bluffs above the Missouri River in Kansas City Missouri United States that is claimed to be the world's largest underground storage facility.Developed by late Kansas City Chiefs owner Lamar Hunt via Hunt Midwest Real Estate Development Inc. it has trademarked the phrase World's Largest Underground Business Complex.Dug into the Bethany Falls limestone mine SubTropolis is at places 160 feet (49 m) beneath the surface. 
 The Renegado River is a river of Chile.
 Orteguaza River (Spanish pronunciation: [oɾteˈɣwasa]) is a river of Colombia located in the Department of Caqueta. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 Monte Fontainhas is a volcanic mountain in the middle of Brava island in Cape Verde. At 976 m elevation it is the highest point of the island.Seismic activities occurred on the island in 1982 1990 1998 and in 2004. These occurred at Cadamosto seamount between Brava and Fogo Island.
 The Bălmușel River is a tributary of the Bălmuș River in Romania.
 The Acomé River is a river of Guatemala.
 The Izvorul Mare River is a tributary of the Ungureni River in Romania.
 Bowman Lake is in the northwestern portion of Glacier National Park in Montana. It is not commonly visited by most visitors to Glacier National Park because it is located in one of the more remote areas of the park. It is more well-known among local residents though who use the small uncrowded campground. The lake is accessed via a 6 miles (9.7 km) unpaved road from the small town of Polebridge.
 The Corno di Gesero is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. It lies on the range west of the Cima di Cugn between the Valle d'Arbedo and the Val Traversagna.
 Petermann is a lunar crater that is located near the northern limb of the Moon on the eastern hemisphere. It is located about 10 kilometres to the north of the crater Cusanus. Due to its location this crater appears significantly foreshortened when viewed from the Earth and its visibility can be affected by libration.Attached to the western rim of this crater is the large heavily eroded crater Petermann R which is much larger than Petermann although less prominent in appearance.
 Galdhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Henry's Fork Caldera in Idaho is a caldera located an area known as Island Park west of Yellowstone National Park. The caldera was formed by one of the world's supervolcanos in an eruption of more than 280 cubic kilometers 1.3 million years BP and is the source of the Mesa Falls Tuff. The Henry's Fork Caldera is nested inside of the Island Park Caldera and the calderas share a rim on the western side.
 Piz Cavardiras (or Brichlig) is a 2964 metres high mountain in the Glarus Alps located on the border between the cantons of Uri and Graubünden. The Cavardiras hut owned by the Swiss Alpine Club lies near the pass of Cavardiras on the north side.
 Mount Genyen (Genyen Shan) or Ge'nyen is a mountain in the West Sichuan Mountain Range in China. With an elevation of 6204 metres (20354 ft)  it is the third highest peak in the Chinese province of Sichuan. It was first climbed by Karl Unterkircher with a Japanese team in 1988.Genyen is regarded as the 13th most holy mountain amongst the 24 holy mountains of Tibetan Buddhism.
 The Măcrișu River is a tributary of the Pleşu River in Romania.
 The Do Ouro River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Raherna River is a headwater of the Fântâna Albă River in Romania.
 Mount Sunapee (or Sunapee Mountain on federal maps) is a 5-mile (8.0 km)-long mountain ridge in the towns of Newbury and Goshen in western New Hampshire. Its highest peak at the north end of the mountain is 2726 feet (831 m) above sea level. The mountain has three secondary peaks White Ledges at 2716 ft (828 m); North Peak at 2280 ft (695 m); and South Peak at 2608 ft (795 m).
 Pälkänevesi is a lake in Finland. The lake is located in the municipality of Pälkäne in the Pirkanmaa region. The lake is part of Kokemäenjoki basin and a chain of lakes that consists of Längelmävesi Vesijärvi Roine Pälkänevesi and Mallasvesi. This chain of lakes drains into Vanajavesi in Valkeakoski and from southeast another chain of lakes consisting of the lakes Lummene Kuohijärvi Kukkia Iso-Roine Hauhonselkä and Ilmoilanselkä joins into it.
 Upemba Depression or Kamalondo Depression which is more commonly known by its French name Dépression de l'Upemba is a large marshy bowl area (depression) in the Democratic Republic of the Congo comprising some fifty lakes including 22 of relatively large size including Lake Upemba (530 km²) and Lake Kisale (300 km²).
 Hofsee (Federow) is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 65 m its surface area is 0.139 km².
 Lake Palmdale is an artificial lake completed in 1924 along with the nearby Littlerock Reservoir and the Littlerock Dam. It is part of the California State Water Project and is fed by the California Aqueduct. It is located in the city of Palmdale near the city's southern edge in the small Anaverde Valley between the San Andreas Fault and the base of Mount Tenhi.
 Tymfi or Mt Tymphe Timfi also Tymphi (Greek: Τύμφη IPA: [ˈtimfi]) is a mountain in the northern Pindus mountain range northwestern Greece. It is part of the regional unit of Ioannina and lies in the region of Zagori just a few metres south of the 40° parallel.
 The River Hebert is a small tidal river that empties into the Cumberland Basin and is contained completely within Cumberland County Nova Scotia. According to estimates by the Province of Nova Scotia there were 9092 people resident within the Maccan/Kelly/Hebert watershed in 2011.
 The Taennchel is one of the summits of the Vosges Mountains rising to 988 metres. The Taennchel rises at the East of France in the département of Haut-Rhin (region Alsace) half-way between Strasbourg to the North and Mulhouse to the South around 60 kilometres from both cities. The general area around the crest which is 6 km long is enigmatic. The ground is strewn with rocks and various inscriptions many of them undeciphered and remaining mysterious.
 Hohlbach (Nidda) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Tsekone Ridge also known as Tsekone Peak and Black Knight Cone is a subglacial mound that sits out by itself in the Desolation Lava Field in northwestern British Columbia Canada.
 The Río Viejo (Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Grande Tête de By is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. With a height of 3587 metres above sea level it is the highest summit on the Italian side of the Grand Combin massif.
 The Gârbău River is a tributary of the Secaş river in Romania.
 The Imperial Reservoir is an artificial lake formed by the construction of the Imperial Diversion Dam across the Colorado River in the Lower Colorado River Valley of Imperial County California and Yuma County Arizona. A component of the Imperial National Wildlife Refuge the reservoir is 16 miles (26 km) northeast of Yuma Arizona.
 The Arenas River (Las Marias Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Trilobite Point el. 10010 feet (3050 m) is a mountain peak in the southern section of the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park.
 Bumhpa Bum is the highest mountains of the Kachin Hills of Burma. It is in Kachin State Burma. With a height of 3411 m and a prominence of 1636 m Bumhpa Bum is one of the ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia.
 The Yenisei Gulf (Russian: Енисейский залив) is a large and long estuary through which the lower Yenisei River flows into the Kara Sea. The Yenisei Gulf is formed by the river widening to an average of 50 km for up to 250 km in a roughly north-south direction between a latitude of 70° 30' N in the area around Munguy settlement north of Dudinka. The whole region of the lower Yenisei is bleak and sparsely inhabited and the settlements are built on permafrost ground.
 Maple Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island in British Columbia Canada. The mountain is located on the northern side of Maple Bay in North Cowichan just NE of the city of Duncan.
 The Ussuri River or Wusuli River (Chinese: 乌苏里江; pinyin: Wūsūlǐ Jiāng) runs through Khabarovsk and Primorsky Krais Russia and the southeast region of Northeast China. It rises in the Sikhote-Alin mountain range flowing north and forming part of the Sino-Russian border (which is based on the Sino-Russian Convention of Peking of 1860) until it joins the Amur River as a tributary to it at Khabarovsk (48°26′N 134°59′E). It is approximately 897 kilometers (557 mi) long.
 The Gârvovul River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters Nedeia and Nedeuţa
 Gondogoro Pass is the mountain pass on the Gondogoro Glacier near Vigne Glacier. From the Southern side pass descends into the Hushe village which is the last human settlement of the Ghangche District of northern Pakistan.
 The Vârșioru River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 The Frost River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Tamsui River (formerly Danshui River Chinese: 淡水河; pinyin: Dànshǔi Hé; Wade–Giles: Tan4-shui3 Ho2; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Tām-súi Hô; literally Freshwater River) is a river in northern Taiwan. It begins at the confluence of Xindian Creek and Dahan Creek at the western boundary of Taipei and New Taipei City just north of Banqiao District and flows northward and northwestward emptying into the Taiwan Strait.The river's three tributaries are Xindian Creek Dahan Creek and Keelung River.
 The Custuri River is a tributary of the Agârcia River in Romania.
 The Gross Lohner (also spelled Gross Loner German: Great Lohner) is a limestone mountain of the Bernese Alps located between Adelboden and Kandersteg in the Bernese Oberland. The main summit has an elvation of 3048.7 metres (10002 ft) above sea level and is distinguished by the name Vorder Lohner (Fore Lohner).
 Shenango River Lake is a reservoir in the Shenango River Valley of western Pennsylvania and northeastern Ohio. Authorized by the Flood Control Acts of 1938 the lake is one of 16 flood control projects in the Pittsburgh District designed to prevent flooding.
 Cloudcroft Peaks (8710 feet (2655 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 The Vanoise massif is a mountain range in the Graian Alps in the western part of the Alps.
 The Pirapetinga River (upper Paraíba do Sul) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Pracaí River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Rivanna River is a 42.1-mile-long (67.8 km) tributary of the James River in central Virginia in the United States. The Rivanna's tributaries originate in the Blue Ridge Mountains; via the James River it is part of the watershed of Chesapeake Bay.According to the Geographic Names Information System the Rivanna has also been known as Mountain Falls Creek and River Anna.
 Acosta is a small lunar impact crater located just to the north of the prominent crater Langrenus near the east edge of Mare Fecunditatis. To the west are the trio of Atwood Naonobu and Bilharz. Acosta is named after the Portuguese natural historian Cristóvão da Costa.The crater is circular and bowl-shaped with a small interior floor at the midpoint of the sloping inner walls. This crater was designated Langrenus C prior to being renamed by the IAU.
 Waldhäuserriegel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Picuí River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 Sand Mountain is a Singing sand dune 20 miles (32 km) east of Fallon Nevada along U.S. Route 50. The dune is two miles long and 600 feet (180 m) high.It lies on the edge of the ancient Lake Lahontan that for the most part dried up 9000 years ago. Sand Mountain Recreation Area is managed by the Bureau of Land Management and is open to off-highway vehicle use. The area is also the only home of the Sand Mountain Blue Butterfly.Off highway vehicle rules Camp only in designated areas. 8 ft.
 Breitenstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The McRae River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from its sources in the Inland Kaikoura Range to meet the Awatere River 40 kilometres southwest of Seddon.
 Fourth Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island at the expansion of Sadie Creek south of the Nanaimo River.
 The Glenner (Romansh: Glogn) is a Whitewater river in Graubünden. Glenner was also the name of a district in this area which was annexed by Surselva District in 2001.The river rises near the border with Ticino and is surrounded by up tp 3100m high mountains. The river flows through the Val Lumnezia. In Suraua the Vals Rhine flows into the Glenner. After a few more kilometers the Glenner flows into the Vorderrhein at Ilanz.
 The Great River is a river of Grenada.
 Molunkus Stream is a tributary of the Mattawamkeag River in Maine. From the confluence of the stream's East Branch and West Branch (45°53′50″N 68°24′20″W) in Sherman the river runs 35.6 miles (57.3 km) southeast to its mouth on the Mattawamkeag in Kingman.
 Y Foel Goch is a mountain in Snowdonia north-west Wales and is a sister peak along with Gallt yr Ogof to Glyder Fach. Between Glyder Fach and its summit lies Llyn Caseg-fraith a popular lake for photographing Tryfan and its reflection. The summit is grassy with a few small rock outcrops and is marked with a small cairn. The views are limited to the bulky neighbours of Moel Siabod Tryfan and Glyder Fach. The ridge continues eastwards to Gallt yr Ogof.
 Villbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Twiste is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Bureinsky Ridge (50°N 133°E) is a ridge in the Khabarovsk Krai in the southern part of the Russian Far East spanning about 400 km and with a maximum height of 2167m.The ridge is the drainage divide of the Bureya Amgun and Urmi rivers. The Dusse-Alin Tunnel on the Baikal Amur Mainline crosses the ridge to enter the Amgun River valley.
 The Valea Seacă River or Mireasa River is a tributary of the Casimcea River in Romania.
 South Channel also known as the Penang Strait to locals is a channel separating Penang Island and mainland Peninsular Malaysia in Malaysia. Penang Island is on the western side of the channel while the mainland is on the eastern side. Specifically the mainland side of the channel is called Seberang Perai and is a part of the state of Penang. The channel joins the Strait of Malacca the world's busiest sea route to the north and south.
 The Norns Range is a subrange of the Valkyr Range of the Selkirk Mountains in southeastern British Columbia Canada located southwest of junction of Little Slocan River and Slocan River north of Castegar.
 The Gada River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică River in Romania.
 Nab Scar is a fell in the English Lake District an outlier of the Fairfield group in the Eastern Fells. It stands above Rydal Water.
 The Tochquonyalla Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges located east of the Gamsby River and west of Lindquist Lake in northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Păltinei River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Chilchalphorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden. On the northern side of the mountain lies a glacier named Fanellgletscher.
 The Ormeniș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Lemhi Pass is a high mountain pass in the Beaverhead Mountains part of the Bitterroot Range in the Rocky Mountains and within Salmon-Challis National Forest. The pass lies on the Montana-Idaho border on the continental divide at an elevation of 7373 feet (2247 m) above sea level.
 Mount Saint Helena (Wappo: Kanamota Human Mountain) is a peak in the Mayacamas Mountains with flanks in Napa Sonoma and Lake counties of California. Composed of uplifted 2.4-million-year-old volcanic rocks from the Clear Lake Volcanic Field it is one of the few mountains in the San Francisco Bay Area to receive any snowfall during the winter.The mountain has five peaks arranged in a rough M shape. Its highest point North Peak is in Sonoma County.
 Kachess Lake is a lake and reservoir along the course of the Kachess River in Washington state USA. The upper part of the lake north of a narrows is called Little Kachess Lake. The Kachess River flows into the lake from the north and out from the south.
 Brookvale Park Lake (grid reference SP091911) is a former drinking water reservoir in the Erdington area of Birmingham England.Two brooks arising at Kingstanding and Bleak Hill Erdington respectively feed first Witton Lakes then overspill into Brookvale Park Lake before reaching the River Tame and ultimately the North Sea via the Trent and Humber.The brooks are natural; the lakes were created at the end of the 19th century to supply drinking water for Birmingham.
 The Betsiamites (also called Bersimis) is a river of Côte-Nord Quebec Canada which joins the Saint Lawrence River.The 978 square kilometres (378 sq mi) Pipmuacan Reservoir impounded by the Bersimis-1 Dam is roughly halfway down its course.
 Cerro Laguna Verde is one of the many stratovolcanoes that integrate a 180 km (112 mi)-long chain east of the Gran Salar de Atacama in Chile's II Region.
 The Ibuki Mountains (伊吹山地 Ibuki Sanchi) are a mountain range straddling the border between Gifu and Shiga prefectures in Japan. After lowering and nearly disappearing in Shiga Prefecture the range continues as the Suzuka Mountains. During the winter the winds from the Ibuki Mountains are a cause of much of the snowfall on the Nōbi Plain covering Gifu and Aichi prefectures.The range is named after Mount Ibuki the highest peak in the range at an elevation of 1377 meters above sea-level.
 Qachu Quta (Aymara qachu female quta lake female lake) is a small lake in Bolivia situated east of Lake Titicaca in the Eliodoro Camacho Province of the La Paz Department.
 Bennett Lake is a lake that sits partly in the Province of British Columbia and partly in Yukon both located in northwestern Canada. It is just north of the border with the United States state of Alaska near the Alaskan port of Skagway.The narrow-gauge White Pass and Yukon Route Railroad connects Bennett British Columbia at the south end of the lake with Skagway further south and Whitehorse Yukon on the north.
 Eungella Dam is one of Queensland's more established freshwater fisheries. Eungella has made a name for producing extra oversized Sooty grunter and more recently Barramundi.Eungella Dam was constructed in 1969 to meet the requirements of a thermal power station at Collinsville and the town water requirement of Collinsville and Scottsville.
 The Antholzer Bach (Italian: Rio Anterselva) is a stream in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Ketelmeer (English: Lake Kettle) 52.596792°N 5.762329°E﻿ / 52.596792; 5.762329 is the tongue of the IJsselmeer into which the IJssel actually drains it is situated between the polders Noordoostpolder and East Flevoland and connects the river IJssel to the lake IJsselmeer.
 The Oboieni River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 New Zealand's longest Wairoa River runs for 150 kilometres through the northern part of the North Auckland Peninsula. In the upper reaches the river is formed from two separate rivers the Manganui River and - confusingly - the Wairua River. The two streams meet to the northeast of Dargaville becoming the Wairoa.
 Seč dam (Czech Sečská přehrada) is an artificial drinking water reservoir located in Pardubice Region Czech Republic. It supplies cities of Pardubice and Chrudim and is also an important tourist destination located in protected area Železné hory. The dam has also regulatory function and its water is used in some water power plants.
 The Cârnea River or Cârnu River is a tributary of the Pârâul Morii in Romania.
 The Maratá River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Mount Manchester is the highest peak in the Dead Mountains of extreme northeastern San Bernardino County California in the Mojave Desert.
 Sparrow Lake is a lake located in the south-central region of the Province of Ontario Canada. It is situated north-west of the town of Orillia and south of the town of Gravenhurst Ontario and approximately 150 kilometres and a 1.5 hour drive north of the Greater Toronto Area.Sparrow Lake is the most southerly lake in the popular Muskoka tourist region.The lake was named after a William Sparrow an Englishman who fished and hunted the area in the 19th century.
 Barva Volcano is an inactive volcano. On the Eastern side of the mountain it has a lake in what formerly was the volcanic crater called Laguna de Barva and in the Western side it has three hills on the top which are called Las Tres Marías. It is an andesitic shield complex in central Costa Rica 22 km north of San José in Heredia Province. It sits on the small agricultural community of Sacramento.
 Hockley Brook is a brook or stream in north Birmingham England. It rises just outside the city in Smethwick and runs through the city's Soho Hockley and Aston districts to its confluence with the River Tame beneath Gravelly Hill Interchange. From there its waters flow via the Trent to the Humber Estuary and the North Sea.
 Pocono Peak Lake is a lake in Lehigh Township Wayne County Pennsylvania in the United States. The lake is the origin of the Lehigh River.
 The Râul fără Apă is a headwater of the Sohodol River in Romania.
 The Selway River is a large tributary of the Middle Fork Clearwater River in the U.S. state of Idaho. It flows within the Selway-Bitterroot Wilderness the Bitterroot National Forest and the Nez Perce National Forest of North Central Idaho.
 The Buzat River is a tributary of the Desnățui River in Romania.
 The Wieseck is a river in Hesse Germany. It is a left tributary of the Lahn in the Vorderer Vogelsberg region. It rises in Saasen and after 24.3 kilometres flows into the Lahn at Giessen near the railway station. The Giessen suburb of Wieseck is named after the river.
 The Wilde Kreuzspitze is a mountain in the Zillertal Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Grand Lake is a large lake in the interior of Newfoundland of the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. It has an area of 534 km² making it the largest lake on Newfoundland. Consequently it is one of if not the deepest.
 The Siliștea River is a tributary of the Valea Porumbenilor River in Romania.
 Alvand or Alvand Kuh (Persian: الوند‎) is a subrange of Zagros in western Iran.This mountain chain is located near Hamedan with a summit of 3570 m and consists mainly of intrusive rocks (granite granitoid and diorite).It belong to pro-Zagros range mountains. Alvand and Damavand are holy mountains in Iran.
 The Padina Șirnii River is a headwater of the Padina Dâncioarei River in Romania. The hiking trek from Dâmbovicioara village to Mount Ciocanu runs along the Padina Șirnii River.
 Nabaganga (Bengali: নবগঙ্গা নদী) is the fourth biggest river in Bangladesh and a tributary of Mathabhanga.
 The Cârțișoara River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Pârâul Doamnei and Bâlea
 The Glăvănești River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Mount Nokogiri (鋸岳 Nokogiri-dake) is a mountain located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaido Japan.
 Biała is a river in eastern Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship a left tributary of the Supraśl River with a length of 29.9 kilometres and a basin area of 119 km2. Biała passes through Białystok from south to north-east.
 The Moose River is a river in Mount Robson Provincial Park of British Columbia. It is the first river tributary of the Fraser entering the Fraser just above the inlet to Moose Lake which ironically is along the course of the Fraser & not the Moose.
 The Orosí Volcano in Spanish the Volcán Orosí is an inactive volcano in Costa Rica situated in the Cordillera de Guanacaste near the border with Nicaragua.
 Young Lick is a mountain that lies in three Georgia counties Habersham Rabun and Towns. Its summit - Young Lick Knob elevation 3809 feet (1161 m) is one of Habersham County's highest points. Young Lick Knob is crossed by the Appalachian Trail.The peak is geographically significant for two reasons. First it marks the point where Habersham Rabun and Towns counties meet.
 Kinlichee Creek (also known as Ganado Wash and Kin(-)Li(-)Chee Creek) is a stream located in Apache County Arizona northeast of the census-designated place of Ganado.The head of Kinlichee Creek is located 7.5 miles (12.1 km) west of Fort Defiance Arizona; it flows to the southwest 3.5 miles (5.6 km) and then west-northwest through Bear Canyon.
 Fearing Pond also erroneously named on some maps as Fearings Pond (pronounced to rhyme with bearing) is a 24-acre (97000 m2) natural kettlehole pond in Plymouth Massachusetts. The average depth is ten feet and the maximum depth is 20 feet (6.1 m). It is located in the southern section of Myles Standish State Forest north of Charge Pond northwest of Abner Pond west of Fawn Pond south of College Pond southeast of East Head Reservoir and east of the forest headquarters.
 The Salzachgeier (2469 m AA) is a rugged peak on the edge of the Kitzbühel Alps on the border of the Austrian states of Salzburg and Tyrol. In the cirques and high alpine meadows (Hochalmen) of its eastern slopes and the two neighbouring peaks of Fünfmandling (2401 m) and Schwebenkopf (2354 m) are the headstreams of the Salzach the largest river north of the Salzburg Central Alps.The Salzachgeier has a double summit where five sharp ridges run together.
 The Wych Brook or Red Brook formerly known as the River Elfe is a small river in the north-west midlands of the United Kingdom. It forms both the historic and present-day border between England (Cheshire) and Wales (Maelor Saesneg a detached portion of Flintshire now within Wrexham County Borough). It is a tributary of the River Dee.
 The Taylor River is one of the two rivers that flow across the Wairau Plain into Blenheim New Zealand where it joins the Opawa River. It arises near Taylor Pass to the south of the Wither Hills and flows north-east and north.
 Las Habras Lake is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 136 m its surface area is 73 km².
 Weed Patch Hill also known as Weed Patch Knob (1058 feet or 322 m) is the third highest summit in the U.S. state of Indiana. Located in Washington Township and Brown County State Park it is the highest point in the Knobstone Escarpment.In Indiana only Hoosier Hill (1257 feet or 383 m) in Wayne County and Sand Hill (1076 feet or 328 m) in Noble County are higher.
 The Untxin is a coastal river of the French Basque Country in Aquitaine Southwest France. It rises on the northern slope of the Xoldokogaina (479 m) in the east of Biriatou.The motorway of the Basque Coast (A63) is settled in its valley. It collects in Urrugne waters from the Mandale. The Untxin flows into the ocean in Ciboure.
 Oneida Lake is the largest lake entirely within New York State (79.8 square miles (207 km2)).The lake is located northeast of Syracuse and near the Great Lakes. It feeds the Oneida River a tributary of the Oswego River which flows into Lake Ontario.
 The Trus Madi Range is a range of mountains in Sabah Borneo. It includes the state's second highest peak Mount Trus Madi after which it is named. The Trus Madi Range is a part of the Western Hill Ranges.
 Kesagami Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Tisnaren is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Penny River (also known as Schrader No Name River) is a waterway on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. There are several creek tributaries including Willow Snowshoe and Homestake from the west; and Quartz and Negsue from the east. Penny River enters Bering Sea a little east of the mouth of Cripple River and has a drainage area of 36 square miles (93 km2)
 Winzenhohler Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mola del Guerxet is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1121 metres above sea level.
 The Sardinata River (Spanish pronunciation: [saɾðiˈnata]) is a river of Colombia. It drains into Lake Maracaibo via the Catatumbo River.
 Ploggensee is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 32.9 m its surface area is 0.15 km².
 Kesselbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Straumsfjorden is a lake that is located along the border of the municipalities of Bygland and Valle in Aust-Agder county Norway. The lake has a dam on the south end which discharges into the Hjellevatn lake and eventually travels to the lake Topsæ and the Tovdalselva river drainage basin.Artifacts dating back to the Iron Age have been found along the lake.
 The Río ícán is a river in Southwest Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range on the slopes of the Santo Tomás volcano in the department of Suchitepéquez. It flows southwards through the coastal lowlands of Suchitepequez to the Pacific Ocean.The river runs more or less parallel to its main tributary the Sís River. The Sís - Icán river basin covers a territory of 919 km2.
 Round Mountain 780 feet (238 m) above sea level was a peak of the Holyoke Range of traprock mountains located in the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts and part of the greater Metacomet Ridge that stretches from Long Island Sound to nearly the Vermont border. Round Mountain was located mostly within Granby but some land was within the towns of Amherst and South Hadley Massachusetts.
 Betaab valley is situated at a distance of 15 kilometers from Pahalgam in Anantnag district in India's northernmost state of Jammu and Kashmir. The valley got its name from the Sunny Deol-Amrita Singh hit debut film Betaab. The Valley is towards northeast of Pahalgam and falls between Pahalgam and Chandanwadi and is en route Amarnath Temple Yatra. The valley surrounded by lush green meadows snow clad mountains and covered with dense vegetation.
 Dunham River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.The river rises between the Durack Range and the O'Donnell Range then flows north-west parallel with the Great Northern Highway to the east and the Bedford Stock Route to the west.
 Kymi river (Finnish: Kymijoki Swedish: Kymmene älv) is a river in Finland. It begins from the lake Päijänne flows through the provinces of Päijänne Tavastia Uusimaa and Kymenlaakso and discharges into the Gulf of Finland. River passes the towns of Heinola and Kouvola. City of Kotka is located in the immediate vicinity of the river delta.
 The Valea Râpoasă River is a tributary of the Călata River in Romania.
 Stolovi (Serbian Cyrillic: Столови) is a mountain in central Serbia near the city of Kraljevo. Its highest peak Usovica has an elevation of 1356 meters above sea level.
 The Corâiu River is a tributary of the Bâsculița River in Romania.
 Mount James (9375 feet (2858 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Mount James is 1.35 miles (2.17 km) northeast of Triple Divide Peak.
 Mörtsjön (Swedish for Roach Lake) is a small lake in Huddinge Municipality south of Stockholm in Sweden. Part of the Orlången Nature Reserve Mörtsjön is also one of the smaller lakes of the Tyresån Lake System
 The Pleșcoaia River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Seealpsee is a lake in the Alpstein range of the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden Switzerland. At an elevation of 1143.2 m the surface area is 13.6 hectares. The lake can be reached by foot from Wasserauen or from Ebenalp. A network of routes around Ebenalp connects Seealpsee with other notable sights in the Appenzell Alps such as the Wildkirchli and Säntis. The Berggasthaus Forelle am Seealpsee with a large open air terrace dominates the western end of the lake.
 Haworth is an impact crater that lies at the south pole of the Moon. The crater is named after Walter Haworth.
 The River Taff (Welsh: Afon Taf) is a large river in Wales. It rises as two rivers in the Brecon Beacons — the Taf Fechan (Little Taff) and the Taf Fawr (Big Taff) — before joining to form the Taff north of Merthyr Tydfil. The river supports a number of migratory fish including salmon sea trout and eel.
 The Boteni River ( Hungarian: Boták-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Lake Abbe also known as Lake Abhe Bad is a salt lake lying on the Ethiopia-Djibouti border. It is one of a chain of six connected lakes which also includes (from north to south) lakes Gargori Laitali Gummare Bario and Afambo.
 Popes Peak is a mountain on the border of Alberta and British Columbia in Western CanadaIt is located on the Continental Divide and is part of the Bow Range of the Canadian Rockies. The mountain sits between Lake Louise Valley and Cataract Brook bordering both Banff and Yoho national parks.The mountain was first climbed in 1903 by George Collier and his brother Joseph guided by Christian Kauffman.
 The Sommêtres (1079 m) are a chain of rocks overlooking the Doubs north of Le Noirmont in the canton of Canton of Jura.The Sommêtres are a popular climbing area.
 Van Biesbroeck is a small lunar impact crater that interrupts the southern rim of the lava-flooded crater Krieger in the Oceanus Procellarum. The crater is circular and symmetrical with sloping inner walls that run down to a small interior floor. Van Biesbroeck was designated Krieger B before the IAU gave it a unique name.
 The Tavé des Chasseurs (3165 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of Fionnay in the canton of Valais. It belongs to the Grand Combin massif and lies east of the Corbassière Glacier.
 Pfaffenteich is a pond in Schwerin Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 39.2 m its surface area is 0.123 km².
 Marpe (Salwey) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bstanu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Ehrichspitze is a mountain in the Weisskamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Pico do Fogo pronounced: [ˈpiku du ˈfoɡu] is the highest peak of Cape Verde rising to 2829 metres (9281 ft) above sea level. It is an active stratovolcano lying on the island of Fogo. The main cone last erupted in 1675 causing mass emigration from the island. A subsidiary vent erupted in 1995. The only deadly eruption was in 1847 when earthquakes killed several people.The mountain's slopes are used to grow coffee while its lava is used as building material.
 The Jundiaí River (Portuguese Rio Jundiaí) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Tietê River which it joins at Salto.
 Serra de Montsant is a mountain chain in Catalonia Spain. It is part of the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range. The main peaks are Roca Corbatera (1163 m) Piló dels Senyalets (1109 m) and la Cogulla (1063 m).The Montsant mountain range is a natural park.This mountain region gives its name to the Montsant wine-producing area.
 Aotea Harbour is the smallest of three large natural inlets in the Tasman Sea coast of the Waikato region of New Zealand's North Island. It is located between Raglan Harbour to the north and Kawhia Harbour to the south 30 kilometres southwest of Hamilton. 54% of the area around the harbour is in sheep and beef grazing. Since 1850 native forest cover has declined from 98% to 28% about 18% managed by the Department of Conservation.
 Seven Creeks is a creek in Victoria Australia that is a part of the Murray-Darling Basin. The confluence of this river is located in Kialla flowing into the Goulburn River. The creek passes through Euroa.In 1836 during his Australia Felix expedition Major Mitchell camped on the banks of Seven Creeks at Euroa.
 The Cârciuma River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Landgraben (Dresden) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Maranda River is a tributary of the Herța River in Romania.
 The Rhodopes /ˈrɒdəpiːz/ (Bulgarian: Родопи Rodopi; Greek: Ροδόπη Rodopi; Turkish: Rodop) are a mountain range in Southeastern Europe with over 83% of its area in southern Bulgaria and the remainder in Greece. Its highest peak Golyam Perelik (2191 meters (7188 ft)) is the seventh highest Bulgarian mountain.
 The Fâstâci River is a tributary of the Buda River in Romania.
 Quenzsee is a lake in the state of Brandenburg Germany. It is situated to the west of the city of Brandenburg an der Havel and is one of a number of directly linked lakes along with the Breitlingsee Möserscher See Plauer See and Wendsee.The lake has a surface area of 68 hectares (170 acres) and has a maximum depth of 3 metres (9.8 ft).The lake is navigable and has direct access to the Plauer See and hence the River Havel at its western end.
 Star Lake is a lake in Vilas County Wisconsin United States. The lake covers an area of 1206 acres (4.88 km2) and reaches a maximum depth of 68 ft (21 m). The community of Star Lake Wisconsin is located on the lake's northeast shore. Fish species enzootic to Pelican Lake include bluegill largemouth bass muskellunge northern pike smallmouth bass and walleye.
 The Emory River is a stream draining a portion of Tennessee's Cumberland Plateau.
 The Granița River is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 Scheele is a tiny bowl-shaped lunar impact crater that lies on the Oceanus Procellarum to the south of the small crater Wichmann. To the southwest is the flooded crater Letronne. Just to the west of Scheele are several low ridges projecting above the surface of the lunar mare.This crater was previously designated Letronne D before being named by the IAU after the chemist Carl Wilhelm Scheele.
 The Sălaș River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 Falso Azufre is a complex volcano at the border of Argentina and Chile.
 Mount Franklin is a mountain with an elevation of 1646 metres (5400 ft) AHD  in the Brindabella Ranges that is located on the border between the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales Australia. The summit of the mountain is located in the Australian Capital Territory.The mountain is located in the Bimberi Nature Reserve and the Namadgi National Park. A marked walking trail to the summit can be reached via Mount Franklin Road.
 Slavkovský štít is a mountain peak in the High Tatras mountains in Slovakia. Its summit is 2452 metres above sea level. It can be reached by foot on a walking trail in about four and a half hours from Starý Smokovec.
 The Yalu River (Yalu in Chinese; also called the Amrok in Korea) is a river on the border between North Korea and China. Together with the Tumen River to its east and a small portion of Baekdu (Changbai) Mountain the Yalu forms the border between North Korea and China and is notable as a site involved in military conflicts in the First Sino-Japanese War the Russo-Japanese War and the Korean War.
 Kolejówka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Szotkówka.
 Aurach (Regnitz Mittelfranken) is a river of Bavaria Germany. It is a tributary of the river Regnitz.The river Aurach starts in Frankenhöhe to the west of Klaus Aurach in the municipality of Markt Erlbach. It runs through Aurachtal the town of Herzogenaurach and the Erlangen district of Frauenaurach. After crossing under the Main-Danube Canal it joins the river Regnitz at Erlangen- Bruck.A recreational cycle path runs alongside the river Aurach from Herzogenaurach to Erlangen.
 Kleinpritzer See is a lake in Ludwigslust-Parchim Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 36.6 m its surface area is 2.42 km².
 Augraben is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Corumbiara River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Vesalius is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon less than 100 kilometers south of the lunar equator. Just to the northwest is the slightly smaller crater Buisson. Farther to the west-southwest lies the prominent crater Einthoven.The outer rim of Vesalius is generally circular but somewhat irregular. There is an outward bulge at the southern extremity and a low rim at the northern end. The inner wall displays some slight terracing.
 Guariba River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Râul Lung or Pârâul Lung or Feneș River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania. The upper course of the river upstream of Poiana Zloaba is also known as Muroniu River
 Braganza Ghats are a stretch of hill section at the Goa – Karnataka border. This 26 km ghat section rail road connecting coastal Goa to the hinterlands of Karnataka and other parts. It has three stations en route in the ghats – Caranzol Doodhsagar and Sonalium.
 The Tym River (Russian: Тымь) is a river on the island of Sakhalin Russia and the second longest river on the island after the Poronai River. The name of the river is translated from Nivkh as spawning river. The river flows through Tymovsky and Nogliki Districts of Sakhalin Oblast. It begins on the southern slopes of Mount Lopatin in the East Sakhalin Mountains flows through swampy lowlands in the Tym-Poronaiskaya Valley and finally flows into Nyisky Bay in the Sea of Okhotsk.
 The Pârâul Starului is a tributary of the Băiașu River in Romania
 Suur-Kirkajärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The Claro River (upper Tietê River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lalande is a small lunar impact crater that lies in the central part of the visible Moon on the eastern edge of Mare Insularum. The crater is surrounded by a high-albedo area of ejecta that extends into a ray system with a maximum radius of over 300 kilometers. The interior wall has a terrace system and there is a small central rise at the midpoint of the floor.
 Jabal al-Nour (also Jabal an-Nur or Jabal Nur)which can be translated from Arabic(جبل النور)The Mountain of Light or Hill of Illuminationis a mountain near Mecca in Saudi Arabia's Hejaz region. It is one of the most popular tourist attractions in Mecca. The mountain houses the famed Ghar-E-Hira or Hira cave. The cave is quite small four arm's length long by 1.75 arm's length wide. The mountain is barely six hundred and forty meters tall.
 Estling Lake is a lake in Denville New Jersey with a small private summer community of approximately 60 houses. The lake is fed by Den Brook and drains over a dam into Indian Lake. New Jersey Transit's Montclair-Boonton Line runs along the north shore of the lake.
 The Șipot River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 The Pirajuí River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Ivăneasa River is a tributary of the Dorofei River in Romania.
 The Cotești River is a tributary of the Oreavul River in Romania.
 The Kyma (Russian: Кыма) is a river in Leshukonsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Mezen River. It is 219 kilometres (136 mi) long and the area of its basin 2630 square kilometres (1020 sq mi).
 Strawberry Reservoir is a large reservoir in the U.S. state of Utah. It is Utah's most popular fishery receiving over 1.5 million angling hours annually and is part of the Blue Ribbon Fisheries program. Game fish in the reservoir include sterilized rainbow trout bear lake cutthroat trout kokanee salmon and crayfish. It is located 23 miles (37 km) southeast of Heber Utah on U.S. Route 40.The reservoir is situated in Strawberry Valley.
 The Druesberg (or Drusberg) is a mountain located north of Pragel Pass in the canton of Schwyz. It lies on the range between Unteriberg and Muotathal.The north side of the mountain is part of the skiing and hiking area Hoch-Ybrig.
 Wakhan River (Persian: اب واخان‎ āb-e vakhān Tajik: Wakhandarya) also known in English as Ab-i-Wakhan is the name of the Sarhad branch of the Panj River along its upper length in Wakhan Afghanistan.The river arises in the Hindu Kush. It is formed by the confluence of the Wakhjir River and the Bozai Darya near Kashch Goz and Bozai Gumbaz some 40 km west of the Wakhjir Pass.
 Czeskie Kamienie or Mužské kameny (Czech Rocks or Man Rocks in Polish and Czech respectively) 1416 metres (4646 ft) and Śląskie Kamienie or Dívčí kameny (Silesian Rocks or Maiden Rocks) 1413 metres (4636 ft) is a twin peak and a rock formation situated in the western part of Karkonosze on Polish and Czech border within the Karkonosze National Park on the Polish–Czech Friendship Trail. The rocks are up to 8 m high.
 Piz Nuna is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located northeast of Zernez in the canton of Graubünden. Its summit (3124 m) is the tripoint between the valley of Val Nuna Val Sampuoir and Val Laschadura.
 The Covăcia River is a tributary of the Strâmbu-Băiuţ River in Romania.
 Wäschberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Câlnău River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Salcia River.
 The Prisaca River is a tributary of the Prigoana River in Romania.
 Rederangsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.5 m its surface area is 2 km².
 The Michigan River (Arapaho: Bei'i'iiniicie ) is a tributary of the North Platte River approximately 69 miles (111 km) long in north central Colorado in the United States. It drains a rural part of the eastern side of North Park in eastern Jackson County. The river issues from Michigan Lakes a chain of alpine lakes at 11208 ft (3416 m) along the continental divide in southeast Jackson County just east of Nokhu Crags.
 Delano Peak is the highest point in the Tushar Mountains of south-central Utah. The Tushars are the third-highest range in the state after the Uinta Mountains and the La Sal Range though Delano itself is surpassed in height by at least thirty-one other Utah peaks.Located in the Fishlake National Forest Delano Peak is the highest point in both Beaver and Piute counties. The mountain is named for Columbus Delano (1809–1896) Secretary of the Interior during the Grant administration.
 Juami River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Monte Ponteranica is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Langrenus is a prominent impact crater located near the eastern lunar limb. The feature is circular in shape but appears oblong due to foreshortening. It lies on the eastern shore of the Mare Fecunditatis. To the south is the overlapping crater pair Vendelinus and the smaller Lamé. The inner wall of Langrenus is wide and irregularly terraced with an average width of about 20 kilometers.
 The Bârnat River is a tributary of the Trebiș River in Romania.
 The Rosenstein is a 735 m high mountain in the Swabian Jura (German: Schwäbische Alb) above the town of Heubach near Schwäbisch Gmünd Germany.With its exposed position as head of the Alb it had been of strategic importance. Excavations in the caves on Rosenstein have found tools dating back to the Paleolithic period. Among the best-known caves are scouring the Great and Dark hole.
 Kepinski is a lunar crater on the Moon's far side. It lies to the northwest of the larger crater Vernadskiy and northeast of Meggers.Kepinski has an outer rim that is marginally eroded due to subsequent impacts especially along the southwest side. The inner walls are relatively featreless sloping down to the interior. The floor is prominently occupied by a concentric bowl-shaped crater. This feature is offset slightly to the northwest of Kepinski's midpoint.
 The Izvorul cu Scări River is a tributary of the Runcu River in Romania.
 Gibraltar Peak is a mountain with an elevation of 1038 metres (3406 feet) AHD  that is located within the Tidbinbilla Nature Reserve approximately 26.4 kilometres (16.4 miles) from Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory of Australia. Gibraltar Peak is the 45th highest mountain in the Australian Capital Territory. There are two tracks leading up to the summit of the mountain the longer being 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) and the shorter being 8 kilometres (5.0 mi).
 The Ciumfu Mare River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 The Boca River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Poncione d'Arzo (also known as Monte Pravello) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies south of Lake Lugano on the group culminating at Monte San Giorgio.
 The Pap of Glencoe (Scottish Gaelic: Sgurr na Cìche) is a mountain on the northern side of Glen Coe in the Highlands of Scotland. It lies at the western end of the Aonach Eagach ridge directly above the point where the River Coe enters Loch Leven.The Pap is so named as it has a distinctive conical shape resembling a female breast (see: pap) particularly when viewed from the west.
 The Dorogna River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Nyrðra-Vatnalautavatn is the largest body of water on Ófeigsfjarðarheiði in Iceland.The lake is mostly famous for its idiosyncratic name.
 Druid Peak (elevation 9577 feet (2919 m)) is a moderate domed peak on the southern flank of the Absaroka Range in Yellowstone National Park. The peak lies just north of the Lamar River and Soda Butte Creek confluence at the head of the Lamar Valley. Prior to 1885 this summit was named Soda Hill by members of the Hayden Geological Survey of 1878 and Mount Longfellow or Longfellows' Peak by then park superintendent Philetus Norris in 1880.
 The Izvorul Bogat River is a tributary of the Tecșe River in Romania.
 Csóványos is a mountain in the Börzsöny range of the North Hungarian Mountains. It has an altitude of 938 metres and spans the border of Nógrád County and Pest County. This area was geologically active in the Miocene era 18 to 19 million years ago. In the Quaternary when volcanic activity commenced the immediate environment of Csóványos emerged. These movements created water features high above the forests. The forest on the mountain is dense with blue beech and Austrian oak.
 Lake Maurepas is located in southeastern Louisiana approximately halfway between New Orleans and Baton Rouge directly west of Lake Pontchartrain.
 The Verdugo River is a river in the province of Pontevedra Galicia in north-western Spain. Its source is located at 760 m in the municipality of Forcarei. The river ends in the Atlantic Ocean at Pontevedra.
 The Bormida is a river of north-west Italy which rises in Liguria as the Bormida di Millesimo and flows through Piedmont. After converging with the Bormida di Spigno near Bistagno it joins the Tanaro of which it is the major tributary north-east of Alessandria.
 Gersprenz is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Pârâul Negru River or Săliște River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
 Massachusetts Bay is a bay on the Atlantic Ocean that forms part of the coastline of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. The bay extends from Cape Ann on the north to Plymouth Harbor on the south a distance of about 42 miles (68 km).Its northern and southern shores incline toward each other through the entrance to Boston Harbor where they are about five miles apart. The depth from the base of the triangle to Boston Harbor is about 21 miles (34 km).
 Aubrey Peak also known as Grooms Peak is a summit located southeast of Flagstaff in Mohave County Arizona and is in the Hualapai Mountains.The peak can approached from the town of Wikieup on U.S. Route 93 by way of Chicken Spring Road which ascends to a saddle on the mountains northwest flank.The Aubrey Peak is profiled in Hiking Arizona's Geology as Hike 29 Aubrey Peak Road.
 Deep River is a river located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.The river is under tidal influence for the last 6 kilometres (4 mi) of its length. Although generally shallow the Deep River has depths of up to 6.5 metres (21 ft) in places.The Deep River is one of the few perennial rivers in Western Australia although 80% of its discharge occurs in winter and spring. The rivers water quality is very good fresh and low in nutrients.
 Airy is an impact crater on Mars named in honor of the British Astronomer Royal Sir George Biddell Airy (1801–1892). The crater is approximately 40 kilometres (25 mi) in diameter and is located at 0.1°E 5.1°S in the Meridiani Planum region. The much smaller crater Airy-0 which defines the location of Mars' prime meridian lies within it.
 The lowest and westernmost of the Issaquah Alps Cougar Mountain is part of the highlands in suburban Seattle Washington that rise abruptly from southeast of the intersection of I-90 and I-405. About two-thirds of Cougar Mountain has experienced residential development and is home to many neighborhood communities such as Lakemont but the forested heart of the hills was officially preserved by King County in June 1983 as Cougar Mountain Regional Wildland Park.
 The Bezelberg is a 638 m high mountain with an observation plateau near Neustadt/Vogtl. in Vogtlandkreis in the German Free State of Saxony. Because only the very top is wooded it offers a good all-round view of the local area as well as the escarpment of the Ore Mountains that drops away to the northwest towards Steinberg bei Wernesgrün. In GDR times the mountain was used by the military due to its proximity to the border.
 Lauvknubben is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Sugarloaf is a mountain in west County Wicklow Ireland bordering the northern edge of the Glen of Imaal.It should not be confused with the better known Great Sugar Loaf and Little Sugar Loaf in the east of the county nor with the Sugarloaf in County Cork.
 Roca Centella is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1000 metres above sea level. This mountain is part of the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range.The name of the mountain means Lightning Rock in the Catalan language.
 The Whitewater River is a river in Fiordland New Zealand flowing eastward into George Sound.
 Tyndall Glacier or Geike Glacier is one of the largest glaciers in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field. It is located in the Torres del Paine National Park Chile. The glacier has its main calving front in Geikie Lake and like its neighbor Grey Glacier it has been significantly retreating for the last years. The glacier is named after the Irish glaciologist John Tyndall.
 The Spring River is a 57-mile (92-km) long river which flows through the U.S. states of Missouri and Arkansas. It consists of two branches the South Fork of the Spring River and the Spring River proper. The South Fork of the Spring River starts in Howell County Missouri and flows south through Fulton and Sharp counties in Arkansas. The South Fork of the Spring River joins the Spring River proper near the town of Hardy Arkansas.
 Taiga Lake is a small lake in Kenai Peninsula Borough Alaska. About 38 miles northeast of Kenai Alaska it was named after the taiga (a type of biome) around 1963 by officials at the Kenai National Moose Range.
 The Avon River is a small Canadian river in central Nova Scotia.A northerly flowing river the Avon River's flow rises at an elevation of 145 metres (475 ft.) at Card and Bag Lakes on the South Mountain a distance of approximately 29 kilometres (18 miles) southwest of the town of Windsor. Its meander length is 64 km (40 mi). At Windsor Forks the main tributary the West Branch Avon River adds its flow along with that of the Southwest Branch Avon to the Avon.
 Austin Creek is a 16.0-mile-long (25.7 km) southward-flowing stream in the mountains of western Sonoma County California which empties into the Russian River about 4 miles (6 km) from the Pacific Ocean.
 For the 2011 play of this title see South Downs (play).The South Downs is a range of chalk hills that extends for about 260 square miles (670 km2) across the south-eastern coastal counties of England from the Itchen Valley of Hampshire in the west to Beachy Head near Eastbourne East Sussex in the east. It is bounded on its northern side by a steep escarpment from whose crest there are extensive views northwards across the Weald.
 Savannakhet Province of Laos a tributary the Mekong. It originates from the Western side of Annamite Range and joins the Mekong near Savannakhet city.
 The Feiurdeni River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 The Crooked Creek Range is a mountain range in Malheur County Oregon.
 The Green River is a dam-release river that flows through the mountains of North Carolina south of Asheville. The Green has numerous tributaries but much of its water flows from a confluence with Big Hungry Creek. The river is dammed to form Lake Summit in Tuxedo North Carolina and Lake Adger near Mill Spring NC. The Green River is named for its deep green color but runs brown after heavy rains.
 Mount Alu is an volcano located on the eastern tip of island town of Lugus in the province of Sulu in the southernmost Philippines.The Philippine Institute of Volcanology and Seismology (Phivolcs) classifies Mount Alu as Inactive.
 The Mitchell River is a tributary of the Quesnel River approximately 30 miles (48 km) long near the eastern boundary of British Columbia Canada. It originates in glaciers in the northern Columbia Mountains and flows generally southwest through Mitchell Lake into Quesnel Lake and its water eventually travels down the Fraser River to the Pacific Ocean. Almost half of its course is flooded in natural lakes.
 Tacitus is a lunar impact crater located to the northwest of the crater Catharina at the northern extension of the Rupes Altai ridge line. Directly west is the crater Almanon and to the northeast is Cyrillus. To the southeast of Tacitus is a long chain of craters named the Catena Abulfeda. This chain runs to the northwest from the eastern edge of the Rupes Altai continuing for over 200 kilometers.The crater terminates a ridge which forms part of the Rupes Altai.
 Muuratjärvi is a lake of Finland in Muurame and Korpilahti Jyväskylä with a surface area of 32 km2. The lake drains into Päijänne via about 1 km long Muuratjoki river flowing through the center of Muurame.
 Carpinteria Creek is an 8.1-mile-long (13.0 km) stream that runs from headwaters in the Santa Ynez Mountains flows south past Snowball Mountain then continues southwest to its estuary at Carpinteria State Beach on the Santa Barbara Channel at Carpinteria.
 Lake Minnewanka (Water of the Spirits in Nakoda) is a glacial lake located in the eastern area of Banff National Park in Canada about five kilometres (3.1 miles) northeast of the Banff townsite.
 Bamberg Crater is an impact crater in the Mare Acidalium quadrangle of Mars located at 39.71 N and 356.9 E. It is 55.7 km in diameter and is named after a town in Germany.CTX images and HiRISE images from the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter have showed that the crater contains gullies. Martian Gullies are believed to have formed through rather recent flows of liquid water.
 Deli Jovan (Serbian Cyrillic: Дели Јован pronounced [dɛ̌li jɔ̌v̞an]) is a mountain in eastern Serbia near the town of Negotin. Its highest peak Crni vrh has an elevation of 1141 m (3743 ft) above sea level. On the top of the mountain there is a TV tower.
 The Rapolțel River is a tributary of the Lazu River in Romania.
 Evershed is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon named after the English solar astronomer John Evershed. It is located to the northeast of the larger crater Cockcroft and to the north of the smaller Van den Bergh.This crater has a worn outer rim that is somewhat indented and narrower along the eastern side where the formation overlays an older crater. The satellite crater Evershed R is attached to the outer southwest rim.
 The Abba River is a river in the South West of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Whicher Range in the Millbrook State Forest then flow in a northerly direction. The river crosses the Vasse Highway and then through Wonnerup Siding before discharging into the Vasse Estuary East of Busselton and finally the Indian Ocean.The river was named in 1834 by Frederick Ludlow.
 Macchial Lake is a low altitude lake which is situated in Mandi district (7 km from the Jogindernagar town). This lake is considered sacred and is named after Macchendru Devta or Matasya Avtar of Lord Vishnu.
 Water resources management in Nicaragua is carried out by the National water utility and regulated by the Nicaraguan Institute of water. The country is fortunate to have ample water supplies in rivers groundwater lagoons and significant rainfall. Distribution of rainfall is uneven though with more rain falling on an annual basis in the Caribbean lowlands and much lower amounts falling in the inland areas.
 The At-Bashi River (Kyrgyz: Атбашы дарыясы) is a left tributary of the Naryn River in Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan. The river is formed at the north slope of Jangy-Jer Range by confluence of rivers Ulan and Jangy-Jer.
 Mascoma Lake is a 1165-acre (4.71 km2) lake in western New Hampshire United States. Most of the lake is located within the town of Enfield while a small portion is within the city of Lebanon where it drains into the Mascoma River a tributary of the Connecticut River.The lake's general trend is from southeast to northwest with the outlet at the northwestern end. The Mascoma River enters the lake near its halfway point from the northeastern side at the town center of Enfield.
 Bernal Heights Summit or Bernal Heights Hill is a hill in San Francisco California the neighborhood of Bernal Heights. Upper elevations are part of Bernal Hill Park a component of San Francisco Recreation and Parks; a property at the highest elevation is privately owned and houses an equipment building and telecommunications tower known among the local community as Sutrito Tower. The park and summit are largely surrounded by Bernal Heights Boulevard.
 Matterhorn is the highest mountain in the Jarbidge Mountains of northern Elko County Nevada. The summit is the highest point in the Jarbidge Wilderness which is administered by the Jarbidge Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. Its name is derived from the Matterhorn in the Alps of Europe due mainly to the cliffs located immediately adjacent to the summit on the north and northeast.
 Mandeoksan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 409 metres.
 The Hanciu Mic River is a tributary of the Tișița Mare River in Romania.
 The Curmătura River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Eagle Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada west of the City of Dryden. The communities of Vermilion Bay and Migisi Sahgaigan are located on the lake's north shore.
 Kocbekov dom na Korošici (1803 m) is a mountain hut which lies on plateau Korošica under southern slope of Ojstrica. It is named after Fran Kocbek the early organizator of mountain hiking in Kamnik-Savinja Alps. The first hut whick was built in 1876 was burnt down in 1881. A year later they built a new one. During World War II is was captured by Germans. In the years 1969-1973 it was enlarged and modified.
 Frog Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 047.Frog Lake is just upstream of Little Frog Lake and surrounded by marshes which support a large breeding area for Columbia Spotted Frog and Western toads.
 Valparaiso River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Candle Lake is a body of water in central Saskatchewan approximately a fifty minute drive northeast of Prince Albert Saskatchewan. It is also the name of a resort village along the Eastern shore of the lake and of Candle Lake Provincial Park which encompasses much of the surrounding area. Candle Lake is a popular tourist destination in Western Canada and is located in the boreal forest biome.
 The Grăsuțu River is a tributary of the Grasu River in Romania.
 The Prihodiște River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 Dorney Lake (also known as Eton College Rowing Centre and as Eton Dorney as a 2012 Summer Olympics venue) is a purpose-built rowing lake in England. It is near the village of Dorney Buckinghamshire and is around 3 km (2 miles) west of Windsor and Eton close to the River Thames.The lake is privately owned and financed by Eton College which spent £17 million developing it.
 Ireland Brook is a tributary of Lawrence Brook in Middlesex County New Jersey in the United States.Ireland Brook is a moderately long stream that drains an area in central East Brunswick.
 The Rediu River or Fundu Văii River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania. Rediu storage lake is located on this river.
 The Valea Stâlpului River or Stâlpul River is a tributary of the Bega Luncanilor River in Romania.
 Karapınar is a volcanic field located in central Turkey near the city of Karapınar. The basaltic Karapınar volcanic field consists of five cinder cones two lava fields and several explosion craters and maars. The 300-m-high Meke Dağı surrounded by the Meke Golu crater lake is one of the largest cinder cones in Central Anatolia.
 Lac de Charpal is a lake in Lozère France. At an elevation of 1326 m its surface area is 1.9 km².Three communes border the lake: Arzenc-de-Randon Le Born and Rieutort-de-Randon.The Colagne and numerous brooks feed the lake which provides Mende and other communes with water.
 San José Lake is a lake in the Beni Department of central Bolivia. East of the city of Trinidad the lake sits at an elevation of 202 m its surface area is 14.7 km².
 Waskerley Reservoir is the largest of a group of three reservoirs located on Muggleswick Common County Durham the others being Smiddy Shaw and Hisehope Reservoirs.The reservoir which was constructed in 1877 is owned and operated by Northumbrian Water. It and Smiddy Shaw—which in turn is fed by Hisehope—feed water under gravity to a water treatment works at Honey Hill.
 Skjærsjøen is a regulated lake in Nordmarka Oslo Norway. It drains through the river Skjærsjøelva to Maridalsvannet and also via tubes to the Hammeren Hydroelectric Power Station. It is regulated by the dam Skjærsjødammen from 1890.
 The Piracicaba River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Bocchetto Sessera or Bocchetto di Sessera is a mountain pass (el. 1373 m) across the Alpi Biellesi. It connects Strona di Mosso Valley and Valsessera both in the province of Biella (Piemonte Italy) .
 The Pripyat River or Prypiat River (Ukrainian: Прип’ять pronounced [ˈprɪpjɑtʲ]; Belarusian: Прыпяць Prypiać [ˈprɨpʲatsʲ]; Polish: Prypeć [ˈprɨpɛtɕ]; Russian: Припять [ˈprʲipʲɪtʲ]) is a river in Eastern Europe approximately 761 km (473 mi) long. It flows east through Ukraine Belarus and Ukraine again draining into the Dnieper.The Pripyat passes through an exclusion zone established around the site of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster. It is polluted with radionuclides.
 Iso-Syöte is the southernmost fell in Finland adjacent to the Syöte National Park that is named after the fell. Located approximately 150 kilometres (90 mi) from the Arctic Circle Syöte is Finland’s southernmost fell region and it also happens to be the Finnish region that gets the most snow. The blanket of snow covering the trees and landscape transforms nature into a fairy tale land. Travelling resort consists of two fells and skiing centers namely Iso-Syöte and Pikku-Syöte.
 Nevado San Francisco or Cerro San Francisco (Spanish pronunciation: [san fɾanˈsisko]) is a stratovolcano on the border between Argentina and Chile located just southeast of San Francisco Pass. It is considered extinct and is one of the several 6000 m (19700 ft) peaks in the area of which the chief is the Ojos del Salado.
 Mount Cox (71°50′S 160°32′E) is a mountain 1960 metres (6430 ft) high in the north-central part of the Emlen Peaks 5 nautical miles (9 km) north of Killer Nunatak Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos 1960–63 and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Allen N. Cox U.S.
 The James River is a medium-sized river in central Alberta. It is a tributary of the Red Deer River.Species of fish commonly found: Brown troutRainbow troutMountain whitefishNorthern Pike and a few others. It forms in the Rocky Mountains and flows eastward before joining the Red Deer River. The Forestry Trunk Road follows the river for much of its course. The James River is also bridged by Alberta Highway 22 near the unincorporated community of James River Bridge.
 Bair Peak (12335 feet (3760 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The mountain is on the Continental Divide in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest and Popo Agie Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest. Washakie Glacier lies on the north slopes of the peak.
 The Echoing River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Manitoba and Ontario Canada. Its flows from its source at Echoing Lake in Unorganized part of Kenora District Northwestern Ontario to its mouth at the Gods River in Northern Manitoba. The Gods River flows via the Hayes River to Hudson Bay.The First Nations community of Shamattawa is at the river's mouth.
 Monte Chiappo is a mountain of the Appennine located in Italy. It has an elevation of 1699 metres (5574 ft).Its summit is a tripoint at which the borders of the regions of Piedmont Lombardy and Emilia-Romagna meet.
 The Indian River is a river in Washington County Maine. From its source (44°40′27″N 67°42′09″W) in Columbia Falls the river runs about 12.7 miles (20.4 km) south to its estuary at the village of Indian River in the town of Addison. The tidal portion of the Indian River extends another 3.6 miles (5.8 km) south and then west to Wohoa Bay an arm of Western Bay on the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Connecticut Lakes are a group of lakes in Coos County northern New Hampshire United States situated along the headwaters of the Connecticut River. They are accessed via the northernmost segment of U.S. Route 3 between the village of Pittsburg and the Canada port of entry south of Chartierville Quebec. The lakes are located within the boundaries of Pittsburg but are far from the town center.
 Lake Solina (Polish: Jezioro Solińskie) is an artificial lake in the Bieszczady Mountains region more precisely in Lesko County of the Subcarpathian Voivodship of Poland. Its coordinates are 49°22′27″N 22°27′8″E.The lake was created in 1968 by the construction of the Solina Dam on the San River. It has an area of 22 square kilometres (8 sq mi) and contains 472 million cubic meters of water making it Poland's largest artificial lake.
 The Ferro River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Lastarria also known as Azufre is a stratovolcano along the border of Argentina and Chile.
 Espejo Lake (Spanish for Mirror Lake) is a lake of glacial tectonic origin located in southern Neuquén Province Argentina. The lake lies near the town of Villa La Angostura on the route known as the Road of the Seven Lakes.Its name refers to the clean and quiet waters which reflect the landscape like a mirror. The lake is fed by numerous streams bringing snow- and ice-melt from the nearby mountains.
 The Ivelchester and Langport Navigation was a scheme to make the River Ivel (now called the River Yeo) navigable from Langport to Ilchester in Somerset England. Work started in 1795 but the scheme was effectively bankrupt by 1797 and construction of the locks was never completed.
 Catoctin Mountain along with the geologically associated Bull Run Mountains comprises the easternmost mountain ridge of the Blue Ridge Mountains which are in turn a part of the Appalachian Mountains range. The ridge runs northeast/southwest for about 50 miles (80 km) departing from South Mountain near Emmitsburg Maryland and running south past Leesburg Virginia where it disappears into the Piedmont in a series of low-lying hills near Aldie.
 Geißkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Gulf of Oristano (Italian: Golfo di Oristano) is a gulf in the Sardinian Sea near Oristano in the western Sardinian coast.It is limited from north by the Cape San Marco in the Sinis peninsula and from the south by Cape Frasca. It faces the provinces of Oristano and Medio Campidano. Near the gulf area several wetlands (such as the Stagno di Cabras the Stagno di Mistras and the Stagno di Santa Giusta).
 Mont Pourri (3779 m) is a mountain in the Vanoise Massif in the Graian Alps. It is located in the Vanoise National Park.
 The Fundul Pârâul River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 The Virvytė River or Virvyčia River (Samogitian: Virvītė) is a river in Samogitia (Šilalė Telšiai and Mažeikiai districts) northwestern Lithuania. It is a left tributary of the Venta River. Virvytė begins in Žemaičiai Highlands 3 km north from Laukuva town. It flows north passing Lakes Paršežeris and Lūkstas Varniai city Lake Biržulis Tryškiai town. Virvytė flows into Venta near Gyvoliai village. Virvytė's main tributaries are Juodupis Būgenis Trimsėdis Upyna Tryškys.
 Brachiopod Mountain was named by James F. Porter for the fossil brachiopods found in the Devonian limestone of the mountain. It is located in the Slate Range in Alberta.
 The Soto La Marina River or Soto la Marina is a river of Mexico.
 The Secesh River is a 27-mile (43 km) tributary of the South Fork Salmon River in Idaho and Valley Counties Idaho in the United States. The river begins at the confluence of Lake Creek and Summit Creek near the unincorporated community of Burgdorf and flows generally southeast through Secesh Meadows and a series of canyons emptying into the South Fork near Browns Camp.The river drains a remote wilderness watershed in the Salmon River Mountains.
 Carnedd y Filiast is a mountain in Snowdonia Wales forming part of the Glyderau. It along with its top Y Fronllwyd (721 m) forms the most northerly summit in the Glyderau. The average annual temperature on Carnedd y Filiast is estimated to be around 4 celsius.The summit is very rocky and has a number of cairns as it has a vast expanse of layered slab of its crag features giving rise to some exceptionally long easy mountain routes some giving over 1000 feet of continuous climbing.
 Breidablik Peak is a mountain on Baffin Island located 51 km (32 mi) northeast of Pangnirtung Nunavut Canada. It lies in the southern Baffin Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system. Like Mounts Odin and Asgard and other peaks in the Arctic Cordillera its name comes from Norse mythology. It is named after Breidablik the home of Baldr.
 Mount Labo is a potentially active stratovolcano in the province of Camarines Norte in Region V on Luzon Island in the Philippines. It is located at the northwest end of the Bicol Peninsular.
 Lake Ūkojas is a lake in the Ignalina district eastern Lithuania. It is located in the Aukštaitija National Park about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) west of Ignalina. The lake connects with Lake Alksnaitis and Lake Pakasas.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Valea de Peşti river in Romania.
 Laguna Mirim or Gaiba Mirim is a lake in Germán Busch Province Bolivia and Mato Grosso Brazil being on the southern end of Bolivia's border with Brazil. Its surface area is 15.8 km².The nearest major city is Bolivia's Santa Cruz de la Sierra.
 Mägdeberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Mid Cheshire Ridge is a range of low sandstone hills which stretch north to south through Cheshire in North West England. The ridge is discontinuous with the hills forming two main blocks north and south of the Beeston Gap. The main mass of those to the south are known as the Peckforton Hills; the larger group of hills to the north do not have a collective name.
 The Rakaia River is in the Canterbury Plains in New Zealand's South Island. The Rakaia River is one of the largest braided rivers in New Zealand. The Rakaia River has a mean flow of 203 cubic metres per second and a mean annual seven-day low flow of 87 cubic metres per second. In the 1850s European settlers named it the Cholmondeley River but this name lapsed into disuse.
 Skynd is a crater on the surface of Uranus' moon Umbriel. It is estimated to be between 72 and 110 km in diameter. Its center is located at 1.8°S 331.7°E﻿ / -1.8; 331.7.Skynd has a bright central or near central peak which is one of the few bright albedo features on Umbriel that really stands out against Umbriel's low albedo.The crater is named after Skynd a troll who stole three wives of a man living in Englerup.
 View Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island east of the west end of Great Central Lake.
 For other places named Browns River see Browns River (disambiguation).The Browns River is an approximately 20-mile (32 km) waterway in northern Vermont. It is a tributary of the Lamoille River. The mouth of the river is in Fairfax (at 44°39′36″N 73°01′08″W). The source of the river is on the western slopes of Mount Mansfield in Underhill (at 44°32′03″N 72°49′54″W).The river flows west from Mount Mansfield through Underhill State Park to the town of Jericho.
 Tulemalu Lake is a lake in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada.
 Carrillo is a small lunar crater located near the eastern limb of the Moon. In this location the crater is subject to lunar libration effects and appears highly oval due to foreshortening. The rim of this crater is roughly circular with an inner wall that is wider on the western side than to the east. It is located on the western edge of Mare Smythii.
 Shangfang Mountain (Chinese: 上方山; pinyin: ShàngFāng shān) is a small mountain located in southwest of Suzhou near Shihu Lake. It's also a part of Shangfang Mountain National Forest Park. It is famous for Wu and Yue ruins.
 The Orvișele River is a tributary of the Valea Fânețelor in Romania.
 The Râpoasa River is a tributary of the Zalău River in Romania.
 Mangart or Mangrt is a mountain in the Julian Alps located on the border between Italy and Slovenia. With an elevation of 2679 metres (8789 ft) it is after Triglav and Škrlatica the third-highest peak in Slovenia. It was first ascended in 1794 by the naturalist Franz von Hohenwart.
 The Beaver River is a river in the far north of Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is part of the Hudson Bay drainage basin and is a left tributary of the Severn River.
 The La Izbaşe River is a tributary of the Cireş River in Romania.
 The Mekhrenga (Russian: Мехреньга) is a river in Plesetsky and Kholmogorsky Districts and in the town of Mirny of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Yemtsa River. It is 231 kilometres (144 mi) long and the area of its basin 5080 square kilometres (1960 sq mi). The principal tributaries of the Mekhrenga are the Shorda (left) the Myagdoma (right) and the Puksa (left).The Mekhrenga is the biggest tributary of the Yemtsa and is actually longer than the Yemtsa.
 See also Newark Bay South GeorgiaNewark Bay is a tidal bay at the confluence of the Passaic and Hackensack Rivers in northeastern New Jersey. It is home to the Port Newark-Elizabeth Marine Terminal the largest container shipping facility in Port of New York and New Jersey the third largest and one of the busiest in the United States. An estuary it is periodically dredged to accommodate ocean-going container ships.
 Uncompahgre Peak (/ʌnkʌmˈpɑːɡreɪ/) is the sixth highest mountain peak in the U.S. state of Colorado and is the highest peak of the San Juan Mountains. It is located in the Uncompahgre Wilderness in the northern San Juans in northern Hinsdale County approximately 7 miles (11 km) west of the town of Lake City.Uncompahgre peak has a broad summit plateau rising about 1500 ft (500 m) above the broad surrounding alpine basins.
 White is a lunar impact crater. It lies on the far side of the Moon from the Earth to the southwest of the huge walled plain Apollo. About one crater diameter to the south-southwest is the small crater Hendrix.This is a relatively fresh crater with a well-defined rim and interior that have not been significantly worn. There is a small cup-shaped crater attached to the exterior along the western edge.
 Lake Poncheville is a lake in south-western Quebec Canada.
 The Șoimu de Sus River or Sterla Turenilor River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Sandon River an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales Australia.
 Veslebotnskarvet is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Phoenix Mountains are a mountain range located in central Phoenix Arizona. With the exception of Mummy Mountain they are part of the Phoenix Mountain Preserve. They serve as a municipal park and offer hiking mountain biking and equestrian trails at a variety of different access points.
 River Lwajjali is a river in Uganda in East Africa.
 Biggejávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 5.33-square-kilometre (2.06 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) southwest of the village of Masi.
 Madeirinha River is a river of Amazonas and Mato Grosso states in north-western Brazil.
 Knobly Mountain is a part of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians located east of New Creek Mountain in Mineral and Grant counties West Virginia in the United States.
 Gulf of Burgas or Burgas Bay (Bulgarian: Бургаски залив Burgaski zaliv) between the coastline and the straight line joining Cape Emine and Cape Maslen nos is the largest bay of the Bulgarian Black Sea Coast and one of the largest ones in the Black Sea. It is 41 km at its widest and 25 m at its deepest reaching 31 km at its greatest innermost extent approximately where the Bulgarian city and major port of Burgas is located. Other towns in the region include Pomorie Sozopol and Nesebar.
 Marion Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Marion Lake is situated near the head of Granite Canyon and is adjacent to the Teton Crest Trail. The round trip hike on the Rendezvous Mountain Trail to the lake from the top of Rendezvous Mountain by way of the ski tram from Jackson Hole Mountain Resort is considered a strenuous 11.8 miles (19.0 km).
 The Uatatas River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Kasseler Kuppe is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Little Churchill River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Northern Manitoba Canada. Its flows Waskaiowaka Lake to the Churchill River.The Little Churchill River/Dunlop's Fly In Lodge Aerodrome is located on Waskaiowaka Lake at the point where the Little Churchill River leaves the lake.
 Kanozero (Russian: Канозеро) is a lake on the Umba River in Murmansk Oblast in Russia.The lake is 32 km long and between three and six kilometers wide. It is situated about halfway between Lake Umbozero and the White Sea. The Umba river enters the lake on the east side about five kilometers from its northern end.
 The East Hampshire Hangers are located in the English county of Hampshire and form a line of hills with steep scarps that marks the eastern edge of the Hampshire Downs and its boundary with the Western Weald an area of rolling countryside east of Petersfield and Liss. The Hangers run from the area of Farnham to Petersfield before swinging eastwards to take in the north-facing scarp of the South Downs. The main settlements of the area are the villages of Selborne Hawkley and East Worldham.
 The Moișa River is a tributary of the Râşca River in Romania.
 The Chiril River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The Geamănele Mari River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
 Adamello is a mountain in Lombardy Italy It has an elevation of 3539 metres (11611 ft).
 The Săcăduș River ( Hungarian: Szakadás-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name means Breakdown Creek in (Hungarian).
 The Roșiuța River is a tributary of the Ploştina River in Romania. The river crosses a coal mining area where it is channelized.
 This Wairoa River is located in the north of the South Island of New Zealand. It flows north for 45 kilometres before combining with the Wai-iti River to form the Waimea River. This flows into the southern end of Tasman Bay near Richmond.
 Mount Columbia is the highest point in Alberta Canada and the second highest peak in the Canadian Rockies after Mount Robson. It is located on the border between Alberta and British Columbia on the northern edge of the Columbia Icefield. Its highest point however lies within Jasper National Park in Alberta.The mountain was named in 1898 by J. Norman Collie after the Columbia River.
 Price Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the northeast slopes of Mount Shuksan below the subpeak known as Nooksack Tower. Price Glacier descends from 8600 to 4200 ft (2600 to 1300 m) and is the steepest and most heavily crevasseed glacier on Mount Shuksan. The disconnected lowest portions of Price Glacier calve small icebergs into Price Lake.
 Bala Lake ([ˈbala]; Welsh: Llyn Tegid [ˈɬɨ̞n ˈtɛɡɨd]) is a large lake in Gwynedd Wales. It was the largest natural body of water in Wales prior to the level being raised by Thomas Telford to help support the flow of the Ellesmere Canal. It is 4 miles (6.4 km) long by 1 mile (1.6 km) wide and is subject to sudden and dangerous floods. The River Dee runs through it and the waters of the lake are famously deep and clear.
 The Berens River is a river in the Provinces of Manitoba and Ontario Canada. It flows west from an unnamed lake in Kenora District Ontario and discharges its waters into Lake Winnipeg near the village and First Nation of Berens River Manitoba. The river has a number of lakes along its course and many rapids.
 The Nant Ffrancon Pass in Snowdonia North Wales is the long steady climb of the A5 road between Bethesda Gwynedd and Llyn Ogwen in Conwy. The summit at 312 metres (1024 ft) is at Pont Wern-gof about one-third of a mile beyond the eastern end of Llyn Ogwen. From here the road descends through Nant y Benglog to Capel Curig and through to Betws-y-Coed. The A5 is the Holyhead to London trunk road which was re-engineered by Thomas Telford between 1810 and 1826.
 The Stăvnicel River is a tributary of the Durduc River in Romania.
 The Galien River is a 30.0-mile-long (48.3 km) stream in the southwest region of the U.S. state of Michigan. The river begins at the outlet of Dayton Lake and flows in a predominantly westerly direction until it enters southeastern Lake Michigan at New Buffalo. The South Branch Galien River rises just north of the border with Indiana at the confluence of Spring Creek and the Galena River the latter rising in LaPorte County Indiana.
 Lake Parz (Armenian: Պարզ Լիճ) is a small lake located in the Dilijan National Park east of Dilijan in Armenia.The lake was formed by natural climatic changes.
 The Ester Mountains (German: Estergebirge) are a small mountain range in Bavaria. They are classified either as part of Bavarian Prealps or the larger chain of Northern Limestone Alps. The range stretches for about 15 kilometres. From the west it is bordered by the valley of the river Loisach and from the east by Walchensee lake and the valley of the river Isar. With its highest peak being Krottenkopf (2086 m) the highest part of the range just exceeds 2000 m.
 The Sheffield Canal is a canal in the City of Sheffield England. It runs 3.9 miles (6.3 km) from Tinsley where it leaves the River Don to the Sheffield Canal Basin (now Victoria Quays) in the city centre passing through 11 locks.
 The Little River is a 2.1-mile-long (3.4 km) stream in Carlton County Minnesota United States. It is a tributary of the Saint Louis River.
 Devil's Dustbin is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Claro River (lower Tietê River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Conavalla (Irish: Ceann an Bhealaigh meaning head of the road/pass) is a mountain in Wicklow Mountains in County Wicklow Ireland.
 The Deschutes River is a 50-mile (80 km)-long river in Washington United States. Its source is in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in Lewis County and it empties into Budd Inlet of Puget Sound at Olympia in Thurston County. It was given its name by French fur traders who called it Rivière des Chutes or River of the Falls.It is famous for the brewery which was located there from 1896 until Prohibition. The Olympia Brewing Company bought the brewery after Prohibition ended in 1933.
 Wilde Rodach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Stecknitz is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Khadzhibey Estuary or Khadzhibeyskyi Liman (Ukrainian: Хаджибейський лиман Turkish: Haci Bey liman) is an estuary of the north-western part of the Black Sea located on the north-west from the City of Odessa. It is separated from the sea by the sandbar which has about 5 km length. The linght of the estuary is 31 km width 0.5–2.5 km square 70 km2 depth up to 2.5 m. The bottom of the estuary is covered by the flakes of black mud which have healthy properties.
 The River Ray is a river in Buckinghamshire and Oxfordshire England. It rises at Quainton Hill and flows west through a flat countryside for around 25 km or 15 miles. It passes the village of Ambrosden and then flows through Otmoor. It joins the River Cherwell near Islip.In 1815 a new channel was cut between Charlton-on-Otmoor and Oddington known as the New River Ray to divert much of the water flow around the northern and southern edge of Otmoor.
 Weißer See is a lake in Kargow Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 63.6 m its surface area is 0.062 km².
 At -183m Actun Box Ch'iich' (Cave of the Black Birds) is the deepest cave in the country of Belize. Located above Roaring Creek in the Cayo District it is one of several caves explored and documented by British and Canadian cavers during a three-week expedition in 1989. The cave contains a small stream and has both an upper and lower entrance making a through-trip possible.
 The Guggernüll is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Nufenen in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Pizzo Tambo.
 Stevens Creek is a creek in Santa Clara County California. The creek originates in the Santa Cruz Mountains on the western flank of Black Mountain in the Monte Bello Open Space Preserve then flows southeasterly through the Stevens Creek County Park before turning northeast into Stevens Creek Reservoir. It then continues north for 12.5 miles through Cupertino Los Altos Sunnyvale and Mountain View before emptying into the San Francisco Bay at the Whisman Slough.
 Sope Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Sopes) is the largest natural mountain lake in Albania. Sope lake is found on the southern slopes of the Mali i Lopës on an elevation of 1734 m (5689 ft). The maximum length of the lake is about 880 m (2887 ft) and the maximum width of it is about 730 m (2395 ft).The lake is the largest natural glacial lake with an area of around 29 hectares.
 The Țerova River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania
 Leith Hill to the south west of Dorking Surrey England reaches 294 metres (965 ft) above sea level the highest point on the Greensand Ridge and is the second highest point in south-east England after Walbury Hill near Hungerford West Berkshire 297 metres (974 ft) high.It was possibly on the summit of Leith Hill in 851 that Æthelwulf of Wessex father of Alfred the Great defeated the Danes who were heading for Winchester having sacked Canterbury and London.[citation needed]The nearest railway station is Holmwood Station 2 miles (3.2 km) to the east. 
 Moti or Motir is a volcanic island in the western side of Halmahera island Indonesia. The 5 km wide island is surrounded by coral reefs. Its summit is truncated and the volcano contains a crater at the southwest side.It is governed as the Municipality (kecamatan) of Moti within the City (kota) of Ternate.
 Malheur Reservoir is an irrigation lake along Willow Creek in Malheur County in the U.S. state of Oregon. Built by the Orchard Irrigation District in the 1930s the 1282-acre (5.19 km2) lake can hold about 49000 acre feet (60000000 m3) of water which is used to irrigate about 2300 acres (930 ha) of farmland downstream.
 Ugashik Bay is a bay of the Bering Sea in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is an elongated comma-shaped estuary formed where the Ugashik River empties into Bristol Bay on the western coast of the Alaska Peninsula.Its waters are characteristically turbid and turbulent the result of muddy feeder streams frequent winds and very high tides. Some Bristol Bay tides are thought to rank eighth highest in the world and Ugashik Bay is greatly influenced by this tidal action.
 The River Pang is a small chalk stream river in the west of the English county of Berkshire and a tributary of the River Thames. It runs for approximately 23 kilometres (14 mi) from its source near the village of Compton to its confluence with the Thames in the village of Pangbourne.The river and its water voles are thought to have inspired author Kenneth Grahame's character Ratty and his book The Wind in the Willows.
 The Valea Pietrei River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Warrior Mountain is a ridge located in Allegany County Maryland. Warrior Mountain begins 3 miles (4.8 km) northwest of Oldtown Maryland and runs northeasterly to the water gap formed by the Murley Branch of Town Creek 1.25 miles (2.01 km) south of Flintstone Maryland.
 The Hodinău River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Mount Pocaterra was named after George Pocaterra. It is located in the Elk Range in Alberta.
 Jenolan River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Allison Glacier is a small glacier in Victoria Land Antarctica. Its head is located just north of Mount Huggins descending from the west slopes of Royal Society Range into Skelton Glacier. Abbott Spur separates the lower ends of Rutgers Glacier from Allison Glacier.
 The Honegg is a mountain of the Emmental Alps located between Schangnau and Eriz in the canton of Bern.
 Mullaghmore (Irish: Mullach Mór meaning Great Summit) is a 180m limestone hill in the Burren in Glenquin County Clare Ireland. It is part of a hiking trail called the Mullaghmore Loop in the Burren National Park.
 The Chiusella (Piemontese: Ciusèila) is a 41-kilometre (25 mi) long creek in the Piedmont region of Italy.
 Jayne's Hill (also known as High Hill West Hills Oakley's Hill and Janes Hill) is the highest point on New York's Long Island with an elevation of between 387 feet (118 m) and 400.9 feet (122.2 m) above sea level. It is situated on the Harbor Hill moraine a terminal moraine that makes up the northern spine of Long Island in West Hills County Park in Suffolk County a little more than a mile to the north of Melville.
 Lake Apo is a crater lake in Barangay Guinoyoran in the City of Valencia in Bukidnon province in the southern Philippines. It is located in a hilly area about 640 metres (2100 ft) in elevation about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) WSW of the city poblacion (town center). Lake Apo was awarded the cleanest inland body of water in Northern Mindanao Region (Region X) in the late 1990s.
 Great Tenasserim River or the Tanintharyi River is a major river of southeastern Burma. It flows through the Tanintharyi Region past the town of Tanintharyi before entering the sea at Myeik (Mergui). The river rises from the Tenasserim Range at an altitude of 2074 m (6804 ft) and flows into the Andaman Sea.
 The Silaș River is a tributary of the Bradu in Romania.
 Franzenbach is a river of Saarland Germany.
 Lake Mattamuskeet is the largest natural lake in North Carolina. It is a shallow coastal lake averaging 2-3 feet in depth and stretches 18 miles (29 km) long and 7 miles (11 km) wide. Lake Mattamuskeet lies on the Albemarle-Pamlico Peninsula.Lake Mattamuskeet is the location of Mattamuskeet National Wildlife Refuge.
 Bay of Mali Ston (Croatian: Malostonski zaljev) is a bay in the Adriatic Sea enclosed by the Pelješac peninsula and the mainland. The name primarily refers to the innermost eastern part of the bay while the name Channel of Mali Ston (Croatian: Malostonski kanal) is used for the channel between Klek (peninsula) and Pelješac in the west.
 The River Greta is a river in Cumbria England. It is a tributary of the River Derwent and flows through the town of Keswick.The source of the river is to be found near to Threlkeld at the confluence of the River Glenderamackin and St. John's Beck.
 The Palisades are a mountain range in Napa County California.The Palisades are located in Robert Louis Stevenson State Park on the other side of California 29 as Mt. St. Helena. The Palisades trailhead is located on the valley floor of the Napa Valley near Calistoga and is a 6 mile one way hike.
 Burnaby Mountain elev. 370 m (1214 ft) is a low forested mountain in the city of Burnaby British Columbia overlooking the upper arms of Burrard Inlet. It is the location of Simon Fraser University the Discovery Park research community and the System Control Tower of BC Hydro and a new complex of residential and commercial development called UniverCity.
 The Lindenberg (878 m) is a wooded mountain north of the Alps situated between the valleys of the Aabach and the Reuss. Politically the mountain belongs to the canton of Lucerne although the border with the canton of Aargau runs east of the summit over 800 metres.
 Øymarksjøen is a lake in the municipalities of Aremark and Marker in Østfold county Norway.
 The Big Iron River is a 28.3-mile-long (45.5 km) river in western Ontonagon County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It flows northwards entering Lake Superior at the village of Silver City.
 TheIsenach is a left tributary of the Rhine in the northeastern Palatine region of Rhineland-Palatinate. It is nearly 36 km long.
 Oulujoki (in modern Finnish literally Oulu River originally in old Northern Ostrobothnian dialect literally Flood River Swedish: Ule älv) is a river in Oulu province Finland.Its origin is Oulujärvi and its watershed area covers a significant part of Kainuu region.It flows into the Bothnian Bay at Oulu. Port of Oulu is located at the mouth of the river.
 The White River is a 60.1-mile-long (96.7 km) river in the U.S. state of Vermont. It is a tributary of the Connecticut River.The White River rises at Skylight Pond south of Bread Loaf Mountain near the crest of the Green Mountains. The river flows east to the town of Granville where it receives the outflow from the southern portion of Granville Notch. The river turns south and followed by Vermont Route 100 flows through the towns of Hancock and Rochester.
 The Preto River (Cricaré River) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Prisloapele River is a tributary of the Gârbovul River in Romania.
 Lake Lorne is a small (12 ha) freshwater lake on the Bellarine Peninsula Victoria Australia immediately south-west of the township of Drysdale. It is a popular birdwatching site and is well known for its variety of waterbirds many of which have been recorded as breeding there.Lake Lorne lies in a depression in the underlying limestone and has no surface outlet.
 The Obim River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 Daraksan is a mountain in the county of Jeongseon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1018 m (3340 ft).
 The Racetrack mountain area is an area from which all precipitation drains towards the Racetrack Playa.
 Aello Peak is the highest peak of a mountain group called The Twaharpies just west of Mount Bona in the Saint Elias Mountains of Alaska. While not highly significant in terms of prominence or isolation (it is just 5 miles (8 km) west of the summit of Mount Bona) it has a tremendous south face. From the summit this face drops 7000 feet (2130 m) in just over 1 mile (1.6 km) and 8500 feet (2590 m) in less than 2.5 miles (4.0 km).
 The Freshwater River is the longest river on Stewart Island / Rakiura the third largest of New Zealand's islands. It arises close to the island's northwestern point from which it is separated by a ridge and flows southeastward through the Ruggedy Flat for 25 kilometres before reaching the Paterson Inlet on the island's central east coast.
 The Weißeck (2711 m AA) is the highest mountain in the Radstadt Tauern range in Austria and is popular both as a ski touring destination in winter and a climbing peak in summer.
 The Hula River is a tributary of the Bălăteasa River in Romania.
 The Glanfurt River is the outflow of the Wörthersee in Austria also called Sattnitz by the Carinthian people. It starts at the lake's eastern bay south of the peninsula Maria Loretto and runs more like a channel straight to the east. It passes Viktring Abbey an old monastery which is now a suburb of Carinthia's capital Klagenfurt and finally flows into the Glan River near the market town of Ebenthal.
 The Harly Forest (German: Harly-Wald also Harlywald or just Harly) is a hill range up to 256 m above NN in the district of Goslar in southeastern Lower Saxony Germany.
 Hohlenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Traverse Mountains or sometimes Traverse Range are an anomalous geologically complex east-trending range that separates Salt Lake Valley and Utah Valley in the U.S. State of Utah. The Traverse Mountains mark the boundary between the Salt Lake and Provo segments of the Wasatch Fault and they are themselves much faulted and locally involved in landslides.
 Fall River is a river in southeast Kansas that flows through Greenwood Elk and Wilson Counties. The source of the river is in west Greenwood County approximately 4.5 miles northwest of Eureka. It is a tributary of the Verdigris River and its confluence with the Verdigris is approximately 2 miles south of Neodesha. It is also known as the South Verdigris River.Fall River was dammed in southeastern Greenwood county forming Fall River Lake. Fall River State Park is located on this lake.
 Cairn Toul (from the Gaelic Càrn an t-Sabhail 'Hill of the barn') is the fourth highest mountain in Scotland surpassed only by Ben Nevis Ben Macdui and Braeriach. It is the second highest point in the western massif of the Cairngorms linked by a bealach at about 1125 m above sea level to Braeriach.The mountain towers above the western side pass of the Lairig Ghru.Cairn Toul is often climbed in conjunction with other peaks.
 Ochsattel (el. 820 m.) is a mountain pass in the foothills of the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Lower Austria.It connects St. Aegyd am Neuwalde and Kalte Kuchl. The pass road has a maximum grade of 10 percent.
 The Komoé River is a river in West Africa. The river originates on the Sikasso Plateau of Burkina Faso forms a short section of the border between Burkina Faso and Ivory Coast until it enters Ivory Coast where it is the major drainage for northeastern portion of that country before emptying into the Atlantic. The banks of the Komoé are shaded by riparian forests along most of it length providing an important habitat for wildlife and a source of agricultural water.
 The Itcha Range is a mountain range on the Chilcotin Plateau of the West-Central Interior of British Columbia Canada. The range is located 25 miles (40 km) northeast of Anahim Lake. Its main peaks are Itcha Mountain and Mount Downton.
 The Yon is a 55.6 km (34.5 mi) long river in the Vendée département western France. Its source is at Saint-Martin-des-Noyers. It flows generally south. It is a right tributary of the Lay into which it flows between Rosnay and Le Champ-Saint-Père.
 Lake Lucasis a natural freshwater lake located just to the north of Sebring Florida. The lake's perimeter is very swampy and it is somewhat swamplike over its entire surface. Lake Lucas has a 9.4-acre (38000 m2) surface area. The lake is bordered on the north by Maranatha Village to the east by a swampy area to the southeast by Lakeside Cemetery by a residential area to the south and west and by pastureland to the northwest.
 The Twisp River is a tributary of the Methow River in the U.S. state of Washington. It is about 26 miles (42 km) long.The name of the river is derived from a local Indian word meaning wasp or yellowjacket.
 The River Dulas (Welsh: Afon Dulas) is a tributary of the river Teifi and has its source near the village of Llangybi in the county of Ceredigion Wales.
 Schmala is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Hruški vrh (German: Rosenkogel) (1776 metres - 5827 ft) is a peak in the Western Karawanken Alps between Dovška Baba and Klek.
 The Parnaíba River is a river in Brazil which forms the border between the states of Maranhão and Piauí. The Parnaíba River rises in the Chapada das Mangabeiras range and flows northeastward for 1056 miles (1700 kilometers) to empty into the Atlantic Ocean being the longest river entirely located within Brazil's Northeast Region. The middle and upper regions of this river are separated by waterfalls but is otherwise navigable.[citation needed]
 The Great River (Jamaica) is one of Jamaica's major rivers and forms the boundary of the parish of St James with Westmoreland and Hanover.
 The Valea Boului River is a tributary of the Galbena river in Romania.
 The Ruchi is a mountain in the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Glarus and Graubünden. It overlooks the Muttsee (2446 m) on its west side from where a trail leads to the summit. On its south-east side lies a small glacier the Glatscher da Gavirolas. The Ruchi is connected to the higher summit of the Hausstock on the north-east by a 2 kilometre long ridge.
 Sukhaya River (Russian: Сухая) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 97 km in length. The Sukhaya River originates on the Keivy and flows into the Iokanga River. Its biggest tributary is the Zolotaya River.
 The Waiho River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It is fed by the meltwater of the Franz Josef Glacier and flows through the township of Franz Josef to reach the Tasman Sea coast 10 kilometres southwest of Okarito.
 The Hachita Valley (Spanish language hacho hatchet-(axe) hachita little hatchet; Little Hatchet Valley) is a small valley in southwest New Mexico. The valley is in the east of the New Mexico Bootheel region and borders Chihuahua state Mexico. Hachita New Mexico lies in the valley's northeast where New Mexico State Road 9 traverses east-west across much of southern New Mexico.
 The Molodo River (Russian: Молодо Sakha: Муолада) is a river in Bulunsky District Sakha Republic Russia. It is a major left tributary of the Lena River. The Molodo is 556 kilometres (345 mi) long and the area of its basin 26900 square kilometres (10400 sq mi). The major tributary is the Syungyude River (right).
 Kukkia is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is a part of a chain of lakes that begins from the lakes Lummene Vehkajärvi and Vesijako at the drainage divide between the Kokemäenjoki and Kymijoki basins and flows westwards from there through the Lake Kuohijärvi into Lake Kukkia. From Kukkia the chain of lakes drains into lake Mallasvesi through the lakes Iso-Roine Hauhonselkä and Ilmoilanselkä.
 Newton Clark Glacier is an alpine glacier on the southeast slope of Mount Hood in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier extends from 10400 to 6500 feet (3200 to 2000 m). The glacier lies entirely within Mount Hood Wilderness.Between 1907 and 2004 Newton Clark Glacier lost 32% of its surface area and the glacier terminus retreated 310 metres (1020 ft) over the same time period.
 Crescent Glacier is located on the southeast slopes of Mount Adams in the U.S. state of Washington in Gifford Pinchot National Forest. A small subpeak of Mount Adams named South Butte rises nearby. Crescent Glacier is close to the Gotchen Glacier which is located just to the east. Crescent Glacier lies in a small south-facing cirque with a steep headwall. The glacier ranges in elevation from 8400 ft (2600 m) at the foot of the steep cliff to 7900 ft (2400 m) at the moraine.
 Öskjuvatn is a lake in the Highlands of Iceland. Its surface area is about 11 km². With a depth of 217 m (712 ft) it is the second deepest lake in Iceland after Jökulsárlón.The lake is situated in the crater of the volcano Askja in the north-east of the glacier Vatnajökull. Its name simply means the lake of Askja.
 The Fiad River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 Mount Lebanon (Arabic: جبل لبنان‎; Jabal Lubnān Syriac: ܛܘܪ ܠܒܢܢ; ṭūr lébnon) is a mountain range in Lebanon. It averages above 2200 metres (7200 ft) in elevation.
 North Fork Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Boulder Mountains in Salmon-Challis National Forest. While no trails lead to the lake it is most easily accessed from a trail from the end of forest road 128. The lake is located just northeast of Ryan Peak the highest point in the Boulder Mountains.
 Looking Glass Rock is a pluton monolith in the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina. The mountain is located within Pisgah National Forest about 5.5 miles (9 kilometers) northwest of Brevard and 25 miles (40 kilometers) southwest of Asheville. Named for the way its granite face reflects the sunshine it rises from the valley floor to an elevation of almost 4000 ft.Trails from Forest Service Road 475 and 475B lead to the top of the mountain.
 The Eola Hills are a range of hills northwest of Salem Oregon United States. They stretch from the community of Eola about 10 miles (16 km) north to Yamhill County.They are divided from the Salem Hills by the Willamette River at Eola.
 The Strâmba River is a headwater of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Putreda River is a tributary of the Bistriţa Aurie River in Romania.
 Mount Bielawski or Mount Bielewski (with an e instead of an a) is located in the Santa Cruz Mountains of California near the San Francisco Bay Area. The mountain reaches an elevation of 3234 feet (986 m) just to the southwest of the Santa Cruz – Santa Clara county line and Highway 35.The summit is the highest point in Santa Cruz County.
 Cusanus is a lunar impact crater that is located near the northeastern limb of the Moon. In this location the crater appears very foreshortened when observed from the Earth and its visibility is affected by libration. The northern rim of Cusanus is nearly joined to the south-southeastern rim of the larger crater Petermann.The rim of this crater has been eroded and rounded due to a history of minor impacts.
 Qamanirjuaq Lake (variant: Kaminuriak Lake; pronunciation: ka-min-YOO-ree-ak; meaning: huge lake adjoining a river at both ends) is a lake in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. It is the first of several named lakes on the eastward flow of the Ferguson River through the eastern barrenlands. The lake is located about 1 mile (2 km) downstream from Ferguson Lake and adjacent upstream to Parker Lake South.
 Taegisan is a mountain in the counties of Hoengseong and Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1258.8 m (4130 ft).
 Van Stadens River is a river in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. The river mouth is located about 30 km west of Port Elizabeth.The Van Stadens Bridge where the N2 national highway crosses the river is known as a suicide location.Just upstream of the N2 bridge the 2 foot (610 mm) gauge Avontuur Railway crosses the Van Stadens River over a 255 feet (78 m) high bridge.
 Lac de Pannecière is a lake in Nièvre France. At an elevation of 320 m its surface area is 5.2 km².
 The Zasavica (Serbian Cyrillic: Засавица) is a bog in the region of Mačva west-central Serbia. With Obedska bara and Carska Bara one of the major wildlife refuges and one of the last authentically preserved wetlands in Serbia. In the 2000s became a popular attracton with the successful reintroduction of the beavers which became extinct hundred years ago.
 Jeetzbach is a river of Brandenburg Germany. Its a tributary of the Stepenitz.
 Pfingstwiesengraben is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Loch Ard (Scottish Gaelic: Loch na h-Àirde) is a body of fresh water in the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park of the Stirling District in Scotland. (grid reference NN4501.)
 The Plăișoru River is a tributary of the Cernatu River in Romania.
 The Bordul River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 The Valea Capelei (Hungarian: Kápolna-pataka meaning Chapel's Creek) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Krasovsky is an impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located about three crater diameters to the north-northwest of Daedalus. It is otherwise relatively isolated from impact craters of note with the nearest comparable feature being Tiselius to the west-northwest.The rim of this crater is relatively well-defined and has not suffered significant impact erosion. Within the interior floor is a central peak that is offset slightly to the west of the midpoint.
 Techirghiol is a lake in Northern Dobruja Romania near the town with the same name.
 Antero Reservoir is a reservoir in the US state of Colorado. It was created by the first dam placed on the South Platte River in Park County central Colorado. It is owned by Denver Water and supplies drinking water to the greater Denver metro region almost 140 miles (230 km) away.
 Tokachi River (十勝川 Tokachi-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Candelero River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Schomberger is a prominent lunar impact crater that lies in the southern part of the Moon in the area near the limb. It is located to the southwest of the crater Boguslawsky and southeast of Simpelius. The relatively young satellite crater Schomberger A is nearly attached to the southern rim and the much-aged Schomberger C lies just off the western rim.This is a relatively well-defined crater with sharp features that have not been significantly worn down by minor impacts.
 Mount Tyrwhitt is a mountain in British Columbia and Alberta Canada located between Highway 40 and Elk Pass in the Elk Range of the Canadian Rockies west of the Highwood Pass parking lot in Kananaskis Country and south east of Upper Kananaskis Lake.
 Verno (Greek: Βέρνο) is a forested mountain range in the southern part of the Florina and the northeastern part of the Kastoria regional units in northern Greece. The elevation of its highest peak Vitsi is 2128 m (6982 ft). It stretches from the village Trivouno in the northwest to Kleisoura in the southeast over a length of about 30 km (19 mi). The nearest mountains are the Askio to the southeast the Baba to the north and the northern Pindus to the southwest.
 Crag Hill is a mountain in the North Western part of the English Lake District. It was formerly known as Eel Crag; however the Ordnance Survey now marks Eel Crag as referring to the northern crags of the fell.It is not to be confused with another Crag Hill lying on the border of North Yorkshire.It overlooks the valleys of Rannerdale on the west and Coledale on the east. It is the second highest fell in the area of high ground between the passes of Whinlatter and Newlands second to Grasmoor.
 Lake Lacha (Russian: Ла́ча Ла́че) is a freshwater lake located in the south of Kargopolsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south of the town of Kargopol. It is the largest lake in Arkhangelsk Oblast with a surface area of 334 square kilometres (129 sq mi) and a basin area of 12600 square kilometres (4900 sq mi).
 The Rotunda River is a tributary of the Armăsarul River in Romania.
 The Vert is a left tributary of the Gave d'Oloron that drains the Barétous in the High-Béarn (Pyrénées-Atlantiques) in the Southwest of France.
 Snag Lake is a lake located in the north eastern part of Lassen Volcanic National Park in California.
 The Iedul River or Ieduțul River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania
 The Valea Scrăzii River is a tributary of the Gersa River in Romania.
 Cerro Volcánico (also known as Fonck) is a cinder cone in Argentina located southeast of the massive stratovolcano of Tronador. The cone produced a single andesite lava flow which has been bracketed in age between 70000 and 14000 years ago.
 The Warner Valley is located in south-central Oregon United States. It is a remote valley at the northwestern corner of North America's Basin and Range Province. The valley is home to a chain of lakes and wetlands known as Warner Lakes. The Warner Valley was used by Native Americans for thousands of years before European explorers arrived in the 19th century. It is the site of Fort Warner built by the United States Army in 1867.
 The Kitimat Ranges are one of the three main subdivisions of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia Canada the other being the Pacific Ranges to the south and the Boundary Ranges to the north.
 Mount Tenabo (Shoshoni: Lookout Mountain) is the principal peak in the Cortez Mountains. The Western Shoshone people assert that the mountain is of cultural and religious significance.
 Danjibong is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1327 metres.
 Bräkneån is a river in Sweden.
 The Valea Pietrarului River is a tributary of the Băiţa river in Romania.
 Koraspitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 1927 metres (6322 ft).
 The Lupacul Mic River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania
 Chickamauga Lake is a United States reservoir along the Tennessee River created when the Chickamauga Dam as part of the Tennessee Valley Authority was completed in 1940. The lake stretches from Watts Bar Dam at mile 529.9 (853 km) to Chickamauga Dam at mile 471.0 (758 km) making the lake 58.9 miles (94.8 km) long. It borders Rhea County Meigs County and Hamilton County with 810 miles (1303 km) of shoreline and two bridges crossing it at State Highway 60 and Highway 30.
 The Salza (also Mariazeller Salza) is an eastern tributary of the Enns. It originates on the Traisenberg in Lower Austria and flows South of Mariazell through the Styrian nature preserve of Wildalpener Salzatal. After 88 km it meets the Enns around Großreifling.Below the town of Weichselboden is the Prescenyklause which was constructed with a weir (a small dam) for a saw mill in 1848. Today the water of the reservoir is used to power a small electric power plant.
 The Indian River is a river in Lanark County in Eastern Ontario Canada. It is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin and is a left tributary of the Mississippi River.
 The Derzanul River is a tributary of the Sas River in Romania.
 The Pau Alto River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Nisshō Pass (日勝峠 Nisshō-tōge) is a mountain pass 1106 metres (3629 ft) high at the north-end of the Hidaka Mountains of Hokkaidō Japan.
 Bulgisan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. The mountain sits in Gapyeong County. Bulgisan has an elevation of 610 m (2001 ft).
 The River Ash is a small shallow river in Surrey England and its course of 10 km or 6 miles is just outside Greater London. Work has been carried out to straighten sluice control dredge and hem in sections over centuries. It flows as one of the seven present distributaries of the River Colne from just south of Staines Moor by the M25 motorway eastwards through the rest of the borough of Spelthorne before meeting the River Thames.
 The Topuni River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally south with most of its length being through a drowned valley in the northeast of the Kaipara Harbour system. The Topuni River reaches the Oruawharo River — an arm of the Kaipara — 10 kilometres northwest of Wellsford.
 The Magdalena River (Spanish: Río Magdalena Spanish pronunciation: [ˈri.o maɣðaˈlena]; Less commonly Rio Grande de la Magdalena) is the principal river of Colombia flowing northward about 1528 kilometres (949 mi) through the western half of the country. It takes its name from the biblical figure Mary Magdalene. It is navigable through much of its lower reaches in spite of the shifting sand bars at the mouth of its delta as far as Honda at the downstream base of its rapids.
 The Dozois Reservoir (French: Réservoir Dozois) is a man-made lake in central Quebec Canada. It is fully within the unorganized territory of Réservoir-Dozois and the La Vérendrye Wildlife Reserve.Dozois Reservoir located about 10 kilometers west of Cabonga Reservoir and about 15 km east of Great Victoria Lake is fed by the Chochocouane Capitachouane and Ottawa Rivers. It is accessible directly off Quebec Route 117.
 Frog Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Sarabhai is a small circular bowl-shaped crater on the Mare Serenitatis in the northeast quadrant of the Moon. The formation is relatively isolated being located to the northeast of the crater Bessel. It lies along a wrinkle ridge designated the Dorsum Azara.This crater was previously identified as Bessel A before being renamed by the IAU. It is named after Vikram Sarabhai considered the Father of the Indian Space Programme.
 The Pârlita River is a tributary of the Taița River in Romania.
 Lake Dey Dey is one of many salt lakes located in the eastern end of the Great Victoria Desert in South Australia. It is normally dry except during and after periods of heavy rainfall. It is part of the geological basin known as the Officer Basin. The larger Lake Maurice is to the south. Since 1985 Lake Dey Dey is part of the lands belonging to the Maralinga Tjarutja a southern branch of the Pitjantjatjara.
 Rabbit Lake is a small lake in the municipality of West Nipissing Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and lies in geographic Latchford Township. The lake flows via an unnamed creek through Number Two Lake to Number One Lake which empties via Number One Creek to the West Bay of Lake Nipissing and then via the French River to Lake Huron.
 Mount Capanne (Italian: Monte Capanne) is the highest mountain on the Italian island of Elba and in the province of Livorno Tuscany Italy. It is located in the western part of the island reaching a height of 1019 metres (3343 ft) in elevation above the Mediterranean Sea.
 The Groșerea River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Mount Assiniboine also known as Assiniboine Mountain is a mountain located on the Great Divide on the British Columbia/Alberta border in Canada. At 3618 m (11870 ft) it is the highest peak in the Southern Continental Ranges of the Canadian Rockies. Due to Assiniboine's pyramidal shape it has been unofficially named the Matterhorn of North America. Mt. Assiniboine rises nearly 1525 m (5003 ft) above Lake Magog.Mt. Assiniboine was named by George M. Dawson in 1885. When Dawson saw Mt.
 The Șeștini River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 This particular Mud Lake is located in Highlands County Florida. Mud Lake is a very common name for lakes in the United States and Canada. Possibly 1000 lakes are named Mud Lake in these two countries. Even in Florida at least twenty-three lakes are named Mud Lake. The Highlands Ridge website refers to the area of the lake as Paulie's Lake. The main body of this Mud Lake is oval in shape. This part of the lake measures 1500 ft (457 m) by 1000 ft (305 m).
 The Ighiș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Wielki Szyszak (Czech: Vysoké Kolo German: Hohes Rad literally Big Helmet) is a mountain on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland. It is situated in the central (Silesian) part of the main mountain range of the Karkonosze right above the village of Jagniątków. Its peak is at 1509 m above sea level. It is situated between Śnieżne Kotły and Śmielec.Mount Wielki Szyszak is the tenth-highest mountain in the Czech Republic.
 Schlitz is a river in Hesse Germany.
 Old Man's Lake is a small lake near Magnetawan in the Almaguin Highlands Parry Sound District Ontario Canada. It is spring fed and hosts a handful of cottages. The lake drains over a small waterfall into Ahmic Lake.Old Man’s Lake received its name because the story goes the area once was divided into three large farms. Two farms were owned by two sons and the “Old Man” had the other. His house was on the east shore. The farm still exists today (although it is much smaller).
 Whitewater Lake is a lake in the city of Sudbury Ontario. The community of Azilda borders its eastern shore.The lake is host to a number of amateur fishing tournaments and it was the site of an annual powerboat racing championship. It is the site of the Sudbury/Azilda Water Aerodrome which supports a number of aircraft capable of landing on water.
 Birkhouse Moor is a fell in the English Lake District an outlier of the Helvellyn range in the Eastern Fells. It is properly an eastern ridge of Helvellyn but was treated as a separate fell by Alfred Wainwright in his Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells. That convention is followed here.
 The Mangakahia River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows east from its sources in the Mataraua Forest turning southeastward after about 20 kilometres on joining with the small Awarua River. It then turns east then south again reaching the Wairoa River approximately halfway between Whangarei and Dargaville.
 Mansart is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 95 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Mansart is named for the French architect Jules Hardouin-Mansart who lived from 1646 to 1708.
 The Waipaoa River is a river of the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It rises on the eastern slopes of the Raukumara Range flowing south for 80 kilometres to reach Poverty Bay and the Pacific Ocean just south of Gisborne. For about half of this distance its valley is followed by State Highway 2. The river has several important tributaries among them the Wharekopai Waikohu Mangatu Waingaromia and Waihora rivers.
 Clipyn Du is a mountain in northern Powys in Wales. Also known as Tarren Bwlch-Gwyn or Siambwr Trawsfynydd it is one of the higher summits of the area and is located a few miles north of Pumlumon. Tarren Bwlch-Gwyn is the name of a steep-sided escarpment nearby. It is classed as a HuMP having over 100 metres of Topographic prominence.
 Shanty Hollow Lake is a 135-acre (0.55 km2) reservoir mostly in Warren County Kentucky but also extending into Edmonson County. It was constructed in 1951. The lake is located approximately 17 miles (27 km) north of Bowling Green and is used for fishing. Fish which may be taken from the lake include largemouth bass bluegill redear sunfish black crappie white crappie warmouth channel catfish and common carp.
 Hoidas Lake is a remote northern Canadian lake which lies approximately 50 kilometers north of Uranium City Saskatchewan. Named in honor of Irvin Frank Hoidas a Royal Canadian Air Force pilot officer killed in action during the Second World War when his Stirling W-7520 crashed near the Belgian town of Saint-Truiden it is the site of Canada's most advanced rare earth element (REE) mining project.
 The Cágado River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Union Flat Creek is a 72-mile (120 km) long tributary of the Palouse River. Beginning at an elevation of 2820 feet (859.5 m) near Genesee in northern Nez Perce County Idaho it flows west into Whitman County Washington passing through the towns of Uniontown and Colton. It then flows to its mouth west of La Crosse at an elevation of 1168 feet (356.0 m).
 Upper Barachois Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Høgafjellet is a mountain on the island of Osterøy in Hordaland county Norway. Høgafjellet sits on the border between the municipalities of Osterøy and Vaksdal about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of the village of Fotlandsvåg and about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of the Veafjorden. The 868-metre (2848 ft) tall mountain is the highest mountain on the island and in all of Osterøy municipality.
 Tandikat is a stratovolcano in West Sumatra Indonesia. Its elevation is 2438 m (7999 ft). It is a twin volcano with Mount Singgalang which is located to the north-north-east of Tandikat. However only Tandikat has had historical volcanic activity. The city of Padang Panjang is located at the foot of the mountain.
 Zvornik Lake (Zvorničko jezero) is an artificial lake in the border of Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia. It was created after construction of a hydroelectric power station in 1954.
 The Ruggles River is a waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located within Ellesmere Island's Quttinirpaaq National Park. The river is the only outflow for Lake Hazen. It flows southeast to Chandler Fiord and out to Lady Franklin Bay. The river drops 157 m (515 ft) in elevation between its source and its mouth. At less than 1.5 m (4.9 ft) deep it is quite shallow. Except during very cold years the Ruggles River remains partially open all year long.
 Galenbecker See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 9.6 m its surface area is 5.9 km².
 Mount Sneffels is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is listed as being 14150 feet high. It is the 27th highest 14er in Colorado. It is located in the Mount Sneffels Wilderness of the northern San Juan Mountains in Ouray County approximately 5 miles (8 km) west of the town of Ouray. The summit of Mount Sneffels is the highest point in Ouray County.
 The Jerez River (Mexico) is a river of Mexico.
 The Turnbull River is a short river on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest from the Southern Alps for 22 kilometres entering the Tasman Sea at the northern end of Jackson Bay 10 kilometres south of Haast. The Turnbull shares its mouth with the Okuru River.
 Pic Ramougn (3011 m) is a steep rocky mountain in the Néouvielle massif in the Pyrenees. It is located in the commune of Saint-Lary-Soulan within the department of the Hautes-Pyrénées and is named after the French politician geologist and botanist Louis Ramond de Carbonnières. Ramougn is the pronunciation of Ramond in the Gascon language.
 The West Yeocomico River is a 1.9-mile-long (3.1 km) tidal river in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is an arm of the Yeocomico River itself a branch from the Potomac River.
 Schwarzach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Epimenides is a lunar crater that is located in the southwestern part of the Moon's near side just to the east of the oddly shaped crater Hainzel. Just to the north and northeast is Lacus Timoris a small lunar mare. The crater is 27 kilometers in diameter and 2000 meters deep. It may be from the Pre-Nectarian period 4.55 to 3.92 billion years ago.The outer rim of this crater is roughly circular but uneven due to the irregular terrain in which it is located.
 The Bronx Kill is a narrow strait in New York City delineating the southernmost extent of the Bronx and separating it from Randalls Island. It connects the Harlem River to the East River.
 Krieger is a lunar crater on the eastern part of the Oceanus Procellarum. It is located to the north-northwest of the flooded crater Prinz and north-northeast of the prominent ray crater Aristarchus. To the northwest lies the small Wollaston.In the past the floor of Krieger has been flooded by basaltic lava leaving only a low circular somewhat polygonal ridge formed by the rim. The southern rim is broken across by the small Van Biesbroeck and there is a small gap in the western rim.
 The Waikoau River is a river in southern Fiordland New Zealand. Rising north of the Hump Ridge it flows south-eastward into Te Waewae Bay.
 Bygdin is a lake in the Jotunheimen mountain range. Bygdin is regulated and its normal level lies between 1048 and 1057 meters above sea level. It has an area of 46 km². The lake is long 25 km but is narrow. The greatest depth is 215 m.Bygdin lies to the southeast in Jotunheim and north of the lake lies an area over 2000 m. Along the lake there are many tourist huts – on the west end lies Eidsbugarden on the north side lies Torfinnsbu and on the east side lies Bygdin turisthytte.
 The Chivilingo River is a river of Chile.
 Lac Cornu is a lake in the Aiguilles Rouges massif of Haute-Savoie France. It is located at an elevation of 2276 m with a surface area of 5.4 ha. Petit Lac Cornu is located 500 m North West at an elevation of 2243 m. Its surface area is 4700 m².
 The Cowlitz River is a river in the state of Washington in the United States a tributary of the Columbia River. Its tributaries drain a large region including the slopes of Mount Rainier Mount Adams and Mount St. Helens.The Cowlitz has a 2586-square-mile (6698 km2) drainage basin located between the Cascade Range in eastern Lewis County Washington and the cities of Kelso and Longview. The river is roughly 105 miles (169 km) long not counting tributaries.
 The Janon is a small river that rises in Mont Pilat in the Massif Central of France near to Saint Étienne. It runs for 13.9 kilometres (8.6 mi) through mostly built-up country to join the Gier at Saint-Chamond. The valley of the Janon and the Gier is a natural line of communication between the coal mines of Saint Étienne and the port of Givors on the Rhone. For many years there were plans to build a canal along this line.
 Creswell Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is an arm of western Prince Regent Inlet in eastern Somerset Island. Its northeastern landmark Fury Point is approximately 100 km (62 mi) west of Baffin Island.While the bay does not have any permanent settlements it remains an important Inuit habitation site.
 The Wet Mountains are a small mountain range in southern Colorado named for the amount of snow they receive in the winter. They are a sub-range of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains in the southern Rocky Mountains System. There are three variant names of mountain range: Cuerno Verde Greenhorn Mountains and Sierra Mojada.
 Høggøymen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Craiva River is a tributary of the Cricău River in Romania.
 The Owenroe River or Moynalty River or Borora River (Irish: An Abhainn Rua meaning red river) rises from Mullagh Lough in County Cavan and flows southeast through Mullagh and Moynalty before joining the River Blackwater east of Kells. The Blackwater joins the Boyne at Navan before discharging into the Irish Sea at Drogheda.
 Kamakou is the highest peak on the island of Molokai at 4961 feet (1512 m). It is part of the extinct East Molokai shield volcano which comprises the east side of the island.Kamakou is located within the 2774 acres (11.23 km2; 4.334 sq mi) Molokai Forest Reserve estimated to contain more than 250 rare native Hawaiian plants many of which exists only in this part of the world. Two examples are the Olomaʻo (Molokai thrush) and Kākāwahie (Molokai creeper).
 Golaya (Russian: Голая - bare) is a small stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 Monte Grammondo is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Alps. It is located in the provinces of Imperia in Italy and Alpes-Maritimes in France. It lies at an altitude of 1378 metres.
 The Allaine (named Allan in its lower course) is a 65 km long river in northwestern Switzerland and eastern France. Its source is in the village Charmoille in the Swiss Jura mountains. It is a left tributary of the Doubs which it joins a few km downstream from Montbéliard.The Allaine flows through the following cantons départements and towns:Canton of Jura (CH): Charmoille PorrentruyTerritoire de Belfort (F): DelleDoubs (F): MontbéliardTemplate:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 For purposes of description the physical geography of the United States is split into several major physiographic divisions three of which being the Laurentian Highlands Interior Highlands and the Interior Plains (see subdivisions 1 and 11-15) lie in the interior of the U.S.
 The River Meon is a river that flows through an area of Hampshire in southern England known as the Meon Valley it flows generally southwards from the South Downs to the Solent. For most of its route it is a chalk stream with a length of 21 miles (34 km).The River Meon rises approximately one mile (1.6 km) south of the village of East Meon. It first flows due north to that village then northwest to West Meon and southwest to Warnford before adopting its principal southwards flow.
 Chitlapakkam aeri or Chitlapakkam lake is an urban lake located in Chitlapakkam a suburb of Chennai India. It is the chief water body in the neighbourhood.The lake currently measures 46.88 acres.
 Mount Carter (9843 feet (3000 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Rainbow Glacier is just south of Mount Carter while Weasel Collar Glacier is immediately northeast. Mount Carter is the tenth tallest peak in Glacier National Park.
 The Issineru River is a river of Guyana.
 The Harding Icefield is an expansive icefield located in the Kenai Mountains of the Kenai Peninsula in Alaska. It is also partially located in Kenai Fjords National Park. It is named for United States President Warren G. Harding.
 The Miner River is a river of the Nelson Region of New Zealand's South Island. It rises in hills ten kilometres south of Nelson city centre close to the southern end of the Bryant Range flowing west to joining with the Roding River four kilometres south of Richmond.
 Mount Yao (Chinese: 尧山; pinyin: Yáo Shān) formerly Mount Shiren (Chinese: 石人山) is located in west of Pingdingshan Henan Province. It lies east to the Funiu Mountain. It stands in the middle area of inner land near to the National Way 311 207 closing to the Zhijiao Railway. Spring Temple Buddha is in this mountain.In ancient times this mount was named Mount Rao and recognized as the source place of Liu the family name that has large population in China.
 The Vinul River or Valea Vinului River is a tributary of the Bistricioara in Romania. The river starts at the junction of headwaters Vinul Mare and Vinul Mic
 The Big Siskiwit River is an 8.1-mile-long (13.0 km) river on Isle Royale in Lake Superior in the U.S. state of Michigan. It flows west to east in the southern part of the island entering Lake Superior at Siskiwit Bay.
 Saukampen i Nord-Fron is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Tavistock Canal is a canal in the county of Devon in England. It was constructed early in the 19th century to link the town of Tavistock to Morwellham Quay on the River Tamar where cargo could be loaded into ships. The canal is still in use to supply water to a hydro-electric power plant at Morwellham Quay and forms part of the Cornwall and West Devon Mining Landscape World Heritage Site.
 The Comanca River is a tributary of the Olăneşti River in Romania.
 The North Yamhill River is a 31-mile (50 km) tributary of the Yamhill River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It drains an area of the Northern Oregon Coast Range as well as part of the Willamette Valley west of the Willamette River.Rising in a remote area in the mountains of northwestern Yamhill County the river flows generally east then southeast then south past the city of Yamhill. It joins the South Yamhill River about 2 miles (3.2 km) east of McMinnville to form the Yamhill River.
 Mount Sacagawea is the eighth highest peak in Wyoming and the seventh highest in the Wind River Range. It was named after Sacagawea the young Lemhi Shoshone woman who accompanied the Lewis and Clark Expedition as an interpreter and guide. The Upper Fremont Glacier is located southeast and the Sacagawea Glacier is northeast of the mountain. Straddling the Continental Divide Mount Sacagawea is one mile (1.6 km) northwest of Fremont Peak.
 Lago di Loppio is a lake in Trentino Italy.The lake has been drained as a result of the construction of the Mori-Torbole Tunnel in 1954. It occasionally fills up again for a short time when hit by heavy rain.
 Heammojávri or Hæmmujávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 10.9-square-kilometre (4.2 sq mi) lake is part of the river Kautokeinoelva along the Norwegian National Road 93. Rupert Murdock went to this lake once.
 Riedbach (Kinzig) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Łydyni is a river of north-eastern central Poland a left tributary of the Wkra at the town of Sochocin with an overall length of 72 kilometers.The river flows past Ciechanów and its ancient Mazovian ducal castle. Its own tributaries include the Giedniówka the Dunajczyk the Stawnica and the Pławnica.
 The Quizer River is a river of Bolivia.
 Lake Beulah is an oxbow lake located in Bolivar County Mississippi and Desha County Arkansas United States. The Arkansas-Mississippi border follows the center of the narrow curving lake.The town of Beulah Mississippi is located on the east shore where there is a public boat launch.Duckweed is the predominant aquatic vegetation and fish include bowfin bream buffalo channel catfish common carp crappie drum green sunfish gar and largemouth bass.
 Mount Côté is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia.
 The Split Rock River is a 3.5-mile-long (5.6 km) river of Minnesota in the United States. It drains a small watershed of about 40 square miles (100 km2) on the North Shore of Lake Superior. The name was used as early as 1825 and is believed to refer either to the steep-walled gorge carved by the river or to two cliffs east of the river mouth that appear split apart.
 Scarp Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1922 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 The Occoquan River is a tributary of the Potomac River in Northern Virginia in the Mid-Atlantic region of the United States. The river is 24.7 miles (39.8 km) long and its watershed covers about 590 square miles (1528 km2). It is formed by the confluence of Broad Run and Cedar Run in Prince William County; Bull Run enters it east-southeast of Manassas as the Occoquan turns to the southeast. It reaches the Potomac at Belmont Bay. The Occoquan River is part of the Chesapeake Bay watershed.
 Wiembach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Spatsizi Mountain is a mountain in the Spatsizi Plateau a sub-plateau of the Stikine Plateau in north-central British Columbia Canada. The name Spatsizi derives from the Sekani language and means red goat as mountain goats in this region are known to roll on a particular red mountain resulting in a red colour to their coats.
 Shelagyote Peak is the highest mountain in the Sicintine Range of the Skeena Mountains in northern British Columbia Canada located at the head of Barger Creek. It has a very large prominence of 1467 m (4813 ft) created by the Shelagyote Pass.
 Alum Creek is 58-mile (93 km) long creek that runs north to south in central Ohio. The creek originates in Morrow County and then flows through Delaware County and finally into Franklin County where it ends at Big Walnut Creek which drains into the Scioto River. In 1974 the Army Corps of Engineers completed the Alum Creek Reservoir near the middle portion of the creek length.
 The Scărița River is a tributary of the Dezna River in Romania.
 The Cordillera Darwin is an extensive mountain range mantled by an ice field that is located in Chile.
 The Bido River is a tributary of the Ponor River in Romania.
 The Izvorul cu Pești River is a tributary of the Cosău River in Romania.
 Lutembe Bay is a wetland on the edge of Lake Victoria.
 The Piedra River (also known as El Rio De La Piedra Parada Pedra Rio and Rio Piedre) is a river in the U.S. state of Colorado. It drains parts of Archuleta Hinsdale and Mineral counties along a mainstem length of about 40 miles (64 km). The river flows through a series of isolated box canyons emptying into the San Juan River at Navajo Lake. Its name stems from the Spanish word piedra meaning rock.
 Göltzsch is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Pariquera-Açu River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Balthazar River is a river of Grenada.
 Sandfloegga or Sandfloeggi is a mountain in Odda municipality in Hordaland Norway. It lies south on the mountain plateau Hardangervidda and is the highest mountain on Hardangervidda when the bordering summits Hardangerjøkulen and Folarskardnuten are omitted.From the summit Folgefonna is seen in north west Hårteigen in the north Hallingskarvet in north east and Gaustatoppen in the east.
 Mount Drum is a stratovolcano in the Wrangell Mountains of east-central Alaska in the United States. It is located at the extreme western end of the Wrangells 18 miles (29 km) west-southwest of Mount Sanford and the same distance west-northwest of Mount Wrangell. It lies just inside the western boundary of Wrangell-Saint Elias National Park and Preserve and is 25 miles (40 km) east of the Copper River.
 The Hochfirst' or Hohe first (Italian: Monte Principe) is a mountain in the Gurgler Kamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Lake Aurora is a freshwater lake located in eastern Polk County Florida. The lake is approximately 9 miles (14 km) east of Lake Wales on State Road 60. While not a very big lake the lake is relatively deep compared to other central Florida lakes with an average depth of 12 ft (3.7 m) and a maximum depth of 45 ft (14 m). The depth of the lake as well as its crystal blue waters indicate that the lake was probably once a sinkhole which filled with water.
 Neumagen is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Buttle Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island in Strathcona Regional District British Columbia Canada. It is about 23 kilometres (14 mi) long and 1.5 kilometres (0.9 mi) wide has an area of 28 square kilometres (11 sq mi) is up to 120 metres (394 ft) deep and lies at an elevation of 221 metres (725 ft). The lake is located between Campbell River and Gold River in Strathcona Provincial Park; there is a camping site on the shore.
 Lake Milh (Arabic: بحيرة ملح‎ literally Sea of Salt pronounced Bahr al-Milh) is located a few miles west of Karbala Iraq (32°45′N 43°38′E). It is alternately called Lake Razazah (Arabic: بحيرة الرزازة‎. Lake Milh is a depression into which excess water from the Euphrates River is diverted by a controlled escape channel or canal. The lake is rather shallow and water levels change with the seasons. Due to the salts and the changing water levels few recreational areas exist around the lake.
 Roggan Lake is a lake in western Quebec Canada.
 The Luhe is a river that runs through the Lüneburg Heath in northern Germany and discharges into the River Ilmenau. It is part of the Elbe river system.The entire catchment area of the Luhe has been heavily populated since the New Stone Age as evinced by sites like the monuments at Soderstorf and the Oldendorfer Totenstatt grave sites. On the heights of the present-day town of Winsen (Luhe) a bridge over the Luhe was controlled by Winsen Castle from the 13th century.
 The Agriş River ˙(Hungarian: Egres-patak) is a tributary of the Iara river in Romania.
 The Aiguille du Croissant is a minor summit in the Grand Combin massif in the Pennine Alps. Because of its small prominence it was included in the enlarged list of alpine four-thousanders.
 The Schwalm is a river in Hesse Germany right tributary of the Eder. It rises on the north side of the Vogelsberg Mountains. It flows north through Alsfeld Schwalmstadt and Borken. The Schwalm flows into the Eder near Wabern east of Fritzlar after a total length of 97 km. In the 19th century many Schwalms of German origin moved to the Topeka Kansas region in the United States. A Schwalm museum is situated in the greater Topeka area today.
 The Predil Pass or Predel Pass (Italian: Passo di Predil Slovene: Predel) (el. 1156 m) is a high mountain pass on the border between Italy and Slovenia.
 The Chindwin River (Burmese: ချင်းတွင်းမြစ် IPA: [tɕɪ́ɴdwɪ́ɴ mjɪʔ]) is a river in Burma (Myanmar) and the largest tributary of the country's chief river the Ayeyarwady (Irrawaddy). It flows entirely within Burma and is known as Ning-thi to the Manipuris.
 The Kimzha (Russian: Кимжа) is a river in Leshukonsky and Mezensky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Mezen River. It is 158 kilometres (98 mi) long and the area of its basin 1490 square kilometres (580 sq mi). The main tributary is the Tyafsora (right).The river basin of the Kimzha comprises a strip elongated from the south to the north and located between the basins of the Mezen and the Nemnyuga.
 Linkerskopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The United States Range is one of the most northern mountain ranges in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera and is surpassed only by the Challenger Mountains to the northwest. The range is located on the northeastern region of Ellesmere Island in Nunavut Canada and is part of the Innuitian Mountains. The highest mountain in the range is Mount Eugene (1850 m).
 The Bolătău River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Búlandstindur is a mountain in Eastern Iceland between the bays Berufjörður and Hamarsfjörður. Mt. Búlandstindur is 1069 metres (3507 ft) above sea level. It is a pyramid-shaped stack of basaltic strata.
 The Pârâul Platonesei is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
 Steinagger is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Ruhwa River (or Lua Luha Luhwa Luwa Ruwa) is a river in southwestern Rwanda that is a left-hand tributary of the Ruzizi River. It joins the Ruzizi which forms the boundary between Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) below the point where the Rubyiro River enters the Ruzizi. The Ruhwa forms the boundary between the western regions of Rwanda and Burundi.
 Deer Mountain is a 3001 feet (915 m) mountain peak located in the Tongass National Forest in the Ketchikan Gateway Borough Alaska which dominates the skyline behind downtown Ketchikan. The Deer Mountain National Recreation Trail provides a strenuous hiking route to the summit passing through temperate rainforests muskeg and alpine meadows as it gains 2600 feet (790 m) of elevation over 2.75 miles (4.43 km) from the trailhead in Ketchikan to the peak.
 The Saeș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 The Rwenzori Mountains previously called the Ruwenzori Range (spelling changed c. 1980 to conform more closely with the local name Rwenjura) and sometimes the Mountains of the Moon is a mountain range of eastern Equatorial Africa located on the border between Uganda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The Rwenzori Mountains reach heights up to 5109 m (16761 ft) at 0°23′09″N 29°52′18″E.
 Salze (Bega) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Paraopeba River is a river in Brazil flowing in the state of Minas Gerais. In the Tupi language 'Para means great river or sea and peba meansflat . The full name therefore means something like flat river. The source of the river is situated south of the municipality Cristiano Otoni Minas Gerais. The mouth is at the Três Marias Dam in the municipality Felixlandia in the same state.
 Umfreville Lake is a remote lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada.
 Halair Lake is a lake in Hanoi Vietnam located next to Nguyễn Du Street which used to be named Rue Halais under the French (1888-1945) hence the name Halais. According to Vietnamese sources it should be spelled Halais Lake the French name for the lake called Hồ Thiền Quang in Vietnamese.
 Cherupuzha is one of the tributaries of the Chaliyar River. It originates from the foothills of the Thamarassery churam as three separate rivulets. Iruthullippuzha (coming from Manalvayal) and Kadungampuzha (from Adivaram) merge near Kaithappoyil. Engappuzha join to it near Kuppayakkode and forms Cherupuzha. Cherupuzha passes very near to the campus of the National Institute of Technology Calicut and is the sole source of water to the resident academic community there.
 Swimm Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails that go to the lake.Swimm Lake is northeast of Watson Peak and Bear Lake although Bear Lake is in a separate sub-basin.
 The Somoș River is a tributary of the Belinul Mic River in Romania.
 The Spurwink River is a 4.6-mile-long (7.4 km) primarily tidal river in Cumberland County Maine in the United States. It rises in the town of Cape Elizabeth and flows west then southwest through salt marshes to its mouth at the Atlantic Ocean. It is bridged by Maine State Route 77 at the river's approximate halfway point. From a point shortly above the bridge to the river's mouth it forms the boundary between Cape Elizabeth to the east and the town of Scarborough to the west.
 Several rivers bear the name King Salmon River in Alaska.The King Salmon River is a 45-mile (72 km) tributary of the Nushagak River in southwest Alaska United States.
 The Uncompahgre Plateau in western Colorado is a distinctive large uplift part of the Colorado Plateau. Uncompahgre is a Ute Indian word that describes the water: Dirty Water or Rocks that make Water Red.The plateau with an average elevation of 9500 feet (2900 m) rises from the Colorado River 4600 ft (1400 m) to Horsefly Peak 10300 ft (3100 m). It continues on about 90 miles (140 km) southeast to the northwest margin of the San Juan Mountains.
 The Cavnic River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Deep Creek Valley is a 35-mi (56 km) long valley located in southwest Tooele County at the Utah-Nevada border; the extreme south of the valley is in northwest Juab County. The valley parallels the west flank of the Deep Creek Range both north-trending.
 Wallis Lake an open and trained wave dominated barrier estuary is located within the Great Lakes local government area in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia. Wallis Lake is located adjacent to the towns of Forster and Tuncurry and adjacent to the east coast about 308 kilometres (191 mi) north of Sydney.
 The Rabacca Dry River is a river of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. It is a seasonal river and will only flow like a normal when there is heavy river. It is located on the outskirts of Georgetown. It was formed as a result of the eruption of the La Soufriere volcano there is it's source.
 The Medellín River (Río Medellín in Spanish) called Porce River during most of its course is a river that flows though the Colombian city of Medellín and its metropolitan area. For many years an organization called Mi Rio (My River) was involved in cleaning the river trying to bring the river back to its prior glory and cleanliness.For the river's first 60 km (37 mi) it is referred to as the Medellín and the Porce thereafter.
 The Coleman Hills are a mountain range in Lake County Oregon.
 The Arieș River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 The Izvorul Lespezi is a tributary of the Şasa River in Romania
 The Hoko River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. It originates in the foothills of the Olympic Mountains and runs about 25 miles (40 km) to the Pacific Ocean through a rugged landscape that has been heavily logged. Its largest tributary is the Little Hoko River which joins at river mile 3.5-mile (5.6 km). The lower 1 mile (1.6 km) of the Hoko River is estuarine.
 The Tittabawassee River is a stream which flows in a generally southeasterly direction through the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The river begins at Secord Lake in Clement Township at the confluence of the East Branch and the Middle Branch. From there it flows through Gladwin Midland and Saginaw counties where as a major tributary of the Saginaw River it flows into it at Saginaw. Some of its tributaries include the Chippewa Pine and Tobacco rivers.
 Djuptjønnuten is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway.
 Grift is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Silver Lake or Kitts Pond is a lake at Wakefield in Washington County Rhode Island United States. It is considered part of the Saugatucket River watershed although it does not discharge into the Saugatucket River itself.
 North Franklin Mountain (or North Franklin Peak) is a mountain in the Franklin Mountains of El Paso Texas located in the Southwestern United States. North Franklin at 7192 feet (2192 m) is the highest point in El Paso and the 27th-highest mountain in the state of Texas.
 The Groapa River is a tributary of the Pleşcoaia in Romania.
 The Vâna Mare River or Vena Mare River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Alaska Range is a relatively narrow 650-km-long (400 mi) mountain range in the southcentral region of the U.S. state of Alaska from Lake Clark at its southwest end to the White River in Canada's Yukon Territory in the southeast. The highest mountain in North America Denali (or Mount McKinley) is in the Alaska Range.The range is the highest in the world outside of Asia and the Andes.
 The Utakura River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows west from its sources northwest of Kaikohe reaching the Waihou River at the point where it widens to become an arm of the Hokianga Harbour.
 Torysa River is a 129 km (80 mi) long river in eastern Slovakia. Its source is in the Levoča Mountains and it flows through the towns of: Lipany Sabinov Veľký Šariš Prešov and into the Hornád river near Nižná Hutka southeast of Košice.
 Gull Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Michigan located mostly in Kalamazoo County with the northern tip extending into Barry County. The nearest major cities are Kalamazoo 11 miles (18 km) to the southwest and Battle Creek 13 miles (21 km) to the southeast. The name was probably derived from the seagulls which at times come inland from Lake Michigan in large numbers. The total surface area of this lake is 2030 acres (8 km2) with maximum depths of 110 feet (34 m).
 Yuzhnaya Bay is one of the harbour bays in Sevastopol.On March 22 2014 during the 2014 Russian military intervention in Ukraine Russian forces captured the only Ukrainian submarine known as the Zaporizhya and took it to Yuzhnaya Bay according to Vladislav Seleznyov a spokesman for the Ukrainian military.
 The Owen River is located in the northwest of New Zealand's South Island. This short river is an upper tributary of the Buller River. It flows south for 20 kilometres from its headwaters on the slopes of Mount Owen flowing into the Buller at the small settlement of Owen River 18 kilometres northeast of Murchison.
 The Tolaeyuus River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Quassaick Creek (Quassaic Creek on federal maps) is an 18.4-mile-long (29.6 km) tributary of the Hudson River in Orange and Ulster counties in the U.S. state of New York. It rises in the glacial ridges west of the river near the boundary between the towns of Plattekill and Marlborough.
 The Worcester Range is a mountain range in Antarctica standing between the Skelton and Mulock Glaciers on the western side of the Ross Ice Shelf. Probably named after the training ship in the Thames in which many officers of early British Antarctic expeditions trained. Discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition (BrNAE) 1901-04.
 Col de l'Iseran (el. 2770 metres (9088 ft)) is a mountain pass in France the highest paved pass in the Alps. A part of the Graian Alps it is situated in the department of Savoie near the border with Italy and is crossed by the D902 roadway.The pass is part of the Route des Grandes Alpes. It connects the valley of the Isère (Tarentaise) and the valley of the Arc River (Maurienne) between Val-d'Isère in the north and Bonneval-sur-Arc in the south.
 Plover Hill is an area of moorland north of Pen-y-ghent in the Yorkshire Dales England and connected to it by an unbroken area of high ground. Whilst the area is now on Access Land the main right of way footpaths come directly from the north off Foxup Road and directly from the south from the Pen-y-ghent summit.
 Broken Sword Creek in Wyandot County and Crawford County Ohio is a 37.1-mile-long (59.7 km) tributary of the Sandusky River.
 The Toleasa River is a tributary of the Cucuteni River in Romania.
 The Niermeș River or Nermeș River is a tributary of the Marga River in Romania.
 The Catargiu River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania.
 Lake Parangi is a small supertrophic (i.e. saturated in phosphorus and nitrogen with excessive phytoplankton growth after a few weeks of calm sunny weather) dune-dammed lake 3 km north of Kawhia in the Waikato region of New Zealand.
 Capitol Peak is a peak in the Black Hills in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the highest peak in the Black Hills. Capitol Peak is located in the Capitol State Forest. There is a partially paved road to the summit called the Sherman Valley Road. The summit hosts a communications facility that includes an array of cell phone and radio towers. On a clear day looking to the west is a view of Elma and the Satsop Nuclear Power Plant. Looking to the east is a view of Mount Rainier Mount St.
 Thirtynine Mile Mountain elevation 11553 ft (3521 m) is a summit in the Front Range of the Pike National Forest in central Colorado.
 Offlumer See is a lake in Kreis Steinfurt North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 46 m its surface area is 0.5 km².
 The Valea Cărnii River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 Jackson Creek is a 26.4-mile-long (42.5 km) stream in Amador County California which feeds into Dry Creek southwest of Ione.
 The Humuya River is a river in Honduras.
 The Aranca River (Romanian: Aranca Serbian: Златица Zlatica Hungarian: Aranka) is a 117 km long river in the Banat region of Romania and Serbia left tributary of the Tisa river.
 National Park Mountain (7549 feet (2301 m)) is in Yellowstone National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. National Park Mountain rises above the confluence of the Firehole River and the Madison River and is just west of Madison Junction.
 The Rasa River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 The River Bewl is a tributary of the River Teise in Kent England. Its headwaters are in the High Weald in Sussex between Lamberhurst Wadhurst and Flimwell. The valley is deeply incised into Tunbridge Wells red sandstone with a base of alluvium on Wadhurst clay.Between 1973 and 1975 a 900-metre dam (980 yd) was built across the Bewl valley cutting off the headwaters. This formed Bewl Water a 30-metre-deep storage reservoir (98 ft) with a surface area of 308 hectares (760 acres).
 Mount Murchison (42°05′S 145°36′E) is the tallest mountain in the West Coast Range Tasmania Australia. Like most of the mountains in the West Coast Range - the taller were named after opponents or critics of Charles Darwin the smaller after his supporters.
 Porth yr Ogof is a cave located near the village of Ystradfellte near the southern boundary of the Brecon Beacons National Park in Wales. In 1998 the cave's passageways had been measured as over 2.25 km in length. Among the cave's fifteen entrances is the largest cave entrance in Wales and one of the largest in the UK standing at nearly 20m wide and 8m tall (but many of those entrances are only accessible to cave divers).
 Lake Homs (Arabic: بحيرة حمص‎) (also called Lake Qattinah Arabic: بحيرة قطينة‎) is a lake near Homs Syria fed by the Orontes River. The lake is located 15 km (9.3 mi) from the city of Homs extends over 60 km2 (23 sq mi) and is known for a large fish population.
 The Boia River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Boia Mare și Boia Mică.
 The Francesco Gonella Refuge (in Italian Rifugio Francesco Gonella and sometimes called Rifugio del Dôme; in French Refuge Francesco Gonella or Refuge du Dôme) is a shelter in the Aosta Valley in the Mont Blanc massif area of the Graian Alps. It lies at an altitude of 3071 meters in Val Veny near Courmayeur (near the Dôme glacier). The refuge is located on the Italian normal route to Mont Blanc.
 The Moșu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Da Direita River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Srautas is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania.
 Higby Mountain or Mount Higby 892 feet (272 m) is a traprock mountain ridge located 3.75 miles (6.04 km) east of Meriden Connecticut. It is part of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border. Higby Mountain is known for its high cliff faces unique microclimate ecosystems and rare plant communities.
 The Chörblispitz (2103 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located north of Jaun in the canton of Fribourg. It lies on the range between the valley of the Breccaschlund and the valley of the Jaunbach.
 Gründau is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Tazlău River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Tazlăul Mare River and Tazlăul Sărat River near the village of Tescani.The Belci Dam which failed in 1991 was built on the Tazlău River.
 Bridge Creek is a 28-mile (45 km) tributary of the John Day River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of the drainage basin of the Columbia River its watershed covers 267 square miles (690 km2) in Wheeler County.From its headwaters in the Ochoco Mountains in central Oregon the creek flows generally northeast for about 13 miles (21 km) from Mount Pisgah in the Bridge Creek Wilderness to the small city of Mitchell on U.S. Route 26.
 Degas is a rayed crater on Mercury at latitude 37.5 longitude 127. It is 45 km (27 mi) wide and was named after Edgar Degas. The rays consist of light colored material blasted out during the crater's formation. Craters older than Degas are covered by the ray material while younger craters are seen superimposed on the rays. The crater's floor contains cracks that formed as the pool of impact melt cooled and shrank.
 Gieselau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Amedroz Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island south of Pipestem Inlet and west of Effingham Inlet.
 Lake Isabel is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Lake Isabel is northeast of Battlement Mountain and northwest of Vigil Peak. Located in a remote region of Glacier National Park Lake Isabel is a 30 miles (48 km) roundtrip hike from Two Medicine Lake.
 Inipaco River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 The Middle Fork Feather River is a major river in Plumas and Butte Counties in the U.S. state of California. Nearly 100 miles (160 km) long it drains about 1062 square miles (2750 km2) of the rugged northern Sierra Nevada range.It rises near Beckwourth formed by the confluence of several streams in a large mountain-surrounded basin the Sierra Valley called the Sierra Valley Channels. The largest is Little Last Chance Creek which flows from the northeast side of the valley.
 Lake Plétipi is an irregularly shaped lake in central Quebec Canada. It is fed by and drains into the Rivière aux Outardes. The lake is approximately 60 km WNW of the huge impact crater known as Lake Manicouagan and 80 km from the nearest road. It nearby Lakes Matonipi and Matonipis and their surrounding region have been proposed as a biodiversity reserve under the Natural Heritage Conservation Act of Canada.
 The Pârâul Cantonului is a tributary of the Coasta Benghii in Romania
 The Pârâul Tulbure is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania.
 The Valea Cărășița River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 Kościelec (2155 m above sea level) is a mountain in the High Tatras in the Valley Gąsienicowa of Poland.
 The Merivale River is a river in the Maranoa district of southern Queensland. The river flows in a southerly direction and joins the Maranoa River west of Injune after rising on the southern slopes of the Carnarvon Range near Mount Moffatt.Sandy Box and Smith Creeks are the river's main tributaries. The river's catchment covers and areas of 3460 km².
 Quamecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Valea Vinului River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Lake Samish is a lake south of Bellingham Washington.Visible to the West of Interstate 5 when travelling between Alger and Bellingham Lake Samish is heavily used for recreation in the summer months by local residents. The lake shoreline is heavily developed and homesites cover almost the entire shoreline. Lake Samish is bordered on the south by Blanchard Mountain and on the north by Chuckanut Pass.
 Sticht Range is a mountain range in the West Coast Tasmania. It runs between two tributaries of the Eldon River.It was named after Robert Carl Sticht the manager of the Mount Lyell Mining and Railway Company
 Big Pine Creek is an 18.5-mile-long (29.8 km) river in Texas. It is a tributary of the Red River part of the Mississippi River watershed. The creek flows entirely within Red River County Texas.
 The Carlshaushöhe (or Karlshaushöhe) is a mountain 626.3 m in the Harz in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.
 Surajkund (सुरजकुण्ड) is an ancient reservoir of the 10th century 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) away to the south west from a more ancient dam of the 8th century called the Anagpur Dam; both are located in Haryana India.Surajkund (literal meaning is 'Lake of the Sun') is an artificial Kund (‘Kund’ means “lake” or reservoir) built in the backdrop of the Aravalli hills with an amphitheatre shaped embankment constructed in semicircular form.
 The Sohodol River is a tributary of the Nădrab river in Romania.
 The Lărguţa River (or Gura Văii River) is a tributary of the Cremeneţ River in Romania.
 The Moose River (Nina Moose River) is a river of Minnesota.
 Jabal al-Lawz (Arabic: جبل اللوز‎) (also known as Gebel el-Lawz) is a mountain located in northwest Saudi Arabia near the Jordan border above the Gulf of Aqaba at 2580 metres above sea level.
 The Pârâul Mușetoii River is a tributary of the Dobra River in Romania.
 The Jaguariatu River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Aonach Beag is a mountain in the Highlands of Scotland. It is located about 3 km east of Ben Nevis on the north side of Glen Nevis near the town of Fort William. Apart from Ben Nevis Aonach Beag is the highest peak in the British Isles without the Cairngorm mountains of eastern Scotland. Aonach means fair in Gaelic and Cairngorm means blue cairn in Gaelic.
 The Cerna is a river in Romania. The Cerna has its source on the south-east side of the Godeanu Mountains and flows into the Danube near the town Orșova. The upper reach of the river is sometimes called Cernișoara. With a basin of 1433 square km and a length of 84 km it carves an erosive tectonic valley with numerous gorges quite deep sometimes. There is a man-made lake on it (Tierna) just before it crosses the Băile Herculane spa to perpetuate the old toponimic od Dierna.
 Waldbach (Waldbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Rhinogydd (a Welsh plural form often anglicised as Rhinogs and also known by the alternative Welsh plural Rhinogau) are a range of mountains located east of Harlech in North Wales.
 The Wadbilliga River is a perennial stream of the Tuross River catchment that is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Shebelle River (Somali: Webi Shabeelle Italian: Uebi Scebeli) begins in the highlands of Ethiopia and then flows southeast into Somalia towards Mogadishu. Near Mogadishu it turns sharply southwest where it follows the coast. Below Mogadishu the river becomes seasonal. During most years the river dries up near the mouth of the Jubba River while in seasons of heavy rainfall the river actually reaches the Jubba and thus the Indian Ocean.
 Maidenform Peak (11137 feet (3395 m) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Maidenform Peak is at the head of Leigh Canyon and .64 miles (1.03 km) SSW of Cleaver Peak. Cirque Lake is immediately east of the peak.
 Seßmarbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Dewatto River is a stream in the U.S. state of Washington. It originates in western Kitsap Peninsula and flows south emptying into Hood Canal. The name Dewatto comes from the Twana placename [duʔwátaxʷ] which implies the presence of spirits causing mental derangement near the stream's mouth.
 Lima Mountain is a 2238 foot summit in Cook County Minnesota. It is located in the Lima Mountain Unit a 2540 acre inventoried roadless area adjacent to the Boundary Waters Canoe Area. There is a 1 mile trail to the summit where a fire tower once stood. Lima Mountain has a 328 foot rise over the saddle connecting it with the Misquah Hills High Point and Peak 2266.
 Blackwater Lake is a lake in the Northwest Territories Canada.
 Beinn Sgritheall (or Beinn Sgriol) is the highest mountain in the Glenelg area of the Highlands of Scotland. The main approach is via Arnisdale on the shores of Loch Hourn or via Gleann Beag to the north with its well-known brochs. The view from the summit was described by Sir Hugh Munro a founder member of the Scottish Mountaineering Club as perhaps the most beautiful I have seen in Scotland.
 The Percival River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows southwest from its origins in the Hanmer Range to the northeast of Hanmer Springs reaching the Waiau River seven kilometres to the south of the town.
 Scott Lake is a lake of northern Saskatchewan close to the border with the Northwest Territories of Canada.
 The Valea Iniștei River is a tributary of the Şcheiu River in the city of Braşov Romania.
 Inauini River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Deception Island is an island in the South Shetland Islands archipelago off the Antarctic Peninsula that has one of the safest harbours in Antarctica. The island is the caldera of an active volcano which caused serious damage to the local scientific stations in 1967 and 1969. The island previously held a whaling station; it is now a tourist destination and scientific outpost with research bases being run by Argentina and Spain.
 Rita Blanca Creek is a river in Texas.
 The Valea lui Stanciu River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 Chongtar Kangri or Chongtar Peak is a mountain peak in the Xinjiang region of China. Chongtar is situated about 10 km (6.2 mi) northwest of K2 and lies very near China's border with Pakistan.
 The Ciucurul Orbului River is a tributary of the Izvorul Călugărului River in Romania.
 Mount Lincoln is a fourteener in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is the eighth highest peak in the state and the 11th highest in the contiguous United States. It is located in the Mosquito Range just west of Hoosier Pass and is the highest peak in that range. It lies just east of the Continental Divide in northwestern Park County approximately 5 miles (8 km) east of Climax and near the town of Alma.
 Luobi Cave (simplified Chinese: 落笔洞; traditional Chinese: 落筆洞; pinyin: Luòbĭ Dòng; literally hanging pen cave) is a karst cave under the west face of Yin Ridge (印岭) located 7 km (4.3 mi) north east of Lizhigou Town (荔枝沟镇) 15 km (9.3 mi) from Sanya City Hainan Province People's Republic of China.
 Drawbridge Peak is located on the Continental Divide along the provincial borders of Alberta and British Columbia. The Alberta side is in Jasper Natioanl Park while Mount Robson Provincial Park is on the B.C. side. It was named in 1920 by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey.
 Redoubt Mountain (alternatively Mount Redoubt) is a mountain located in Banff National Park Alberta Canada. It forms the southern buttress of Boulder Pass. The mountain was named in 1908 by Arthur O. Wheeler founding member of the ACC as it resembled a redoubt (an outer military defense).The mountain can be climbed on a moderate to difficult scrambling route on the northwestern ridge.
 Mount Bigelow (also called the Bigelow Range and Bigelow Mountain) is a long mountain ridge with several summits. It is located in Franklin County and Somerset County Maine. It is one of Maine's highest summits. The mountain is named after Major Timothy Bigelow who climbed the rugged summit in late October 1775 for the purpose of observation. Major Bigelow was one of Colonel Benedict Arnold's four division commanders during the 1775 Invasion of Canada.
 Stepnica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Gowienica.
 Junshan Lake（Chinese: 军山湖; pinyin: Jūnshān Hú）also known as Sun Moon Lake （Chinese: 日月湖; pinyin: Rìyuè Hú）in the ancient times is a freshwater lake in China it is located in Jinxian County of Jiangxi Province situated in the south of Poyang Lake. The area of the watershed is 615 km 2 with an elevation of 18 m its length makes 25 km and the greatest breadth from east to west is18.2 km ( the average breadth makes 7.7 km ).
 Peršėkė is a river of Alytus district municipality Alytus County southern Lithuania. It flows for 66 kilometres and has a basin area of 542 km².It begins near Gervėnai village and crosses the Lake Obelija at upper course. There is a water reservoir on Peršėkė near Krokialaukis. The most important settlements near Peršekė are Krokialaukis and Balbieriškis. Peršėkė joins the Neman River from its left side.
 Condon is a lunar crater that lies on the eastern shore of the Sinus Successus a bay along the northeast edge of Mare Fecunditatis. It lies midway between the larger crater Apollonius to the north and the smaller Webb to the south on the Mare Fecunditatis. Condon was previously designated Webb R before being given a name by the IAU.This is a lava-flooded crater remnant with only low rim segments surviving to the east and west.
 The Do Sono River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Ohinetamatea River is a river in the Westland District of New Zealand. It is also known as Saltwater Creek in the lower reaches.The river rises on the north flank of the Copland Range and flows generally northward until it reaches the valley of the Cook River and turns westward. There is a 72 metres (236 ft) high waterfall at 700 metres (2300 ft) elevation. The river passes to the south of an ancient glacial moraine which separates its lower reaches from the Cook River valley.
 Monte Toc nicknamed the walking mountain by locals due to its tendency to landslide is a mountain on the border between Veneto and Friuli-Venezia Giulia in Northern Italy best known for the Vajont Dam which was built at the mountain's base in 1960.On October 9 1963 260 million cubic metres of rock slid down the side of Mount Toc and plunged into the reservoir created by the Vajont Dam sending a wave of water 250 metres high over the dam wall and destroying the town of Longarone and its suburbs. 
 The Rășcoiu River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
 Golubac (Serbian Cyrillic: Голубац) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Guča. Its highest peak Stanojev vrh has an elevation of 733 meters above sea level.
 The Apucarama River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Cajon Pass (/kəˈhoʊn/; elevation 3777 ft (1151 m)) is a mountain pass between the San Bernardino Mountains and the San Gabriel Mountains in Southern California in the United States. It was created by the movements of the San Andreas Fault.
 Veslbreatinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Arieș River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 Burnt Lake is a lake in the Mount Hood National Forest in Oregon USA. It is in the Sandy River watershed.
 Mount William (also Mount Duwil) is a mountain of the Grampians Mountain Range located within the Grampians National Park in the Australian state of Victoria. The mountain is situated approximately 250 kilometres (160 mi) west-north-west of Melbourne on the eastern edge of the national park approximately 22 kilometres (14 mi) drive from Halls Gap.
 The Păpușa River is a tributary of the Romanu River in Romania.
 The River Sow is a tributary of the River Trent in Staffordshire England and is the river that flows through Stafford.
 Sausal Creek is a 2.5-mile-long (4.0 km) northwesterly-flowing stream originating in Portola Valley along the northeastern edge of the Windy Hill Open Space Preserve in the eastern foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains in San Mateo County California United States. It joins a nexus of creeks becoming Corte Madera Creek in a natural marsh above Searsville Reservoir on Stanford University lands.
 The Valea Mineii River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Mount Lamlam (meaning lightning in Chamoru) is a peak on the island of the United States territory of Guam. It is located near the village of Agat (5 km or 3 mi north) in the southwest of the island.Rising to 406 meters (1332 ft) above sea level it is the highest peak in Guam (before Mount Jumullong Manglo). The distance from the peak to the bottom of the nearby Mariana Trench is the greatest change in elevation on Earth over such a short distance.
 Lac Achard is a lake in Isère France.
 The Rio Puerco is a tributary of the Rio Grande in the U.S. state of New Mexico. From its source on the west side of the Nacimiento Mountains it flows about 230 miles (370 km) generally south to join the Rio Grande about 20 miles (32 km) south of Belen and about 50 miles (80 km) south of Albuquerque.
 Arnside Knott is a hill with a summit elevation of 159 metres (522 ft) near Arnside Cumbria England. Although it is in South Lakeland district it is not in the Lake District National Park lying south of the River Kent which forms the south eastern boundary of the national park. It is within the Arnside and Silverdale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty and is National Trust property.Arnside Knott is the lowest Marilyn (i.e. a hill with over 150 m of topographic prominence) in England.
 The Groapa de Aur River or Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Valea Poienii River in Romania.
 Rore is a lake in the municipalities of Grimstad and Arendal in Aust-Agder county Norway. This lake which is used as a reservoir lies mostly in Grimstad. There is a public beach area at the southern end of the lake near the Roresanden village. The lake is located about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from the city center of Grimstad near Landvik.The lake Syndle flows into Rore from the east and Rore is connected to the river Nidelva at the northern end.
 Mammoth Cave is a lava tube located on the Markagunt Plateau in the Dixie National Forest of Southern Utah and is one of the largest lava tubes in Utah. The cave has over 2200 feet (670 m) of passage and is about a quarter mile (400 m) long. It was formed by cooling lava and water less than 2000 years ago. Due to moisture and its elevation of 8050 feet (2450 m) above sea level the cave stays cool year round.The cave has four chambers the largest to the west.
 The Manchester Bolton & Bury Canal is a disused canal in Greater Manchester England built to link Bolton and Bury with Manchester. The canal when fully opened was 15 miles 1 furlong (24.3 km) long. It was accessed via a junction with the River Irwell in Salford. Seventeen locks were required to climb to the summit as it passed through Pendleton heading northwest to Prestolee before it split northwest to Bolton and northeast to Bury.
 Hagerbeck is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Izhora (Russian: Ижóра Finnish: Inkereenjoki) also known as the Inger River is a left tributary of the Neva River on its run through Ingria in northwestern Russia from Lake Ladoga to Gulf of Finland. The Izhora flows through Gatchinsky and Tosnensky Districts of Leningrad Oblast as well as through Pushkinsky and Kolpinsky Districts of the federal city of Saint Petersburg. The settlement of Ust-Izhora (lit.
 The Hurez River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Seekonk River is a tidal extension of the Providence River in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately 8 km (5 mi). Most historical scholars agree that the name is derived from two Native American words sucki (meaning black) and honc (meaning goose). The river is home to the Brown University rowing team India Point Park Blackstone Park Crook Point Bascule Bridge Narragansett Boat Club Swan Point Cemetery and the Bucklin Point WWTF.
 The Emm Brook sometimes known as the Embrook[citation needed] or Emmbrook is a small river in the English county of Berkshire. It is a tributary of the River Loddon which it meets at the village of Hurst.The Wokingham suburb of Emmbrook is named after the river.The Emm Brook flows along the eastern boundary of The Emmbrook School.The last major flood of the Emm Brook (now officially classified as a river) occurred on July 20 2007.
 The Valea Doamnei River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 The Formoso River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Roxy Ann Peak is a 3576-foot-tall (1090 m) mountain in the Western Cascade Range at the eastern edge of Medford Oregon. Composed of several geologic layers the majority of the peak is of volcanic origin and dates to the early Oligocene. It is primarily covered by oak savanna and open grassland on its lower slopes and mixed coniferous forest on its upper slopes and summit.
 The Câlneș River or Bahna River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The River Ness (Scottish Gaelic: Abhainn Nis) is a river about 12 miles or 20 km long which flows from the northern end of Loch Ness in Scotland through Loch Dochfour north-east to Inverness with a total fall in height of about 16 metres before discharging into the Beauly Firth. The river is the origin of the name of Inverness which is from the Scottish Gaelic: Inbhir Nis meaning Mouth of the Ness.
 Engelberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Andaman Sea (Bengali: আন্দামান সাগর; Hindi: अंडमान सागर) is a body of water to the southeast of the Bay of Bengal south of Burma (Myanmar) west of Thailand north-west of Malay Peninsula north of Sumatra and east of the Andaman Islands India; it is part of the Indian Ocean.The sea has been traditionally used for fishery and transportation of goods between the coastal countries and its coral reefs and islands are popular tourist destinations.
 The Mijares or Millars (Spanish: Mijares Catalan: Millars Aragonese: Millars) is a river in Aragon and the Valencian Community eastern Spain. It flows into the Mediterranean Sea between Almassora and Burriana. The Mijares River marks the southernmost limit of the Catalan Mediterranean System.This river originates at a height of 1600 m in the Sierra de Gúdar Sistema Ibérico. It is 156 km long with a 4028 km2 wide basin and an average flow of 14.72 m3 per second at Cirat.
 Arikaree Glacier is an alpine glacier located in a cirque to the north of Arikaree Peak and south of Navajo Peak in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado. The glacier is just east of the Continental Divide and 1 mi (1.6 km) south of Isabelle Glacier.
 Eidevatnet or Eidvatnet is a lake that is located in the municipality of Bindal in Nordland county Norway. The lake lies in the northern part of Bindal that is very sparsely populated. The lake Fjellvatnet flows to the southwest into this lake.
 The Barbul River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Russell Millpond also known as Russell Mill Pond is a 42-acre (170000 m2) pond in the Chiltonville village of Plymouth Massachusetts United States. Fed by springs and water from cranberry bogs the outflow of the pond is the Eel River. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants in the pond.
 Rabenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Lake Tulos (Russian: Тулос Finnish: Tuulijärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia Russia near Finnish border. It has an area of 95.7 km². It freezes up in November and stays icebound until May. There are many islands on the lake. The waters from the lake flow into the Lieksanjoki river that drains into lake Pielinen Northern Karelia Finland.
 Mont Idoukal-n-Taghès (also Mont Bagzane Mont Bagzan) is the highest mountain in Niger. Mont Idoukal-n-Taghès is located in the south central Aïr Mountains and is at the northern end of the Bagzane plateau. The village and pilgrimage site of Abatol sits at the base of the peak. The Aouderas valley the path of a seasonal wash (or Kouri) runs south from the foot of Idoukal-n-Taghès towards Agadez the regional capital. The oasis town of Aouderas is just southwest of the mountain.
 The Criștior River is a tributary of the Crişul Poienii River in Romania.
 Ludaš or Ludoš Lake (Serbian: Ludaško/Ludoško jezero Hungarian: Ludas or Ludasi-tó) is a shallow lake in the province of Vojvodina in northern Serbia near Subotica. It is a special natural preserve and since 1977 designated as a swamp area of international significance by the Ramsar Convention. The name of the lake stems from Hungarian ludas meaning goose.
 The Kings River (Irish: Abhainn Rí) is a river in Ireland flowing through South Tipperary and County Kilkenny. It is a tributary of the River Nore. It has its source in the Slieveardagh Hills in South Tipperary.It has many tributaries of its own.There are three main tributaries that are not named but are the original sources.One started as a spring in the townsland of Ballyphilip.The two remaining tributaries rise in the townsland of Gurteen.
 Lake Ohrid (Macedonian: Охридско Езеро Albanian: Liqeni i Ohrit) straddles the mountainous border between southwestern Macedonia and eastern Albania. It is one of Europe's deepest and oldest lakes preserving a unique aquatic ecosystem that is of worldwide importance with more than 200 endemic species. The importance of the lake was further emphasized when it was declared a World Heritage site by UNESCO in 1979 and when in 2010 NASA decided to name one of Titan's lakes after Lake Ohrid.
 Long Marsh Lake is a lake of St. Mary's in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Ansan (Hangul: 안산) is a mountain in the county of Inje Gangwon-do in South Korea. It is in the north-western area of Seoraksan National Park. It has an elevation of 1430 m (4692 ft).
 The Răcăciuni River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Rosenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Titicus Reservoir is one of 12 in the New York City Water Supply System's Croton watershed. It is located in the Town of North Salem in Westchester County 30 miles (48 km) north of the city.At full capacity it holds 7.2 billion gallons (2.7 million m³).
 The Ripia River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. A major tributary of the Mohaka River it flows generally southeast from its sources at the northern end of the Ahimanawa Range 25 kilometres east of Lake Taupo reaching the Mohaka 40 kilometres northwest of Napier.
 Mount Kinangop (or Ilkinangop) is a mountain in the southern Aberdare Range about 100 miles (160 km) north of Nairobi Kenya.It is within the Aberdare National Park.A dormant volcano Kinangop overlooks the Kinangop Plateau to the west and the Great Rift Valley beyond.Kinangop is the second-highest mountain in the Aberdares after Mount Satima.The lower levels of the mountain have extensive bamboo forests.
 Erlenbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Watch Croft is a prominent hill 252 metres (827 ft) high overlooking the north coast of the county of Cornwall England. Its prominence of 225 metres qualifies it as a Marilyn one of only five in Cornwall. The others are Brown Willy (420 m) Kit Hill (334 m) Hensbarrow Beacon (312 m) and Carnmenellis (252 m).
 Vavatn is a lake in the municipality of Hemsedal in Buskerud county Norway.
 The Palmital River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Crawford Lake is a lake in Rainy River District Ontario Canada. It is about 1.5 kilometres (0.9 mi) long and 0.7 kilometres (0.4 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 427 metres (1401 ft).
 The Pârâul dintre Stâne is a tributary of the Urlieşu River in Romania.
 The Sebeș River or Frumoasa River or Seviș River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Şteaza River and Strâmba River
 Wimbleball Lake on Exmoor in Somerset England is a water supply reservoir constructed in the 1970s and completed in 1979. The 161 feet (49 m) high dam is of concrete buttress construction and impounds the River Haddeo to provide a water storage capacity of some 21000 megalitres over an area of 374 acres (1.51 km2). Aggregate for the dam came from a quarry at Bampton and sand from Uffculme.
 Quamby Bluff is a mountain situated in the Great Western Tiers Northern Tasmania Australia. It is located 23 km from Deloraine and is one of the easier peaks to ascend in the Great Western Tiers. The walk to the summit of Quamby Bluff is a popular day walk and can be easily completed in an afternoon.
 Barker Reservoir is a water supply reservoir in the Colorado Front Range located near the town of Nederland Colorado in southwestern Boulder County.Barker Dam provides water to a downstream hydroelectric power generating facility and its reservoir provides water to the city of Boulder Colorado. In 1908 the Central Colorado Power Company began construction of Barker Dam to provide electricity to nearby mining communities and the city of Denver.
 Kentmere Reservoir is a water storage facility situated in the Kentmere valley in the county of Cumbria England. It is located 10.5 km north-northeast of the town of Windermere. The reservoir is fed by the streams which form the headwaters of the River Kent which rises 1.5 km to the north in Hall Cove on the southern slopes of High Street as well as Lingmell Gill which drains the large corrie on the western side of Harter Fell beneath the Nan Bield Pass.
 The Tejon Pass is a mountain pass between the southwest end of the Tehachapi Mountains and northeastern San Emigdio Mountains linking the Central Valley to Southern California via Interstate 5.
 The Ciuta Mare River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 Storsylen is the highest mountain in the Sylan mountain range. It is located in the municipality of Tydal Sør-Trøndelag Norway less than 100 metres (330 ft) west of the border with Sweden. The 1762-metre (5781 ft) tall mountain lies about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of the lake Nesjøen. To climb the mountain from the south the route is characterized as scrambling from the north it is an easy hike.
 Arabia Mountain is a monadnock in DeKalb County Georgia USA. The peak is 954 feet (290m) above sea level rising 170 feet (52m) above Arabia Lake reservoir. It is now part of the Davidson-Arabia Mountain Nature Preserve a DeKalb County park.
 North Barrule is the second highest peak in the Isle of Man at 1842 Feet. From the summit the flat Northern plain of the Isle of Man can be viewed along with the coastlines of Ireland Cumbria Wales and Scotland.
 The Bagagem River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Peel River (Teetl'it Gwinjik in Gwich’in) is a tributary of the Mackenzie River in the Yukon and Northwest Territories in Canada. Its source is in the Ogilvie Mountains in the central Yukon at the confluence of the Ogilvie River and Blackstone River. Its main tributaries are:Ogilvie RiverBlackstone River (Canada)Hart RiverWind River (Yukon)Bonnet Plume RiverSnake River (Yukon)The Peel River joins the Mackenzie in the Mackenzie Delta.
 The Bârsănești River is a tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania.
 The Mount Bozdağ (Azerbaijani: Bozdağ dağı) is a mountain in Greater Caucasus near Mingechevir city Azerbaijan. Near the mount where the Kura River flows Mingachevir reservoir was built in 1953.
 The Barenberg also called the Bärenberg or Bärenkopf is a mountain 695.5 m above sea level in the Harz Mountains o f Germany near the village of Schierke Harz county in the state of Saxony-Anhalt.
 Cantref Reservoir is the middle of the three reservoirs in the Taff Fawr valley in South Wales. It is owned by Welsh Water. It is located in the Brecon Beacons National Park mostly in the Powys unitary authority area and within the historic county boundaries of Breconshire. Part of the south west corner is in the Rhondda Cynon Taff unitary authority area.A public footpath crosses the dam and links with the Taff Trail and the Navvies Line paths.
 The Qiongzhou Strait (simplified Chinese: 琼州海峡; traditional Chinese: 瓊州海峽; pinyin: Qióngzhōu Hǎixiá) also called the Hainan Strait is a body of water that separates the Leizhou Peninsula in Guangdong southern China to the north from Hainan Island to its south.
 The Valea Albă River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 The Indaiá Grande River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Icarus is a lunar impact crater that lies on the Moon's far side. It is located to the west of the huge walled plain Korolev and less than two crater diameters to the east of the crater Daedalus. To the south of Icarus is the smaller Amici.Icarus has a worn rim and a relatively wide inner wall. A small crater lies across the southern rim and the side bulges outward slightly along the southwestern face. There is a disproportionately tall central peak located near the crater midpoint.
 The Sușcava River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Anapu River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Suda (Russian: Суда) is a river in Babayevsky Kaduysky and Cherepovetsky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It flows into the Rybinsk Reservoir of the Volga River. It is 184 kilometres (114 mi) long with a drainage basin of 13500 square kilometres (5200 sq mi) and an average discharge of 134 cubic metres per second (4700 cu ft/s).
 The Pahau River or Pahu River is a river of the north Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It has its origins in the Tekoa Range 25 kilometres northwest of Culverden and flows initially north before turning south to flow down a long valley between two ridges. At the northern edge of the Canterbury Plains it turns southeast flowing past the southern outskirts of Culverden to reach the Hurunui River eight kilometres to the southeast of the town.
 Passower See is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 51.1 m its surface area is 0.36 km².
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 The Hérault (French pronunciation: ​[eʁo]; Occitan: Erau) is a river of southern France. Its length is 148 kilometres (92 mi). Its source is on the slopes of Mont Aigoual in the Cévennes mountains. It reaches the Mediterranean Sea near Agde.
 Knollerbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Kara Lake is a lake in the Potosí Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 4522 m its surface area is 13 km².
 The Sandy River is a very short river in Jonesport Maine. From its source (44°35′02″N 67°34′39″W) the river runs about 1 mile southeast to the coast of Chandler Bay.
 Dolon Pass is a pass located between Songköl Too and Bayduluu Range of the Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan. The pass lies at 3030 metres (9940 ft). The road from Bishkek to Torugart runs over the pass.
 Heidalsmuen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Pistruia Mare River is a headwater of the Pistruia River in Romania.
 Dongaksan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 745 metres.
 The Sierra Sur de Jaén (Southern Range of Jaén) is a mountain range that is part of the central belt of the Baetic System Andalusia Spain. Its name derives from its location in the southwestern part of Jaén Province.
 The Nuevo River (Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Makalaus is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Summit Lake is a lake in the Lassen Volcanic National Park of Shasta County California east of California Route 89 at elevation 6700 ft (2000 m). Two campgrounds named Summit Lake North and Summit Lake South are located adjacent to the lake.
 Pangsau Pass or Pan Saung Pass 3727 feet (1136 m) in altitude lies on the crest of the Patkai Hills on the India-Burma (Myanmar) border. The pass offers one of the easiest routes into Burma from the Assam plains. It is named after the closest Burmese village Pangsau that lies 2 km beyond the pass to the east.
 The Kaukapakapa River is a river of New Zealand's North Island. It flows west reaching the southernmost point of the Kaipara Harbour close to the town of Helensville. The small township of Kaukapakapa lies on the banks of the river some five kilometres from its mouth.
 The Endicott Mountains are a range of mountains part of the Brooks Range in northern Alaska. They are located in the middle of the Brooks range and run some 151 miles (243 km) east–west. To the east are the Philip Smith Mountains and to the west are the Schwatka Mountains. The Endicott Mountains are separated from the Philip Smith Mountains by the Middle Fork of the Koyukuk River the Dalton Highway and Atigun Pass.
 Fridolfinger See is a lake in Alpenvorland Bavaria Germany. Its surface area is 3 ha.
 The Spitzmeilen is a mountain of the Glarus Alps lying on the border between the Swiss cantons of Glarus and St. Gallen. It lies between the valleys of Schilstal and Sernftal.
 Meall a' Bhùiridh is a mountain on the edge of Rannoch Moor in the Highlands of Scotland. It lies near the top of Glen Coe and Glen Etive overlooking the Kings House Hotel inn and the A82 road.
 Maly Kub (Russian: Малый Куб) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Veslyana River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 15 km.
 Bueno River (Spanish: Río Bueno) is a river in southern Chile. It originates in Ranco Lake and like most of Chile rivers it drains into the Pacific Ocean at the southern boundary of the Valdivian Coastal Reserve. Its lower flow forms the border between Osorno Province and Ranco Province. The river passes through Río Bueno commune and city that takes name from the river.The major tributaries of the Bueno River are the Pilmaiquén River and the Rahue River joining the river from the south.
 Ladder Creek is a 230-mile-long (370 km) stream that flows from a source in Cheyenne County Colorado to a confluence with the Smoky Hill River in Logan County Kansas.Ladder Creek also known locally as Beaver Creek was named by a surveying party who found a ladder imbedded in the grass by the creek almost hidden. When they tried to pull it out it broke to pieces. It was a great mystery what use a ladder could be to any one out there.
 The Birnlücke (2665 m AA) is the border pass at the western end of the Hohe Tauern mountains in Austria between the Venediger Group and the adjoining Zillertal Alps. The border between Austria and Italy has run over the pass since 1919.
 Schönberg is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps north-east of the village of Steg with a height of 2104 metres (6903 ft).
 The Săcele River is a river in Romania tributary of the Black Sea Lake Tuzla.
 The Ulhas River is a river of western India. It originates near Karjat in the Western Ghats Range and flows westward through Raigad and Thane districts of Maharashtra between Kulgaon-Badlapur north to Ulhasnagar (to which it gives its name) and on to Kalyan where it turns west to Thane. Near Raw water pump house of MIDC Jambhul the river meets Barvi Dam discharge water also called as Barvi River. The conflunce is a tourist and fishing hub for villagers around.
 Namata River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Currais Novos River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Santa Margarita River is a short intermittent river on the Pacific coast of southern California in the United States approximately 30.9 miles (49.7 km) long. One of the last free-flowing rivers in southern California it drains an arid region of the Coast Ranges between Los Angeles and San Diego at the southern end of the Santa Ana Mountains.
 The Gâmboasa River is a tributary of the Sineşti River in Romania.
 The Worcester and Birmingham Canal is a canal linking Birmingham and Worcester in England. It starts in Worcester as an 'offshoot' of the River Severn (just after the river lock) and ends in Gas Street Basin in Birmingham. It is 29 miles (47 km) long.There are 58 locks in total on the canal including the 30 Tardebigge Locks one of the largest lock flights in Europe. The canal climbs 428 feet (130 m) from Worcester to Birmingham.
 The Viforâta River is a tributary of the Motnău River in Romania.
 Tuy River is a river of northern Venezuela in the Valles del Tuy region of Miranda State. The principal river of Miranda it flows north from Aragua State through Miranda into the Caribbean Sea. Tributaries include the Guaire River the principal river of Caracas and the Caucagua River.Towns on the Tuy River include Cúa and Ocumare del Tuy.
 Hochtannberg (el. 1676 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Vorarlberg.It connects the Lech River valley near Warth with the valley of the Bregenzer Ache near Schoppernau. It is traversed by the Bregenzerwaldstraße (B 200). It connects the Allgäu Alps to the headwaters of the Lech.
 Weston Bay is an inlet of the Bristol Channel in North Somerset England.It lies between Brean Down which is now owned by the National Trust is rich in wildlife history and archaeology and has been designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest to the south and Worlebury Hill to the north. Quarrying took place at various places on Worlebury Hill from the late 18th century until the town quarry was abandoned in 1953.
 Penrose Peak is a mountain in the Cour d'Alene Mountains of the Rocky Mountains in Montana United States.
 The Izbândiș River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania.'
 The Munțișor River is a tributary of the Valea lui Stan in Romania.
 The Năjila River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
 Holderen is a lake on the border between Sweden and Norway. The Norwegian part (1.83 square kilometres or 0.71 square miles) is located inside Blåfjella–Skjækerfjella National Park in the municipality of Snåsa in Nord-Trøndelag county and the Swedish part (6.44 square kilometres or 2.49 square miles) is located in the municipality of Åre in Jämtland County. The lake lies about 3 kilometres (2 mi) south of the lake Grøningen.
 The Roncador River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Ardeth Lake is an alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 18 miles (29 km) south of Stanley.
 Bistricë (definite: Bistrica) is a river in southwestern Albania. It is the only river in Albania which ends in the Ionian Sea and not in the Adriatic.
 Almost-a-Dog Mountain (8922 ft (2719 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The mountain is named for a Blackfoot warrior Almost A Dog or Imazí-imita who was a survivor of the 1870 Marias Massacre. Although his entire family perished in the attack he survived but was crippled for life. He also survived the so-called Winter of Starvation in 1883-84.
 Wolgastsee is a lake in Usedom Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of -0.6 m its surface area is 0.47 km².
 Popolopen is the name of several related landmarks mainly within the Hudson Highlands of Orange County New York. These include a mountain Popolopen Torne—or simply The Torne and a short and steep-sided nearby valley officially called Hell Hole but often Popolopen Gorge. Popolopen Creek runs through this valley. The Popolopen Bridge spans its mouth at the Hudson River and is crossed by Route 9W. Popolopen Lake feeds the headwaters of its namesake creek.
 The Taylor Range or Herbert Taylor Range is a mountain range on the western edge of Brisbane Queensland Australia. It was first named The Glenmorrison Range by John Oxley during his exploration of the area in January 1824.The range is an eastern spur at the southern end of the D'Aguilar Range. Most of the range is covered by two protected areas Mount Coot-tha Reserve and the most southern section of Brisbane Forest Park. Sir Samuel Griffith Drive is the only road over the range.
 Shawano Lake is a lake situated in Shawano County in northeastern Wisconsin. Shawano Lake is a hard water drainage lake with multiple inlets and one major outlet the Wolf River. A dam on the Wolf River located in the City of Shawano raises the water levels of Shawano Lake. Shawano Lake is approximately 6178 acres (25.00 km2) with an average depth of approximately 9 feet (2.7 m) and a maximum depth of approximately 42 feet (13 m). The shoreline length is estimated at 18 miles (29 km).
 Sgùrr Eilde Mòr is a Scottish mountain situated in the Mamores range 6 kilometres north-east of Kinlochleven. It is a steep conical peak of scree and quartzite boulders capped with a layer of schist. With a height of 1010 m (3314 ft) it is classed as a Munro so is popular with hillwalkers.
 Leimbach (Dhünn) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Chitokaniushi (チトカニウシ山 Chitokaniushi-san) is the second tallest mountain in the Kitami Mountains. It is located on the border of Kamikawa and Engaru Hokkaidō Japan.
 Backlund is a worn lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon beyond the eastern limb. It lies astride the southern rim of the walled plain Pasteur to the west of the crater Hilbert. Further to the west-southwest is Sklodowska. The north and south ends of Backlund are more worn and eroded than the intervening stretches. The interior floor is relatively flat with the usual accompaniment of tiny impact craters marking the surface.
 The Kekerengu River is a river of New Zealand's northeastern South Island. It flows mainly through the area of rough hill country immediately to the north of the end of the Seaward Kaikoura Range reaching the Pacific Ocean at Kekerengu a small settlement halfway between the township of Ward and the mouth of the Clarence River.
 Heymans is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northern part of the Moon on the far side from the Earth. It lies between the craters Poinsot to the north and Hippocrates slightly farther to the south. To the southeast of Heymans is the larger Mezentsev.This crater has been worn by subsequent impacts but retains the general appearance of its original form. At the north end a small crater overlies the rim and there are smaller impacts across the rim to the east and south.
 Hrast Lake is a lake of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located in the municipality of Glamoč.
 North Fork Pound Reservoir (also known as North Fork of Pound Lake) is a reservoir in Wise County Virginia. It was impounded from the North Fork of Pound River in 1966 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
 Arroyo del Valle or Arroyo Valle is a 36.4-mile-long (58.6 km) westward-flowing stream that begins in northeastern Santa Clara County California and flows northwesterly into Alameda County where it is dammed to form Lake Del Valle. After that Arroyo del Valle is tributary to Arroyo de la Laguna which in turn flows into Alameda Creek and thence to San Francisco Bay.
 The Oparau River is a river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southwest from its sources in the Pirongia Forest Park and flows into the Kawhia Harbour five kilometres east of Kawhia.
 Gughe or Guge is a mountain located near the city of Arba Minch and the Abaya Lake in Ethiopia.
 Nilakka is a rather large lake in Northern Savonia Finland. With the area of nearly 169 km² it is the 25th largest lake in the country. It's a shallow lake connected by canals to upper Lake Pielavesi and lower Iisvesi.
 Triple Divide Peak (8020 feet (2444 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. It is a hydrological apex of the North American continent where the Great and Laurentian divides meet at the summit of the peak.
 The Pir Panjal Range is a group of mountains in the Inner Himalayan region running from east-southeast (ESE) to west-northwest (WNW) across the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh and the disputed territories comprising Indian administered Jammu and Kashmir and Pakistan administered Azad Kashmir where the average elevation varies from 1400 m (4600 ft) to 4100 m (13500 ft). The Himalayas show a gradual elevation towards the Dhauldhar and Pir Panjal ranges.
 Llyn Brianne is a man-made lake or reservoir in the headwaters of the River Tywi in central Wales.
 Coyote Creek is a principal tributary of the San Gabriel River in northwest Orange County southeast Los Angeles County and southwest Riverside County in the U.S. state of California. It drains a land area of roughly 41.3 square miles (107 km2) covering five major cities including Brea Buena Park Fullerton La Habra and La Palma. Some major tributaries of the creek in the highly urbanized watershed include Brea Creek Fullerton Creek and Carbon Creek.
 Foel Cwm Sian Llŵyd is a subsidiary summit of Cyrniau Nod in north east Wales. It forms a part of the Berwyn range known as the Hirnantau. Its summit has the Snowdonia National Park boundary running through it and is the most easterly 2000 ft summit in the park.The views from the summit are extensive if unremarkable due to the featureless flat moorland surroundings. The summit is marked by a trig point. At the northern end of the summit area lies a runied stone tower.
 The Pârâul Rece is a tributary of the Sălard River in Romania.
 The Waikoropupu River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally northeast to reach the Takaka River close to the town of Takaka.
 Graham Peak at 8867 feet (2703 m) above sea level is the fourth highest peak in the Albion Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in the City of Rocks National Reserve and Cassia County less than 0.2 mi (0.32 km) south of the Sawtooth National Forest border. It is located 5.13 mi (8.26 km) south-southwest of Cache Peak. Forest road 707 lead directly to the summit.
 The Zănoguța River is a tributary of the Judele River in Romania.
 Trubach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 High Stile is a mountain in the western part of the Lake District in northwest England. It is the eleventh highest English Marilyn standing 807 metres (2648 ft) high and has a relative height of 362 metres (1187 ft).It is the highest in the range of fells extending north west from Great Gable towards Loweswater and together with its satellites Red Pike and High Crag forms a trio of fells overlooking the lake and village of Buttermere.
 Goldwater Lake is a reservoir formed by a dam on Bannon Creek located south of Prescott in North Central Arizona. This lake is maintained by the City of Prescott Parks and Recreation department. The park has facilities for picnicking fishing boating hiking volleyball and horseshoes.
 Tangascootack Creek (also known as Scootack or Tangascootac Creek) is a tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River in Clinton County Pennsylvania in the United States.Tangascootack Creek is 8.48 miles (13.65 km) long. The area of the watershed is 36.5 square miles. The creek flows through Beech Creek Township Bald Eagle Township and Colebrook Township. Two of its tributaries are North Fork Tangascootack Creek and Muddy Run. There is also a swamp called Bear Swamp near the headwaters.
 The Rolim de Moura River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Crast' Agüzza (known also as Cresta Güzza) (3869 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Italy and Switzerland.The peak is bounded to the north by the Morteratsch Glacier and to the south by the Upper Scerscen Glacier.
 The Jauaru River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Ohlanga River is a river in KwaZulu-Natal South Africa which empties into the Indian Ocean just north of Umhlanga KwaZulu-Natal north of Durban. The river has extensive reed beds in the estuary at its mouth which is only 7 km further southwest from the mouth of the Mdloti River. Presently this river is part of the Mvoti to Umzimkulu Water Management Area.
 The Manso River is a river of Argentina.
 Nydalasjön previously known as Tavlesjön is a lake in Umeå Sweden. Located a few kilometers outside the central city Nydalasjön is adjacent to the residential areas Mariehem Nydalahöjd and Tomtebo.
 The Black Mallard River also known as Carp Creek is a short river in the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The river is approximately 10 miles (16 km) long and flows into Lake Huron about 15 miles (24 km) east of Cheboygan at 45°32′24″N 84°07′51″W.The Black Mallard rises in Bearinger Township in northwest Presque Isle County and flows mostly east and south into Black Mallard Lake about a mile inland from Lake Huron. Its entire length lies within Bearinger Township.
 Mount Cereme or Mount Ciremai (or Ciremay) is a dominating symmetrical stratovolcano in West Java Indonesia. It is located to the southwest of the major town of Cirebon. Mt Ciremai is strikingly visible towards the south from the main west-east (Jakarta-Surabaya) rail link along the north coast of Java. At the summit of Mt Ciremai there is a 4.5 × 5 km wide caldera. Eruptions are relatively infrequent in historical time but explosive activity and lahars from the summit have been recorded.
 The Tapuio River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Mount Arethusa is a mountain located in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta Canada.It is located alongside Highway 40 immediately east of the Highwood Pass parking lot in Kananaskis Country and is a part of the Misty Range of the Southern Continental Ranges. It is named after the HMS Arethusa a British cruiser sunk in the 1915 Battle of Dogger Bank.Mt. Arethusa and Little Arethusa form the southern wall of the Ptarmigan cirque which is a popular short hike from the Highwood Pass parking lot.
 Lausur is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Saba (Russian: Саба) is a river in Leningrad Oblast Russia a left tributary of Luga River. It is 90 km in length. Area of drainage basin is 1320 km². Its origin is southwestern portion of Krashogorskoye Lake. Main tributaries include:Left: Elemenka Sabitsa Syaberka Kerina Uzminka LuzhinkaRight: Sarka Belka
 The Three Pagodas Pass (Burmese: ဘုရားသုံးဆူ တောင်ကြားလမ်း Burmese pronunciation: [pʰajá θóʊɴ zù tàʊɴ dʑá láɴ]; Thai: ด่านเจดีย์สามองค์ RTGS: Dan Chedi Sam Ong Thai pronunciation: [dàːn tɕeːdiː sǎːm ʔoŋ]) is a pass in the Tenasserim Hills on the border between Thailand and Burma (Myanmar) at an altitude of 282 metres (925 ft) above sea level.
 Piz Paradisin (also known as Pizzo Paradisino) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. With an elevation of 3302 metres (10833 ft) above sea level it is the third highest mountain of the Livigno Alps. On its west side lies a glacier named Vadreit da Camp.
 The Izvorul Tomnatecului River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 Pizzo Lucendro is a 2963-metre (9721 ft) high mountain in the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the cantons of Uri and Ticino. It overlooks St. Gotthard Pass and Lake Lucendro on its east side.
 Lake Owhareiti is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Shannon River is a river located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia. The river rises in the forests to the West of Lake Muir and flows in a southerly direction crossing the South Western Highway just East of Shannon then continuing South through the Shannon National Park before entering the Broke Inlet. The only tributary of the river is Fish Creek. The water quality of the river is excellent fresh and low in sediments.
 The Lugoj River is a tributary of the Dudița River in Romania.
 The Colceag River is a tributary of the Mostiştea River in Romania.
 The Poiana River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 Lake Rhoda on the eastern edge of Jefferson County Colorado in the town of Lakeside between Interstate 70 and West 44th Avenue is a natural lake named after Rhoda Krasner by her father Ben Krasner who rescued Lakeside Amusement Park from bankruptcy during the Great Depression. The lake was originally named West Berkeley Lake.
 Swatara Creek (nicknamed the Swattie) is a 72-mile-long (116 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in east central Pennsylvania in the United States. The name Swatara is said to derive from a Susquehannock word Swahadowry or Schaha-dawa meaning 'where we feed on eels'.It rises in the Appalachian Mountains in central Schuylkill County north of the Sharp Mountain ridge approximately 5 mi (8.0 km) west of Minersville.
 Lade is the remains of a lunar crater that has been flooded by lava. To the north is the crater Godin and in the south-southeast is the worn lava-flooded Saunder.The southern rim of Lade has been completely covered or destroyed and there are gaps in the relatively thin southeast rim. The surviving crater wall is worn and somewhat hexagonal in outline. There is a smaller bowl-shaped crater attached to the interior of the western rim.
 Limavatnet is a lake in the municipality of Gjesdal in Rogaland county Norway. It is connected to Edlandsvatnet at Vaula bru bridge (E39).
 The Höftsee is a lake in the Holstein Switzerland in North Germany.It lies on the River Schwentine east of the town of Plön between the Behler See and the Großer Plöner See.It has an area of about 18 hectares (44 acres) is up to 16 metres deep and lies about 22 m above sea level.There is a watermill on the Höftsee that makes use of the drop between the Höftsee and the Großer Plöner See.The associated weir is impassable to boats.
 The Moonee Ponds Creek is a creek and major tributary of the Yarra River running through urban Melbourne Victoria Australia from northern to inner suburbs. In 2004 a reporter for the Age newspaper described it as arguably the most abused tributary of the Yarra River and part of the true underside of Melbourne.It is rural in its upper sections near Greenvale passing across basalt plains around Woodlands Historic Park just north of Melbourne Airport.
 Holzbach (Auelsbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Nathaniel Mountain is a mountain ridge that runs southwest northeast through Hampshire County in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle rising to its greatest elevation of 2739 feet (835 m) above sea-level. The mountain is bound at its western flank by the South Branch Potomac River and to its eastern flank by South Branch Mountain 3028 feet (923 m).
 The Ošupis is a stream in the west of Lithuania in the municipality Palanga in Klaipėda County in Samogitia. The total length of the stream is 5.4 kilometres (3.4 mi) and the drainage basin area is 7.5 square kilometres (2.9 sq mi).It begins in Kontininkai (in the district of Palanga). It flows at first to the north then from the village Užkanavė to the west and afterward joins the stream Kaniavosis and flows into the Baltic Sea near Užkaniavė (north of Palanga).
 Mount Merbabu (Indonesian: Gunung Merbabu) is a dormant stratovolcano in Central Java province on the Indonesian island of Java. The name Merbabu could be loosely translated as 'Mountain of Ash' from the Javanese combined words; Meru means mountain and awu or abu means ash.The active volcano Mount Merapi is directly adjacent on its south-east side while the city of Salatiga is located on its northern foothills.
 Rio Negro (Portuguese for black river) is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Morro Solar (morro in Spanish means: a rounded promontory) is a headland situated in the district of Chorrillos to the south of Lima Peru. Morro Solar is notable for the historic war between Peru and Chile which took place here between 1879 and 1883. Notable landmarks include an astronomical observatory and a monument to an unknown soldier. Its geological formations are rich in silver which is being extracted by several mining companies.
 The Meares Glacier is a large and only tidewater glacier at the head of Unakwik Inlet in Chugach National Forest Alaska. The glacier is one of the many in Prince William Sound and is about 79.6 miles (128 km) east of Anchorage. The glacier is named for eighteenth century British naval captain John Meares. The face of the glacier is one mile (1.6 km) wide where it calves into the inlet. The glacier is sometimes visited by cruises from Valdez. Meares Glacier is currently advancing.
 Kampar Kanan River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Kampar River.
 The Snapper Creek is a creek in the U.S. state of Florida that drains out of the Everglades into Biscayne Bay at Biscayne National Park. It is a 4-mile (6.4 km) long creek 15 miles (24 km) south of Downtown Miami running through the suburbs of Kendall and Coral Gables in metropolitan Miami. The creek extends from Biscayne Bay inland to the Snapper Creek Canal which extends 10 miles (16 km) further to the Everglades.
 Nojasan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 565 metres.
 Molson Lake is a lake in Northern Region Manitoba Canada and the source of the Hayes River. It is located about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northeast of the community of Norway House.The lake is 45 kilometres (28 mi) long and 22 kilometres (14 mi) wide has an area of 400 square kilometres (154 sq mi) and lies at an elevation of 221 metres (725 ft).
 The Chiriquí River is a river of Panama.
 The Barnsley Canal is a canal that ran from Barnby Basin through Barnsley South Yorkshire England to a junction with the Aire and Calder Navigation near Wakefield. It was 14.5 miles (23.3 km) long and included 15 locks. It was taken over by the Aire and Calder Navigation in 1854 and despite competition from the railways and structural damage from subsidence remained profitable until 1942.
 North Twin (Peak) is one of the two peaks that comprise The Twins massif located at the northeast corner of the Columbia Icefield in Jasper National Park Alberta Canada. The other lower peak is named South Twin (3566 m). North Twin is the third highest peak in the Canadian Rockies after Mount Robson and Mount Columbia.The massif was named The Twins in 1898 by J. Norman Collie and Hugh M. Stutfield.
 Lütsche-Flößgraben is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Dawinkopf is a mountain in Tyrol Austria. At an elevation of 2970 metres (9740 ft) it is the second-highest mountain of the Lechtal Alps and the third highest in the Northern Limestone Alps.
 The Cheia de sub Grind River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
 Kali River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Ravleshvar village . Its basin has a maximum length of 40 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 147 square kilometres (57 sq mi).
 Meadow Lake is a reservoir on the Guadalupe River south of the town of Seguin in Guadalupe County Texas. The reservoir was formed in 1931 by the construction of a dam to provide hydroelectric power to the area. Management of the dam and lake was assumed by the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority on May 1 1963. Meadow Lake also serves as a venue for outdoor recreation including fishing and boating. Meadow Lake is also known locally as Lake Nolte.
 Nitsa River (Russian: Ница́) is a river in the Sverdlovsk Oblast in Russia. It is a tributary of the Tura. The river commences at the junction of the Neyva and the Rezh east of the city Alapayevsk and flows firstly in an easterly and then in southeasterly direction. It has a length of 262 kilometres. However if the Nitsa and Nev'ya are counted as one the river a length of 556 kilometres.
 Foel Wen South Top is a top of Foel Wen in north east Wales. It is one of the summits found on the most easterly of Cadair Berwyn's long south ridges.The summit is grassy and unmarked. To the north lies Tomle while to the south lies its Mynydd Tarw.
 Koser is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Semerwater is the second largest natural lake in North Yorkshire England after Malham Tarn. It is half a mile (800 m) long covers 100 acres (0.40 km2) and lies in Raydale opposite England's shortest river the River Bain. A private pay and display parking area is at the foot of the lake.Semerwater attracts canoers windsurfers yachtsmen and fishermen.
 The Cascade Range (or Cascades) is a major mountain range of western North America extending from southern British Columbia through Washington and Oregon to Northern California. It includes both non-volcanic mountains such as the North Cascades and the notable volcanoes known as the High Cascades. The small part of the range in British Columbia is referred to as the Canadian Cascades or locally as the Cascade Mountains.
 The Cabajchum River is a river of Guatemala.
 Upernavik Glacier (Greenlandic: Sermeq Danish: Upernavik isstrøm) is a large tidewater glacier in the Qaasuitsup municipality on the northwestern shore of Greenland. It drains a large portion of the Greenland ice sheet westwards into Upernavik Icefjord.
 Michaelsberg (Gundelsheim) is a mountain near Gundelsheim Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Macula (pl. maculae) is the Latin word for 'spot'. It is used in planetary geology to refer to unusually dark areas on the surface of a planet or moon. They are seen on the icy surfaces of Jupiter's moon Europa and Neptune's moon Triton. The term was adopted for planetary geology when high resolution pictures of Europa revealed unusual new surface features.
 The Luy is a left tributary of the Adour in the Landes in the Southwest of France.
 Gravdalstinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Stout Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Stout Lake is 1.25 mi (2.01 km) southwest of Wilcox Lakes.
 Skorradalsvatn is a lake in the west of Iceland. It is situated in a narrow valley between the Hvalfjörður and the valley Reykholtsdalur (see Reykholt). Its length is about 15 km.Around the lake there are some high mountains for example Skarðsheiði. People are often surprised when they see the shores of the lake which are quite forested. That is due to reforestation that was started by a governmental initiative.
 Pine Street Pond is a 17-acre (69000 m2) pond in Duxbury Massachusetts. The pond is located southeast of Lower Chandler Pond and northeast of Reeds Millpond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants in the pond. The pond is hydro logically associated with a cranberry bog operation located to the west of the pond. An unnamed brook heading west through the cranberry bog and ultimately leading to Pine Brook is the outflow of the pond.
 The Cârligele River is a tributary of the Văsălatu River in Romania.
 Queechy Lake is a lake in Canaan Columbia County New York. Situated near the Massachusetts state border the lake is 40 feet (12 m) deep and contains a surface area of 141 acres (0.57 km2). The name comes from the Native American Mahican name Quis-sich-kook of unknown meaning.The lake is located near two major roads New York State Route 295 and New York State Route 22.
 The Mardyke (sometimes but less frequently Mar Dyke occasionally Mardike) is a small river mainly in Thurrock that flows into the River Thames at Purfleet close to the Queen Elizabeth II Bridge. In part it forms the boundary between the Essex hundreds of Barstable and Chafford. The river gives its name to the Mardyke Valley—a project aimed at increasing appreciation and usage of recreational land around the Mardyke.
 Lake Sugema [Pronounced sōō•jē’•mə](+40° 41' 22.85 -91° 59' 39.01) is a man-made 574-acre (2.32 km2) lake 3 miles (4.8 km) southwest of Keosauqua Van Buren County in southeast Iowa United States. It is located south of the Des Moines River west of State Highway 1 and north of State Highway 2.The maximum depth of the lake is 34 feet (10 m) with a mean depth 9.3 feet (2.8 m) and drainage of 11480 acres (46.5 km2). The lake was designed as a high quality fishing lake.
 Càrn Mòr is a mountain on the edge of the Rough Bounds of Knoydart in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland. At a height of 829 metres (2720 ft) it is classified as a Corbett whilst its prominence of 613 metres (2011 ft) means it is also classified as a Marilyn. It is located in the Glen Dessary area approximately 26 kilometres (16 mi) from Fort William.
 The Cuțitura River is a tributary of the Măgura River in Romania.
 Copper Mountain is the highest mountain in the Copper Mountains of northern Elko County Nevada. It is located within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
 Lake Sacajawea is formed by the Ice Harbor Dam on the Snake River. It stretches from there upstream to the Lower Monumental Dam. It is named for Sacajawea a Shoshone woman who accompanied Meriwether Lewis and William Clark during their exploration of the American West.
 The Pacolet River is a tributary of the Broad River about 50 miles (80 km) long in northwestern South Carolina in the United States. One of its principal headwaters tributaries also drains a small portion of western North Carolina. Via the Broad and Congaree Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Santee River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean. The stream's name has also been spelled historically as Pacolate River.
 Mount Kaplan is a massive mountain the highest in the Hughes Range of Antarctica standing 5 km (3 mi) southeast of Mount Wexler.The mountain was discovered and photographed by Admiral Byrd on the Baselaying Flight of November 18 1929 and surveyed by A.P. Crary in 1957–58. Crary named it for Joseph Kaplan the chairman of the U.S. National Committee for the IGY 1957–58.
 Mount McGregor is a mountain in Saratoga County New York in the towns of Wilton Moreau and Corinth. It is one of the principal peaks of the Palmertown Range. There are two lakes on the mountain Lake Bonita and Lake Anna which were previously used for fishing.
 Divis (from Irish Dubhais meaning black back) is a large mountain and area of sprawling moorland to the north-west of Belfast in County Antrim Northern Ireland. The mountain is 478 m (1568 ft) tall making it the highest of the Belfast Hills.
 North Fork Little Thompson River is a tributary of the Little Thompson River in Larimer County Colorado. It flows southeast from a source in Roosevelt National Forest to a confluence with the Little Thompson.
 The Knott is a fell in the English Lake District standing above Hayeswater in the Far Eastern Fells. It is an outlier of Rampsgill Head being the high point of the ridge from there to Rest Dodd.
 The Bamboesberg is a mountain range in the Eastern Cape South Africa. This range was named for the bamboo Thamnocalamus tessellatus growing in its ravines.The Bamboesberg is an outlier of the Stormberg Mountains and part of the range is seen parallel to and east of the road linking Hofmeyr and Tarkastad. Some of its peaks are over 6000 feet (1800 m) – Aasvoëlberg 35 km west of Sterkstroom rises to 7245 feet (2208 m).
 The Río Achiguate is a river in the south of Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range on the southern slopes of the Volcán de Fuego in the departments of Sacatepéquez and Escuintla. The river flows southwards through the coastal lowlands of Escuintla to the Pacific Ocean.The Achiquate river's proximity to the active Fuego volcano increases the risks of inundations and mudflows.
 Tupana River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Mount Capps is a 10551-foot (3216 m) mountain in the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve southwest of Mount McKinley on a ridge between McKinley and Mount Crosson close to Kahiltna Dome and at the heads of Peters Glacier and Kahiltna Glacier. Mount Capps was named in 1952 by after U.S. Geological Survey geologist Stephen Reid Capps.
 Salhøa is a mountain in Dovrefjell–Sunndalsfjella National Park in Norway located on the border between the municipalities Sunndal in Møre og Romsdal and Lesja in Oppland. Salhøa is reached most easily by hiking from Grøvudalen in the north. Surrounding mountains all within three kilometres include Grøvudalstinden (1844 m) to the west Steinkollen (1881 m) to the north and Storskrymten (1985 m) to the north-west.
 Oshiwara River is a river in Mumbai India. It begins in the Aarey Milk Colony cuts through the Goregaon hills across the Aarey Milk Colony before emptying into the Malad Creek. On the way it is joined by another creek near Swami Vivekanand Road before picking up industrial effluents and sewage while crossing the Oshiwara industrial estates and slums of Andheri. The river is highly polluted and encroachments have shrunk it to a narrow stream.
 Eskilstunaån (Eskilstuna River) is a small river in Sweden length 32 km running through the city of Eskilstuna and the town of Torshälla in Södermanland County. The river drains Lake Hjälmaren into Lake Mälaren.
 Prinz is the lava-flooded remains of a lunar crater on the Oceanus Procellarum. The formation lies to the southwest of the prominent crater Aristarchus. To the north-northeast is the flooded crater Krieger.The rim of Prinz is the most intact in its northeastern half while a large gap exists in the southern end of the crater wall. The rim climbs to a maximum height of 1.0 km above the base.
 Großer Priepertsee is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. It is situated in the district of Mecklenburgische Seenplatte.
 The Gunn River is a river on the West Coast of New Zealand. It starts in the Price Range in Westland Tai Poutini National Park and flows east into the Whataroa River which eventually drains into the Tasman Sea.
 Rincon Bayou is in the Nueces River delta and located northwest of Corpus Christi. The Rincon Bayou is subject to freshwater inundation following seasonal rainfall events farther inland along the Nueces River. The freshwater inundation provides the bayou with nutrients and enough freshwater to remove the saline water from the estuarine system.
 Triton Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in Norwegian Bay off Devon Island's Grinnell Peninsula. Bere Bay is to the northwest.
 not to be confused with Fan Fraith a few miles further east in the Fforest Fawr rangeFoel Fraith is a hill in the Black Mountain in the county of Carmarthenshire southwest Wales. It lies within the Brecon Beacons National Park and Fforest Fawr Geopark. Its plateau-like summit attains a height of 602 metres (1975 ft) above sea level.
 Eudoxus is a prominent lunar impact crater that lies to the east of the northern tip of the Montes Caucasus range. It is located to the south of the prominent crater Aristoteles in the northern regions of the visible Moon. To the south is the ruined formation of Alexander and the small crater Lamèch lies to the southwest.The rim of Eudoxus has a series of terraces on the interior wall and slightly worn ramparts about the exterior.
 Myklebustbreen or Snønipbreen is the seventh largest glacier in mainland Norway. It is located in the municipalities of Jølster Gloppen and Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county. Its highest point is located just below the nunatak Snønipa with an altitude of 1827 metres (5994 ft).
 Galena Summit is a high mountain pass in central Idaho United States at an elevation of 8701 feet (2652 m) above sea level. The pass is located in the Boulder Mountains in the northwest corner of Blaine County within the Sawtooth National Recreation Area of the Sawtooth National Forest.The summit is on State Highway 75 the Sawtooth Scenic Byway and is 29 miles (47 km) northwest of Ketchum and the Sun Valley ski resort.
 Grønvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Skjåk in Oppland county Norway within the mountain range Tafjordfjella.
 Nandongo River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Riffelsee is an alpine lake above the town of Zermatt in the canton of Valais Switzerland. It lies below the Riffelhorn at an elevation of 2757 m and has a surface area of 0.45 ha. The lake can be reached from Rotenboden railway station (2815 m) on the Gornergratbahn mountain railway.
 The Pângărăcior River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Lac de Tseuzier is an artificial lake in the canton of Valais Switzerland. It is located in the municipalities of Ayent and Icogne. The reservoir has a volume of 51 mio m³ and a surface area of 0.85 km². It was formed by the dams of Zeuzier (156 m) and Proz-Riond (20 m) built in 1957.
 Prehistoric Lake Cahuilla (also known as Lake LeConte and Blake Sea) was an extensive freshwater lake that filled the Coachella Imperial and Mexicali valleys of southeastern California and northeastern Baja California during the centuries prior to Spanish entry into the region.
 Great End is the most northerly mountain in the Scafell chain in the English Lake District. From the south it is simply a lump continuing this chain.From the north however it appears as an immense mountain with an imposing north face rising above Sprinkling Tarn (lake).
 The Antigua River is a river of Mexico.
 The Behn River or Behm River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. The river rises on the Northern Territory and Western Australia border. The river then flows in a north-easterly direction through Behn Gorge and discharges into Lake Argyle. The tributary with the Ord River was the site of the original Argyle Downs homestead.
 Mühlenau (Bekau) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Ulindi River is a tributary of the Lualaba River in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). There is a proposal to build a hydroelectric power plant on the river to power a gold mining project.
 Tolimán is a stratovolcano in Guatemala on the southern shores of Lago de Atitlán. The volcano has an elevation of 3158 m (10361 ft) and was formed near the southern margin of the Pleistocene Atitlán III caldera. The top of the volcano has a shallow crater and its flanks are covered with the thick remains of ancient lavas flows that emerged from vents in the volcano's flanks.
 Budd Lake is a 175-acre (0.7 km2) lake in Clare County in the central region of Michigan's lower peninsula. Wilson State Park a 36-acre wooded area with 160 campsites borders the lake to the northwest with a sandy beach.
 Bulge Lake is a 12 acre lake in Cook County Minnesota which is tributary to the Poplar River. Bulge Lake reaches a maximum depth of 19 feet in a sudden depression just west of the mouth of the stream leading to Dogtrot Lake. Bulge lake is accessible through portages to Silver Lake and Dogtrot Lake. A fisheries survey turned up populations of walleye northern pike yellow perch and white suckers.
 Nevado Juncal is a mountain in located at the head of Aconcagua Valley on the border between Chile and Argentina. The mountain hosts several glaciers including Juncal Norte and Juncal Sur Glacier.
 The Salobra River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Congo River (Ecuador) is a river of Ecuador.
 The Diverting Reservoir (also known as Croton Falls Diverting) is a small reservoir in the town of Southeast New York in Putnam County immediately south of the village of Brewster New York. Sited about 50 miles (80 km) north of New York City it is part of the City's Croton Watershed. Construction impounding the East Branch of the Croton River began early in the 20th century and was completed by 1911.
 Winnisquam Lake is located in Belknap County in central New Hampshire in the communities of Meredith Laconia Sanbornton Belmont and Tilton. At 4238 acres (1715 ha) it is the fourth-largest lake located entirely in New Hampshire. The lake is primarily fed by the outlet from Lake Winnipesaukee and Winnisquam's outlet is the Winnipesaukee River flowing to the Merrimack River.
 Homestake Pass is a mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of Montana in the United States.
 Lago di Caprolace is a lake in the Province of Latina Lazio Italy. At an elevation of 1 m its surface area is 2.3 km².
 The Margaret River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The river was named on 29 May 1879 by the explorer Alexander Forrest during an expedition in the Kimberley area after his sister-in-law Margaret Elvire Forrest wife of his brother John Forrest who was later to be Premier of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the King Leopold Range West of Halls Creek and flows in a westerly until it merges with the Fitzroy River of which it is a tributary.
 The Valea Chiliilor River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Running through Part of Wise County Virginia and through Dickenson County Virginia The Pound River is a river in the U.S. state of Virginia. It runs from the North Fork Pound Reservoir to the John W. Flannagan Dam. Via the Russell Fork the Levisa Fork the Big Sandy River and the Ohio River it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 Gloška planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Глошка планина) is a mountain in southeastern Serbia near the town of Bosilegrad. Its highest peak Mečit has an elevation of 1756 m (5761 ft) above sea level.
 Ferguson Lake (Inuinnaqtun: Tahiryuaq or Tahikyoak) is located on southern Victoria Island in the Kitikmeot Region of Nunavut in northern Canada.
 Nara River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Paneli (Walka) village. Its basin has a maximum length of 25 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 233 square kilometres (90 sq mi).
 Glattbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Cerro del Nacimiento is an Andean volcano of the Cordillera de la Ramada range in the Catamarca Province of Argentina. Its summit is 6436 metres (21115 ft) above sea level.
 The New Range is a mountain range in Mono County California.
 Kootenay Lake is a lake located in British Columbia Canada and is part of theKootenay River. The lake has been raised by the Corra Linn Dam and has a dike system at the southern end which along with industry in the 1950s-70s has changed the ecosystem in and around the water. Kootenay Lake has a year round toll-free ferry that crosses between Kootenay Bay and Balfour and is a popular summer tourist destination.
 The Râul Viilor is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Waikawau River is a river of the Waitomo District in the southern Waikato Region. It flows generally west from the Herangi Range to reach the North Taranaki Bight 20 kilometres north of Mokau.
 The Cossatot River is an 89-mile-long (143 km) river in the U.S. state Arkansas.Cossatot comes from the French cassé-tête which translates roughly to skull crusher.
 Eve Cone is a well-preserved black cinder cone on the Big Raven Plateau British Columbia Canada. It is one of the 30 cinder cones on the flanks of the massive shield volcano of Mount Edziza that formed in the year 700 making it one of the most recent eruptions on the Big Raven Plateau and in Canada. Eve Cone stands by itself in the middle of the Desolation Lava Field and its distinctive shape can be seen from a long distance.
 The Vuache is a range of hills in eastern France close to the border with Switzerland (the nearest city is in fact Geneva). To the north lies the Jura and to the south the Alps.At their northern end the hills drop steeply down to the River Rhône. The Vuache Tunnel carrying the A40 Geneva to Lyon motorway cuts through the hills.The oak woodlands along the northwest edge of the Vuache support very high densities of Western Bonelli's Warblers and Eurasian Eagle Owl nest on the cliffs here.
 Marth is a small lunar crater located in the northwest part of the Palus Epidemiarum. To the northwest is the crater Dunthorne and to the southwest lies Ramsden. This feature lies in a system of rilles named the Rimae Ramsden and an interrupted branch passes only a few kilometers to the south of the rim.Marth is unusual for having a double rim with a smaller inner crater concentric to the outer rim.
 The Col d'Agnes (el. 1570 m or 5150 ft) is a high mountain pass in the French Pyrenees in the department of Ariège between the communities of Aulus-les-Bains (west) Massat (north) and Vicdessos (east).
 Gjallica is the highest mountain (2489 m (8166 ft)) in the region of Kukës Albania part of the Dinaric Alps. It lies 8 km (5 mi) southeast of the city of Kukës having a cap covered by snow up to June when the winters are cold and snowy. It has thick vegetation of pines and beeches on high altitude but sparse vegetation on the foot of the mountain due to the now closed plant that emitted harmful gases for the vegetation close to it.
 Saudehornet is a mountain that is located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) north of the village of Ørsta in the municipality of Ørsta in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 1303-metre (4275 ft) is a very popular though steep destination for skiing in the Sunnmørsalpene range. It is located just north of the E39 highway about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the Ørsta-Volda Airport Hovden and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south of the village of Vartdal.
 South River is a 61.3-mile-long (98.7 km) river in Iowa. It is a small river and very seldom is wider than 30 feet (9 m) or deeper than 5 feet (1.5 m).It flows into the Des Moines River and so subsequently into Lake Red Rock.
 Munroe Lake is a lake in northern Manitoba near the provincial boundary with Nunavut Canada.
 The Valea Găinii River is a headwater of the Pârâul lui Coman in Romania.
 Källtorpssjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Lady Evelyn River is a river in Nipissing Sudbury and Timiskaming Districts Ontario Canada. The river begins at the confluence of the North and South Lady Evelyn Rivers and flows to its mouth at the Montreal River.
 The Drăculea River is a tributary of the Milăşelu River in Romania.
 The 'Schwemser Spitze or Oberettespitze (Italian: Punta d'Oberettes) is a mountain in the Saldurkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Sky Pilot Creek is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Northern Manitoba Canada. It flows from Sky Pilot Lake to the Nelson River which it enters as a left tributary immediately downstream of the Long Spruce Generating Station and dam. It passes twice under Manitoba Provincial Road 280: once near its source and once just before its mouth.
 Cadbury Hill is a small hill mostly in the civil parish of Congresbury overlooking the village of Yatton in North Somerset. On its summit stands an Iron Age hill fort which is a Scheduled Ancient Monument.
 The Kallawaya mountain range (hispanicized spelling Carabaya) lies in the Andes of Peru. It extends between 14°00' and 14°22'S and 69°38' and 70°19'W for about 75 km. It is located in the Puno Region Carabaya Province between the Willkanuta mountain range in the northwest and the Apolobamba mountain range in the southeast north and northeast of the town Makusani.The highest mountain in the range is Allin Qhapaq at 5780 metres (18963 ft).
 Mitchell is a lunar crater named after Maria Mitchell which is attached to the eastern rim of the larger and more prominent crater Aristoteles. The floor of Mitchell is rough and irregular with a low central rise being partially filled with the ejecta of the younger Aristoteles. There is a slight notch in the southern rim and the western wall has been completely absorbed by the rim of Aristoteles.
 Edna Lake is an alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 17 miles (27 km) southwest of Stanley and 14.5 miles (23.3 km) southeast of Grandjean.
 Lake Apanás is a reservoir located in the north of Nicaragua. It is created by Mancotal Dam on the Río Tuma to the north of Jinotega. The reservoir has an area of 51 square kilometers.It is a source of much of nation's hydropower for the Centro América Plant.
 Buakollen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Maligne Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located directly southeast of Jasper townsite in Jasper National Park Canada.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 The Stillaguamish River is a river in northwest Washington in the United States. It is mainly composed of two forks the longer North Fork Stillaguamish (45 miles (72 km)) and the South Fork Stillaguamish. The two forks join near Arlington. From there the Stillaguamish River proper flows for 22 miles (35 km) to Puget Sound. The river's watershed drains part of the Cascade Range north of Seattle.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Pârâul lui Chirică is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Lago Trearie is a small lake in the Parco Naturale del Nebrodi in the Province of Catania northeast of Sicily island Italy.
 Copper Mountain is a mountain in Banff National Park 20 km (12 mi) north of the town of Banff. The mountain was named in 1884 by George M. Dawson after he had climbed to a mining site setup by Joe Healy and J.S. Dennis in 1881. Healy and Dennis claimed they had found a copper deposit at the site. It was also at this point that Dawson spotted and named Mount Assiniboine.The mountain is located on the western side of the Trans-Canada Highway just northeast of Redearth Creek.
 The Răchițeasca River is a tributary of the Pârâul Omului in Romania
 The Yunes is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Neteda River is a tributary of the Păscoaia River in Romania.
 The Dom is a mountain in the Pennine Alps above Saas Fee in the canton of Valais. With its 4545 m (14911 ft) summit it is the third highest peak in the Alps and the second highest in Switzerland.
 The Blake Falls Reservoir is a reservoir in the Adirondack Park in Parishville New York. It is a popular recreational fishing spot stocked with brown bullhead northern pike smallmouth bass walleye and yellow perch.
 Karikachi Pass (狩勝峠 Karikachi-tōge) is a mountain pass at the north end of the Hidaka Mountains of Hokkaidō Japan. The pass traverses the mountains at 644 metres (2113 ft) and is 21 kilometres (13.0 mi) long. The road is 5.5 metres (18.0 ft) wide with a maximum grade of 5.3%. The minimum curve radius is 90 metres (300 ft). Snow is possible on the pass from October to May. Japan National Route 38 crosses the pass between Minamifurano and Shintoku.
 Sherman Summit elevation 8640 ft (2630 m) is a mountain pass on the crest of the Laramie Mountains in Albany County Wyoming between the cities of Cheyenne and Laramie. While not a particularly rugged mountain crossing it holds special significance as the highest point along the entire length of transcontinental Interstate 80.
 The Bângăleasa River is a tributary of the Turcu River in Romania. It strats at the junction of headwaters Bucşa and Grohotişul
 The Valea Păișului River is a tributary of the Tămaşul river in Romania.
 Levantine Sea is the name of the easternmost part of the Mediterranean Sea.
 The Valdivia River or Río Valdivia as it is known locally is a major river in southern Chile. It is the continuation of the Calle-Calle River from the point where it meets the Cau-Cau River in the city of Valdivia. The Valdivia river ends in Corral Bay on the Pacific coast. Other tributaries are the Cruces River the Tornagaleones River and the Futa River. Pedro de Valdivia Bridge crosses the river in downtown Valdivia.
 Finnknevatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. The water flows out of the lake to the north into the lake Hundålvatnet. It is located just north of the Lomsdal–Visten National Park.
 Curtis Lake is a lake in Clark County in the U.S. state of Washington. The lake near the confluence of Salmon Creek and Lake River is northwest of the community of Felida.The lake is home to two nonindigenous aquatic species; Perca flavescens (yellow perch) and Pomoxis annularis (white crappie).
 Santa Clara Volcano is a volcanic field and lava flow in southwest Utah. The most prominent features are two cinder cones that rise above Snow Canyon. The southern cinder cone and most of the north cinder cone are within the boundaries of Snow Canyon State Park. The city of St. George Utah is located in the volcanic field. The date of the last eruption is unknown.
 Gihtsejiegŋa is one of the largest glaciers in mainland Norway. It is located in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of the village of Kjøpsvik on the border with Sweden. The name of the glacier comes from the Lule Sami language. The elevation of the glacier ranges from 1500 to 870 metres (4920 to 2850 ft) above sea level. The highest point of the glacier sits right below the summit of the 1520-metre (4990 ft) tall Bjørntoppen.
 Korolev Crater is a crater in the Mare Boreum quadrangle of Mars located at 73° north latitude and 195.5° west longitude. It is 84.2 km in diameter and was named after Sergey Pavlovich Korolev (1906-1966) the head Soviet rocket engineer and designer during the Space Race in the 1950s and 1960s.
 Mark Twain Lake is located in Ralls County Missouri and Monroe County Missouri. It was created by the Clarence Cannon Dam impounding the Salt River and is located about twenty miles (32 km) southwest of Hannibal. It was named for Missouri author Mark Twain and part of the area around it is Mark Twain State Park. The village of Florida is located next to the lake and was the site of Twain's birth.
 Laguna Aricare is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 180 m its surface area is 10.33 km².
 Barlow Pass is a 4155-foot (1266 m) mountain pass in the Cascades in Oregon on the Oregon Trail and a major milestone of the Barlow Road. It is the crest of the Cascade Mountains: the dividing line between watersheds of the Deschutes River and those that flow into the Sandy River.It is located on the southern flanks of Mount Hood and traversed by Oregon Route 35. Highway 35 and the Barlow Road converge to within 400 ft (125 m) at the pass.
 Bremecke (Hoppecke) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Yuruarí River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Essequibo River basin.
 The Valea lui Ștefănică River is a tributary of the Rătei River in Romania.
 Mavrovo Lake (Macedonian: Мавровско Езеро Mavrovsko ezero) is situated in the Mavrovo region in the Mavrovo and Rostuša municipality of the Republic of Macedonia less than 100 km from Skopje. Abundant with trout Lake Mavrovo is used for recreational activities such as swimming boating and fishing during the summer. An additional point of interest is the half-submerged church in the lake.
 Lamèch is a small lunar impact crater that is located to the southwest of the prominent crater Eudoxus at the eastern edge of the Montes Caucasus range. This is a circular bowl-shaped formation. The inner walls slope down to a small central floor that is about one-fourth the diameter of the crater. This formation is not notably eroded and contains no other features of interest.
 The Rock of Solutré (French: Roche de Solutré) is a limestone escarpment 8 km (5.0 mi) west of Mâcon overlooking the commune of Solutré-Pouilly and an iconic site of the Saône-et-Loire in the south of the Bourgogne in France.
 Lai da Curnera is a reservoir in the municipality of Tujetsch in the Grisons Switzerland. The reservoir is linked to Lai da Sontga Maria and Lai da Nalps in the neighboring valley.
 The Shakhe (Russian: Шахе) also known as the Golovinka (Russian: Головинка) is a river in Khostinsky and Lazarevsky City Districts of the city of Sochi Krasnodar Krai in Russia. It flows down the sloped of the Western Caucasus to the Black Sea. It is 59 kilometres (37 mi) long and the area of its basin 553 square kilometres (214 sq mi). Its main tributary is the Bzych River (left).
 Cima di Gagnone is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps located in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It is located between the valleys of Verzasca and Leventina south of Passo di Gagnone.
 The Valea Fântânii River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 Mount Hua or Hua Shan (simplified Chinese: 华山; traditional Chinese: 華山; pinyin: Huà Shān) or Xiyue (Chinese: 西岳; pinyin: Xīyuè; literally western great mountain) is a mountain located near the city of Huayin in Shaanxi province about 120 kilometres (75 mi) east of Xi'an. It is one of China's Five Great Mountains and has a long history of religious significance.
 Furong Cave (Chinese: 芙蓉洞) is a karst cave located on the banks of the Furong River 20 km (12 mi) from Wulong County town Chongqing People's Republic of China.
 The Plopu River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Sarimbun Reservoir (Chinese: 莎琳汶蓄水池) is one of the four reservoirs in the Western Water Catchment of Singapore.Formerly Sungei Sarimbun it was dammed to create a reservoir and is now part of SAFTI Live Firing Area which has restricted access.
 Ette is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Demminer See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 66.5 m its surface area is 0.087 km².
 Hudson Glacier is located in the US state of Montana in Glacier National Park. The glacier is situated in a cirque immediately to the east of the Continental Divide at an elevation between 7500 feet (2300 m) and 7200 feet (2200 m) above sea level. A half-mile south of Lake Nooney and Lake Wurdeman Hudson Glacier covers an area of approximately 8 acres (0.032 km2) and does not meet the threshold of 25 acres (0.10 km2) often cited as being the minimum size to qualify as an active glacier.
 The Walnut River is a tributary of the Arkansas River 154 miles (248 km) long in the Flint Hills region of Kansas in the United States. Via the Arkansas it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.According to the GNIS the river has also been known in the past as the Little Verdigris River.
 The Valea Buțiului River is a tributary of the Luncoiu River in Romania.
 Crater Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from an old dirt road along Livingston Creek.Crater Lake is just north of the Chinese Wall and is surrounded by several old mines.
 The Bad Heart River is a short river in northern Alberta Canada. It is a tributary of the Smoky River.It originates in the Saddle Hills of the Peace River Country north of Sexsmith and south of Rycroft at an elevation of 930 m (3050 ft). After descending the slopes of the Saddle Hills ith is crosses by Highway 2 then flows north-eastward.
 The Valea Groșilor River is a tributary of the Molivișu River in Romania.
 The Loboc River is a river in the Bohol province of the Philippines. It is one of the major tourist destinations of Bohol.
 The Lenzerhorn (also spelled Lenzer Horn) is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located east of Lenzerheide in the canton of Graubünden. It has an elevation of 2906 metres and is after the Aroser Rothorn the second highest peak of the Plessur Alps.
 Atlasov Island known in Russian as Ostrov Atlasova (Остров Атласова) or in Japanese as Araido (阿頼度島) is the northernmost island and volcano and also the highest volcano of the Kuril islands part of the Sakhalin Oblast in Russia. The Russian name is sometimes rendered in English as Atlasova Island.
 Steina (Wutach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Back River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Weilsberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Bolshaya Tereshka (Russian: Большая Терешка) or simply Tereshka is a river in Ulyanovsk and Saratov Oblasts of Russian Federation the right tributary of the Volga River. Tereshka is 213 km long its watershed area is 9710 km2. It origins at the Privolzhskaya Hills and falls to the Volgograd Reservoir. Tereshka use to be frozen in from November–December till March–April.
 Lake Webster is a fresh water lake located in Kosciusko County Indiana United States. Formerly it was known as Boydston Lake. It borders the town of North Webster to the west of the lake.
 The Gulf of Corinth or the Corinthian Gulf (Κορινθιακός Kόλπος Korinthiakόs Kόlpos in Greek) is a deep inlet of the Ionian Sea separating the Peloponnese from western mainland Greece. It is bounded in the east by the Isthmus of Corinth which includes the shipping route of the Corinth Canal and in the west by the Strait of Rion which separates the Gulf of Corinth from the outer Gulf of Patras at Cape Drepano where the narrowest point is crossed by the Rio-Antirio bridge.
 Mount Rishiri (利尻山 Rishiri-zan) is a quaternary stratovolcano located off the coast of Hokkaidō Japan in the Sea of Japan. The extinct volcano rises out of the sea forming Rishiri Island. Because its cone shape resembles Mount Fuji it is sometimes referred to as Rishiri Fuji. It is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan.Mount Rishiri's opening festival is held annually on July 2 and July 3. This festival officially opens the climbing season.
 The Waiwera River is a river in New Zealand a tributary of the Clutha River.
 The Oberjoch Pass (1178 m) is a mountain pass in the Allgäu Alps just one kilometre west of the Austrian border. It links Bad Hindelang Schattwald and Jungholz. Between 1938 and 1945 the pass was called Adolf-Hitler-Pass.
 Lake Disappointment is an ephemeral salt lake in Western Australia which typically is dry except during very wet periods such as the 1900 floods and in many recent tropical wet seasons since 1967. It lies on the Tropic of Capricorn due east of the mining town of Newman Western Australia and the Jigalong community. It is at the northern side of the Little Sandy Desert and south of the Karlamilyi National Park.
 Klínovec (German: Keilberg) is the highest peak of the Ore Mountains located in the Czech Republic's part of the mountains at 1244 metres (4081 ft). There is an important TV broadcasting tower on the top of the mountain.
 Catena delle Tre Croci is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1976 metres.
 Fischbach (Gersprenz) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Island Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. No trails lead to Island Lake although Sawtooth National Forest trails 459 494 and 458 pass relatively close by.Island Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 Yarinaqucha (Quechua yarina ivory palm (Phytelephas macrocarpa syn. Phytelephas microcarpa) qucha lake lagoon ivory palm lake hispanicized spelling Yarinacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ucayali Region Coronel Portillo Province Yarinacocha District. It is situated at a height of about 149 metres (489 ft) about 15.45 km long and 0.82 km at its widest point. Yarinaqucha lies west of the Ucayali River and north-west of Pucallpa.
 The Cunningham Mountains are a small mountain range on the southeastern coast of Devon Island Nunavut Canada. The Cunnington Mountains are part of the Devon Ice Cap which forms part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain range.
 Godaesan is a mountain in South Korea. Its area extends across Yeoncheon Gyeonggi-do and Cheorwon County Gangwon-do. Godaesan has an elevation of 832 m (2730 ft).
 The Bănița River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
 Lake Cadillac is a lake located within the city of Cadillac Michigan. It is part of the Muskegon River watershed.
 Lebršnik is a mountain in the municipality of Gacko Bosnia and Herzegovina. It has an altitude of 1985 metres (6512 ft).
 The Anamu River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Clowhom River is a short 19.8-kilometre (12.3 mi) river in British Columbia. It flows into the head of the Salmon Inlet about 26.2 km west of Squamish.
 Schlumper is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Stony Lake is a lake in the northern Manitoba Canada. It is formed at an elevation of 250 m (820 ft) along the North Seal River which flows east into the Seal River which in turn empties into the Hudson Bay. The community of Tadoule Lake located 9 kilometers (5.6 mi) east of the southern arm of the lake is the closest inhabited settlement.Many islands raise from the lake among them Moffatt Island Seamen Island (largest) and Radcliffe Island.
 Elvey is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It is located near the northern edge of the blanket of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin. To the north of Elvey is the smaller crater Nobel.This is a damaged crater with a rim that is only partly intact along the eastern side. The remainder of the rim is irregular and less distinct. This condition may have been created by the ejecta from the Mare Orientale impact to the south.
 Leonard Kniazeff is a stratovolcano located between the municipalitites of Mabini and Maco in Compostela Valley Province Island of Mindanao Philippines.It has a 203 km diameter caldera lake called Lake Leonard. Amacan Thermal Area is located 5 cadastral km SSW of Lake Leonard. Leonard Kniazeff is one of the active volcanoes in the Philippines part of the Pacific ring of fire.
 Windigo Lake is a freshwater lake located in north central Wisconsin in the Town of Bass Lake Sawyer County United States in township 40 north range 9 west. The lake is irregular in shape with numerous peninsulas and bays and is approximately one mile in diameter. Windigo Lake is 529.6 acres (2.143 km2) in size (including islands) with a maximum depth of 51 feet (16 m) and a shoreline of 9 miles (14 km).
 Stomoplo or Stamopolu also known as The Crocodile Island is a bay on which the town of Primorsko is situated on the southern coast of the Thracian Black Sea in the Burgas Province of Bulgaria.It is a destination for divers and spearfishermen. The maximum depth is 22 metres (72 ft). The lagoon is rich in fish and has a varied flora and fauna.
 Zahme Gera is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Parma River is a large stream of 92 km in length that begins in the Tuscan-Emilian Apennine mountains and flows in Parma valley.
 The White Hill is a hill rising 365 feet (111 m) which lies to the west of the town of Monmouth South Wales and north of Wonastow. It is also a forested area known as Whitehill Wood.
 Palana River is a west-flowing river on the west side of the upper Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. The town of Palana is here.Jurassic radiolarians have been found near the mouth of the river.
 Mudeungsan is a mountain in South Korea. It extends over the district of Buk-gu in the city of Gwangju Hwasun County and Damyang County in the province of Jeollanam-do. Mudeungsan has an elevation of 1187 m (3894 ft).Mudeungsan has become a national park in 2013.
 The Cailly is a river of Normandy France 29 kilometres (18 mi) in length flowing through the department of Seine-Maritime.
 Bennington Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1922 by Arthur O. Wheeler. Bennington Vermont is the birthplace of explorer Simon Fraser.
 The River Gryfe or River Gryffe is a river and tributary of the Black Cart Water running through the historic county of Renfrewshire and the modern council areas of Renfrewshire and Inverclyde in the west central Lowlands of Scotland United Kingdom. It gives its name to the surrounding area of Gryffe Valley also known as the former lordship of Strathgryfe.
 Springfield Lake is a small lake located in Middle Sackville Halifax Regional Municipality. The shoreline perimeter is 5.6 km the mean depth is 3 m and the maximum depth is 5 m (Mandaville 2000). Springfield is a headwater lake that is fed solely by underground springs and runoff. Located in the Shubenacadie watershed it ultimately feeds into the Bay of Fundy. It lies in pyretic slate bedrock that is high in hydrogen and sulphur (Kerekes et al. 1986).
 Dostoevskij (sometimes Dostoevskii) is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 411 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Dostoevskij is named for the Russian novelist Fyodor Dostoyevsky who lived from 1821 to 1881.
 Lake Marmara (Turkish: Marmara Gölü) is a lake in Manisa Province western Turkey bordered by the district areas of Gölmarmara to the northwest whose name itself is inspired by the lake and in larger part by Salihli.
 Lake Michigan–Huron (also Huron–Michigan) is the combined waters of Lake Michigan and Lake Huron which are joined through the narrow open-water Straits of Mackinac. They are sometimes considered a single lake because the flow of water through the straits keeps their water levels in near-equilibrium.
 The Cordun River is a tributary of the Varniţa River in Romania.
 Lac d'Antre is a lake above Villards-d'Héria in the Jura department of France.
 Lake Manantali is a large artificial lake formed by the 1989 construction of the Manantali Dam on the Bafing River in Mali. Its northern point is located 90 km to the south-east of the city of Bafoulabé.
 Lago di Annone (also called Lago di Oggiono) is a lake in the Province of Lecco Lombardy Italy. It borders the municipalities of Annone di Brianza Suello Civate Galbiate and Oggiono.
 Lake Rosseau is located in Ontario about 200 kilometers north of Toronto. The lake is surrounded by many cottages some dating back to the late 19th century. The south end of the lake is in the Township of Muskoka Lakes and the north end is in Seguin Township. Lake Rosseau is connected to Lake Joseph through the narrows at Port Sandfield and the Joseph River. The lake is also connected to Lake Muskoka by the Indian River and the lock system at Port Carling.
 The Păltiniș River is a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania.
 Pumlumon Fach is a top of Pen Pumlumon Fawr on the Plynlimon massif a part of the Cambrian Mountains in the county of Ceredigion Wales. It lies on small ridge heading north-west from the summit of Pen Pumlumon Fawr. The summit is marked by small cairn and overlooks the Nant-y-moch Reservoir to the north and Llyn Llygad Rheidiol to the east. The views also include the smaller summits of Drosgol (550m) and Banc Llechwedd-mawr (560m) and Cwm Hyddgen a hide out of Owain Glyndŵr and his army.
 The Cibuco River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Mount Keen (Scottish Gaelic: Monadh Caoin pronounced [ˈmɔnəɣ kʰɯːɲ]) is a 939 m (3081 feet) high mountain in Scotland and the most easterly Munro. It can be accessed from several directions South from Glen Mark North from Glen Tanar and East to Braid Cairn. It is a moderate walk which is most popularly started by mountain bike riding through the native Caledonian pine forest of Glen Tanar from Aboyne. On a good day the Cairngorms especially Lochnagar can be seen.
 Mount Foraker is a 17400-foot (5304 m) mountain in the central Alaska Range in Denali National Park 14 mi (23 km) southwest of Mount McKinley. It is the second highest peak in the Alaska Range and the third highest peak in the United States.
 Wehrbach (Nidda) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Schlossberg Ulrichstein is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Little Pomahaka River is a river of New Zealand a tributary of the Pomahaka River which it joins east of the Whitecoomb Range.
 The Pârâul Cuților is a tributary of the Roşia River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Valea Pietrei Negre and Valea Pietrei Albe
 Organ Needle is the highest point of the Organ Mountains in the south-central part of the U.S. state of New Mexico. It lies in Doña Ana County 13 miles (20921 m) east-northeast of Las Cruces and 4 miles (6 km) southwest of White Sands headquarters of the White Sands Missile Range. It is at the southeast end of a narrow ridge of vertically jointed granite (more specifically quartz monzonite) called The Needles. Organ Needle is one of the most dramatic peaks in the state.
 Lake Whatcom (from the Lummi word for loud water) is located in Whatcom County Washington. It is the drinking water source for approximately 85000 residents in the City of Bellingham as well as Whatcom County. It is approximately 10 miles total in length and 1 mile in width at its widest.
 Monida Pass is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of the northwestern United States at an elevation of 6820 ft (2079 m) above sea level on the Union Pacific Railroad and 6870 ft (2094 m) on adjacent Interstate 15.On the Continental Divide in the Bitterroot Range it marks the transition between the Beaverhead Mountains and the Centennial Mountains.
 Högl is a Bavarian mountain.
 The Batalha River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Eagle Pass (el. 550 m./1804 ft.) is a mountain pass through the Gold Range of the Monashee Mountains in British Columbia Canada. It divides the Columbia River drainage basin from that of the Fraser River (via the Shuswap Lakes and the Thompson River).Eagle Pass was chosen as the route of the Canadian Pacific Railway and later the Trans-Canada Highway over the Monashees; westbound traffic is continually downhill from here to the Pacific coast.
 Faith Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island south east of headwaters of Ralph River.
 Lake Maxinkuckee is the second largest natural lake in the U.S. state of Indiana covering 1864 acres (8 km2). It is located near the town of Culver Indiana in southwestern Marshall County. Lake Maxinkuckee has a maximum depth of 88 feet (27 m) and an average depth of 24 feet (7 m). Local residents and visitors practice ice fishing on the lake.The first inhabitants of the lake area were Mound Builders most likely the Potawatomi or Miami.
 Schönberg (Ebringen) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Manuel Alves Grande River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Whenuakite River is one of the longer rivers on the Coromandel Peninsula in the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows initially north from its sources close to the peninsula's southeast coast north of Tairua before turning west to reach the southernmost point of the Whitianga Harbour.
 The Plima (Italian: Rio Plima; German: Plima) is a stream in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Vayenga (Russian: Ваенга Ваеньга) is a river in Vinogradovsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Northern Dvina River. The length of the river is 218 kilometres (135 mi). The area of its basin 3370 square kilometres (1300 sq mi).
 Punta de Agua Creek is a river in Texas.
 The East Arm Little Calumet River is a 22.1-mile-long (35.6 km) portion of the Little Calumet River that begins just east of Holmesville Indiana in New Durham Township in LaPorte County and flows west to Porter County and the Port of Indiana-Burns Waterway.
 The Col du Parpaillon is a pass in the Cottian Alps of southern France in the Parpaillon massif. It connects La Condamine-Châtelard the Ubaye Valley in Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department with Crévoux Embrun in Hautes-Alpes. The crest of the pass rises to 2780 metres (9120 ft).The Parpaillon Tunnel is located below the pass at an elevation of 2637 metres (8652 ft).
 The Puiseaux is a small river in the Loiret department central France left tributary of the Loing. Its source is in the commune of Les Choux. It flows north to Montargis where it empties into the Loing. It is unrelated to the commune of Puiseaux.
 This article is about the mountain range in the Selkirk Mountains. For other uses see Dawson Range (disambiguation).The Dawson Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia Canada located southeast of Rogers Pass in Glacier National Park. The highest point is Mount Dawson.
 The Herb River is an 8.0-mile-long (12.9 km) tidal river in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is located in Chatham County near the southeastern edge of Savannah. It connects with the Wilmington River to the north and the Moon River to the south and it separates the mainland on the west from Isle of Hope and Dutch Island to the east.
 Myittha River is a river of western Burma. It originates in the Chin Hills and flows into the Chindwin River just below the town of Kalewa.
 Bonneville is an impact crater on Mars. It is located within the much larger crater Gusev. Bonneville was visited by the Mars Exploration Rover Spirit in 2004 during its exploration of the floor of Gusev. Bonneville is also the final resting place of Spirit's heat shield jettisoned during the landing procedure; the heat-shield could be seen glinting on the opposite wall when Spirit photographed the crater.
 The lac Ventadour is the main headwater lake of the Bostonnais River. This lake is located in the La Tuque (urban agglomeration) in Mauricie in Quebec in Canada. The area around the lake is mostly administered by the Zec Kiskissink.
 Mandora is a crater on Mars at 12.3N 53.7W. It is 59.4 km in diameter and is named after the locality of Mandora in Western Australia.
 The Porcul River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 The Castle Mountains are located in San Bernardino County California and Clark County Nevada. The range lies south and east of the New York Mountains southwest of Searchlight and west of Cal-Nev-Ari Nevada. The range lies at the northeastern end of San Bernardino County's Lanfair Valley and reaches an elevation of 5543 feet above sea level at Hart Peak. The mountains lie in a southwest-northeasterly direction in both states although most of the range is in California.
 Leimbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake George is a Canadian rural community in York County New Brunswick at the intersection of Route 635 and the northern terminus of Route 636.
 Mässersee is the smallest of four mountain lakes in the upper Binntal (Binn valley) of the canton of Valais Switzerland.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Ober Gabelhorn (4063 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland located between Zermatt and Zinal.
 Mount Coffin was a promontory in what is now Longview Cowlitz County Washington U.S.. It served as native burial grounds for the Skillute a Chinook Jargon speaking tribe who practiced above-ground interment of their deceased. The memaloose illahee or cemetery was named by Lieutenant William Robert Broughton of George Vancouver's expedition aboard the HMS Chatham in 1792. The landmark was leveled for its gravel during construction of the Port of Longview.
 The Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt (Eje Volcánico Transversal) also known as the Transvolcanic Belt and locally as the Sierra Nevada (Snowy Mountain Range) is a volcanic belt that extends 900 km from west to east across central-southern Mexico. Several of its highest peaks have snow all year long and during clear weather they are visible to a large proportion of those who live on the many high plateaus from which these volcanoes rise.
 The Arraias River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Cuyapaipe Mountain Cuyapaipe Peak or Laguna Benchmark is the tallest summit in the Laguna Mountains of San Diego County California at an elevation of 6381 feet (1945 m). It is located within the Ewiiaapaayp Indian Reservation of the Ewiiaapaayp Band of Kumeyaay Indians (formerly Cuyapaipe Band of Mission Indians).
 White Cloud Peak 10 also known as WCP 10 at 11102 feet (3384 m) above sea level is an unofficially named peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 0.53 mi (0.85 km) south of Calkens Peak its line parent. It is the 89th highest peak in Idaho. Sheep Lake is directly south of the peak and Tin Cup Lake is directly north of the peak.
 The Valea Roatei River is a tributary of the Bălăneasa River in Romania.
 The Valea Boului River is a tributary of the Peştiş river in Romania.
 The Veleșchia River or Pârâul Roșu or Vereșcheu River is a headwater of the Bicaz River in Romania.
 The Corona di Redorta is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located between Lavizzara and Sonogno in the canton of Ticino. Culminating at a height of 2804 metres above sea level the Corona di Redorta is the second highest summit of the Valle Verzasca after Pizzo Barone.
 Krumm is a short river on the edge of the Swabian Alps from about ten to fifteen kilometers in length. It originates at the base of Mt. Rechenberg near the Fuchshof in Rechenberg from where the river makes its way through Ottenbach and Krummwälden up to its mouth on the field of Eislingen in the Fils. The hamlet Krummwälden which was called in former times as Welden carried for some time the name of this river. It was changed to avoid ambiguity.
 Arauá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Aripuanã River.
 The Putnupys is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 10.9 kilometres and has a basin area of 16.8 km².
 The Black River is a tributary of Lake Erie about 12 mi (19 km) long in northern Ohio in the United States. Via Lake Erie the Niagara River and Lake Ontario it is part of the watershed of the St. Lawrence River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean.
 Langeskavlstind is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Lake Trasimeno (Italian: Lago Trasimeno Italian pronunciation: [ˌlaːɡo traziˈmɛːno]; Latin: Trasumennus; Etruscan Tarśmina) also referred to as Trasimene or Thrasimene in English is a lake in Italy part of the province of Perugia in the Umbria region. The Lake is located in the south of the Po River and to the north of the nearby Tiber River with a surface area of 128 km2 (49.4 sq mi) slightly less than Lake Como.
 The Big River is a 4.7-mile-long (7.6 km) stream on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Big Bay de Noc on Lake Michigan.
 Kyrkja is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Cegielinka is a river of Poland a side channel of the Regalica.
 Mandalagan is located at latitude 10.65° North (10°39'0N) longitude 123.25° East (123°15'0E) in the province of Negros Occidental on the north of the island of Negros Region VI of the Philippines. Mandalagan is a solfataric fumarolic potentially active stratovolcano.
 The Yōrō Mountains (養老山地 Yōrō Sanchi) are a mountain range straddling the border between Gifu and Mie prefectures in Japan. They form part of the western border of the Nōbi Plain.
 The Stollgraben is an old artificial watercourse in Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Lumda is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Birdanca River or Birda River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Kvarnsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Neamț River or Ozana River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania. It starts at the confluence of headwaters Râul Neamțului cel Mare and Râul Neamțului cel Mic
 Rowbotham Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island Canada north of Englishman River and east of Mount Arrowsmith.
 The Cuminapanema River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Mapari River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Parguaza River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Gouthwaite Reservoir is a reservoir in Nidderdale North Yorkshire England. It is one of many in the area others include Roundhill Reservoir and Angram Reservoir.Gouthwaite's sole purpose is a compensation reservoir for the River Nidd i.e. it maintains the downstream flow of the river during periods of lower rainfall.
 The Grinderwald is a mixed forest and a low hill range up to 101 m above sea level in Hanover Region and the Lower Saxon district of Nienburg/Weser in Germany.
 Miar Peak is a mountain in Hispar Valley in the Gilgit District of Northern Areas of Pakistan. It lies southeast of Diran peak (7257 m) and northwest of Malubiting peak (7428 m).
 The Canning River flows through parts of the North Slope in the U.S. state of Alaska. The river begins in the Franklin Mountains of the Brooks Range in the northeastern part of the state. It flows generally north for 125 miles (201 km) through the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge and enters Camden Bay west of Kaktovik on the Beaufort Sea.
 Nicola Lake is a glacially formed narrow deep lake located in the South-Central Interior of British Columbia Canada approximately ten kilometres northeast of the city of Merritt. It was a centrepoint of the first settlements in the grasslands lying south of Kamloops and today is used for recreation and as a water storage site to provide irrigation and water flows to fisheries downstream in the Nicola River.
 Lago del Barbellino is the largest artificial lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.Located in Valbondione the reservoir contains 18.5 million cubic metres of water. In 1931 a dam was built to supply hydroelectric power to the Seriana Valley where the textile industry was developing rapidly.
 Lake Peipus (Estonian: Peipsi järv Pihkva järv; Russian: Псковско-Чудское озеро (Pskovsko-Chudskoe ozero) German: Peipussee) is the biggest transboundary lake in Europe on the border between Estonia (part of European Union) and Russia.The lake is the fifth largest in Europe after Lake Ladoga and Lake Onega in Russia north of St. Petersburg Lake Vänern in Sweden and Lake Saimaa in Finland.Lake Peipus is a remnant of a body of water which existed in this area during an Ice Age.
 Harker Lake is a shallow glacial lake located in Kidder County North Dakota United States. It is 5 km (3.1 mi) south-southeast of the town of Dawson North Dakota and 80.5 km (50.0 mi) east of the state capital Bismarck. The lake is entirely surrounded by the wetlands and marshes of the Slade National Wildlife Refuge and public access is limited. It is very marshy.
 Dora Baltea [ˈdɔːra ˈbaltea] or Doire Baltée [dwaʁ balte] (Latin: Duria maior or Duria Bautica; Arpitan: Djouire (Valdôtain); Piemontese: Deura Bàotia) is a river in northern Italy. It is a left-hand tributary of the Po River and is about 170 km (105 mi) long.
 Iliwerung is a volcano in the south-central part of the island Lembata in Indonesia.
 Silver Creek is a stream in southern Indiana in the United States. It drains a watershed of 97442 acres (394.33 km2). The creek rises in Scott County and flows 38.0 miles (61.2 km) dropping 168 feet (51 m) before flowing into the Ohio River. It forms the boundary between Clark and Floyd counties. The stream was called Silver Creek by the time it was part of land granted to George Rogers Clark who lived in a log cabin near the creek's mouth.
 Himalchuli is the second highest mountain in the Mansiri Himal part of the Nepalese Himalayas. It lies south of Manaslu one of the Eight-thousanders. Himalchuli has three main peaks: East (7893 m) West (7540 m) and North (7371 m). It is also often written as two words Himal Chuli.Himalchuli is the 18th highest mountain in the world(using a cutoff of 500m prominence or re-ascent). Himalchuli is also notable for its large vertical relief over local terrain.
 The Little Misery River is a 7.0-mile-long (11.3 km) river on the Keewenaw Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. It flows into the Misery River at 46°59′50″N 88°58′52″W shortly before it flows into Lake Superior.
 The Poloboc River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Mayola (alternative name: Mairola) is a short mountain river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. It passes through Puget-Rostang and it flows into the Roudoule north of Puget-Théniers.
 The Alunul River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
 The Crown of Scotland is a hill in Dumfries and Galloway Scotland.At a relatively small elevation from the surrounding peaks it is situated to the north of the Devil's Beef Tub and the town of Moffat. The hill's unusual name derives from the alliance made between Robert the Bruce and James Douglas Lord of Douglas upon its summit in 1306 following the former's murder of the Red Comyn at Greyfriars kirk in Dumfries and when Bruce was making for Glasgow to meet with Bishop Wishart.
 The Cold River is a 12.9-mile-long (20.8 km) tributary of Otter Creek in Rutland County Vermont in the United States.The Cold River rises northeast of North Shrewsbury in the Coolidge Range part of the Green Mountains. It flows southwest through North Shrewsbury then turns northwest to the town line with Clarendon where it turns west and flows through the village of North Clarendon.
 The Cross diatreme is a diatreme in southeastern British Columbia Canada located 60 km (37 mi) east of the Rocky Mountain Trench and 8 km (5 mi) northeast of Elkford.
 The Superstition Hills are a low mountain range in the Colorado Desert in western Imperial County southern California.They are located southeast of the Salton Sea in the Lower Colorado River Valley.
 The Cubatãozinho River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Drauț River in Romania.
 The São Domingos River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Doring River (Western Cape) rises in the Groot River catchments. It meets with the Olifants River below the Bulshoek Weir Western Cape province South Africa.
 The Corn da Camp (also known as Corno di Campo) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located in Graubünden Switzerland. On its northern side lies a glacier named Vedreit da Camp.
 Lac des Corbeaux is a lake in Vosges France. At an elevation of 887 m its surface area is 0.09 km².
 The Negoiu River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 The Greeba River is a river in the Isle of Man.Rising on Greeba Mountain above Kerrow Glass and Cooilslieu the river runs south and east through the village of Greeba and past Greeba Castle before joining the River Dhoo just west of Crosby.
 Warren Hill is a prominent elevation 215 metres (705 ft) high 1 kilometre southwest of the hamlet of Hooke in the county of Dorset in southern England. Its prominence of 51 metres (167 ft) means it is listed as one of the Tumps. It is located within the Dorset Downs.The summit is open as is the hill's eastern flank but much of the western side of the hill is covered by the woods of Hooke Park. Hooke Court lies just to the northeast.
 Pfettrach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Transantarctic Mountains (abbreviated TAM) comprise a mountain range in Antarctica which extend with some interruptions across the continent from Cape Adare in northern Victoria Land to Coats Land. These mountains divide East Antarctica and West Antarctica. They include a number of separately named mountain groups which are often again subdivided into smaller ranges.
 The Salgado River (Sergipe River) is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Fueguino also known as Cook is a cluster of lava domes and pyroclastic cones located on Cook Island Tierra del Fuego Chile. This volcanic group lies south of the Magallanes-Fagnano Fault on the Scotia Plate.
 Lac de Naussac is a lake in Lozère France. At an elevation of 945 m its surface area is 10.8 km².
 Tighvein is a hill above Lamlash on the Isle of Arran in western Scotland. It is a Marilyn and the highest point on the south-eastern section of the island south-east of the pass of Monambre Glen. Two miles from the nearest road the top is a heathery boggy moor almost entirely ringed by thick forestry plantations. For this reason it is rarely climbed;[citation needed] there are no paths to the top.
 The Stoeneasca River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Cionca River is a tributary of the Chiuzbaia River in Romania.
 The Nechako River /nəˈtʃækoʊ/ arises on the Nechako Plateau east of the Kitimat Ranges of the Coast Mountains of British Columbia Canada and flows north toward Fort Fraser then east to Prince George where it enters the Fraser River.
 Fourpeaked Volcano is an active stratovolcano in Alaska. The Alaska Volcano Observatory currently rates Fourpeaked Volcano as Aviation Alert Level Green and Volcanic-alert Level Normal. It is nearly completely covered by Fourpeaked Glacier.
 Lamon Bay is a large bay in the southern part of Luzon island Philippines at 14.4166667°N 122°E﻿ / 14.4166667; 122. It is a body of water connecting the southern part of Quezon province to the Pacific Ocean and bounds the coastal towns of Atimonan Gumaca Plaridel Lopez Calauag and the islands of Alabat. It is a rich fishing ground and the home of various living corals. Most parts of the bay consist of gray sand some parts are filled with rocks and other living corals.
 Clear Creek (Trinity River) is a river in Texas.
 Belirang-Beriti is a volcanic complex that rises above the Semalako Plain in the southwest of Sumatra Indonesia. It contains a 1.2 km-wide volcanic crater.
 The Roscoe River is a waterway located above the Arctic Circle on the mainland of Northern Canada.It originates at 68°41′55″N 120°12′35″W in western Kitikmeot Region Nunavut northwest of Bluenose Lake. The river passes through the Melville Hills and Tuktut Nogait National Park in the Northwest Territories before emptying into Amundsen Gulf at its juncture with Dolphin and Union Strait between Deas Thompson Point and Tysoe Point.
 At 946 metres (3104 ft) the Platte is the highest mountain in the Steinwald a forest in the Fichtel mountain range in central Germany.The Platte is a popular walking destination not least because of the Upper Palatinate Tower which is located on its summit. It is climbable and offers good views of the surrounding region.
 The Vadăș River is a tributary of the Valea Crişului River in Romania.
 The Tone River (利根川 Tone-gawa) is a river in the Kantō region of Japan. It is 322 kilometers (200 mi) in length (the second longest in Japan after the Shinano) and has a drainage area of 16840 square kilometers (6500 sq mi) (largest in Japan). It is nicknamed Bando Taro (坂東太郎 Bandō Tarō); Bandō is an obsolete alias of the Kantō Region and Tarō is a popular given name for boys.
 Suhl (Weihe) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Green Hill is a mountain in Bergen County New Jersey. The peak rises to 814 feet (248 m) and overlooks the Ramapo River to the southeast. It is part of the Ramapo Mountains.
 The Dartmouth Glacier is a 3.4-mile (5.5 km)-long glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It heads southwest of Mount Castner in the Chugach Mountains and trends southwest to its terminus at the head of the Coghill River 47 miles (76 km) west of Valdez. The name was reported in 1908 by Grant and Higgins (1910 pl. 2) USGS. It is presumably named for Dartmouth College in Hanover New Hampshire.
 Ruunaanjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area in Finland. It is located in the Northern Karelia region and Lieksa municipality. The lake is a part of Ruunaa Hiking Center which is famous for the possibilities to white water kayaking.
 The Fénix Grande River is a river of Argentina.
 Pawtuckaway Lake is a 783-acre (3.17 km2) water body located in Rockingham County in southeastern New Hampshire United States in the town of Nottingham. The official name of the lake is Pawtuckaway Pond. The original natural pond was enlarged in the 19th century by the construction of four dams. Three of the dams near the southern end of the lake feed the Pawtuckaway River which flows southeast to the Lamprey River in the western part of the town of Epping.
 Mount Cline is a mountain in western Alberta Canada 11 km (7 mi) north of Saskatchewan Crossing 60 km (37 mi) southwest of Nordegg.The mountain is located in the North Saskatchewan River Valley 2 km (1 mi) west of Resolute Mountain. It was named in 1898 by J. Norman Collie after Michel Klyne (also called Michael Cline) French Canadian postmaster of Jasper House from 1824 to 1835.
 Sierra de Solorio is a mountain range located in the western side of the Iberian System Spain. It straddles Aragon Castile-La Mancha and Castile and León.
 Tarlac River is a river in Central Luzon Philippines covering a drainage area of 1900 square kilometers traversing the provinces of Tarlac and Pangasinan. The river originates around the vicinity of Mount Pinatubo and empties itself into the Agno River at Poponto Swamp located between the boundaries of Tarlac and Pangasinan.
 North Koel River flows through the Indian state of Jharkhand.
 Coatepeque Caldera also known as Lago De Coatepeque (Nahuatl cōātepēc at the snake hill) is a volcanic caldera in El Salvador in Central America. The caldera was formed during a series of major rhyolitic explosive eruptions between about 72000 and 57000 years ago. Since then basaltic cinder cones and lava flows formed near the west edge of the caldera and six rhyodacitic lava domes have formed. The youngest dome Cerro Pacho formed after 8000 BC.
 Zurn Peak (75°44′S 115°40′W) is a rocky peak (1515 m) rising from the north edge of Toney Mountain about 4 miles (6 km) northeast of Richmond Peak in Marie Byrd Land. Mapped by United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and U.S.
 Khari Khari (Quechua a thorny medical plant a species of rubus hispanicized spellings Cari Cari Kari Kari Kari-Kari) is a mountain in the Andes in the Potosí Department of Bolivia. It is the second highest elevation in the Potosí mountain range rising up to (5040 m (16535 ft). It is also the highest mountain in the Khari Khari mountain range the northern part of the Potosí mountain range.
 Pizzocco is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2187 metres.
 Lake Michigamme one of Michigan's largest lakes reaches a depth of over 70 feet (21 m). It covers 4292 acres (17.37 km2) in Marquette and Baraga County Michigan. Van Riper State Park provides public access. The vast majority of the lake lies in Marquette County with only its westernmost part extending into Baraga County.The lake runs about 6 miles (9.7 km) east to west with a southern arm extending about another 4.
 The Grand Mogul at 9733 feet (2967 m) above sea level is a peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 0.95 mi (1.53 km) north-northwest of Little Decker its line parent. The Grand Mogul is at the southwest end of Redfish Lake and 1.7 mi (2.7 km) southeast of Mount Heyburn.
 The Low Beskids or Lower Beskids (Polish: Beskid Niski Slovak: Nízke Beskydy) are one of the Beskids mountain ranges in the Outer Eastern Carpathians in southeastern Poland and northeastern Slovakia. Is a hilly region in Prešov Region Sanok County and Jasło County between Busov Ondavská vrchovina Laborecká vrchovina Beskydské predhorie in Slovakia Beskid Sądecki Pogórze Bukowskie and Bieszczady near the river Wisłoka Wisłok and Osława in Poland.
 The Cabuçu de Cima River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Loisach is a river that flows through Tyrol Austria and Bavaria Germany. Its name is Celtic in origin from Proto-Celtic *lawo and *iskā both of which mean water.The Loisach is a 114 km long left tributary to the Isar. The source of the Loisach is near Ehrwald in Austria. The Loisach flows past Garmisch-Partenkirchen and into the Kochelsee. At the Kochelsee the water that was diverted from the upper river Isar for power generation at the Walcheseekraftwerk joins the Loisach.
 Sherbrooke Lake is a lake of Chester Municipal District (Lunenburg County) in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Tip Top Mountain is a mountain located in Pukaskwa National Park in the Canadian province of Ontario. It is 641 m (2103 ft) above sea level. There are no hiking trails leading up to its' peak so it is very hard to climb.
 Estero de San Antonio is a stream in the northern California counties of Marin and Sonoma which empties into Bodega Bay.
 Lac de Capitellu is a lake in Haute-Corse France. At an elevation of 1930 m its surface area is 0.055 km².It is close to Lac de Melu in the commune of Corte.
 The Ogașu Bologhii is a tributary of the Poneasca River in Romania.
 The Applegate River is a 51-mile (82 km)-long tributary of the Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It drains approximately 698 square miles (1810 km2). Rising in northern California it soon crosses the border and flows northeast then northwest to meet the Rogue about 6 miles (9.7 km) west of Grants Pass. It drains forested foothills of the Siskiyou Mountains along the Oregon–California border.
 The river Sense (German: Sense French: Singine) is a right tributary of the river Saane in Switzerland. It is a border river between the Cantons of Fribourg and Bern. Its source rivers the Kalte Sense coming from Mount Gantrisch and Warme Sense flowing out of lake Schwarzsee join at Zollhaus and thus form the origin of the Sense.The Sense flows through a gorge of 15 km length which is popular for whitewater sports but also for swimming and bathing – especially among nudists.
 The Chilako River is a tributary of the Nechako River one of the main tributaries of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It flows through the Nechako Plateau.The name Chilako comes from the Dakelh name Tsalakhoh meaning the river in the hands of the beaver or beaver hand river.
 The Bourbince (French: la Bourbince) is an 82.4 km (51.2 mi) long river in the Saône-et-Loire département in central eastern France. Its source is at Montcenis. It flows generally southwest. It is a left tributary of the river Arroux into which it flows at Digoin.
 Koh e Alburz Romanized as Kuh i Elburz Kohe Alborz Kuh i Alborz (Persian: کوه البرز‎ high mountain) is a mountain of the Hindu Kush in Afghanistan. It is located in near Dey Chopan District Zabul Province.The mountain should not be confused with another mountain spur with the same name. Kōh-e Alburz is a mountain spur 2736 m. It is situated in Zabul Afghanistan.
 The Schwarzhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking the Augstbord Pass in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range between the Turtmanntal and the Mattertal.
 The Branco River (São Paulo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Dalke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Biebė is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 3.7 kilometres and has a basin area of 7.9 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 Nygardsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Hol in Buskerud county Norway.
 The Hossack River is a river of New Zealand' South island. It flows north from close to the Hossack Saddle 17 kilometres northwest of Hanmer Springs before joining the Acheron River.
 Gilbert is a large lunar crater that lies near the eastern limb of the Moon. Due to its location this feature appears foreshortened when viewed from the Earth limiting the amount of detail that can be observed. The crater lies to the northwest of the similar-sized walled plain Kästner to the west of the Mare Smythii.Several satellite craters in the vicinity have since been given names by the IAU.
 The Pârâul Negru is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
 Kitcliffe Reservoir is a reservoir in Piethorne Valley in between Ogden and Piethorne Reservoirs in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale within Greater Manchester England.
 The Caraslău River is a tributary of the Oituz River in Romania.
 The Kubršnica (Serbian Cyrillic: Кубршница) is a river in Šumadija region of central Serbia a 42 km-long left and the longest tributary to the Jasenica river.The Kubršnica originates from the Venčac mountain in the Jasenica sub-region of Šumadija in the wider area of the town of Aranđelovac. The terrain in the source area of the river is rich in marble and fireclay.
 The Tarnița River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Rocky Peak located in Rocky Peak Park is the third-highest point in the Santa Susana Mountains and overlooks the San Fernando Valley and Chatsworth the Simi Hills and the Simi Valley in Southern California. The peak which is 2715 feet (828 m) in elevation sits on the Los Angeles County–Ventura County line.
 Hornavan [′hu:rna:van] is a lake in northern Sweden. It is located in Arjeplog Municipality in the province of Swedish Lapland administratively known as Norrbotten County.
 Eastchester Bay is a protected body of water between City Island and the mainland Bronx New York. Technically it is a sound not a bay since it is open to larger bodies of water at both ends. The northern end connects via a narrow channel to Pelham Bay (which is also really a sound since it in turn opens onto Long Island Sound). The Hutchinson River empties into Eastchester Bay near the northern end.
 Waryongsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 799 metres.
 Mt. Sannomine (三ノ峰 San-no-mine) is located on the border of Gujō Gifu Prefecture and Hakusan Ishikawa Prefecture Japan and rises to a height of 2128 m (6982 ft).
 The Napasorsuaq (Danish: Kirkespiret) is a 1590m–high mountain in southern Greenland located in the Kujalleq municipality.
 Geomdansan is a mountain located in Seongnam and Gwangju Gyeonggi Province South Korea. It has an elevation of 534.7 m (1754 ft).
 Hume Lake is an artificial lake in the Sequoia National Forest of Fresno County California adjacent to the unincorporated community of Hume. It is on Tenmile Creek which flows into the Kings River. The surface elevation of the lake is 1585 m (5200 ft).
 The Fântâna Albă River is a tributary of the Măieruş River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Pârâul Ţiganului and Raherna
 The Montego River is a river of Jamaica.
 Laila Peak is a major prominence at the southwestern terminus of the Rupal Valley. The peak soars 5971 metres (19590 ft) above sea level and some 7500 feet above the Rupal Valley floor. To its north lies the Rupal Glacier and to its east lies 5642m Rupal Peak. To the north of the Rupal Glacier stands the Nanga Parbat massif one of largest in the world. Nanga Parbat itself soars 8126 m (26660 ft) above sea level.
 Dunlap Creek is a 25.9-mile-long (41.7 km) tributary of the Jackson River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is part of the James River watershed.The creek forms at Earlehurst in Alleghany County Virginia by the confluence of Back Creek and Sweet Springs Creek both of which rise to the southwest in Monroe County West Virginia. Dunlap Creek flows northeast paralleled by State Route 311 as far as the village of Crows.
 Blackmon Peak also known as Blackman Peak at 10300 feet (3100 m) above sea level is a peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 2.11 mi (3.40 km) from Castle Peak its line parent.
 Nasivi River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Tahuamanu River is a river of Bolivia and Peru.
 Keila River is a river in Northern Estonia.
 The Buhot River is a tributary of the Albac River in Romania.
 The Pârâul lui Stan is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 The Dnieper Reservoir (Ukrainian: Дніпровське водосховище Dniprovs'ke vodoskhovyshche) is a water reservoir on and named after the Dnieper River in Ukraine. It is located within the Dnipropetrovsk and Zaporizhzhia Oblasts. It was created in 1932 by the construction of the Dnieper Hydroelectric Station.The reservoir is 129 km long has an average width of 3.2 km (7 km at its widest) and has an average depth of 8 meters (53 m at its deepest).
 Muddy Pond also known as Lake Providence is a 37-acre (150000 m2) pond in Kingston Massachusetts located east of Route 80 and south of U.S. Route 44. The pond is not open to the public. The Sisters of Divine Providence runs Camp Mishannock a summer camp for girls at this pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants.
 Little Kennesaw Mountain is a mountain in Cobb County Georgia northwest of Marietta and south of Kennesaw. It is a sub-peak of Kennesaw Mountain the site of the Battle of Kennesaw Mountain in the 1864 Atlanta Campaign of the American Civil War.The defensive-minded Confederate general Joseph E. Johnston constructed a series of trenches from Kennesaw Mountain to Kolb Farm to prevent or delay Union general William T. Sherman's approach towards Atlanta Georgia.
 Mount Magog is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1930 after references in the Bible.
 Lagoa da Fajã dos Cubres is a lagoon located in the parish of Ribeira Seca on the north coast of the Portuguese island of São Jorge. The lagoon was listed along with Lagoa da Caldeira as a Wetland of International Importance under the Ramsar Convention in 2005. The term fajã refers to the plain areas created from landslides of the abrupt coastal cliffs.
 The Unadilla River in New York State flows 71 miles (114 km) from south of Utica to the village of Sidney where it flows into the Susquehanna River which eventually empties into the Chesapeake Bay an arm of the Atlantic Ocean.Most of the length of the Unadilla forms the western border of Otsego County and the eastern borders of Chenango and Madison Counties. This border made up a significant portion of the Fort Stanwix Treaty Line of 1768.
 Gourits River (Afrikaans: Gouritsrivier) sometimes spelled 'Gouritz River' is situated in the Western Cape South Africa.The Gourits River flows from the confluence of the Gamka River and Olifants River and is joined by the Groot River before flowing through the Langeberg Mountains and coastal plain. It eventually drains into the sea through the Gourits Estuary near Gouritsmond.
 Vineyard Creek a northern tributary of the Parramatta River is a creek west of Sydney Harbour located in Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 The Rotowhenua River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. A short broad river it flows into the Awaroa River to form a northern arm of the Whangape Harbour.
 Malaya Sol (Russian: Малая Соль) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of the Chyornaya River which in turn is a tributary of the Veslyana River. The length of the river is 19 km.The source of the river is located near the border with Komi Republic 195 m above sea level. Its mouth is located in the settlement of Chernorechensky 163 m above sea level.
 Old Rag Mountain is a popular hiking destination with a summit elevation of 3291 feet (1003 m) located in the Blue Ridge Mountains of the Shenandoah National Park in Virginia's Madison County near Sperryville.In contrast to most mountains of the Blue Ridge Old Rag has an exposed (rocky) summit.
 The Sawatch Range /səˈwætʃ/ is a high and extensive mountain range in central Colorado which includes eight of the twenty highest peaks in the Rocky Mountains including Mount Elbert at 14440 feet (4401 m) elevation the highest peak in the Rockies.The range is oriented along a northwest-southeast axis extending approximately 80 miles (130 km) from 39°37′36″N 106°32′13″W in the north to 38°33′19″N 106°17′32″W in the south. The range contains 15 peaks topping 14000 feet (4000 m).
 Mjøsa is Norway's largest lake as well as one of the deepest lakes in Norway and in Europe. It´s the fourth deepest lake in Norway. It is located in the southern part of Norway about 100 km north of Oslo. Its main tributary is Gudbrandsdalslågen in the north; the only distributary is Vorma in the south.From its southernmost point at Minnesund in Eidsvoll to its northernmost point in Lillehammer it is 117 km long. At its widest near Hamar it is 15 km wide.
 The Seciu River is a tributary of the Săcuieu River in Romania.
 Sunset Reservoir is one of three terminal reservoirs in the Regional Water System in San Francisco California. The reservoir is the city's largest reservoir and is located in the Sunset District at 24th Avenue and Ortega Street is owned and maintained by the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission. Completed in 1960 the subterranean reservoir was constructed as an 11-acre (4.5 ha) 1000 by 500 feet (300 m × 150 m) concrete basin now containing 720 floor-to-ceiling columns.
 The Loosahatchie River is a 64.0-mile-long (103.0 km) stream in southwestern Tennessee. Except for a few miles near its head its mouth and near the middle of its length it has been entirely channelized as have its major tributaries for agriculture purposes.
 The Auari River (Awaris) is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Hohbäumle is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Krone (3187 m) is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located on the border between Austria and Switzerland. It lies south of the Fluchthorn on the range between the Jamtal (Tyrol) and the Val Fenga (Graubünden).
 The Pârâul Vacii is a tributary of the Honțiș River in Romania.
 Victorio Peak is a high rocky outcropping in the Hembrillo Basin in southern New Mexico. This was one of Chief Victorio's hideouts and was the site of a battle in 1880 between Victorio's Apaches and the U.S. Army Ninth Cavalry Buffalo Soldiers. Additionally gold prospector Milton Doc Noss claimed to have found hidden treasure inside the Mountains in the late 1930s.
 Slievemaan (Irish: Sliabh Meáin meaning Middle mountain) is a mountain in Wicklow Mountains in County Wicklow Ireland.
 Grass Mountain is a 3615-foot (1102 m) tall mountain in the Central Oregon Coast Range in the U.S. state of Oregon. Located in Benton County it is the 3rd highest peak in the Coast Range.[citation needed]
 The Rivière de Fer à Cheval is a river of Haiti.
 Vanån is a river in Sweden and the largest tributary of Västerdal River. The annual open water swimming competition Vansbrosimningen takes place in Vanån (2000 m) and Västerdal River (1000 m).
 The Korb River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Ogilby Hills are a mountain range in Imperial County California.They are in the Lower Colorado River Valley and the Colorado Desert near the Colorado River in the Cibola National Wildlife Refuge.
 Waitahora Lagoon is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Kew Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Located off northern Bathurst Island the bay is an arm of Young Inlet. The Penny Strait is 38.8 km (24.1 mi) to the east.
 The Siliștea is a tributary of the Țibrin River in Romania.
 The Valea Vintii River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 Loch Coruisk (in Scottish Gaelic Coire Uisg the Cauldron of Waters) is an inland fresh-water loch lying at the foot of the Black Cuillin in the Isle of Skye in the Scottish Highlands.
 Beaver Lakes are two adjacent lakes in Annapolis County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mount Sinai (Arabic: طور سيناء‎ Ṭūr Sīnāʼ  or جبل موسى Jabal Mūsá ; Egyptian Arabic: Gabal Mūsa lit. Moses' Mountain or Mount Moses; Hebrew: הר סיני‎ Har Sinai) also known as Mount Horeb is a mountain in the Sinai Peninsula of Egypt that is a possible location of the biblical Mount Sinai. The latter is mentioned many times in the Book of Exodus in the Torah the Bible and the Quran.
 The Möhne Reservoir — or Moehne Reservoir — is an artificial lake in North Rhine-Westphalia some 45 km east of Dortmund Germany. The lake is formed by the damming of two rivers Möhne and Heve and with its four basins stores as much as 135 million cubic metres of water. The dam was built between 1908 and 1913 to help control floods regulate water levels on the Ruhr river downstream and generate hydropower. Today the lake is also a tourist attraction.
 This article is about the volcano. For the parish of the same name see Água de Pau.Água de Pau is a stratovolcano in central part of São Miguel Island. About 30000 to 45000 years ago the 4 km wide and 7 km long outer caldera was formed. The inner caldera which is 2.5 km wide and 4 km long was formed about 15000 years ago. The younger inner caldera is partially filled by the crater lake Lagoa do Fogo.
 The Băcin River or Suma River is a tributary of the Beregsău River in Romania.
 The Rebricea River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 The Río del Ingenio is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Chief Mountain (also called Old Chief Mountain) is located in the U.S. state of Montana on the eastern border of Glacier National Park and the Blackfeet Indian Reservation. The mountain is one of the most prominent peaks and rock formations along the Rocky Mountain Front a 200 mi (320 km) long overthrust fault known as the Lewis Overthrust which extends from central Montana into southern Alberta Canada.
 Fuchshöhe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Mormon Lake is a shallow intermittent lake located in northern Arizona. With an average depth of only 10 ft (3.0 m) the surface area of the lake is extremely volatile and fluctuates seasonally. When full the lake has a surface area of about 12 square miles (31 million square meters) making it the largest natural lake in Arizona.
 Caddo Lake (French: Lac Caddo) is a 25400 acres (10300 ha) lake and wetland located on the border between Texas and Louisiana in northern Harrison County and southern Marion County in Texas and western Caddo Parish in Louisiana. The lake is named after the Southeastern culture of Native Americans called Caddoans or Caddo who lived in the area until their expulsion in the 19th century.
 Chinook Pass (elevation 5430 ft./1656 m.) is a pass through the Cascade Range in the state of Washington.The pass provides the east entrance to Mount Rainier National Park and carries State Route 410 between the towns of Enumclaw and Naches. Because of the high elevation Chinook Pass is usually closed in November due to very heavy snow and significant avalanche danger. It usually opens in mid May and is not uncommon to have a snow depth at the summit of up to 15-feet.
 Lowell is a crater in Aonia Terra Thaumasia quadrangle Mars. Lowell crater has a ring of mountains on its floor which gives it a sort of bull's eye appearance. Nearby features include the craters Slipher to the north and Coblentz to the southwest the small mountain Aonia Mons to the west and Aonia Planum to the southeast. The crater was named after Percival Lowell who build the Lowell Observatory in Flagstaff Arizona in 1894. He used the observatory to discover over 500 canals on Mars.
 Davies is a crater on Mars located at 46°N 0°E on the fringe of Acidalia Planitia near Arabia Terra. It is approximately 49 km in diameter.It was named in honor of Merton Davies (1917-2001) a pioneer in the cartography of planetary bodies. An employee of the Rand Corporation he assisted NASA in mapping Mars with colleagues Gérard de Vaucouleurs and Harold Masursky and defined the prime meridian of Mars as passing through the crater Airy-0.
 Quirauk Mountain is the highest point on South Mountain. The 2145-foot (654 m) peak is located in northeastern Washington County Maryland. It lies just southwest of Fort Ritchie Military Reservation in the village of Cascade and about 1/2 mile southeast of the community of Blue Mountain. The Appalachian Trail and South Mountain State Park are about 1/2 mile to the west of the mountain's summit.
 Lake Chudzyavr (Russian: Чудзъявр) is a large freshwater lake on the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It has an area of 57.8 square kilometers (22.3 sq mi). Chudzyok River (left tributary of the Voronya River) flows from the lake.The name of the lake is of Kildin Sami origin.[citation needed]
 Malakua River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Newtown Creek is a 3.5-mile (6-kilometer) long estuary that forms part of the border between the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens in New York City New York United States. It derives its name from New Town (Nieuwe Stad) which was the name for the Dutch and British settlement in what is now Elmhurst Queens.
 Creußen is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Vulsini also known as Volsini volcano Vulsini Volcanic District Vulsini Volcanic Complex and the Vulsinian District is a circular region of intrusive igneous rock in Lazio Italy about 87 km (54 mi) to the north northwest of Rome containing a cluster of calderas known to have been active in recent geologic and historical times. Potentially they still are active.
 The Yarrangobilly River is a perennial river of the Murrumbidgee River catchment within the Murray–Darling basin located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Itaxueiras River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Hainbach (Offenbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Alplersee is a lake on the slopes of the Rophaien mountain near Riemenstalden and Sisikon in the Canton of Uri Switzerland.There is another lake in the canton of Uri with the same name near Unterschächen.
 Joliot is a large lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon just past the eastern limb. At this location it lies in a region of the surface that comes into sight during a favorable libration although at such times it is viewed from the side. Thus viewing this crater in detail must be done from orbit.The crater lies at the northern fringes of the lava-flooded region of the surface associated with Mare Marginis to the south.
 The Little River Raisin is a 17.0-mile-long (27.4 km) tributary of the River Raisin in southeastern Michigan in the United States.
 The Izvoru Mare River is a tributary of the Caraş River in Romania.
 The Cănicea River is a tributary of the Domașnea River in Romania.
 The Izvorul Hotarului River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Ranger Peak is in Riverside County California.
 Wartberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Schwarze Au is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Rosebud River is a major tributary of the Red Deer River in Alberta Canada.The Rosebud River passes through agricultural lands and ranchland for most of its course and through badlands in its final reaches. It provides water for irrigation canals through a variety of dams built on its course and that of its tributaries.The name is a translation of the Blackfoot word Akokiniskway meaning the river of many roses.
 Kalang River a perennial river of the Bellinger River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Tigăile Mari River is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
 Čemerno (Serbian Cyrillic: Чемерно) is a mountain in western Serbia near the town of Ivanjica. Its highest peak Smrdljuč has an elevation of 1579 m (5180 ft) above sea level.
 The Galbena de Nord River is a headwater of the Berhina River in Romania.
 Sierra Nevada is a stratovolcano located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile near the Llaima volcano. Its last certain eruptions were in the Pleistocene period but its activity may extend into the Holocene. Its primary lavas are andesitic and basaltic flows although it has also produced pyroclastic flows. Lahars are also a hazard of this volcano. This stratovolcano is located in Conguillío National Park.
 The Roșoșa River is a tributary of the Argel River in Romania.
 Gubongsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 919 metres.
 The Zădărlac River ( Hungarian: Zádorlak-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Mount Gould is a peak on the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park Montana United States. It is the highest point of the Garden Wall a distinctive ridge of the Lewis Range. It is most notable for its huge steep east face which drops 4000 ft (1220 m) in only one-half mile (0.8 km). This face provides a backdrop to Grinnell Lake and is often photographed.The first recorded ascent of Mount Gould was in 1920 by Frank B. Wynn Harry R. Horn Henry H. Goddard and party.
 The Cozla River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Morgenberghorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Lake Thun in the Bernese Oberland. It lies at the northern end of the chain between the valleys of Frutigen and Lauterbrunnen north of the Schwalmere.
 House Mountain is a mountain located in Corryton Tennessee United States about 8 miles (13 km) northeast of Knoxville. Rising to an elevation of 2064 feet (629 m) above sea level House Mountain is the highest point in Knox County.The House Mountain State Natural Area— designated in 1987— consists of 525 acres (2.12 km2) mostly on the south side of the mountain.
 The Sneffels Range regionally conterminous with San Juans is the name of a young prominent rocky range of mountains in southwestern Colorado of the San Juan Mountains. The Sneffels Range is often compared with the Grand Tetons because they both have a similar rugged appearance and a dramatic vertical rise. The Sneffels range form the southern border of Ouray County and run west to east.
 The Günz is a river in Bavaria Germany right tributary of the Danube. It is formed near Lauben by the confluence of its two source rivers: the Östliche Günz (eastern Günz) and the Westliche Günz (western Günz). It is approx. 90 km long (including its eastern source river). It flows generally north through the small towns Babenhausen Deisenhausen Ichenhausen and Kötz. It flows into the Danube in Günzburg.
 Pallaqucha (Quechua palla dame lady mature woman of the Inca nobility qucha lake hispanicized spellings Pallacocha Pallarcocha) is a small lake in Peru located in the Arequipa Region Condesuyos Province Andaray District. It is situated at a height of about 4740 metres (15550 ft) west of the Coropuna volcano.
 Shchara River (Belarusian: Шчара Ščara pronounced [ˈʂtʂara]; Russian: Щара) is a river in Belarus and is the left tributary of the Neman River. It is 300 km (190 mi) in length its catchment area being 6730 km2 (2600 sq mi). Shchara is tenth longest river in Belarus. Shchara flows through Slonim.
 The Bonito River (Correntes River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Sauer (Altenau) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Benevente River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Trans-Alay Range (also Trans Alai) is the northernmost range of the Pamir Mountains where the Pamirs and the Tian Shan come together. They form the border between Osh Province Kyrgyzstan and Gorno-Badakshan province Tajikistan. To the north is the Alay Valley and to the south the Muksu River. The highest peak in the range is Lenin Peak.
 Gwaun y Llwyni is a subsidiary summit of Aran Fawddwy in southern Snowdonia Wales. It froms a part of the Aran mountain range.The peak's southern face is very steep and forms one of the backwalls of Cwm Cywarch. The summit is grassy and is marked by a small cairn. Pen yr Allt Uchaf rises on the other side of Cwm Cywarch Aran Fawddwy is to the north-east Waun Camddwr to the north and Glasgwm to the west.
 The Sagavanirktok River is a stream in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is about 180 miles (290 km) long and originates on the north slope of the Brooks Range flowing north to the Beaufort Sea near Prudhoe Bay. The Trans-Alaska Pipeline System and Dalton Highway roughly parallel it from Atigun Pass to Deadhorse. Also a glaciation happened approximately at the same time as the Illinoian Stage of central North America at the Sagavanirktok River.[citation needed]
 The Valea lui Mihai River is a tributary of the Leorda River in Romania.
 Mount Stirling is a cross-country and backcountry ski resort in the Australian state of Victoria approximately 230 km from Melbourne.
 The Henig River is a tributary of the Secaş river in Romania.
 Hermit Peak is a mountain in San Miguel County in northern New Mexico United States.The peak is named for the Italian religious recluse John Augustiani who lived there in a cave he had dug into the earth around the time of the U.S. Civil War.
 The Trou Barbet River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 Lillydale Lake (the name retaining the earliest spelling and the name of the former Lillydale Shire) is an artificial lake and wetlands area created in Lilydale Melbourne Australia. The park in which it is situated covers over 100 hectares and includes extensive recreational facilities.The lake covers 28 hectares with a 440 metre long dam wall.
 Spuyten Duyvil Creek /ˈspaɪtən ˈdaɪvəl/ is a channel connecting the Hudson River to the Harlem River Ship Canal and on to the Harlem River in New York City separating the island of Manhattan from the Bronx and the rest of the mainland. The neighborhood named Spuyten Duyvil lies to the north of the creek.
 The River Avon local /ˈɑːn/ is a river in the Strathspey area of the Scottish Highlands and a tributary of the River Spey. It drains the north-eastern area of the Cairngorm Mountains and is largely contained within the Cairngorms National ParkThe source of the River Avon is conventionally said to be Loch Avon situated between Cairn Gorm and Ben Macdui (Gaelic: Beinn MacDhuibh). Loch Avon itself collects headwaters from a number of burns on these two mountains.
 The Brăneasa River is a tributary of the Florișoru River in Romania.
 The Cernovăț River or Ciornovăț River is a tributary of the Caraş River in Romania.
 Wilder Graben (Nesse) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Conway River is part of the traditional boundary between the Canterbury and Marlborough regions in the South Island of New Zealand.It arises in the Amuri Range near Palmer Saddle and runs for thirty kilometres south-east through the Hundalee Hills at the south end of the Seaward Kaikoura Mountains before turning north-east and reaching the Pacific Ocean 30 kilometres south of Kaikoura. The Charwell River is a tributary.
 The Tobin Range is a mountain range in eastern Pershing County Nevada. The linear range is typical of the basin and range structure with an approximate length and width of 32.5 miles (52.3 km) by 6 miles (9.7 km) with a NNE orientation. The Tobin Range includes Mount Tobin a 9754 feet (2973 m) summit that dominates the surrounding area.
 Lakenla is a mountain pass north-west of Lhasa near the second-largest salt lake in Tibet: Namtso Lake. It has an elevation of 5190 m (17030 ft).
 Matadero Creek is a stream originating in the foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains in Santa Clara County California United States. The creek flows in a northeasterly direction for 8 miles (13 km) until it enters the Palo Alto Flood Basin then joins Adobe Creek at the north end of the Mayfield Slough before culminating in southwest San Francisco Bay. Matadero Creek begins in the city of Los Altos Hills then traverses the Stanford University lands and Palo Alto.
 The Clerve (Luxembourgish: Klierf) is a river flowing through Luxembourg joining the Wiltz at Kautenbach. It flows through both the towns of Troisvierges and the town of Clervaux. Upstream of Clervaux it is known as the Woltz.
 Tjörnes is a peninsula situated at the northeast of Iceland between the fjords of Öxarfjörður and Skjálfandi. Tjörnes is known for its particularly dense population of Rock Ptarmigan and the rich fossil record of Miocene - Pliocene age.
 The Silver Peak Range is a mountain range in southwest Esmeralda County Nevada.
 Rest Dodd is a fell in the English Lake District. It is situated in the quieter far eastern region of the national park and reaches a height of 696 metres (2283 feet). Rest Dodd is a fell that is often by-passed by walkers as they travel the busy footpath between Ullswater and Haweswater either to climb the more significant fell of High Street or strive to complete Alfred Wainwright’s Coast to Coast Walk.
 Cataract Lake is located near Williams in North Central Arizona.
 Banas which redirects here may also refer to the West Banas River.The Banas is a river of Rajasthan state in western India. It is a tributary of the Chambal River which in turn flows into the Yamuna a tributary of the Ganges. The Banas is approximately 512 kilometres in length. It is also known as 'Van Ki Asha' (Hope of forest).[citation needed]The Banas originates in the Khamnor Hills of the Aravalli Range about 5 km from Kumbhalgarh in Rajsamand district.
 Wróblewski is a small lunar crater that lies just to the southeast of the huge walled plain Gagarin. The crater Raspletin lies along the rim of Gagarin just to the northwest of Wroblewski. To the south-southeast is Sierpinski. As with many lunar craters of this size Wroblewski is roughly circular and bowl-shaped. It has undergone some wear along the rim edge from subsequent impacts.
 The Pârâul Pitiocăriei is a tributary of the Cupaș River in Romania.
 The Piaus River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 McGee Creek Reservoir is a reservoir in Atoka County Oklahoma. It impounds the waters of McGee Creek and several smaller streams including Potapo Panther Little Bugaboo Bear Blue Mill and Crooked creeks all of which are tributaries of Muddy Boggy River.The lake which filled at the completion of the United States Bureau of Reclamation McGee Dam in 1987 consists of 3810 acres (15.4 km2) and 64 miles (103 km) of shoreline.
 Mount Akanagi (赤椰岳 Akanagidake) is a mountain of the Kiso Mountains and located on the border between Okuwa Kiso District and Iijima Kamiina District Nagano Prefecture in the Chūbu region of Japan. It peak is 2798 m (9180 ft) high.
 Keppel Bay is a broad bay in Central Queensland Australia at the mouth of the Fitzroy River. Cape Keppel is at the Eastern end of the bay.The bay and the nearby Keppel Islands (part of Keppel Bay Islands National Park) were named by Captain Cook when he was there on 27 May 1770 after Admiral Augustus Keppel of the British Royal Navy.
 Langvatnet (Lule Sami: Tjoaddnejávrre) is a lake that lies on the border between Norway and Sweden. Almost all of the lake is located in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county Norway with a very small part of the lake in Jokkmokk Municipality in Norrbotten County Sweden. The 5.46-square-kilometre (2.11 sq mi) lake is located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of the municipal centre Kjøpsvik.
 The Moron (1337 m) is a mountain of the Jura located north of Malleray in the canton of Bern.East of the summit is located a 30 metre high observation tower designed by Mario Botta.
 McKenzie Pass (elev. 5335 ft/1623 m) is a mountain pass in the Cascade Range in central Oregon United States.It is located at the border of Linn and Deschutes counties approximately 20 mi (32 km) northwest of Bend between the Three Sisters to the south and Mt. Washington to the north. Oregon Route 242 passes over the pass. At the summit of the pass Oregon Route 242 crosses a 65-square-mile (170 km2) lava flow just west of Sisters.
 The Târsecu Mic River is a tributary of the Sugura River in Romania.
 The Porumbăcelu River is a tributary of the Porumbacu River in Romania.
 Big Sandy Creek is a 211-mile-long (340 km) tributary of the Arkansas River noted for being the location of the Sand Creek Massacre in Kiowa County. Long stretches are dry most of the time on the surface although water still flows underground. Big Sandy Creek starts near Peyton in El Paso County Colorado and flows through Elbert Lincoln Cheyenne and Kiowa counties before it joins with the Arkansas River in Prowers county east of Lamar.
 Mount Balungao is an extinct volcano located in Pangasinan Ilocos Region rising to the height of 382 metres (1253 ft) ASL. It is located in the town of Balungao situated about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from the town center. It is the main tourist attraction of the town along with the Balungao Hot and Cold Spring Resort nearby.
 The Belinul Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Rădăuți River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 Río Grande de Matagalpa (Awaltara in Miskito) is a river of Nicaragua. Running 430 kilometers (270 mi) from its source near Matagalpa to the Caribbean Sea in the northern part of the Southern Atlantic Autonomous Region it is the second longest river in Nicaragua. It gives it name to the city and department of La Cruz del Río Grande. The Tumarín Dam is being constructed on its lower reaches.
 The Bystrytsia (Ukrainian: Бистриця; Polish: Bystrzyca) is a river a right tributary of the Dniester which flows through Tysmenytsia Raion Ivano-Frankivsk Oblast. Bystrytsia river is formed by confluence of Bystrytsia of Solotvyno and Bystrytsia of Nadvirna.
 Chatyr-Tau or Chatyrtau (/ʃʌtərˈtaʊ/; Russian: Чатыр-тау Чатыртау; Tatar Cyrillic: Чатыр-тау Latin: Çatır-Taw Çatırtaw [ɕʌˌtɯrˈtɑʊ] also Shatyor-Gora (Russian: Шатёр-гора literally the Tent Mountain) is an upland near Aznakayevo Tatarstan Russia sometimes referred as an only range of Tatarstan. The highest point is 321.7 m. The range is a natural monument of Tatarstan since 1972.
 The Milseburg is an extinct volcano and the second highest mountain of the Rhön Mountains in Hesse Germany. The mountain is located eastwards of Fulda near the villages of Kleinsassen and Danzwiesen. The headwaters of the River Bieber begin immediately in the south of the Milseburg. Alexander von Humboldt called Milseburg Germany's most beautiful mountain.[1]
 Murner See is a lake in Wackersdorf Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 395 m its surface area is 0.94 km².
 Kmehlener Berge is a hill in Brandenburg Germany.
 The Valea Caprei River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Cerchez River is a tributary of the Ceair River in Romania.
 The Inukami River (犬上川 Inukami-gawa) has its source in the Suzuka Mountains in Shiga Prefecture Japan. During the Edo period Takamiya-juku a post station along the Nakasendō sat on the banks of the river in Hikone.
 The Guatapé is a river in Antioquia Department Colombia and a tributary of the Samaná Norte River. The Jaguas (170 MW) Las Playas (204 MW) and San Carlos (1240 MW) hydroelectric power plants are located on its stem.
 Madron Lake is a 65-acre (260000 m2) lake situated in the northwestern quadrant (Sections 8 and 9) of Buchanan Township in Berrien County Michigan United States. The outlet of Madron Lake drains west into the East Branch of the Galien River. Buchanan Township maintains a public boat launch off Burgoyne Road.
 The Serre Calabresi or Calabrian Serre (Calabrian dialect: Serra) are a mountain and hill area of Calabria southern Italy characterized by large extents of woods.The name could be derived by the Jewish Ser meaning mountains or it could refer to the shape of a handsaw. The highest peak is the Monte Pecoraro with an altitude of 1423 m.
 The Bejanul River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
 Stuart River is a river in Wide Bay-Burnett region of Queensland Australia. The river flows into Boondooma Dam and thence on to the Boyne River a tributary of the Burnett River.The river's catchment is relatively small by Australian standards at just 65 km².
 The Misty River is a river in Fiordland New Zealand. It rises to the east of Irene Pass and flows westward into Teardrop Lake.
 Potanipo Hill is a 613-foot-high (187 m) peak located in the town of Brookline in southern New Hampshire United States. The hill became home to one of the first lift-served ski areas in New England when Brookline Ski Area opened on its eastern face. The area later grew to become a larger regional operation known as Big Bear and later Musket Mountain.
 The Tireu River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
 Tviberi (Georgian: ტვიბერი) is a glacier located in the Svaneti Region of Georgia on the southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range. The length of the Tviberi Glacier is 9.5 km (5.9 mi) and its surface area is 27.9 km2 (10.8 sq mi). The tongue of the glacier descends to 2150 metres (7050 ft) above sea level. Tviberi represents a polisynthetic type of a valley glacier. It has many tributaries among which are Laskhedari Iriti Asmashi Toti Seri and others.
 Timiryazev is a lunar impact crater that is located just to the east of the huge walled plain Korolev on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the west-northwest of the crater Sechenov and north-northeast of Mechnikov.This is a circular crater formation with a slightly eroded outer rim and interior and an interior floor that is about half the diameter of the crater. No craters of note lie across the crater edges or insides although the rim is slightly damaged along the southern face.
 Eichenberger Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Buller is a mountain in the Victorian Alps of the Great Dividing Range located in the Australian state of Victoria. It has an elevation of 1805 metres (5922 ft) AHD
 The Sunset Mountains in Coconino County Arizona are two a small mesas known as East Sunset Mountain and West Sunset Mountain located southeast of Winslow. State Route 87 passes between the mountains.
 The Central Oregon Coast Range is the middle section of the Oregon Coast Range in the Pacific Coast Ranges physiographic region and located in the west-central portion of the state of Oregon United States roughly between the Salmon River and the Umpqua River and the Willamette Valley and the Pacific Ocean.
 The Pârâul Răchitelor is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
 Lake Ashi (芦ノ湖 Ashi-no-ko) or Hakone Lake Ashinoko Lake is a scenic lake in the Hakone area of Kanagawa Prefecture in Honshū Japan. It is a crater lake that lies along the southwest wall of the caldera of Mount Hakone a complex volcano. The lake is known for its views of Mt. Fuji and its numerous hot springs. A number of pleasure boats and ferries traverse the lake providing scenic views for tourists and passengers.
 Lombach (Agger) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The following is a list of rivers in Sri Lanka. Rivers shorter than 100 km (62 mi) are not included in this list.
 Siddons Patera is a volcanic caldera on Venus surrounded by collapsed lava tubes.
 Düte is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Buntzen Lake is a 4.8 kilometres (3 mi) long lake in Anmore British Columbia Canada in the Greater Vancouver area. It is named after the first general manager of the B.C. Electric Co. Johannes Buntzen. There is a smaller lake just to the north named McCombe Lake.
 Mount Collins is a mountain in the Great Smoky Mountains located in the Southeastern United States. It has an elevation of 6188 feet (1886 m) above sea level. Located along the Appalachian Trail between Clingmans Dome and Newfound Gap the mountain is a popular destination for thru-hikers. A backcountry shelter and a major trail junction are located along the mountain's northeastern slope.
 Tavan Bogd (Mongolian: Таван богд lit. five saints) is the highest mountain in Mongolia and have massif-type. Tavan Bogd mountain located in Bayan-Olgii Province and its Hüiten Peak is the highest point of Mongolia at 4374 meters above sea level.
 Beilstein is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Fond River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 The Tipuani River is a river of Bolivia.
 Onigam Lake is a lake in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Unorganized Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is about 6.5 kilometres (4.0 mi) long and .4 kilometres (0.2 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 93 metres (305 ft). The primary outflow is an unnamed river at the west which flows downstream through an unnamed lake a total distance of 5.8 kilometres (3.6 mi) to the Sturgeon River at 55°21′09″N 90°41′54″W about 5.3 kilometres (3.3 mi) upstream from Sturgeon Lake.
 Gulbrandsen Lake is a lake 0.5 miles (0.8 km) long lying north of Neumayer Glacier in South Georgia. It was charted and named White City by the British expedition under Ernest Shackleton 1921–22 but this name is considered unsuitable and has never been used locally.
 Frauenberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Hofsee is a lake at Alt Gaarz municipality Neu Gaarz in Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.9 m its surface area is 0.44 km².
 Gorupogisan is a mountain between the county of Pyeongchang and the city of Gangneung Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1238.3 m (4063 ft).
 The Valea Popii River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
 The Garry River is a river in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It arises in the Mount Thomas Forest near Mount Thomas and flows south-east into Ashley River/Rakahuri. Blowhard Stream is a tributary.
 Savant Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 The Jorea River is a tributary of the Mălina River in Romania.
 The Ploștini River is a tributary of the Albac in Romania.
 Jackson's Bay Cave is a very large cave system on the Portland Ridge in Clarendon near the south coast of Jamaica. It is considered to be one of the most beautiful in the Caribbean. It was discovered in 1964 since when over 10 kilometres of caves have been mapped.
 Kilvatnet (Lule Sami: Ráhpukjávrre) is a lake in the municipalities of Hamarøy and Tysfjord in Nordland county Norway. The lake is located about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of Ulvsvåg.
 Johannesburg Mountain is one of the most famous peaks in the North Cascades of Washington state.
 The Candelaria River is a river of Mexico.
 The Richișu River is a tributary of the Biertan River in Romania.
 The Madone is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located between the valleys of Maggia and Verzasca in the canton of Ticino.
 The Bruce Vale River is a river of Barbados.
 Lac du Bourget (Lake Bourget) also locally known as Lac Gris (Grey Lake) is a lake at the southernmost end of the Jura Mountains in the department of Savoie France. It is the deepest lake located entirely within France and either the largest or second largest after Lac de Grand-Lieu depending on season. The largest town on its shore is Aix-les-Bains. Chambéry the capital of Savoie lies about 10 km south of the lake.
 Cabannes is a lunar impact crater that lies in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. The rim has been worn by subsequent impacts with a smaller crater overlying the southern rim. However the formation has not been significantly reshaped by nearby craters.The satellite crater Cabannes J is attached to the southeast rim and lies between Cabannes and the heavily impacted crater Berlage.
 The Mangaone River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. Its source is numerous streams draining the slopes of the Te Waka Range in the Roukumoana Forest area. The river flows southeast then south through rugged hill country until it meets the Tutaekuri River
 Schwarzenbühl Pass (el. 1547 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.It connects Riffenmatt in the municipality of Guggisberg south of Bern and Gurnigel Pass.There is a ski resort at the pass with a hotel with a hot steam bath a restaurant and a sanatorium.
 Carriger Creek is a stream Sonoma County California. Southwest of the city of Sonoma California its name changes to Fowler Creek. This article covers both parts of the creek.Carriger Creek springs from the eastern slope of Sonoma Mountain 4 mi (6 km) southwest of Glen Ellen. It flows southwest through a 3 mi (5 km) canyon that opens west of El Verano. In the Sonoma Valley it joins with Felder Creek just north of West Watmaugh Road and becomes Fowler Creek.
 Haldighati is a mountain pass in the Aravalli Range of Rajasthan in western India. It connects Rajsamand and Pali districts 40 kilometres from Udaipur.
 Young is a lunar crater that is located in the rugged southeast part of the Moon's near side. It lies to the east of the crater Metius and southeast of Rheita. The long Vallis Rheita follows a line tangential to the southwest rim of Rheita and cuts a wide trough through the southwest floor and outer rim of Young.The surviving part of the crater is a worn eroded formation that has seen better times.
 MacDonalds Lake is a lake of Inverness County in north-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Bonya River is a river in the American territory of Guam.
 The Moscădin River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Thetis Mound is a hill in the North Slope Borough of Alaska United States. It is 4 miles (6 km) southeast of Oliktok Point and 13 miles (21 km) west of Beechey Point.The name was published by the United States Geological Survey in 1911 and the hill was used as a triangulation station by Ernest de Koven Leffingwell; it was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on March 31 1981.Thetis Mound is a type of hill known as a pingo.
 The Răchitișa River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Rosån is a river in Sweden.
 Mount Issa or Djebel Aïssa (Arabic: جبل عيسى‎) is a 2236 m high mountain in western Algeria. It is part of the Ksour Range of the Saharan Atlas within the larger Atlas Mountain System. Mount Issa is located in the Naâma Province and is one of the main summits of the mountains of the High Plateaus.The Djebel Aissa National Park is a protected area within the area of the mountain since 2003.
 Cerro Arenas is a mountain in the Andes of Santiago Metropolitan Region Chile. It is located west of San José volcano and east of Cerro El Morado. The latter mountain lies on the opposite side of the valley of the Estero Morado a headwater stream of the Volcán River.
 Russell Crater is a crater found in the Noachis quadrangle of Mars located at 54.9° south latitude and 347.6° west longitude. It is about 139.7 km in diameter and was named after Henry Norris Russell an American astronomer (1877-1957).
 North Bend Lake is a 305 acres (123 ha; 0.477 sq mi) lake created through the Natural Resource Conservation Service via the Little Kanawha Conservation District. North Bend Lake located within the North Bend State Park along the North Fork of the Hughes River in Ritchie County near Cairo West Virginia is 8.1 miles (13.0 km) in length and has an average permanent pool width of 310 feet (94 m).
 The Varvizel River or Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 The Slăvei River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
 Neustädter Binnenwasser is a lake near Neustadt in Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The 141-hectare Ansupa Lake is a horseshoe shaped fresh water lake on the left bank of the Mahanadi river opposite Banki in Cuttack district Odisha India. Ansupa Lake in Banki is 40 km from the city of Cuttack which also acts as a shelter for the migratory birds in the wintry weather season. It is a fresh water lake situated amidst the Saranda Hills and enclosed by bamboo tree greenery and mango trees. To visitor's delight there is boating and fishing facilities in the Ansupa Lake.
 The Opheim Hills el. 3304 feet (1007 m) is a set of hills northwest of Opheim Montana in Valley County Montana United States.
 Red Cedar Lake is a lake in Nipissing District of Northeastern Ontario Canada. The lake is about 30 km in length.The Marten River flows into the lake and the Temagami River flows through the lake.It is a man made lake originally created by damming to permit logging drives.
 The Ruget River is a tributary of the Slimnic River in Romania.
 Mount Carter at 10590 feet (3230 m) above sea level is the seventh highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area on the border of Boise and Custer counties. The peak is located 0.32 mi (0.51 km) northwest of Mickey's Spire its line parent and 0.43 mi (0.69 km) west of Thompson Peak the highest point in the range.
 The Río de Barranquitas is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Rod's Pot is a limestone cave above Burrington Combe in the Mendip Hills in Somerset England.The cave was first excavated in 1944 by the University of Bristol Spelæological Society. It is one of a line of swallets marking the junction of the Limestone shales with the Carboniferous Limestones where water running off the Old Red Sandstone of Blackdown finds its way underground.
 Rombach (Aal) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Blees is a river flowing through Luxembourg joining the Sauer at Bleesbruck. It flows through the towns of Hosingen Brandenbourg and Bastendorf.
 Pizzo Badile Camuno is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 2435 metres.
 Maury is a small lunar impact crater named for two cousins. It was first named in honor of Lieutenant Matthew Fontaine Maury of the U. S. Naval Observatory and later shared to honor Antonia Maury of Harvard College Observatory. The crater lies in the northeastern part of the Moon just to the east of the Lacus Somniorum. The nearest named craters are Hall to the southwest and Cepheus farther to the northeast.
 The Chanchán River is a river of Ecuador.
 The Valea Porcului River is a tributary of the Ilba River in Romania.
 Vogelkarspitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Parmanka (Russian: Парманка) is a river in Perm Krai and Komi Republic Russia a right tributary of Chyornaya River which in turn is a tributary of Veslyana River. The length of the river is 39 km.The source of the river is located in the eastern portion of Koygorodsky District of Komi Republic north of rural locality Kazhimka 179 m above sea level. Its mouth is located 145 m above sea level. Main tributary is Parok River (right).
 Forked Lake is a 1248-acre (505 ha) lake in the Adirondack Park in New York 7 miles (11 km) southwest of the village of Long Lake. The lake is slender and shaped like an inverted T 5 miles (8.0 km) across the east-west oriented bottom but only 0.2 miles (0.32 km) wide with its northward arm even narrower and 3.8 miles (6.1 km) long.The state operates 80 campsites accessible by boat or by foot except for three which can accommodate up to 20-foot (6.1 m) recreational vehicles.
 The North Fork Stanislaus River is a 31.2-mile (50.2 km) tributary of the Stanislaus River flowing through parts of the California counties of Tuolumne Calaveras and Alpine. The river begins at the confluence of Silver Creek and Duck Creek near the western edge of the Carson-Iceberg Wilderness in the Sierra Nevada. From there it flows southwest through a canyon to its confluence with the Middle Fork Stanislaus River near Forest Meadows which forms the Stanislaus River.
 Wörthsee (Wörth lake) is a lake in the Starnberg district of Bavaria Germany. It is one of the lakes of the Fünfseenland (Five lakes) region which contains the remains of a great glacial lake.
 Hettefjorden is a lake in the municipality of Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud county Norway.
 Lower Curtis Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. Named for photographer Asahel Curtis the glacier is in a cirque on the western slopes of Mount Shuksan. Lower Curtis Glacier is rapidly retreating and has a negative mass balance meaning that the rate of snow and ice that is falling in the accumulation zone is less than that which is lost each year in the ablation zone.
 The Malewa River rises in the western slopes of the Aberdare Range in Kenya and flows south and west into Lake Naivasha in the Great Rift Valley.Lake Naivasha is an important source of water in a semi-arid environment and supports export-oriented horticulture and floriculture businesses as well as tourism. Malewa river water quality has deteriorated because of more human activities in the upper catchment.
 Second Chub Lake is a lake of Yarmouth District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Avalsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Lunner in Oppland county Norway.
 Lake Sfânta Ana (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈsfɨnta ˈana]; Hungarian: Szent Anna-tó meaning Saint Anne Lake in both languages) is the only crater lake in Romania located in the volcanic crater named Puciosul (Büdös-hegy or Stinky Mountain) of the Eastern Carpathians near Tuşnad in the Natural Reserve of Mohoș Harghita County Romania.Palynology studies concluded that the history of Lake Saint Anne began about 9800-8800 years ago at the stage of peat bog and shallow lake.It has an oval form and an area of 220000 m². 
 The Ryck is a river in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. From its source near Bartmannshagen part of the Süderholz community northeast of Grimmen the Ryck flows for about 28 km to the east reaching Greifswald shortly before its mouth. The larger part of the river outside Greifswald is also referred to as Ryckgraben.
 Lake Carnegie is a reservoir that is formed from a dam on the Millstone River in the far northeastern corner of Princeton Mercer County New Jersey United States. The Delaware and Raritan Canal and its associated tow path are situated along the eastern shore of the lake. Noted businessman and philanthropist Andrew Carnegie donated money for the construction of the lake which was donated to Princeton University.
 The Goceano (Sardinian: Costèra) is a historical and geographical region of center-north of Sardinia island Italy. It covers a surface of 480 km² and has a population of 13000 inhabitants (27 inhab./km²). It is located inside the Province of Sassari the main urban centres are Bono Italy considered the traditional Goceano's chieftown Benetutti Burgos Bultei Nule Esporlatu Illorai and Bottidda.
 The Rio Hondo (Spanish translation: Deep River) is a tributary of the Los Angeles River in Los Angeles County California approximately 16.4 miles (26.4 km) long. As a named river it begins in Irwindale and flows southwest to its confluence in South Gate passing through several cities (though not the city of Los Angeles).
 The Araraquara River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Halsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Stanley Bay is a bay in the southern part of Hong Kong Island located in the Southern District Hong Kong.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Şimişna River in Romania.
 The Río Cupeyes is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Otemma Glacier (French: Glacier d'Otemma) is a 7.7 km (4.8 mi) long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 17.5 km2 (6.8 sq mi).
 Alderfen Broad lies within The Broads National Park in Norfolk England.It is a nature reserve in the care of Norfolk Wildlife Trust.
 The Moder (French: la Moder German: die Moder) is a 93 km (58 mi) long river in northeastern France left tributary of the river Rhine. Its source is near the hamlet Moderfeld in the commune of Zittersheim. It joins the Rhine near the Iffezheim Lock in Germany.
 The Lox Yeo is a short river in North Somerset England. It rises at Winscombe and flows south west for about 6 kilometres (4 mi) to join the River Axe near Loxton.The river flows through a gap in the Mendip Hills between Crook Peak and Bleadon Hill through which the M5 motorway now runs.The river was once known simply as the Lox. The name appears to be of Celtic origin and means either winding stream or bright one.
 Tatina Glacier is a glacier in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Kichatna Mountains on the north side of the Cathedral Spires moving northeast. Its run-off is the source of the Tatina River.
 Karthala is an active volcano and the highest point of the Comoros at 2361 m (7746 ft) above sea level. It is the southernmost and larger of the two shield volcanoes forming Grande Comore island the largest island in the nation of Comoros. The Karthala volcano is notoriously active having erupted more than 20 times since the 19th century. Frequent eruptions have shaped the volcano’s 3 km by 4 km summit caldera but the island has largely escaped broad destruction.
 Longmu (Tibetan: ལུང་མུ་མཚོ Wylie: lung mu mtsho; Chinese: 龙木错; pinyin: Lóngmù Cuò） also Longmu Co or Longmucuo is a glacial lake in Rutog County in the Ngari Prefecture in the northwest of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. It was investigated in 1989 in a Sino-French expedition to western Tibet.
 Vinjeronden is one of the ten mountain in Rondane in Norway over 2000 metres. It lies on the border of the three municipalities Dovre Folldal and Sel and in the counties Oppland and Hedmark.The mountain is easily accessed by hiking from the cabin Rondvassbu (DNT) on the way from Rondvassbu to Rondeslottet the highest mountain in Rondane.
 The Corumbataí River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Schlern (Italian: Sciliar Ladin: Sciliër) (2563 m) is a mountain of the Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.The peak at the north west end of the mountain (left in the image at right) was first ascended in July 1880 by Johann Santner.
 Sovi River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Peacock Mountains are a small 26-mi (42 km) long mountain range in northwest Arizona USA. The range is a narrow sub-range and an extension north at the northeast of the Hualapai Mountains massif which lies to the southwest.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Sirețel River in Romania.
 Ingleborough Cave is a show cave close to the village of Clapham North Yorkshire England adjacent to where the water from Gaping Gill resurges.That part of the cave which is open to the public follows a fossil gallery for some 500 metres (1640 ft). The passage is spacious and well decorated with stalagmitic formations.Beyond the show cave the fossil gallery continues until it meets the main stream.
 Honey Lake is an endorheic sink within the Honey Lake Valley located in northeastern California near the Nevada border. Summer evaporation reduces the lake to a lower level of 12 square kilometers (3000 acres) and creates an alkali flat.[citation needed]Honey Lake recreational activities include bird-watching picnicking hiking camping warm-water fishing and waterfowl hunting.
 Sharks Nose is a (12234-foot (3729 m)) mountain located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Sharks Nose is on the west side of the Cirque of the Towers a popular climbing area. The peak is just north of Block Tower and immediately south of the peak known as Overhanging Tower. Sharks Nose is situated on the Continental Divide.
 The Cudriava River is a tributary of the Țibău River in Romania.
 Mount Konzhakovskiy Kamen (Russian: Конжаковский Камень) is a mountain in the northern Urals Sverdlovsk Oblast Russia.The Great Soviet Encyclopedia describes Konzhakovskiy as mountain massif of height 1569 m. Its constitution is pyroxenites and dunites of lower and middle Paleozoic era. The slopes are covered with conifers with some birch up to 900–1000 m with alpine tundra above.
 Fena Lake is the largest lake in the United States territory of Guam. It is located in the south of the island and is overlooked by the nearby peaks of Mounts Lamlam Alifan and Jumullong Manglo. The lake's outflow is to the northwest its waters eventually reaching the Pacific Ocean at Talofofo Bay.
 Kaptai Lake is a man made lake in south-eastern Bangladesh. It is located in the Kaptai Upazila under Rangamati District of Chittagong Division. The lake was created as a result of building the Kaptai Dam on the Karnaphuli River as part of the Karnaphuli Hydro-electric project. The Kaptai Lake's average depth is 100 feet (30 m) and maximum depth is 490 feet (150 m).
 Lake Waiau is a high-elevation lake located at 13020 feet (3970 m) above sea level on Mauna Kea on the island of Hawaiʻi. It is arguably the seventh highest lake in the USA (higher than Lake Titicaca) and one of very few lakes at all in the state of Hawaiʻi. It is relatively small only about 100 m across and varies in size as the water level rises and falls. At high water levels a small outlet stream appears at the northwest end but it is absorbed into the ground after a short distance.
 Sulby Reservoir is in the English county of Northamptonshire.Sulby Reservoir is the higher of a pair of reservoirs owned by British Waterways - the other being Welford Reservoir - that provide water to the summit level of the Grand Union Canal by way of the navigable Welford Arm.
 Springer Lake is a lake in central North America in the province of Manitoba Canada about 170 kilometres (110 mi) north east of the city of Winnipeg. It is situated in Nopiming Provincial Park.The Canadian Forces School of Survival and Aeromedical Training (CFSSAT) conducts Survival Evasion Resistance and Escape training at Springer Lake. Of note CFSSAT's activities have served to reduce poaching within the Provincial Park.
 Nama Pass (el. 5200 m (17100 ft)) is a Himalayan mountain pass located in eastern Kumaun region of the Pithoragarh District of Uttarakhand India.It links Kuthi and Darma Valley as crosses Nama and Kuthi villages. This was once a busy trade route to Tibet but is now rarely used.
 The Do Saco River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Pleasant Lake is a 606-acre (2.5 km2) lake located in Merrimack County in central New Hampshire United States in the town of New London. The village of Elkins is located at the east end of the lake next to its outlet.
 Mount Boardman is located in the Diablo Range in California. The summit is near a point where Santa Clara Alameda Stanislaus and San Joaquin counties meet. It was named for W. F. Boardman the Alameda County surveyor between 1865 and 1869.There is a higher peak to the north which is unofficially called Boardman North and has an elevation of 3629 feet (1106 m).
 Biberbach (Main) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Sayt'u Qucha (Quechua sayt'u long and narrow rectanguar qucha lake long and narrow lake hispanicized spellings Sayto Khocha Saytu Khocha Saytu Kocha) is a Bolivian lake located in the Cochabamba Department Quillacollo Province Tiquipaya Municipality situated about 4305 m high.
 The Kopuapounamu River is a river of the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It flows east from the easterrn end of the Raukumara Range reaching the Awatere River six kilometres south of Te Araroa.
 Bloody Mountain is located in the Sierra Nevada 1 mile North East of Mammoth Lakes (Mono County) in eastern California in the southwestern United States.
 Trott's Pond is a small lake in the northeast of Bermuda. Like many of Bermuda's lakes it is brackish as it lies close to the Atlantic Ocean.The lake lies in Hamilton Parish to the east of Harrington Sound and 800 metres (half a mile) northeast of the larger Mangrove Lake.
 The Wind River is a tributary of the East Fork Chandalar River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It arises in the Philip Smith Mountains of the Brooks Range and flows into the East Fork and eventually into the Yukon River.Wind River is a National Wild and Scenic River. The main stem headwaters and an unnamed tributary—140 miles (230 km) of streams in total—were designated wild in 1980. All lie within the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
 The Horyn or Haryn (Ukrainian: Горинь pronounced [ɦoˈrɪɲ] Belarusian: Гарынь pronounced [ɣaˈrɨnʲ] Russian: Горы́нь Polish: Horyń) is a river a tributary of the Pripyat River which flows through Ukraine and Belarus. It has a length of 659 km a drainage basin of 22700 km² a maximum width of 80 m and a maximum depth of 16 meters.
 Cherangani Hills gently rolling slopes in the western highlands of Kenya are one of Kenya's five main forests. The highlands the large central plateau is divided by the Mau Escarpment rising from the border with Tanzania up to the Cherangani Hills fencing the plateau that rises to the slopes of Mount Elgon.The Cherangany Hills in Trans Nzoia county of Kenya reach elevations of 3500 m above sea level.
 Tawllirahu (Quechua tawlli a kind of legume rahu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized spelling Taulliraju) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5830 metres (19127 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Santa Cruz District as well as in the Pomabamba Province Pomabamba District. Tawllirahu lies in the Huascarán National Park south east of the Pukahirka and east of the Rinrihirka.
 Luirojärvi is a rather small lake of Finland. It is located in Urho Kekkonen National Park in Lapland region.
 Kalandsvatnet is the largest lake in the municipality of Bergen in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Kohnstein is a hill 2 kilometres southwest of the village of Niedersachswerfen and 3 kilometres northwest of the centre of the town of Nordhausen. Gypsum mining created tunnels in the hill that were later used as a fuel/chemical depot and for Nazi Germany factories including the Mittelwerk V-2 rocket factory that used Mittelbau-Dora slave labour.
 Lake Kero is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is situated in Kuusamo municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia region and it belongs to the Iijoki main catchment area. The southern part of the lake is called Iso-Kero and northern part is called Keski-Kero.
 Delio Lake is a lake in the Province of Varese Lombardy Italy. At an elevation of 930 m its surface area is 4.85 km². It serves as the upper reservoir for the pumped-storage Roncovalgrande Hydroelectric Plant.
 The Barn Door Hills of north-central Connecticut are a pair of prominent rocky trap rock knobs separated by a steep sided gap. They are located in Granby Connecticut. The hills are an outlying section of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border. The crest of the Metacomet Ridge is located 3.75 miles (6.04 km) east at Hatchet Hill.
 The Linth (pronounced [ˈlɪnt] lint) is a Swiss river starting near the Klausen Pass above Linthal in the mountains of Glarus. It initially flows north through the canton of Glarus passing Schwanden where it is joined by its main tributary the Sernf Ennenda the town of Glarus Netstal and Näfels from where it is channeled into Lake Walen (Walensee).
 The Almagellhorn (or Almagellerhorn) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking Saas Almagell in the canton of Valais.
 Pukeashun Mountain is a peak in the Monashee Range in British Columbia Canada. It is the highest point in the Adams Plateau part of the Shuswap Highlands. The peak is the main feature of Pukeashun Provincial Park. Its name means white rock in the local Secwepemc language.
 Piz Lavirun (also known as Pizzo Leverone) is a mountain in the Livigno Range of the Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies between the Val Lavirun (Graubünden) and the Valle di Federia (Lombardy).
 The Santana River (Bahia) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Crater Glacier (also known as Tulutson Glacier) is a geologically young glacier that is located on Mount St. Helens in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier formed after the 1980 Eruption and due to its location the body of ice grew rapidly unknown to the public for nearly 20 years. The glacier once contained ice caves in the smooth ice before the 2004-2008 volcanic activity.
 The Desert Range is a mountain range in Clark County Nevada.
 Hoher Bogen is a mountain range of Bavaria Germany.
 The Rophaien (2078 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking Lake Lucerne in the canton of Uri. It lies west of the Rossstock at the western end of the range north of the Schächental.
 Mångby River (Swedish: Mångbyån) is a river in Sweden.
 Mount Jagungal is a mountain within the Jagungal Wilderness Area of the Kosciuszko National Park in New South Wales Australia. At 2061 metres AHD Mount Jagungal surpasses any elevation except for peaks in the Main Range and Gungartan (which is directly adjacent). Since it stands alone in an extensive plain Mount Jagungal is visible for many kilometres in all directions.
 Sierra de Orihuela (Valencian: Serra d'Oriola) is a 9.4 km (6 mi) long mountain range in the Vega Baja del Segura (Valencian: Baix Segura) comarca Valencian Community Spain. Its highest point is Peña de Orihuela (634 m). This range is named after the town of Orihuela (Valencian: Oriola) located at the feet of the mountains.
 Mount Dallmann is a bold mountain 2485 metres (8150 ft) high 11 miles (18 km) east of the northern portion of the Conrad Mountains in the Orvin Mountains of Queen Maud Land Antarctica. It was discovered by the Third German Antarctic Expedition (1938–1939) led by Captain Alfred Ritscher and named for Eduard Dallmann a German whaling captain who explored along the west coast of the Antarctic Peninsula in 1873–1874.
 Senj Hydroelectric Power Plant is a large high-pressure diversion power plant harnessing the Lika and Gacka Rivers water in Croatia. Senj HPP has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 72 MW each having a total capacity of 220 MW.It is operated by Hrvatska elektroprivreda.Another unit of HE Senj is about to be built with the support of EU funds and HEP Croatian Energy Company.
 Singletary Lake surrounded by Singletary Lake State Park in Bladen County North Carolina in the United States is one of a series of Carolina bay lakes that stretch from New Jersey to Florida along the Atlantic Coastal Plain. Exactly how the lakes were formed remains a mystery. What is known is that Singletary Lake is not fed by any stream but relies entirely upon rain.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 The Dumbrava River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Collins Lake previously known as Virginia Ranch Reservoir during its construction is a freshwater man-made lake with 1009 acres (4.08 km2) located in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada Mountains north of Sacramento California. The lake was originally created to provide additional irrigation water to Browns Valley and Loma Rica. It still serves that purpose as well as a recreation and fishing lake.
 Sasykkol Lake (Kazakh: Сасықкөл) is a lake in eastern part of Kazakhstan. It is located at around 46°35′0″N 81°0′0″E. It has an area of 600 km² (736 km² when water level in the lake is high) average depth of 3.3 m and maximum depth of 4.7 m. Fishery on the lake is common. The Mute Swan Whooper Swan and Spoonbill can be found here.
 The Beaver Dam Mountains are a 23 miles (37 km) long mountain range located mostly in extreme southwest Washington County Utah west of St. George with the south of the range extending into the Arizona Strip.The range contains the Beaver Dam Mountains Wilderness which straddles the state's borders. The south of the range can be impressively seen from Interstate 15 as it traverses the corridor into Utah through the Virgin River Gorge as the Virgin River exits the west of the Colorado Plateau.
 The Șieu River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Güere River is a river of northern Venezuela. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 Cnoc an Chuillin or Cnoc an Chuillinn (Irish for hill of the steep slope) is the seventh-highest mountain peak in Ireland at 958 metres (3143 ft) high. It lies about 3½ kilometres west-southwest of Carrauntoohil (Ireland's highest peak) in the MacGillycuddy's Reeks of County Kerry. Informally referred to as one of the Irish Munros the summit is officially counted by the Scottish Mountaineering Club as a Furth; a 3000 ft high peak outside Scotland.
 Hiunchuli (हिउँचुली) is a peak in the Himalayas of central Nepal. The mountain is an extension of Annapurna South. Between this peak and Machapuchare is a narrow section of the Modi Khola valley that provides the only access to the Annapurna Sanctuary. Hiunchuli was first climbed in October 1971 by an expedition led by U.S. Peace Corps Volunteer Craig Anderson.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Iaz River in Romania.
 The Fromberghorn (or Fromberghore) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located between Diemtigen and Reichenbach im Kandertal in the Bernese Oberland. It lies just south of the Niesen.
 The Bărzăuța River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
 Rhinog Fawr is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales and forms part of the Rhinogydd range. It is the third highest summit of the Rhinogydd losing out to Y Llethr and Diffwys respectively. Its smaller cousin Rhinog Fach lies to the south separated by the pass of Bwlch Drws Ardudwy while its other neighbour Moel Ysgyfarnogod lies to the north. In common with most of the range the terrain is characterised by hard sedimentary rock covered with heather making progress on foot difficult.
 Steinbecke (Möhne) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ottenstein is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Manganuiohou River is a river of the northeast of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southwards from its source in Te Urewera National Park immediately to the northwest of Lake Waikaremoana and joins with the Waiau River at the park's southwestern boundary.
 Swan Lake is the second largest lake in Waldo County Maine. Originally known as Goose Pond during the 19th century it came increasingly to be referred to as Swan Lake after the town of Swanville Maine which before incorporation had been known as the Plantation of Swan.The lake is drained by Goose River through a small dam that is owned and operated by Goose River Hydro Inc. which also owns the water rights.
 The Secaș River is a tributary of the Târnava River in Romania.
 Lake Hauroko is located in a mountain valley in Fiordland National Park in the South Island of New Zealand. The long S-shaped lake is 30 kilometres in length and covers an area of 63 km². The surface is at an altitude of 150 metres above sea level and the lake is 463 metres deep. It is New Zealand's deepest lake.One of the country's southernmost lakes it is 35 kilometres northwest of Tuatapere between the similarly-sized lakes Monowai and Poteriteri.
 The Chopim River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Grand Canal (Italian: Canal Grande Venetian: Canałasso) is a canal in Venice Italy.
 Samambula River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Monoșel River is a tributary of the Beliș River in Romania.
 The Yàntra (Bulgarian: Янтра) is a river in northern Bulgaria a right tributary of the Danube. It is 285 km long (the third longest Bulgarian tributary of the Danube) and has a watershed of 7862 km².The Yantra has its source from the northern foot of Hadzhi Dimitar Peak in Central Stara Planina at 1340 m. In its upper course it is often called Etar (Етър) its older name.
 The Piedmont is a plateau region located in the eastern United States between the Atlantic Coastal Plain and the main Appalachian Mountains stretching from New Jersey in the north to central Alabama in the south. The Piedmont province is a physiographic province of the larger Appalachian division. The province consists of the Piedmont Upland and Piedmont Lowlands sections.The fall line marks its eastern boundary with the Coastal Plain.
 Pizzo Farno is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 McAfee Peak is the highest mountain in the Independence Mountains of northern Elko County Nevada. It is in the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
 The Nombre de Dios River is a river of Panama.
 The Făncica River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Aver See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 47.8 m its surface area is 0.06 km².
 The Bait Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains located on the west side of northern Takla Lake in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Chamar is the highest peak of the Sringi (or Serang) Himal which is a subrange of the Nepalese Himalayas.Chamar and the entire Sringi Himal lie in Central Nepal just south of the Tibetan border between the Shyar Khola valley on the east and the Tom Khola—Trisuli Gandaki valley on the west. Chamar is about 90 km northwest of Kathmandu and about 25 km east of Manaslu the nearest eight-thousander.
 Lake Elbert is a circular lake with a circular cove on its southwest side. The Polk County Water Atlas says it is sometimes known as Little Elbert but no other sources have used this name. Lake Elbert is a natural freshwater lake with a 172-acre (700000 m2) surface area. It has ten to twelve mostly very small islands all near shore. The largest on the south side is about 150 feet (46 m) long and about 75 feet (23 m) wide. It is entirely surrounded by Lake Elbert Drive.
 Kirchengrundbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Allatoona (rarely called Allatoona Lake its government name) is a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers reservoir in Georgia located in northwestern metro Atlanta. The lake is mostly in southwestern Cherokee County but a significant part is in southeastern Bartow County and a small part in Cobb County near Acworth. Cartersville is the nearest large town to the dam. Red Top Mountain State Park is located on its shores on the peninsula between the Etowah and Allatoona arms of the lake.
 Mount Garibaldi is a potentially active stratovolcano in the Sea to Sky Country of British Columbia 80 km (50 mi) north of Vancouver Canada. Located in the southernmost Coast Mountains it is one of the most recognized peaks in the South Coast region as well as British Columbia's best known volcano. It lies within the Garibaldi Ranges of the Pacific Ranges.This heavily eroded dome complex occupies the southwest corner of Garibaldi Provincial Park overlooking the town of Squamish.
 Quartz Mountain is a located 35 miles (56 km) east of Roseburg in Douglas County Oregon United States. Located within the Jackson Creek subbasin a tributary of the South Umpqua River Quartz Mountain is 5200 feet (1600 m) above sea level. It has a large deposit of high-purity silica.
 The Chiojdul Mare River is a headwater of the Chiojdul River in Romania.
 Moorbach (Bever) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Poulter River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. The Poulter rises on the southern slopes of Mount Koeti in Arthur's Pass National Park flowing predominantly southwest to reach the Waimakariri River 15 kilometres to the east of Cass.
 The Jamieson River is an inland river in Victoria Australia. The river rises in Alpine National Park and flows into the Goulburn River at the town of Jamieson. Its tributaries are Jamieson River north branch and Jamieson River south branch.
 Chrome Hill /ˈkruːm/ is a limestone reef knoll on the Derbyshire side of the upper Dove valley. It is adjacent to the more distinctive but lower Parkhouse Hill. Chrome Hill was declared open access land under the provisions of the Countryside and Rights of Way Act 2000. However the only access from the North West remains along a concessionary footpath.
 Gilgit River (Urdu: دریائے گلگت‎) is a tributary of the Indus River and flows past the town of Gilgit. It is located in the Northern Areas of Gilgit–Baltistan Pakistan. The Gilgit starts from Shandur lake. The Gilgit River is also referred to as the Ghizar River.Shandur is a place where an annual polo game is played between teams representing Chitral and Gilgit. Shandur is the route to Chitral from Gilgit in the Hindukush mountain range and has a height of about 12000 ft (3700 m).
 Aso Rock is a large outcrop that is on the outskirts of Abuja the capital of Nigeria. The Aso Rock is a 400 metre monolith and is the city's most noticeable feature. The Nigerian Presidential Complex Nigerian National Assembly and Nigerian Supreme Court are located around it. Much of the town extends to the south of the rock.
 Lake Cachi (Spanish: Lago de Cachí ) is an artificial lake in central Costa Rica created by the Cachí Dam (Represa de Cach) an arch dam which is located north of Tapantí National Park to the east-southeast of Cartago in Cartago Province. The main town is Cachí located away from the east bank of the lake. Built in the 1970s it was one of the first hydroelectric projects in Costa Rica.
 Mount Vaea is a 472 m summit overlooking Apia the capital of Samoa located on the north central coast of Upolu island. The mountain is situated south about 3 km inland from Apia township and harbour. The settlement at the foothills on the northern side of the mountain is called Lalovaea (below Vaea in Samoan). Mount Vaea is most well known as the burial place of Robert Louis Stevenson who lived the last four years of his life in Samoa before his death on 3 December 1894.
 The Schwarza is a river in the districts of Waldshut and Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is in the Rhine drainage basin and is a right tributary of the Schlücht.
 The Hawk Creek (Bahamas) is a river of the Bahamas.
 The Ștevioara River is a tributary of the Puru River in Romania.
 Rosse is a bowl-shaped lunar impact crater located in the southern part of Mare Nectaris. To the southwest is the large flooded crater Fracastorius.The interior of the crater has a higher albedo than the surrounding lunar mare making it readily visible. While it lacks a ray system of its own it lies across rays that cover the Mare Nectaris. Low ridges in the mare lie between this crater and Fracastorius to the southwest.
 The Rediu River is a tributary of the Albuia River in Romania.
 Penang River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Brebu River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 Brouwer is a large lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. Intruding into the western rim of Brouwer is the younger and somewhat smaller crater Langmuir. Further to the east-southeast is the larger walled plain Blackett.This is an old crater formation with a rim that has been heavily worn due to subsequent impacts.
 Juri Quta (Aymara juri mud foul water dull wet quta lake mud lake or dull lake  hispanicized spellings Juri Kkota Juri Khota Juri Kota Yuri Kkota) is a lake in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Batallas Municipality Turquia Canton. It lies north of the Kunturiri massif south east of Wila Lluxita and east of Wila Lluxi at the foot of Mullu Apachita.
 Zeya River (Russian: Зе́я; Manchu: Jingkiri bira also Latinized as Zeja River) 1242 km long is a northern tributary of the Amur River. It rises in the Tokiysky Stanovik mountain ridge a part of the Stanovoy Range. The first Russian to enter the area was Vassili Poyarkov.Zeya flows through the Zeya Reservoir and joins the Amur River near Blagoveshchensk in Russia's Amur Oblast.
 The Comarna River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in eastern Romania.
 Neruda is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 112 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 2008. Neruda is named for the Chilean poet Pablo Neruda who lived from 1904 to 1973.
 Rock Creek is an 18.9-mile-long (30.4 km) tributary of the Monocacy River in south-central Pennsylvania and serves as the border between Cumberland and Mount Joy townships. Rock Creek was used by the Underground Railroad (at McAllister's Mill slaves would slosh through the water to throw off the tracking dogs that were pursuing them) and flows near several Gettysburg Battlefield sites including Culp's Hill the Benner Hill artillery location and Barlow Knoll.
 The Huza River is a tributary of the Iara River in Romania.
 The Tisa River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Cilindro de Marboré (3328 m) (also known as Pico Cilindro and Pic du Cylindre) is a mountain in the Monte Perdido massif in the Pyrenees.It is one of the three mountains comprising Las Tres Sorores (the three sisters) the others being Monte Perdido (3355 m) and Soum de Ramond (3263 m)
 The Uri-Rotstock is a mountain on the territory of Isenthal Uri Switzerland.
 Oresme is a crater on the Moon's far side. It lies just to the west-northwest of the larger Von Kármán. To the southwest of Oresme is Chrétien and to the northwest is the Mare Ingenii. This crater was believed to have formed during the Nectarian epoch about 4 billion years ago.This crater has a considerably damaged outer rim that forms an uneven irregular ring about the interior floor.
 For the Velikaya river in Far East Siberia see Velikaya River (Chukotka).The Velikaya (Russian: Великая) is a river in Novosokolnichesky Pustoshkinsky Sebezhsky Opochetsky Pushkinogorsky Ostrovsky Palkinsky and Pskovsky Districts of Pskov Oblast as well as in the city of Pskov in Russia. It is a major tributary of Lake Peipus and belongs to the basin of the Narva River. It is 430 kilometres (270 mi) long and the area of its basin 25200 square kilometres (9700 sq mi).
 The Ozunca River or Bățani River is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania. The name Ozunca is used mostly for the upper reach of the river while the name Bățani is used for the lower reach.
 Herron Glacier is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Alaska Range on the north side of Mount Foraker moving northwest for 14 miles (23 km). It is the source of the Herron River. The name was given by A.H. Brooks of the U.S. Geological Survey to honor Lt. Joseph S. Herron who mapped much of the region..
 South Cascade Glacier is a large alpine glacier in the North Cascades of Washington USA. It is bordered on the east by 8261-foot (2518 m) Sentinel Peak and is about 17 mi (27 km) north of Glacier Peak in the Glacier Peak Wilderness.
 The Rolling River is a short river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It is formed by the confluence of several streams - Nuggety Creek Blue Creek and Granny Creek - and flows north to reach the Wangapeka River 12 kilometres north of Mount Owen.
 Blà Bheinn (also known as Blaven) is a mountain on the Isle of Skye in Scotland. It is usually regarded as an outlier to the Black Cuillin. It is mainly composed of gabbro a rock with excellent grip for mountaineers and scramblers. The name Blà Bheinn is thought to mean blue mountain from a combination of Norse and Gaelic.
 The Bridgewater Canal connects Runcorn Manchester and Leigh in North West England. It was commissioned by Francis Egerton 3rd Duke of Bridgewater to transport coal from his mines in Worsley to Manchester.
 The Luncani River or Râul Luncanilor is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania. The river starts at the junction of headwaters Valea Morii and Pârâul Vânătorului.
 Matupiri River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Klanten is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Upper Fremont Glacier is in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming. This Wind River Range alpine glacier is associated with the largest grouping of glaciers in the U.S. Rocky Mountains and lies on the north slope of Fremont Peak the third tallest mountain in Wyoming.
 White Breast Creek is an important tributary of the Des Moines River in Iowa. It flows 91.3 miles (146.9 km) from southwest to northeast rising in Ward Township in Union County near Osceola and flowing in an easterly then a northeasterly direction to its mouth with the Des Moines River at Lake Red Rock.
 Kvitskardtinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Gold Coast Broadwater also known as Southport Broadwater and Gold Coast Harbour is a large shallow estuary of water reaching from the locality of Southport to the southern section of the World Heritage Listed Moreton Bay along the eastern coast of Australia. Separated from the ocean by the a thin strip of land called Stradbroke Island the original body of water was a lagoon created from water deposited from the Nerang River.
 Hadley Mountain is a mountain located in the southern Adirondacks of New York State. The Hadley Mountain Fire Observation Station was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 23 2001 for its role as a Fire lookout tower with the New York State Forest Preserve. Hadley Mountain is the highest of the three peaks that form the West Mountain ridge.
 The Waiorongomai River is a river of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally east from its sources in the Rimutaka Forest Park to reach the southern end of Lake Wairarapa.
 The Gave d'Oloron is a river of south-western France near the border with Spain. It takes its name from the city Oloron-Sainte-Marie where it is formed from the rivers Gave d'Aspe and Gave d'Ossau.It joins the Gave de Pau (left tributary) in Peyrehorade.
 Doi Ang Khang (Thai: ดอยอ่างขาง) is a mountain in Fang District Chiang Mai Province Thailand. It is part of the Daen Lao Range that straddles both sides of the Burmese-Thai border. It is the site of an agriculture station which was the first research station set up by King Bhumibol Adulyadej in 1969. The peak of Doi Ang Khang is 1928 metres (6325 ft) above sea level and the agriculture station covers an area of 16577 rai.
 Baslerweiher (literally Pond of Basel) is an artificial pond in Seewen Canton of Solothurn Switzerland. Its dam was built in 1870 to supply water to Basel.
 Pizzo Marumo is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking the Greina Pass in Switzerland. It is located in the canton of Ticino near the border with the canton of Graubünden.
 Kleppe (Orpe) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Pârâul Repede is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 Maxwell Bay is a waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It lies off the southern coast of Devon Island in the eastern high Arctic. Like Croker Bay to the west it is an arm of Lancaster Sound and Barrow Strait.Maxwell Bay was named by William Edward Parry in honor of Sir Murray Maxwell.
 Blueberry Mountain is a mountain located in western Maine. Named because of the abundant blueberries on its summit and upper slopes it is a popular day hike. The summit area is partially open and has good views over Evans Notch and toward North and South Baldface in New Hampshire. It is ascended by the White Cairn Stone House and Blueberry Ridge trails. It is considered a spur of Speckled Mountain.
 The Machipongo River is a 16.5-mile-long (26.6 km) river in Accomack County on the Eastern Shore of the U.S. state of Virginia.
 The Hartland River is a perennial river of the East Gippsland catchment located in the Australian state of Victoria.
 Mount Taylor is a stratovolcano in northwest New Mexico northeast of the town of Grants. It is the high point of the San Mateo Mountains and the highest point in the Cibola National Forest. It was named in 1849 for then president Zachary Taylor. Prior to that it was called Cebolleta (tender onion) by the Spanish; the name persists as one name for the northern portion of the San Mateo Mountains a large mesa. Mount Taylor is largely forested rising like a blue cone above the desert below.
 The Shakey River is a 26.2-mile-long (42.2 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan which flows into the Menominee River a tributary of Lake Michigan.
 The Scotia Sea is a sea that is located in both the Southern Ocean and the South Atlantic Ocean.
 Sirsalis is a relatively young lunar impact crater located near the western lunar limb to the southwest of the Oceanus Procellarum. The crater lies across a ridge that runs in a north–south direction. It has a sharp edge and a low central peak. The crater overlaps the slightly larger and older Sirsalis A to the west-southwest and the two form a distinctive feature.To the east is a rille system named the Rimae Sirsalis.
 Jabal al-Tair Island (Jebel Teir Jabal al-Tayr Tair Island Al-Tair Island Jazirat at-Tair; Arabic: جزيرة جبل الطير‎ Jazīrat Jabal aṭ-Ṭayr literally Bird Mountain Island) is a roughly oval volcanic island northwest of the constricted Bab al-Mandab passage at the mouth of the Red Sea about half way between Yemen and Eritrea.
 The Halliste is a 86 km (53 mi) long river in Viljandi County Estonia left tributary to the river Navesti. Its source is on the Sakala uplands. The basin area of Halliste is 1900 km² and average discharge 17.3 m³/s.
 Lake Salinas is a salt lake in Peru.
 Austin Bayou is a river in Texas. The river is named for Stephen F. Austin who led 300 American families into Texas and was the 1st Secretary of State of the Republic of Texas.
 McLaughlin Crater is an old crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 21.9°N 337.63°E﻿ / 21.9; 337.63. It is 90.92 km (56.50 mi) in diameter and 2.2 km (1.4 mi) deep. The crater was named after Dean B. McLaughlin an American astronomer (1901-1965). The Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has found evidence that the water came from beneath the surface between 3.7 billion and 4 billion years ago and remained long enough to make carbonate-related clay minerals found in layers.
 Aquilla Creek is a river in Texas.
 The Yarra River New Zealand is a river in New Zealand. It flows generally northeast from its source north of Hanmer Springs flowing into the Acheron River approximately half way between Hanmer Springs and Molesworth Station.
 Gloppefjorden or Gloppenfjorden is a fjord in Gloppen Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 12-kilometre (7.5 mi) long fjord flows from the village of Sandane in the southeast to its mouth at the Nordfjorden in the northwest. The river Gloppeelva is the primary inflow on the fjord. The river comes from the large lake Breimsvatnet. The 2.7-kilometre (1.7 mi) wide fjord has a lot of settlements along the inner parts of the fjord especially on the eastern side of the fjord.
 The Carajá River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Sarthe is a river in western France. Together with the river Mayenne it forms the river Maine which is a tributary to the river Loire.Its source is in the Orne département near Moulins-la-Marche.
 The Recoltiaș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Thorpe Cloud is an isolated limestone hill (a reef knoll) lying between the villages of Thorpe and Ilam at the southern end of Dovedale. It is a popular hill amongst the many day-trippers who visit the area and provides a fine viewpoint north up the dale and south across the Midland plain.Like much of the dale including Bunster Hill on the opposite bank it is in the ownership of the National Trust and is part of their South Peak Estate.
 The river Jeetzel which begins in the Altmark under the name Jeetze flows from Saxony-Anhalt through Lower Saxony in Germany. From its source near the village of Dönitz it flows north through Beetzendorf Salzwedel Wustrow Lüchow and Dannenberg before joining the Elbe in Hitzacker. Its total length is 73 km. A left tributary of the Elbe the Jeetzel has itself several tributaries including the Salzwedel Dumme and the Wustrow Dumme.
 The Tönsberg is a hill ridge in the Teutoburg Forest that reaches a height of 333.4 m above sea level and lies in the district of Lippe near Oerlinghausen. Hermann's Way runs over the Tönsberg for about 3.5 km.
 Rowley's Hill is a hill in Cambridgeshire near the villages of Harston and Newton. Although of only moderate height (50 m/164 ft) it has a relatively large prominence due to it being surrounded on all sides by a 'moat' of much lower land. It therefore stands separate from the other hills in the region and has a distinctive appearance.The hill has a north east top St Margaret's Mount (52.1362°N 0.1056°E﻿ / 52.1362; 0.1056) on top of which is an obelisk.
 Cerro Peró or Cerro Tres Kandú (Perõ or Tres Kandu in the Guaraní language) is a peak and the highest point of Paraguay with an altitude of 842 metres (2762 ft). It is located in the municipality of General Eugenio Garay Guairá Department in a hill range named Ybytyruzú.This hill is important for the Armed Forces of Paraguay because it is a strategic location to place the army repeater or radio-link for their communication.
 The Pequonnock River is a 16.7-mile-long (26.9 km) waterway in eastern Fairfield County Connecticut flowing through the city of Bridgeport. The river has a penchant for flooding particularly in spring since the removal of a retention dam in Trumbull in the 1950s. There seems to be a sharp difference of opinion among historians as to just what the Indian word Pequonnock signifies.
 The Găina River is a tributary of the Cârlibaba River in Romania.
 Mount Mekunnai (目国内岳 Mekunnai-dake) is an andesitic volcano in the Mount Raiden Volcanic Group on the border between Iwanai and Rankoshi Hokkaidō Japan. Mount Mekunnai is a pyroclastic cone. The mountain consists of primarily non-alkali mafic volcanic rock. The rock is younger than that of neighboring Mount Raiden being categorized at 700000 to 13000 years old. The rock is older than that of the Niseko Volcanic Group.
 The Tehuantepec River is a river of Mexico.
 Rupanco Lake is located in Los Lagos Region of Chile. The closest city Osorno has a primary school named after it as well.
 Nandi River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Marchburn River is a river of Marlborough Region New Zealand.
 Sennebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Trâmpoiele River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 Lambach (Eickumer Mühlenbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Vysoky (Russian: Высокий) is a stratovolcano located in the southeastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.Its name literally means tall or high in Russian.
 Llyn Cowlyd is the deepest lake in north Wales. It lies in the Snowdonia National Park on the edge of the Carneddau range of mountains at a height of 1164 feet (355 m) above sea level. The lake is long and narrow measuring nearly 2 miles (3 km) long and about a third of a mile (500 m) wide and covers an area of 269 acres (1.1 km2).
 Alnus Peak is located on the Canadian provincial boundary between Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1921 by Arthur O. Wheeler; alnus is the Latin name of the Alder tree. The name may refer to the dense stands of Red Alder found in the area.
 The Becs de Bosson are a multi-summited mountain of the Pennine Alps located between St-Martin and Grimentz in the canton of Valais.
 Mount Jefferson is a mountain located just outside Charlottesville Virginia United States in Albemarle County. It lies south of Lewis Mountain and is positioned at the northeastern edge of the Ragged Mountains.It was named Mount Jefferson in honor of Thomas Jefferson after the establishment of the Leander McCormick Observatory on the summit in 1885.
 Schloßgrundgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Cochichewick River also known as Cochichewick Brook is a 1.6-mile-long (2.6 km) stream in North Andover Massachusetts that drains water from Lake Cochichewick into the Merrimack River.
 Oberhermsdorfer Bach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 May Hill is a hill between Gloucester and Ross-on-Wye. Its summit is on the western edge of Gloucestershire though its northern slopes are in Herefordshire. The hill is made distinctive by a clump of trees on its top.
 The Ngakawau River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally northwest reaching the Tasman Sea at Hector.The Charming Creek Railway line used to run alongside Ngakawau River in the Lower Ngakawau Gorge transporting coal from mines in the Ngakawau River catchment area. The disused bush tram track now forms a section of the Charming Creek Walkway.
 The Curisevo River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Frenchman Creek is a spring-fed waterway that begins in Phillips County Colorado crosses Chase and Hayes counties in Nebraska and ends at its juncture with the Republican River in Hitchcock County Nebraska. The length of the waterway is approximately 166 miles (267 km).
 The Leistchamm (2101 m) is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps located east of Amden in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies at the western end of the range overlooking the Walensee named Churfirsten.
 Rogozna (Serbian Cyrillic: Рогозна) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia near the city of Novi Pazar. Its highest peak Crni vrh has an elevation of 1479 meters above sea level.
 Challwaqucha (Quechua challwa fish qucha lake fish lake hispanicized spelling Chalhuacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Jauja Province Canchayllo District. It lies northeast of the lakes Llaksaqucha and Mankhaqucha east of the mountain Challwaqucha (Chalhuacocha) and north of the mountain Wiraqucha.
 The Schrattenfluh (also spelled Schrattenflue) is a mountain of the Swiss Alps located in the upper Emmental in the canton of Lucerne. The Schrattenfluh is composed of several summits of which the highest (2092 m) is named Hengst.
 Bruchwetter is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Monte San Giorgio is a wooded mountain (1097 m above sea level) located between the south of canton Ticino in Switzerland and the region of Lombardy in Italy. Monte San Giorgio became a UNESCO World Heritage Sites in 2003 because it is the single best known record of marine life in the Triassic period and records important remains of life on land as well. The Italian side of the mountain was added as an extension to the World Heritage Site in 2010.
 Slapy Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in the Czech Republic that has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 36 MW each having a total capacity of 144 MW.
 Bangjangsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 743 metres.
 Mount Hakkyō (八経ヶ岳 Hakkyō-ga-take) is a 1914.6 m (6281 ft) mountain of Omine Mountains which is located on the border of Tenkawa and Kamikitayama Yoshino District Nara Prefecture Japan.
 The Rebra River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is sometimes known as Gușeț River.
 Ludwigshofer See is a lake in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 2.8 m its surface area is 0.18 km².
 Arroyo Corte Madera del Presidio is a 4.1-mile-long (6.6 km) year-round stream in southern Marin County California USA. This watercourse is also known as Corte Madera Creek although the actual stream of that name flows into San Francisco Bay further north at Point San Quentin.
 The Geisshorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Aletsch Glacier in the canton of Valais.
 The Da Guarda River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Cieszynka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Płociczna. In the Austro-Hungarian Empire it was known as the Dessel.
 The Muonio River (Finnish: Muonionjoki; Swedish: Muonio älv) is a river of northern Finland and Sweden. It is a tributary of the Tornio River. Together the two rivers form the national border between Finland and Sweden. The river is 230 kilometres long.
 Klöpferbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Winston Creek is a river in Kenora District Ontario Canada. It rises at Winston Lake at an elevation of 378 metres (1240 ft) and travels 11 kilometres (7 mi) before emptying into Coones Bay at the northeast end of Lac Seul at an elevation of 350 metres (1148 ft).
 The Pasărea River is a tributary of the Cernat River in Romania.
 Sint Anna Bay or Santa Anna Bay (Dutch: Sint Annabaai) is a deep channel approximately one mile long and up to 1000 feet wide located on the island of Curaçao between the two parts of Willemstad Punda and Otrobanda.The bay opens into the Caribbean Sea at the southern end and into the Schottegat lagoon/industrial area to the north.
 Benleagh (Irish: Binn Liath meaning Grey Peak) is a mountain in County Wicklow Ireland. With a height of 689 metres (2260 ft) it is the 19th highest mountain in the Wicklow Mountains and the 126th highest summit in Ireland.
 Vaughn Pond is a 22-acre (89000 m2) pond in Carver Massachusetts near the center of the town.
 The Swift River is a 26.7-mile-long (43.0 km) river in western Maine. It is a tributary of the Androscoggin River which flows to the Kennebec River near its mouth at the Atlantic Ocean.The Swift River rises in Franklin County at the outlet of Swift River Pond a small water body southeast of the Rangeley Lakes.
 The Alto Braço River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Rauhhügel is a 812.9 m high (above sea level) mountain located in the Thuringian Highland Thuringia (Germany).It is located close to the municipalities of Schmiedefeld and Lichte and the Leibis-Lichte Dam in the Saalfeld-Rudolstadt district in the Thuringian Forest Nature Park within walking distance of the Rennsteig.The Leipzig tower on top of the Rauhhügel is 17.5 m high.
 Wether Down is one of the highest hills in the county of Hampshire England and in the South Downs rising to 234 metres (768 ft) above sea level.Wether Hill is largely treeless and there is a trig point and transmission mast at the summit. Cross dykes and a long barrow in the vicinity provide evidence of prehistoric settlement in the area.
 Akita-Yake-Yama is a small stratovolcano on Honshu known for its radioactive waters. A small parasitic lava dome is located four km from the volcano.
 The Cățelu River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 The Trafoier Eiswand is a mountain in the Ortler Alps on the border between South Tyrol and the Province of Sondrio Italy.
 The Sand River (Afrikaans: Sandrivier formerly Zand Rivier) is a river in the Free State South Africa. It is located close to Welkom and Virginia in the gold mining center of the Free State. Its source is located close to Tweefontein NW of Ficksburg not far from the South Africa/Lesotho border at 28°40′49″S 27°41′23″E. This river is famous because of the historical Sand River Convention an important event in South African history.
 Minster Pool is a reservoir located between Bird Street and Dam Street in the heart of the city of Lichfield Staffordshire in the United Kingdom. The pool lies directly south of Lichfield Cathedral and historically has been important to the defence of the Cathedral Close. The pool was originally formed in the 11th century when a boggy stream was dammed at its eastern end to drive a mill on Dam Street.
 The Agapia River is a tributary of the Topolița River in Romania.
 The Brno Reservoir previously known as the Kníničky Reservoir (Czech: Brněnská přehrada also known as prigl in Hantec slang) is a dam on the Svratka River right outside the city of Brno Czech Republic. The construction of a levee on the 56th river kilometre of the Svratka River together with flooding of a valley with the Kníničky village in created the Brno Reservoir.
 Burgäschisee is a lake near Aeschi in Switzerland on the border of the cantons of Berne and Solothurn. The lake has a surface of 21 ha and a maximum depth of 36 m.In 1941 and 1943 the waterlevel was lowered by 2 m. The current surface elevation is 465 m.
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 The Lake of Sainte-Croix (French: lac de Sainte-Croix) is a man-made lake that was formed by the construction between 1971 and 1974 (when it was put into service) of a reinforced-concrete arch dam by the name of Dam of Sainte-Croix (French: Barrage de Sainte-Croix). The reservoir holds a maximum of 761 million cubic metres of water.
 Etang Grenon or Lac Grenon is a lake at Montana in the canton of Valais Switzerland. Located at an elevation of 1497 m its surface area is 3.5 ha.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Aros River is a river of Mexico.
 Ard Crags is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria England it is situated in the Newlands Valley just off the minor road between Keswick and Buttermere. The Ordnance Survey officially records the fell's altitude at 581 metres (1906 feet) considerably more than the approximate 1860 feet that Alfred Wainwright attributed to it in his Pictorial Guide to the North Western Fells published in 1964 well before the advent of satellite mapping.
 The Sauberge is a mountain range up to 317 m above sea level in the Innerste Uplands in the district of Hildesheim in eastern Lower Saxony in Germany.
 The Tuolumne River (/tuːˈɒləmiː/; Yokutsan: Tawalimnu) is a California river that flows for 149 miles (240 km) from the central Sierra Nevada to the San Joaquin River in the Central Valley. The river is formed by the confluence of the Lyell and Dana Forks in Yosemite National Park; from there it flows generally westward through the foothills of the Sierra Nevada where it is dammed by the New Don Pedro Dam through farmland in the Central Valley to its mouth near Modesto.
 South Dandalup River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.The river rises at White Horse Hills North of Boddington and flows in westerly direction.
 Virrat is a Martian impact crater approximately 54 kilometres in diameter. It is located at 31.1°S 103°W southwest of the crater Dinorwic and northeast of Clantas Fossae. Several Virrat crater radii to the north are the craters Koga and Nhill. It is named after a town in Finland and its name was approved by the International Astronomical Union in 1991.
 The Gliganu River is a tributary of the Dâmbovnic River in Romania. It flows through Gliganu de Jos a village in Rociu commune. Its main tributary is Gligănel a river that flows through the village Gliganu de Sus also in Rociu commune. Both rivers have sharp valleys and dry up in summer. Gliganu flows in Dâmbovnic River upstream the confluence with Mozacu River.
 The Tihul River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 Lake Maggiore (Italian: Lago Maggiore pronounced [ˈlaːɡo madˈdʒoːre] lit. 'Greater Lake') or Lago Verbano ([verˈbaːno]; Latin: Lacus Verbanus) is a large lake located on the south side of the Alps. It is the second largest lake in Italy in the Lombardy region and largest lake of the canton of Ticino Switzerland.
 The Granatspitze (3086 m AA) is the mountain giving its name to the Granatspitze Group in the High Tauern the Alpine backbone of Austria. This despite the fact that several peaks in this group are actually higher for example the Stubacher Sonnblick which is less than a kilometre to the north and two metres higher. But unlike its oft-climbed neighbour the Granatspitze is more rarely frequented due to the level of difficulty of the ascent.
 The Cotingo River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 The Solona River is a tributary of the Cristolțel River in Romania.
 Lac de Bonnal is a lake between Haute-Saône and Doubs France.
 The Don River is one of two rivers bounding the original settled area of Toronto Ontario along the shore of Lake Ontario the other being the Humber River to the west. The Don is formed from two rivers the East and West Branches that meet about 7 kilometres (4 mi) north of Lake Ontario while flowing southward into the lake. The area below the confluence is known as the lower Don and the areas above as the upper Don.
 The Călinu River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 Mučanj (Serbian Cyrillic: Мучањ) is a mountain in western Serbia near the town of Ivanjica. Its highest peak Klekov Vrh (Jerinin grad) has an elevation of 1534 meters above sea level.
 The Cascade River is a 17.1-mile-long (27.5 km) river in northeastern Minnesota United States. Running through Cook County it debouches into Lake Superior between Grand Marais and Lutsen. Its lower courses flow through Cascade River State Park.
 The Pârâul Auriu or Valea Aurului River (German: Goldbach) is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 Gothensee is a lake in Usedom Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 0 m its surface area is 5.56 km².
 Promethei Terra is a large Martian region covering 3300 km at its broadest extent. It lies to the east of the massive Hellas basin. Like much of the southern part of the planet it is a heavily cratered highland region. Promethei Terra was named for a classic albedo feature of Mars with the original name derived from that of the Greek god Prometheus. Promethei Terra lies mostly in the Hellas quadrangle of Mars.
 Fox is a small lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies near the northern rim of the crater Wyld and to the southeast of Babcock. This crater is bowl-shaped with a roughly circular rim simple sloping walls and a relatively level featureless interior. There is some talus along the northern inner wall.
 The Săraz River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 Lago di Montepulciano is a lake in the Province of Siena Tuscany Italy. At an elevation of 249 m its surface area is 1.9 km².
 Breakfast Creek an urban watercourse that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in Greater Western Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 The Storhașu River is a tributary of the Cobleș River in Romania.
 The Valea Râpelor River is a tributary of the Petroșnița River in Romania.
 Lake of the Clouds is a lake located in Ontonagon County in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan within the Porcupine Mountains Wilderness State Park. The lake is situated in a valley between two ridges in the Porcupine Mountains.
 Monte Alpi with its twin peaks Pizzo Falcone (1.900 m) and S. Croce (1.893 m) is a mountain of Basilicata Italy.
 North Fork Mountain is a quartzite-capped mountain ridge in the Ridge and Valley physiographic province of the Allegheny Mountains (or High Alleghenies or Potomac Highlands) of eastern West Virginia USA.
 The Brisen is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the cantons of Nidwalden and Uri in Central Switzerland. It is located near the slightly higher Hoh Brisen.The western ridge named Haldigrat is the easiest way to the summit.
 Lago Bianco (Italian for white lake) is a lake in the Province of Vercelli Piedmont Italy. At an elevation of 2332 m its surface area is 0.03 km².
 The Maringa river is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The Maringa and the Lopori River to the north join near Basankusu to form the Lulonga River a tributary of the Congo River.The Maringa / Lopori basin contains the Maringa-Lopori-Wamba Landscape an area of great ecological importance.The Ngando people live in the Maringa River area north of Ikela.
 Bluestone Lake is a flood control reservoir located on the New River near Hinton West Virginia. At its normal pool level Bluestone Dam impounds a 10.7-mile (17.2 km) stretch of the New and its tributary the Bluestone River. Normally approximately 2040 acres (8.3 km2) in size the lake can grow to over 36 miles (58 km) long at flood control pool. At higher water levels the lake extends into Giles County Virginia.
 This article is about a mountain located in Lemington Vermont. For other mountains with similar names see Monadnock (disambiguation)Monadnock Mountain also called Mount Monadnock is an inselberg located in Lemington in the Northeast Kingdom region of Vermont in the United States. The mountain overlooks the Connecticut River and the town of Colebrook New Hampshire.
 The Christina River is a tributary of the Delaware River approximately 35 miles (56 km) long in northern Delaware in the United States also flowing through small areas of southeastern Pennsylvania and northeastern Maryland. Near its mouth the river flows past downtown Wilmington Delaware forming the city's harbor for traffic on the Delaware River.
 </pre>Ventiford Brook is a stream located in Devon England.It was used as one of the water courses that filled the Stover Canal when it was in use along with the River Teign and River Bovey. There are plans to restore the canal in which case the Ventiford Brook would probably need to be the main source of water for the canal.The brook was also used as the basis for filling Stover Lake which is located in the Stover Country Park near Bovey Tracey.
 Renpet Mons is a large shield volcano located on the eastern portion of a ridge-belt province on Venus. It has a diameter of 300 km (190 mi) and is the source for massive lava flows overyling the Snegurochka Planitia plain.
 Weißbach (Roda) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Putna Seacă River or Putna Veche River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 Czorneboh (Sorbian Čornobóh ‘Black god’) is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Susan River is a short river that flows in an easterly direction south of Hervey Bay in Queensland. It is a tributary of the Mary River joining the Mary River at River Heads in the Great Sandy Strait.The Susan River bridge built for the road that links Maryborough and Hervey Bay was built in 1977 and carries more than 10000 vehicles each day. It remained unnamed until 2009.In 2007 an unusual angler fish was found by a local fisherman.
 The Chuviscar River is a river of Mexico. It is a tributary of the Rio Conchos which in turn flows into the Rio Grande.
 McCall Glacier is located in the Goat Rocks region in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is near to the Pacific Crest National Scenic Trail and in the Goat Rocks Wilderness of Snoqualmie National Forest .60 mi (0.97 km) southeast of Old Snowy Mountain. Packwood Glacier is .50 mi (0.80 km) to the west. Consisting of numerous small bodies of ice the largest section of McCall Glacier is immediately east of Ives Peak (7940 ft (2420 m)).
 The Back River (Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.
 Kunturqaqa (Quechua kuntur condor qaqa rock condor rock hispanicized spelling Condorcaga is a mountain with an archaeological zone in the Cajamarca Region of Peru. It is situated in the Chota Province Lajas District. Kunturqaqa is also interesting as a natural viewpoint. In the upper part of the mountain there is a stone forest.
 Pizzo Ligoncio is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 3033 metres.
 An Stùc is a conically shaped Scottish mountain in the Ben Lawers range to the north of Loch Tay. The normal routes of ascent are via the ridges from Ben Lawers or Meall Garbh.There is another An Stùc in Assynt standing at 364m about 17 miles northeast of Ullapool at the head of Glenoykel.
 The Rice River (Little Fork River) is a river of Minnesota.
 Matawan Creek is a creek and partially a tidal inlet of Raritan Bay. It lies in Monmouth County New Jersey across from Staten Island New York.
 Junipero Serra Peak is the highest mountain in the Santa Lucia Mountains of California. It is also the highest peak in Monterey County. It is named after Franciscan Friar Junípero Serra founder of the California Missions.
 Verdi is a relatively young impact crater on the planet Mercury. It was named after Italian Romantic composer Giuseppe Verdi (1813–1901) in 1979 as recognized by the International Astronomical Union. The crater's extensive ejecta blanket and secondary crater field are superposed on plains materials and older craters.Verdi lies in the northern section of the Shakespeare quadrangle and is relatively large for a Mercurian crater with a low rim and shallow floor.
 Festubert Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named after Festubert a village in France.
 Grissom Hill named after American astronaut Virgil I. Gus Grissom is one of the three Apollo 1 Hills on the planet Mars. It was discovered by the Spirit rover and named on January 27 2004 - the 37th anniversary of the Apollo 1 launchpad fire which claimed Grissom's life along with other crewmembers Ed White and Roger Chaffee.The hill lies to southwest of the Columbia Memorial Station where the Spirit rover landed.
 The Hinterer Seelenkogel (Italian: Cima delle Anime) is a mountain in the Gurgler Kamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Chyornaya Turka (Russian: Чёрная Турка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Turka River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 18 km.
 Cucamonga Peak is one of the highest peaks in the San Gabriel Mountains of California. The area is in the Cucamonga Wilderness on the San Bernardino National Forest. Named for Tiburcio Tapia's Rancho Cucamonga the mountain towers over the present-day cities of Rancho Cucamonga Ontario and Fontana. The peak can be seen west of Cajon Pass on Interstate 15 the route from Southern California to Las Vegas.
 Chugrum (Russian: Чугрум) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Utva River which in turn is a tributary of Veslyana River. The length of the river is approximately 21 km (13 mi).
 The Preoteasa River is a tributary of the Valea Porumbenilor River in Romania.
 West Little Paul Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Klikawa is a river of Poland a tributary of the Metuje.
 Moel y Cerrig Duon is a subsidiary summit of Esgeiriau Gwynion in Gwynedd in north east Wales. Moel y Cerrig Duon tops the eastern end of a long peat pog plateau along with Llechwedd Du. Its summit has a conicol shape rising suddenly from the bog. The summit itself is grassy marked by a smll cairn and a stake.
 Tonantins River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Simpang-kiri River (Indonesian: Sungai Simpangkiri means: Left Junction River) is a river in southern Sumatra Indonesia.Tributaries include the Simpang-kanan River and the Renun River.
 Høgste Breakulen is the highest point on the glacier Jostedalsbreen. It is located inside the Jostedalsbreen National Park on the border of the municipalities of Stryn and Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. Lodalskåpa a nunatak 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) to the northwest and Brenibba another nunatak that is 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) to the northwest are both higher than Høgste Breakulen but they are not covered by the glacier.
 Black Donald Lake is a reservoir lake in the Township of Greater Madawaska Renfrew County and the Township of North Frontenac Frontenac County in Eastern Ontario Canada. It is on the Madawaska River and is part of the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin.The major inflow at the west is the Madawaska River which arrives directly from Centennial Lake at the same elevation as Black Donald Lake. Secondary inflows are Black Donald Creek and Little Black Donald Creek at the centre north.
 Lake Amadeus is a huge salt lake in the southwest corner of Australia's Northern Territory about 50 km north of (Ayers Rock). The smaller Lake Neale is adjacent to the northwest. It is part of (or a surface feature of) the Amadeus Basin that was filled with the erosion products of the Petermann Orogeny.
 Little Dell Reservoir is a reservoir in eastern Salt Lake County Utah USA about 13 miles east of Salt Lake City in the western Wasatch Mountains. It is located alongside Utah State Route 65 about 1 mile northeast of Interstate 80. Little Dell is an impoundment on Dell Creek but it also stores water diverted from Parleys Creek located immediately downstream. The reservoir was constructed between 1987 and 1993 for drinking water supply and flood control as a joint venture between the U.S.
 Lochnagar (/ˌlɒxnəˈɡɑr/) or Beinn Chìochan is a mountain in the Grampians of Scotland located about five miles south of the River Dee near Balmoral.
 Saddleworth Moor is an area of the South Pennines in Northern England. It is within the Dark Peak area of the Peak District National Park. The land reaches over 1312 feet (400 m) above sea level. It is crossed by the A635 road and the Pennine Way passes to its eastern side.
 Qarwaqucha (Quechua qarwa leaf worm larva of a beetle / pale / yellowish / golden qucha lake hispanicized spelling Carhuacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Jauja Province Canchayllo District. It lies southeast of the mountains Tunshu and Tukumach'ay and west of the lake Wayllakancha (Huayllacancha).
 Seogiamsan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 970 metres.
 Lake Malawi (Lake Nyasa or Lago Niassa in Mozambique) is an African Great Lake and the southernmost lake in the East African Rift system located between Malawi Mozambique and Tanzania. The third largest and second deepest lake in Africa it is also the ninth largest in the world.
 The Stâna River is a tributary of the Sfârcașu River in Romania.
 The Wharehine River is a river in New Zealand. Located west of Wellsford it is a tributary of the Oruawharo River.
 Carnethy Hill the second highest of the Pentland Hills is a hill 5 km north-west of Penicuik Scotland. It lends its name to the Carnethy Five Hill race held annually since 1971 and the Carnethy Hill Running Club. Loganlea Reservoir lies on the Northwest flank of the hill.
 The Capelinhos (from Capelo + -inhos diminutive which literally means little Capelos or the little cape) is a monogenetic volcano located on the western coast of the island of Faial in the Azores. It is part of the larger Volcanic Complex of Capelo that includes 20 scoria cones and lava fields that are aligned west-northwest to east-southeast from the Cabeço Gordo caldera.
 Ådalsfjellene is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Los Lagos River is a river of Mexico.
 The Itajaí-Açu river is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Rock River is a tributary of the Mississippi River approximately 299 miles (481 km) long in the U.S. states of Wisconsin and Illinois. It rises in southeast Wisconsin in the Theresa Marsh near Theresa Wisconsin in northeast Dodge County Wisconsin approximately 17 miles (27 km) south of Fond du Lac Wisconsin. It flows southwest through the Horicon National Wildlife Refuge then meanders southward draining the area of southeast Wisconsin between the Wisconsin River and Lake Michigan.
 Hostovatnet is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Orkdal and Meldal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The village of Hoston is located on the northeastern shore of the 3.14-square-kilometre (780-acre) lake.The water leaves the lake primarily through the river Vorma which flows east to Vormstad where it joins the Orkla River. The lake Gangåsvatnet lies about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) to the north. At the southern tip of Hostovatnet there is a short connection to the lake Ringavatnet.
 The Guniaga River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania
 The Radu River is a tributary of the Tarcău River in Romania.
 Suraksan is a mountain in South Korea. It extends across the district of Nowon-gu in Seoul the national capital and the cities of Namyangju and Uijeongbu in the province of Gyeonggi-do. It has an elevation of 637.7 m (2092 ft).
 Lupghar Sar is 109th on the list of world tallest mountains. It is located in shishkat valley of Hunza Gojal. It is part of the Momhail Sar cluster of mountains and has an elevation of 7200 metres (23622 ft) above sea level. In Wakhi language Lupghar Sar translates as the top of the big rock.
 The Weir River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Census division 23 in Northern Manitoba Canada. Its flows from Weir Lake to the Nelson River as a left tributary 70 kilometres (43 mi) upstream of that river's mouth at Hudson Bay.The eponymous settlement of Weir River with its Weir River railway station is located on the river at the point where it is crossed by the Hudson Bay Railway. The station is served by the Via Rail Winnipeg – Churchill train.
 The Baligoasa River is a tributary of the Sărăţel River in Romania.
 The Rigi Scheidegg (1656 m) is a mountain of the Rigi massif overlooking Goldau in the canton of Schwyz.The summit is accessible by cable car. It is connected to Rigi Kaltbad by a panoramic footpath on the former Rigi-Scheidegg railway.
 The Dâmbovnic River is a tributary of the Neajlov River in Romania.It is named sometimes Dîmbovnic or Drâmbovnic depending on map and source.
 Cumbre Vieja (Spanish: Old Summit) is an active volcanic ridge on the volcanic ocean island of Isla de La Palma in the Canary Islands Spain.This ridge trends in an approximate north-south direction and covers the southern third of the island. Several volcanic craters are located on the summit ridge and flanks.
 Purcell Knob is a spur of the Blue Ridge Mountain in Loudoun County Virginia. The 1207 feet (368 m) peak is just northeast of the main ridge at Keyes Gap and southeast of the village of Neersville.Purcell Knob is notable for exposure of the sericitic phyllite base of the paleozoic Loudoun Formation in its antiformal syncline.
 Mount Jefferson is a mountain in the U.S. state of Montana and is one of the many 10000+ ft peaks in the Tobacco Root Mountains. The mountain is located in Beaverhead-Deerlodge National Forest. (There is also another Mount Jefferson in Montana further south on the Idaho/Montana border.) Hollowtop Mountain is an adjacent taller peak less than .75 miles (1.2 km) to the north. Over the years the two summits have had numerous names and altitudes recorded on various maps. According to U.S.
 Goose Lake (Argyle) is a lake of Argyle municipality in south-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lake Tawakoni is a reservoir located approximately 53 miles (85 km) east of Dallas Texas 25 miles (40 km) southeast of Greenville Texas and 21 miles (34 km) northeast of Wills Point Texas. It lies within three Texas counties Hunt Rains and Van Zandt. It is used for water supply and recreation.The reservoir was constructed in 1960 with the Tawakoni Balancing Reservoir Levee.
 The Ebbe Mountains (German: Ebbegebirge) or Ebbe form a range of uplands up to 663.3 m above sea level high in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. They have given their name to the Ebbe Mountain Nature Park and are part of the Süderbergland range within the Rhine Massif.
 The Juine is a 53-kilometre-long French river. It is a tributary off the left bank of the Essonne River.Its source is in Loiret in the forest of Chambaudoin less than 3 km south-west from Autruy-sur-Juine.
 The Balașca River is a tributary of the Bortofălău River in Romania.
 The Valea Brădetului River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
 The Wildsee is a small lake within a moor between Bad Wildbad and Gernsbach on top of the Northern Black Forest mountain range in southwestern Germany. The lake is fed by rain water.The area has a geological base of sandstone. The sandstone developed a rich brown soil which originally allowed the European Beech to grow. In the later development of forestry the Norway Spruce and European Pine (Pinus sylvestris) were introduced.
 Dzierzążnica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Płonka.
 Soda Lake is a dry lake at the terminus of the Mojave River in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California. The lake has standing water during wet periods and water can be found beneath the surface.Soda Lake along with Silver Lake are what remains of the large perennial Holocene Lake Mojave.
 The Ogașu Alunilor is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Høvringsvatnet (or Høvringsvatn) is a lake in the municipality of Evje og Hornnes in Aust-Agder county Norway. It's located about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of the village area of Evje and about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) southeast of the village area of Byglandsfjord. The lake Homstølvatnet in Froland municipality is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) to the northeast.
 Steinach (Neckarsteinach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg in the south of Germany.
 The Pizzo dell'Alpe Gelato is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps on the Swiss-Italian border.
 The Wayagamac Lake is located in the city of La Tuque in La Tuque (census division) in Mauricie in Quebec in Canada. Until 2006 the territory of the lake was part of the former unorganized territory of Petit-Lac-Wayagamac (Little Wayagamac Lake) before being merged to the La Tuque. The area of the lake is administered by the Zec of Bessonne.
 The Tulburelul River is a tributary of the Şoimu River in Romania.
 Falls Reservoir is part of the Yadkin River Project in North Carolina and managed by Alcoa as part of their hydroelectric business. It is the last of four reservoirs along a 38-mile (61 km) stretch of the Yadkin River. Falls Reservoir is the smallest of the four reservoirs and covers 204 acres (0.83 km2) and has a shoreline length of 6 miles (9.7 km).
 Faraony is a river in Vatovavy-Fitovinany eastern Madagascar. It flows down from the central highlands to the Indian Ocean. It empties south of Namorona.
 Lake Elmore is a 219-acre (0.89 km2) lake located in and named after Elmore Vermont. The lake is located northwest of Elmore and it drains into the Lamoille River through Elmore Pond Brook at the northern end. Recently the lake has had a problem with milfoil and there are several fundraisers every year to help the Milfoil Foundation which then uses the money to pay for the milfoil's extraction.
 Mount Lyell is a mountain on the Alberta-British Columbia border in western Canada. It is located on the Continental Divide which forms the BC-Alberta boundary in this area in Banff National Park. The mountain is the highest in the Lyell Group a subrange of the Central Icefields in the Canadian Rockies.The peak has a height of 3504 m (11496 ft). In 1972 five distinct peaks on Mt. Lyell were named for Swiss mountain guides.
 The Moji-Mirim River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Valea Strâmbă River or Strâmba River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 It is called the Aga River or the Ōkawa River in Fukushima.The source of the river is Mount Arakai on the border of Fukushima and Tochigi. It flows to the north and meets the Nippashi River from Lake Inawashiro and the Tadami River in the Aizu Basin and then turns to the west and falls into the Sea of Japan. Its river mouth flow (451 m3/s averaged from 1951 to 2002) is the largest of any river in Japan. The Agano River flows for 210 kilometers.
 Qarwaqucha (Quechua qarwa leaf worm larva of a beetle / pale / yellowish / golden qucha lake hispanicized spelling Carhuacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huánuco Region Lauricocha Province San Miguel de Cauri District. It lies south of the lake Lawriqucha between the lake T'inkiqucha in the west and Qiwllaqucha (Quechua for gull lake hispanicized Quiulacocha) in the east northeast of the Rawra mountain range.
 Lebedinskiy is an impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is attached to the eastern outer rim of the somewhat larger crater Zhukovskiy. About two crater diameters to the east-southeast lies the smaller Engel'gardt. The satellite crater Lebedinskiy P lies in the southern indentation of terrain between Lebedinskiy and Zhukovsky and is nearly attached to the southwest rim of Lebedinskiy.This is a relatively well-formed crater with a circular outer rim that is only slightly eroded.
 Mountain Paiko is a small mountain range (surface area:399 km2) that lies on the border of Pella and Kilkis regional units in Central Macedonia Greece.
 Zavodovski Island is an uninhabited volcanic island in the Traversay Islands group of the South Sandwich Islands. It lies 350 kilometres (217 mi) southeast of South Georgia Island. It is the northernmost of the South Sandwich Islands and the nearest to South Georgia.
 The Ortoaia River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Tunnel Reservoir is an artificial lake and recreational area located in the White Mountains around the town of Greer Arizona. This reservoir is one of three lakes known as the Greer Lakes. The Greer Lakes include Bunch Tunnel and River Reservoirs and are a short distance apart from each other. The boating facility offers a boat launching area boat trailer parking restrooms and space for recreational vehicles. The reservoir is stocked with Rainbow and Brown trout species.
 Lake Lapovac is an accumulation lake located between Našice and Markovac Našički in Croatia.
 Cultus Lake Park is a lake associated community and provincial park in the Fraser Valley region of British Columbia Canada. It is the source of the Sweltzer River. The lake itself is warm and the area has become a popular recreation destination with ample opportunities for fishing water skiing wind surfing and hiking. Cultus Lake is located 11 kilometers (6.8 mi) south of the Chilliwack River near the city of Chilliwack and approximately 80 kilometers (50 mi) east of Vancouver.
 Lac de Gravelle is a lake in Paris France. At an elevation of 70 m its surface area is 0.01 km².
 The Marne is a river in France a right tributary of the Seine in the area east and southeast of Paris. It is 514 kilometres (319 mi) long.
 The Ducktrap River is a river in Waldo County Maine. From the outflow in Tilden Pond (44°21′41″N 69°06′16″W) in Belmont the river runs 10.0 miles (16.1 km) southeast through Camden Hills State Park to West Penobscot Bay in Lincolnville.
 Aiplspitz is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Obârșia Rebrei River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 The Climăuți River or Pârâul Rusului is a tributary of the Suceava River. Its source is located in Ukraine. The river then crosses the border into Romania crosses the village of Climăuţi joining the Suceava River near the village of Costişa.
 The Bay River (Tagalog: Ilog ng Bay) also known as the Sapang River or the San Nicolas River is a river system in Bay Laguna. It is one of 21 major tributaries of Laguna de Bay and is the more southern of two small rivers that hem the town proper of Bay.The other is the Calo River (Tagalog: Ilog Calo) another Laguna de Bay tributary to the north.
 The Veljul Negreștilor River is a tributary of the Criş Collector Canal in Romania.
 Chungnyungsan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Namyangju and the county of Gapyeong. Chungnyungsan has an elevation of 879 m (2884 ft).
 The Little Mississippi River is a river in eastern Ontario Canada. It is the outlet river of Weslemkoon Lake and ends in the York River which in turn empties into the Madawaska River a tributary of the Ottawa River.The river joins the York River where it flows through Conroy Marsh a provincially significant wetland. At one time this river was used to transport logs out of the pine forests to sawmills located downstream.
 The Gemmenalphorn is a mountain in the Emmental Alps. It lies north-east of Niederhorn near Beatenberg
 The Milk River (Assiniboine: Asą́bi wakpá Wakpá jukʾána ) is a tributary of the Missouri River 729 mi (1173 km) long in the United States state of Montana and the Canadian province of Alberta. Rising in the Rocky Mountains the river drains a sparsely populated semi-arid watershed of 23800 sq mi (62000 km2) ending just east of Fort Peck Montana.
 The Diaca River is a tributary of the Coșna River in Romania.
 The Voiteg River or Valea Seacă River or Matei River is a tributary of the Lanca Birda River in Romania.
 Monte Terminillo is a massif in the Monti Reatini part of the Abruzzese Apennines range in central Italy. It is located some 20 km from Rieti and 100 km from Rome and has a highest altitude of 2217 metres (7274 ft).It is a typical Apennine massif both for its morphology articulated but not exceedingly sharp and for the fauna and vegetation.
 The Cornic River ( Hungarian: Kornyik-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 One hundred seventy five million years ago continental plates collided causing the rise of the Jackson Mountain Range. Today the majority of the range is divided into two federally protected wilderness area the North Jackson Wilderness and the South Jackson Wilderness. The South Jackson Wilderness offers a panoramic view including the Black Rock Desert from the top of the majestic King Lear Peak at 8924 feet.
 The Santo Antônio River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Hacking River is a watercourse that is located in the Southern Sydney region of New South Wales in Australia.
 The Mălina River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Río Chama (English: Chama River) is one of the main rivers of the state of Mérida in Venezuela. The headwaters of the Chama are the Mifafí high lands in the Andes Range near the town of Apartaderos. Its outlet is at Lake Maracaibo. From the headwaters to an altitude of about 2500 metres above sea level the Chama runs as a steep mountain torrent. As it progresses through the valley it quickly becomes contaminated with sewage from the many towns that lie along its path.
 The Lee Navigation is a canalised river incorporating the River Lea (also called the River Lee). It runs from Hertford Castle Weir to the River Thames at Bow Creek; its first lock is Hertford Lock and its last Bow Locks.
 Easton Glacier is one of the more prominent alpine glaciers on Mount Baker in the North Cascades of Washington state USA. Named for Charles F. Easton of Bellingham who did much to preserve the history of Mount Baker it is positioned on the south face of the mountain and flanked by Squak and Deming Glaciers.The glacier head is located near Sherman Crater at about 9000 feet (2700 m) and the terminus is at 5500 feet (1700 m).
 The Călimănuțul River is a tributary of the Călimănelul cel Limpede River in Romania.
 The Río Toro is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Laurel River Lake located west of Corbin Kentucky in the USA is an reservoir built in 1977 by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers on the Laurel River a tributary of the Cumberland River in the Daniel Boone National Forest. The lake covers parts of Laurel and Whitley counties.The 282 foot (86 m) high dam was built between 1964 and 1974. It is a combination earth and rock-fill dam. Hydropower production began in 1977.
 The Sele is a river in southwestern Italy. Originating from the Monti Picentini in Caposele it flows through the region of Campania in the provinces of Salerno and Avellino. Its mouth is in the Gulf of Salerno on Tyrrhenian Sea at the borders between the municipalities of Eboli and Capaccio (not too far from Paestum) in the beginning point of Cilentan Coast.
 Salzgittersee (Salzgitter Lake) is a lake in the city of Salzgitter in Lower Saxony Germany. At an elevation of 78 m its surface area is 0.75 km².
 Spirit Lake is a lake in the southern Yukon about 70 km south of Whitehorse. The lake is situated just off the Klondike Highway. The lake has emerald green colors. The distinct crater-like holes on the lake bottom were shaped by glaciers which retreated thousands of years ago.
 Theresa Creek Dam is a dam located 22 km south west of Clermont in central Queensland. It was constructed in 1983 by the Blair Athol Coal Project to supply water for the town of Clermont Queensland.
 The Phi Pan Nam Range also Pee Pan Nam (Thai: ทิวเขาผีปันน้ำ) is a 400 km (249 mi) long system of mountain ranges in the eastern half of the Thai highlands. It is mostly located in Thailand although a small section in the northeast is within Sainyabuli and Bokeo Provinces Laos. In Thailand the range extends mainly across Chiang Rai Phayao Lampang Phrae Nan Uttaradit and Sukhothai Provinces reaching Tak Province at its southwestern end.
 Kaso River also Ci Kaso is a river in the Garut Regency of southwestern Java Indonesia. Coal-bearing sandstones clays and limestones are typical geological traits of the Bandung area of southern Java. It flows past Pameungpeuk before flowing into the sea.
 Wilton Mountain in Ouachita National Forest is a summit in the Ouachita Mountains in Le Flore County Oklahoma approximately 2 miles (3 km) from U.S. Route 59 and approximately 6 miles (10 km) east of the Arkansas state line. Wilton Mountain is 2543 feet (775.1 m) above mean sea level
 Mount Mendel is a peak in Fresno County California. It is in Kings Canyon National Park in the Evolution Region of the Sierra Nevada and adjacent to Mount Darwin which is on the Sierra crest.
 Lago d'Arno is a lake in the Province of Brescia Lombardy Italy.
 Cooking Lake is a lake in Alberta. It is located in Strathcona County east-southeast of Edmonton. Edmonton/Cooking Lake Water Aerodrome is located on this lake.
 Higgins Lake is a large recreational and fishing lake in Roscommon County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The 9900 acre (40 km²) lake is known for its deep clear waters and is the 10th largest in Michigan with a shoreline of 21 miles (34 km). It is named after Sylvester Higgins the first chief of the topographical department of the Michigan Geological Survey. It has a maximum width of 4 miles (6.4 km) and a length of 7 miles (11 km) with a maximum depth of 135 feet (41 m).
 Prairie Creek Peak at 10138 feet (3090 m) above sea level is the sixth highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located on the border of both Sawtooth National Forest and Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Blaine and Camas counties. It is located about 1.5 mi (2.4 km) southwest of Norton Peak west of Big Lost Lake southeast of the Prairie Lakes and northwest of Smoky and Little Lost lakes. No roads or trails go to the summit.
 Graff is a small lunar crater that lies along the southwestern limb of the Moon. It is located to the west of the Vallis Bouvard depression in the southern part of the ejecta blanket that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin. To the south-southwest is the smaller crater Catalán.The outer rim of this crater is roughly circular with a slight outward protrusion along the southern side.
 La Maya is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking St-Martin in the canton of Valais. It lies between the Val d'Hérens and the Val de Réchy west of the Becs de Bosson.
 Culebra Peak elevation 14053 ft (4283 m) is the highest summit of the Culebra Range a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains in the United States. It is the southernmost fourteener in Colorado. It is also one of the only fourteeners on private land. Access is limited and a fee (currently $100 per person) is charged to climb the peak.
 The São Domingos River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Boqueron River is a river of Ecuador.
 Mount Adams is a mountain located in Essex County of New York. Atop the mountain is the Mount Adams Fire Observation Station added to the National Register of Historic Places in 2006.
 The Waikato River is the longest river in New Zealand running for 425 kilometres through the North Island. It rises in the eastern slopes of Mount Ruapehu joining the Tongariro River system and emptying into Lake Taupo New Zealand's largest lake. It drains Taupo at the lake's northeastern edge creates the Huka Falls and then flows northwest through the Waikato Plains. It empties into the Tasman Sea south of Auckland at Port Waikato.
 Park Glacier is located on the northeast slopes of Mount Baker in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington. Park Glacier descends to the Park Cliffs (6200 ft (1900 m)) along its eastern margin while the northern tongue of the glacier descends to nearly 4500 ft (1400 m) and is below Park Cliffs and Lava Divide. In the middle of its course Park Glacier is connected to Rainbow Glacier to the north and Boulder Glacier to the south.
 Arrojo River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Mururata is a mountain in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia. Approximately 35 km East of La Paz the Mururata lies to the North of the Illimani. The Mururata offers accessible climbing as its shape does not contain difficult obstacles.Local legend states that the shape of Mururata a fairly flat-top as compared to neighboring Illimani became that way due to an act of jealousy. Apparently Mururata was taller than the Illimani so Illimani chopped off Mururata's head.
 The Valea Lazului River is a headwater of the Chiuzbaia River in Romania.
 Compassberg (Afrikaans: Kompasberg) is a mountain peak of the Sneeuberge range in South Africa. It is located 55 km due north of Graaff-Reinet in the Eastern Cape Province. At 2504 metres it is the highest peak in South Africa outside the Stormberg-Drakensberg massif.
 Unai Pass (el. 3000 m.) traverses the Sanglakh Range an offshoot of the Hindukush west of Kabul. It is the main road connection of Kabul with Hazarajat.
 Itapalluni (Aymara itapallu nettle -ni Aymara suffix to indicate ownership place of nettles) is a mountain located in the Bolivian Andes about 4866 metres / 15965 ft high. It is situated in the La Paz Department Loayza Province Malla Municipality south west of Lake Wallatani and Jach'a Khunu Qullu of the Cordillera Kimsa Cruz (Kimsa Cruz mountain range).
 The Iadăra River or Tulghieș River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Alte Aller is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Lyman Glacier is located on the north slopes of Mount Adams a stratovolcano in Gifford Pinchot National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is also within the Yakama Indian Reservation and descends from near the summit of Mount Adams at approximately 11400 ft (3500 m) to a terminus near 7800 ft (2400 m). Below 9000 ft (2700 m) the glacier splits into three distinct lobes.
 Mount Dan Beard is a 10082-foot (3073 m) mountain in the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve. Mount Dan Beard lies to the southeast of Mount McKinley overlooking the Ruth and Don Sheldon Amphitheaters of Ruth Glacier. The mountain was named in 1910 by H.C. Parker and Belmore Browne for illustrator Daniel Carter Beard who founded the scouting organization Sons of Daniel Boone.
 Umbagog Lake is a wilderness lake located in Coös County New Hampshire and Oxford County Maine. It is one of the most pristine lakes in the state of New Hampshire. It lies in the towns of Errol New Hampshire and Upton Maine as well as the townships of Cambridge New Hampshire and Magalloway Plantation Maine. The name Umbagog is properly pronounced with the stress on the second syllable (um-BAY-gog) and is said to come from the Abenaki word for shallow water.
 Vigil Peak (8527 feet (2599 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Lake Isabel is northwest of the peak.
 Chok River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Kalarvadh. Its basin has a maximum length of 20 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 63 km2.
 The Ariniș River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 Phidias is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 100 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Phidias is named for the Greek artist Phidias who lived from 490 to 430 BCE.
 The Șarpele River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 Whiting Bay (Gaelic: Eadar Dhà Rubha) is a village located on the Isle of Arran in the Firth of Clyde Scotland. The name Whiting Bay is thought to originate from Viking Bay.[citation needed] It is approximately 3 miles south of the village of Lamlash. Whiting Bay is the third largest village on the island (after Lamlash and Brodick) and was once the site of the longest pier in Scotland.
 The Dent du Salantin is a mountain of the Chablais Alps overlooking the Rhone valley between Evionnaz and Vernayaz in the canton of Valais. It lies in the massif of the Dents du Midi east of Lac de Salanfe.
 The Papigochic River is a river of Mexico.
 Steinhauserbergbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Pointe de Bricola is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of Les Haudères in the canton of Valais. The east side is covered by the Moiry Glacier.
 Zeravshan River (also Zarafshan or Zarafshon Tajik: Дарёи Зарафшон Uzbek: Zarafshon from the Persian word zar-afshān زرافشان meaning the sprayer of gold) is a river in Central Asia. Its name sprayer of gold in Persian refers to the presence of gold-bearing sands in the upper reaches of the river. To the ancient Greeks it was known as the Polytimetus.
 Mount Eddy is the highest summit in Trinity Mountains of the Klamath Mountains. This California mountain rises to an elevation of 9037 feet (2754 m) west of Mount Shasta City and the massive Mount Shasta volcano. The summit is the highest point in Trinity County the ninth most prominent peak in California and the highest summit west of Interstate 5 in the United States.
 The Mocirlele River is a tributary of the Șugag River in Romania.
 Angels Landing known earlier as the Temple of Aeolus is a 1488-foot (454 m) tall rock formation in Zion National Park in southern Utah. A trail cut into solid rock in 1926 leads to the top of Angels Landing and provides a spectacular view of Zion Canyon.
 Mount Faget (71°44′S 168°26′E) is a mountain 3360 metres (11020 ft) high 4 nautical miles (7 km) northwest of Mount Adam in the Admiralty Mountains of Victoria Land Antarctica. This topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1960–63 and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Maxime A.
 The Valea Mare River or Valea Hoitului is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 North Carter Mountain is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Carter-Moriah Range of the White Mountains which runs along the northern east side of Pinkham Notch.
 The Rajang River (Malay: Sungai Rajang or Batang Rajang) is a river in Sarawak Malaysia. The river is located in northwest of Borneo and it originates in the Iran Mountains.
 The Cranleigh Waters or Bramley Wey is a tributary of the River Wey in Surrey.
 The Arroio Guaçu River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Tinguá River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lake Maitland is a dry lake approximately 100 km south east of Wiluna in the Mid West region of Western Australia.The lake is the site of one of the most advanced uranium mining projects in Western Australia the Lake Maitland project which is pursued by Canadian company Mega Uranium and scheduled for production by 2012.
 Lawriqucha (Huánuco Quechua lawri bluish Quechua qucha lake lagoon bluish lake hispanicized spelling Lauricocha) is a lake in the Andes mountains of central Peru located in the Huánuco Region.
 The Sturișori River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Laguna Chaplín is a lake in the San Ignacio de Velasco Municipality José Miguel de Velasco Province Santa Cruz Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 190 m its surface area is 13 km².
 Goodhope Bay is a small bay in the Kotzebue Sound on the Chukchi Sea-facing coast of the U.S. state of Alaska. Its size is only 16 mi. across. It is located on the northern coast of the Seward Peninsula 30 mi. W of Deering; Kotzebue-Kobuk Low. . Goodhope Bay was named by Lt. Otto von Kotzebue while exploring the region in August 1816 because here he had good hope of making important geographic discoveries.
 The Pădurile River is a tributary of the Mociaru River in Romania.
 The Pietroasa River is a tributary of the Pârâul Ţiganului in Romania.
 Eagley Brook (also known during the formative part of its course as Belmont Brook) is a small river of Lancashire and Greater Manchester in England.Rising at the confluence of several smaller streams at Old Man's Hill in the West Pennine Moors the brook almost immediately feeds Belmont Reservoir after which it moves south and south east passing the village of Belmont and collecting several tributaries and traversing the Longworth Clough emerging close to Egerton.From there the river goes south through Eagley near Bromley Cross towards Astley Bridge after which it joins Astley Brook at Meeting of the Waters to form the River Tonge.
 The small island of Banda Api (Indonesian api fire) is an active volcano in the Banda Sea at the center of the Banda Islands group. It has been known to Europeans since the Age of Exploration when the Portuguese Empire and the Kingdom of the Netherlands competed in the area for spice trade. A 7 km wide and mostly submerged caldera is located at the northwest corner of the volcano.
 The Izvorul Vacii River is a tributary of the Sădurel River in Romania.
 The Dridif River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Valea Făgetului River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 The Aroanios (Greek: Αροάνιος) is a river in the southern part of Achaea Greece. It empties into the river Ladon. Its source is on the south slope of the mountain Aroania near the village Planitero. It flows generally south along the villages Planitero and Kleitoria.
 Santa Maria is an impact crater located at 2.172°S 5.445°W within the Meridiani Planum extraterrestrial plain lying situated within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars. This geological feature was first visited by the Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity. It sits north west of the much larger Endeavour crater. The crater measures about 80-90 meters across.
 Bellot is a small lunar impact crater that is located on the southwest edge of Mare Fecunditatis. It lies between the craters Goclenius to the northwest and Crozier to the southeast. To the southwest is Colombo and to the west is Magelhaens.This crater is circular and bowl-shaped with a small interior floor with inner sides that slope down relatively smoothly to the bottom. The inner walls have a higher albedo than the nearby lunar mare.
 The Lepșa River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 Nesquehoning Mountain or Nesquehoning Ridge is a 15–17-mile-long (24–27 km) coal bearing ridge dividing the waters of Lehigh Valley and the Poconos to the north from the Schuylkill River valley and the several near parallel ridgelines of the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians barrier range all of which runs generally WSW-ENE in the greater area along the Southern Anthracite Region north of the escarpment Blue Mountain Pennsylvania.
 Mittlere Ebrach is a river of Bavaria Germany. The name translates to Mean or Middle Ebrach indicating the fact that it is one of four Ebrach rivers in Bavaria.
 The Kuri Chhu also known as the Lhobrak is a major river of eastern Bhutan that has formed a scenic valley with high peaks and steep hills. Kuri Chhu is a tributary of the Manas River system which is the largest river of Bhutan and a major tributary of the Brahmaputra River that drains most of eastern Bhutan.
 The High Tatras or High Tatra Mountains (Slovak and Czech: Vysoké Tatry Polish: Tatry Wysokie) are a mountain range along the border of northern Slovakia in the Prešov Region and southern Poland in the Lesser Poland Voivodeship. They are a range of the Tatra Mountains chain.
 Q'ara Quta (Aymara q'ara bare bald quta lake bare lake hispanicized spellings Karakota Khara Khota Khara Kkota K'arakota) is a lake on the western side of the Cordillera Real of Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Batallas Municipality Tuquía Canton. It lies north west of the Kunturiri massif between the lakes Wichhu Quta (5 km) in the south west and Khotia Quta and Janq'u Quta in the north east.
 The Frăsinet River is a tributary of the Teslui River in Romania.
 The Frumușița River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
 The Tivoli River is an 8.9-mile-long (14.3 km) primarily tidal river in Bryan County Georgia in the United States. It flows into the Belfast River just north of that river's terminus at the Medway River an arm of the Atlantic Ocean.
 Crap la Pala (2151 m) is a subpeak in the Lenzerheide region in the Swiss Alps. It lies in the southern face of Piz Scalottas reaching a prominence of no more than 50 metres.
 The Pardo River (Portuguese Rio Pardo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Grande River.
 Blackjack Mountain is 17 miles (27 km) long mountain ridge trending from northeast to southwest in Pushmataha County Oklahoma. The highest peak has an elevation of 1250 feet (380 m). The town of Rattan is south of Blackjack.
 Mount Kanaga is a stratovolcano at the northern tip of Kanaga Island in the Aleutian Islands Alaska. It is situated within a caldera which forms the arcuate Kanaton Ridge south and east of Kanaga. A crater lake occupies part of the SE caldera floor. The summit of Kanaga has a crater with fumarolic activity.It is located about 25 km (16 mi) west of the U.S. Navy installation and port on Adak Island.
 Mount Democrat is a fourteener in the U.S. state of Colorado located approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) west of Mount Lincoln in the Mosquito Range. It lies in northeastern Lake County and northwestern Park County about 2 miles southeast of the town of Climax. It is often climbed together with Mount Lincoln and nearby Mount Bross.For more information on this group of peaks including access issues see Mount Lincoln.
 White Glacier is located to the northeast of Mount Tom in the Olympic Mountains and Olympic National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier located between Mount Tom and Mount Olympus starts at around 7000 and 6400 feet (2100 and 2000 m). The westernmost section of White Glacier is partially separated from the rest of the glacier by several small ridges of rock and it flows straight north.
 Krivoye Ozero is a small lake in the Chelyabinsk Oblast of Russia southeast of Magnitogorsk near the Kazakhstani border. Its name is translated from the Russian as Crooked Lake.The lake is primarily known for the Sintashta-Petrovka burials dotted over the area of some 10 km². Particularly notable is one of the earliest chariot burials in the world dated to ca. 2000 BC.The chariot grave contained a horse skull three pots two bridle cheek pieces and points of spears and arrows.
 Grand Central River is a waterway on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. It enters Salmon Lake from the west. Although the Grand Central and Kruzgamepa (or Pilgrim) rivers form one stream their names differ and their physical features vary. The Grand Central flows into Salmon Lake while the Kruzgamepa flows out.
 The Cornet River is a tributary of the Ezăreni River in Romania.
 The Douglas Range (70°0′S 69°35′W) is a sharp-crested range with peaks rising to 3000 metres extending 120 km (75 mi) in a northwest-southeast direction from Mount Nicholas to Mount Edred and forming a steep east escarpment of Alexander Island within the British Antarctic Territory overlooking the north part of George VI Sound.Mount Nicholas was seen in 1909 from a distance by the French Antarctic Expedition under Charcot.
 Mount Wilbur (9321 feet (2841 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana Plainly visible from the region of Many Glacier the peak rises over 4500 feet (1372 m) above Swiftcurrent Lake and is a steep pyramid on three sides. The west slopes of the peak join to ridges along the continental divide. Much of the climbing routes are rated at class 4 to 5 with some only used once.
 Lions Peak is a prominent hill in the eastern foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains in southwest Santa Clara County California. The landmark lies west of San Martin and is adjacent to the resort village of CordeValle. The headwaters of Lions Creek originate on the eastern flank of the hill and flow southward before merging with Llagas Creek in Gilroy. The hill and surrounding area is located on approximately 1400 acres (570 ha) of privately owned lands and is viewable along U.S.
 The Hog's Back is a part of the North Downs in Surrey England that lies between Farnham in the west and Guildford in the east.
 Mount Buckskin elevation 13872 ft (4228 m) is a summit in the Mosquito Range of central Colorado. The mountain is northwest of Alma in the Pike National Forest.
 König is a lunar crater on the southwest Mare Nubium. It lies to the southwest of the prominent crater Bullialdus and northwest of the flooded Kies. The rim of König is somewhat polygonal in outline with a small outward bulge to the south and only a slight outer rampart. The crater interior is rough and irregular with a negligible central peak. The material along the inner sides has slumped to the floor forming a ring of debris around the small central floor.
 Jonk River is the tributary of Mahanadi and flows in Chhattisgarh state in India. The river starts from the Sundabeda plateau and enters Maraguda valley where it is joined by a stream called Gaidhas-nala near Patora village. The river forms Beniadhas fall (80 feet) and Kharaldhas fall (150 feet) before entering the valley. It joins Mahanadi at Sheorinarayan.
 Kittu crater is a crater on Jupiter's moon Ganymede. It is approximately 15 km (9.3 mi) in diameter.The crater shows a bright white central peak and rim and dark brownish material surrounding it. Diffuse dark rays sprinkled thinly atop surrounding grooved terrain emanate from the impact site. The dark material dusted over the surface is probably part of a dark impactor (asteroid or comet) which was strewn across the surface upon impact.
 The Tärendö River (Swedish: Tärendö älv Meänkieli: Täränönväylä) is a small distributary river to the Kalix River in Norrbotten Sweden.It is the second largest bifurcation in the world (second only to the Casiquiare canal South America).The Tärendö River splits off the Torne River in Pajala Municipality near the village of Junosuando at an altitude of 210 m.
 Titius is a lunar crater that is located on the Moon's far side beyond the eastern limb. It lies to the west of the Lacus Solitudinis a small lunar mare. Less than a crater diameter to the north east is the crater Bowditch and farther to the southwest is Donner.The rim of this crater has been nearly ruined by subsequent impacts leaving only the northern and northeast parts relatively intact.
 The Valea cu Fagi River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Kyrkjeoksli is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Sand Hills are a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada.
 Big Horn is a tall peak in the Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Washington. This officially unnamed peak is the highest point in Lewis County. Big Horn one of the Goat Rocks is the second highest point on the ridge west of Gilbert Peak in the Goat Rocks Wilderness. It is just west of the highest point on the ridge called Goat Citadel. It is said to be the most difficult pitch on the easiest routes of Washington's 39 county high points.
 Lake Rweru is a lake close to the northernmost point of Burundi in central Africa. The northern shore of the lake forms part of Burundi's border with Rwanda.
 The Valea Brebului River is a tributary of the Fiad River in Romania.
 Chiunzi is a mountain of Campania Italy. It is situated between the municipalities of Tramonti and Corbara in the Province of Salerno.
 For the valley of the same name see Animas Valley. For the townsite see Animas New Mexico.The Animas Mountains are a small mountain range in Hidalgo County within the Boot-Heel region of far southwestern New Mexico in the United States. They extend north-south for about 30 miles (50 km) along the Continental Divide from near the town of Animas to a few miles north of the border with Mexico. The range is about 12 miles (20 km) wide at its widest.
 Gręziniec (also Grzęziniec) is a 5.5-km river of northwestern Poland with its headwaters in the Ueckermünde Heath. It flows through the city of Szczecin and becomes a left tributary of the Oder.
 Monte Stella is a mountain in the Serre Calabresi in the Locride Calabria southern Italy. It is part of the Vallata dello Stilaro in the comune of Pazzano.Monte Stella is composed of Jurassic limestones.
 The Lost Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges near Lost Hills California and Interstate 5 in western Kern County California.They contain the Lost Hills Oil Field the largest oil field in Kern County and are located in the southwestern San Joaquin Valley.
 The Lachlan River is a perennial river that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray–Darling basin located in the Southern Tablelands Central West and Riverina regions of New South Wales Australia.The Lachlan River is only connected to the Murray Darling basin when both the Lachlan and Murrumbidgee Rivers are in flood.
 Mount Frederick William is a mountain located at the Queen Reach arm of the Jervis Inlet within the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia Canada.
 {Götzinger Höhe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.|Götzinger Höhe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.de:Götzinger Höhe}
 The Pietrosu River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
 The Big Thompson River is a tributary of the South Platte River approximately 78 miles (123 km) long in the U.S. state of Colorado.
 Galten is a fjard of Lake Mälaren the third-largest lake in Sweden. It is located in the westernmost part of the lake.
 The Jacuriaí River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Gusec River is a tributary of the Poneasca River in Romania.
 The Großer Ölberg (also: Oelberg) at 460 metres above sea level is the highest hill in the Siebengebirge range in Germany. It is located in the borough of Königswinter near the village of Ittenbach and south of a subpeak known as the Kleiner Ölberg (331.7 m above sea level).Thanks to the transmission mast on the summit it is visible from a long way off for example from the A 3 motorway and is easily distinguishable from its neighbours.
 The Esfolado River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.The Esfolado River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Dongul River is a river of Chile.
 The Valea Bonții River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 The Nallamalas (Telugu: నల్లమల్ల కొండలు) (also called the Nallamalla Range) are a section of the Eastern Ghats which stretch primarily over Kurnool Mahabubnagar Guntur Prakasam and Kadapa districts of the state of Andhra Pradesh India. They run in a nearly north-south alignment parallel to the Coromandel Coast for close to 430 km between the rivers Krishna and Pennar. Its northern boundaries are marked by the flat Palnadu basin while in the south it merges with the Tirupati hills.
 The Pajarito Mountains are a small mountain range of western Santa Cruz County Arizona. The range is adjacent the Atascosa Mountains at its north with both ranges in the center of a north-south sequence of ranges called the Tumacacori Highlands. The Highlands have the Tumacacori Mountains at the north and south of the U.S.-Mexico border the Sierra La Esmeralda range (the Emerald Mountains).
 The Negrilești River is a tributary of the Deju River in Romania.
 Sgùrr na h-Ulaidh (also Sgòr na h-Ulaidh) (Peak of the Treasure) is a mountain lying to the south of the village of Glencoe in the Scottish Highlands. The mountain cannot be seen from the main A82 road as it is hidden behind Aonach Dubh a'Ghlinne.
 Anse aux Cannes Pond is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lake Ashenge (also Lake Ashangi) is a lake in the northern Tigray Region of Ethiopia. Located in the Ethiopian highlands at an elevation of 2409 meters it has no outlet. According to the Statistical Abstract of Ethiopia for 1967/68 Lake Ashenge is five kilometers long and four wide with a surface area of 20 square kilometers.
 The Rawhide Hills are a mountain range in Mineral County Nevada.
 The Hangaroa River is a river in the Gisborne Region of New Zealand. Its source is the Huiarau Ranges in the Te Urewera National Park and flows southeast to merge with the Ruakituri River near Te Reinga. The combined rivers form the Wairoa River which flows south into Hawke Bay.Rainbow trout populate the upper reaches. The upper river has a rock and stone bed and flows through native bush with pools and short stretches of rapids.
 The Ajarani River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 The Massawippi River is a river in the Estrie region of Quebec Canada. It is a tributary of the Saint Lawrence River.
 St. Anton Pass (el. 1110 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps between the cantons of Appenzell Innerrhoden and St. Gallen in Switzerland.It connects Ruppen Pass (St. Gall) and Oberegg (Appenzell Inner Rhodes).
 Diderot is a small lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies within the southwestern interior floor of the huge walled plain Fermi about midway between the basin midpoint and the southwest rim. The crater is saucer-shaped with smaller craters located just to the northwest and the north. The inner wall is narrower along the eastern side and has a pair of ridges along the southern face. This crater is otherwise unremarkable.
 The Boundary Creek a perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Valea Săpunului River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
 Jaun Pass (German: Jaunpass French: col de Bellegarde) is a high mountain pass (el. 1509 m.) in the Swiss Alps linking Charmey and Jaun in the canton of Fribourg with Reidenbach (part of the municipality of Boltigen) in the canton of Bern. The pass itself is located within the canton of Bern.The pass road was completed in 1878.
 The Rogoazele River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 The Alkupis is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 12.3 kilometres and has a basin area of 41.8 km².
 Caddy Lake is a lake in Manitoba Canada. It is near the eastern border of Manitoba (the Manitoba–Ontario border). It is in the Whiteshell Provincial Park. The lake has two islands and two campgrounds. The campgrounds are called Caddy Lake Campground and Green Bay Resort and Campground[1]. It is not a very large lake but is connected to South Cross Lake then North Cross Lake and then Sailing Lake by a series of rock tunnels. Caddy Lake Girl Guide Camp is also located on the lake.
 The Rumpi Hills in the Southwest Region of Cameroon are about 80 kilometres (50 mi) north of Mount Cameroon and include the Rumpi Hills Wildlife Reserve.The Rumpi Hills cover about 1500 square kilometres (580 sq mi) in an area of Precambrian metamorphic and intrusive rocks cut by Cainozoic intrusive complexes and widely overlain by volcanoes from the Cainozoic the highest of which is Mount Rata at 1768 metres (5801 ft).There are no classic volcano cones with craters since many of the peaks have been caused by extensive faulting.The hills contain mid-altitude forest which has been widely damaged by logging and farming as well as coastal evergreen and drier northern semi-evergreen forest.Hunters have reported seeing the endangered Drill and Preuss's Monkey.198 species of birds have been identified including the endangered White-throated Mountain-babbler.The Mungo River rises in these hills flowing east and then south to the Cameroon estuary.
 Bonnet Lake or Lake Bonnet is a 268-acre (1080000 m2) natural freshwater lake in Highlands County Florida. It is bounded on the north by Lake Bonnet Village on its west by Bonnet Lake Campgrounds on its southwest by a railroad line and on its south and southeast by Highlands Ridge. On part of its north shore is a citrus grove. To the lake's northeast is a large wooded area.
 Hobsons Bay is a bay in Port Phillip Victoria Australia.Hobsons Bay is the northernmost part of Port Phillip. It is adjacent to the Melbourne suburbs of Port Melbourne and Williamstown. The Yarra River flows into Hobsons Bay.
 Mount Freshfield is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1897 by J. Norman Collie after Freshfield Douglas William.
 Mount Limbara (Gallurese: Monti di Limbara Sardinian: Monte ‘e Limbara) is a rocky granitic massif in north-eastern Sardinia Italy.It is located in the geographical and historical region of Gallura.Its highest peak is Punta Sa Berritta (1362 m above sea level). Its area belongs to the comuni of Calangianus Tempio Pausania Berchidda and Oschiri in the province of Olbia-Tempio.
 The Highea River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
 Mount Odin is a mountain in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. It is located in Auyuittuq National Park along the Akshayuk Pass 46 km (29 mi) north of Pangnirtung and south of Mount Asgard. Mount Odin is the highest mountain on Baffin Island.Mount Odin is the highest mountain within the Baffin Mountains as well as the fifth highest in the Arctic Cordillera.
 Col de la Croix is an Alpine pass (1778 m.) in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.It connects Bex and Villars-sur-Ollon with Les Diablerets.
 Mount Sir Donald is a peak in the Rogers Pass area of British Columbia Canada.
 The Jaibaras River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Darnsee is a lake in Bramsche Lower Saxony Germany.
 Negev Mountains is a mountainous area in the north-western part of the Negev desert in Israel. Mount Ramon is the summit of Negev Mountains and the highest point in southern Israel reaching 1037 metres (3402 ft).Most of the area belongs to Negev Mountains Nature Reserve the largest reserve in Israel. Its area is about 1045000 dunam.
 The Lammenhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Saas-Balen in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Balfrin within the valley of Saas.
 The Little Missouri River or Little Mo is a 147-mile-long (237 km) waterway that runs from the Ouachita Mountains of southwest Arkansas into the rolling hills area in the surrounding countryside.
 The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Tău River in Romania.
 Altenburg is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 Yli-Kitka is a lake in Finland in the municipalities of Kuusamo and Posio. The lake is connected to Ala-Kitka at Kilkilösalmi strait. Yli-Kitka combined with Ala-Kitka is the largest unregulated lake in Finland. Together they are called Kitkajärvi or simply Kitka. Riisitunturi National Park is located north of the lake. From Ala-Kitka the waters flow through the Kitkanjoki river to the Oulankajoki river which is part of the Kovda River basin that drains into the White Sea in Russia.
 The Río Nentón is a river in Guatemala. From its sources in the Sierra de los Cuchumatanes of Huehuetenango the river flows in a north-westerly direction crosses the border with Mexico at 15.797705°N 91.891150°W﻿ / 15.797705; -91.891150﻿ (Río Seleguá) and joins the Río Seleguá which continues northwards to the Presa de La Angostura one of Mexico's largest artificial lakes. The Nentón river basin covers an area of 1451 km² in Guatemala.
 The Fanellhorn is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps of Graubünden Switzerland south of Vals. Its summit can be reached by hikers using a signposted path that comes from Guraletschsee and reaches the ridge Fanellgrätli on 2710 meters leading to the peak from northeast(Swiss grade T4 signposted blue and white from point 2710 before it is red and white and T2).
 East Fork Arkansas River is a 20.6-mile-long (33.2 km) tributary of the Arkansas River that flows from a source in the Mosquito Range of central Colorado. It joins the Arkansas west of Leadville Colorado.
 The Gryžuva is a short river in the western part of Lithuania a tributary of the Dubysa. It begins 5 km north of Tytuvėnai city and flows mostly to the southwest. Its average width is about 6 m. Its only tributary is the Apušis river.
 Unterwarnow is the estuary of the Warnow River in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern northern Germany. Connected with the Baltic Sea in Warnemünde. On the coasts of the estuary the city of Rostock is located.
 The Valea de Sub Masa Mare River or Alba River is a tributary of the Şercaia River in Romania
 Mount Inasa (稲佐山 Inasa-yama) is a hill to the west of Nagasaki which rises to a height of 333 metres (1093 ft). The Nagasaki Ropeway allows visitors to travel to the top from Nagasaki. A short walk from the cable car station are several buildings that house transmitters for TV and radio stations that serve Nagasaki and the surrounding area.
 Ilthpaya Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island west of Clayoquot Arm and north of Kennedy River.
 The Vazante Grande is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Otram River (formerly the Port Maria River) is a river in St Mary Jamaica. It reaches the sea in the parish capital of Port Maria.
 Cronin Peak elevation 13877 ft (4230 m) is a summit in the Sawatch Range of Colorado. The peak is northwest of Salida in the San Isabel National Forest. Cronin Peak was named after Mary Cronin who in 1934 become the first woman to climb all 54 Colorado fourteeners.
 The Piabanha River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Bonscale Pike is a fell in the English Lake District standing above Howtown on Ullswater. It is the northern end of a spur running north north west from Loadpot Hill on the main ridge of the Far Eastern Fells.
 The Hexie Mountains are a desert mountain range located in Joshua Tree National Park in southern California.
 The Tolațu Mare River is a tributary of the Borlovița River in Romania.
 Bjørnstadvatnet is a lake in Kvalsund Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 4.63-square-kilometre (1.79 sq mi) lake lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of the village of Saraby. The lake has a dam on the northern end of the lake and it is regulated for hydroelectric power.
 The Lai da Ravais-ch is an Alpine lake located south of the Sertig Pass and west of the Sella da Ravais-ch in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. The lake has an area of 0.093 km² and is located at 2505 metres above sea level. It is located in the municipality of Bergün.The lake is also named Lai da Ravais-ch Suot to distinguish it from a smaller lake located east of the Sella da Ravais-ch and named Lai da Ravais-ch Sur.
 Laguna di Orbetello is a lake in the Province of Grosseto Tuscany Italy. At an elevation of 1 m its surface area is 26.9 km2.
 The Los Patos de San Pedro River is a river of Chile.
 Lago di Vagli is a lake in the Province of Lucca Tuscany Italy. It was created in 1953 after the construction of a dam. It houses a depopulated village the Fabbriche di Careggine which becomes reachable when the basin is emptied for maintenance. The population was transferred in new residences built in the nearby Vagli Sotto.
 The Avon River is a river in Western Australia. It is a tributary of the Swan River totalling 280 kilometres in length with a catchment area of 125000 square kilometres.
 The Berneuse (or la Berneuse) is a mountain of the western Bernese Alps above Leysin in the canton of Vaud. It lies on the range east of the Rhone valley culminating at the Tour d'Aï.Its summit (2045 m) is a popular destination hosting the Kuklos a revolving restaurant accessible by cable cabin from town. On a clear day Lake Geneva is visible from this summit.
 Morning Star Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is situated along the North Fork Cut Bank Creek drainage.
 The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Rudăreasa River in Romania
 The Sărătura River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 Nevado Las Agujas (Spanish for The Snowy Needles) is a pyramidal peak in the Andes Mountains of Futrono in Chile close to the border with Argentina. With an elevation of 2120 metres (6960 ft; 1.32 mi) it has a prominence of 300 m (984 ft) above the surrounding terrain. Together with Cerro Chihuío it forms the granitic mountain massif of Nevados Las Agujas which geologically belongs to the Northern Patagonian Batholith.
 Gill is a lunar crater that is located near the southeastern limb of the Moon. Due to its proximity to the edge of the Moon as seen from the Earth this crater is viewed nearly from the side and it can become hidden from sight due to libration. The crater lies to the southwest of the irregular Mare Australe and southeast of the prominent crater Pontécoulant.
 The Vuoksi River (Russian: Вуокса; Finnish: Vuoksi; Swedish: Vuoksen) runs in the northernmost part of the Karelian Isthmus from Lake Saimaa in southeastern Finland to Lake Ladoga in northwestern Russia.
 Victoria Hill is a hill in the city of Riverside California which is the seat of Riverside County California.It has an elevation of 1005 feet (306 m) and is located half a mile (0.6 km) east of California State Route 91 at around postmile 19 which is south of intersection with California State Route 60.
 Kuiper /ˈkaɪpər/ is a small lunar impact crater in a relatively featureless part of the Mare Cognitum. It is a circular cup-shaped feature with only some minor wear. This crater was previously identified as Bonpland E before being renamed by the IAU. The lava-flooded crater Bonpland lies to the east at the edge of the Mare Cognitum.To the east-southeast of Kuiper crater is the crash landing site of the Ranger 7 probe the first American spacecraft to photograph the Moon.
 The Tecuci River or Zlatcu River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 The Rădeni River is a tributary of the Frasin River in Romania.
 Gwiazda Lake is a ribbon lake situated in Pomeranian Voivodeship in Bytów County; in Bytów Lakeland. Chocina River starts its flow from this lake. It covers an area of 210.4 ha being 5.7 km long and 0.2-0.7 km wide. The average depth is 3 m and the maximum is 10 m.
 Greater Caucasus (Russian: Большой Кавказ; Azerbaijani: Böyük Qafqaz; Georgian: დიდი კავკასიონი) sometimes translated as Caucasus Major Big Caucasus or Large Caucasus) is the major mountain range of the Caucasus Mountains.The range stretches for about 1200 kilometres (750 mi) from west-northwest to east-southeast between the Taman Peninsula of the Black Sea to the Absheron Peninsula of the Caspian Sea: from the Western Caucasus in the vicinity of Sochi on the northeastern shore of the Black Sea and reaching nearly to Baku on the Caspian.The range is traditionally separated into three parts:Western Caucasus from the Black Sea to Mount ElbrusCentral Caucasus from Mount Elbrus to Mount KazbekEastern Caucasus from Mount Kazbek to the Caspian SeaIn the wetter Western Caucasus the mountains are heavily forested (deciduous forest up to 1500 m coniferous forest up to 2500 m and alpine meadows above the tree line). 
 Hüttnersee (Hüttenerweiher or Hüttnerseeli) is a small lake at Hütten in the Canton of Zurich Switzerland. The northern shore is located in Samstagern a village in the municipality of Richterswil. Its surface area is 0.165 km². Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Maebongsan is a mountain in the county of Inje Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1271.1 m (4170 ft).
 Ben Vrackie (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn a' Bhreacaidh; sometimes anglicised as Ben Y Vrackie) is a mountain in Perthshire Scotland. It lies north of the town of Pitlochry and reaches 841 m (2759 feet) high at its summit. The summit may be reached easily by a direct path from Pitlochry or Killiecrankie and commands views of Pitlochry and the surrounding glens.
 Mangere Mountain (also Mangere Domain for the park) is one of the largest volcanic cones in the Auckland Volcanic Field with a peak 106 metres above sea level and was the site of a major pā. Many of the pā's earthworks are still very evident. It offers spectacular panoramic views of Auckland.The mountain features two large craters. The volcano has a wide crater with a lava dome near its centre a feature shared by no other volcano in Auckland.
 Jeffery Glacier is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Alaska Range on the north side of Mount McKinley directly below the Wickersham Wall heading northeast to join Peters Glacier after the latter's Tluna Icefall.
 The Driffield Navigation is an 11-mile (18 km) waterway through the heart of the Holderness Plain to the market town of Driffield East Riding of Yorkshire England. The northern section of it is a canal and the southern section is part of the River Hull. Construction was authorised in 1767 and it was fully open in 1770. Early use of the navigation was hampered by a small bridge at Hull Bridge which was maintained by Beverley Corporation.
 The Gándara (also known as the Soba River) is a river in Green Spain at the north of the country. It flows through the autonomous community of Cantabria and discharges into the Asón River. The Gándara offers trout fishing.The river's name comes from the plains where it is born known as La Gándara under the Becerral crag. It flows from west to east until it reaches the Bolea and Regules bridge where it changes direction towards the north. Not much later it changes again to the east.
 The Valea Prisăcii River is a tributary of the Valea Șturului River in Romania.
 The Izvorul Negoiului River or Negoiu River is a headwater of the Topolog River in Romania.
 Kisielina is a river of Poland a tributary of the Vistula.
 Willis Creek is a creek in the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument in southern Utah. The creek runs through a wash which in some sections narrows to become a slot canyon. The creek is popular with hikers as the stream is generally 1-2 inches deep and a trail runs the length of the creek. The end of the creek is dry.
 Jabal Mubrahah is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Keulenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Alunul Mare or Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Someșul Cald River in Romania.
 Wittgendorfer Wasser is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Talisay River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Crater Peak elevation 11333 ft (3454 m) is the highest point on Grand Mesa in western Colorado.
 Sullivan Lake is a landslide-dammed mountain lake in Custer County Idaho United States located at the northern end of the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 677 from Idaho State Highway 75.Sullivan Lake is just east of Potaman Peak and upstream of Sullivan Hot Springs.
 The Prato River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Lake Bella Vista is in northwest Cannon Township Kent County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The lake was originally known as Grass Lake and once lay in the center of a marsh surrounded by pastureland as well as apple and cherry orchards. Grass Lake was one of the so-called triplet lakes lying along M-44. Its sister lakes to the east are Silver Lake and Bostwick Lake.
 Pescadero Creek is a major stream in Santa Cruz and San Mateo counties in California. At 26.6 miles (42.8 km) it is the longest stream in San Mateo County and flows all year from springs in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
 Kronberg (Niederbayern) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Wamala is a small freshwater lake in Uganda.
 The Sonoyta River is a river of Mexico.
 The Râul Alb is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Blairich River is a river in the Marlborough district of New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Awatere River
 Lake Chapala (Spanish: Lago de Chapala About this sound tʃa'pala ) is Mexico's largest freshwater lake. It lies in the municipalities of Chapala Jocotepec Poncitlán and Jamay in Jalisco and in Venustiano Carranza and Cojumatlán de Régules in Michoacán.
 The Pelechuco River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Preston River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.The river has a total length of 84 kilometres (52 mi) and rises near Goonac siding then flows in a north-westerly direction until discharging into the Leschenault Estuary.The headwaters are 80 kilometres (50 mi) inland within the Darling Range and run across the Blackwood Plateau and the Swan Coastal Plain.
 The Ungureasca River is a tributary of the Valea Iepei River in Romania.
 Lake Lachard also spelled Lake La Chardis an oval-shaped lake that is roughly 0.25 miles (0.40 km) south of the eastern cove of Lake June in Winter. Lake Lachard has a surface area of 17.89-acre (72400 m2). Lake Lachard is surrounded by the city of Lake Placid Florida yet the lake and a small bit of shore surrounding the lake are outside the city limits. Almost the entire shore of the lake is vacant land that in 2013 had been contoured by heavy equipment.
 Lake Pflugerville is a reservoir in Pflugerville Texas in the United States. Construction of the 180-acre reservoir began in 2005 and was completed in 2006. Pumps are used to flow water through a 16-mile pipeline to the reservoir from the lower Colorado River. Its main purpose is to provide water to area residents.Recreation activities also surround the reservoir. Amenities include a 3 mi (4.8 km)-long granite hike and bike trail and fishing piers.
 Heraclitus is a complex lunar crater that lies in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon. The crater Licetus forms the northern end of the formation. Just to the east is Cuvier and due south is Lilius. Just to the west of Heraclitus is the small satellite crater Heraclitus K to the south of which is a pair of larger overlapping craters Lilius E and Lilius D.The entire formation is heavily worn with features smoothed down by a long history of impacts.
 Kaibab Lake is located about 4 mi (6.4 km) northeast of Williams in North Central Arizona.Camping is permitted at the campgrounds managed by the Public Lands Interpretive Association.
 The Eemmeer (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈeɪ̯.mɪːr]) is a lake situated in the middle of the Netherlands between the provinces of Flevoland and Utrecht Noord-Holland. It measures 13.4 square kilometres (5.2 sq mi) and contains one small island the Dode Hond (Dead Dog). The Eemmeer is one in a series of peripheral lakes used to geohydrologically detach the low-lying polders of Flevoland from higher old mainland.
 For the mountains with the same name in Nevada see Newberry Mountains (Nevada).The Newberry Mountains of California are located southeast of Barstow in the Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County California. The Rodman Mountains lie to the southeast of the range while the Ord Mountains lie to the southwest. Historic U.S. Route 66 and contemporary Interstate 40 along with Newberry Springs California are just to the north.
 Hozomeen Mountain is a double-summited rock peak on the east side of Ross Lake in the North Cascades of Washington state. Despite its low absolute elevation it is notable for the large steep drops from both of its summits to the surrounding terrain.The name Hozomeen is derived from Salish a geographically broad language group of the indigenous bands of southern British Columbia and northern Washington State.
 The Purcaru River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Bukkehammartjørna is a small lake in eastern Jotunheimen. This is the highest lake that has been investigated as a climate archive in southern Norway being situated 1594 m a.s.l.A small glacier Bukkehåmmårbreen is draining melt water into the lake at present. This glacier reformed just short of 6000 years ago following the Holocene climate optimum and has existed continuously since.
 Azure Lake is a fjord-like lake located in east-central British Columbia Canada. It is an expansion of the Azure River which rises from an unnamed glacier in the Cariboo Mountains. The outflow is also called the Azure River but it is only 50 m (164 ft) long before it flows into the Clearwater River. Azure Lake is one of the six major lakes in Wells Gray Provincial Park.
 Kainach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Hühnerberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Charles is a reservoir in Lake County Illinois United States.
 Kapchagay Reservoir also spelled Qapshaghay Bogeni Reservoir and sometimes referred to as Lake Kapchagay is a major reservoir in Almaty Province in southeastern Kazakhstan approximately 60 kilometres north of Almaty. The 140 kilometre long lake is formed by a dam on the Ili River which flows from the mountains in the east towards Lake Balkhash to the northwest. It is named after the town of Kapchagay which is located on its western bank.
 Farley Lake is a small alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 16.5 miles (26.6 km) south of Stanley. There are two small islands in Farley Lake the largest of which is only about 200 feet (61 m) long. A trail from the Yellow Belly Lake and Pettit Lake trailheads leads towards Edith Lake via Farley Lake.
 The Sée is an 78 km long river in the Manche department Normandy France beginning near Sourdeval. It empties into the bay of Mont Saint-Michel (part of the English Channel) in Avranches close to the mouth of the Sélune river. Another town along the Sée is Brécey.
 At 2744 metres (9003 ft) the Hochwanner (formerly: Kothbachspitze) is the second highest mountain in Germany after the Zugspitze (if the somewhat higher Schneefernerkopf is only considered as a sub-peak of the Zugspitze). In addition the Hochwanner is the highest peak on the main ridge of the Wetterstein (Wettersteinhauptkamm) running from Gatterl to the Upper Wettersteinspitze (Oberen Wettersteinspitze) above Mittenwald in an east-west direction.
 The Gologanu River or Gologan River is a tributary of the Gerului River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Găvanele River.
 The Colăcelul River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
 Grozny Group (also Grozny Volcano) is a complex volcano located in the central part of Iturup Island Kuril Islands controlled by Russia and claimed by Japan. There is an ongoing eruption here.There are atleast two named volcanoes: Japanese: 小田萌山 Odamoi yama Japanese: 焼山 Yake-yama Russian: Иван Грозный Volcan Ivan Grozny
 Trollhøtta or Trollhetta is a mountain in the border of the municipalities of Surnadal and Rindal in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is part of the Trollheimen mountain range just east of the lake Gråsjøen and the mountains Snota and Neådalssnota.
 The Sugasău River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Slettmarkhøe is a mountain close to the southern border of Jotunheimen National Park in Oppland Norway.
 Humboldt Peak is the southernmost high summit in the East Humboldt Range of Elko County in northeastern Nevada. To the west are First and Second Boulder Canyons to the south is Pole Canyon and Secret Pass and to the east is the South Fork of Steele Creek and Clover Valley. The summit is the end of a high crest running almost 10 miles (16 km) to the north and the beginning of a slow descent to Ruby Valley to the southeast.
 The Do Cedro River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Rauhe Ebrach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Both Llantysilio Mountain and Maesyrchen Mountain re-direct here. Moel y Gamelin is a hill in Denbighshire North Wales to the northwest of the town of Llangollen. It is the highest summit of a range which stretches eastwards from near the village of Carrog to the Horseshoe Pass (Welsh: Bwlch Oernant) traversed by the A542 road and reaches an elevation of 577 metres (1893 ft) above sea level.
 Obersee (upper lake) or Oberer Arosasee is the lake in the center of Arosa a resort in the Grisons Switzerland. The lake has a surface area of 7.1 ha (18 acres) at an elevation of 1734 m. Arosa's lower lake (Untersee) is at 1691 m.
 The Olimar Chico River is a river of Uruguay.
 Red Butte Creek is a small stream whose headwaters are found in the northeast part of Salt Lake County. It flows west through the Red Butte Garden and Arboretum by the University of Utah Fort Douglas and flows southwesterly through Salt Lake City’s Liberty Park before forming a confluence with the Jordan River. Consisting of 7.25 sq mi (18.8 km2) of watershed Red Butte Canyon is the smallest canyon of the seven canyons in eastern Salt Lake County.
 Tully Mountain 1163 ft (354 m) is a prominent steep-sided monadnock located in north central Massachusetts in the town of Orange approximately five miles south of the New Hampshire border. An exposed south and west facing ledge on the summit provides views of the Millers River valley Mount Monadnock Mount Wachusett and the Wapack Range.
 The Barak River (Pron: bəˈrɑ:k) is one of the major rivers of South Assam and is a part of the Surma-Meghna River System. It rises in the hill country of Manipur State where it is the biggest and the most important of the hill country rivers. After Manipur it flows through Mizoram State and into Assam ending just after it enters Bangladesh where the Surma and Kushiyara rivers begin.
 The Sonneberg also called the Buchberg is a hill in the Lusatian Highlands of eastern Germany with a height of 401.0 m above sea level (NN). It is the fourth highest hill in the borough of Neusalza-Spremberg in Saxony after the Fuchsberg (422 m) and Hahneberg (410 m) and an unnamed peak about 600 metres north of the Sonneberg (403.2 m).
 Mount Ayanganna is a sandstone tepui in the Pakaraima Mountains of western Guyana 85 kilometres east of Mount Roraima at 5°23′N 59°59′W. With a height of 2041 metres (6696 feet) it is the easternmost tepui taller than 2000 metres.
 The Kyi river (Tibetan: སྐྱིད་ཆུ་ Wylie: sKyid chu) alias Lhasa river is a northern tributary of the Yarlung Tsangpo in Tibet.
 The Chiuruţul Mare River is a tributary of the Lăzarea River in Romania.
 Bjelašnica (pronounced [bjělaːʃnit͡sa]) is a mountain in central Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is found directly to the southwest of Sarajevo bordering Mt. Igman. Bjelašnica's tallest peak by which the whole mountain group got its name rises to an elevation of 2067 meters (6782 feet). Other notable peaks are Krvavac (2061 m) Mali Vlahinja (2055 m) and Hranisava (1964 m).
 The Baram river is a river in Sarawak East Malaysia on the island of Borneo. The river originates in the Kelabit Highlands a watershed demarcated by the Iran Mountains of East Kalimantan which form a natural border with Sarawak.
 The Takaka River lies in the northwest of New Zealand's South Island. It runs north for 70 kilometres entering Golden Bay near the town of Takaka.It was reported on 17 January 2007 that the Takaka river is one of a growing number of South Island rivers to have a confirmed case of the invasive river weed didymo.
 Mount York is a 1061 metres (3481 ft) mountain in the western Blue Mountains of New South Wales Australia located approximately 150 kilometres (93 mi) west of Sydney. It is in fact a projection of the Blue Mountains plateau creating a promontory of the western escarpment with a minor rise at its summit.
 The Wharekawa River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northeast to reach the Wharekawa Harbour half way between Pauanui and Whangamata.
 Saar (Werra) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Geoagiu River ( Hungarian: Gyógy-patak or Diódi-patak ) or Stremț River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. The upper reach of the river upstream of the Râmeţ Monastery is also known as the Râmeț River.
 Bhaja Caves (Marathi: भाजा) are a group of 22 rock-cut caves dating back to 2nd century BC located at Maval near Lonavala Maharashtra.The caves are located 400 feet above the Bhaja Village. The Bhaja Caves are on a major trade route of the past that ran from the Arabian Sea eastward into the Deccan region the division between North India and South India. The inscriptions and cave temple are protected as a National Monument by the Archaeological Survey of India vide Notification No. 2407-A.
 Campanile Basso is a mountain in the Brenta group (It.: Dolomiti di Brenta) a subgroup of the Rhaetian Alps in the Italian Region of Trentino-Alto Adige with a height of (2883 metres (9459 ft)). It is of a slender almost fully vertical shape on all sides rising up 300 metres straight up between its neighboring peaks Brenta Alta and Campanile Alto. The mountain got its name because of its similarity in shape to an Italian belltower (It.: campanile).
 The Carrizal River is a river of Ecuador.
 The Zoiteana River is a tributary of the Horincea River in Romania.
 Aquamole Pot is a cave in West Kingsdale North Yorkshire England. It was originally explored from below by cave divers who had negotiated 550 feet (170 m) of sump passage from Rowten Pot in 1974 to discover a high aven above the river passage.
 Qachu Quta (Aymara qachu female quta lake female lake hispanicized spelling Cacho Kkota) or Llachu Quta (Aymara llachu seaweed seaweed lake hispanicized Llacho Kkota) is a Bolivian lake on the west side of the Apolobamba mountain range. It is situated in the La Paz Department Bautista Saavedra Province Charasani Municipality Charasani Canton north west of Charasani south east of the larger lake Janq'u Qala and east of the small lake Ch'uxña Quta.
 The Cahuenga Pass (/kəˈwɛŋɡə/; from the indigenous Tongva language; el. 745 ft (227 m). / 227 m) is a mountain pass through the eastern end of the Santa Monica Mountains in the Hollywood district of the City of Los Angeles California.The Cahuenga Pass connects the Los Angeles Basin to the San Fernando Valley via U.S. Route 101 (Hollywood Freeway) and Cahuenga Boulevard.
 The Iddefjord (a classic fjord with a narrow watercourse and steep natural formations on both sides) runs along the Norwegian – Swedish border from the Singlefjord. The Iddefjord separates the Swedish province of Bohuslän in the county of Västra Götaland from the Norwegian municipality of Halden in the county of Østfold. It opens to the Skagerrak via the Svinesund and Hvaler archipelago (a cluster of classic skerries).
 Thomsons Lake is a lake nature reserve in the City of Cockburn Western Australia approximately 25 km south of the central business district of Perth the state capital and on the southern fringes of the Perth metropolitan area. It in the suburb of Beeliar 7 km south-west of Jandakot Airport.
 Lake Lackawanna was created by the removal of fill material for the creation of Lubber Run Fill on the Lackawanna Cut-Off in northwest New Jersey United States. The lake is fed by Lubbers Run which was dammed when this section of the Cut-Off was constructed during the years 1908–1911.
 Jôf di Montasio (Italian Friulian: Jôf dal Montâs Slovene: Montaž German: Montasch) with an altitude of 2752 metres (9029 ft) is the second highest peak of the Julian Alps surpassed only by Mount Triglav. Since medieval times the steep rocks of the Montasio massif stretching about 20 kilometres (12 mi) in east-west direction formed the natural border between the Imperial Duchy of Carinthia in the north and the Venetian Domini di Terraferma in the south.
 The Pârâul Alb is a tributary of the Valea Cailor River in Romania
 The Lăzăroaie River is a headwater of the Bolovăniş River in Romania.
 The Alburni are an Italian mountain range of the Province of Salerno Campania part of the Apennines. Due to their geomorphology they are popularly known as the Dolomites of Campania or of Southern Italy. The highest mountain is the Panormo (1742 amsl). Its second name Alburno gives the name to the whole range.
 Pferdskopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Sacambaya River is a river of Bolivia in the La Paz Department.
 The Surry River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It flows into Portland Bay at Narrawong and is the first river east of the Glenelg River to reach the sea. It was named by Thomas Mitchell on accepting the suggestion of the Henty Brothers.
 The North Polar Basin or Borealis basin is a large basin in the northern hemisphere of Mars that covers 40% of the planet. Chryse Planitia the landing site of the Viking 1 lander is a bay which opens into this basin.One possible explanation for the basin's low flat and relatively crater-free topography is that the basin was formed by a single large impact.
 The Peleș River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Waterrock Knob is a mountain peak in the U.S. state of North Carolina. It is the highest peak in the Plott Balsams and is the 16th highest mountain in the Eastern United States. It is the 15th highest of the 40 mountains in North Carolina over 6000 feet.The mountain is split by both Haywood and Jackson counties in the western mountains of the state. It is located in the Plott Balsams mountain chain between the Great Smoky Mountains and the Great Balsam Mountains.
 Oudemans is a crater on Mars named after Jean Abraham Chrétien Oudemans (December 16 1827 – December 14 1906) a Dutch astronomer.Oudemans Crater is an example of very pristine morphology since small features in its ejecta and on its floor are preserved. Being young it does not display water erosion on its rim. Unlike some craters Oudemans Crater does not have alluvial fans on its floor.
 Hertzsprung is an enormous lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon beyond the western limb. In dimension this formation is larger than several of the lunar mare areas on the near side. It lies in the northwestern fringe of the blast radius of the Mare Orientale impact basin.
 Lyscombe Hill (262 metres 860 feet high) is a hill near Melcombe Bingham about 14 kilometres north-northeast of Dorchester in the county of Dorset England.
 Chanchamayu (Quechua chanchay to walk and leap about to walk quickly and confused chancha chancha to walk quickly and irregularly shancha a kind of bird mayu river hispaniciced spelling Chanchamayo) is a river in the Junín Region in Peru. It originates in the Waytapallana mountain range where it is named Tulumayu. Chanchamayu flows along the town La Merced which is also called Chanchamayu. At the confluence of the rivers Chanchamayu and Pawkartampu the river receives the name Perené River.
 The River Tern (also historically known as the Tearne) is a river in Shropshire England. It rises north-east of Market Drayton in the north of the county. The source of the Tern is considered to be the lake in the grounds of Maer Hall Staffordshire. From here it flows for about 30 miles (48 km) being fed by the River Meese and the River Roden until it joins the River Severn near Attingham Park Atcham.
 Lava Glacier is located on the north slopes of Mount Adams a stratovolcano in Gifford Pinchot National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier descends from approximately 10000 ft (3000 m) to a terminus near 7800 ft (2400 m). Lava Glacier has been in a general state of retreat for over 100 years and lost 74 percent of its surface area between 1904 and 2006.
 La Pointe de Thivelet (or Pointe de Thimelet) is mountain culminating at 1231 m above sea level and located in the town of Corbel in Savoie. It is situated in the Chartreuse Mountains.
 Big Interior Mountain is a snow covered mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 42 km (26 mi) northeast of Tofino and 5 km (3 mi) southwest of Mount Rosseau in Strathcona Provincial Park.It is most easily accessed from Bedwell Lake reached via the Bedwell Lake Trail. Access is also possible from Cream Lake reached via the Price Creek Trail. The Price Creek Trail is overgrown and not recommended.
 The Tierra Blanca Mountains are located in San Diego County in southern California between the Vallecito Mountains and the In-Ko-Pah Mountains. The range is located to the west of the community of Canebrake and the Carrizo Badlands.
 Very is a tiny lunar crater located in the eastern part of Mare Serenitatis to the west-southwest of Le Monnier. It lies upon a wrinkle ridge that runs to the north and south named Dorsa Smirnov. The crater was previously known as Le Monnier B a satellite crater of Le Monnier before being renamed by the IAU.
 Astafjorden is a fjord (more accurately a strait) in Troms county Norway. It flows through the municipalities of Salangen Gratangen Ibestad and Skånland. The 30-kilometre (19 mi) long fjord flows from the Salangen fjord in the east to the Vågsfjorden in the west. The 3.5-kilometre (2.2 mi) wide fjord separates the islands of Andørja and Rolla from the mainland. There are several small fjords that branch off this fjord including: Lavangen Gratangen Grovfjorden and Salangen.
 The Aldranser Bach is a small stream near Innsbruck Austria. It has its source near Aldrans amidst the forest and flows in northern direction to Castle Ambras. Above the castle were a swimming pool for the public which was formerly fed by the Aldranserbach. In the big garden of the Castle the brook supplies the Great Pond with fresh water and then flows further through the Forest Park to Ambras where it merges with the Lanser Bach and then further into the Inn River.
 The Orşova River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
 Loch Tay (Scottish Gaelic Loch Tatha) is a freshwater loch in the central highlands of Scotland in the district of Perthshire.It is a long narrow loch of around 14.55 mi (23.42 km) long and typically around 1 to 1½ miles wide following the line of the valley from the south west to north east.
 Bjørnahøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Brushy Creek (San Gabriel River) is a river in Texas.
 Balch is a crater on Venus at latitude 29.9 longitude 282.9 in Devana Chasma Central Beta Regio. It is 40 km in diameter and named after Emily Balch though it was originally designated Somerville crater. This crater is one of the few examples of tectonically modified craters seen on Venus. The absence of such craters indicates a possible cessation of tectonic deformation on Venus at some point in history.
 The Valea Crovului River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 Momchil Peak (Bulgarian: Момчилов връх) is an ice-covered peak rising to 625 m in Breznik Heights Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica.
 The Mostiștea River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania. It flows through the artificial Lake Mostiştea. Its source is near the village Dascălu northeast of Bucharest. It flows into the Danube near Mânăstirea.
 Erbesbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Sainte-Anne River is a tributary of the Saint Lawrence River in the province of Quebec Canada.It is well known for ice fishing with the primary catch being Tommy Cod (poulamon in French) during the winter at Ste-Anne-de-la-Pérade.
 Roßberg (Schwäbische Alb) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 De Graft is an impact crater on Mercury.
 Homberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Do Peixe River (Pará River) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Puig Campana (Valencian pronunciation: [ˈputʃ kamˈpana] literally translated in English as Bell Hill) is a mountain forming part of the Prebaetic System in the southeast of Spain. With an altitude of 1406 metres (4613 ft) it is the second highest peak in the province of Alicante.
 The Leatham River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It is the main tributary of the Branch River itself a tributary of the Wairau River. The Leatham flows north in a parallel valley to the Branch for most of its length before turning northwest to join with the Branch six kilometres from its outflow into the Wairau 40 kilometres south of Richmond New Zealand.
 Mount Galunggung (Indonesian: Gunung Galunggung formerly spelled Galoen-gong) is an active stratovolcano in West Java Indonesia around 80 km (50 mi) southeast of the West Java provincial capital Bandung (or around 25 km (16 mi) to the east of the West Java town of Garut).
 The Veljul River is a tributary of the Chișer River in Romania.
 Cannizaro Park is a public park in Wimbledon in the London Borough of Merton. It is located to the south of Wimbledon Common and is known for its ornamental landscaped gardens with ponds and sculpture.
 The Valea Scorușilor River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
 Lynx Lake Arizona is a 55-acre (220000 m2) reservoir located within Prescott National Forest approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) east of Prescott Arizona in the Bradshaw Mountains. The lake is located at 5530 feet (1690 m) elevation and is stocked for fishing. It is one of the most popular recreation areas in central Arizona.
 The Șteau River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Rybinsk Reservoir (Russian: Ры́бинское водохрани́лище tr. Rybinskoye vodokhranilishche IPA: [ˈrɨbʲɪnskəjə vədəxrɐˈnʲilʲɪɕːə]) informally called the Rybinsk Sea is a water reservoir on the Volga River and its tributaries Sheksna and Mologa formed by Rybinsk Hydroelectric Station dam located on the territories of Tver Vologda and Yaroslavl Oblasts. At the time of its construction it was the largest man-made body of water on Earth. It is the northernmost point of the Volga.
 The White Mountains are a mountain range covering about a quarter of the state of New Hampshire and a small portion of western Maine in the United States. Part of the northern Appalachian Mountains they are the most rugged mountains in New England. The range is heavily visited due to its proximity to Boston and to a lesser extent New York City.Most of the area is public land including the White Mountain National Forest and a number of state parks.
 Talking Mountain in El Dorado County California is peak in the Sierra Nevada located on the high ridge that extends eastward form the summit of Ralston Peak in the Eldorado National Forest. It is east of Lake Tahoe south of Echo Lake and marks the border of the Desolation Wilderness. South of the summit U.S. Route 50 follows the South Fork of the American River.
 Brown's Park originally called Brown's Hole is an isolated mountain valley along the Green River in Moffat County Colorado and Daggett County Utah in the United States. The valley begins in far eastern Utah approximately 25 miles (40 km) downstream from Flaming Gorge Dam and follows the river downstream into Colorado ending at the Gates of Lodore in Dinosaur National Monument.
 The Escalante River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into Lake Maracaibo.
 The Valea Cetății River is a tributary of the Seini River in Romania.
 Knochenbach (Werre) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Tverrfjellet (Skjåk) is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Vym River (Russian: Вымь) is a river in the Komi Republic Russia. It is a tributary of the Vychegda River in the basin of Northern Dvina. Its length is 499 km and its drainage basin 25600 km². Average discharge is 196 m³/s.The Vym has its sources in the southern foothills of the Timan Ridge. It runs towards the south through a flat taiga landscape of coniferous forests and bogs. In the upper reaches of the river there are stetches of rapids.
 Natahki Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Natahki Lake is in a cirque below Mount Henkel to the west and south and Altyn Peak to the southeast.
 Cedar River is an 11.6-mile-long (18.7 km) stream in Antrim County in the U.S.
 Hazen Bay is a 10-mile-wide (16 km) bay of the Bering Sea in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located 37 miles southeast of Hooper Bay and was named for Gen. William Babcock Hazen U.S. Army Chief Signal Officer in 1878 by E. W. Nelson of the United States Signal Services.
 Suva Planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Сува планина meaning The dry mountain) is a mountain in southeastern Serbia. It lies between towns of Niška Banja on the northwest and Babušnica on the southeast with a ridge branching towards Bela Palanka on north. Its earlier name was Kunovica.The highest peak is Trem ('porch') at 1810 m and the second highest is Sokolov kamen ('Falcon's rock') at 1523m.
 Sun and Moon Bay (Chinese: 日月湾) also known as Riyue Bay is located approximately 25 km south of Wanning Hainan China. It is around 45 km long and as been the site of numerous surfing events. The Sun and Moon Bay Railway Station is situated approximately 1 km inland from this bay.
 Coldwater Creek is a river in Oklahoma and Texas. It originates in the south-west corner of Cimarron County Oklahoma in the Oklahoma Panhandle. It flows easterly through Dallam Sherman and Hansford counties in the Texas Panhandle. It flows through the Optima National Wildlife Refuge before joining the Beaver River in Texas County Oklahoma at the Optima Dam.
 Lago del Brugneto is a lake in the Province of Genova Liguria Italy. At an elevation of 777 m its surface area is 0.97 km².
 Stratton Mountain is a mountain located in Windham County Vermont in the Green Mountain National Forest.The mountain a monadnock is the highest point of Windham County and of the southern Green Mountains generally. A fire tower located on the summit is generally open for climbing by the public.
 The Turanganui River is a river in the city of Gisborne New Zealand. Formed by the confluence of the Taruheru River and the Waimata River it flows through downtown Gisborne to reach the Pacific Ocean at the northern end of Poverty Bay. A memorial to the first landing place in New Zealand by Captain James Cook is located close to the mouth of the river.
 Fahrbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Dinglishna Hill /dɪŋˈlɪʃnə/ is a hill located East of Mount Susitna in the Matanuska-Susitna Valley of South Central Alaska. It is also the name of the Dinglishna Hills subdivision of the Matanuska-Susitna Borough Alaska.
 Red Clover Creek is a northeastward-flowing stream originating on Horton Ridge east of the Sierra Nevada crest in Plumas County California United States. It courses 27 miles (43 km) through Dotta Canyon and the Red Clover Valley culminating in Last Chance Creek which flows in turn into Indian Creek in the Genesee Valley and from there to the East Branch North Fork Feather River.
 Kyrkjetaket or Kirketaket is a mountain on the border of the municipalities of Rauma and Nesset in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The peak is located in Rauma about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) northeast of the village of Isfjorden and 12.4 kilometres (7.7 mi) from Åndalsnes. The mountain Gjuratinden lies about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) southeast of Kyrkjetaket.In February 2004 it was chosen as one of Norway's 10 finest alpine mountains by the magazine Fri Flyt.
 Johnny Creek is one of the many creeks running through the Temagami region of Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is located about 4 km (2.5 mi) south of Temagami North in southeastern Strathy Township. The creek is entirely within the municipality of Temagami flowing in a east-west direction.
 The Șaru River is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 Shivling is a mountain in the Gangotri Group of peaks in the western Garhwal Himalaya near the snout of the Gangotri Glacier. It lies in the northern Indian state of Uttarakhand 6 kilometres (4 mi) south of the Hindu holy site of Gaumukh (the source of the Bhagirathi River). Its name refers to its status as a sacred symbol of the God - Lord Shiva's Shiva Linga. It was called Matterhorn Peak by early European visitors because of its similarity in appearance to that Alpine peak.
 The Pyramid Mountains are a 30 mi (48 km) long mountain range in central-east Hidalgo County New Mexico. The city of Lordsburg is at its northern border where the range causes Interstate 10 to traverse northeast then southeast around the range.The range anchors the northeast corner of the extensive north-south Animas Valley.
 The Witenalpstock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Uri and Graubünden. It lies west of the Oberalpstock between the Etzlital and the Val Strem.
 The Salt River (Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.
 The Iron Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County California.
 Palmieri is a lunar crater that lies to the southwest of the Mare Humorum in the southwestern quadrant of the Moon's near side. It lies due south of the crater Liebig and east-northeast of the larger Fourier.This crater formation has an eroded outer rim that has a gap along the southeastern side and a pair of narrow gaps along the northern rim. The remains of a small flooded crater form the northern edge of the gap along the southeast.
 The Roșușul River or Socolău River is a tributary of the Ruscova River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Roşuşul Mare and Roşuşul Mic
 Portingbury Hills (grid reference TL5320) or Portingbury Rings is a hill in Hatfield Forest Little Hallingbury Hatfield Broad Oak Essex suggested to date to the Iron Age or Bronze Age. It consists of a 3 features a hill and mound connected by a zig-zag causeway formed by 2 almost parallel ditches to another rectangular enclosure measuring 30 x 21 metres (100 x 70 ft) surrounded by a large ditch with a suggested bank up to 11 metres wide (35 ft).
 The Tippecanoe River (/ˌtɪpikəˈnuː/ TIP-ee-kə-NOO) is a gentle 182-mile-long (293 km) river in northern Indiana that flows from Big Lake in Noble County to the Wabash River near Battle Ground about 12 miles (19 km) northeast of Lafayette. The name Tippecanoe comes from a Miami-Illinois word for buffalo fish reconstructed as */kiteepihkwana/.The Tippecanoe River is fed by 88 natural lakes and has a drainage area of 1250000 acres (5100 km2) spanning 14 counties.
 Lake Järvemäe is a lake of Estonia.
 Nuthe (Anhalt) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 C. Herschel is a small lunar crater that lies on the western part of Mare Imbrium. It is a circular bowl-shaped formation that has not undergone significant erosion. The interior floor has the same low albedo as the surrounding lunar mare. To the south-southwest is the similar crater Heis. C. Herschel lies on a wrinkle ridge of the lunar mare named the Dorsum Heim. It is named after Caroline Herschel.
 Elzer Berg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Maschaug Pond is a coastal lagoon in Westerly Washington County Rhode Island United States. Located at 41°19′07″N 71°49′51″W it is one of nine such lagoons (often referred to as salt ponds) in southern Rhode Island. A small brackish pond it is not permanently connected to the Block Island Sound and is largely bordered by a golf course.
 Soagŋojávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 4.02-square-kilometre (1.55 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of the village of Masi.
 Mount Akagi (赤城山 Akagi-yama English: Red Castle) is a mountain in Gunma Prefecture Japan. The broad low dominantly andesitic stratovolcano rises above the northern end of the Kanto Plain. It contains an elliptical 3 x 4 km summit caldera with post-caldera lava domes arranged along a NW-SE line. Lake Ono is located at the NE end of the caldera. An older stratovolcano was partially destroyed by edifice collapse producing a debris-avalanche deposit along the south flank.
 Pushpagiri or Kumara Parvatha at 1712 metres (5617 ft) is the highest peak in Pushpagiri Wildlife Sanctuary in the Western Ghats of Karnataka. It is located in the Somwarpet Taluk 20 kilometres (12 mi) from Somwarpet in the northern part of Kodagu district. This mountain is on the border between Dakshina Kannada and Kodagu districts.
 Urdvassnutene is a mountain consisting of two peaks. The highest summit is borderpoint between the counties of Buskerud and Sogn og Fjordane in southern Norway.
 Pecan Bayou (Colorado River) is a slow-moving stream in Callahan County Texas. The stream is fed by over twenty creeks and is one of the major tributaries of the Colorado River in Texas. It may be the westernmost bayou in the United States. A dam on Pecan Bayou seven miles north of Brownwood forms Lake Brownwood.
 The San Gabriel River is a river that flows through central Texas. The San Gabriel River is formed in Georgetown Texas by the confluence of the North Fork San Gabriel and the South Fork San Gabriel both of which originate in Burnet County. There are two major impoundments of the river: Lake Georgetown along the North Fork and Granger Lake about 25 miles (40 km) below the confluence. Both are U.S. Army Corps of Engineers impoundments.
 Lake Calibato is one of the seven crater lakes collectively called Pitong Lawa or Seven Lakes of San Pablo in Laguna. The lake is situated in Brgy. Sto. Angel in San Pablo City. Calibato has an area of 42 hectares and maximum depth of 135 meters. Calibato's maximum water capacity is approximately 29600 cubic meters. Its supplies the city and nearby towns with abundant fish and aquatic plants.
 The Seidewitz is a river of Saxony Germany. It is a left tributary of the Gottleuba into which it flows in the town Pirna. Its source is in the Eastern Ore Mountains near the village Breitenau. It flows through the town Liebstadt. Its length is about 25 km.
 The Potato River is a 10.3-mile-long (16.6 km) river in Ontonagon County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Lake Superior.
 Storsmeden is a mountain in the western part of the Rondane mountain range. The mountains in the western part are called the Smiubelgen mountains.The mountain is easiest to access on its western ridge. Experienced hikers may access via Veslesmeden scrambling the eastern ridge.
 von Baeyer is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar near side near the southern pole. The crater is located directly adjacent to Svedberg crater and Northeast and South of prominent craters Scott and Demonax respectively. Baeyer was adopted and named after German chemist Adolf von Baeyer by the IAU in 2009.
 The Zănoguța River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Godor is a top of Cadair Berwyn in north east Wales. It lies as the last summit on a boggy ridge heading south from Cadair Berwyn's summit. The summits of Tomle and Godor North Top are also to be found on the ridge.The summit is grassy marked by a small cairn.
 Eötvös is the remains of a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the north-northwest of the walled plain Roche and east-southeast of the equally ruined Bolyai.Only the northwestern section of the crater's rim survives the remainder now forming a battered uneven circular rise. The rim is nearly non-existent along the southeast where it joins an uneven plain reaching the rim of Roche. Small craters lie along the rim to the northeast and one to the southwest.
 The Verdele River is a tributary of the Şoimu River in Romania.
 Duncan Lake is a man-made reservoir lake in the Kootenay region of British Columbia Canada formed by Duncan Dam and about 45 km in length. It is fed by the Duncan River which forms part of the boundary between the Selkirk Mountains to the west and the Purcell Mountains to the east. Below Duncan Dam is the head of Kootenay Lake.Prior to inundation there was a lake of shorter length at the same location also named Duncan Lake but also known as Upper Kootenay Lake or Upper Kootenai Lake.
 Yr Elen is a mountain in the Carneddau range in Snowdonia Wales. It is the ninth highest mountain in Snowdonia. The average annual temperature of the peak is around 4 celsius. It lies on a short ridge running WNW off the main north-east to south-west ridge of the Carneddau just over one kilometre from Carnedd Llewelyn. It is usually climbed from the main ridge of the Carneddau as it is only a short walk from Carnedd Llywelyn.
 Hasse Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 Monte Lera is a mountain in the Alpi di Lanzo a sub-group of the Graian Alps with an elevation of 1368 m. It is located between the Val Casternone and the Ceronda valley in the communes of Val della Torre Varisella and Givoletto.It houses a sanctuary dedicated to the Madonna of the Snow included in a regional reserve instituted in 1984 to protect the rare Euphorbia gibelliana.
 Feuillée is a small lunar impact crater in the eastern part of the Mare Imbrium. It lies less than a half crater diameter to the northwest of Beer and the two formations form a nearly matched pair. To the west is the small but prominent crater Timocharis.Like Beer Feuillée is a circular bowl-shaped formation with a small interior floor at the midpoint of the sloping inner walls. This sharp-edged crater is not notably worn or eroded and lacks any distinguishing features.
 The Izvorul Florii River or Pârâul Florii is a tributary of the Moaşa River in Romania.
 The Baleia River is a tributary of the Murguşa River in Romania.
 The Valea Comisului River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 Mount MacKenzie is a volcanic peak located 40 km (25 mi) northeast of Hagenborg British Columbia Canada. It is one of the volcanic peaks of the Rainbow Range which is one of the three major shield volcanoes that form the Anahim Volcanic Belt. Mount MacKenzie was formed when the North American Plate moved over a hotspot similar to the one feeding the Hawaiian Islands known as the Anahim hotspot.
 The Burdekin River in Queensland Australia rises on the western slope of the Seaview Range and flows into the Pacific Ocean at Upstart Bay over 200 km to the southeast of the source. The river was first encountered by Europeans during the expedition led by Ludwig Leichhardt in 1845 and named for Mrs.
 Hamilton Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Champoeg Creek is a tributary roughly 6 miles (9.7 km) long of the Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The creek is formed by the confluence of its two forks in the French Prairie region of the Willamette Valley and flows generally northeast to meet the Willamette 45 miles (72 km) from the river's confluence with the Columbia River.
 Scheiner is a lunar impact crater that lies to the west of the enormous walled plain Clavius. To the southeast near the rim of Clavius is the crater Blancanus. The rim of Scheiner is worn eroded and marked with multiple impacts. It is most heavily worn in the northern part where a cluster of craterlets covers the entrance to a low valley leading to the north. The floor of the crater has several craterlets including Scheiner A that lies near the midpoint.
 Mount Joyce is a prominent dome-shaped mountain 1830 metres (6000 ft) high standing on the south side of David Glacier 8 nautical miles (15 km) northwest of Mount Howard in the Prince Albert Mountains of Victoria Land Antarctica.
 Keokradong is a peak located in Bangladesh with an altitude of 986 metres (3235 ft).
 Twin Lakes is a set of connected lakes at the base of the southeastern slope of Mammoth Mountain in Mono County of eastern California. They are in the eastern Sierra Nevada and within the Inyo National Forest.Twin Lakes are the lowest lakes in the Mammoth Lakes Basin. On one side of the lake are lava cliffs that were formed by eruptions of Mammoth Mountain. The other side of the lake has the Inyo National Forest's Twin Lakes Campground and Tamarack Lodge of the Mammoth Mountain Ski Area.
 Chauvenet is a lunar impact crater that is located to the northeast of the prominent crater Tsiolkovskiy on the far side of the Moon. Less than one crater diameter to the northwest of Chauvenet is the crater Ten Bruggencate.The rim of this crater is roughly circular with the satellite crater Chauvenet C overlying the northeastern side and intruding into the interior. A ridge runs from the western side of this intruding feature to the midpoint of the interior of Chauvenet.
 The Dry Lake Range is a mountain range in Clark County Nevada.
 The Pamisos (Greek: Πάμισος) is the largest river of the Messenia regional unit of the southern Peloponnese in Greece. Its source is on the western slopes of the Taygetus mountains near the village Agios Floros. It runs through the municipal units of Arfara Ithomi Androusa Aris Messini Thouria and Kalamata. It flows into the Messenian Gulf east of Messini and west of Kalamata.
 The New River (Río Nuevo in Spanish) flows north from near Cerro Prieto through the city of Mexicali Baja California Mexico into the United States through the city of Calexico California towards the Salton Sea. The river channel has existed since pre-historic times; however the river as known today was formed from a levee failure that resulted in massive flooding that re-created the Salton Sea.
 The Gefrorene-Wand-Spitzen are two summits on the Tux Crest (Tuxer Kamm) a mountain chain in the Zillertal Alps one of the ranges of the central Eastern Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol. The north summit (Nordgipfel) is recorded as 3286 metres high in the literature but is 3288 metres high according to the Federal Office for Metrology and Survey. The south summit (Südgipfel) by contrast is only 3270 metres high. The two peaks are about 300 metres apart.
 Lake Sils (German Silsersee Romansh: Lej da Segl) is a lake in the Upper Engadine valley Grisons Switzerland. It takes its name from the village of Sils im Engadin. The lake lies at an altitude of 1797 metres above sea level between Maloja Pass and Lake Silvaplana.With a surface area of 4.1 km² Lake Sils is the largest lake of the Engadine. It is also the largest natural lake in the Alps lying above 1000 metres.
 The Șușu River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Coquitlam River (/koʊˈkwɪtləm/ or /kəˈkwɪtləm/) is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.The river's name comes from a Halkomelem word meaning stinking of fish slime. A traditional story tells of the Coquitlam people selling themselves into slavery during a winter famine.
 The Khibiny Massif Khibiny Mountains Khibinsky Mountains or Khibins Khibinsky tundras Khibiny (Russian: Хиби́ны [xʲiˈbʲinɨ]) is one of the two main mountain ranges of the Kola Peninsula Russia within the Arctic Circle located between Imandra and Umbozero lakes.The massif is of oval shape of about 1300 km2. and occupies the central part of the peninsula at a relative elevation of 900–1000 m above the surrounding plain.
 Maningory is a river in the region of Analanjirofo in north-eastern Madagascar. It takes it source in Lake Alaotraand flows into the Indian Ocean near Antakobola.
 Željin (Serbian Cyrillic: Жељин) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Vrnjačka Banja. Its highest peak Željin has an elevation of 1785 meters above sea level.
 The Wyna River is a river located mostly in Canton Aargau but also Canton Lucerne Switzerland. It is a tributary of the Suhre River. The Wynental is the Wyna River valley.
 The Valea Ivășcanilor River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 The River Worth is a river in West Yorkshire England. It flows from minor tributaries on the moors above Watersheddles Reservoir down the Worth Valley to Haworth where it is joined by Bridgehouse Beck which flows from Oxenhope. The River Worth is itself a tributary of the River Aire which it joins at the end of the Worth Valley in Keighley.
 There are two places in New Zealand called Heretaunga. For the suburb of Upper Hutt see Heretaunga.The Heretaunga Plains is a 300 square kilometre alluvial plain at the southern end of Hawke Bay on the east coast of the North Island of New Zealand. The towns of Napier Hastings and Havelock North are on the plain.The plain was formed over the last 250000 years from sediment deposited by the Tutaekuri Ngaruroro and Tukituki Rivers and from coastal marine deposits.
 Beaufort Inlet also locally known as Pallinup Estuary is an inlet located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia about 130 kilometres (81 mi) east of Albany.
 Mount Lamborn is a peak in the West Elk Mountains of the US State of Colorado located about 6 mi (10 km) southeast of the town of Paonia in the Gunnison National Forest. It is the highest point in Delta County. Together with nearby Landsend Peak to the southwest it lies at the western edge of the West Elks rising dramatically nearly 6000 ft (1800 m) above the valley of the North Fork Gunnison River to the west.
 Stairway Peak is a mountain located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1918 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 Rocky Mountain is a mountain in Bergen County New Jersey. The peak rises to 1056 feet (322 m) and overlooks Bear Swamp Lake to the northwest. It is part of the Ramapo Mountains.Rocky Mountain is part of Ringwood State Park.
 Lake Woytchugga is an ephemeral lake situated to the east of Wilcannia New South Wales Australia.In late 2012 it became notable for the fact the dry lake bed had caught on fire.
 The Huma River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Hanging Lees Reservoir is a small reservoir in the Piethorne Valley in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale within Greater Manchester England. It is situated between Rooden and Piethorne Reservoirs.
 The Fleckistock (or Rot Stock) is a 3417 metres high mountain in the Urner Alps overlooking Wassen in the canton of Uri. It is the highest summit of the group lying east of the pass of Sustenjoch (2656 metres). This range starting at the Stucklistock and ending at the Salbitschijen separates the valleys of Voralp above Göschenen and Meiental above Wassen.The east flanks of the mountain are covered by glaciers.
 The Höllentalspitzen are three peaks in the Wetterstein Mountains near Garmisch-Partenkirchen in southern Germany. They rise from the ridge of Blassenkamm which runs eastwards from Germany's highest peak the Zugspitze and separate the Hölle Valley to the north from the Reintal Valley to the south.
 The Rădvanu River is a headwater of the Argel River in Romania.
 Mount Arayat is an extinct stratovolcano on Luzon Island Philippines rising to a height of 1026 metres (3366 ft) There is no recorded eruption of the volcano and its last activity probably dates to the Holocene era.The volcano is located in a flat agricultural region at 15°12′N 120°45′E. The southern half of the mountain lies within the municipality of Arayat Pampanga while the north half and the mountain summit lies within Magalang.
 The Gordon River is one of the major rivers of Tasmania Australia. It rises in the centre of the island at Lake Richmond and flows westward for about 193km where it empties into Macquarie Harbour on the West Coast of Tasmania. Major tributaries include the Serpentine River and the Franklin River. The entire course of the Gordon River is an uninhabited wilderness area.
 Lake Iijärvi (Inari) (Northern Sami: Idjajávri Inari Sami: Ijjävri Skolt Sami: Iijäu'rr) is a medium-sized lake in Lapland in Finland. It is located in Kaldoaivi Wilderness Area. Näätämö River (Finnish: Näätämöjoki Norwegian: Neidenelva) flows from it to Neiden Fjord in Norway. Quite near is a similar lake Pautujärvi although it belongs to a different main catchment area catchment of Paatsjoki.
 Glött is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mühlbach (Schussen) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Chichirgeaua River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Snæfellsjökull (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈstn̥aiːfɛlsˌjœːkʏtl̥] snow-fell glacier) is a 700000-year-old stratovolcano with a glacier covering its summit in western Iceland. The name of the mountain is actually Snæfell but it is normally called Snæfellsjökull to distinguish it from two other mountains with this name. It is situated on the most western part of the Snæfellsnes peninsula in Iceland.
 The Ognon is a river of eastern France. It is a left tributary of the Saône which it joins in Pontailler-sur-Saône. Its source is in Haut-du-Them-Château-Lambert in the Vosges mountains near the Ballon d'Alsace.The Ognon flows through the following départements and towns:Haute-Saône: Mélisey Lure Villersexel PesmesDoubs: RougemontJura:Côte-d'Or: Pontailler-sur-Saône
 The Angora Lakes are two small freshwater lakes in the Sierra Nevada and Lake Tahoe Watershed ~1200 ft (370 m) in elevation above Fallen Leaf Lake and Lake Tahoe. It is the location of the Angora Lakes Resort a small summer outdoor recreation location. The lakes were named for a herd of Angora goats that used to graze in the area.To reach Angora Lakes from Hwy 89 take the Fallen Leaf Lake Rd. turnoff for approximately 2 miles (3.2 km). (Alternate route: Lake Tahoe Blvd.
 The Mahuidanche River is a river of Chile.
 The Las Manzanas River is a river of Guatemala.
 Snow Dome is a mountain located on the Continental Divide in the Columbia Icefield where the boundary of Banff National Park and Jasper National Park meets the border of Alberta and British Columbia in Canada. The mountain was named in 1898 by J.
 Lime Mountain is a promontory one the eastern slopes of Castle Dome a 5308-foot (1618 m) mountain east of Scottsdale in the Superstition Wilderness and the Tonto National Forest.
 Gowienica is a river of Poland a right tributary of the Oder.
 Kübelbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake Karapiro is an artificial reservoir lake on the Waikato River 30 kilometres (19 mi) south-east of the city of Hamilton in New Zealand's North Island. The lake was formed in 1947 by damming the Waikato River to store water for the 96-megawatt Karapiro hydroelectric power station.The lake regarded as one of New Zealand's best rowing venues hosted the World Rowing Championships in 1978 and 2010 as well as the rowing events for the 1950 British Empire Games.
 Mount Stakes is a mountain in the Diablo Range in California. The peak is located on the Santa Clara–Stanislaus county line; rises to an elevation of 3810 feet (1161 m) and is the highest point in Stanislaus County. It is 22 miles (35 km) west of Newman and 32 miles (51 km) southeast of Livermore. Some snow falls on the peak during the winter.
 The Manzanares (Spanish pronunciation: [manθaˈnaɾes]) is a river in central Spain which flows from the Sierra de Guadarrama passes through Madrid and eventually empties into the Jarama river which in turn is a tributary to the Tagus.
 Sterzenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Armăsarul River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Dove Elbe is a closed anabranch of the Unterelbe the lower part of the river Elbe (near Hamburg Germany).The inflow is blocked by a dike since 1438. The lower end was shortened by a redirection of the Norderelbe in 1579.Its Low German name translates to deaf Elbe; it is etymologically unrelated to the bird.
 Veliki Krš (Serbian Cyrillic: Велики крш) is a mountain in eastern Serbia near the city of Bor. Its highest peak Veliki krš has an elevation of 1148 meters above sea level. Like nearby Mali Krš and Stol it is dominated by karst formations and they are collectively known as Gornjanski kras. Veliki Krš has an elongated karst ridge at the top section.
 The Stewiacke River is a river in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia that starts at Dryden Lake in Pictou County and flows into the Shubenacadie River in Colchester County running through the Stewiacke Valley.
 Piz Sesvenna is the highest mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps. It lies between the Swiss canton of Graubünden and the Italian region of South Tyrol. The summit is located within Switzerland very close to the Italian border and main watershed.On the north side of Piz Sesvenna lies a glacier named Vadret da Sesvenna.The closest locality is S-charl south of Scuol in the Engadin valley.
 Los Gatos Creek formerly known as Arroyo Pasajero or Arroyo Poso de Chane is a creek in Fresno County California. Its source is in the north end of Garcia Canyon in the Diablo Range near Benito Pass. From there it runs through Los Gatos Canyon in the eastern foothills of the Diablo Range then passes across Pleasant Valley north of Coalinga where Warthan Creek joins it east of the town.
 The Ankobra River is primarily situated in Ghana. Rising north east of Wiawso it flows about 120 miles (190 km) south to the Gulf of Guinea. Its entire course is in south Ghana.The Ankobra River is fed by the Nini River. Small ships can navigate approximately eighty kilometers inland whilst the upper reaches contain rapids. Several hydro electric schemes have been proposed for the upper reaches.
 Kelud (Klut Cloot Kloet Kloete Keloed or Kelut) is a volcano located in East Java on Java in Indonesia. Like many Indonesian volcanoes and others on the Pacific Ring of Fire Kelud is known for large explosive eruptions throughout its history. More than 30 eruptions have occurred since 1000 AD. It last erupted on February 13 2014 and replaced lava dome with 400 meters diameter crater with 30 to 50 meters depth.
 The Alberche is a river in the provinces of Ávila Madrid and Toledo central Spain. It begins its course at 1800 m in Fuente Alberche San Martín de la Vega del Alberche municipal term Ávila Province. It forms the natural division between the Sierra de Gredos and the Sierra de Guadarrama in the Sistema Central.The Alberche flows roughly from NW to SE and bends sharply midway in its course to flow from NE to SW. It meets the Tagus at Talavera de la Reina.
 The Surduc River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
 Wolfsteiner Ohe is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Belston Loch (NS 34894 16186) also recorded as Dromsmodda Loch is a small freshwater loch in the East Ayrshire Council Area near Sinclairston 2 miles south-east of Drongan lying in a glacial Kettle Hole. Parish of Ochiltree Scotland.
 Baiyangdian Lake (Chinese: 白洋淀) is located in the Hebei Province China. It is the largest natural lake in northern China. It is referred to as the Kidney of North China.
 Slipdown Mountain is a summit in Parker County Texas. It is located just east of the Advance Community (near Poolville) and along with Slipdown Bluff is the highest point in Parker County and also the highest point within the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex.
 Pen Allt-mawr is subsidiary summit of Waun Fach and the third highest peak in the Black Mountains in south-eastern Wales. It lies near the end of the westernmost of Waun Fach's south ridges. It is a very recognisable and prominent peak of the Black Mountains. It summit is stony and has a large shelter cairn. Its top Pen Twyn Glas is to the north while its close neighbour Pen Cerrig-calch is to the south.
 The Central Eastern Alps (German: Zentrale Ostalpen) also referred to as Austrian Central Alps (Österreichische Zentralalpen) or just Central Alps comprise the main chain of the Eastern Alps in Austria and the adjacent regions of Switzerland Liechtenstein Italy and Slovenia. The term Central Alps is very common in the Geography of Austria as one of the seven major landscape regions of the country.
 The Boulder River (Minnesota) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Valea Pietroasă River is a headwater of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 Levçay is one of the tributaries of the Tartarchay located in Karabakh of Republic of Azerbaijan.
 Kollau is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 The Stryi River (Ukrainian: Стрий) starts in the Carpathian mountains in western Ukraine. It snakes through the mountains running for 144 miles (231 km). After 120 miles it passes Stryi. The river continues for another 20 miles before joining the Dniester near Khodoriv.
 The Crixás River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Lacchini is an impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located in the northern hemisphere just behind the northwestern limb of the visible Moon. This part of the lunar surface can sometimes be viewed under favorable conditions of libration and illumination but at such times the crater is only seen from the edge.Less than one crater diameter to the east is the larger crater Bragg. To the north is Stefan and farther to the southeast is the walled plain Lorentz.
 Piz Bever is a mountain of the Albula Alps located in the Val Bever in the canton of Graubünden.
 Stenbury Down is a chalk down on the Isle of Wight. It is located close to the town of Ventnor in the southeast of the island and rises to 226 metres at its highest point west of Wroxall Isle of Wight. Stenbury Down is an elongate down running approximately north to south.There is an obelisk erected in 1774 by Sir Richard Worsley in memory of Sir Robert Worsley of Appuldurcombe House. The monument was struck by lightning in 1831 and partially demolished.
 Green Lake is a freshwater lake in north central Seattle Washington within Green Lake Park. The park is surrounded by the Green Lake neighborhood to the north and east the Wallingford neighborhood to the south the Phinney Ridge neighborhood to the west and Woodland Park to the southwest. It is a glacial lake its basin having been dug 50000 years ago by the Vashon glacier which also created Lake Washington Union Bitter and Haller Lakes.
 Dronningkrona is a 1816-metre (5958 ft) tall mountain peak in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is one of the two peaks on the main mountain Vinnufjellet. Its neighbor peak is Kongskrona which reaches 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) higher. The peak is located just 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of the village of Sunndalsøra and the Sunndalsfjorden.
 The Lechința River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
 Hotham Inlet is an arm of Kotzebue Sound on the northwestern coast of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is 50 miles (80 km) long and 5–20 miles (8–32 km) wide. The inlet is the outlet of the Kobuk and Selawik Rivers and it is bounded on the southwest by the Baldwin Peninsula.This inlet was named in 1826 by Royal Navy Captain Frederick William Beechey after Sir Henry Hotham one of the lords of the British Admiralty.
 Baldpate Mountain is a peak of Upper Pohatcong Mountain mountain in Warren County New Jersey. This peak rises to 1165 feet (355 m) and is located in Mansfield Township. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Reading Prong.
 Brunkollen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Watson is a lunar crater that is located in the low southern latitudes on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southwest of the larger crater Lippman and southeast of Fizeau.This is a worn crater formation with an outer edge that has been eroded ro the point where it has lost much of its definition and now forms a rounded uneven edge. A number of small craterlets lie along the edge and within the interior.
 Sorge (Schleswig) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Kleiner Rappenkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Kerr is a mountain in the Victoria Cross Ranges of Alberta Canada. The peak was named for Private John Chipman Kerr who earned the Victoria Cross for his actions in 1916 during World War I.
 Little Para Reservoir is a reservoir in South Australia serving the city of Adelaide. It was built between 1974 and 1977 costing A$11.5 million and commissioned in January 1979.The reservoir is built in the path of the Little Para River and is used for water storage and flood mitigation. As the Little Para's catchment is insufficient to fill the reservoir it is mainly used to store water pumped from the River Murray.
 The Teteriv River (Ukrainian: Тетерiв) is a right tributary of the Dnieper River in Ukraine. It has a length of 365 km and a drainage basin of 15100 km². In the underflow the valley of the Teteriv in Polissia on up to 4 km the width of the river widens up to 40-90 meter before it flows into the Dnieper. The Teteriv is replenished predominantly by snow and rain.
 Wannenkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Grassy Range is a mountain range in Jackson County Oregon.
 The Lud River is a river of the Nelson Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from a ridge ten kilometres to the east of Nelson city centre reaching the Wakapuaka River close to the latters outfall into Delaware Bay an indentation in the eastern shore of Tasman Bay.
 The Dos Frades River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Wong Leng(Chinese: 黃嶺) is on section 9 of the Wilson trail in Pat Sin Leng Country Park Hong Kong.
 Mount Augusta also designated Boundary Peak 183 is a high peak of the Saint Elias Mountains on the border between the U.S. state of Alaska and the Canadian territory of Yukon. Mount Augusta lies about 25 km (16 mi) south of Mount Logan and 25 km east of Mount Saint Elias respectively the first and second highest mountains in Canada. It forms the eastern end of the long ridge of which Mount Saint Elias is the center and highest point.
 Weasel Collar Glacier is in Glacier National Park U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated immediately east of Mount Carter at an average elevation of 7500 feet (2300 m) above sea level. The glacier is in a cirque and the terminus faces to the north. Between 1966 and 2005 Weasel Collar Glacier had the least amount of glacial ice lost of any glacier in Glacier National Park losing only 6.7 percent of its surface area.
 The Valea Moldovanului River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 The Cladagh River (from Irish an Chlaideach meaning washing river) is a small river in County Fermanagh which rises from Marble Arch Caves below Cuilcagh Mountain before flowing through Cladagh Glen Nature Reserve and eventually draining into the Arney River.
 The Buda River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Zumbi River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 The Apaseo River is a river of Mexico.
 Sangpang Bum is one of the highest mountains of the Northern Triangle of Burma. It is located in the Sagaing Region Burma. With a height of 2692 m and a prominence of 1655 m Sangpang Bum is one of the ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia.
 Salza is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany. It is a left tributary of the Saale and flows into the Saale in Salzmünde.
 Cypress Peak is a mountain peak south of Brandywine Mountain on the Squamish-Cheakamus divide west of Whistler in the New Westminster Land District of British Columbia Canada. The mountain was named after nearby Cypress Creek (which has since been renamed Roe Creek).
 Speckled Mountain is a mountain located in western Maine. It can be ascended by the Bickford Brook Spruce Hill Cold Brook Red Rock and Blueberry Ridge trails and is a popular day hike. It is a part of the Caribou-Speckled Mountain Wilderness within the White Mountain National Forest. It is located near the AMC Cold River Camp.
 Carrington is a lunar crater that is located just to the northeast of the crater Schumacher in the northeastern part of the Moon. It lies in a stretch of rough terrain between two small lunar maria with Lacus Temporis to the northwest and the smaller Lacus Spei to the east. To the northeast of Carrington is Mercurius.The rim of Carrington is relatively featureless with a slight protrusion at the northern end giving the formation a tear-drop shape.
 The Padina River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Lizard Head Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming .35 miles (0.56 km) WNW of Lizard Head Peak. The glacier descends from 12400 to 11200 ft (3800 to 3400 m) and is north of and not observable from the popular climbing destination known as the Cirque of the Towers.
 Protagoras is a lunar impact crater that is located on the Mare Frigoris in the northern part of the Moon. To the north-northwest is the slightly larger crater Archytas and to the southeast is the prominent Aristoteles.The rim of Protagoras is circular and rises above the surrounding flat terrain although the rim dips down along the southwestern edge. The interior floor contains a few light markings but no formations of interest.
 The Little Snowy Mountains are a small mountain range in central Montana about 25 miles (40 km) southeast of Lewistown. The range lies mostly in Fergus County but the southern part of the range extends into Golden Valley and Musselshell counties.The range is a lower continuation of the Big Snowy Mountains which lie immediately to the west.
 The Tahaenui River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southeast to reach Hawke Bay five kilometres west of Nuhaka.
 The Pimenta Bueno River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Loch of Boardhouse is a freshwater loch in the parish of Birsay in the north west of the mainland of Orkney. It acts as a reservoir for public water supply and is popular for trout fishing. Nearby are the Loch of Hundland and the Loch of Swannay.The loch was surveyed in 1906 by Sir John Murray and later charted as part of the Bathymetrical Survey of Fresh-Water Lochs of Scotland 1897-1909.
 The Royal Society Range (78°10′S 162°40′E) is a majestic af mountain range in Victoria Land Antarctica. With its summit at 4025 metres (13205 ft) the massive Mount Lister forms the highest point in this range. Mount Lister is located along the western shore of McMurdo Sound between the Koettlitz Skelton and Ferrar glaciers. Other notable local terrain features include Allison Glacier which descends from the west slopes of the Royal Society Range into Skelton Glacier.
 Gooseberry River is a 23 mile stream in Lake County Minnesota USA draining into Lake Superior. It is known for its waterfalls near its mouth in Gooseberry Falls State Park. The Gooseberry like many of its neighboring streams has an irregular discharge highly dependent on runoff from rain and snow melt. The region around the river was heavily forested and much logging took place during the early 1900s.
 The Rahu River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It rises in two branches (the Left Branch and Right Branch) within Victoria Forest Park. From the junction of these two branches the Rahu flows initially southeast before turning north to flow into the Maruia River five kilometres north of Springs Junction. State Highway 7 follows the upper course of the Rahu to the northwest of Springs Junction crossing the Rahu Saddle into the valley of the Inangahua River.
 The Five Fingers Group (also known as The Five Fingers) is a group of summits on the divide between Pitt Lake and Coquitlam Lake and north of Widgeon Lake in British Columbia Canada. The nearest populated areas are Anmore and Coquitlam. The peaks all part of the same massif are named for the fingers of a hand but none of the names are officialThe area is extremely remote and inaccessible.
 Newton Butte in the Grand Canyon Arizona USA is a prominence below the South Rim northwest of Grandview Point and north on a ridgeline from Shoshone Point which is one mile east of Yaki Point East Rim Drive. Shoshone Point and Yaki are both on access roads from East Rim Drive with Yaki being the more advantageous to different viewing directions.Newton Butte is 5940 feet (1811 m) and located on a point/ridge just south of Granite Gorge on the Colorado River.
 The Fuchskaute is an extinct volcano and at 657.3 m above sea level the highest mountain of the Westerwald and the county of Westerwaldkreis in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.The name Fuchskaute (foxhole) refers to a place where the fox (Fuchs) had its den (Kaute).
 Gryaznukha (Russian: Грязнуха) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Kungur River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 19 km.
 The Igaraçu River also called the Igarassu River is a distributary of the Parnaíba River in northern Piauí state in Brazil. It flows from its origin on the Parnaiba River southwest of the city of Parnaíba to the mouth on the Atlantic Ocean near the city of Luís Correia.The river has sections classified as Environmental Protection Area by ICMBio.
 Talbot is a small lunar crater on the Mare Smythii near the eastern limb of the Moon. It lies between a pair of larger flooded craters with Runge to the west and Haldane to the west-northwest. The crater is entirely surrounded by the dark lunar mare. It is a circular bowl-shaped formation with an almost featureless interior floor. The outer rim has a slightly higher albedo than the surrounding terrain but the floor is as dark as the mare.
 The Falschauer (Italian: Valsura; German: Falschauer) is a river in South Tyrol Italy.
 Boardman Peak at 9457 feet (2882 m) high is one of the peaks of the Soldier Mountains of Idaho. Boardman Peak is located at the center of the range southeast of Iron Mountain northwest of Smoky Dome and northwest of Fairfield in Camas County and Sawtooth National Forest. No trails go to the summit but several pass near the peak and the ascent is only class 2. Boardman Peak has over 300 feet (91 m) prominence and is west of Boardman Pass.
 Stierjoch is a mountain at the border of Bavaria Germany with Tyrol Austria. The climb is easy but long.
 Mount Michener with a 2545 m (8350 ft) peak is a mountain on the eastern border of the Canadian Rockies in Alberta Canada. It forms the northerly part of the Ram Range. The mountain sits on the shore of Abraham Lake and its north west and south face are all visible from the David Thompson Highway. The mountain was named in 1982 after Daniel Roland Michener who was the Governor General of Canada from 1967 - 1974.
 The Alice River in central Queensland Australia rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range. The river bisects the Shire of Barcaldine flowing in a south-westerly direction towards Isisford and its confluence with the Barcoo River to form Cooper Creek. Barcaldine is located on Lagoon Creek which flows into the Alice River approximately five kilometre s to the south. The Alice River is often dry except after the annual summer rains.
 Borgwallsee is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 13.2 m (43 ft) its surface area is 3.89 km2 (1.50 sq mi).
 Würm is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Cerro de la Muerte is the highest point in the Costa Rican section of the Inter-American Highway. Its name means Mountain of Death since in the past crossing the mountains from the Valle Central meant a three or four day journey on foot or on horseback and many ill-prepared travelers succumbed to the cold and rain.
 Vernadskii Ridge (Russian: Хребет Вернадского) is a volcanic group located in the northern part of Paramushir Island Kuril Islands Russia.It is named after Russian scientist Vladimir Vernadsky.
 Tiger Hill or Point 4660 is a mountain in the Drass-Kargil area of Jammu & Kashmir India. It is one of the highest peaks in the area and was the subject of the famous battle during the 1999 India-Pakistan Kargil War. Its recapture was one of the most important objective for Indian forces during the Kargil War.
 Cascade Mountain is a mountain located in the Bow River Valley of Banff National Park adjacent to the town of Banff. The mountain was named in 1858 by James Hector after the waterfall or cascade on the southern flanks of the peak. The mountain has also been called Stoney Chief which is related to the name of the smaller neighbouring mountain Stoney Squaw which is still in use. Cascade is the highest mountain adjacent to the townsite.
 The Malnaș River (Hungarian: Málnás) is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. The name in Hungarian means raspberry. The Romanian name derives from that.
 Kannenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Valea Urzicii River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
 Cleawox Lake (klē’ ə woks) is a body of water dammed by sand dunes along the Pacific Ocean coast of the U.S. state of Oregon. The lake is about 3 miles (5 km) south of Florence along U.S. Route 101. Sharing the lakeshore are private properties as well as Oregon Dunes National Recreation Area and Jessie M. Honeyman Memorial State Park which also partly fronts on Woahink Lake. Cleawox is derived from the Siuslaw name for the lake.
 Thunder Mountain at 7455 feet (2272 m) above sea level is a peak in the Albion Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest and Cassia County. It is located about 2.7 mi (4.3 km) southeast of Cache Peak.
 Mont Pèlerin (1080 metres (3540 ft)) (lit. pilgrim mountain) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking Lake Geneva in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It lies north of Chardonne near Vevey the border with the canton of Fribourg running at the northern foot of the mountain.The Vevey–Chardonne–Mont Pèlerin funicular links Vevey and Mont Pèlerin.The Mont Pèlerin TV Tower is located on the wooded summit.
 Bölkau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Ukleisee is a lake in Landkreis Ostholstein Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 26.5 m its surface area is 0.32 km². This lake is (as numerous other lakes in this area) a kettle hole remaining from Weichselian glaciation.
 Bishop Peak is a 1546 feet (471 m) volcanic plug in San Luis Obispo California. It is the tallest of the Morros or Nine Sisters a chain of similar peaks stretching to Morro Bay. It takes its name from its resemblance to a bishop's miter and is frequently referred to by locals as Bishop's Peak.
 The Pietroasa River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Pârâul lui Orban is a tributary of the Pădureni River in Romania.
 Goldberger See is a lake in Ludwigslust-Parchim Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 46.5 m its surface area is 7.7 km².
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Covasna River in Romania.
 Rengen is a lake on the border between Sweden and Norway. The 21.49-square-kilometre (8.30 sq mi) lake covers 15.72 square kilometres (6.07 sq mi) in Norway and 5.77 square kilometres (2.23 sq mi) in Sweden. The Norwegian part is located in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county and the Swedish part is located in the municipality of Krokom in Jämtland County. Water flows into Rengen from the lake Ulen to the north.
 Raudvatnet (English: the red lake) is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The European route E12 highway between Mo i Rana and Sweden passes along the northern and eastern shores of the lake. A Red cross hut (Rauvasshytta) is located east of Raudvatnet. Water flows into the lake Raudvatnet primarily from the nearby lake Tverrvatnet to the south.
 The Ileanda River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 The Rivière des Prairies (literally River of the Prairies sometimes called the The Back River in English) is a delta channel of the Ottawa River in southwestern Quebec Canada. The Amerindians who originally inhabited the Island of Montreal called it Skowanoti meaning “River behind the island”.
 Laguna Victoria is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 201 m its surface area is 25 km².
 Zhupanovsky (Russian: Жупановский) is a volcanic massif located in the southeastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It consists of four overlapping stratovolcanoes. This volcano started erupting again on October 23 2013 after 54 years of quietness.
 Glenn Cunningham Lake is located in Omaha Nebraska United States. The park is located along 96th Street with entrances at State Highway 36 State Street 96th Street and Rainwood Road. The lake is a part of Little Papillion Creek which is part of the Papillion Creek watershed.Glenn Cunningham Lake named for former Omaha mayor and U.S. Congressman Glenn C. Cunningham is located in north central Omaha. The lake project opened to the public in 1977.
 Tallebudgera Creek Dam was constructed in the 1950s on Tallebudgera Creek and long since forgotten as one of the southern Gold Coast's water supply reservoirs. In 2006 after two years of investigation reports and public consultations work to upgrade the existing Tallebudgera Creek Dam to required Department of Natural Resources and Water standards was to commence soon.
 Schmerlenbach (Teufelsbach) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Khentii Mountains (Mongolian: Хэнтийн нуруу) are a mountain range in the Töv and Khentii Provinces in northern Mongolia. The chain overlaps the Khan Khentii Strictly Protected Area and includes Mongolia's sacred mountain Burkhan Khaldun which is associated with the origin of Genghis Khan.The range forms the watershed between the Arctic Ocean (via Lake Baikal) and the Pacific Ocean basins.
 The first version of this article has been based in the text of el:Βολιναίος ποταμός of the Greek Wikipedia published under GFDL.Volinaios (Greek: Βολιναίος also Δρεπανέικο Drepaneiko) is a river in the northern part of Achaea Greece. It empties into the Gulf of Corinth. The river is named after the ancient town of Boline. The river begins in the northern part of the Panachaiko mountains it flows through the village Drepano where it has water all year round.
 The Wattenbach or Wattenerbach has its origins in the Tux Prealps. The Mölsbach and Lizumbach streams merge in the valley bottom near Walchen Camp (Lager Walchen) at a height of 1410 m to form the Wattenbach. It then flows from the Lizum almost due north though the Wattental valley. After 17 kilometres it empties near Wattens into the River Inn.
 The Chablais Alps are a mountain range in the western Alps. They are situated between Lake Geneva and the Mont Blanc Massif. The Col des Montets separates them from the Mont Blanc Massif in the south and the Rhône valley separates them from the Bernese Alps in the east. The Chablais Alps are composed of two distinct parts separated by the Val d'Illiez: the Dents du Midi massif on the south which contains the highest peaks and the alpine foothills on the north.
 The Deception River is a river in New Zealand. It is a tributary of the West Coast's Otira River flowing generally north for 17 kilometres from its source on the slopes of Mount Franklin. It passes close to Goat Pass which gives access to the Mingha River. Almost the entire length of the river is within the Arthur's Pass National Park.The river was once called Goat Creek.
 The Capu River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 The Valea Ghinișului River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Stillwater Lake is a reservoir that covers approximately 315 acres (1.27 km2). The lake is located in Pocono Summit Pennsylvania at an elevation of 1811 feet (552 m). Feed by Dotter's Run Hawkeye Run Pocono Summit Creek and several underground springs the lake flows out to Lake Naomi via Tunkhannock Creek. There are several Tunkhannock Creeks in the Poconos. This one merges with the Tobyhanna at Pocono Lake.
 The Umbroasa River is a tributary of the Curpătul Mic River in Romania.
 Mount Tarn is a small mountain located at 53°47′07″S 71°01′25″WCoordinates: 53°47′07″S 71°01′25″W on the southernmost part of the Strait of Magellan in Brunswick Peninsula about 70 km south of Punta Arenas Chile.
 River rohniThe Rohni or Rohini River rises in the Chure or Siwalik Hills in Kapilvastu and Rupandehi Districts of Nepal's Lumbini Zone and flows south into Uttar Pradesh state India.
 Watts Branch is a tributary stream of the Potomac River in Montgomery County Maryland.
 The Riss (Ger: Riß) is a small river in Baden-Württemberg south-western Germany right tributary of the Danube. Its source is in Upper Swabia between Bad Waldsee and Bad Schussenried. It flows north through the town of Biberach an der Riss. It then flows into the Danube one mile north of Risstissen between Ehingen and Erbach approximately 20 km upstream from Ulm. Its total length is approximately 50 km. The Riss gave its name to the Riss glaciation an ice age.
 Ganymede City is a term coined by Arthur C. Clarke in his science fiction novel 3001: The Final Odyssey. It refers to two regions Lagash Sulcus and Memphis Facula on the surface of one of Jupiter's moons Ganymede. When viewed from space these regions have a criss-crossing pattern of what appears to be streets and avenues. However these streets and avenues would be ten kilometers wide.
 The Bătrâna River is a tributary of the Bâlta River in Romania.
 The Oancea River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 The proposed though yet to be built Sites Reservoir would be is a large offstream reservoir in the Sacramento Valley in Northern California a project of the California Department of Water Resources. Its primary purpose is to collect winter flood flows from the Sacramento River diverting the water upstream of the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta and pumping it into an artificial lake located west of Colusa.
 The Saint Joe River (sometimes abbreviated St. Joe River) is a 140-mile (225 km) long tributary of Coeur d'Alene Lake in northern Idaho. Beginning at an elevation of 6487 feet (1977 m) in the Northern Bitterroot Range of eastern Shoshone County it flows generally west through the Saint Joe River Valley and the communities of Avery and Calder. Past Calder it flows into Benewah County and through the town of St. Maries where it receives its largest tributary the Saint Maries River.
 Sancho Creek is a tributary of Middle Island Creek 9.6 miles (15.4 km) long in northwestern West Virginia in the United States. Via Middle Island Creek and the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 22.2 square miles (57 km2) in a rural region on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.Sancho Creek's course and watershed are entirely in Tyler County.
 Tisleifjorden is a lake which lies in Nord-Aurdal municipality in Oppland county Norway as well in Gol and Hemsedal municipalities in Buskerud county. Tisleifjorden is regulated for hydroelectric power; the height can vary up to 11 meters.It is 13.54 km² in area and 32.53 km around. It has an elevation of 819 m above sea level.
 The Canoochee River (pronounced kuh-NOO-chee) is a 108-mile-long (174 km) river in southeastern Georgia in the United States. It is a tributary of the Ogeechee River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Hohgrat (also known as Groot) is a mountain located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Thurgau and St. Gallen. Reaching a height of 996 metres above sea level it is the highest point of the canton of Thurgau.The mountain is densely forested except the eastern (St. Gallen) side which includes some limestone cliffs.
 The Mandapeshwar Caves (Marathi: मंडपेश्वर गुंफा) is an 8th Century rock-cut shrine dedicated to Shiva located near Mount Poinsur in Borivali a suburb of Mumbai in Maharashtra India.
 The Cărunta River is a tributary of the Ciobănuș River in Romania. The confluence with the Cărunta River defines the upper limit of the reach on which fishing is permitted on the Ciobănuș River.
 The Northumberland Strait (French: détroit de Northumberland) is a strait in the southern part of the Gulf of Saint Lawrence in eastern Canada. The strait is formed by Prince Edward Island and the gulf's eastern southern and western shores.
 The Big River is a tributary of the Coast Fork Willamette River approximately 12 mi (19 km) long in western Oregon in the United States. It drains an area of the Calapooya Mountains south of Eugene.It rises in northern Douglas County northwest of Huckleberry Mountain approximately 20 mi (32 km) south-southeast of Cottage Grove at 43.540398°N 122.897840°W﻿ / 43.540398; -122.897840﻿ (Big River source).
 Schaalsee is a 24 km2 (9.3 sq mi) lake in Germany. It forms part of the border between Schleswig-Holstein (district Herzogtum Lauenburg) and Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (districts Ludwigslust-Parchim and Nordwestmecklenburg). The town of Zarrentin is located on its southern shores. Other municipalities on the lake are Seedorf Sterley Salem Kittlitz and Kneese.It was declared a biosphere reserve in 2000 (309 km²).
 Pesujärv is a lake in the northeast of Estonia close to the border with Russia.
 The Târșolț River is a tributary of the Valea Rea River in Romania.
 The San Jorge Gulf (Golfo San Jorge) is a bay in southern Patagonia Argentina. It is an ocean basin opening to the Atlantic. Its shoreline spans Chubut and Santa Cruz province. The gulf measures approximately 142 miles (229 km) at its mouth and covers approximately 39 square kilometres (15 sq mi). It is located between Cape Dos Bahías and Cape Tres Puntas.Due to its geography more than 70% of the gulf's basin is between 70 metres (230 ft) and 100 metres (328 ft) deep.
 Leinleiter is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Garavito is a lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the Moon's far side. It lies to the north-northwest of the huge walled plain Poincaré and to the west of the crater Chrétien. It takes its name in honor of the Colombian astronomer and engineer Julio Garavito Armero.This crater has a worn and eroded outer rim particularly along the west and southern edges.
 Lobsigensee is a lake at Lobsigen in the municipality of Seedorf Berne Switzerland. Its surface area is 1.73 ha.On the northwestern shore there are remains of a neolithic settlement which is now part of the Prehistoric Pile dwellings around the Alps an UNESCO World Heritage Site.The Lobsigensee UNESCO site is located on the south-western shore of the lake of the same name. Based on several finds the site has been dated to the second half of the 4th millennium BC.
 The Oltschiburg is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Lake Brienz in the Bernese Oberland. It lies on the chain that lies north of the Grosse Scheidegg and that culminates at the Schwarzhorn. The closest locality is Axalp.
 Lake Calhoun is the largest lake in Minneapolis Minnesota and part of the city's Chain of Lakes. Surrounded by city park land and circled by bike and walking trails it is popular for many outdoor activities. The lake has an area of 401 acres (1.62 km2) and a maximum depth of 87 feet (27 m).The lake is part of the Grand Rounds Scenic Byway connecting with Lake of the Isles on the northeast Cedar Lake on the northwest and Lake Harriet on the south.
 Neretva (Cyrillic:Неретва Italian: Narenta pronounced [nɛ̌rɛtʋa]) is the largest river of the eastern part of the Adriatic basin. It has been harnessed and controlled to a large extent by four HE power-plants with large dams (higher than 15 metres) and their storage lakes but it is still recognized for its natural beauty and diversity of its landscape.Freshwater ecosystems have suffered a lot from an increasing population and the associated development pressures.
 The Beni-Chougrane Range (Arabic: جبال بني شقران‎ French: Monts des Beni-Chougrane) is a mountain range in the northwest of Algeria.The mountains of Beni-Chougrane belong to the Tell Atlas chain located between the plain of Habra-Sig in the north and the plain of Ghriss in the south. They are characterized by a Mediterranean climate and a semi-arid terrain which promotes erosion.
 Xanthe Terra is a large area on Mars centered just north of the Martian equator. Its coordinates are 3°N 312°E and it covers 2465 km at its broadest extent. Its name means golden-yellow land. It is in the Lunae Palus quadrangle and the Oxia Palus quadrangle.Images from Mars Express Mars Global Surveyor and the Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter have revealed ancient river valleys and deltas. The deltas show many thin layers just as deltas on Earth.
 Lake Charvak (from Chor bogh four gardens in Persian) (also transliterated as Tcharvak) Uzbek: Chorvoq is a water reservoir in the northern part of Tashkent Province Uzbekistan. The reservoir was created by erecting a 168 m (551 ft) high stone dam (Charvak Hydropower Station) on the Chirchiq River a short distance downstream from the confluence of Pskem Ko'ksu and Chatkal rivers in the western Tian-Shan mountains which provide the main volume of water.
 Witcher Creek is a tributary of the Kanawha River 6.8 miles (10.9 km) long in West Virginia in the United States. Via the Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 20.8 square miles (54 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.Witcher Creek flows for its entire length in eastern Kanawha County.
 Piz Cristanas is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located east of S-charl in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the Val Sesvenna and the Val d'Uina a few hundred metres west of the Italian border.
 Camden Haven River an open and trained intermediate wave dominated barrier estuary is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Little Harpeth River is a 16.3-mile-long (26.2 km) tributary of the Harpeth River in Tennessee just south of Nashville. Via the Harpeth Cumberland and Ohio rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.The Little Harpeth rises in Williamson County Tennessee near the community of Clovercroft. From there it flows north-northwest entering and largely draining the Nashville suburb of Brentwood where it crosses the golf course belonging to the local country club.
 The Agriș River is a tributary of the Valea Baciului River in Romania.
 About this sound Kozubová (Polish: Kozubowa ) is a 982 m (3222 ft)-high mountain in the Moravian-Silesian Beskids mountain range Frýdek-Místek District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic.Several tourist routes lead to Kozubová.
 Glaisher is a lunar impact crater that is located in the region of terrain that forms the southwest border of Mare Crisium. It lies to the southwest of the lava-flooded crater Yerkes and west-northwest of the Greaves–Lick crater pair. It is surrounded by a ring of satellite craters of various dimensions the larger companions generally being arranged to the south of Glaisher.This crater is circular with a bowl-shaped interior and a small floor at the midpoint.
 The Pârâul Mioarelor is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Wipper is a river in Thuringia Germany left tributary of the Unstrut. It originates in the Eichsfeld area northwestern Thuringia near Leinefelde-Worbis. The total length of the Wipper is 95 km. The Wipper joins the Unstrut near Heldrungen. Towns along the Wipper include Bleicherode and Sondershausen.
 The Ounuora River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally east from the Coromandel Range reaching the Whitianga Harbour close to the small settlement of Mill Creek five kilometres southwest of Whitianga.
 Beatrice Peak is a peak located on the Continental Divide on the border of Banff and Kootenay National Parks between Stanley Peak and Mount Ball. The mountain was named in 1912 by the Alpine Club of Canada after Beatrice Shultz who climbed the mountain that year.The scrambling route to Mt. Ball includes the ascent of Beatrice Peak.
 Pallqarahu (Quechua pallqa p'allqa p'alqa forked branched fork rahu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized spelling Palcaraju) is a mountain in the Andes mountain range located in the Ancash Region in northern Peru. At 6274m it is the eighth highest summit in the Cordillera Blanca.
 Catawissa Creek (colloquially known as The Cat) is a 41.8-mile-long (67.3 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in east-central Pennsylvania in the United States. Its watershed has an area of 153 square miles (400 km2).The waters of Catawissa Creek are highly acidic with a pH of 4.5 due to runoff from an abandoned mine in the creek's watershed.
 Aike is a lake on the border between Kazakhstan and Russia. The lake has an area of about 25 sq mi (64.7 km²). The Kazakh village of Terensay is located on the eastern coast of the lake.
 The Valea lui Tămâie River is a tributary of the Ialomicioara River in Romania.
 Cerro el Muerto (sometimes El Muerto fully translated as The Dead One Hill) is a mountain peak of South America and is part of the Andes mountain range. It is also known as the 16th of the largest mountain peaks in the Argentine-Chilean border at 6488 metres (21286 ft). The first successful climb was made in 1950.The peak does not receive many climbing attempts due to the difficulty of navigating there from the Argentinian side of the mountain.
 Lemah Mountain is a mountain peak in the Snoqualmie Crest a part of the North Cascades Mountains of the Washington state. It is located approximately 7.7 miles (12.4 km) from the city of Snoqualmie Pass. Most noted for its five distinct summits its name Lemah comes from the Chinook Jargon word Lemah in turn derived from a French word le main meaning hand.Lemah is also a Malaysian and Indonesian word for weak.
 The Răscoala River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
 Treise is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Yandang Mountains or Yandang Shan (simplified Chinese: 雁荡山; traditional Chinese: 雁蕩山; pinyin: Yàndàngshān; literally Wild goose pond mountain(s)) in the broad sense refers to a coastal mountain range in southeastern Zhejiang province in eastern China covering much of the prefecture-level city of Wenzhou (from Pingyang County in the south to Yueqing County in the northeast) and extending to the county-level city of Wenling in Taizhou prefecture.
 The Miriti River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Aye Gill Pike is a Marilyn in the Yorkshire Dales the highest point of the hills that rise between Dentdale and Garsdale in Cumbria England. The eastern part of the summit ridge is known as Rise Hill.
 The East Molokai Volcano sometimes also known as Wailau for the Wailau valley on its north side is an extinct shield volcano comprising the eastern two-thirds of the island of Molokaʻi in the U.S. state of Hawaii.
 Ch'uspiqucha (Quechua ch'uspi insect generic name of flies or two-winged insects / fly qucha lake lagoon fly lake or insect lake hispanicized spelling Chuspicocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Huarochirí Province Quinti District. It is situated at a height of about 4625 metres (15174 ft) about 1.02 km long and 0.4 km at its widest point.
 The Rochers de Gagnerie (2735 m) are a mountain of the Chablais Alps overlooking the Lac de Salanfe in the canton of Valais. They lie in the massif of the Dents du Midi forming a huge wall at the end of the Saint Barthélemy valley south-west of Mex.The mountain includes several secondary summits among which the sharp needle of La Vierge (2641 m).
 The Șardu River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Mount Ng'iro is a mountain in the north of Kenya overlooking the Suguta Valley part of the Great Rift Valley to the west.The mountain is surrounded by desert but is forested on its upper slopes.It lies in the territory of the Samburu people. The Masula phratry of these people cultivate bees on the mountain and as bee-keepers claim exclusive rights to the land and water.
 Veliki Kozjak or just Kozjak is a mountain cliff in Croatia located in inland of Dalmatian Zagora. It belongs to Dinaric Alps and it stretches over small village Kijevo between towns of Vrlika and Knin.The highest peak of this cliff is Bat (1207 m) and its southeast peak is Kunica (1101 m) over small village Maovice.
 Block Mountain is a mountain located in the Sawback Range in Alberta. It was named so in 1958 because vertical fractures which make up parts of the mountain look like they are composed of giant blocks.
 Geiersberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Valea Aurie River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
 The Jura Mountains (French pronunciation: ​[ʒyʁa]) are a sub-alpine mountain range located north of the western Alps separating the Rhine and Rhône rivers and forming part of the watershed of each.
 Rajčanka or Rajčianka (Hungarian: Rajcsánka) is a 475 km long river in northern Slovakia springing in Strážovské vrchy near Čičmany and pouring into Váh in Žilina.It forms the border of Lúčanská Malá Fatra Mountains and of Strážovské vrchy. 32 km of its length are navigable.Cities along its course are: Rajec Rajecké Teplice Žilina.
 Mistel is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Vaga (Russian: Вага) is a river in Totemsky Syamzhensky and Verkhovazhsky Districts of Vologda Oblast and in Velsky Shenkursky and Vinogradovsky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left and the biggest tributary of the Northern Dvina River. The length of the river is 575 kilometres (357 mi). The area of its basin 44800 square kilometres (17300 sq mi).
 Arzberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Silberen (2319 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located east of the Pragel Pass in the canton of Schwyz. On its eastern side the mountain overlooks the lake of Klöntal.The summit consists of a large karstic plateau.
 Bongka River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 Mission Pass formerly Stockton Pass is a gap in the hills of the Mount Hamilton Range in Alameda County California. It lies to the northeast of Mission San José in Fremont and leads from there into the Sunol Valley.Today Interstate 680 traverses this pass. Mission Pass is a Gap in the Diablo mountain range. Its elevation is 659 feet or 201 meters above sea level. This place is also known as Stockton Pass. Its center coordinate is: 37.5602°N 121.9108°W
 The Mocearu River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The Mato Rico River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Mercator is a lunar crater that is located on the southwestern edge of Mare Nubium in the southwest part of the Moon. It is located to the southeast of the crater Campanus and the two are separated by a narrow winding valley.The Rupes Mercator fault is tangential with the northeastern outer rim of Mercator.
 The Strait of Juan de Fuca (officially named Juan de Fuca Strait in Canada) is a large body of water about 95 miles (153 km) long that is the Salish Sea outlet to the Pacific Ocean.
 The mountain Esja (914 m (2999 ft)) often called Esjan (the Esja) is situated in the south-west of Iceland about 10 km to the north of Iceland's capital city Reykjavík. Esja is not a single mountain but a volcanic mountain range made from basalt and tuff-stone.
 Mount Tom Taylor is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 41 km (25 mi) northeast of Tofino and 27 km (17 mi) southwest of Mount Albert Edward. This mountain is composed of granite which is nearly unique in Strathcona Provincial Park. Several multi-pitch alpine climbing routes have been established on its steep SE flanks.
 Kuiper is a moderate-size crater with a central peak cluster located at 11 S 31.5 W on Mercury. It is 60 km in diameter and was named after Gerard Kuiper. Kuiper crater has the highest recorded albedo of any region on the planet's surface suggesting that it is one of the youngest craters.Kuiper overlies the northern rim of the larger crater Murasaki.
 The Rivière à la lime flows in the municipality of Sainte-Geneviève-de-Batiscan in the Les Chenaux Regional County Municipality in the administrative region of Mauricie in the province of Quebec Canada. The “rivière à la lime” drains a watershed of 25.86 km2. This river has a length of 12.14 km and empties into the Batiscan River.
 The Vilyuy River (also Vilyui Russian: Вилю́й IPA: [vʲɪˈlʲʉj]; Sakha: Бүлүү[citation needed]) is river of the Central Siberian Plateau longest tributary of the Lena River.At a length of approximately 2650 km long it is mostly within the Sakha Republic.
 Mann Lake is the largest of the shallow playa lakes in the northern part of the Alvord Valley in Harney County in the U.S. state of Oregon. The lake is a remnant of a larger Pleistocene lake that covered much of the valley east of Steens Mountain. Fields–Denio Road runs along the east side of the lake.Inflow to Mann Lake comes from small intermittent streams mainly from Steens Mountain. The lake which has no outlet but loses water by evaporation is hypereutrophic.
 The Iutași River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 Coldstream River a watercourse of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Rivers district of New South Wales Australia.
 Lago di Montedoglio is an artificial lake in the Province of Arezzo Tuscany Italy. At an elevation of 435 m its surface area is 7.7 km².
 The Kronsee is a lake in the Holstein Switzerland region of North Germany.It lies on the River Schwentine between the Kleiner Plöner See upstream andthe Fuhlensee downstream south of Wahlstorf Manor House.It has an area of 23 hectares (57 acres) is up to 8 metres deep and lies about 20 m above sea level.
 Mynydd y Glyn is a mountain in South Wales between the towns of Pontypridd and Tonyrefail. It has a height above sea level of 377 metres. It is the mountain which was used in The Englishman who went up a Hill and came down a Mountain in which Hugh Grant and Ian McNeice star as English cartographers.
 Ninaqucha (Quechua nina fire qucha lake hispanicized spelling Ninacocha Niñacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huánuco Region Lauricocha Province Queropalca District. Ninaqucha is situated in the north of the Waywash mountain range east of the mountains Ninashanca and Runtuy and southwest of the lake Mituqucha.
 Berfa is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Coleto Creek Reservoir is a reservoir on Coleto Creek and Perdido Creek located in Fannin Texas 15 miles (24 km) southwest of Victoria Texas. The surface of the lake extends into Victoria and Goliad counties. The reservoir was formed in 1980 by the construction of a dam by the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority to provide a power station cooling pond for electric power generation. Coleto Creek Reservoir is a venue for outdoor recreation including fishing and boating.
 Veslesmeden is a mountain in the Rondane mountain range in the western part of Rondane often called Smiubelgen.The mountain is easily hiked from the cabin Rondvassbu (DNT). Experienced mountain hikers may scramble to Storsmeden from Veslesmeden.
 Trumpler is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon named after Robert Julius Trumpler. It lies just to the south of the crater Nušl and northwest of Freundlich. To the southwest is the heavily battered crater Tikhomirov.This is an old eroded crater with an outer rim that has been damaged in places by subsequent impacts especially along the southwestern section. The rim edge has been worn to the point where it is now poorly defined and forms an uneven ridge in the surface.
 The Louvet River is a river of Saint Lucia. It drains from the forest area to the east coast.
 Three Stone Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Cârgrea River is a tributary of the Cungrea River in Romania.
 The Valea Ursului River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 The Choptank River is a major tributary of the Chesapeake Bay and the largest river on the Delmarva Peninsula. Running for 71 miles (114 km) it rises in Kent County Delaware runs through Caroline County Maryland and forms much of the border between Talbot County Maryland on the north and Caroline County and Dorchester County on the east and south. It is located north of the Nanticoke River and its mouth is located south of Eastern Bay.
 Zschirnstein is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Pressmennan Lake is a lake in East Lothian in Scotland.It is an artificial reservoir constructed in 1819. It lies in a gully in the Lammermuir Hills above the village of Stenton in East Lothian. It is roughly 2 kilometres in length but less than 100 metres broad.It is one of only a few bodies of water in Scotland known as lakes; the others include the Lake of Menteith Lake of the Hirsel and Lake Louise (within the grounds of Skibo Castle).
 The River Teign /ˈteɪn/ or /ˈtiːn/ is a river in the county of Devon England.Like many Devon rivers the Teign rises on Dartmoor near Cranmere Pool. Its course on the moor is crossed by a clapper bridge near Teigncombe (a farm approx. 3 km. W. of Chagford) just below the prehistoric Kestor Settlement. It leaves the moor at its eastern side flowing beneath Castle Drogo in a steep-sided valley. It then flows southwards at the east edge of the moor.
 Lake Conlin is a lake in Osceola County Florida United States just north of Old U.S. Route 192 near Holopaw. It is the source of the Econlockhatchee River Cat Island Swamp and the Econlockhatchee River Swamp. These bodies of water flow northward to the St. Johns River 101 kilometres (63 mi) downstream. The source of the wetlands are located at the northeastern portion of the lake. The size is 25.42 square kilometres (2542 ha) and 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) in diameter.
 Winter Canal (Russian: Зимняя канавка Zimnyaya kanavka) is a canal in Saint Petersburg Russia connecting Bolshaya Neva with Moika River in the vicinity of Winter Palace.The canal was dug in 1718–1719. Its length is only 228 metres which makes it one of the shortest canals in the city. The width is about 20 metres.The granite embankment was built in 1782–84 and railings designed by sculptor I.F.Dunker were added at the same time.
 Hettmecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Yeonyeopsan (Gyeongsangbuk-do) is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 775 metres.
 Spangler Spring Run is a Pennsylvania stream which flows from near Culp's Hill to the Rock Creek through Gettysburg Battlefield areas of the Battle of Gettysburg Second Day to Rock Creek (Monocacy River) at 39.814124°N 77.215079°W﻿ / 39.814124; -77.215079.
 The Ogo Mountains also known as the Galgodon Highlands are a mountain range in northern Somalia. They cross the Bari Sanaag and Togdheer regions. With a mean peak height of 2450 metres (8038 ft) the ecology of this landform is semi-desert.
 The Shawneehaw Creek is a stream in the North Carolina High Country and is named after a Cherokee word for a tree that blooms early in the Spring the current name for the tree is Serviceberry or sarvisberry and is located in the town of Banner Elk. The headwaters begin from the Southeastern slopes of Beech Mountain in Watauga County North Carolina and end at the Elk River in Avery County North Carolina.The tree extend from North Carolina to Louisiana and Florida and to 6000 feet.
 Pic la Selle (Kreyòl: Pik Lasel) also called Morne La Selle is the highest peak in Haiti with a height of 2680 metres (8793 ft) above sea level. The mountain is part of the Chaîne de la Selle mountain range. It is located in the Ouest administrative department.
 Kasara ghat (also called as Thal Ghat or Thul Ghat) is a ghat section (mountain incline or slope) in the Western Ghats near the town of Kasara in Maharashtra. The Kasara Ghat is located on the busy Mumbai–Nashik route and is one of the four major routes rail and road routes leading into the Mumbai. The railway line which passes through the ghat is the steepest in India with a gradient of 1 in 37.
 The Ciormolina River or Ciormotura River is a tributary of the Râoaia River in Romania.
 Waruta River is a river in northern New Guinea Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Taritatu River.
 The Elk River is a short river rising in the eastern portion of the Alberta foothills. The river begins south of the ghost town of Coalspur and heads East before draining into the Brazeau Reservoir created by the Brazeau Dam on the Brazeau River a tributary of the North Saskatchewan River.The river follows the Elk River Road for much of its course. The Elk River Provincial Recreation Area is also located on the river.
 Klunst is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The English Hills are a mountain range in Solano County California.
 Mount Moffett is a mountainous stratovolcano that forms the summit of Adak Island of the Aleutian Islands in the U.S. state of Alaska. Its peak reaches 3924 feet (1196 m). It is heavily glaciated and is made primarily of high alumina basalt and andesite. It has never had an eruption in recorded history. The southern flank of the mountain is assumed to be its youngest side.
 Lewis and Clark Pass el. 6424 feet (1958 m) is a mountain pass on the continental divide in Montana. It lies at the head of the drainages of the west flowing Blackfoot River and the east flowing Dearborn River. The pass is in the Helena National Forest in Lewis and Clark County. The Continental Divide Trail traverses north and south through the pass.
 Charlie Lake is a lake in north-eastern British Columbia Canada situated 8 km (5.0 mi) west from Fort St. John along the Alaska Highway. The lake provides the water supply for the city of Fort St. John.The Charlie Lake Formation a stratigraphical unit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin is named for the lake.
 Sukaria is a 8 km wide caldera to the northeast of Mount Iya on Flores Indonesia. The southern caldera wall is irregular and a small fumarolic area is found in the western flanks which contains several vents and eject geyser-like water column. No historical records of its activity are available from this volcanic caldera.
 The Lăcăuți River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Covasna Romania.
 Kleine Elster is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Novo River (Paranapanema River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Glacier Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1894 by Samuel E.S. Allen.
 Siechenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Capano Creek is a river in Texas.
 The Alvares is a river in northern Spain flowing through the Autonomous Community of Asturias.
 The Kat River (Afrikaans: Katrivier) is a tributary of the Great Fish River that drains the southern slopes of the Winterberg in the Eastern Cape Province South Africa.
 The Pará Mirim River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Awanui River is a river in the far north of New Zealand. It is located in Northland close to the point at which the Aupouri Peninsula joins the rest of the North Auckland Peninsula. The Awanui flows first west and then north for a total of 30 kilometres (19 mi) before flowing into Rangaunu Harbour. The town of Kaitaia is located on its banks.
 The Bulbuci River is a tributary of the Boga River in Romania. The upper course of the river is also known as Scărița RiverThe 40 m high Bulbuci waterfall located on this river is an important touristical attraction.
 Torreys Peak is a mountain in the Front Range region of the Rocky Mountains in Colorado. It is one of 54 fourteeners in Colorado. Its nearest major city is Denver. Torreys Peak is located along the Continental Divide as well as the division between Clear Creek County and Summit County.
 Łupawa is a river of Poland. It terminates in the Baltic Sea.
 Store Langvasstinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Tindefjellbreen is a glacier in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 20-square-kilometre (7.7 sq mi) glacier lies about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of the mountain Skåla roughly halfway between the villages of Bødalen and Erdalen. The glacier is in the mountains east of the lake Lovatnet and south of the lake Oppstrynsvatn. The glacier is part of Jostedalsbreen National Park about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of the village of Loen.
 The Small Pond is also located in the castle park of Castle Ambras and is 300 metres south below the Grand Pond. The lake is surrounded by forest and has only approximately 0.70 ha size. The small lake is flowed through by the Aldranser brook and possesses little fish population. Due to the small size pollution occurs at times even through fresh water supply.
 The Someșul Rece River is a headwater of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Vranica is a mountain range in the Dinaric Alps of central Bosnia and Herzegovina located between the town of Gornji Vakuf in the west and the town of Fojnica in the east within the territory of the Federation. The highest peak is Nadkrstac at 2110 metres (6920 ft). Geologically the Vranica range is part of the Dinaric Alps and formed largely of secondary and tertiary sedimentary rock mostly limestone.
 Walloon Lake is a glacier-formed lake and the headwater for the Bear River located in Charlevoix and Emmet counties in Northern Michigan. It is now home to many vacation homes and cottages. Though the end of the West arm of the lake is less than 1 mile from Lake Michigan Walloon Lake's surface elevation is over 100' higher. The Bear River drains from the East end of the lake in Walloon Lake village winding down to its outflow into Lake Michigan on the south end of Petoskey.
 Urququcha (Quechua urqu male / mountain qucha lake mountain lake or male lake hispanicized spelling Orccococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region Chumbivilcas Province Velille District. It is situated at a height of about 4430 metres (14534 ft) about 1.33 km long and 0.47 km at its widest point. Urququcha lies south-east of Velille and south of the lake Khirkiqucha.
 Idjajávri or Nattvatnet is a lake in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 10.28-square-kilometre (3.97 sq mi) lake lies about 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) north of the village of Karasjok. The European route E06 highway crosses a bridge over the lake at the narrowest part of the lake.
 Dawes Crater is located in the Sinus Sabaeus quadrangle of Mars at 9.2°S 38°E﻿ / -9.2; 38. It is about 191 km (119 mi) in diameter and was named after William R. Dawes a British astronomer (1799–1868) who was ahead of his time in believing that Mars only had a thin atmosphere. Dawes presumed that the atmosphere of Mars was thin because surface markings on the planet could easily be seen.
 Lucerne Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia; on the continental divide and is one of the peaks of Yellowhead Mountain. It was named by Arthur O. Wheeler after the railway town located at the mountain's base.When the Canadian Northern Pacific Railway reached Yellowhead Lake in 1913 it named the station there after Lucerne Switzerland. A small town developed. For a time it had a population approaching three hundred and rivaled Jasper.
 The Humbolt Hills el. 3314 feet (1010 m) is a set of hills northeast of Ekalaka Montana in Carter County Montana.
 Gerundo Lake was a lake now completely drained between the actual Province of Bergamo Province of Milano Province of Lodi Province of Cremona Lombardy Italy.
 Cochetopa Pass is a mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of south-central Colorado. It lies on the Continental Divide between the city of Gunnison to the northwest and the town of Saguache to the southeast. It also lies on the boundary between the Gunnison and Rio Grande National Forests. Its name is taken from the Cochetopa Hills that it lies within Cochetopa being the Ute Indian word for pass of the buffalo.
 The Hoch Horefellistock is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking the Göschenertal in the canton of Uri. On its southern side lies the Göscheneralpsee.
 Lough Swilly (Irish: Loch Súilí meaning Lake of Shadows or the Lake of Eyes) in Ireland is a glacial fjord or sea inlet lying between the western side of the Inishowen Peninsula and the Fanad Peninsula in County Donegal. Along with Carlingford Lough and Killary Harbour it is one of three glacial fjords in Ireland.At the northern extremities of the lough are Fanad Head with its famous lighthouse and Dunaff Head.
 Kuntur Ikiña (Aymara kunturi condor ikiña to sleep bed or blanket meaning bed of the condor or sleeping place of the condor hispanicized spellings Condorigueña Condoriquiña) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5780 m (18963 ft) high situated in the Willkanuta mountain range south east of Cusco. It is located in the Cusco Region Canchis Province Pitumarca District east of the lake Siwinaqucha.
 Net Lake is located within the municipality of Temagami in the Nipissing District Ontario Canada. It covers a length of 10 km and is located in Temagami North. Fish in the lake include walleye northern pike trout smallmouth bass whitefish and panfish. There is only one lodge on Net Lake which is called Andorra Lodge.
 The Sângeorzu River is a tributary of the Dipșa River in Romania.
 The Geehi River a perennial river of the Murray catchment of the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 Jarvis is a crater that lies on the far side of the Moon. It is located within the walled plain Apollo and lies in the eastern half of this basin within the interior ring.Jarvis has a low somewhat worn outer rim that is generally circular. There is a wide break in the south-southeastern portion of the rim where is it partly overlain by the crater McNair. The latter is younger than Jarvis since its rim still survives where it intersects the interior of Jarvis.
 Beinn a' Bhùird is a Munro in the Cairngorm mountain range of Scotland.In Watson (1975) the author suggests the mountain should be named Beinn Bòrd - table hill saying that local Scottish Gaelic speakers pronounced the mountain Paing Bòrd with some of the older local folk still using Painna Bòrd.The closest 'village' to Beinn a' Bhùird is Braemar Aberdeenshire and the most common approach by car is through this village.
 Paglicci Cave is an archaeological site situated in Paglicci near Rignano Garganico Apulia southern Italy. The cave discovered in the 1950s is the most important cave of Gargano. The cave is an attraction of the Gargano National Park.
 The Gaan River is a river in the United States territory of Guam. It is the world record holder for the most gallons of Semen in a river set in 2006. See Fellatio Ledley King is the renowned Proud Chieftain of the River. Dillon Connery spooned with a Bottle of Nivea cream here in 2001.
 The Micoiu River or Micoaia River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 Boss is a lunar impact crater that is located along the northeast rim of the Moon's near side. Due to its location the crater is viewed from the side by observers on the Earth and its visibility is subject to libration effects.This formation has not been significantly eroded by impacts and it retains a well-defined outer rim that is not overlain by smaller craters of note. The inner wall is wide and has a terraced surface.
 The Lost River is a 24.5-mile-long (39.4 km) tributary of the Tamarac River of northern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Tamarac River it is a tributary of Red Lake.
 The Sașa River is a headwater of the Moneasa River in Romania.
 Schorte is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Shiawassee River in the U.S. state of Michigan is 120 miles (190 km) long and generally flows in a northerly direction. It merges with the Flint River the Cass River and the Tittabawassee River to form the Saginaw River which drains into the Saginaw Bay of Lake Huron.
 Jailolo is a volcanic complex on a peninsula (Jailolo Bay) west of Halmahera island. It has lava flows on the eastern flank small caldera at the west and southwest of the mountain hot springs along the northwest coast of the caldera. Small volcanic island was formed by the Kailupa cone off the southern coast of the peninsula.
 Barrier Lake is a man made reservoir at the north end of Kananaskis Country in Alberta Canada. Highway 40 runs between the lake and Mount Baldy on the eastern shore. It is entirely located in the Bow Valley Provincial Park.Barrier Lake was created for hydroelectric power generation on the Kananaskis River.
 Lake Drwęca (Polish: Jezioro Drwęckie German: Drewenzer See Lithuanian: Druvinčia) is a lake in the Masurian Lake District of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship of Poland. The Drwęca river flows through it.
 Schnarrenberg (Tübingen) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Wind River Peak is the highest point in the southern end of the Wind River Range that is located in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak straddles the Continental Divide and is surrounded by National Forest lands. The west slopes are in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest while the east side is in the Popo Agie Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest. In a cirque on the northeast slopes of the peak lies Wind River Glacier.
 Salmon Mountain is located in the Klamath Mountains of California and is the highest point in Humboldt County. The area is protected in the Trinity Alps Wilderness on the Six Rivers National Forest. The mountain is high enough to receive snowfall in the winter.
 Muryongsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1492 metres.
 The River Llynfi otherwise referred to as the Llynfi River or Afon Llynfi in Welsh is one of three main tributaries of the River Ogmore or Afon Ogwr. It runs for around 10 miles from its source north of Maesteg and flows generally southwards through the Llynfi Valley to the confluence with the River Ogmore and the River Garw at Aberkenfig.
 The Little Willow River is a 26.2-mile-long (42.2 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in northern Minnesota United States. It rises in western Aitkin County at the outlet of Esquagamah Lake and flows generally south to its junction with the Mississippi River 3 miles (5 km) northwest of Aitkin.
 The Black River is a 114-mile-long (183 km) river in the White Mountains of the U.S. state of Arizona. It forms southwest of Alpine and flows southwest then northwest to meet the White River west of Fort Apache. The merged streams form the Salt River a major tributary of the Gila River.James Ohio Pattie named the river in 1826 as he explored the area.
 Dragsum Tsho (tib.: brag gsum mtsho Tibetan:བྲག་གསུམ་མཚོ་ Pagsum Co (Chinese: Bāsōng Cuò 八松错) literally meaning “three rocks” in Tibetan is a lake covering 28 square kilometres in Gongbo'gyamda County Nyingchi Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region in China approximately 300 km east of Lhasa in Tibet. At 3700 metres over sea level it is about 18 km long and has an average width of approximately 1.5 kilometres. The deepest point of the green lake measures 120 metres.
 The Slatina River is a tributary of the Cochirleanca River in Romania
 Lac de Viry is a lake at Viry in the Jura department of France.
 Tarban Creek a northern tributary of the Parramatta River is a creek west of Sydney Harbour in Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Lake Elkhorn is a 37-acre (150000 m2) reservoir located in the Owen Brown area of Columbia Maryland. It is surrounded by a park and townhouses. The lake which was built in 1974 is named for the Elkhorn branch of the Little Patuxent River. It is Columbia's third and largest lake. Its main features are a small dam and a park with a picnic pavilion and a two-mile (3 km) walking path around the lake. The path was built in 1982.The lake is overseen by the Columbia Association.
 Hwangbyeongsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1407.1 m (4616 ft).
 Bocchetta Pass or Bochetta Pass or Passo della Bocchetta is a mountain pass in the Ligurian Apennine Mountains in Liguria north of Genoa Italy. The summit of the pass is at an elevation of 772 meters (2532 feet).
 The Birtin River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Kerkerbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Bahna River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Sphinx is a subglacial mound in the southernmost Coast Mountains of British Columbia Canada. It is south-east of Garibaldi Lake. The volcano is part of the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt which is a segment of the Cascade Volcanic Arc but it is not within the geographic boundary of the Cascade Range. It is believed The Sphinx last erupted in the Pleistocene age.
 The Ponița River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania
 The Boudigau is a coastal river of the Landes in Aquitaine Southwest France.It collects waters of the Orx marsh in Maremne and flows north behind the dunes fronting the Atlantic Ocean. It flows into the sea between Capbreton and Hossegor through the old estuary of the Adour an estuary which is shared by another coastal river the Bourret.Owing to this estuary Capbreton is the only port between Bayonne and Arcachon. Formerly a fishing port Capbreton is today more of a resort.
 Lake Mohawk is a private reservoir located about 1.5 mi (2.4 km) south of Malvern Ohio USA and 2.5 mi (4.0 km) east of Waynesburg Ohio. It resides in Brown Township and Harrison Township. The lake is relatively small being a private lake containing 0.7922 sq mi (2.052 km2) of water with a maximum depth of 30 ft (9.1 m). There is only one place to put in boats however there are 13 public access docks that can hold boats that can be rented for a fee.
 Nereus is a small impact crater lying situated within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars with a diameter of about 10 metres (33 ft).
 The Toblacher See (Italian: Lago di Dobbiaco; German: Toblacher See) is a lake in the municipality of Toblach in South Tyrol Italy.
 Cedar Lake is a lake located in St. Croix County Wisconsin 3.5 miles east of Star Prairie. Cedar Lake is best known for its Muskellunge (Muskie) fishing. It is a small lake with a lot of structure. The lake is 1107 acres and has a max depth of 40 feet. Fish commonly found in this lake include Northern Pike Large Mouth Bass Panfishand small mouth bass.Cedar lake Stocking by D.N.R. Walleye and Muskie andCedar Lake Special Regulations
 The Turiaçu River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Pârâul Afinișului is a tributary of the Valea Lungii River in Romania.
 Ghadhasaru Lake is a high altitude lake which is located in the Churah tehsil of Chamba (24 km. from Tissa). It is about 3470 m above the sea level. This lake is held sacred and has a circumference of about 1 km.Mahakali Lake is a high altitude lake which lies between Sano and Gudial in district Chamba. It is about 4080 m above the sea level. This lake is held sacred to goddess Mahakali.
 Midžor (Serbian Cyrillic: Миџор pronounced [mîdʒɔr] Bulgarian: Миджур Midzhur) is a peak in the Balkan Mountains situated on the border between Bulgaria and Serbia. At 2169 metres (7116 ft) it is the highest peak of the Western Balkan Mountains as well as the highest of Serbia outside Kosovo. Midžor is the 12th highest peak in the Balkan Mountains.
 The Carp River is a river in the city of Ottawa Ontario Canada. It flows north from Kanata passes through the town of Carp and empties into the Ottawa River at Fitzroy Harbour. The river is 42 kilometres (26 mi) long and takes its name from the sucker fish called carpes à cochon by the French found in the river.
 Uli Biaho is a mountain near Trango Towers and Baltoro Glacier in the Gilgit–Baltistan area of Pakistan. It consists of two main peaks Uli Biaho Tower (listed by Roskelley as 19957 feet and by Kopold as 6109 metres or 20043 feet); and Uli Biaho Peak (Kopold: 6417 m) which as of 2006 was unclimbed.Uli Biaho Tower was climbed alpine-style via the direct East Face by John Roskelley et al. All four USA climbers reached the summit on July 3 1979.
 Charles Town Cave — also formerly known as Crystal Lake Cave and Lakeland Cave — is located in the center of Charles Town West Virginia USA. The entrance is in the cellar of a bakery and leads down to a passage about 175 feet long to a large pool of clear water about 25 feet in diameter. The cave was discovered accidentally in 1906 and was for a time developed as a commercial show cave.
 The Pitticow River is a river in the north of the Unorganized Part of Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is in the Hudson Bay drainage basin and is a right tributary of the Fawn River. The Pittticow River can be used to cross between the Severn River/ Fawn River drainage basin to the Winisk River drainage basin the next major basin to the east.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Plumas County California United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 6135 feet (1870 m).
 Montara Mountain positioned between the unincorporated community of Montara California to the southwest and the city of Pacifica California to the north forms the northern spur of the Santa Cruz Mountains a narrow mountain range running the length of the San Francisco Peninsula that separates San Francisco Bay from the Pacific Ocean. Its highest point rises to 1898 feet (579 m) above sea level.
 The Watarase River (渡良瀬川 Watarase-gawa) is a major river in the northern Kantō region of Japan. A tributary of the Tone River it is 106.7 km in length and drains an area of 2621 km². Its source is at Mount Sukai on the boundary of the city of Nikkō in Tochigi Prefecture and it empties into the Tone at the boundary of the city of Koga in Ibaraki Prefecture and the town of Kitakawabe in Saitama Prefecture. The government of Japan categorizes it as a first-class river.
 The Sartăş River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Holzbach (Ems) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Clipper Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert of eastern San Bernardino County California. The range parallels the central-southern border of the large Mojave National Preserve and is found just south of Interstate 40 and the Clipper Valley between the freeway and the National Old Trails Highway - U.S. Route 66.
 The Cernul River is a tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania.
 Halifax Bay is a region located around a bay in the Coral Sea situated on the Australian coast in Far North Queensland.
 Razumov is an impact crater on the far side of the Moon beyond the northwestern limb as seen from the Earth. It lies along the southeastern outer rim of the walled plain Landau. Intruding slightly into the southern rim is the slightly smaller crater Petropavlovskiy. To the west-southwest lies Frost.This crater has a worn outer rim with a small crater along the northwestern rim and outward bulges to the north-northeast and east-southeast.
 Sylvester is a lunar impact crater that is located near the north pole of the Moon along the northern limb in the libration zone. It lies just to the south-southeast of the craters Grignard and Hermite; the latter of which is within one crater diameter of the pole. South of Sylvester is Pascal. Due to its location Sylvester receives sunlight at only a low angle.This crater is generally circular with a sharp-edged rim that has received only a moderate amount of wear.
 The Zgârcea River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 The Franklin Hills el. 4879 feet (1487 m) is a set of hills southeast of Melville Montana in Sweet Grass County Montana.
 National grid reference NS24058147Lindowan Reservoir is of the impounding variety located 1 kilometre north of Kilcreggan. It used to be the main source of water for a nearby threshing mill. The earthfill dam is 3 metres high and was constructed before 1850.
 Mainstay Lake is a lake in the Pomeroon-Supenaam Region of Guyana near the Atlantic coast northwest of the mouth of the Essequibo River 19 km north of Adventure.
 Kernaalanjärvi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is situated in the municipality of Janakkala in the Tavastia Proper region. The lake is part of Kokemäenjoki basin and it drains into Lake Vanajavesi through Hiidenjoki River.
 The Dreptu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Kiswar (Quechua for buddleja incana hispanicized Quishuar) or Padreyuq (Spanish padre father Quechua -yuq a suffix to indicate possession the one that has got a father or the one with a father hispanicized spelling Padreyoc) is a mountain in the Willkapampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5771 metres (18934 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region La Convención Province. Kiswar lies south west of the Salkantay.
 Mount Moon is a lightly timbered dome-shaped mountain in South East Queensland Australia. The mountain rises 786 m above sea level and is part of the Moogerah Peaks National Park. It lies approximately 100 km south west of Brisbane just outside the town of Boonah. Other prominent peaks in this Scenic Rim group of mountains includes Mount Edwards Mount French and Mount Greville.The name given to the peak by local Aboriginals was Wummun.
 The lake known as O'Higgins in Chile and San Martín in Argentina is located around coordinates 48°50′S 72°36′W in Patagonia between the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region and the Santa Cruz Province.
 Glukhaya Vilva (Russian: Глухая Вильва) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of Yazva River. It is 234 km in length. Area of drainage basin is 1740 km². It starts to the north of uninhabited village Talaya and flows through Solikamsky and Krasnovishersky districts. Its mouth located upstream of settlement Kotomysh.
 The Spiegelbach is a river in the southern Palatinate. It arises as a diversion of the Queich which rises in the Palatinate forest and thus has no separate source. It flows into the Rhine at Sondernheim.After a devastating flood in 1745 in which the mills on the Altbach and Brühlgraben were flooded it was decided to create a diversion from the Queich towards Bellheim in order to provide the newly built mills with a steady supply of water.
 Pumarinri or Puma Rinri (Quechua puma cougar puma rinri ear puma ear) also known as La Bella Durmiente (Spanish for Sleeping Beauty) is a mountain ridge in the Tingo María National Park in Peru. It is situated in the Huánuco Region Leoncio Prado Province Mariano Damaso Beraun District at a height of about 1400 metres (4593 ft).
 The Cenek River is a tributary of the Aita River in Romania.
 Dubysa at 131 km is the 15th longest river in Lithuania. It originates just a few kilometers from Lake Rėkyva near Šiauliai city. At first it flows south but at Lyduvėnai turns southeast and near Ariogala - southwest. Dubysa is a Samogitian river. The first few kilometres of Dybysa are also known as Genupis or Šventupis.Dubysa has about 40 tributaries the largest being Kražantė on the right and Šiaušė Gryžuva and Gynėvė on the left.
 Arsenic Lake is a lake in the Ottawa River drainage basin in Strathy Township of Temagami Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario Canada located between the town of Temagami and Temagami North near Highway 11. It is the only officially named Arsenic Lake in Canada.The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Net Lake which flows via Cassels Lake Rabbit Lake the Matabitchuan River and Lake Timiskaming into the Ottawa River.
 Burgseeli is a lake in the Canton of Berne Switzerland. Its surface area is 5.25 ha. It is located between Ringgenberg and Goldswil on the northern shore of Lake Brienz.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania
 The Șarba River is a tributary of the Slimnic River in Romania.
 Heiligenberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Moigno is a lunar crater that is located in the northern part of the Moon's near side. It lies just to the west of the crater Arnold and southeast of Neison. The low rim of this crater is worn and eroded until it is nearly level with the surrounding terrain. The perimeter is only roughly circular and there are notches along the inner face of the western side. The interior floor has been resurfaced leaving a level nearly featureless plain covering the base of this depression.
 Nay Aru (or Nai Aru) is a small river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in south-east Mullaitivu District before flowing north-east through Mullaitivu District. The river empties into Nai Aru Lagoon.
 Dreitannenriegel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Neuquén River is the second most important river of the province of Neuquén in the Argentine Patagonia after the Limay River.
 The Tanafjord or Tanafjorden (Northern Sami: Deanuvuotna) is a large fjord in Finnmark county Norway. It is located in the municipalities of Tana Gamvik and Berlevåg. Its orientation is mainly north-south reaching approximately 65 kilometres (40 mi) from the small village of Smalfjord in Tana Municipality in the south to the mouth of the fjord at the Barents Sea.
 Lake Alice is a small lake on the University of Florida campus in Gainesville Florida USA.The lake is a wildlife area and is one of the few areas in incorporated Gainesville where one may view live alligators. The university's bat house is near the lake. The Baughman Center sits on the southwest bank of the lake.
 Mount Gambier (also known as Ereng Balammeaning eagle hawk) is a maar complex in South Australia associated with the Newer Volcanics Province. It contains four lake-filled maars called Blue Lake Valley Lake Leg of Mutton Lake and Brownes Lake.
 The Poronay River (Russian: Поронай) is the longest river on the island of Sakhalin in Russia. It flows in a southerly direction through Tym Smirnykhovsky and Poronaysky Districts.
 White Calf Mountain (8436 feet (2571 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. White Calf Mountain is south of Divide Mountain and just west of the Blackfeet Indian Reservation boundary.
 The Little Chilliwack River is a small river in Whatcom County Washington. It is a tributary of the Chilliwack River entering the river just below the United States/Canada Border.
 Jagged Mountain elevation 13830 ft (4220 m) is a summit in the Needle Mountains of southwest Colorado. The mountain is south southeast of Silverton in the Weminuche Wilderness.
 Mbuthaisau River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Izvorul Roșu River is a headwater of the Văsălatu River in Romania.
 The Urlătoarea River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Urlătoarea Mare and Urlătoarea Mică
 Aknajärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The Waikare River is a river in the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. Rising in the Russell Forest it flows into the southern end of the Waikare Inlet a drowned valley which forms a southeastern arm of the Bay of Islands.
 The Sella group (German: Sellagruppe Ladin: Mëisules or L Sela) is a plateau shaped massif in the Dolomites mountains of northern Italy. The Sella lies north of the Marmolada and to the east of the Langkofel. The highest peak is Piz Boè at 3151 m (10338 ft) above sea level.The Sella lies between the four Ladin valleys of Badia Gherdëina Fascia and Fodom and is divided between the provinces of South Tyrol Trentino and Belluno.
 Garzas Creek originally Arroyo de las Garzas (Creek of the Herons) is a tributary of the San Joaquin River draining the eastern slopes of part of the Diablo Range within the Central Valley of California USA. The Creek has its source 0.8 km (0.5 mi) south of Hog Canyon and 1.6 km (1 mi) northwest of Bullhead Reservoir and its mouth at the confluence with Los Banos Creek 4.8 km (3 mi) northeast of Ingomar in Merced County.
 The Bahr el Ghazal (also spelled Bahr al Ghazal and Baḩr al Ghazāl) is a river in South Sudan. The name translates as sea of gazelles. The South Sudanese region of Bahr el Ghazal takes its name from the river.The Bahr el Ghazal is the main western tributary of the Nile. It is 716 kilometres (445 mi) long flowing through the Sudd wetlands to Lake No where it joins the White Nile.
 Col du Mont Crosin (el. 1227 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.
 Puig de Fontlletera is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2577 metres above sea level.
 The Preto River (Pernambuco) is a river of Pernambuco state in eastern Brazil.
 The Randall Carr brook is a river in Derbyshire England. It starts at Combs and flows to Whaley Bridge where it ends in the river Goyt. Its headwaters were dammed to create Combs Reservoir which supplies the Peak Forest Canal.
 Siebenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Lyamin is a river in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug Russia a tributary of the Ob River.
 Soda Butte Creek is an approximately 20 miles (32 km) long major tributary of the Lamar River in Yellowstone National Park. It is named for a now-extinct geyser (Soda Butte) near its mouth. Soda Butte and the creek were named by A. Bart Henderson a Cooke City miner in 1870. It rises just outside the northeast corner of the park on the southern slopes of the Absaroka Range near Cooke City Montana.
 Lonesome Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 683.Lonesome Lake is northwest of Merriam Peak and located in the lower section of the Boulder Chain Lakes Basin. It is the highest elevation named lake in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.
 The Paraitinga River (upper Tietê River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Mitaciul Mare River is a headwater of the Mitaciul River in Romania.
 Gage Hill is a tuya in east-central British Columbia Canada located in Wells Gray Provincial Park.
 Lake McConaughy is a reservoir on the North Platte River. It is located 9 miles (14 km) north of Ogallala Nebraska United States near U.S. Highway 26 and Nebraska Highway 61. The reservoir was named for Charles W. McConaughy a grain merchant and mayor of Holdrege Nebraska one of the leading promoters of the project.
 Chinaqucha (Quechua china female qucha lake female lake hispanicized spelling Chinacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Apurímac Region Grau Province Curpahuasi District. It is situated east of the lake Urququcha (Quechua for male lake).
 The Bad River is a 44.3-mile-long (71.3 km) river in Michigan. It rises in Gratiot County and empties into the Shiawassee River in Saginaw County.
 Liouville is a small lunar impact crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon. It lies to the southeast of the larger crater Dubyago and was previously designated Dubyago S before being given a name by the IAU.The crater is circular and bowl-shaped with a small interior floor at the midpoint of the sloping interior walls. The western and northwestern rim is attached to a depression in the surface that has the appearance of a distorted crater formation.
 Otter Lake is a 765-acre (3.0 km²) reservoir in Macoupin County Illinois. It is located 6 miles (10 km) west of Girard. The reservoir is named after Otter Creek a tributary of Macoupin Creek and the Illinois River.Otter Creek was dammed to provide flood control water-based recreation and a source of clean water for North Otter and South Otter Townships within Macoupin County.
 The Chilcotin Ranges are a subdivision of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains (in some classifications they are a separate subdivision). They lie on the inland lea of the Pacific Ranges abutting the Interior Plateau of British Columbia. Their northwestern end is near the head of the Klinaklini River and their southeast end is the Fraser River just north of Lillooet; their northern flank is the edge of the Plateau while their southern is the north bank of the Bridge River.
 The Dieciu River is a tributary of the Coșna River in Romania.
 The Oracabessa River is a river of Jamaica.
 The Șteviuța River is a tributary of the Mânăileasa River in Romania.
 The Struma or Strymónas (Bulgarian Струма pronounced [ˈstruma] Greek Στρυμόνας [striˈmonas] Turkish (Struma) Karasu 'black water') is a river in Bulgaria and Greece. Its ancient name was Strymōn (Greek: Στρυμών [stryˈmɔːn]). Its catchment area is 10800 km². It takes its source from the Vitosha Mountain in Bulgaria runs first westward then southward enters Greek territory at the Kula village.
 Besiberri del Mig is a mountain of the Massís del Besiberri Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2995.2 metres above sea level.This mountain has two summits the Besiberri del Mig N or Pic Simó 2995.9 m and the Besiberri del Mig S or Pic Jolís 2995.2 m. It is part of the Parc Nacional d'Aigüestortes i Estany de Sant Maurici protected area.
 Roys Peak is a mountain in New Zealand standing between Wanaka and Glendhu Bay. It offers a full-day walk with views across Lake Wanaka and up to the peak of Mount Aspiring/Tititea. The track zigzags steeply up the side of Mount Roy through thick grass until the ridge to the summit.
 Kåfjorden (Northern Sami: Njoammelgohppi) is a fjord in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 7-kilometre (4.3 mi) long fjord branches off the main Altafjorden. The village of Kåfjord and Kåfjord Church both lie along the northern coast of the fjord. The European route E06 highway follows the northern shoreline of the fjord.
 Beilstein is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Corviglia is a location on the eastern slopes of Piz Nair overlooking St. Moritz in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the watershed between the rivers Schlattain (Val Saluver) and the Ovel da la Resgia (ending in Lake St. Moritz) at an elevation of 2486 m (8156 ft). Corviglia is mainly accessible from the town by the St. Moritz–Corviglia funicular via Chantarella. At Corviglia an aerial tramway climbs west to Piz Nair (3057 m (10030 ft)) unloading slightly below its summit.
 See Mount Grant for other peaks with this name.Mount Grant is a mountain located in Addison County Vermont in the Green Mountain National Forest. The mountain is named after U.S. President Ulysses S.
 The Larb Hills el. 2549 feet (777 m) is a set of hills southwest of Saco Montana in Phillips County Montana.
 The Bârzota River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 The Bald Mountain Range is a mountain range in Sierra County California.
 The Valea Purcăreți River is a tributary of the Taiţa river in Romania.
 Santbech is a lunar impact crater that is located to the southeast of Mare Nectaris. It lies south-southwest of the prominent crater Colombo. About one crater diameter to the east-northeast is the smaller Monge. The terrain around the crater although rugged in places has been flooded by lava and so has a low albedo and a relatively flat surface. It was named after the 16th-century Dutch mathematician and astronomer Daniel Santbech Noviomagus.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Buzăiel River in Romania.
 Wetherlam (763 m) is a mountain in the English Lake District. It is the most northerly of the Coniston Fells the range of fells to the north-west of Coniston village; its north-east slopes descend to Little Langdale.
 Wask'aqucha (Quechua wask'a rectangle / long qucha lake rectangle lake or long lake hispanicized spelling Huascacocha) is a lake in Peru. It is located in the Apurímac Region Abancay Province Circa District.
 Schonchin Butte is a cinder cone on the northern flank of Medicine Lake Volcano in the Cascade Range in northern California. Frothy lava cooled in the air created the large cinder cones throughout Lava Beds National Monument. It is named for Old Schonchin a chief of the Modoc people during the late nineteenth century. Erupting more than 30000 years ago the volcano spewed ash and cinders into the air much like a can of soda when shaken.
 Erdbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Browning Pond is located in Oakham and Spencer Massachusetts. This 89-acre (360000 m2) great pond forms the headwaters of the Seven Mile River. It is part of the Chicopee River Watershed.
 The Tărcăița River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania. Its upper reach is also known as Valea Râpoasă River.
 The Gratlspitze or Gratlspitz is a mountain in the Austrian state of Tyrol in the Kitzbühel Alps. It is linked to the Schatzberg to the north.In addition to its 1899 m AA high main summit it has two subpeaks that give it a striking appearance. The mountain lies between the Alpine valleys of Wildschönau and the Alpbach.There are long views from the summit as a result of its exposed situation as a relatively isolated mountain.Silver mining was carried out on the mountain for many years.
 Ch'aki Mayu (Quechua ch'aki dry mayu river dry river hispanicized spellings Chaqui Mayu Chaquí Mayu) also Kachi Mayu (Quechua kachi salt salt river hispanicized spelling Cachi Mayu) is a Bolivian river in the Potosí Department. It flows towards the Pillku Mayu.Known as Samasa the river flows in a bow from the west to the east around the northern slopes of the Khari Khari mountain range along the village Samasa.
 Cerro Grande is a 10207-foot (3111 m) summit on the rim of the Valles Caldera not far north of New Mexico State Road 4 the main highway through Los Alamos County.
 The Senio is a 92 km river of Romagna in Italy the final right-sided tributary of the river Reno. The mean discharge at its mouth is about 10 m³/s; however this can vary from a minimum of 0.3 m³/s to a maximum of 500 m³/s.[citation needed]It was the site of a major engagement in 1945 during World War II. The Allied capture of the Senio River area was critical for the success of the Allied drive to capture all of Italy.
 The Vermilion River is a river in the Lake Huron drainage basin in Sudbury District and Greater Sudbury in Northeastern Ontario Canada.
 The Kitwanga River is a tributary of the Skeena River near Hazelton in northwestern British Columbia Canada joining that stream at the community of Kitwanga (Gitwangak) which means people of the place of rabbits.The river is approximately 60km long beginning in the mountains to the northwest and curving around via and including Kitwancool Lake (7 km in length) before heading south for 30 km to the confluence with the Skeena.
 The Valea Șteioarei River is a tributary of the Urlătoarea Mare River in Romania.
 Lake Vallüla (German Vallülasee) is a mountain lake located in Montafon Austria. This secluded area on Mount Vallüla can only be reached on foot due to its high elevation and rough terrain. The climb takes approximately 5 hours.The mountain lake possesses clear chilly drinking water. The Vallülabach (length: ~ 5 km) feeds and drains the lake and merges with the river Ill. Fishes such as trout can be found in the water.
 Craiglwyn is a top of Creigiau Gleision in Snowdonia Wales near Capel Curig. It lies at the south end of the Creigiau Gleision ridge and offers good views of Carnedd Dafydd Pen yr Helgi Du Pen Llithrig y Wrach Gallt yr Ogof Tryfan and Moel Siabod.
 Naejangsan is a mountain located on the border of North Jeolla and South Jeolla provinces in southwestern South Korea approximately three hours drive south of Seoul. It has an elevation of 763 m (2503 ft).
 This article is for the lake in the Boundary Country near Greenwood. For the Davis Lake near Mission and Stave Lake see Davis Lake Provincial Park.Davis Lake is a lake in the Interior of British Columbia. It lies at the head of Davis Creek just north of the town of Kettle Valley British Columbia.
 Suyt'uqucha (Quechua suyt'u sayt'u rectanguar qucha lake lagoon rectangular lake hispanicized spelling Suytuccocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Apurímac Region Andahuaylas Province Andahuaylas District. It is situated at a height of about 4272 metres (14016 ft) about 2.49 km long and 0.8 km at its widest point. Suyt'uqucha lies south-west of the lake Antaqucha of the San Jerónimo District.
 The Claro River is a river of Bolivia.
 Zhari Namco or Zhari Nanmu or Lake Trari Nam（Tibetan: བཀྲ་རི་གནམ་མཚོ Wylie: bkra ri gnam mtsho，Chinese: 扎日南木错） is a lake in Tibet it is bounded on the west by the Ngari Prefecture of Coqên County and on the east by the Ngamring County of Shigatse Prefecture. Zhari Namco is 996.9 km 2 with a drainage area of 15433.2 km 2 an elevation of 4613 m length 54.3 km and mean width 18.36 km (max 26.2 m). It is located east of Coqên Town in southern Tibet.
 The Chienti is a river in the Marche region of Italy. Its mouth is on the Adriatic at the town of Civitanova Marche .
 The Ciunganu River is a tributary of the Crăciunu River in Romania.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Valea Glăjăriei in Romania.
 The Camacho River (Spanish Río Camacho) is a river of Bolivia. It is a tributary of the Río Grande de Tarija which in turn flows into the Bermejo River and the Paraguay River.
 Artemis Chasma is the nearly circular fracture in Venus' surface which almost encloses Artemis Corona. The chasma and its associating corona can be found on the Aphrodite Terra continent at Latitude 35° South Longitude 135° East.It is named after the Greek virgin goddess of the hunt and the moon the hills the forestbirth virginity fertility and known to carry a bow and arrow Artemis.
 The Schwarzmönch (2649 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Lauterbrunnen in the Bernese Oberland. It forms a huge buttress on the north-west side of the Jungfrau to which it is connected by the ridge named Ufem Schwarzen Grat.East the summit is located the Silberhorn Hut.
 The Lugton Water the largest tributary of the River Garnock runs 14 miles (23 km) from Loch Libo (395 feet above sea-level) in Uplawmoor through Lugton and the parishes of Neilston Beith Dunlop Stewarton and Kilwinning. The Lugton joins the Garnock below the tidal limit shortly after passing through Eglinton Country Park developed around the ancient estate of the Earl of Eglinton.Timothy Pont refers to it as the 'Ludgar' or 'Lugdurr'.
 Pluck Lake is a lake to the east of Swansea city centre in the Morfa area north of Kilvey Hill. It forms part of Kilvey Community Woodland. Pluck Lake is a refuge for blue-tailed damselfly and the emperor dragonfly. In April 2008 a crocodile was supposedly sighted in the waters of the lake attracting some attention from the media and members from The Centre for Fortean Zoology and was nicknamed the Morfadile or Pluck Ness Monster.
 Boundary Peak is the highest summit in U. S. state of Nevada and is the highest point in Esmeralda County. It is the northernmost peak over 13000 feet (4000 m) in the White Mountains. At 13147 feet (4007 m) the peak is the highest point within the state of Nevada although it is only about half a mile (1 km) from the California state line.
 Trisul (Hindi: त्रिशूल) is a group of three Himalayan mountain peaks of western Kumaun with the highest (Trisul I) reaching 7120m. The three peaks resemble a trident - in Hindi/Sanskrit Trishula trident is the weapon of Shiva. The Trishul group forms the southeast corner of the ring of peaks enclosing the Nanda Devi Sanctuary about 15 kilometres (9 mi) west-southwest of Nanda Devi itself.
 Mont Bellevue is a peak that rises to 333 metres. It is situated in a public park located in the borough of Mont-Bellevue in Sherbrooke Quebec. The park contains two mountain peaks (Mont Bellevue and Mont John-S.-Bourque) 200 hectares of land 30 kilometers of trails several different types of ecosystems and remarkable biodiversity. Claiming 20% of the total park land it is the largest park in Sherbrooke.
 Turó de la Mamella is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Terrassa and Vacarisses municipal limits it is one of the foothills of the Serra de l'Obac Catalan Pre-Coastal Range and has an elevation of 806.6 metres above sea level.This mountain is part of the Llorenç del Munt and L'Obac Natural Park.
 The Nerodimka (Serbian: Неродимка Планина Nerodimka planina Albanian: Mali i Nerodimës) is a mountain located in the south of Kosovo. It is named after the Serbian legend of the woman who can't deliver a baby (Serbian: Неродимка Nerodimka meaning woman who can`t give birth). The mountain has two high peaks Bukova Glava 1721 m (5646 ft) and Kurkulica 1549 m (5082 ft).
 Parina Quta (Aymara parina flamingo quta lake flamingo lake hispanicized spellings Parinacota Parina Kkota) is a lake in Bolivia in the Oruro Department Carangas Province Corque Municipality. It is situated west of Poopó Lake about 3753 m (12313 ft) high. Parina Quta is about 1.9 km long and 0.5 km at its widest point.
 The Cireșu River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Creag Mhòr is a Scottish mountain which stands in the ancient Forest of Mamlorn deer forest it is located ten kilometres north east of Tyndrum on the border between the Perth and Kinross and Stirling council areas.
 Mount Arif (Hebrew: הר חריף) is a mountain at an altitude of 1012 meters located in the Negev desert in southern Israel.The mountain is located in the central part of the Negev desert about 85 kilometers southwest of the city of Beersheba 112 kilometers northwest of the city of Eilat at the border with Egypt. The mountain is the second highest peak in the Negev desert after the peak of Mount Ramon.
 Tossal Gros de Miramar or simply Tossal Gros is a mountain of the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 866.6 metres above sea level.This mountain is the highest summit of the Serra de Miramar; it is located between the municipal limits of Figuerola del Camp in the Alt Camp comarca and Montblanc Conca de Barberà.
 Heart Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County Idaho United States located in the Soldier Mountains in the Sawtooth National Forest. While no trails lead to the lake the lake is north of Iron Mountain which has an old Forest Service lookout on the top.
 Three Rock Mountain (Irish: Binn Trí Charraig; archaic: Sliabh Ruadh) is a mountain in Dún Laoghaire–Rathdown county in Ireland. It is 444 metres (1457 feet) high and forms part of the group of hills in the Dublin Mountains which comprises Two Rock Three Rock Kilmashogue and Tibradden Mountains. The mountain takes its name from the three groups of granite rocks at the summit.
 The Solin is a 31.3 km (19.4 mi) long river in the Loiret département north-central France. Its source is at Le Moulinet-sur-Solin 2 km (1.2 mi) south of the village. It flows generally north-northeast. It is a left tributary of the Loing into which it flows at Châlette-sur-Loing.
 Eckelsbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 French River Lakes is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Farnham Group is a sub-range of the Purcell Mountains containing the highest summit of that range Mount Farnham.
 Not to be confused with the River Shiel which runs down Glen Shiel to Loch DuichThe River Shiel (Scottish Gaelic: Abhainn Seile) is a four kilometre long river in Acharacle Highland. It flows out of the Loch Shiel into the sea at Dorlin.
 The Cristianul Mic River is a tributary of the Tișița Mare River in Romania.
 Garnet Peak is a mountain in east-central British Columbia Canada located between Goat Creek and Azure Lake. Situated in the Cariboo Mountains of the Columbia Mountains it is the highest mountain in Wells Gray Provincial Park with an elevation of 2860 m (9383 ft).
 Machchu River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Madla hills. Its basin has a maximum length of 130 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 2515 km2.
 Deer Creek is a tributary of the Allegheny River located in both Allegheny and Butler counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 Salient Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It is Alberta's 80th most prominent mountain. It was named in 1922 by Arthur O. Wheeler. It was noted to be the sharpest peak in the area.
 Ellenborough River a perennial river of the Hastings River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Neman Nemunas Nyoman Niemen or Memel is a major Eastern European river rising in Belarus and flowing through Lithuania before draining into the Curonian Lagoon and then into the Baltic Sea at Klaipėda. It begins at the confluence of two smaller tributaries (map coordinates 53.34819427.108378) about 10 miles southwest of the town of Uzda in central Belarus and about 35 miles southwest of Minsk. In its lower reaches it forms the border between Lithuania and Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast.
 The Spurcatu River is a tributary of the Gârda Seacă River in Romania.
 Pickering Crater is a crater in the Phaethontis quadrangle on Mars located at 33.1° south latitude and 132.5° west longitude. It is 115 kilometres (71 mi) in diameter.Lava flow fronts are visible within the crater and the source of the lava is Arsia Mons.
 The Chilcotin River /tʃɪlˈkoʊtɪn/ is a 241-kilometre (150 mi) long tributary of the Fraser River in southern British Columbia Canada. It drains the Chilcotin Plateau which lies between the Fraser River and the Coast Mountains. It starts northeast of Itcha Mountain and flows generally southeast to join the Fraser about 22 km upstream from Gang Ranch.
 The Mahlac River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Buciu River is a tributary of the Zebracu River in Romania
 The Aldrich Mountains are a mountain range in Grant County Oregon.
 Lockyer Creek is a major drainage system in the Lockyer Valley of South East Queensland that flows into the Brisbane River a few kilometres north-north/east of Lowood and downstream from the Wivenhoe Dam. The creek is named after Edmund Lockyer and is close to 100 kilometres (62 mi) in length.
 The Arefu River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 Lupiya (Russian: Лыпья) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Vishera River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 55 km. The area of drainage basin is 273 km². It starts in the extreme north of the krai near the border with Komi Republic. Flows into Vishera River 333 km of its mouth.
 The Bâlea River is a headwater of the Cârțișoara River in Romania.
 Roth is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Wallatiri (Aymara hispanicized spellings Guallatiri Guallatire) is one of the most active volcanoes in northern Chile. It is just west of the border with Bolivia and at the southwestern end of the Nevados de Quimsachata. It is a symmetrical 6071 m (19918 feet = 3.7723 miles) high ice-clad stratovolcano. Wallatiri is capped by a central dacitic dome or lava complex with the active vent at its southern side.The volcano featured in the Bolivia Special episode of the British TV Show Top Gear.
 Mount Thourion or Thurium Mons was the name of a conical hill in Ancient Greece.
 Orphan School Creek is a storm drain located in inner Sydney New South Wales. It is a tributary of Johnstons Creek which flows into Rozelle Bay. Located at 33.882663°S 151.176219°E﻿ / -33.882663; 151.176219
 Beise is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Auf'm Knoll is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 The Sumidouro Grande River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Solca River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 North River is a tributary of the Cacapon River belonging to the Potomac River and Chesapeake Bay watersheds. The river is located in Hampshire and Hardy counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle. The mouth of North River into the Cacapon is located at Forks of Cacapon. From its headwaters to its mouth the North River spans 52.4 miles (84.3 km) in length.
 Tuku (Quechua for owl hispanicized spellings Tuco Tucu) also Tuku Chira (Tucu Chira) is a mountain in the Andes in South America. Its summit is 5479 m (17976 ft)) and it is one of the southernmost peaks in the snow-capped Cordillera Blanca in northwestern central Peru. Tuku is located in the Ancash Region Bolognesi Province Aquia District and in the Recuay Province Catac District.
 This article is about the mountain. For the open space reservation located on the mountain see Monument Mountain (reservation)Monument Mountain is a 2.5-mile (4.0 km) long quartzite ridgeline located in Great Barrington and Stockbridge Massachusetts in the Berkshires geology.
 The Copurta River or Copuria River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
 Schwarzach (Schussen) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Chico River (Upper Chubut) is a river of Argentina.
 The Táchira River is a river located in Táchira and it divides the border that exists between Venezuela and Colombia in that western state.
 La Chaire a Calvin is a rock shelter near the village of Mouthiers-sur-Boëme in the Département of Charente situated in the vallée du Gersac. The shelter is on a cliff which faces south east.
 Welse is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Ben Anderson Barrage forms part of the Bundaberg Irrigation Scheme and is located in the Wide Bay–Burnett region of Queensland Australia near the towns of Bundaberg Gin Gin and Childers. It is composed of water storages a channel distribution system and a state government developed irrigation area.
 Edith Lake is a small alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 16.5 miles (26.6 km) south of Stanley. A trail from the Yellow Belly Lake and Pettit Lake trailheads leads towards Edith Lake via Farley Lake.
 Dibang River is a tributary river of the Brahmaputra that flows through the northeast Indian states of Arunachal Pradesh and Assam.
 The Concordiasee (concordia being Latin for harmony) is the largest artificial lake in Saxony-Anhalt Germany. It is located about eight km northwest of Aschersleben.
 Kapellenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Cernica River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Hotarul River is a tributary of the Ghindăoani River in Romania.
 The Veljul Gurbediului River is a tributary of the Valea din Pustă River in Romania.
 The Logan River is a river in South East Queensland. The catchment is dominated by urban and agricultural land use. Near the river mouth are mangrove forests and a number of aquaculture farms.
 Ylläs or Yllästunturi in Finnish is a 718-metre (2356 ft) high fell in the municipality of Kolari in Lapland Province of Finland. There are two villages near Ylläs: Äkäslompolo on the north side and Ylläsjärvi in the south. They are connected by a 11 km road around the side of the fell. Both villages derive much of their income from tourism.Ylläs is a popular cross country and downhill skiing centre. The area's marketing slogan is Ylläs on ykkönen! (Finnish for Ylläs is number one!).
 The Ploștina River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
 The Sitna River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania. The Suliţa dam is located on the Sitna River.
 The Pamplonita River is the main river of the Colombian city of Cúcuta and one of the most important of the Norte de Santander Department.The pamplonita river was used to transport cacao the main form of wealth in the region and a major axis of the economy during the 18th and 19th centuries.It begins at 3000 m in the hill of Altogrande the desert of Fontibón the neighborhoods of Pamplona.It descends by the valley of the Cariongo leaves by the big hole of Pamplona and follows towards the northwest until the height of Chinácota receives waters of the gorge Honda and continues lowering until the valley of Cúcuta through where it happens tired and when leaving it is joined with the Táchira until ending at the mighty Zulia river that throws them to the lake of Maracaibo. 
 The lake Hvalvatn is situated some kilometers to the east of Hvalfjörður in the western portion of Iceland. It lies to the east of the volcano Hvalfell. The surface measures 4.1 km² and its greatest depth is 180 m.Not far from Hvalvatn the highest waterfall in the country Glymur is located. Hiking trails lead to the lake and the waterfall.
 Mont Granier is a limestone mountain located between the départements of Savoie and Isère in France. It lies in the Chartreuse Mountains range between the towns of Chapareillan and Entremont-le-Vieux. It has an elevation of 1933 metres above sea level. Its east face overlooks the valley of Grésivaudan and Combe de Savoie and the north face overlooks Chambéry. At 900 meters Mont Granier is one of the highest cliffs in France.
 The Taharua River is a river of the northwestern Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south from its origins 25 kilometres southwest of Taupo to reach the Mohaka River of which it is one of the earliest tributaries.
 Vabala is a river of Biržai district municipality Panevėžys County northern Lithuania.
 Monte Martica is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 1032 metres.
 The Rockcastle River is a 54.8-mile-long (88.2 km) river primarily in Rockcastle County Kentucky. It is a tributary of the Cumberland River and therefore via the Ohio River part of the Mississippi River watershed. In 1750 it was discovered and named the Lawless River by Dr. Thomas Walker and his exploring party. It was soon renamed by hunter Isaac Lindsey for its castle-like rock formations. It is about 60 to 80 feet (18 to 24 m) wide throughout its length.
 The River Lowther flows through Cumbria in England. It is a tributary of the River Eamont which in turn is a tributary of the River Eden which flows into the Solway Firth near Carlisle.The Lowther begins with the confluence of the Keld Gill and the Keld Dub near the village of Keld.Its name is recorded about 1175 as Lauder. It may come from Old Norse lauðr + á = foamy river or it may come from Celtic.
 Hwayasan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its area extends across Gapyeong County and Yangpyeong County. Hwayasan has an elevation of 755 m (2477 ft).
 The Crasna (Romanian) or Kraszna (Hungarian) is the name of a river in northwestern Romania and northeastern Hungary.The Crasna is a tributary of the Tisza River. Its source is in Transylvania Romania near the village of Crasna. It flows through the Romanian counties Sălaj and Satu Mare and the Hungarian county Szabolcs-Szatmár-Bereg. It flows into the Tisza in Vásárosnamény. Cities along the Crasna are Șimleu Silvaniei in Romania Nagyecsed and Mátészalka in Hungary.
 This article is about a river in Canterbury New Zealand. For the Washington (United States) politician see Ann Rivers.The Anne River is a small river in Canterbury New Zealand. It rises near the Anne Saddle and flows east then north for approximately 6 km until it meets the Henry River itself a tributary of the Waiau River. The St James Walkway a popular tramping track follows the Anne River for its entire length and the Anne Huts are located near the river's mouth.
 The Ferești River is a tributary of the Dănești River in Romania.
 Lake Rico is a 166-acre (0.67 km2) freshwater lake within Massasoit State Park in Taunton Massachusetts. The lake takes up about nearly a quarter of Massasoit State Park. There are many coves minor islands and a few major islands located within the lake. Much of its coastline is heavily forested although there is a non-designated beach area located at Lake Rico's southeastern coast.
 Wolfskuhlsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 63.8 m its surface area is 0.039 km².
 Lej da la Tscheppa is a lake above Sils-Maria in the Engadin valley of the Grisons Switzerland. Its surface area is 7.96 ha at an elevation of 2616 m. It used to be fed by water from the Crasta-Tscheppa Glacier (melted in 2003).
 The Pico do Cabugi also known as the Serra do Cabuji or Serrote da Itaretama is the only extinct volcano in Brazil which preserves its original form.
 Turner's Gap is a wind gap in the South Mountain Range of the Blue Ridge Mountains located in Frederick County and Washington County Maryland. The gap is traversed by U.S. Route 40 Alt the Old National Pike. The Appalachian Trail also crosses the gap.
 The Schwarzenstein (Italian: Sasso Nero; German: Schwarzenstein) is a mountain in the Zillertal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Manavgat River (also called Til and Melas in old historical texts) originates on the eastern slopes of Western Taurus Mountains in Turkey and flows south over conglomerated strata for about 90 km then over the Manavgat Waterfall and though the coastal plain and into the Mediterranean Sea. There are many caves in the river watershed area the most interesting being the Altınbeşik cave.The maximum flow of the Manavgat River is 500 m³/second with an average of 147 m³/second.
 National grid reference NS16087669Bishop’s Glen Reservoir also known as Dunoon Reservoir used to be the source for drinking water for the town of Dunoon a function now satisfied via Loch Eck. Records show that this impounding reservoir was created before 1880.
 Tschima da Flix is a mountain of the Albula Alps located between Piz Calderas and Piz d'Agnel in the canton of Graubünden. On the northern side of the mountain lies a glacier named Vadret da Calderas.
 Kitarahu (Ancash Quechua kita dam Quechua rahu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized spellings Quitarajo Quitaraju also Kitaraju) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 6040 metres (19816 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Santa Cruz District.
 The Pastra (Greek: Πάστρα) is a mountain in West Attica Greece near the border with Boeotia. It is the eastern extension of the Kithaironas mountain range. Its highest peak named Petrogeraki (Πετρογεράκι) is 1016 m high. The nearby peak Kourtiza (Κούρτιζα) is 1015 m high. Its morphology is defined by steep slopes and four deep gorges on the northeast side. Its flora consists of brushwood holm oaks pine trees and arbutus. Its fauna includes hares foxes blackbirds and partridges.
 The Nahal Amud (Hebrew: נחל עמוד‎) also known as the Wadi Amud is a stream in the Upper Galilee that spills into the Sea of Galilee. The stream's source Ramat Dalton is located 800 meters above sea level. Its drainage basin includes the peaks of Mount Canaan (955 meters) and Mount Meron (1204 meters) and flows south through eastern Galilee to the northwest part of the Sea of Galilee - a height of less than 200 meters below sea level.
 The East Branch Penobscot River is a 75.3-mile-long (121.2 km) tributary of Maine's Penobscot River. From its source (46°16′01″N 69°12′08″W) in Maine Township 7 Range 11 WELS in Piscataquis County the river runs 17 miles (27 km) southeast to Grand Lake Matagamon in the northeast corner of Baxter State Park. From Grand Lake Dam the river runs 48 miles (77 km) south to its confluence with the Penobscot's West Branch in Medway Penobscot County.
 The Ciugud River (Hungarian:Csüged-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Mount Pilatus (German: Pilatus) is a mountain overlooking Lucerne in Central Switzerland. It is composed of several summits of which the highest (2128 m) is named Tomlishorn. Another summit named Esel (2119 m) lies just over the railway station. Jurisdiction over the massif is divided between the cantons of Obwalden Nidwalden and Lucerne. The main peaks are right on the border between Obwalden and Nidwalden.
 The Rawhide Mountains are a mountain range of western Arizona in the southwest of Mohave County. It is part of a block of mountain ranges on the north of an insular region called the Maria fold and thrust belt containing mountain ranges valleys and plains.
 Gemsstock is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Andermatt in the canton of Uri. A glacier named Gurschenfirn lies over its northern flanks. The Gemsstock is a subpeak of the higher Chastelhorn lying approximately one kilometre south-west.
 Squaw's Tit is a mountain in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta. It is located at Lat/Lon: 51.13°N 115.33°W and is one of the most prominent landmarks in the vicinity of Canmore Alberta.Squaw's Tit is an unofficial name for the high point of a ridge that lies west of Mount Charles Stewart and Mount Lady Macdonald near Canmore. The peak owes its name to the resemblance it shares with a woman's upturned breast.
 The North River is a 7.6-mile-long (12.2 km) tidal river in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is an arm of Mobjack Bay itself part of Chesapeake Bay. The North River forms the boundary between Mathews and Gloucester counties.
 The Sărături River is a tributary of the Durduc River in Romania.
 Pine Log Mountain is located in the state of Georgia with a summit elevation of 2338 feet (713 m). The peak is three miles west of the town of Waleska separated only by the high end community of Lake Arrowhead. The summit falls within Cherokee County although the majority of the mountain range trails into Bartow County including other peaks of Little Pine Log Mountain Bear Mountain and Hanging Mountain.
 Kariniutu River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 The Arma Mountains are a mountain range in Afghanistan.
 The Suhodolu River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Aupke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Loveland Pass is a high mountain pass in the western United States at an elevation of 11990 feet (3655 m) above sea level in the Rocky Mountains of north-central Colorado.
 Birch Cove Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 Kerse Loch (NS 34894 16186) also recorded as Carse Loch (1841) is a small freshwater loch in the East Ayrshire Council Area lying in a glacial Kettle Hole Parish of Dalrymple Scotland.
 Lac d'Espingo is a lake in Haute-Garonne Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 1882 m its surface area is 0.076 km².
 The Gurinhém River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 Manhaengsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 910 metres.
 The Târșoasa River is a tributary of the Pintic River in Romania.
 Siyeh Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier lies in a deep cirque to the north of Mount Siyeh at an elevation between 7200 feet (2200 m) and 6800 feet (2100 m) above sea level. Siyeh Glacier covers an area of less than 10 acres (0.040 km2) and does not meet the threshold of 25 acres (0.10 km2) often cited as being the minimum size to qualify as an active glacier.
 The mountain Baula with its reddish or orange colour caused by its rhyolite rock composition is situated in the west of Iceland next to Route 1 (the Ring Road). Bifröst University and the picturesque craters of Grábrók are located nearby.Geologically the mountain is classified as an intrusion (or in geologist's terms a batholith which is a mass of rock that has been thrust upwards from deep within the earth to the surface).
 St. Eloi Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1917 after St. Eloi.
 Mark Twain Cave is a show cave located near Hannibal Missouri. It is the oldest operating show cave in the state giving tours continuously since 1886. The cave became a registered National Natural Landmark in 1972. Mark Twain Cave plays an important role in the novel The Adventures of Tom Sawyer by Mark Twain and is named in honor of the Hannibal native.
 Mount Tire'm is a small 1060-foot (320 m) mountain adjacent to Keoka Lake in the town of Waterford Maine. The Daniel Brown Trail offers access to the summit; its trailhead is on Plummer Hill Road just northwest of the village of Waterford. Views on clear days near the summit include vistas of Keoka Lake and Pleasant Mountain the home of the Shawnee Peak Ski Area.
 Lake Vyrnwy Nature Reserve and Estate (Welsh: Llyn Efyrnwy pronounced [ɛˈvərnʊɨ]) is an area of land in Montgomeryshire Powys Wales surrounding the Victorian reservoir of Lake Vyrnwy. Its stone-built dam built in the 1880s was the first of its kind in the world. The nature reserve and the area around it are jointly managed by the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds (RSPB) and Severn Trent Water.
 Urra Moor is the highest moor in the North York Moors at 454 metres (1454 ft) above sea level in the national park in North Yorkshire England. The name applies to the moor as a whole; the summit itself is known as Round Hill.The summit is crowned by a trig point and a track passes about 100 metres (110 yd) to the south of this point. This track forms part of the route of both the Lyke Wake Walk and the Cleveland Way and also forms the most commonly used route of ascent for Urra Moor.
 Dug Pond is a small body of water in Natick Massachusetts. Most notably it is home to Memorial Beach one of few swimming beaches in Natick and its eastern shore is the site of Natick High School.
 The Sohodolul Chifului River is a tributary of the Sighiștel River in Romania.
 Saurode is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Bolshoy Kub (Russian: Большой Куб) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Veslyana River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 37 km. Bolshoy Kub flows into Veslyana River 121 km of its mouth.
 Daeamsan is a mountain in the province of Gangwon-do South Korea. It sits on the boundary between the counties of Inje and Yanggu. Daeamsan has an elevation of 1304 m (4278 ft).
 The Tricolor River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Mădărașul Mare River is a headwater of the Olt River in Romania.
 Toronto Lake is a recreational lake in southern Kansas opened in 1960 and maintained by the US Army Corps of Engineers. Toronto Lake was authorized in the Flood Control Act of 1941. It is located on the Verdigris River about 4 miles southeast of Toronto Kansas. Construction started on the lake in November 1954 and it was completed in February 1960.
 The Great Dąbrowa (Polish: Jezioro Dąbrowa Wielka German: Groß Damerau See) is a lake in Poland near the gmina Dąbrówno. The Little Dąbrowa lake is nearby.
 The Kelsey Range is a mountain range in Siskiyou County California.
 The Pokororo River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows southeast from the Arthur Range to reach the Motueka River 15 kilometres southwest of the town of Motueka.
 The Adona River is a tributary of the Peţa River in Romania.
 Daeunsan is a mountain located in Onyang Ulju County Ulsan South Korea. It sits on the boundary between the districts of Oegwang-ri and Unhwa-ri in the province of Gyeongsangnam-do. Daeunsan has an elevation of 742 m (2434 ft). The mountain was previously named Bulgwangsan.
 The Țibău River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Qingshui River (Chinese: 清水溪; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chheng-chúi-khoe) is a river in north-east Taiwan. It flows through Yilan County for 25km.
 The Ogașu Baranului is a tributary of the Râul Rece in Romania.
 Akuliarusiarsuup Kuua (Danish: Sandflugtdalen) is a river and valley of the same name in the Qeqqata municipality in central-western Greenland. Its source is the meltwater outflow from Russell Glacier an outflow of the Greenland ice sheet. The river is a tributary of Qinnguata Kuussua the main river in the Kangerlussuaq area. For most of its run the river flows very slowly through the sandur basin of the valley forming meanders amongst large fields of glacial silt quicksand.
 The Ruakituri River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. A major tributary for the Wairoa River it initially flows northeast from its sources north of Lake Waikareiti. It turns southeast for the majority of its course reaching the Wairoa at the settlement of Te Reinga 25 kilometres north of Wairoa.
 Isdell River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia named in 1898 by explorer Frank Hann after James Isdell JP prominent pastoralist miner and pearler and later MP.The river rises in the Packhorse Range and flows in a south- westerly direction until it reaches Isdell Gorge at the foot of the King Leopold Range where it changes to a north-westerly direction before discharging into the eastern end of Walcott Inlet.The river has eleven tributaries including; Sprigg River Woolybutt Creek Cadjuput Creek Woomera Creek and Tulmulnga Creek.The traditional owners are the Wangina Wunggurr Willingin people who maintain a strong connection to the river despite disruptions by pastoral activities.
 Taseko Mountain also known as Mount Taseko (pronounced Ta-SEE-ko) 3063 m (10049 ft) prominence: 1277 m is one of the principal summits of the Chilcotin Ranges part of the Pacific Ranges subdivision of the Coast Mountains of southern British Columbia. Standing just east of the Taseko Lakes it is the highest summit between the Taseko Lakes and the Fraser River and the highest east of the pass between the basins of the Lord and Bridge Rivers.
 The Mislea River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Ölrain is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Sașa River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Eggstock (3556 m) is a minor prominence of the Uri Alps forming the northern pillar of the Dammastock on the border between the cantons of Valais and Uri. The tripoint between the cantons of Bern Valais and Uri (3500 m) is located 600 m west of the summit.
 Geumhaksan is a mountain in the county of Cheorwon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 947 m (3107 ft).
 Calkens Peak is a peak also known as O'Calkens Peak Caulkens Peak and O'Caulkens Peak. At an elevation of 11487 feet (3501 m) above sea level it is the second highest peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County about 5.75 mi (9.25 km) north-northwest of Castle Peak its line parent.
 Chopaka Mountain also known as Mount Chopaka is a summit in the leeward flank of the North Cascades. Its summit area is a Natural Area Preserve comprising 2764 acres (1119 ha) and features a mountain goat population and various rare plants. The last surviving native herd of bighorn sheep in Washington was located on Chopaka Mountain until hunted out in the 1920s.
 Gee Creek is a 4th order tributary to the Columbia River a.k.a. small creek within Clark County Washington named for William Gee an early pioneer upon whose land the stream arose from. The Upper Gee Creek watershed with an 8.7-square-mile (23 km2) drainage basin is completely located within the Ridgefield quadrangle. The mainstem extends approximately 11.5 miles (18.5 km) of which 4.9 miles (7.9 km) are located within the Upper Gee Creek basin.
 The Balțu River is a tributary of the Repedea River in Romania.
 Brumbach (Wipper) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Cozia River is a tributary of the Bohotin River in Romania.
 Rampsgill Head is a fell in the English Lake District standing to the west of Haweswater Reservoir in the Far Eastern Fells. It forms the focal point of three ridges which fan out north east north west and south.
 Qiwñaqucha (Quechua qiwña qiwuña polylepis qucha lake hispanicized spelling Queuñacocha) is a small lake in Peru located in the Urupampa mountain range of the Cusco Region. It is located in the Calca Province Lares District. The lake is situated north of the mountains Ch'iqun Siriwani and Paru Urqu at a height of about 4170 m. It is 0.2 km long and 0.14 km at its widest point.
 May Lake is a lake in Yosemite National Park as well as a High Sierra Camp where backpackers can stay in tent cabins located near the lake. There are eight cabins that accommodate a total of thirty six guests. The hike to May Lake is from a parking area off Tioga Pass Road and is 1.2 miles. The lake is overlooked by Mount Hoffmann (3307 m).
 Haumi River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand. It flows into the Bay of Islands south of Paihia.
 The Suriname River (Dutch: Surinamerivier) is 480 km long and flows through the country Suriname. Its sources are located in the Guiana Highlands on the border between the Wilhelmina Mountains and the Eilerts de Haan Mountains (where it is known as the Gran Rio).
 The Mara is an 8 km Italian stream (or torrente) of Insubria which runs through the Italian Province of Como and the Swiss Canton Ticino. It rises on the slopes of Monte Sighignola and enters Lake Lugano at Maroggia.Despite the small size of its drainage basin the river is able to provide a source of hydro-electricity through a power station belonging to the Aziende industriali di Lugano.The Mara’s water level is liable to rapid and unpredictable augmentation following sudden storms.
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Berheci River in Romania.
 Lake of the Lone Indian is a small lake in the eastern Sierra Nevada near the John Muir Trail and Pacific Crest Trail in John Muir Wilderness. The outflow of Lake of the Lone Indian becomes Fish Creek which eventually joins the Middle Fork of the San Joaquin River.
 Barkhatnaya Sopka (Russian: Бархатная сопка) is a volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia along the Paratunka River.
 Herefossfjorden is a lake in the municipality of Birkenes in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is part of the Tovdalselva river. The Gauslåfjorden and Uldalsåna lakes flow into Herefossfjorden near the village of Herefoss. The Uldalsåna lake is held back by a dam and the Gauslåfjorden flows over a waterfall into the Herefossfjorden.
 Borlasbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Mutnovsky (Russian: Мутновский) is a complex volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It is one of the most active volcanoes of southern Kamchatka; the latest eruption was recorded in 2000. At the foot of the Mutnovsky lies a geyser field popularly known as the Lesser Valley of Geysers.
 Pallavarayankaddu Aru is a river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in western Mullaitivu District before flowing north-west through Mullaitivu District and Kilinochchi District. The river empties into Palk Bay.
 White Rock River a perennial river of the Genoa River catchment is located in the Monaro region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Gantkofel is a mountain of the Nonsberg group in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Bzyb (Abkhaz: Бзыҧ Georgian: ბზიფი Russian: Бзыбь) is one of the two largest rivers of Abkhazia along with the Kodori and the twelfth longest river in Georgia. The river valley has rich biodiversity of herbaceous garden plants particularly in the gorge section in the upper reaches where the most prominent and colourful bellflower Campanula mirabilis with profuse growth of 100 flowers per plant is given the name the Queen of the Abkhazian flora.
 Lake Tillery is a reservoir between Badin Lake and Blewett Falls Lake in the Uwharrie Lakes Region of North Carolina. It is entirely within Stanly County and Montgomery County NC. The lake was created by impounding the Pee Dee River which is created by the confluence of the Yadkin River and the Uwharrie River several miles to the north. Norwood NC in neighboring Stanly County uses as its town motto Gateway to Lake Tillery.
 The Leán River is a river in Honduras.
 Turbacz is the highest peak of the Gorce Mountains a mountain range located in southern Lesser Poland. It lies in the middle of the range and according to most sources it is 1310 meters high. The peak itself is surrounded by dense pine forest which makes it impossible for tourists to admire the view of the area. In the past however no trees were present there and according to the 1832 sources it was possible to see the city of Kraków with a telescope.
 William Rust Summit or Willhelm Rust Summit is a summit in Contra Costa County California in the Berkeley Hills above the city of El Cerrito. It was named in honor of for William Rust (1857–1922) a pioneer settler who was active in business and community affairs.
 Mogusan is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1066 m (3497 ft).
 The Bahluiul Mic River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in eastern Romania.
 Rheindorfer Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Issaquah Alps is the unofficial name for the highlands near Issaquah Washington a suburb of Seattle including Cougar Mountain (the flagship mountain of Issaquah) Squak Mountain Tiger Mountain Taylor Mountain Rattlesnake Ridge Rattlesnake Mountain and Grand Ridge. The term was invented in 1977 by noted nature author Harvey Manning within the pages of his trail guidebook Footsore 1 elevating their status from foothills to Alps to advocate preservation.
 Imhotep is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 159 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Imhotep is named for the Ancient Egyptian architect Imhotep who lived from 2686 to 2613 BCE.
 Vorbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mali Krš (Serbian Cyrillic: Мали крш) is a mountain in eastern Serbia. Its highest peak Garvan has an elevation of 929 metres above sea level. While not particularly rugged Mali Krš is remote hidden between nearby mountains of Liškovac Veliki Krš and Homolje mountains. Like nearby Veliki Krš and Stol Mali Krš is dominated by karst formations and they are collectively known as Gornjanski kras. Mali Krš has an elongated karst ridge at the top section.
 The Cares is a river in Northern Spain flowing through the Autonomous Communities of Asturias and León until it joins the Deva River and flows into the Atlantic Ocean in the Bay of Biscay where it forms the Tina Mayor estuary which is the natural border between Asturias and Cantabria.
 Read's Cavern is a cave at Burrington Combe Somerset England in which traces of Iron Age occupation have been found. It lies under Dolbury Hill. Its large main chamber has a boulder ruckle floor and is parallel to a cliff face. The cave was excavated by the University of Bristol Spelæological Society (UBSS) in the 1920s when relics of Iron Age occupation were found.The UBSS excavation followed the removal of 21 tonnes of limestone material below a cliff where a stream sinks.
 The Negoiu River is a tributary of the Greci River in Romania
 The Biliceni is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Lake Danao is a guitar-shaped lake on the island of Leyte Philippines in the province of Leyte.The lake is covering an area of 148 hectares (370 acres). It is situated in the 2193 hectares (5420 acres) Lake Danao National Park which also includes the Amandiwin mountain range.
 The Melach River is a right tributary of the Inn River and has a length of 25 km. It is located in the western district of Innsbruck-Land. The water has A/B grade quality. The river passes through the village Gries im Sellrain.
 Munsubong is a South Korean mountain that sits between the cities of Jecheon Chungcheongbuk-do and Mungyeong Gyeongsangbuk-do. It has an elevation of 1161.5 m (3811 ft).
 The Churchill River is a river in Newfoundland and Labrador which flows east from the Smallwood Reservoir in Labrador into the Atlantic Ocean via Lake Melville. The river is 856 km (532 mi) long and drains an area of 79800 km2 (30800 sq mi); it is the longest river in the province.This river is still known locally as Mishtashipu by the Innu and the Grand River by the people of NunatuKavut the people of Nunatsiavut and Settlers who identify as Labradorians.
 Kanal III3b is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Richland-Chambers Reservoir is the third largest inland reservoir by surface area and the 8th largest reservoir by water volume in Texas formed by the impoundment of Richland Creek and Chambers Creek east-southeast of the town of Corsicana and south of Kerens in Navarro County and Freestone County Texas USA. It has 330 miles (530 km) of shoreline and is Y shaped with the dam on the eastern end of the lake.
 The Kolan River is a short river north of Bundaberg. The catchment area is bounded by the Dawes Range in the north-east and the Burnett Range in the south-west.The river was dammed in 1978 by the Fred Haigh Dam forming Lake Monduran. Other water storage facilities supplied with water from the river include Bucca Weir and Kolan Barrage. The construction of the Fred Haigh Dam has mitigated severe flooding in lower reaches.The main tributary of the Kolan River is Gin-Gin Creek.
 Chwiszczej is a river of Poland a tributary of the Leśna Prawa.
 The Kaikoura Peninsula is located in the northeast of New Zealand's South Island. It protrudes five kilometres into the Pacific Ocean. The town of Kaikoura is located on the north shore of the peninsula. The peninsula has been settled by Maori for approximately 1000 years and by Europeans since the 1800s when whaling operations began off the Kaikoura Coast.
 Antsiranana Bay (also known as Diego-Suarez Bay) the large natural bay along the northeast coast of Madagascar is considered one of the finest natural harbors in the world. The bay protected by a narrow inlet that provides shelter from strong Indian Ocean winds is believed to be the result of a submerging coastline or a drowned river valley that formed many peninsulas around the bay.
 The Mahananda River (Pron:/ˌməhɑːˈnʌndə or ˌmɑːhəˈnʌndə/) (Nepali: महानदी Hindi: महानन्दा नदी Bengali: মহানন্দা নদী) is a trans-boundary river that flows through the Indian states of West Bengal and Bihar and Bangladesh. Right bank tributary Mechi forms part of Nepal's eastern boundary with West Bengal and the Kankai crosses out of Nepal.
 River Vashishti is one of the larger rivers in the Konkan coast of Maharashtra India.The town of Chiplun lies on its banks.The river begins in the Western Ghats and snakes its way westwards towards the Arabian Sea.Kolkiwadi Dam near Alore has a vast reservoir which feeds a tributary of the river.During the 2005 Maharashtra floods the river swelled its banks causing many of the city's residents to evacuate it.The river has many riverine islands.Crocodiles are known to inhabit the waters.
 Altenau (Alme) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Șugău River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Mocirliu River is a tributary of the Godeanu River in Romania.
 West Fork San Juan River is a tributary of the San Juan River in southern Colorado in the United States. The stream flows from a source near South River Peak in Mineral County to a confluence with the East Fork San Juan River in Archuleta County that forms the San Juan River.
 Stob Binnein is a mountain in the southern Highlands of Scotland near Crianlarich. It forms a twin-peak with Ben More from which it is separated by the Bealach-eadar-dha Beinn meaning pass between two hills.Stob Binnein is often climbed in conjunction with Ben More by means of the Bealach-eadar-dha Beinn. Descent may be made from the bealach direct to Benmore Burn. It may also be climbed from the south starting near Inverlochlarig some 8 km from Balquhidder.
 Green View Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Green View Lake is 1 mi (1.6 km) southeast of Goode Mountain and is within a cirque. The lake is not accessible via any designated trails but is only about 2 mi (3.2 km) northwest of the Pacific Crest Trail and the backcountry camping zone at North Fork.
 The Miniș River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 Yablochkina is an impact crater on Venus. It was named after Aleksandra Yablochkina.
 Dzenzursky (Russian: Дзензурский) is a stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 Mount Pierce is a mountain in the Presidential Range in the White Mountains of New Hampshire that is approximately 4310 feet (1314 m) high. Formerly called Mount Clinton for 19th-century governor DeWitt Clinton of New York in 1913 it was renamed after President Franklin Pierce (1804–69) the only president born in New Hampshire although the newer name is not universally accepted.
 The Oronoque River is a river of Suriname.
 The Vignemale (Occitan: Vinhamala Aragonese: Comachibosa) at 3298 metres is the highest of the French Pyrenean summits in the border with Spain (the highest in the whole of the range is Pic Aneto).The Vignemale is the name given to the mountain massif which actually straddles into Spain. It consists of several distinct summits the predominant ones being Grand Vignemale or Pique-Longue (3298 m) Pointe Chausenque (3204 m) and Petit Vignemale (3032 m).
 The Totarakaitorea River is a short river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows west to reach the Three Mile Lagoon three kilometres to the south of Okarito.
 Pat Mayse Lake is a reservoir in the Prairies and Lakes region of Texas United States. It is in Lamar County near the towns of Chicota and Powderly. Paris Texas is the nearest major city. The lake is managed by the United States Army Corps of Engineers. It is stocked with largemouth bass white crappie sunfish striped bass channel and flathead catfish and other common fish species. Nearby hunting areas are also managed for upland game and whitetail deer and are open to the public.
 Norfork Dam is a large dam in northern Arkansas southeast of Mountain Home. It dams North Fork River and creates Norfork Lake. The top of the dam supports a 2-lane roadway part of AR 177.
 The Fagu River is a tributary of the Cârligele River in Romania.
 Cunninghams Gap is a pass over the Great Dividing Range between the Darling Downs and the Fassifern Valley in Queensland Australia. The Gap is the major route over the Scenic Rim. The Cunningham Highway was built to provide road transport between the two regions.It is situated in Main Range National Park between the peaks of Mount Cordeaux and Mount Mitchell.
 Subiaco Creek a northern tributary of the Parramatta River is a creek west of Sydney Harbour located in Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Maromokotro or Maromokotra is the highest mountain on Madagascar at 2876 metres (9436 ft) high. It is located in the Tsaratanana Massif inside the Tsaratanana Reserve in the northern part of the island.
 Yerkes is a lunar crater near the western edge of Mare Crisium. In the past the interior of this crater has been almost completely inundated by lava leaving only a shallow remnant of a rim above the mare. The rim is widest on the western and southern portions and barely existent to the east forming a thin curve in the surface. A low ridge runs from the north rim to Yerkes E in the north-northwest.
 The Do Salto River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Gale is a crater on Mars near the northwestern part of the Aeolis quadrangle at 5.4°S 137.8°E﻿ / -5.4; 137.8. It is 154 km (96 mi) in diameter and estimated to be about 3.5-3.8 billion years old. The crater was named after Walter Frederick Gale an amateur astronomer from Sydney New South Wales Australia who observed Mars in the late 19th century. Aeolis Mons is a mountain in the center of Gale Crater and rises 5.5 km (18000 ft) high.
 Krombach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Urecheni River is a tributary of the Topolița River in Romania.
 The Bayeux (Baion in Occitan) is a short stream in the southeast of France. In the upper 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) of its course it is called Bayon. It runs from the Montagne Sainte-Victoire to the Arc near Meyreuil.
 Kleiner Seekopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Bessel is a small lunar crater that is located in the southern half of the Mare Serenitatis. Despite its small size this is the largest crater to lie entirely within the mare. It lies to the north-northeast of the crater Menelaus.This crater is circular and bowl-shaped with a rim that has a higher albedo than the floor or the surrounding mare.
 The Hole Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 459 along Johnson Creek.The Hole is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. This lake is just upstream of Johnson Lake.
 Monte Minisfreddo is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 1047 metres.
 North Fork Elk River or North Fork Elk Creek is a 15.2-mile-long (24.5 km) tributary of the Elk River in Routt County Colorado. It flows from a source on the northeast slopes of Big Agnes Mountain in the Sawtooth Range to a confluence with the Middle Fork Elk River that forms the Elk River.
 The Monzeler Hüttenkopf also just Hüttenkopf at 423.4 m above sea level is the second highest point of the Moselle Hills. It lies within the municipality of Osann-Monzel in the German county of Bernkastel-Wittlich.
 Simonson Brook also known as Sunonson Brook is a tributary of the Millstone River in southern Franklin Park Somerset County New Jersey in the United States.
 The Gray Wolf River is a river of the Olympic Peninsula in Washington. It is a tributary of the Dungeness River.
 Gunzenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Caxias River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Bobu River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 Eisenbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lake Vissi is a lake of Estonia. It's located in the Vissi village.
 Lahore Canal (Urdu/Punjabi: لاﻫﻮر ﻧﻬﺮ) begins at the Bambawali-Ravi-Bedian (BRB) Canal that runs through the east of the city of Lahore Punjab Pakistan. The 37 miles (60 km) long waterway was initially built by the Mughals. It was then upgraded by the British in 1861 and further advanced by Bashir Ahmed Construction Company in 1976.
 Dao Vallis is a valley on Mars that appears to have been carved by water. It runs southwestward into Hellas Planitia from the southern slopes of the volcano Hadriacus Mons and has been identified as an outflow channel. It and its tributary Niger Vallis extend for about 1200 km (750 mi).It is named after the Thai word for star and it was proposed as a potential landing site for the 2012 Curiosity rover of the Mars Science Laboratory mission.
 Little Walla Walla River is a stream in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Olt river in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Valea Iadului and Valea Runcului. The Dopca Dam is located on this river.
 The Södertälje Canal (Swedish: Södertälje kanal) is a canal connecting the lake Mälaren with the Baltic Sea at the city of Södertälje. It is 5.2 km long and it has one lock. The size of this lock is the largest in Scandinavia by allowed ship size. The lock is 135 m long and 17 m wide. The water level difference between Mälaren and the Baltic Sea is not large on average 0.6 m (2 ft). This is the main shipping route into the lake Mälaren.
 Swithland Reservoir is a reservoir in the English county of Leicestershire. It is north-east of the village of Swithland from which it takes its name north-west of Rothley and approximately 133 metres south-west of Mountsorrel Quarry. The dam is at the north end and is crossed by Kinchley Lane. An island known as Brazil Island is located south of the centre of the reservoir with a weir on either side.
 Dalkarlsån is a river in Sweden located in Västerbotten. The river is around 50 kilometers of length and with a river basin spanning around 346.5 kilometers.
 Radęca (or Rdęca) is a river in western Poland a tributary of the Orla. It meets the Orla at Jutrosin where it is dammed to create Zbiornik Justrosin (Lake Justrosin) just north of the town and above the confluence.
 Saltskogsfjärden is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Zebracu River ( Hungarian: Zebrák Zebrák-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Valea Roșie River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Crystal Lake is a 33-acre (130000 m2) natural lake located in Newton Massachusetts. Its shores mostly lined with private homes also host two small parks and a town beach and bath house. The name Crystal Lake was given to the pond by a nineteenth-century commercial ice harvester that sold ice cut from the pond in winter. It had previously been called Baptist Pond and used for baptisms by the Newton Center Baptist Church.
 The Ilgachuz Range is a name given to an extinct shield volcano in British Columbia Canada. It is not a mountain range in the normal sense because it was formed as a single volcano that has been eroded for the past 5 million years. It lies on the Chilcotin Plateau located some 350 kilometres (220 mi) north-northwest of Vancouver and 30 km north of Anahim Lake. The highest peak of the range is Far Mountain. The range supports a unique grassland ecosystem.
 The Ruera River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from the Navigator Range in the Southern Alps reaching the Copland River 30 kilometres east of Bruce Bay. The river's entire length is within Westland Tai Poutini National Park.
 The Berwyn range (Welsh: Y Berwyn or Mynydd y Berwyn) is an isolated and sparsely populated area of moorland located in the north-east of Wales roughly bounded by Llangollen in the north-east Corwen in the north-west Bala in the south-west and Oswestry in the south-east. The Berwyn range also played its part in causing King Henry II of England to turn back during his invasion of Gwynedd in 1165.
 North Fork Vermejo River is a tributary of the Vermejo River. The river flows from Las Animas County Colorado south to a confluence with Little Vermejo Creek in Colfax County New Mexico that forms the Vermejo River.
 Pizz Gallagiun (also known as Pizzo Galleggione) is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Range located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. On its southern side it overlooks the Val Bregaglia. On its northern side it overlooks the Val Madris.
 The Rod River is a tributary of the Apold River in Romania.
 Ducker Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Num Ri is a mountain in the Khumbu region of the Nepalese Himalayas. Num Ri consists of a long ridge that culminates eastwards in a pyramid summit. Neighbouring mountains are Island Peak Baruntse and Cho Polu.Num Ri was first climbed on November 7 2002 by the German climbers Olaf Rieck Lydia Schubert and Carsten Schmidt.
 Cairnie Hill lies at the eastern end of the Ochil Hills above the village of Collessie Scotland. It is the highest point of a small upland area between Collesie Den and Collairnie Farm. The northern and western slopes of Cairnie Hill are quite steep and are used for rough grazing and forestry. To the south the land rises gradually from the flat Howe of Fife and is used predominantly for arable farming.
 Mount Werner is a mountain in the Park Range of the Rocky Mountains in Colorado four miles (6 km) southeast of Steamboat Springs the county seat of Routt County. It is 150 miles (240 km) northwest of Denver. The mountain reaches a height of 10565 feet (3220 m) above sea level and has a base elevation of 6900 ft (2100 m). It has a vertical rise of 3668 ft (1120 m). It has five peaks (from lowest to highest) Christie Peak Thunderhead Peak Sunshine Peak Storm Peak and Mt. Werner.
 The Água Amarela River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Kasaritsa Verijärv is a lake in Estonia.
 The Ghirolt River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
 Piz Toissa is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps located west of Salouf in the canton of Graubünden.
 The Remetea River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Nanda Ghunti is a 6309-metre-high (20699 ft) mountain in Garhwal India. It lies on the outer rim of the Nanda Devi Sanctuary.The mountain was first surveyed by T. G. Longstaff in 1907. Eric Shipton surveyed it from the west in 1931. The first serious attempt to reach the summit was made by B. R. Goodfellow and J. Buzzard (UK) in 1944. Finally a Swiss team under André Roch made the first ascent in 1947 via the east ridge.The first Indian ascent was made in 1960.
 The Augustów Canal (Polish: Kanał Augustowski [ˈkanau̯ au̯ɡusˈtɔfski] Belarusian: Аўгустоўскі канал) is a cross-border canal built in the 19th century in the present-day Podlaskie Voivodeship of northeastern Poland and the Grodno Region of north-western Belarus (then the Augustów Voivodeship of the Kingdom of Poland).
 The Marble Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County California.
 Lake Baroon is formed by Baroon Pocket Dam a dam constructed in 1988 on Obi Obi Creek in South East Queensland. The two smaller creeks Bridge Creek and Forbes Creek also provide inflows to the dam. The reservoir has a surface area of 400 ha an average depth of 15 metres and holds some 60 000 ML of water.
 Pen Llithrig y Wrach is a mountain peak in Snowdonia North Wales. It is one of the four Marilyns that make up the Carneddau range. To the east is Creigiau Gleision another Marilyn while to the west is Pen yr Helgi Du and Carnedd Llewelyn. Craig Eigiau and Llyn Eigiau can be seen to the north while Gallt yr Ogof Glyder Fach and Tryfan can be viewed to the south.
 Alcedo Volcano is one of the six coalescing shield volcanoes that make up Isabela Island in the Galapagos. The remote location of the volcano has meant that even the most recent eruption in 1993 was not recorded until two years later.
 Memo River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Peneiós (Greek: Πηνειός Greek pronunciation: [piniˈos] referred to in Latin sources as Peneus) is a river in Thessaly Greece. The river is named after the god Peneus. During the later Middle Ages it was also known as the Salambrias or Salabrias (Σαλα[μ]βριάς). It flows from the Pindus mountains and empties into the Aegean Sea northeast of Vale of Tempe near Stomio.
 Steigkoppe is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Middle Creek is a 15.5-mile-long (24.9 km) tributary of Cocalico Creek in Lancaster County Pennsylvania in the United States. There is a dam between Hopeland and Kleinfeltersville creating a small lake in the Middle Creek Wildlife Management Area also known as State Game Lands #46.Middle Creek joins Cocalico Creek just upstream from Hammer Creek near the village of Rothsville.
 Großer Falkenstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Laguna de Sayula (Sayula Lake) is a lake located in the southern area of Jalisco about 60 km from Guadalajara. It is located in the municipalities of Sayula Zacoalco de Torres Amacueca Teocuitatlán de Corona Atoyac and Techaluta de Montenegro.The lake level has gradually been lowering since 1994 but it still supports a large variety of wildlife.
 The Buni Zom group is a prominent mountain area of Chitral in the Hindu Kush range of Pakistan. It rises about 50 km (30 mi) northeast of the town of Chitral and about 50 km (30 mi) east of Tirich Mir the highest peak in the Hindu Kush.In 1957 the New Zealanders W.K.A. Berry and C.H.
 Derwent Reservoir is a reservoir on the River Derwent on the border between County Durham and Northumberland in England. It is west of Consett.It is one of the biggest inland waters in England.
 Morskie Oko (Slovak: Morské oko; Hungarian: Halastó literally Eye of the Sea) is the largest and fourth deepest lake in the Tatra Mountains. It is located deep within the Tatra National Park Poland in the Rybi Potok Valley at the base of the Mięguszowiecki Summits in Lesser Poland Voivodeship.
 Utva (Russian: Утьва) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Veslyana River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 76 km. The area of drainage basin is 697 km². The source of the river is located in the extreme southwest of Gaynsky District of Perm Krai near the border with Kirov Oblast and Komi Republic. Main tributaries: Chugrum River (right) Yuzhnaya Anva River (left).
 The Great Bitter Lake (Arabic: البحيرة المرة الكبرى‎; transliterated: al-Buhayrah al-Murra al-Kubra) is a salt water lake which is part of the Suez Canal. It is connected to the Small Bitter Lake (Arabic: البحيرة المرة الصغرى; transliterated: al-Buhayrah al-Murra as-Sughra) through which the canal also runs. Before the canal was built their site was occupied by dry salt valleys.Together the Bitter Lakes have a surface area of about 250 km².
 Steindalshøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Winfield Peak is a 13077 feet (3986 m) tall peak in Chafee County Colorado United States 2 miles north of the ghost town of Winfield Colorado.
 Komering River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Musi River.
 The Valea Orății River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Gråhyrnerene is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Henry Fork is a tributary of the West Fork Little Kanawha River 21.8 miles (35.1 km) long in west-central West Virginia in the United States. Via the West Fork and the Little Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 91 square miles (240 km2) in a rural region on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 Bintuni Bay (Indonesian:Teluk Bintuni) is the eastward extension or inner bay of Berau Bay off Bird's Head Peninsula of New Guinea. Administratively it is part of West Papua (region) Indonesia. The bay is 12 miles (19.3 km) wide at its entrance and the land on both sides is marsh.
 The Mătrăguna River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 Buruntza (441 m) is a minor mount in the Basque Country (Spain) 12 km south of San Sebastian. Several towns lie at its foot namely Andoain (S) Lasarte-Oria (N) and Urnieta (E). The mount stretches out in a north-east to south-west disposition starting at the pass of Azkorte (hermitage) on to a quarry at the southern end by the neighbourhood Buruntza in Andoain. The mount rises opposite to Adarra (E) and stands in turn to the east of the mountain Andatza (562 m).
 The Uffington White Horse is a highly stylized prehistoric hill figure 110 m long (374 feet) formed from deep trenches filled with crushed white chalk. The figure is situated on the upper slopes of White Horse Hill in the English civil parish of Uffington (in the county of Oxfordshire historically Berkshire) some 8 km (5 mi) south of the town of Faringdon and a similar distance west of the town of Wantage; or 25 km south of Uffington.
 Grimaldi is a large basin located near the western limb of the Moon. It lies to the southwest of the Oceanus Procellarum and southeast of the crater Riccioli. Between Oceanus Procellarum is Damoiseau and to the north is Lohrmann.The inner wall of Grimaldi has been so heavily worn and eroded by subsequent impacts that it forms a low irregular ring of hills ridges and peaks rather than a typical crater rim. However there are peaks remaining that reach heights of over 2 kilometers.
 Iso Lamujärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Siikajoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Northern Ostrobothnia in Finland.
 The Eastern Sudetes (Polish: Sudety Wschodnie Czech: Východní Sudety or Jesenická oblast) are the Eastern part of the Sudetes mountains on the border of the Czech Republic and Poland. They stretch from the Kłodzko Valley and the Nysa Kłodzka River in the west down to the Moravian Gate in the east leading to the Outer Western Carpathians.
 The Bolanos River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Buchanan River is a river in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
 Leum Uilleim is a mountain in Lochaber Highland Scotland which is best known for its appearance in the film Trainspotting. It is situated about 3 km south-west of the remote Corrour railway station but is considerably further from any road.
 The Pearl River is a river in the U.S. state of Mississippi and Louisiana. It forms in Neshoba County Mississippi from the confluence of Nanih Waiya and Tallahaga creeks. It is 715 km (444 miles) long. The Yockanookany and Strong rivers are tributaries on the upper section and the Bogue Chitto is a tributary on the lower section.
 Lake Hopatcong is the largest freshwater body in New Jersey United States about 4 square miles (10 km²) in area. Located 30 miles from the Delaware River and 40 miles from New York City the lake is within the borders of both Sussex and Morris counties in the state's northern mountains known as the New Jersey Highlands. Lake Hopatcong was produced by damming and flooding of two ponds known as the Great Pond and Little Pond and the Musconetcong River its natural outlet.
 Mount Passaconaway is a mountain in the Sandwich Range Wilderness of the White Mountain National Forest near the eastern boundary of Waterville Valley. It is named after Passaconaway a 16th-century sachem of the Pennacook tribe whose name was also attached to a small village in Albany where the northern trailhead is now located.It is ranked 42d in elevation on the list of 48 White Mountains four-thousand footers.
 The Castaño Viejo River is a river of Argentina.30°59′0″S 69°34′0″W
 Monte Sciguello is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines.
 Devils Lake is the name of a few lakes in the U.S. state of Michigan.The largest Devils Lake is in Lenawee County on the boundary between Woodstock Township and Rollin Township. The community of Devils Lake is on the northern end of the lake and Manitou Beach is at the southwest end. Together the communities are part of a census-designated place named Manitou Beach-Devils Lake that encompasses the entire lake and the smaller Round Lake to the southeast.
 The Rodbav River is a tributary of the Cincu River in Romania.
 Mount Nivelle is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after Marshall Robert Nivelle and is one of the series of mountains there named after French generals of the First World War including Cordonnier Foch Joffre Mangin and Pétain.
 The Yahuecas River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Pate Hole is a cave located adjacent to Asby Gill 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) south of Great Asby in Cumbria England. It is 970 metres (3180 ft) long and has a vertical range of 33 metres (108 ft). The entrance is normally dry but in flood it becomes an impressive resurgence.It consists of three main passages. From the entrance a stooping height passage heading south-east reaches a large 6 metres (20 ft) deep pool after 330 metres (1080 ft) from which a stream emerges.
 The Valea Babei River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 The Laguna de Santa Rosa is a 14-mile (23 km) long wetland complex that drains a 254-square mile (658-square kilometer) watershed encompassing most of the Santa Rosa Plain in Sonoma County California USA.
 Clapboard Creek is a tributary of Matawan Creek in Monmouth County New Jersey in the United States.Clapboard Creek is located entirely within Aberdeen Township flowing east into Matawan Creek.
 Storån is a river in Sweden.
 The Tecopa Hills are a mountain range of the Mojave Desert in extreme eastern Inyo County California.They are east of lower Death Valley and the Amargosa Range near the Amargosa River and Tecopa California
 The Gulf of Gonâve (French: Golfe de la Gonâve) is a large gulf along the western coast of Haiti. Haiti's capital city Port-au-Prince is located on the coast of the gulf. Other cities on the gulf coast include Gonaïves Saint-Marc Miragoâne and Jérémie. Several islands are located in the gulf the largest being Gonâve Island followed by the much smaller Cayemites.
 Romanija (Serbian: Романија) is a mountain and geographical region in eastern Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina including the main towns of Pale Sokolac and Han Pijesak to the north of Sarajevo. It is administratively part of Sarajevo-Romanija Region.
 Říp Mountain (Czech: hora Říp IPA: [ˈɦora ˈr̝iːp] ) also known as Říp Hill is a 459 m solitary hill rising up from the central Bohemian flatland where according to legend the first Czechs settled.
 The East Humboldt Range is a line of mountains in northeastern Nevada in the Great Basin region of the western United States. It is located in central Elko County in the upper watershed of the Humboldt River which flows to the southwest from its source just north of the range.The East Humboldts run north-to-south for approximately 30 miles (48 km). To the north are Interstate 80 and the community of Wells while to the south are Secret Pass the larger Ruby Range and Ruby Valley.
 The Reinhardswald is a range of hills up to 472.2 m above sea level and covering an area of over 200 km² in the Weser Uplands in the district of Kassel Hesse (Germany). Of this 183 km² are part of the unparished area known as Gutsbezirk Reinhardswald.The Reinhardswald – home to countless myths and legends like the Grimm's Fairy Tales – is renowned country-wide especially for the Sleeping Beauty castle of Sababurg.
 Mansiri Himal is a small high subrange of the Himalaya in north-central Nepal about 100 km northwest of Kathmandu. The Marsyangdi River separates the Mansiri from the Annapurnas to the southwest then an upper tributary Dudh Khola separates Peri Himal to the northwest. On the east side the Burhi (Budhi) Gandaki separates the Mansiri from Ganesh Himal Serang or Sringi Himal and Kutang Himal.
 Lake Templene is a 900-acre (360 ha) artificial lake in St. Joseph County Michigan. It was created in the early 1970s by damming the Prairie River.
 Myall River an open semi-mature brackish freshwater barrier estuary of the Great Lakes system is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Reynolds Channel is a strait in Nassau County New York which separates a barrier island that contains the City of Long Beach and the villages of Atlantic Beach and Lido Beach from Long Island and Barnum Island. The channel begins at the East Rockaway Inlet and ends at Point Lookout where it merges with the Jones Inlet. Four bridges cross the channel: the Atlantic Beach Bridge; the Long Island Rail Road's Long Beach Branch bridge; the Long Beach Boulevard Bridge; and the Loop Parkway Bridge.
 Monte Antola is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located between the provinces of Genoa and Alessandria. It lies at an altitude of 1547 metres and lies within the Antola Regional Park.
 The Almont is a river in the Ile-de-France region of northern France. It traverses the department of Seine-et-Marne for a total length of 42 kilometres (26 mi) and empties into the Seine.Its source is located between the towns of Nangis and Rampillon.
 The Limbuş River ( Hungarian: Limbus-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 The Teascul River is a tributary of the Puriștoaca River in Romania.
 The Middle Finger is a mountain in the Five Fingers Group a group of summits on the divide between Pitt Lake and Coquitlam Lake and north of Widgeon Lake in British Columbia Canada.The Middle Finger is the highest of the group.
 The Dwaar Kill is a 22.3-mile-long (35.9 km) tributary of the Wallkill River in Orange and Ulster counties in the U.S. state of New York. It is the Wallkill's second-longest tributary after the Shawangunk Kill whose course it parallels somewhat to the east. Like the Wallkill and the Shawangunk which also has a tributary named the Dwaar Kill it flows in a northeastern direction toward the Hudson River via Rondout Creek. Unlike them it flows entirely through rural areas.
 The Gârla Morilor River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Kura (Russian: Кура) is a river in Stavropol Krai Russia. The river is approximately 150 km long. It flows from North Caucasus and ends in Nogai steppe. Novopavlovsk a town of 23235 founded in 1777 is located on the left bank of the river.
 The Chayanta River is a river in the Potosí Department of Bolivia.
 Mount Nyū (乳 Nyū) is a stratovolcano of the Northern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group in Koumi Nagano Prefecture Japan. This mountain is part of the Yatsugatake-Chūshin Kōgen Quasi-National Park.
 The Tehereu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Monte Jayuya is the second highest peak of Puerto Rico measuring 1296 meters (4252 ft) above sea level. The mountain is located in the Cordillera Central on the border between the municipalities of Jayuya (Barrio Saliente) and Ponce (Barrio Anón). It is located in the Toro Negro State Forest.
 Ūla is a river in Dzūkija National Park in southern Lithuania.The total length of the river is 84 km. Ūla flows into Merkys.
 The Rivière Grise is a river of Haiti.
 Lake Toxaway is the largest privately held lake in North Carolina. The lake developed by the Lake Toxaway Company is man-made and covers 640 acres (2.6 km2) 60 feet (18 m) and the shoreline is 14 miles (23 km). Water sources for the lake include multiple free flowing mountain streams with the Toxaway River being the main source. The lake flows out onto Toxaway Falls and then continues down the Toxaway River.The main road through the Lake Toxaway area is U.S.
 The Paltinu River is a tributary of the Nadoşa River in Romania.
 Mount Yoko (横岳 Yoko-dake) also Mount Kita Yoko is an active lava dome located in the Northern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group of the Yatsugatake Mountains Honshū Japan. Mount Yoko has shown the most recent activity and is now considered an active volcano. It last erupted about 800 years ago. The eruption consisted of ash with a lava flow of some 3 million cubic meters. The eruption was dated by corrected radiocarbon dating. The next previous eruption was in or after 400 BCE.
 The Izvorul Pușcarului River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 The Alzou is a river in the Aveyron département southern France a right tributary of the Aveyron. Its source is in Goutrens. It flows into the Aveyron in Villefranche-de-Rouergue.
 Lake Ermistu (Estonian: Ermistu järv; also known as Lake Tõstamaa) is a 449.5 ha (1111 acres) lake in southwestern Estonia. Administratively it belongs to the Ermistu village in Tõstamaa Parish Pärnu County.
 The Ahmik River is a 5.2-mile-long (8.4 km) tributary of the Saint Louis River of Minnesota United States.
 The Păltinișul Mare River is a headwater of the Păltiniş River in Romania.
 Hammergraben is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Mataruna River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The River Rivelin is a river in Sheffield South Yorkshire England.It rises on the Hallam moors in north west Sheffield and joins the River Loxley (at Malin Bridge). The Rivelin Valley through which the river flows is a three and a half mile long woodland valley which includes the popular Rivelin Valley Nature Trail that was created in 1967.
 The Umfolozi River (also uMfolozi Imfolozi or Mfolozi) is a river in KwaZulu-Natal a province of South Africa. It is formed by the confluence of the Black (Imfolozi emnyama) and White Umfolozi (Imfolozi emhlope) Rivers near the southeastern boundary of the Hluhluwe-Umfolozi Game Reserve.
 Alambique Creek is a 2.7-mile-long (4.3 km) stream located in San Mateo County California in the United States. It is part of the San Francisquito Creek watershed.
 John C. Boyle Reservoir is an artificial impoundment behind John C. Boyle Dam on the Klamath River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The lake is 16 miles (26 km) west-southwest of Klamath Falls along Oregon Route 66.The dam is at about river mile (RM) 225 or river kilometer (RK) 362 about 10 miles (16 km) by river downstream of the community of Keno.
 The Ulmuşor River (or Pârâul Sărat) is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 The Tutaekuri River flows through the Hawke's Bay Region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand. It flows east from the Kaweka Range reaching the Pacific Ocean just to the south of Napier and Taradale where the Ngaruroro and Clive Rivers join it.Starting roughly 30 kilometers east of Taihape the Tutaekuri River flows for a distance of 99.9 kilometers.Ngāti Paarau which is the local hapū (sub-tribe) are said to have disposed of their waste food in this river.
 Harridge Pike is a hill situated within the boundaries of Stalybridge Greater Manchester just outside the Peak District National Park. Its western flank rises from the valley of the River Tame to a height of 395 metres. To the east the pike falls away more gradually to Swineshaw Moor which above the Swineshaw reservoirs rises to Irontongue Hill a broad shoulder of Hoarstone Edge. Since 2004 the moorland in the area of the pike has been classed as access land.
 The Bourne Brook or Black Brook as it is known in its upper reaches is a tributary of the River Tame in Staffordshire England.
 The Băbiu River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Rushan Range is a mountain range in south-western Pamir in Tajikistan trending in the south-westerly direction from Sarez Lake toward Khorog between Gunt River to the south and Bartang River to the north. About 120 km long reaching its highest elevation of 6083 m at Patkhor Peak (also Patkhur Tajik: Паххор). Rushan Range on the pushpin map is represented by the coordinates of Patkhor Peak.
 The Fântâna lui Gal River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Mucajaí River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Comanche Point is the northwestern most elevation of the Tejon Hills where they extend into the San Joaquin Valley in Kern County California.
 The Meadow Valley Mountains is a mountain range in Lincoln and Clark counties in southern Nevada. The range is a narrow north to northeast trending ridgeline with a length of about 40 miles (64 km).
 Auf der Baar is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Huerfano River is a 113-mile-long (182 km) tributary of the Arkansas River that flows from a source on Blanca Peak in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of Colorado. It joins the Arkansas in Pueblo County just south of the town of Boone.One major tributary is the Cucharas River.
 The Broadkill River is a river flowing to Delaware Bay in southern Delaware in the United States. It is 13.3 miles (21 km) long and drains an area of 110 square miles (285 km²) on the Atlantic Coastal Plain.The Broadkill flows for its entire length in eastern Sussex County. It issues from Wagamons Pond in the town of Milton; the pond is fed by two tributaries known as Ingram Branch and Pemberton Branch.
 Mailinger Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Gannett Peak is the highest peak in the U.S. state of Wyoming and straddles the boundary between Fremont and Sublette Counties along the Continental Divide.
 The Lago di Ogliastro is an artificial lake in the province of Enna and the province of Catania Sicily Italy. The lake gets its waters from the river Gornalunga.
 The Pișcani River is a tributary of the Plapcea Mică River in Romania.
 Furesø is a lake in Northeastern Zealand Denmark. It defined Farum municipality's southeast border and is the site of Nicolai Eigtved's 18th century small pleasure pavilion for Privy Councillor Johan Sigismund Schulin on the Furesø Lake called Frederiksdal Pavilion.It is the namesake of Furesø municipality which was formed January 1 2007 as a merger of the two former municipalities Farum and Værløse. It has a popular beach on its western shore which is within the municipality.
 The Midway Range is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains located between the Kettle and Granby Rivers in British Columbia Canada.
 Company Lake is a lake of Inverness County in north-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Huichahue River is a river of Chile.
 Tyaughton Lake also known as Tyoax Lake or Tyax Lake is a lake in the Bridge River Country of the West-Central Interior of British Columbia Canada located to the north of Carpenter Lake a reservoir along the Bridge River formed by Terzaghi Dam of the Bridge River Power Project. Among the largest of a number of well-known fishing lakes located in valleys flanking the Bridge River its name is an adaptation of a Chilcotin word meaning jumping fish.
 Sgùrr nan Ceannaichean is a Scottish mountain situated 13 kilometres south west of Achnasheen on the southern side of Glen Carron within the Glencarron and Glenuig Forest in the Ross and Cromarty district of the Highland council area.
 Puma Peak it is located in the Palliser Range in Alberta.
 Lough Neagh sometimes Loch Neagh /ˌlɒx ˈneɪ/ is a freshwater lake in Northern Ireland. It is the largest lake in Northern Ireland supplying forty percent of its water; the biggest on the island of Ireland the biggest by area in the United Kingdom and the biggest by area in the British Isles. Its name comes from Irish: Loch nEachach meaning Lake of Eachaidh although today it is usually spelt Loch nEathach (Irish: [ɫ̪ɔx ˈn̠ʲahax]) in Gaelic.
 Seymour Canal is an inlet penetrating deep into the southeastern part of Admiralty Island Southeast Alaska United States. The inlet was first charted in 1794 by Joseph Whidbey master of the HMS Discovery during George Vancouver's 1791–95 expedition. Vancouver later named it Seymour's Channel. Two large islands are located within it: Swan Island to the north and Tiedeman Island just to its south.
 Lamitz is a river of Bavaria Germany whose source lies on the slopes of the Bergkopf mountain.
 The Dealu Mare River is a tributary of the Trestiana River in Romania.
 Seruini River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Storakersvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The lake lies about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of the town of Mo i Rana and less than 900 metres (3000 ft) from the border with Sweden. The original lake was only 15.9 square kilometres (6.1 sq mi) but a dam was built at the northern end so that it can serve as a reservoir for the Rana power station. This dam has caused the lake to enlarge to an area of 42.3 square kilometres (16.3 sq mi).
 The Nigerpass (Italian: Passo Nigra; German: Nigerpass) (1688 m) is a high mountain pass in the Dolomites in the province of South Tyrol in Italy.It connects the Tierser Tal with the Karerpass. The pass lies below the Rosengarten massif and borders on the Schlern Nature Preserve. The pass road was built in 1957 and has a maximum grade of 24% making it the steepest pass in Italy. It is nevertheless open year-round.
 The Middle Fork John Day River is a 73-mile (117 km) tributary of the North Fork John Day River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It originates in the Blue Mountains of northeast Oregon in the Malheur National Forest near Austin and flows generally west to the North Fork about 18 miles (29 km) above Monument.
 Saratov Reservoir (Russian: Саратовское водохрани́лище) is an artificial lake in the lower part of the Volga River in Russia formed by the dam of the Saratov Hydroelectric Station situated in the city of Balakovo. Filling of the reservoir started in 1967. The uppermost point of the reservoir is situated in Tolyatti it stretches through Samara Oblast and Saratov Oblast. The city of Samara and the Samara Bend are situated on the reservoir.
 Fenagh Crater is a crater in the Cebrenia quadrangle of Mars located at 34.67° North and 215.77° West. It is 6.3 km in diameter and was named after a town in Ireland.
 Holly Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Holly Lake is situated in Paintbrush Canyon and is .70 miles (1.13 km) SSW of Mount Woodring.
 The Grotta del Cavallone also known as the Grotta della Figlia di Jorio is a remarkable cave located near Lama dei Peligni in the province of Chieti Abruzzo Italy. It is open during the warmer months; an admission fee is charged.
 Pointe de Claret is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3355 metres above sea level.
 Pukarahu (Quechua puka red rahu snow ice mountain with snow red snow covered mountain hispanicized spelling Pucaraju in some maps Pacaraju) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5025 metres (16486 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Mariscal Luzuriaga Province Lucma District in the Pomabamba Province Llumpa District and in the Yungay Province Yanama District.
 The Plăieşti River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 The Tollense (German pronunciation: [tɔˈlɛnzə]) is a river in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern in northeastern Germany right tributary of the Peene. The river starts as the outflow of the lake Tollensesee in Neubrandenburg. The Tollense is 68 km long and empties into the river Peene in Demmin.
 The Costeni River is a tributary of the Dobricu river in Romania.
 The Świna (German: Swine; Pomeranian: Swina) is a river in Poland flowing from the Oder Lagoon to the Baltic Sea between the islands of Uznam and Wolin. It is a part of the Oder River estuary and carries about 75% of that river's waterflow (of the remainder Peenestrom carries 15% and Dziwna 10%). It has a length of about 16 km. Świnoujście is a major town on the river.The German Empire dammed and deepened the river from 1874-1880 to create the Kaiserfahrt (Piast canal).
 Lake Lyndon B. Johnson (more commonly referred to as Lake LBJ and originally named Lake Granite Shoals) is a reservoir on the Colorado River in the Texas Hill Country in the United States. The reservoir was formed in 1950 by the construction of Granite Shoals Dam by the Lower Colorado River Authority. The Colorado River and the Llano River meet in the northern portion of the lake.The lake was originally called Lake Granite Shoals. The dam would be renamed Wirtz Dam in 1952 for Alvin J.
 The Šumera is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 23.6 kilometres and has a basin area of 89 km². The river flows into the Obelis River a tributary of the Nevėžis River which is in turn a tributary of the Neman River.
 The Doncea River or Donca River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania
 Donald's Hill (Irish: Cnoc Dhónaill) is a hill in the middle of County Londonderry Northern Ireland. The summit reaches 399 metres above sea level and classifies as a Marilyn.
 The Shinmachi River (新町川 shinmachigawa) is a river found in the heart of Tokushima City in Tokushima Prefecture.It has the Suketō River Tamiya River Sako River and Sumiyoshijima River as its tributaries.At current the non-profit organization Shinmachi Preservation Committee is in charge of keeping the river clean and holding tours around the river via boat.
 The Little Goolengook River is a perennial river of the Bemm River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Lake Rotokakahi or Green Lake is one of four small lakes lying between Lake Rotorua and Lake Tarawera in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand's North Island. The others are Lake Tikitapu (Blue Lake) Lake Okareka and Lake Okataina. All lie within the Okataina caldera along its western edge.Named for its abundance of kakahi (freshwater mussels) it flows to Lake Tarawera via the Te Wairoa waterfalls. From the air the lake looks emerald green due to its shallow sandy bottom.
 Lake Okutama (奥多摩湖 Okutama-ko) is in Tokyo and Yamanashi Prefectures in Japan. Lying above the Ogōchi Dam it is also known as the Ogōchi Reservoir. Lake Okutama is an important source of drinking water for Tokyo.
 Mount Chocorua (IPA: /ʃʌˈkɔʊˌɹwə/) is a summit in the White Mountains of New Hampshire. At an elevation of 3490 feet (1064 m) it is the easternmost peak of the Sandwich Range. Although the range is not outstanding for its elevation it is very rugged and has excellent views of the surrounding lakes mountains and forests. Mount Chocorua's bare summit can be seen from almost every direction and can be identified from many points throughout central New Hampshire and western Maine.
 The Jiul de Est River (previously also known as Jiul Unguresc River) is a headwater of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Graham Moore Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Located off northern Bathurst Island the bay is an arm of Viscount Melville Sound.It was named by Sir William Edward Parry in honor of Vice-Admiral Sir Graham Moore.
 The Chipiriri River is a river of Bolivia.
 Le Pouce (French: The Thumb) is the third highest mountain in Mauritius at 812 meters (2664 feet). Only Piton de la Petite Rivière Noire (828 m) and Pieter Both (820 m) are taller. It is named Le Pouce because of the thumb-shaped peak of the mountain. It can be viewed from the capital of Mauritius Port Louis and is a popular hike for the view of the city. The mountain is in the Moka Range and is closest to the village of La Laura-Malenga in the Moka District.
 The Elster Mountains (German: Elstergebirge Czech: Halštrovské hory) is a small range of hills in Saxony and the Czech Republic to the west of the Ore Mountains.
 The Kasalka Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges located between Tahtsa Lake and Troitsa Lake in northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Chocolate Mountains of California are located in Imperial County and Riverside County in the Colorado Desert in Southern California. The mountains stretch more than 60 miles (100 km) in a northwest to southeast direction and are located east of the Salton Sea and south and west of the Chuckwalla Mountains and the Colorado River. To the northwest lie the Orocopia Mountains.
 Waughop Lake is a lake less than 1.6 km (1.0 mi) east of Steilacoom in Pierce County Washington United States. The lake lies within Fort Steilacoom Park in the city of Lakewood Washington. Waughop Lake has a surface area of approximately 33 acres (130000 m2) and a mean depth of 7 feet (2.1 m). The lake is fed by groundwater and has no surface drainage channels.The lake is named after Dr. John Wesley Waughop former superintendent of the Washington State Hospital for the Insane.
 The Râul cu Viorele is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 Sonora Pass (el. 9624 ft. / 2933 m.) is the second-highest highway pass in the Sierra Nevada lower by 321 ft. (about 98 m.) than Tioga Pass to the south. State Route 108 traverses the pass.
 Iaco River is a river of Acre and Amazonas states in western Brazil.
 Cheonbosan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. It can be found in the city of Yangju. Cheonbosan has an elevation of 336.8 m (1105 ft).
 The Cianod River is a tributary of the Lăzarea River in Romania.
 Parauari River is a tributary of the Maués Açu River of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil. It lies about 300 km southeast of Manaus the capital.
 The Dunajec is a river running through southern Poland. It is the right tributary of the Vistula River. It begins in Nowy Targ at the junction of two short mountain rivers Czarny Dunajec and Biały Dunajec (Black and White Dunajec). Dunajec forms a border between Poland and Slovakia for 27 kilometers in the Pieniny Środkowe (Slovak: Centrálne Pieniny) range east of the Czorsztyn reservoir.
 The Langa River is a tributary of the Teslui River in Romania.
 Lime Creek is a 26.8-mile-long (43.1 km) waterway of Minnesota and tributary of the Des Moines River.
 Smrk (Polish: Smrek; German: Tafelfichte) is the highest mountain in the Czech part of the Jizera Mountains. Rising 1124 m (3688 ft) it is sometimes known as The King of the Jizera mountains
 The Oswego River /ɒsˈwiːɡoʊ/ is a river in upstate New York in the United States. This river is the second-largest river (after the Niagara River) flowing into Lake Ontario. James Fenimore Cooper’s novel The Pathfinder or The Inland Sea is set in the Oswego River valley. The name Oswego is a Mohawk Indian name that literally means place of the flowing out or more familiarly the mouth of the stream.
 Eaglenest Mountain (also known as Eagles Nest Mountain) is a mountain located 2 miles south of Maggie Valley North Carolina in Haywood County. It is part of the Plott Balsams a range of the Appalachian Mountains and less than a mile south of North Eaglenest Mountain a higher mountain which used to be called Mount Junaluska and is the highest mountain overlooking Lake Junaluska from the southwest. The closest town that is accessible by road is Hazelwood.
 The Usabón river is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Langvatnet (Lule Sami: Guhkesjávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. The 13.97-square-kilometre (5.39 sq mi) lake is located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) northeast of the village of Straumen just north of Rago National Park and the border with Sweden.
 Franklin Bay (69°40′N 125°30′W) is a large inlet in the Northwest Territories Canada. It is a southern arm of the Amundsen Gulf southeastern Beaufort Sea. The bay measures 48 km (30 mi) long and 40 km (25 mi) wide at its mouth. The Parry Peninsula is to the east and its southern area is called Langton Bay. Franklin Bay receives the Horton River. There are gales in the early winter months.Franklin Bay was named in honor of Arctic explorer Sir John Franklin by John Richardson in 1826.
 The Conambo River is a river of Ecuador.
 Alder is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It is located in the South Pole-Aitken basin and lies to the southeast of the crater Von Kármán. Southeast of Alder is Bose and to the south-southwest lies Boyle.The inner wall of Alder is rough and slightly terraced with the material scattered across the edges of the otherwise relatively flat interior floor.
 The Sierra Nevada (meaning snowy range in Spanish) is a mountain range in the region of Andalucia provinces of Granada and Almería in Spain.
 Sarektjåkkå is the second highest mountain in Sweden and the highest mountain in the Laponian area at 2089 metres AMSL. The mountain is located close to the eastern border of Sarek National Park about 23 kilometres south-west of Suorva.
 The Sbanț River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania.
 Mount Saint Nicholas is a peak in the remote southwestern section of Glacier National Park in Montana United States. It is a particularly steep pointed rock pinnacle and its distinctive profile is visible from many summits in the southern half of the park.
 Pico Peak is a mountain located in Rutland County Vermont. It is the northernmost summit of the Coolidge Range in the Green Mountains and the second highest after Killington Peak. Pico Peak is flanked to the south by Ramshead Peak and to the north faces Deer Leap Mountain across Sherburne Pass. The peak's name may stem from the Abnaki for the pass/opening or indeed from the Spanish or Portuguese word for peak Pico. Seen from Sherburne Pass the summit resembles a cone.
 The Little Dry River is a 10.9-mile-long (17.5 km) tributary of the North Fork Shenandoah River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It rises in Rockingham County just east of the Virginia-West Virginia border near the crest of Shenandoah Mountain and flows east joining the North Fork just west of the village of Fulks Run.
 Guariquito River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Chocolate Glacier is located on east slopes of Glacier Peak in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier descends from 10400 ft (3200 m) to 5900 ft (1800 m) and is partially connected to Cool Glacier which lies to its south just below the summit of Glacier Peak. As is true with all the glaciers found on Glacier Peak Chocolate Glacier is retreating.
 The Copper Mountains is a minor north-south trending mountain range only 8 miles long in southwestern Arizona in the southwestern Sonoran Desert.The Copper Mountains lie east of Yuma Arizona and east of the Yuma Desert; also east of the Gila and Tinajas Altas Mountains. It lies on an extensive north-sloping desert plain that drains into the Gila River floodplain close to its confluence and outlet into the southern Colorado River in the Lower Colorado River Valley.
 Reedy Lake historically also known as Lake Reedy is a shallow 5.5 square kilometres (2.1 sq mi) freshwater lake or swamp on the lower reaches of the Barwon River on the Bellarine Peninsula near the city Geelong Victoria Australia. It is included in the Lake Connewarre State Game Reserve which is managed by Parks Victoria.
 The Izvorul Cailor River is a tributary of the Novăţ River in Romania.
 The Laguna Melincué is an endorheic lake located in the province of Santa Fe Argentina in the General López Department next to the town of Melincué at approximately 33°42′24″S 61°29′4″W. It covers a surface area of about 120 km² and its top water level lies at around 86 m above mean sea level (c. 2003).The lake forms part of a wetland ecosystem noted for its large population of waterfowl and other birds which is protected as a nature reserve.
 Weilbach (Main) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Gründleinsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Oterei River is a river of the southern Wairarapa in the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows initially northwest before turning south to reach Cook Strait 30 kilometres northeast of Cape Palliser.
 The Birkenhead River formerly known as the Portage River the Pole River and the Mosquito River is a major tributary of the Lillooet River which via Harrison Lake and the Harrison River is one of the major tributaries of the lower Fraser River.
 Unicorn Glacier is in Mount Rainier National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the northwest slope of Unicorn Peak. Unicorn Glacier is a semi-permanent snowfield but is listed on older United States Geological Survey maps.
 Short Mountain is a mountain ridge that runs southwest northeast through Hampshire and Hardy counties in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle rising to its greatest elevation at Bald Knob near Arkansas West Virginia. Short Mountain's name is derived from its original name of Short Arse Mountain.
 Teufelstättkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 This article is about the mountain in Virginia. For other uses see Cedar Mountain (disambiguation) and Cedar Mountains (disambiguation).Cedar Mountain also known as Slaughter Mountain is a piedmont monadnock in Culpeper County Virginia. The 800 feet (240 m) ridge is 7 miles (11 km) south of the town of Culpeper and just to the northwest of the northern tip of the Southwest Mountains at Clark Mountain.
 Seminole Draw is a river in Texas.
 Isla Zacate Grande is a stratovolcano in Honduras. The volcano forms a 7 x 10 km wide island in the Gulf of Fonseca and has seven satellite cones including Guegensi Island located 3 km from Zacate Grande.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Lake Gogebic (/ɡoʊˈɡiː.bɪk/ go-GEE-bik) is the largest lake of the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. It is located within the 1 million acre (4000 km²) Ottawa National Forest. Lake Gogebic State Park is located along its western shore.It is in the far western end of the Upper Peninsula close to the Wisconsin border and in parts of two counties Gogebic County and Ontonagon County.
 Black Cap is a mountain located in the town of Conway New Hampshire United States. It is located between Kearsarge North Mountain and Peaked Mountain. The rocky summit provides views of Maine and New Hampshire's White Mountains.Cranmore Mountain Resort is located on its western subpeak Cranmore Mountain.Black Cap is part of a north-south-trending ridge known as the Green Hills.
 Whaley Lake is located in the town of Pawling in southeastern Dutchess County in New York State United States. The lake is partially man-made as it is controlled by a dam at its northern end. The lake feeds into the Fishkill Creek which empties into the Hudson River at Beacon New York.The Lake is accessible via New York State Route 292 which runs along the south and west sides of the lake.
 Mount Onnebetsu (遠音別岳 Onnebetsu-dake) is a quaternary stratovolcano. Its summit is 1330.2 metres (4364 ft). It is located on Hokkaido's Shiretoko Peninsula on the border of Shari in Shari District Abashiri and Rausu in Menashi District Nemuro.
 Hoffmeister is a lunar crater that is located on the Moon's far side to the northwest of the huge walled plain Mendeleev. Some distance to the north of Hoffmeister lies the crater Siedentopf and to the west-northwest is Gavrilov.This is a somewhat eroded crater with Hoffmeister N attached to the southern rim. A small crater with a high albedo lies along the common rim between Hoffmeister and this satellite. A small crater also lies along the northwestern rim of Hoffmeister.
 Maitland Volcano was a Pliocene age shield volcano in the western Cassiar Mountains of northwestern British Columbia Canada. In the course of one million years Maitland Volcano was formed on a mature eroded Tertiary surface by rifting of the North American continent as thin alkali olivine basalt and hawaiite lava flows covered the surrounding area.
 Pocok Leok is a volcano in the western side of Flores island Indonesia. The volcano was considered to be an irregular shaped of caldera but evidence about caldera is problematical. No pyroclastic flow deposits associated with the caldera and its geological records are poorly known. However Pocok Leok is listed in the active volcano list of Indonesia because of four fumarole activities in the area.
 Currumbin Creek is a large creek on the Gold Coast in Queensland Australia running from Mount Cougal in the west to its mouth at Currumbin Alley in the east. It is approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) in length. It provides a popular and tranquil setting for many rowing clubs kayakers jet skiers boat-goers and fishermen.
 The Laramie River is a tributary of the North Platte River approximately 280 miles (450 km) long in the U.S. states of Colorado and Wyoming. The river was named for Jacques La Ramie a fur trapper who visited the area in the early 19th century. Laramie County Wyoming the city of Laramie and other geographical entities in the region have Laramie in their names.
 The Venediger Group (German: Venedigergruppe) is a sub-group of the Austrian Central Alps in the Eastern Alps. Together with the Ankogel Group the Goldberg Group the Glockner Group the Schober Group the Kreuzeck Group the Granatspitze Group the Villgraten Mountains and the Rieserferner Group the Venediger Group forms the main range known as the High Tauern.
 Mont Orohena is a mountain located in the South Pacific on the island of Tahiti. With an elevation of 2241 metres (7352 ft) above sea level it is the highest point of French Polynesia. Mont Orohena is an extinct volcano.[citation needed]
 Thierberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Geisberg (Geisberger Forst) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Spruce Knob at 4863 feet (1482 m) is the highest point in the state of West Virginia and the summit of Spruce Mountain the highest peak in the Allegheny Mountains.
 The Little Bostonnais river flows westbound in the city of La Tuque in Mauricie in Quebec in Canada.
 The Broad River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Census division 23 in Northern Manitoba Canada. Its flows from an unnamed lake to Hudson Bay.The river is crossed north of the settlement of O'Day by the Hudson Bay Railway travelled by the Via Rail Winnipeg – Churchill train.A large portion of the river from its mouth upstream is part of Wapusk National Park.
 Endau River is flows through the Malaysian state of Johor and empties to the South China Sea. The river is the namesake of Endau Rompin National Park which is located to the northeast of Johor.
 The Hambleton Hills are a range of hills in North Yorkshire England. They form the western edge of the North York Moors but are separated from the moors by the valley of the River Rye.
 Lake Towada (十和田湖 Towada-ko) is the largest crater lake in Honshū island Japan. Located on the border between Aomori and Akita prefectures it lies 400 meters (1800 ft) above sea level and is 327.0m (1073 ft) depth and is drained by the Oirase river. With a surface area of 61.1 km² Towada is Japan's 12th largest lake its bright blue color is due to its great depth.
 The Faria Timbó River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Ogooué (or Ogowe) some 1200 kilometres (700 mi) long is the principal river of Gabon in west central Africa and the fourth largest river in Africa by volume of discharge trailing only the Congo Niger and Zambezi. Its watershed drains nearly the entire country of Gabon with some tributaries reaching into the Republic of the Congo Cameroon[citation needed] and Equatorial Guinea.
 Loch McNess (also known as Yanchep Lake) is a freshwater lake located near Yanchep. It is named after Sir Charles McNess a wealthy Western Australian philanthropist.Loch McNess is part of a chain of lakes in the northern part of the coastal plain of Perth Western Australia. It is part of the Yanchep National Park and water from the lake is being used to refill the underground lakes in some nearby caves.
 The Flat River is a tributary of the Grand River in the western part of the U.S. state of Michigan. It rises as the outflow of the six lakes (Six Lakes) system in Belvidere Township west of Edmore in Montcalm County. It flows mostly south and slightly west through Montcalm County Ionia County and Kent County flowing into the Grand River in Lowell. Other cities it flows through along the way include Greenville and Belding.Two historic covered bridges cross the river.
 The Little Black River is a 4.5-mile-long (7.2 km) river in Wylie Township in northwestern Red Lake County Minnesota. From its source (47°57′36″N 96°27′00″W) — Goose Lake Swamp in the Pembina State Wildlife Management Area — the river runs south and southeast to the Black River a tributary of the Red Lake River. Its waters ultimately drain via Canada's Nelson River into Hudson Bay.
 Nieme is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Zaldiaran is a 978 metres high mountain part of the Montes de Vitoria mountainous range located on Alava Basque Country (greater region). Even if part of the south face of the mountain is on the Treviño exclave (Burgos) the summit is itself on Alava. Next to the summit some metres below there is the Zaldiarango gaina with a height of 780 metres (2559 ft); a mountain pass that communicates Alava with the Treviño exclave at its highest point where the frontier is located.
 Lago di Acerenza is a lake in the Province of Potenza Basilicata Italy. At an elevation of 455 m its surface area is 2 km².
 Mount Whiteaves is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1920 after Whiteaves Joseph Frederick.
 The Vyškov Gate (Czech: Vyškovská brána Polish: Brama Wyszkówska German: Wischau Pforte Slovak: Vyškovská brána) is a geomorphological feature in the Moravia (Czech Republic). It is formed by the depression between the Carpathian Mountains in the east and the Bohemian massif (Drahánská vrchovina) in the west.
 Corrigasleggaun (Irish: Carraig na Sliogán meaning Rock of the shells) is a mountain in Wicklow in the Wicklow Mountains Ireland. It is the 46th highest summit in Ireland.
 Wiedemer Kopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Staffelsee is a lake in the Garmisch-Partenkirchen district of Bavaria Germany. The settlements of Murnau Seehausen and Uffing lie on its shores. Within its 7 km2 (2.7 sq mi) area lie seven major islands the largest of which is Wörth. Boat trips aboard the MS Seehausen (built 2009) connect the landing stages of Seehausen Uffing and Achele (Murnau) between April and October.
 Brend is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Pârâul de Câmpie River ( Hungarian: Ludas-patak ) also known as Luduș River or Zau de Câmpie River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Dønttinden is a mountain in Vermedalen in Rauma Norway. It is 1676 metres (5499 ft) tall.
 Lake of the Woods is a mountain lake in Wyoming located upstream from Grassy Lake along the Ashton-Flagg Ranch road. It lies in Targhee National Forest between the southern border of Yellowstone National Park and the northern border of Grand Teton National Park. Primary access is from Ashton Idaho or Flagg Ranch Wyoming in the John D. Rockefeller Jr. Memorial Parkway.Camp Loll a Boy Scouts of America camp is located on the lake.
 Walser Hammerspitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. The former name was Schüsser.
 The Pârâul lui Dumitru is a tributary of the Strâmba River in Romania.
 Boathoist Cave (or Boat Hoist Cave) also known as Bulman's Cave is a huge sea cave on the south eastern flank of the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Pelican Lake is one of a trio of lakes that form a small endorheic basin in Cochrane District Ontario Canada. It is about 940 metres (3084 ft) long and 120 metres (394 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 222 metres (728 ft). The lake lies about 13 kilometres (8 mi) north of the community of Calstock.The primary inflow is a small creek that starts at Ptarmigan Lake then flows through Swallow Lake before reaching Pelican Lake which has no outlet.
 Geomunsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1175 m (3855 ft).
 Mount Ermatinger is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1920 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 Woezer See is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 35.1 m its surface area is 0.57 km².
 Ciuacoatl Mons is a mountain on Venus. Its name is derived from the Aztec fertility goddess.sv:Ciuacoatl Mons
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Cicârlău River in Romania.
 Anarjohka (Northern Sami: Anárjohka Norwegian: Anarjokka or Anarjohka Finnish: Inarijoki Swedish: Enare älv) is a tributary of Tana River. It is 152.9 km long with a drainage area of 3151.81 km². The mean discharge at the mouth is 32.96 m³/s. The lower part of the river runs along the Finnish–Norwegian border.
 The Valea Bozii River is a tributary of the Runcu River in Romania.
 The Gemuuma River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Sadog Gago River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 MacKay Lake is the fifth largest lake in the Northwest Territories Canada.
 The Dead Cambridge River is a 9.9-mile-long (15.9 km) river in northwestern Maine. It is a tributary of Lake Umbagog the outflow of which is the Androscoggin River flowing to the tidal Kennebec River and the Atlantic Ocean.
 Krullsbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Männlichen is a 2343 metre mountain in the Swiss Alps located within the Canton of Berne.It can be reached from Wengen by the Wengen–Männlichen aerial cableway or from Grindelwald using the Grindelwald–Männlichen gondola cableway (GM). It then takes 15 minutes to walk to the summit. It is a popular viewpoint over the Lauterbrunnen valley and a popular start location for hikers and skiers.
 Strondefjell is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway.
 Snow Dome (or Ice Dome) is a mountain in the Karakoram range near Concordia in Northern Areas of Pakistan. It lies in the east of Chogolisa Peak (7665 m) and in the southwest of Baltoro Kangri (7312 m).
 Mount Bate is a mountain on Vancouver Island in Strathcona Regional District British Columbia Canada 14 km (9 mi) east of the community of Tahsis and 21 km (13 mi) southwest of Rugged Mountain. Mount Bate is thought to have been named by George Henry Richards for Captain William Thornton Bate RN a surveyor who was killed in the capture of Canton during the Second Opium War in 1857. The mountain is at the head of Canton Gorge another geographical feature named by Richards.
 Warunqucha (Quechua waru basket or platform of a rope bridge to cross rivers / stony ground or place precious stones heaping stone heap -n a suffix qucha lake hispanicized spelling Huaroncocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Pasco Region Pasco Province Huayllay District. It is situated at a height of about 4587 metres (15049 ft) about 9 km long and 2.61 km at its widest point.
 Lyot is a large lunar crater that is located along the southeastern limb of the Moon. It lies within the irregular and patchy lunar mare named Mare Australe and to the south of the crater Hamilton. Due to its location this formation is viewed at a low angle from the Earth and its visibility is affected by libration.The interior floor of this crater has been resurfaced by lava leaving a dark interior with an albedo that matches the surrounding mare.
 The Cârligu River is a tributary of the Straja River in Romania.
 Elk Creek is a 30.4-mile (48.9 km) tributary of Lake Erie in Erie County Pennsylvania in the United States. The creek is part of the Lake Erie Watershed and has a drainage basin of 99.4 square miles (257 km2). Elk Creek is stocked with brown trout and steelhead by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission.
 The Sambú River is a river of Panama.
 Pyhäjärvi (Russian: Пюхяярви) is a lake located mostly in Finland. The southeastern part of the lake is located in Russia.
 Chapman Lake is a reservoir located in Warren County Pennsylvania entirely within the Chapman State Park.
 The Creighton River is a 23.3-mile-long (37.5 km) tributary of the West Branch Manistique River on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States.
 The Varu River is a tributary of the Sibişel River in Romania.
 The Strigoaia River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb River in Romania.
 The Ceahlău Massif (pronounced [t͡ʃe̞ahˈləw] ) is one of the most notorious mountains of Romania. It is part of the Bistriţa Mountains range of the Eastern Carpathians division in Neamţ County in the Moldavia region. The two most important peaks are Toaca (1904 m altitude) and Ocolaşul Mare (1907 m altitude). It is bounded to the east by the Bistriţa River and Lake Bicaz to the south by the Bicaz River.
 Reisberg (Scheßlitz) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Bannalpsee is a lake in the municipality of Wolfenschiessen in the Swiss canton of Nidwalden.The lake's surface area is 16 hectares (40 acres). The construction of the reservoir was decided in 1934 and completed in 1937. The reservoir is operated by Elektrizitätswerk Nidwalden.The lake can be reached by a cable car from Oberrickenbach which in turn is linked by post bus service to Wolfenschiessen station on the Luzern–Stans–Engelberg railway line.
 This article is about the Piney River of East Tennessee. For the river of the same name in Middle Tennessee see Piney River (Middle Tennessee).The Piney River is a stream that drains a portion of Tennessee's Cumberland Plateau generally referred to in the area as Walden Ridge. It rises near the Rhea County – Bledsoe County line and is referred to in its upper reaches roughly until its confluence with Duskin Creek as Piney Creek.
 Lake Rossignol is the largest freshwater lake in Nova Scotia Canada. It is located in the south-western area of the province.
 Parnell Knob is a mountain in the Ridge and Valley Appalachians region of south central Pennsylvania. This knob rises above the village of St. Thomas where Front Mountain and Broad mountain come together. It is a feature sculptured by the hard dense Tuscarora quartzite of the Silurian age. Parnell Knob is conspicuous in that it rises abruptly above the relatively level Great Appalachian Valley.
 The Batten Kill Battenkill or Battenkill River is a 59.4-mile-long (95.6 km) river rising in Vermont that flows into New York and is a tributary of the Hudson River. As Kill means a creek the name Battenkill River is a redundancy.The mouth of the Batten Kill is in Easton New York and the source of the river is in East Dorset Vermont.The river is known for its fishing as it has a prominent trout population.
 The Boul River is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
 The Gruiu Lung River is a tributary of the Murguşa River in Romania.
 Wolftrap Mountain is a mountain in Offaly Ireland. The mountain is 514 metres (1686 ft) high making it the third highest summit in Offaly the fourth highest mountain in the Slieve Bloom Mountains and the 495th highest summit in Ireland. It is the most northerly summit of the Slieve Bloom range.
 The River Seeve is a tributary of the Elbe in northern Germany. It is approximately 40 km (25 mi) long. Its source is near Wehlen in the northern part of the Lüneburg Heath. It flows into the Elbe in Over Seevetal. The municipality of Seevetal is named after this river.
 This article is about a mountain in Pelham Massachusetts. For other mountains by the same name see Mount LincolnMount Lincoln 1240 feet (380 m) is a high point on the Pelham Dome or Pelham Hills an upland plateau overlooking the Connecticut River Valley in Pelham Massachusetts (near Amherst Massachusetts). The mountain is mostly wooded but a fire tower located on the summit provides views of the Holyoke Range and the east-central Pioneer Valley.
 Machchundri River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Gir Forest. Its basin has a maximum length of 59 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 406 km2.
 Hanglip (Afrikaans for hanging lip) is a prominent mountain peak near Louis Trichardt South Africa. It is situated in the Vhembe District of Limpopo in the central Soutpansberg range. The peak with radar station at 1719 meters a.s.l. forms a conspicuous landmark visible from the town and the N1 national road. Hanglip mountain is situated in the 354 hectare Hanglip Forest Reserve within the Hanglip State Forest.
 Elsebach is a creek of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. The spring is near Reingsen a constrict of Schwerte. Here Lollenbach and Reingser Bach merge to form the Elsebach. It empties into the Ruhr.
 The New Meadows River is a 12-mile-long (19 km) tidal river in Maine flowing into the northern end of Casco Bay. It serves as the boundary between Cumberland and Sagadahoc counties for its entire length.It begins in a marsh on the boundary between Brunswick and Bath less than 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Merrymeeting Bay and proceeds southward. West Bath soon becomes the municipality to the east of the river.
 Mount Regan rises 10190 feet (3110 m) above sea level and is a peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area on the border of Boise and Custer counties. The peak is located 1.9 mi (3.1 km) west of Merritt Peak its line parent. The peak is named after Timothy Regan a pioneer who lived in Silver City and then Boise. Mount Regan is located at the southern end of Sawtooth Lake.
 The Ilisos or Ilisus (Greek: Ιλισός) is a river in Athens Greece. Originally a tributary of the Kifissos River it is now largely channeled underground.
 Hydalsberget is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Mount Lloyd Jones is a mountain in South West Tasmania named after aviator and adventurer Lloyd Lindsay Jones MBE (1916–2004). It lies on the South East end of the Frankland Range jutting out towards the East from the range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is West of the end of the ridge line leading to the edge of Lake Pedder at Terminal Peak and North East of Secheron Peak.
 Aula is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lamme is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Galgenberg (Heilbronn) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Pârâul Plaiul Poienii is a tributary of the Mânăileasa River in Romania.
 The Karukaru River is a river of New Zealand. A tributary of the Wairua River it rises west of Maungatapere and flows westward into that river south of Titoki.
 Mount Ida (Turkish: Kazdağı pronounced [kazdaːɯ] meaning Goose Mountain Kaz Dağları or Karataş Tepesi) is a mountain in northwestern Turkey some 20 miles southeast of the ruins of Troy along the north coast of the Gulf of Edremit (tr). The name Mount Ida is the ancient one. It is between Balıkesir Province and Çanakkale Province.
 The Caia River is a river in the Iberian Peninsula a tributary to the Guadiana. It is one of the main water courses in the Portalegre District Portugal.
 The Tambura River is a tributary of the Cuca River in Romania.
 The Takahashi River (高梁川 Takahashi-gawa) is a major river in the western part of Okayama Prefecture and acts as the main drainage for the Takahashi River Drainage System and is one of the three main drainage rivers in Okayama Prefecture (the others being the Yoshii River and the Asahi River).
 Lake Neuchâtel (French: Lac de Neuchâtel; German: Neuenburgersee) is a lake primarily in Romandy Switzerland (French-speaking Switzerland). The lake lies mainly in the canton of Neuchâtel but is also shared by the cantons of Vaud of Fribourg and of Bern.With a surface of 218.3 km² it is the largest lake entirely in Switzerland and the 59th largest lake in Europe. Lake Neuchâtel lies approximately at coordinates 46°54′N 6°51′E. It is 38.3 km long and no more than 8.2 km wide.
 The Glocknerwand is a mountain in the Glockner Group in the Austrian Central Alps in the central region of the High Tauern. According to the literature it is 3721 metres high but the Austria Federal Office for Metrology and Survey gives its height as 3722 metres. It is separated from Austria's highest peak the neighbouring Großglockner by the col known as the Untere Glocknerscharte (3596 m).
 Marion Reservoir is a reservoir on the Cottonwood River 3 miles (4.8 km) north-west of Marion on the western edge of the Flint Hills region of Kansas. It was completed in 1968 and is operated by the Army Corps of Engineers for the purpose of flood control. This larger reservoir is also known as the Marion Lake and is often confused with the similar named yet smaller and older Marion County Lake which is south-east of Marion.
 The Teviot Range also referred to as the Flinders Peak Group is a mountain range located on the northern edge of the Scenic Rim region of South East Queensland Australia.The first Europeans to cross the range were Patrick Logan and his exploration party in June 1827.Both the Flinders-Goolman Conservation Estate and the Flinders Peak Conservation Park are located within the Teviot Range.The summit in the Range is Flinders Peak reaching 679 m above sea level.
 Laguna Canyon (also called Cañada de las Lagunas Spanish: Lagoon Canyon) is the name of a canyon that cuts through the San Joaquin Hills in southern Orange County California in the United States directly west of the city of Irvine. The canyon runs from northeast to southwest drained on the east side by tributaries of San Diego Creek and on the west by Laguna Canyon Creek. It is deeper and more rugged on the southwestern end near Laguna Beach.
 Paragua River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin. It is the largest tributary of the Caroni River.
 Cerro El Pital is a mountain in Central America on the border of El Salvador and Honduras. It is located 12 km (7 mi) from the town of La Palma at a height of 2730 m (8957 ft) above sea level and is the highest point in Salvadoran territory.
 The Little San Bernardino Mountains are a short mountain range of the Transverse Ranges located in southern California in the United States. They extend for approximately 40 mi (64 km) southeast from the San Bernardino Mountains through San Bernardino and Riverside Counties to near the northeast edge of the Salton Sink and Salton Sea.The community of Palm Springs looks north and northeast across the Coachella Valley to the range.
 Mount Oybin is a mountain in Saxony southeastern Germany near by the city of Zittau and it is part of the Zittau Mountains.
 Algonquin Peak is in the MacIntyre Range in the town of North Elba in Essex County New York. It is the second highest mountain in New York and one of the 46 Adirondack High Peaks in Adirondack Park. Its name comes from its reputedly being on the Algonquian side of a nearby informal boundary between the Algonquian and their Iroquois neighbors.Algonquin is popular with hikers accessible from the popular Adirondak Loj trailhead near Heart Lake outside of Lake Placid for a day trip.
 Payun Matru is a shield volcano in Argentina located in the Reserva Provincial La Payunia of the Malargüe Department to the south of the Mendoza Province.Volcan Payun is notable for large crystals of hematite pseudomorphs after magnetite of volcanic fumarole origin.
 The Bauru River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Fairview Creek is a 5-mile (8.0 km) tributary of the Columbia Slough in the U.S. state of Oregon. The creek forms in a wetland near Grant Butte in Gresham and flows north for 5 miles (8.0 km) to Fairview Lake in Fairview. Grant Butte rising to 602 feet (183 m) above sea level is one of eight dormant volcanic formations near Gresham.
 The Cannon River flows 112 miles (180 km) from Shields Lake near Faribault Minnesota to Red Wing in the U.S. state of Minnesota where it joins the Mississippi River. It drains a watershed approximately 1460 square miles (3780 km²) in size.The Cannon River has few rapids but some can be difficult (Class II). Some have claimed lives as has the confluence with the Little Cannon River in Cannon Falls.
 The Washita River (Pawnee: Awaastatkiicuʾ ) is a river in Texas and Oklahoma United States. The river is 295 miles (475 km) long and terminates into Lake Texoma in Johnston County (also Bryan County and Marshall County - 33°55′N 96°35′W) Oklahoma and the Red River.
 Tasman Lake is a proglacial lake formed by the recent retreat of the Tasman Glacier in New Zealand's South Island.In the early 1970s there were several small meltwater ponds on the Tasman Glacier. By 1990 these ponds had merged into Tasman Lake.Tasman Lake has quickened the retreat of the Tasman Glacier. Initially it did so by undercutting the cliff at the end of the glacier causing parts of the cliff to fall into the lake.
 Parlick (also known as Parlick Pike) is an approximately cone-shaped steep-sided hill at the extreme south of the main range of Bowland fells in Lancashire England. Its bog-free sides make it more popular with walkers than the shallow boggy hills to its north. Paths zigzag up this hill from the south or for the more strenuous ascent a straight path can be chosen. This hill is usually green — different from the often thorny brown to red of the northern hills.
 Pratt Mountain is a 1817 feet (554 m) summit within the Wapack Range of mountains in south-central New Hampshire United States. It lies within the town of New Ipswich and is traversed by the 22 mi (35 km) Wapack Trail. The subordinate peak Stony Top 1760 feet (540 m) forms the north shoulder of the mountain. Pratt Mountain offers expansive views from rocky ledges along its length.
 Lake Killarney is a subdivision surrounding a private lake located near the Fox River in unincorporated Cary Illinois Algonquin Township. It is located 45 miles (72 km) northwest of Chicago. Residents have lake rights to an 80-acre (320000 m2) spring fed lake. Fishing is productive. Sail row and paddle boats can easily navigate the lake for fun or for fishing.Lake Killarney 42°14′22″N 88°15′29″W is a 80-acre (320000 m2) glacial lake located in McHenry County northwest of Cary Illinois.
 The Ashley River (Māori: Rakahuri) is located in Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It flows generally southeastwards for 65 kilometres before entering the Pacific Ocean at Waikuku Beach Pegasus Bay north of Christchurch. The town of Rangiora is close to the south bank of the Ashley River.
 Steinbruch Siefen is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Deer Pond is an 11-acre (45000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts. The pond is located southeast of Fawn Pond and northwest of the eastern basin of White Island Pond.
 The Astaban River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Arc Dome is the high point of the Toiyabe Range in northwestern Nye County in central Nevada in the western United States. It is one of the most prominent peaks in the contiguous states. The peak is located about 53 miles (85 km) north of the community of Tonopah The higher elevations of this section of the Toiyabe Range are in the Arc Dome Wilderness.Arc Dome is sometimes confused with Toiyabe Dome but these are separate peaks.
 Shatter Cave is a cave in Fairy Cave Quarry near Stoke St Michael in the limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. It falls within the St. Dunstan's Well Catchment Site of Special Scientific Interest.The name commemorates the damage done by blasting in the quarry to some of the decoration within the cave.
 The Vlasina (Serbian Cyrillic: Власина) is a river in southeastern Serbia a 68 km-long outflow of the Vlasina Lake and a right tributary to the Južna Morava which also gives its name to the surrounding Vlasina region.
 The Pelotas River (Portuguese Rio Pelotas) (Portuguese pronunciation: [peˈlɔtɐs]) is a river in southern Brazil and a tributary of the Uruguay River.The river originates in the Serra Geral at Alto do Bispo and flows northeast for 450 kilometres (280 mi) before meeting the Canoas River forming the Uruguay River. It forms the border between Rio Grande do Sul and Santa Catarina states.The river is dammed by the Machadinho and Barra Grande Dams.
 Pizzo di Campel (2376 m) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located south-east of Soazza in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the Val de la Forcola and the Val de Montogn.
 The Valea Tătarilor River is a tributary of the Măgura River in Romania.
 The Rolleston River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from its origins on the northern slopes of Mount Rolleston before turning northeast to reach the Otira River five kilometres north of Arthur's Pass.
 Galehead Mountain is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Twin Range of the White Mountains. Galehead is flanked to the east by South Twin Mountain and to the west by Mount Garfield. The summit is reached by the Frost Trail which departs from Galehead Hut (operated by the Appalachian Mountain Club).
 Laurel Fork is a 37.8-mile-long (60.8 km) river in eastern West Virginia USA. It is a tributary of the Dry Fork; via the Dry Fork the Black Fork and the Cheat Monongahela and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 60 square miles (160 km2) in the Allegheny Mountains. With the Dry Fork the Glady Fork the Shavers Fork and the Blackwater River it is considered to be one of the five principal headwaters tributaries of the Cheat River.
 The Râul Iezerului is a tributary of the Râul Podurilor in Romania.
 The Sweltzer River is a river in British Columbia Canada that drains the waters of Cultus Lake into the Chilliwack River. It is about 3 km long and much of it runs through Soowahlie Indian Reserve No. 14 which is under the administration of the Soowahlie Indian Band.The name Sweltzer River was applied on an 1895 map to Liumchen Creek which is to the northeast.
 Arnisee is a lake in the Canton of Uri Switzerland. The reservoir can be reached by gondola lift from Amsteg and Intschi.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Steamboat Springs is a small volcanic field of rhyolitic lava domes and flows in western Nevada USA located south of Reno. There is extensive geothermal activity in the area including numerous hot springs steam vents and fumaroles.The state of Nevada has a Steamboat Springs Historical Marker (#198) situated along the eastern shoulder of the busy Carson–Reno Highway (US 395 Alt.) approximately 1.65 miles (2.66 km) south of the Mount Rose Junction (the intersection with SR 341 and SR 431).
 Papakomeka Lake is located about 21 km south of the city of Timmins Ontario Canada. The majority of the lake is found in Timiskaming District but the northern part is found in Cochrane District. The lake is located about 10 km north northwest of McArthur Lake. It is 3.84 km in length and 0.8 km in width. There are about 35 cottages on the western shore three cottages to the east and one to the south. There are no islands on the lake.
 Rosebud Summit is a 3640 feet (1109 m) peak that constitutes the northeasternmost point in the Rosebud Ridge of the White Mountains in central Alaska. The mountain is traversed by the trail of the annual Yukon Quest 1000-mile sled dog race. It lends its name to nearby Rosebud Creek.
 Löster is a river of Saarland Germany.
 Andersson is a lunar impact crater that lies in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It is located just beyond the southwestern limb of the visible Moon in a location that can be viewed from the side during a favorable libration. The nearest crater of note is Guthnick to the north-northeast.Andersson is bowl-shaped with a small central floor and no significant erosion of the rim. It lies along a low ridge in the surface that runs to the north.
 Monte Guilarte is a mountain in Puerto Rico measuring 1204 meters (3950 ft) above sea level. The mountain is located in the Cordillera Central in the municipality of Adjuntas.
 Gibson Lake is the cooling pond for Duke Energy Indiana's Gibson Generating Station. Measuring at around 3500 acres (14 km2) it is the largest lake in Indiana built completely above ground its shores consisting of rock levees on all but two of the lake's six sides both of which were also built up to build the power plant. Opened to fishing in 1978 Gibson Lake had been a prime source of bass and several types of catfish bluegill and carp.
 Briksdalsbreen (English: the Briksdal glacier) is one of the most accessible and best known arms of the Jostedalsbreen glacier. Briksdalsbreen is located in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The glacier lies on the north side of the Jostedalsbreen in Briksdalen (the Briks valley) which is located at the end of the Oldedalen valley about 25 kilometres (16 mi) south of the village of Olden. It is located inside Jostedalsbreen National Park.
 Lough Derg or Loch Derg (Irish: Loch Dearg) is a lake in County Donegal Republic of Ireland. It is near the border with Northern Ireland and lies about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of the border village of Pettigoe. It is best known for St Patrick's Purgatory a site of pilgrimage on Station Island in the lake.The lake is about 890 hectares (2200 acres) in size but is quite shallow making it dangerous during bad weather. It has stocks of pike perch and brown trout for angling.
 The Granite Range is a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada west of the town of Gerlach and the lower Black Rock Desert playa.Adjacent mountain ranges are the Fox Range and Calico Mountains.
 The Ulrichshorn (3925 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Saas-Fee in the canton of Valais. It is located north of the Nadelhorn in the Mischabel range which lies between the Mattertal and the Saastal.
 Pointe du Dard is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3206 metres above sea level.
 The Madon (French: le Madon) is a 96.9 km (60.2 mi) long river in the Vosges and Meurthe-et-Moselle départements northeastern France. Its source is near Vioménil. It flows generally north. It is a left tributary of the Moselle into which it flows at Pont-Saint-Vincent near Nancy. It was once observed to have contained large amounts of skulls at one point in time. Scientists to this day have not discovered the reason for this.
 Płutnica is a river of Poland. It leads to the Bay of Puck above the town of Puck.
 Loch Lomond is a large spring-fed lake located 102 metres (335 ft) above Lake Superior 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) south of the city of Thunder Bay Ontario. It is located in behind Mount McKay in the Fort William First Nation and Neebing Municipality. Loch Lomond is considered to be a deep oligotrophic lake.
 The Pesquería River is a river of Mexico. It is a tributary of the San Juan River which in turn flows into the Rio Grande.
 Dillberry Lake is a lake that lies on the border between Alberta and Saskatchewan. Approximately one-half of the lake lies in each province. The Alberta half also lies within Dillberry Lake Provincial Park.
 Lake Tuz (Turkish: Tuz Gölü meaning Salt Lake) is the second largest lake in Turkey with its 1665 km2 (643 sq mi)surface area and one of the largest hypersaline lakes in the world. It is located in the Central Anatolia Region 105 km (65 mi) northeast of Konya 150 km (93 mi) south-southeast of Ankara and 57 km (35 mi) northwest of Aksaray.
 Mount Pengelly is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1914: Pengelly was the family name of the wife of A.J. Campbell an assistant to A.O. Wheeler of the Interprovincial Boundary Survey.
 The Rivière de François is a river of Martinique.
 The Nopteasa River is a tributary of the Mânăileasa River in Romania.
 Cartoona Peak also unofficially called Cartoona Ridge is a volcanic peak in northern British Columbia Canada located just southeast of Coffee Crater in Mount Edziza Provincial Park.
 The Water of Ken is a river in Galloway south-west Scotland. It rises on Blacklorg Hill north-east of Cairnsmore of Carsphairn in the Carsphairn hills and flows south-westward into the Glenkens valley passing through Carsfad and Earlstoun lochs both of which are dammed to supply the Galloway Hydro Electric Scheme. From there the river flows south passing St. John's Town of Dalry and New Galloway before widening to form the 11-mile long Loch Ken.
 Meall na Teanga is a Scottish mountain located in the Highland council area. 11 kilometres north of Spean Bridge.
 The Bocksberg is the local mountain for the village of Hahnenklee in the borough of Goslar in the German state of Lower Saxony. It lies southeast of this spa village in the Harz mountains and is 726 m above sea level.It was from here that a 1350 metre long bobsleigh and racing toboggan run was laid in 1928 which had to be closed for technical and financial reasons in 1970.
 Susitna Glacier is an alpine or valley glacier in the Alaska Range. Susitna Glacier flows over a seismically active area. The 7.9-magnitude 2002 Denali earthquake struck the region in November 2002. The earthquake initiated with thrust movement on the previously unrecognized Susitna Glacier fault.
 The Cristorel River is a tributary of the Borşa river in Romania.
 The Stroiești River is a tributary of the Mogoşu River in Romania.
 Kii Mountains (紀伊山地 Kii Sanchi) is a mountainous region covering most of the Kii Peninsula. They lie south of the Japan Median Tectonic Line (MTL) in Wakayama Nara and Mie prefectures. The mountains are arranged roughly northeast to southwest.
 Mammoth Spring is a very large first magnitude spring and is the largest spring in the state of Arkansas and the third largest spring within the Ozark Plateau region behind the Big Spring and Greer Spring. It is located in Mammoth Spring State Park an Arkansas state park in the extreme north-central part of the state at the town of Mammoth Spring. The outlet pool of the spring is located a just to the east of US Highway 63 (US 63) and roughly 500 feet (150 m) south of the Missouri border.
 For the river in southwestern Ontario see Nith River.The River Nith (Scottish Gaelic: Abhainn Nid; Latin: Novius) is a river in South West Scotland.
 The Herøyfjorden or Herøyfjord is a fjord which bisects the municipality of Herøy in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The fjord is about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) long and about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) wide between the islands of Bergsøya and Gurskøya. The fjord has a maximum depth of 175 metres (574 ft).The fjord has many islands located within it including Herøya and Nautøya in the east. The Flåvær islands are located in the central part of the Herøyfjorden.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Canyon Creek Mountains are a short 10 mi (16 km) long mountain range located in southeast Catron County New Mexico near the source of the Gila River and north of the Gila Wilderness. The Elk Mountains are adjacent northwest where the continental divide passes from north to east on the south of the Plains of San Agustin.
 Proctor is the remnant of a lunar crater that is located to the southeast of the prominent crater Tycho. It lies just to the north of the huge walled plain Maginus. To the north is the crater Saussure and to the northwest just to the east of Tycho lies Pictet. Proctor is 52 kilometers in diameter and its walls are 1300 meters high.
 Jasper Lake is a lake located in the Rockies of Jasper National Park in Alberta Canada. It is actually a part of the Athabasca River where the river broadens out. Its westernmost shore lies about 15 miles (24 km) northeast from the town of Jasper along the Yellowhead Highway (Highway 16) and stretches farther east for about 6 miles (9.7 km).
 Lake Moeraki is a small lake on the Moeraki River on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand. State Highway 6 runs along its western edge.The lake is surrounded by native vegetation and lies within the Te Wahipounamu World Heritage site.
 Tucumcari Mountain once referred to as Tucumcari Peak or Mesa Tucumcari is a mesa situated just outside of Tucumcari New Mexico.Where the mountain got its name is uncertain. It may have come from the Comanche word tukamukaru which means to lie in wait for someone or something to approach.
 The Hira Mountains (比良山地 Hira-sanchi) are a mountain range to the west of Lake Biwa on the border of Shiga Prefecture and Kyoto Prefecture Japan. The range runs 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north to south. It is narrowest in the southern part of the range running 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east to west and broadest at the northern part of the range running 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) km east to west.
 The Manuel Alves Pequeno River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The West Two River is a 26.5-mile-long (42.6 km) tributary of the Saint Louis River in northern Minnesota United States. It rises west of the city of Mountain Iron and flows south reaching the Saint Louis River in McDavitt Township.
 Bolna (Lule Sami: Bållná) is a mountain in the Saltfjellet mountain range in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The mountain peak reaches 1460 metres (4790 ft) above sea level and is located just north of the Arctic Circle inside Saltfjellet–Svartisen National Park.
 Myōjin-shō (明神礁) is a submarine volcano located about 450 kilometers south of Tokyo on the Izu-Ogasawara Ridge in the Izu Islands. Volcanic activity has been detected there since 1869. Since then it has undergone more eruptions the most powerful of which resulted in the appearance and disappearance of a small island.The name Myōjin-shō derives from a fishing boat No.11 Myōjin-Maru of Yaizu City Shizuoka Prefecture the crew of which first witnessed the major volcanic eruption of 1952.
 The Dumbrava River is a tributary of the Brețcu River in Romania.
 Schaler Aa is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Atwood is a small lunar impact crater that is located on the Mare Fecunditatis to the northwest of the prominent crater Langrenus. It forms a triple-crater formation with Naonobu attached to the north rim and Bilharz near the west rim. All three were satellite craters of Langrenus before being renamed by the IAU. (Atwood was formerly designated Langrenus K).Atwood lies near the edge of the outer ramparts of Langrenus and the ejecta forms low ridges attached to the south rim of Atwood.
 Mount Tokachi (十勝岳 Tokachidake) is an active volcano located in Daisetsuzan National Park Hokkaidō Japan. It is the tallest volcano of the Tokachi Volcanic Group. It is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan.There are four hiking trails to the peak of Tokachidake. Below is a hut a campground and a natural hot spring (gensen).
 The Ciorganul River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
 The Donald River is a short tributary of the Waiatoto River located within Mount Aspiring National Park. It flows west for six kilometres from the Donald Glacier on the western slopes of Mount Pollux.
 The Lanterne is a river in the east of France a substantial left tributary of the Saône and sub-tributary of the Rhône.
 McLeod Lake formerly named Carson Lake is a lake in central Alberta Canada within Woodlands County. It is located north of Whitecourt approximately 5 km (3.1 mi) east of Highway 32. Carson-Pegasus Provincial Park surrounds McLeod Lake and nearby Little McLeod Lake to the northeast.
 Severn Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Ammersee (English: Lake Ammer) is a Zungenbecken lake in Upper Bavaria Germany southwest of Munich between the towns of Herrsching and Dießen am Ammersee. With a surface area of approximately 47 square kilometres (18 sq mi) it is the sixth largest lake in Germany. The lake is at an elevation of 520 metres (1710 ft) and has a maximum depth of 81 metres (266 ft). Like other Bavarian lakes Ammersee developed as a result of the ice age glaciers melting.
 The Broro River is a 2.5-mile-long (4.0 km) tidal arm of the Sapelo River in McIntosh County Georgia in the United States.
 The Unare River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into the Caribbean Sea. In the 17th century the Dutch had a fort at the mouth of the river. It was constructed to protect their salt collection in the area. The other Dutch fort ever to stand on what is now Venezuelan soil (also in the 17th century) stood on the little uninhabited islet La Tortuga just west of Isla Margarita. It was built for the same reason as the one in Unare: to protect the salt harvesting activities of the Dutch.
 The Pârâul Satului is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 Foel Goch is a subsidiary summit of Esgeiriau Gwynion and is included in a group of hills known as the Hirnantau. These hills rise from the south east shores of Llyn Tegid.The summit is boggy and marked by a few stones. The views are good with the retrospect of Foel y Geifr and Trum y Gwragedd to the south and northern Snowdonia to the north west.
 Petit Encantat is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2734 metres above sea level.
 The Rica River is a tributary of the Cormoș River in Romania.
 Blueberry Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Valea Livezii River is a tributary of the Turcu River in Romania.
 Selside Pike is a fell in the English Lake District. It stands between the valleys of Mardale and Swindale in the Far Eastern Fells.
 Kan Creek is a stream of water flowing through Western Tehran.
 The St. Francois Mountains in southeast Missouri are a range of Precambrian igneous mountains rising over the Ozark Plateau. This range is one of the oldest exposures of igneous rock in North America.The name of the range is spelled out as Saint Francois Mountains in official GNIS sources but it is sometimes misspelled in use as St. Francis Mountains to match the anglicized pronunciation of both the range and St. Francois County.[1][2][3]
 Wildspitze is the highest mountain in the Ötztal Alps and in North Tyrol as well as the second highest mountain in Austria after the Großglockner. The nearest higher mountain is the Ortler 48.5 kilometres (30 mi) away in South Tyrol.
 Autherley Junction (grid reference SJ901020) is the name of the canal junction where the Shropshire Union Canal terminates and meets the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal near to Oxley north Wolverhampton West Midlands England.
 Pegwn Mawr is a mountain in Powys Mid Wales east of Llanidloes. It is 586 m (1922 ft) high. It is surrounded by a wind farm. There is a trig point (pictured
 The Laguan River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Lazul de Sus River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 The Levubu River or Levuvhu (Tsonga: Rivubye; Venda: Luvuvhu) is located in the northern Limpopo province of South Africa. Some of its tributaries such as the Mutshindudi River and Mutale River rise in the Soutpansberg Mountains.
 The Nied is a river in Lorraine France and Saarland Germanythat is the left tributary of the Saar River. It is formed where two streams converge the Nied allemande (German Nied) and the Nied française (French Nied) which join in Condé-Northen.The Nied française is the bigger of the two with a length of 59 km and its source is near Morhange. Another town on the Nied française is Pange.
 Deer Creek formerly More's Creek is a creek in Tulare County California. Its source is in the on the west slope of the Greenhorn Mountains in the Sierra Nevada Mountain range. From there Deer Creek runs west to terminate at the Lakeland and Homeland Canals in the San Joaquin Valley just east of the Tulare - Kings County border. Originally it ran into Tulare Lake before it was diverted for agriculture.
 Mont de Gourze (924 metres (3031 ft)) is a mountain in Switzerland overlooking Lake Geneva in the canton of Vaud.On the summit is located the medieval lookout tower of Gourze.
 North Mountain is a mountain ridge within the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians in the U.S. states of Virginia and West Virginia.
 Beaver Creek is a tributary of the Clinch River in Knox County in East Tennessee. It drains a watershed area of 86.5 square miles (224 km2) between Copper Ridge and Black Oak Ridge. It flows from northeast to southwest from the Gibbs High School area through the Halls Powell Karns Solway and Hardin Valley communities entering the Clinch downstream from Solway.
 Doubtful Canyon was the name of two canyons in the Peloncillo Mountains once considered in the 19th century as one canyon that served as the pass through those mountains. Today the canyon bearing the name Doubtful Canyon is mostly in Cochise County Arizona near the New Mexico border. It descends to the east into the Animas Valley past Steins Peak it is in Hidalgo County New Mexico.
 Banks Lake is a 27-mile (43 km) long reservoir in central Washington in the United States.Part of the Columbia Basin Project Banks Lake occupies the northern portion of the Grand Coulee a formerly dry coulee near the Columbia River formed by the Missoula Floods during the Pleistocene epoch. Grand Coulee Dam built by the United States Bureau of Reclamation on the Columbia River created Franklin D. Roosevelt Lake the reservoir on the river behind the dam.
 Rasley Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mount Degenhardt (8020 feet (2440 m)) is a mountain peak in the Picket Range in the U.S. state of Washington and within North Cascades National Park. Located in the northern section of the park Mount Degenhardt is .30 mi (0.48 km) southeast of Mount Terror and .75 mi (1.21 km) west of McMillan Spire. Mount Degenhardt is named after William Degenhardt an early 20th century mountain climber. The Terror Glacier lies on the southeast slopes of Mount Degenhardt.
 The River Bain is a river in Lincolnshire England and a tributary of the River Witham.The Bain rises in the Lincolnshire Wolds at Ludford a village on The Viking Way long-distance footpath and flows through or past the villages of Burgh on Bain Biscathorpe Donington on Bain Goulceby with Asterby and Hemingby before reaching the town of Horncastle where it is joined by the River Waring which rises at Belchford 5 miles (8.0 km) to the north east of Horncastle.After leaving Horncastle the Bain flows through the villages of Kirkby on Bain Coningsby and Tattershall and joins the Witham at Dogdyke. 
 Mo Chhu is a major river in Bhutan. The word Chhu means river or water in Dzongkha the official national language in Bhutan. The river rises in Gasa Dzongkhag (district) near the border between Bhutan and Tibet. From there the Mo Chhu flows generally southward to Punakha in central Bhutan where it joins the Pho Chhu from the northeast.
 The Tiber (/ˈtaɪbər/ Latin Tiberis Italian Tevere Italian pronunciation: [ˈteːvere]) is the third-longest river in Italy rising in the Apennine Mountains in Emilia-Romagna and flowing 406 kilometres (252 mi) through Umbria and Lazio where it is joined by the Aniene river to the Tyrrhenian Sea. It drains a basin estimated at 17375 square kilometres (6709 sq mi).
 Lake Pend Oreille (pronounced: pond-o-ray) is the largest lake in the northern Idaho Panhandle with a surface area of 148 square miles (380 km2). It is 43 miles (69 km) long and 1150 feet (350 m) deep in some regions making it the fifth deepest in the United States. It is fed by the Clark Fork River and the Pack River and drains via the Pend Oreille River. It is surrounded by national forests and a few small towns with the largest population on the lake at Sandpoint.
 Dovrefjell is a mountain range in central Norway that forms a natural barrier between Eastern Norway and Trøndelag the area around Trondheim. As a result it has been heavily trafficked during and probably preceding historical times.
 The Klutina River (Tl’atii Na’ in Ahtna) is a 63-mile (101 km) tributary of the Copper River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning at Klutina Glacier in the Chugach Mountains the river flows generally northeast passing through Klutina Lake to meet the larger river at the community of Copper Center. The river mouth is 66 miles (106 km) northeast of Valdez.
 The Bașca River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania
 Buchwaldskopf is a mountain in Hesse Germany.
 Duddingston Loch is a natural loch located in Holyrood Park Edinburgh Scotland below Arthur's Seat. It is part of a nature reserve being important for wildfowl herons and the great crested grebe as well as swans and ducks. It is the only natural loch in Edinburgh and the largest in Holyrood Park.Henry Raeburn's famous painting The Skating Minister is set on Duddingston Loch.
 Glenmere Lake is a colonial mill pond or reservoir located in Orange County New York USA. It is New York State's largest and virtually last habitat of the Northern Cricket Frog (Acris crepitans) listed as endangered by the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation. The lake is threatened by both private and municipal development.The lake is part of the greater Orange County-owned Glenmere Preserve one of the largest wild areas in Orange County.
 The Sărata River is a tributary of the Prut River.
 The White River (French: rivière White) is a tributary of Lake Superior in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada.
 The Chastelhorn is a 2973 metres high mountain in the Lepontine Alps overlooking Hospental in the canton of Uri. The northern flanks are covered by a glacier named St. Annafirn and a small lake (2624 metres) lies south of the summit.The massif of the Chastelhorn consists of several summits including the Gemsstock (2961 metres) which is connected to Andermatt by a cable car.
 Salso Lake is a lake in the Province of Foggia Apulia Italy.
 The Huși River is a tributary of the Șomuzul Mare River in Romania.
 Lake Ralphine is a reservoir in Howarth Memorial Park in the city of Santa Rosa in the U.S. state of California.
 Eichenwaldgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Liddell is located near Muswellbrook in the Hunter Region New South Wales Australia. Lake Liddell supplies cooling water for Liddell Power Station and was expanded to accommodate its needs during construction of the power station.
 There are a number of small foothills known as the North Hills in Montana. One group is el. 3556 feet (1084 m) is northwest of Missoula Montana in Missoula County Montana. Another is due north of Bozeman Montana in Gallatin County Montana and yet another is due north of Helena Montana in Lewis and Clark County Montana. All of these foothills are generally considered part of larger ranges.
 The Rinderbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany flowing into the Ruhr at Kettwig.
 The Ismar River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 El Toro is a prominent hill located along the eastern foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains in southwest Santa Clara County California. The iconic landmark is partially owned by the city of Morgan Hill and its silhouette is incorporated in the city logo.
 The Kammel is a river in Bavaria southern Germany. The Kammel originates west of Mindelheim in the district Unterallgäu and flows generally north. It flows into the Mindel (left tributary) south of Offingen at the Danube east of Günzburg in the district Günzburg. So it is an indirect right tributary of the Danube. The difference in altitude between the origin and the mouth is 265 m.
 The Zandan River is a tributary of the Râmnic River in Romania.
 The Dumbrăvanu River is a tributary of the Coza River in Romania.
 The Carinhanha River is a river of Bahia and Minas Gerais states in eastern Brazil.
 Russell Pond is a 14-acre (57000 m2) pond in Kingston Massachusetts. The pond is located northeast of Indian Pond off Route 80. The pond is the headwaters to Furnace Brook a tributary of the Jones River. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish in the pond.
 The Seti Gandaki River also known as the Seti River or the Seti Khola is a river of western Nepal one of the most holiest river of Nepal. It is also worshipped as the form of lord Vishnu by Hindu peoples. The river is also famous because it is connected with some of Holy places and stories of Hindu Mythology as like in Mahabharata one of longest book of Hindus written by vyasha sage who was born on meeting place of Gandaki and Madi river near Damauli Tanahun Nepal. Gandaki River .
 Obersee is a lake on Oberseealp in the Canton of Glarus Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.24 km².
 The Valea de Munte River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 Mont Blanc (French pronunciation: ​[mɔ̃.blɑ̃]) or Monte Bianco (Italian pronunciation: [ˈmonte ˈbjaŋko]) both meaning White Mountain is the highest mountain in the Alps and the European Union. It rises 4810 m (15781 ft) above sea level and is ranked 11th in the world in topographic prominence.
 Tulva (Russian: Тулва) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of the Kama River. The length of the river is 118 km long. The area of drainage basin is 3530 km². The river begins in the highlands in the far south of Perm Krai. Its mouth is located 10 km southeast of the town of Osa. Main tributaries: Barda River Bolshaya Amzya River Malaya Amzya River Chiriz River Tyundyuk River Sarashka River Yermiya River Iskilda River.
 Bindersee is a lake in Rollsdorf Landkreis Mansfeld-Südharz Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Chambri Lakes are a series of swamps and canals in the East Sepik Province of Papua New Guinea that are seasonally filled by the flooding of the Sepik River. The Chambri Lakes form in the middle Sepik between the village of Pagwi and the junction of the Yuat River with the Sepik. The inhabitants of the Chambri Lakes are renowned for their artistry.
 The Pârâul Stânei Mari is a tributary of the Râșnoava River in Romania.
 West Branch Chillisquaque Creek is a tributary of Chillisquaque Creek. Its watershed spans parts of Northumberland Montour Lycoming and Columbia counties in Pennsylvania. West Branch Chillisquaque Creek is about five miles long. The creek is home to a number of tree species and herb species. There are also five main types of rock formations and four main types of soil in the creek's watershed.
 Lake Shala (also spelled Shalla) is an alkaline lake located in the Ethiopian Rift Valley in the Abijatta-Shalla National Park.
 Bečvář (Czech pronunciation: [ˈbɛtʃvaːr̝̊]) is a lunar crater that is located near the equator on the far side of the Moon from the Earth. It lies to the northeast of the crater Necho within that feature's ray system. To the north-northeast is the crater Gregory.This is a worn eroded crater system with a few tiny craterlets lying across the floor and rim. A double-crater formation occupies the southwestern rim with Bečvář Q forming the northwestern member of this pair.
 Boyden Cavern is a solutional cave system in the located in California's Giant Sequoia National Monument along the Kings Canyon Scenic Byway and just west of Kings Canyon [National Park]]. It is formed in Mesozoic marble (metamorphosed limestone). Regular tours of the cave are given by a licensed guide company from the last Friday in April to mid November. It is a cave with many varieties of natural speleothems including rare shield formations.
 The Quri River or Quru Chay or Quri Chay (Azerbaijani and Persian: قوری‌چای‎) is a river in East Azerbaijan province of Iran. It arises in the mountains east of Tabriz and joins the Aji Chay just northeast of central Tabriz. The river divides Tabriz into northern and southern parts which are connected to each other by several bridges. The two Ghari Bridges beside each other are the most famous and historic of the bridges over the river.
 Mount Saint Catherine is a stratovolcano and the highest mountain on the Caribbean island of Grenada. It is located in St. Mark's Victoria. It is the youngest of five volcanoes which comprise the island. The volcano has a horseshoe-shaped crater open to the east with several lava domes within it. There are two approaches to the top both somewhat strenuous. The most maintained trail is from the eastern side outside of Grenville.
 The Staines Reservoirs lie to the east of the King George VI Reservoir near Heathrow airport in the county of Surrey within the Colne Valley regional park. The village of Stanwell is nearby as is the town of Staines. The two reservoirs are placed between the A3044 and the A30. They were built in 1901.The area has been designated a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) as it carries important wintering populations of tufted ducks pochard goosander and goldeneye.
 Dürreych is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Acarigua River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 West Point Lake is a man-made reservoir formed by the damming of the Chattahoochee River by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. This reservoir extends for about 35 mi (56 km) along the Chattahoochee River near the Alabama-Georgia state boundary.West Point Dam controls seasonal flooding and provides hydroelectric power.
 Lake Hallstatt or Hallstätter See is a lake in the Salzkammergut Austria located at 47°34′43″N 13°39′38″E. Its surface is approximately 8.55 km² and its maximum depth is 125 metres. It is a popular destination for tourists especially scuba divers.
 Karnaphuli (Bengali: কর্ণফুলি Kôrnophuli; also spelt Karnafuli) the largest and most important river in Chittagong and the Chittagong Hill Tracts is a 667 metres (2188 ft)-wide river in the south-eastern part of Bangladesh. Originating from the Lushai hills in Mizoram India it flows 270 km (170 mi) southwest through Chittagong Hill Tracts and Chittagong into the Bay of Bengal. A large hydroelectric power plant using Karnaphuli river was built in the Kaptai region during the 1960s.
 The Vidra River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The Gădălin River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 The Rochers de Naye (French lit. rocks of Naye; 2042 metres (6699 ft)) are a mountain of the Swiss Alps overlooking Lake Geneva near Montreux and Villeneuve in the canton of Vaud. They lie on the range separating the basin of Lake Geneva from the valley of the Sarine on the watershed between the Rhone and the Rhine.
 Soltau is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Blidinje Lake (Bosnian: Blidinjsko jezero) located in Blidinje between Tomislavgrad and Posušje is the largest mountain lake in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is located at an elevation of 1185 metres (3888 ft) above sea level and is 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) long and 2.1 kilometres (1.3 mi) wide. Maximal depth of the lake is only 3 metres (9.8 ft) while average depth is around 0.5 metres (1.6 ft).
 The Awatere River is a large river flowing through Marlborough New Zealand. Flowing along the trace of the active Awatere Fault it runs northeast through a straight valley to the west of the Inland Kaikoura mountains. This valley is parallel with that of the Clarence River 20 kilometres to the south.It flows for 110 kilometres from its source in the mountainous interior to reach Cook Strait close to the town of Seddon.Until 2008 the Awatere River bridge had a rail line above the road way.
 The Manso River (Minas Gerais) is a river in Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil located southeast of Belo Horizonte the state capital.
 Chard Reservoir is a 36.97 hectares (91.4 acres) reservoir north east of Chard Somerset England. It is owned and managed by South Somerset District Council and is a recipient of the Green Flag Award.It was built on the river Isle in 1842 to provide water for the Chard Canal.It is a Local Nature Reserve. It is used for dog walking fishing and birdwatching with a bird hide having been installed.
 The Valea Urzicarilor River is a tributary of the Peştiş River in Romania.
 Tyndall Glacier is a small cirque glacier in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado. Tyndall Glacier is on the east side of the Continental Divide and in a cirque to the north of Hallett Peak.
 The Wetterhorn (3692 m) is a mountain in the Swiss Alps towering above the village of Grindelwald. Formerly known as Hasle Jungfrau it is one of three summits of a mountain named Wetterhorn sensu lato or the Wetterhörner the highest summit of which is the Mittelhorn (3704 m) and the most distant the Rosenhorn (3689 m). The Mittelhorn and Rosenhorn are mostly hidden from view from Grindelwald.
 The Pârâul Sălcii is a tributary of the Șugag River in Romania.
 The Teliu River is a tributary of the Tărlung River in Romania.
 Green Mountain is a common name for The Peak the highest point on Ascension Island which has gained some fame for claims that it is one of very few large-scale artificial forests.
 Lake Kissimmee is a lake located about 15 miles (24 km) east of Lake Wales Florida USA. The lake is almost entirely in Osceola County but the western shore and a small part of the lake is in Polk County.Lake Kissimmee State Park is rich with wildlife including bald eagles white tailed deerAlligators Ospreys bobcats turkeys and sandhill cranes. The main attraction is its cow camp where visitors can learn about 1876 era Florida cowboys.
 The Saint John River is one of the six main rivers in the West African nation of Liberia. With its headwaters in neighboring Guinea the river flows generally southwest through Liberia and empties into the Atlantic Ocean at Bassa Cove near Edina in Grand Bassa County. The 175-mile-long (282 km) river has a drainage basin covering 5700 square miles (15000 km2).
 Mount Frakes is a prominent shield volcano marking the highest elevation in the Crary Mountains in Marie Byrd Land Antarctica.The mountain was mapped by the USGS from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1959-66. Named by US-ACAN for Lawrence A. Frakes USARP geologist who worked three summer seasons in the Falkland Islands and Antarctica 1964-65 through 1967-68.
 The North Branch Penobscot River is a river in Somerset County Maine. From its source at the outlet of Little Bog (46°09′23″N 69°57′21″W) about 10 miles (16 km) east of the Canada – United States border in Maine Township 6 Range 17 WELS the river runs 27.8 miles (44.7 km) southwest and southeast to its drowned confluence with the South Branch of the Penobscot River in Seboomook Lake in Pittston Academy Grant (T.2 R.4 NBKP).In 1939 the Great Northern Paper Company impounded Fifth St.
 Gschütt Pass (el. 957 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the Bundesländer of Salzburg and Upper Austria.It connects Rußbach in the state of Salzburg with Gosau in Upper Austria. The pass is traversed by the Federal Highway B166.
 Monte Acero is a mountain of Campania Italy.
 The Râpa River ( Hungarian: Répa-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Martin Lake is a remote northern lake of Saskatchewan Canada located near Uranium City Saskatchewan. There has been extensive Uranium exploration in the area surrounding the lake.
 Heaviside is a large lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It is attached to the eastern rim of the equally large walled plain Keeler although Keeler is somewhat less eroded. To the northwest lies the crater Stratton and to the southeast is the prominent Aitken.The outer wall of Heaviside has been worn and eroded by subsequent impacts particularly to the north and south.
 The Kernhofer Gscheid Pass (el. 970 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Lower Austria.It connects Kernhof in the Traisen River valley with Terz in the Salza River valley near Mariazell. The road has a maximum grade of 13 percent.At the pass is a small church and the Gschaid Restaurant.
 The Patía River is a river in southwestern Colombia. It flows over 400 kilometers to drain into the Pacific Ocean north of Tumaco. The Patía River is the longest river on the Colombian Pacific Coast. The last 90 kilometers is navigable by boat.
 The Beaverhead Mountains highest point Scott Peak el. 11393 feet (3473 m) are a mountain range straddling the Continental Divide in the U.S. states of Montana and Idaho. (See also the GNIS link here.) They are a sub-range of the Bitterroot Range and divide Beaverhead County Montana from Lemhi County Idaho and Clark County Idaho.The Beaverheads encompass an area of 4532 square miles (11738 km2).
 Formarinesee is a lake in the Austrian Alps. It lies in the Bundesland of Vorarlberg and lends its name to the close-by Formarinbach one of the two source rivers of the River Lech.
 Lake Maury is a reservoir which was created as part of the natural park on the grounds of the Mariners' Museum located in the independent city of Newport News in the Hampton Roads region of southeastern Virginia. The museum was founded in 1932 by Archer Milton Huntington son of Collis P.
 West Okement is a river in the Dartmoor moors in Devon in south-west England.
 The Pra River is a river in Ghana the easternmost and the largest of the three principal rivers that drain the area south of the Volta divide. Rising in the Kwahu Plateau near Mpraeso and flowing southward for 240 km through rich cocoa and farming areas and valuable forests in the Akan lowlands the Pra enters the Gulf of Guinea east of Takoradi. In the 19th century the Pra served as the border between the Ashanti Confederacy and the Gold Coast.
 At 893 m (2930 ft) above sea level the Rehberg in the Harz mountains is the fourth highest mountain in the German state of Lower Saxony and the fifth highest in the Harz.It is located in the Harz National Park immediately north of Sankt Andreasberg. Its summit is a broad flat dome much of which is forested.
 The Silberhorn (3695 m) is a pyramid-shaped mountain of the Bernese Alps to the northwest of the Jungfrau of which it is a satellite peak.A first attempt to reach the summit of the Silberhorn was made in June 1863 by M. v. Fellenberg from the Stufensteinalp on the east side of the valley of Lauterbrunnen. After 9 hours of most perilous climbing the party encountered an impracticable precipice of rock and were forced to return. In the following month of August MM. Badeker and v.
 The Calumet River refers to a system of heavily industrialized rivers and canals in the region between the neighborhood of South Chicago in Chicago Illinois and the city of Gary Indiana.
 The Beartooth Highway is an All-American Road that has been called the most beautiful drive in America by late CBS correspondent Charles Kuralt. Because of heavy snowfall at the top the pass is usually open each year only from mid May through mid October weather conditions permitting. It is carried by U.S. Route 212.
 Rocky Comfort Creek is a 62.4-mile-long (100.4 km) tributary of the Ogeechee River in the U.S. state of Georgia. Rising in Warren County 9 miles (14 km) northwest of Warrenton it flows southeast entering Glascock County and passing the town of Gibson then continuing south into Jefferson County where it reaches the Ogeechee River at Louisville.
 The Rankin River is a river in the town of South Bruce Peninsula Bruce County in southwestern Ontario Canada which flows from the east side of the Bruce Peninsula to join the Sauble River near Sauble Falls Provincial Park on the west side. The river is in the Lake Huron drainage basin and was named after Charles Rankin who first surveyed the Bruce Peninsula.
 The Fitzgerald River is a river in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.Surveyor General John Septimus Roe discovered and named the river during expeditions in the area in 1848 after the governor of Western Australia of the day Charles Fitzgerald.The river rises near the Lake Magenta Nature Reserve about 300 m above sea level then flows in a southerly direction through farmland until it reaches the Fitzgerald River National Park.
 The Kaniere River is a river of New Zealand. It is located in the West Coast Region of the South Island. The river is the outflow of Lake Kaniere and flows west to reach the Hokitika River five kilkometres from the coast of the Tasman Sea.
 Cliff Lake is located in the Allagash region of Maine. It is home to many species of cold water fish. The lake drains via Twin Lake and South Twin Brook into Churchill Lake the source of the Allagash River.
 Mount Kaʻala or Kaʻala (pronounced [kəˈʔɐlə] in Hawaiian) is the highest mountain on the island of Oahu at 4025 feet (1227 m). It is a part of the Waianae Range an eroded shield volcano which is located on the west side of the island. The FAA maintains an active tracking station at the summit which is closed to the general public and secured by the US Army which is stationed just on the base of the mountain at Schofield Barracks.
 This article is about Turners Hill West Midlands. For the village of that name in West Sussex see Turners Hill.Turners Hill or Turner's Hill is the highest hill in the West Midlands England at 271m above sea level.
 Courtois Creek (local pronunciation: /ˈkoʊtəweɪ/) is a 38.6-mile-long (62.1 km) stream in southern Missouri U.S.A. It shares its name with the nearby town of Courtois.
 The Sèvre Nantaise is a river in western France left tributary to the river Loire.
 Lake Inawashiro (猪苗代湖 Inawashiro-ko) is the fourth-largest lake in Japan located in the middle of Fukushima Prefecture south of Mount Bandai. It is also known as the 'Sky Mirror Lake' (天鏡湖 Tenkyōko). In winter swans migrate to the beaches of the lake and stay there until spring.
 The Serranías Chiquitanas are a group of low mountain ranges in the northeast of the Bolivian department of Santa Cruz. The ranges are located at the southern periphery of the discrete massif of the Guaporé shield. The Serranías Chiquitanas stands out of the surrounding lowlands as a series of forested hills some of which have escarpments. The Serranías Chiquitanas runs in a northwest to southeast fashion.
 Lohrmann is a small lunar crater that is located to the west of the Oceanus Procellarum near the western limb of the Moon. It lies to the north of the dark-floored walled plain Grimaldi and just to the south of the crater Hevelius.This crater is nearly circular although it does not appear so from the Earth due to foreshortening. It has a narrow inner wall at the north end and a somewhat eroded edge. The interior floor has some low hills and a small craterlet in the western half.
 The Sage Hen Hills are a mountain range in Harney and Lake Counties Oregon and Humboldt County Nevada.
 The Isis River is a river of the state of Queensland in Australia. It rises east of Childers and flows in an easterly direction where it joins the Gregory River itself a tributary of the Burrum River.
 The Marshwood and Powerstock Vales form a natural region in southwest England reaching to the Dorset coastline.The region is recognised as a National Character Area (No. 139) by Natural England the UK Government's advisors on the natural environment. It covers an area of 15945 hectares (61.56 sq mi) and lies entirely within the Dorset AONB.
 The Branco River (Guaporé River) is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Jones Pass elevation 12454 ft (3796 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado in the United States.
 Webb Hill is a hill located in St. George Utah in Washington County. The hill houses numerous radio and television tower facilities that serve the local area. The hill's geology is common with the surrounding region.
 The Botzer is a mountain in the Stubai Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Cima Bianca is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking Giornico in the canton of Ticino. On the northern side lies a small lake named Laghetto.
 Ridgeway Hill (198 or 199 metres high also referred to as Grange Hill or Steeple Hill) is the third highest point of the Purbeck Hills in the county of Dorset England and its prominence qualifies it as one of the few HuMPs in the county.The hill lies about 2 1/2 kilometres from Kimmeridge Bay on Dorset's Jurassic Coast and some 5 kilometres west of Corfe Castle. The hamlet of Steeple lies at its southern foot.
 Mount Bresnahan (71°48′S 161°28′E) is a flat-topped mainly ice-free mountain 1630 metres (5350 ft) high situated along the east side of the Helliwell Hills 6 nautical miles (11 km) north-northeast of Mount Van der Hoeven situated in Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos 1960–63 and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names after David M.
 San Mateo Peak is the unofficially named 3591-foot (1095 m) peak at the western end of the ridge running west then northwest from Elsinore Peak to Morrell Canyon south and west of the Morrell Potrero in the Elsinore Mountains of the Santa Ana Mountain Range. The peak name was given by Sierra Club Lower Peaks Committee Guide originally named by Ken Croker who for 20 years maintained trails in the Santa Ana Mountains with volunteers from the Sierra Club.
 National grid reference NS06206132Dhu Loch (also known as Loch Dhu) is an impounding reservoir located 1 kilometre directly west of the much larger Loch Fad and 5 kilometres south west of Rothesay. The loch is part of the water supply system for the town. The earthen dam is 8.1 metres high and was completed in 1905.
 The Goa Gap is one of the major passes in the Western Ghats between the Maharashtra and Karnataka sections.
 The Barreiro River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Diamond Lake is the name of at least nine different lakes with the same name in Ontario Canada.
 The Blindman River is a medium-sized river in south-central Alberta. It forms south of Winfield Alberta and flows southeastward before joining the Red Deer River near Red Deer. The Blindman is bridged by Alberta Highway 20 a number of times in its upper reaches before passing near the town of Rimbey. The river then takes on the outflow of Gull Lake.
 The Naul Hills or Man-of-War Hills are low-lying hills in north County Dublin in Ireland close to the village of Naul formerly called The Naul (Irish: An Aill meaning cliff).
 Lake Erçek (Turkish: Erçek Gölü; Armenian: Արճակ լիճ) is a salt lake in the Van Province eastern part of Turkey. It is located at 38.672778°N 43.572778°E﻿ / 38.672778; 43.572778 close to Lake Van. Lake Erçek is located in the elevation of about 1890 m. It has an area of 95.2 km² and maximum depth of 30 m.
 Lake Charlevoix is a lake in Charlevoix County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is the third largest lake in the state with a surface area of over 17200 acres (70 km²) and 56 miles (90 km) of shoreline. The maximum depth in the main basin is 122 feet (37 m) and in the south arm 58 feet (18 m). The lake's largest tributaries are the Jordan River feeding into the south arm at East Jordan and the Boyne River flowing into the main basin from the east at Boyne City.
 Osman Sagar (Telugu: ఒస్మాన్ సాగర్ Urdu: عثمان ساگر‎) popularly known as Gandipet is an artificial lake in the Indian city of Hyderabad. The lake is around 46 km² and the reservoir is around 29 km².
 Sněžka or Śnieżka (in Czech and Polish Schneekoppe in German) is a mountain on the border between the Czech Republic and Poland the most prominent point of the Silesian Ridge in the Krkonoše mountains. At 1603.30 metres (5260.2 ft) its summit is the highest point in the Czech Republic in the Krkonoše and in the entire Sudetes range system.
 Gwangdeoksan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 699 metres.
 Fair Snape Fell is one of the larger hills in the Forest of Bowland in Lancashire England. It occupies a position in the very south of the main range of fells alongside and just to the north of Parlick to which it is joined by a ridge. The main paths approach the summit from Parlick in the south Saddle Fell in the east and Bleasdale in the valley to the west. The Saddle Fell approach is as boggy as the hills to the north. The summit is covered in grass and peat groughs.
 The Gomușa River is a tributary of the Ungureni River in Romania.
 Steinhübel is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Negrilovăț River is a tributary of the Pârâul Băilor Mari in Romania
 The Seeache is the natural outflow of the Mondsee (lake) and flows into the Attersee (lake) after 3 kilometres.The rapid river possesses Grade A to B water quality and is often used for rafting (difficulty level: A to B). In the Seeache are now living perlfishes (Rutilus frisii meidingeri).
 The Evinos (Greek: Εύηνος) is a 92 km long river in western Greece flowing into the Gulf of Patras. Its source is in the northern Vardousia mountains near the village Artotina Phocis. The river flows in a generally southwestern direction for most of its length in Aetolia-Acarnania. It feeds the reservoir of Lake Evinos that is about 10 km². The river flows through a deep forested valley with few small villages.
 The Dranse is a French river in the department of Haute-Savoie that empties into Lake Geneva.The name Dranse comes from the former Drantia based on the hydronym dur- dora and the suffix -antia.
 The Lajeado Agudo is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Natterer See (or Lake Natters) is located 2.5 km western of the village Natters 830 metres above sea level. It is one larger highlands lakes in the vicinity of Innsbruck. Several hiking trails lead round the lake.Even though its fen water the lake has an excellent water quality (Grade A). Reed regions at the shores and supply pipes supply the lake with fresh water and restrict the pollution due to bathing oils in summer.
 South Holston Lake is located near the cities of Abingdon Virginia and Bristol Virginia / Bristol Tennessee and is a 7580-acre (31 km2) impoundment operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA). Much of the reservoir is in Tennessee but the Virginia portion of the reservoir offers anglers more than 1600 acres (6 km2) of water.
 The Florida Mountains are a small 12-mi (19 km) long mountain range in New Mexico.
 Karasjohka (Norwegian) or Kárášjohka (Northern Sami) is a river in Finnmark county Norway. The 161-kilometre (100 mi) long river runs through Kautokeino Municipality and Karasjok Municipality. The river is one of the most important rivers that drains the Finnmarksvidda plateau.
 Pechora Sea (Russian: Печо́рское мо́ре or Pechorskoye More) is a sea at the northwest of Russia the southeastern part of the Barents Sea. The western border of the sea is off Kolguyev Island while the eastern border is the western coasts of Vaygach Island and the Yugorsky Peninsula and the northern border the southern end of Novaya Zemlya. The Pechora Sea is quite shallow its average depth being only 6 m. The deepest point reaches 210 m.
 Lake Nighthorse is a reservoir created by the Ridges Basin Dam in La Plata County Colorado. As part of the Animas-La Plata Water Project Lake Nighthorse provides water storage to for tribal and water right claim-holders along the Animas River.
 The Valea Remetii River is a tributary of the Pogăniş River in Romania.
 The Valea Baciului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Råna is a mountain in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The mountain sits on the municipal border between Ørsta Municipality and Sykkylven Municipality. It is part of Hjelledalstindane mountains in the Sunnmørsalpene range. The 1586-metre (5203 ft) tall mountain is located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of the village of Store Standal in Ørsta Municipality and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south of the village of Straumgjerde in Sykkylven Municipality.
 Col de Port (el. 1249 m.) is a mountain pass in the French Pyrenees between Massat and Tarascon-sur-Ariège in the massif de l'Arize. It links the Couserans and Ariège valleys.The pass is used occasionally in the Tour de France and is popular with touring cyclists.The name of the pass is tautological as Col means pass in French and Port means pass in Occitan.
 Mooselookmeguntic Lake is located in Franklin County and Oxford County Maine in the United States. It is part of the Androscoggin River watershed.Mooselookmeguntic Lake receives water from several sources. The Cupsuptic River flows into Cupsuptic Lake which is directly connected with the northern part of Mooselookmeguntic Lake. The Rangeley River and Kennebago River both flow into northeastern Mooselookmeguntic Lake.
 Troutbeck Tongue is a small fell located in the English Lake District three miles (five kilometres) east of Ambleside. It is one of 214 hills listed in Alfred Wainwright's Pictorial Guides to the Lakeland Fells which makes it a popular attraction for walkers who are aiming to complete all the Wainwrights. Because of it is moderate height and proximity to a main road it is a pleasant half-day excursion that can be done when the higher fells are in cloud.
 Bellcow Lake is a lake located within the city limits of Chandler Oklahoma in a section of the city located to the northwest of its central district just off Interstate 44 and Oklahoma State Highway 18.
 Policki Nurt is a river of Poland a tributary of the Łarpia.
 Ahern Glacier is a small tributary glacier flowing east from the Churchill Mountains between Mount Lindley and Mount Hoskins to enter Starshot Glacier. It was named by the Holyoake Cobham and Queen Elizabeth Ranges Party of the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (1964–65) for B.
 Geumwonsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1353 metres.
 Akademia Nauk (Russian: Академия Наук - Academy of Sciences) is a volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. The volcano is filled with a few calderas and the most notable one is known as Karymsky Lake ( named after Karyms).The volcano is named after the Росси́йская Акаде́мия Нау́к the Russian (Soviet) Academy of Sciences.
 Mount Tomanivi previously named Mount Victoria is an extinct volcano located in the northern highlands of Viti Levu. At 1324 metres (4344 ft) Mount Tomanivi is the highest mountain in Fiji. A trail leads to the summit of Tomanivi from the village of Navai. The main river systems the Rewa Navua Sigatoka and Ba all have their headwaters in the central mountain area.
 The Pârâul lui Martin is a tributary of the Schitu River in Romania.
 Lizard Pond is a lake located on Vancouver Island Canada south east of Hiwatchas Mountain.
 The Gila Mountains (Graham County) is a mountain range in central-east Arizona. It borders the Gila River and Gila Valley on the valley's northeast in north-central Graham County; also the San Carlos Indian Reservation. The mountain range sits on the southern perimeter of the White Mountains and is located in the southeast area of Arizona's transition zone.The Gila Mountains lie northwest of Safford Arizona and the Santa Teresa Mountains lie to the southwest across the Gila Valley.
 The Birch River (Minnesota) is a river of Minnesota.
 Donner Pass (el. 7056 ft (2151 m)) is a mountain pass in the northern Sierra Nevada above Donner Lake about 9 miles (14 km) west of Truckee California. It has a steep approach from the east and a gradual approach from the west.The pass has been used by the California Trail First Transcontinental Railroad Overland Route Lincoln Highway (later U.S.
 Duck Creek (Brazos River) is a river in Texas.
 Stuorajávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 23.71-square-kilometre (9.15 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) northwest of the village of Kautokeino.
 The Gehrihorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Frutigen in the Bernese Oberland. It lies at the northern end of the range between the Kandertal and the Kiental.
 Panther Creek is a west draining left bank tributary of the Little Schuylkill River's drainage basin and rises in the vicinity of the east-side of Lansford in the plateau-like nearly flat terrain of the complex three-way saddle between Mount Pisgah to its east Nesquehoning Ridge to the north and Pisgah Ridge to the south both ridgelines flanking it's entire course as it makes its way ENE-to-WSW.
 The Valea lui Voicu River is a tributary of the Jilţ River in Romania.
 Crowsnest Mountain is a mountain located in the extreme southwestern corner of Alberta Canada near the Crowsnest Pass. The mountain was originally named by the local Cree Indians due to the ravens that nested in the area.The mountain is isolated from the nearby High Rock Range except for its northerly neighbour the Seven Sisters Mountain.
 The Hocking River is a tributary of the Ohio River in southeastern Ohio in the United States.The Hocking flows mostly on the unglaciated Allegheny Plateau but its headwaters are in a glaciated region. It rises in Bloom Township in Fairfield County and flows generally southeastwardly through Fairfield Hocking and Athens Counties through the Hocking Hills region and past the cities of Lancaster Logan Nelsonville Athens and Coolville. It joins the Ohio River at Hockingport.
 The Trevallyn Dam is a dam on the South Esk River in Launceston Tasmania Australia and is used to provide water for hydroelectricity. The dam was completed in 1955 as part of the Trevallyn Hydro Electric Scheme and now holds the waters of Lake Trevallyn.
 The Oiartzun River (pronounced [oiaɾts̻un]) is a short river in the Basque Country in the north of the Iberian Peninsula. It is the smallest river of Gipuzkoa flowing into the Bay of Biscay (Atlantic basin); the river joins the sea at the Bay of Pasaia. The river rises in the Aiako Harria massif at an altitude higher than 700 m.
 The Riverside Mountains are a mountain range in Riverside County California. The town of Vidal California is located in the West Riverside Mountains.
 Ruger Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Ruger Lake is situated in the Upper Camas Valley and is .50 miles (0.80 km) south of Lake Evangeline. Nearby mountains include Longfellow Peak and Paul Bunyans Cabin to the west.
 The Calenberg Land (German: Calenberger Land) is a historic landscape southwest of Hanover in Germany roughly formed by the countryside between the Leine and the Deister hills. The name of this region comes from the Principality of Calenberg ruled the area during the Middle Ages with its seat at Calenberg Castle near Pattensen.
 Wipfra is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Trübsee is a mountain lake in the municipality of Wolfenschiessen in the Swiss canton of Nidwalden. The lake lies at the foot of the Titlis and above the resort town of Engelberg. It is reacheable from this town by cable car or after rather long walking uphill.
 Nyskie Lake (Polish: Jezioro Nyskie or Jezioro Głębinowskie) is a reservoir constructed on Nysa Kłodzka river in Poland in 1971. Its name comes from the nearby town of Nysa. The dam that created the reservoir is 2 kilometer long and 20 meters high. Total area of the lake is 2000 hectares with 124 million cubic meters of water. Before creation of the reservoir several villages had been resettled. By the lake a hydroelectric power plant is located.
 The Orere River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally northeast from the Hunua Ranges reaching the Firth of Thames at Orere Point close to the point where the firth widens into the Hauraki Gulf.
 The Pârâul Rău is a tributary of the Domesnic River in Romania.
 An Ruadh-stac is a Scottish mountain situated in the Wester Ross region of the Highland council area. It is located 26 km north east of Kyle of Lochalsh.
 Kirnau is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Ilișua River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Moravița River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 The Machaquila River is a river of Guatemala.
 The Riachuelo Quilañanco is a river of Chile.
 Heap Steep Glacier is located east of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the US state of Wyoming. The glacier is situated in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest and is among the largest grouping of glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains. Heap Steep Glacier is in a north facing cirque below the summit of Sunbeam Peak. A large terminal moraine and small proglacial lake are located below the glacier.
 The Abbey River (Irish: Abhainn na Mainistreach) is a distributary arm of the River Shannon that flows around the northeastern eastern and southern shores of King's Island Limerick before rejoining the Shannon. It is bridged by the Abbey Bridge Baals Bridge the Canal Bridge Matthew Bridge O'Dwyer Bridge and the Sylvester O'Halloran Footbridge.
 The Jilțul Mic River is a tributary of the Jilţ River in Romania.
 The Căianu River is a tributary of the Gădălin River in Romania.
 Kaldefjellet is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway.
 The Las Alturas are a mountain range in Kings County California.
 Mont Agel is a mountain located on the border between France and Monaco. The summit of this mount at 1148 metres (3766 ft) above sea level is situated on the French side but the highest point of Monaco lying on a pathway named Chemin des Révoires is situated on its slopes at an altitude of 161 metres (528 feet).
 Uhtjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Gemauerter Stein is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Ranworth Broad is an expanse of water lying in the valley of the River Bure in Norfolk England. Like other broads it is believed to have been formed by the flooding of mediaeval peat workings.
 Har Hotzvim (Hebrew: הר חוצבים‎ lit. Stonecutter's Mountain) also Campus of Science-Rich Industries (Hebrew: קריית תעשיות עתירות מדע‎ Kiryat Ta'asiyot Atirot Mada) is a high-tech industrial park located in northwest Jerusalem Israel. It is the city's main zone for science-based and technology industries among them Intel Teva Amdocs NDS Ophir Optronics Sandvine Radware and IDT Global Israel.
 Eßmühler Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Mahinapua is a shallow lake on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. It is roughly 10km south of Hokitika and near the small town of Ruatapu. It was formerly a coastal lagoon but the buildup of coastal dunes made it an inland lake roughly 500 m from the Tasman Sea coastline.In 1907 the Lake Mahinapua Scenic Reserve was established to protect the land around the lake and a number of walking tracks run through this area.
 The Chicago Portage is a water gap connecting the watersheds (BrE: drainage basins) and the navigable waterways of the Mississippi River and the Great Lakes. It cuts through the Valparaiso Moraine crossing the continental divide that separates the Great Lakes and Gulf of St. Lawrence watersheds from the Gulf of Mexico watershed making it one of the most strategic points in the interior of the North American continent.
 Sheep Mountain (8530 feet (2600 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 The Chirileni River is a tributary of the Şaru River in Romania.
 Beinn a’ Chaorainn is a Scottish mountain situated on the northern side of Glen Spean in the Lochaber region of the Highland Council area. The mountain which is located 30 km east-northeast of Fort William is one of several of the same name in the Scottish Highlands and should not be confused with another well known Beinn a’ Chaorainn in the Cairngorms.
 Lütsche is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Brandenkopf is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Rebrișoara Mare River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 Blue Knob is a Pennsylvania summit with a broad dome that is the most northern of the 3000 footers in the range of Allegheny Mountains. The mountain is the site of 5874-acre (23.77 km2) Blue Knob State Park and contains approximately 18 miles (29 km) of hiking trails and numerous overlooks. A ski area is located on the mountain's north slopes. The towns of Johnstown Altoona and Bedford are located within 25 miles (40 km) of the mountain.
 Přerovská hůra (also Bělice or Bílá hůrka - Přerov hill White hill) is a hill in the central part of Labe lowlands in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. A fortification was built on the top of the hill during the Iron Age and was used by the Celts and early Slavs. The fortification is not dug out.
 The Servinoasa River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
 Kunów Lake is small lake in Lubartów County in Poland near Lake Firlej.
 The Kakshaal Too (Kyrgyz: Какшаал Тоо also Kokshaal Too) is a large mountain range in the Central Tien-Shan. It stretches for a length of 582 km (in Kyrgyzstan) between Kyrgyzstan and China. The highest point in the range is Jengish Chokusu (7439 metres (24406 ft)). The range is mainly composed of limestones siltstones sandstones conglomerates and argillites of Paleozoic intruded by granites granosyenite and syenite.
 The Capricórnio River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Storfrøyningen (Southern Sami: Freavnanjaevrie stoerre) is a lake in the municipality of Namsskogan in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake lies about 700 metres (2300 ft) west of the European route E6 highway and the river Namsen about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the village of Namsskogan.
 The Izvoarele River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.
 The River Rea is a small river that flows through south east Shropshire England and passes just to the east of the small market town of Cleobury Mortimer before entering the Teme at Newnham Bridge in Worcestershire. Its waters eventually reach the Bristol Channel via the Severn. The upper stretch of the river is known as the Rea Brook.
 Cyfrwy is a subsidiary summit of Cadair Idris in the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd northwest Wales. It lies to the west of Cadair Idris and is often climbed with Cadair Idris by taking the Pony Path. The summit is bare an rocky and marked with a cairn. The north and east face has large cliffs. A rock climb/extreme scramble known as the Cyfrwy ridge is found here. This ridge is very steep and rope and rock climbing skills will be needed.
 Mount Mikuni (三国山 Mikuni-san) is part of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Walker Creek is a northwest-flowing stream in western Marin County California United States. It originates at the confluence of Salmon Creek and Arroyo Sausal and empties into Tomales Bay south of Dillon Beach California.
 The Mihăileasca River is a tributary of the Gurasada River in Romania.
 Levelland Mountain is the highest point in the Raven Cliffs Wilderness in Lumpkin and Union counties Georgia. The mountain is traversed by the Appalachian Trail and is in the Chattahoochee National Forest. The summit is the tenth-highest peak in the Union County.
 Nevado de Longaví (in Mapudungun: snake's head) is a stratovolcano in the Andes of central Chile. The 3242 m perennially snowcapped peak is a landmark of Linares Province and the Maule Region visible from practically every point in the Central Valley of the province and the neighbouring Province of Cauquenes.Treking in Longaví is very demanding and provides view of virgin forests and glaciers the Laguna Achibueno and stands of rare cypress trees south of the snowy Cerro el Toro.
 Mittagsplatzl is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Ternopil pond or lake - is a large artificial pond set in the center of Ternopil in the place of swamps on the river Seret. A large pond in the center of the city was created at the initiative of Crown Hetman J. Tarnovsky during the construction of the Ternopil Castle. The main purpose of the pond was to protect the castle. In addition it was also used for fish breeding. Today Ternopil pond is surrounded by a park. It is a favorite walking place of residents and visitors of the city.
 Spieser Schlossberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Little Stewart River is an 8.9-mile-long (14.3 km) river in Lake County Minnesota United States. It is a tributary of the Stewart River.
 Willow Creek is a 79-mile (127 km) long tributary of the Columbia River located in the U.S. state of Oregon. It drains 880 square miles (2279 km2) of Morrow and Gilliam counties. Arising in the Blue Mountains it flows generally northwest to its confluence with the Columbia River upstream of Arlington.
 Ben Tee (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn an t-Sìthidh [ˈpeiɲ əɲ ˈtʲiː.ɪ]) is a Scottish mountain situated in the Lochaber area of the Highland council area some 15 kilometres north of Spean Bridge. It is rated as one of the best of Scotland’s smaller mountains with Hamish Brown saying:
 Col d'Izoard (2361 m (7746 ft)) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Hautes-Alpes in France.It is accessible in summer via the D902 road connecting Briançon on the north and the valley of the Guil in Queyras which ends at Guillestre in the south. There are forbidding and barren scree slopes with protruding pinnacles of weathered rock on the upper south side.
 Jeust is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 Kavachi is one of the most active submarine volcanoes in the south-west Pacific Ocean. Located south of Vangunu Island in the Solomon Islands it is named after a sea god of the New Georgia Group islanders and is also referred to locally as Rejo te Kavachi (Kavachi's oven’).
 The Bradford Canal was a 3.5-mile (5.6 km) English canal which ran from the Leeds and Liverpool Canal at Shipley into the centre of Bradford. It opened in 1774 and was closed in 1866 when it was declared to be a public health hazard. Four years later it reopened with a better water supply and closed for the second time in 1922. It was subsequently filled in although consideration has been given to restoring it.
 Llandegfedd Reservoir (also known as Llandegveth Reservoir) is a large 174 hectare water supply reservoir and is eight miles (13 km) north of Newport in south Wales. The reservoir is very close to Pontypool Cwmbran and Usk.
 Hallgarter Zange is a Taunus mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Rivière Roche is a river of Martinique.
 Tiny Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 683.Tiny Lake is northwest of Merriam Peak and located in the lower section of the Boulder Chain Lakes Basin.
 Tapada Lake is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 206 m its surface area is 19.01 km².
 Corcovado Volcano (Spanish pronunciation: [korkoˈβaðo]) is a stratovolcano located about 25 km south of the mouth of Yelcho River in the Palena Province Los Lagos Region Chile. The glacially eroded volcano is flanked by Holocene cinder cones. The most distinctive feature of this volcano is its stepped top similar to that of Puntiagudo Volcano. At its foot lies a series of beautiful lakes.
 Bettenbach is a river in Hesse Germany.
 The Roaring River is a 6.5-mile-long (10.5 km) tributary of the Fall River in Larimer County Colorado. The river's source is Crystal Lake in the Mummy Range of Rocky Mountain National Park The river flows through Lawn Lake before a confluence with the Fall River in Horseshoe Park. The collapse of the Lawn Lake Dam in 1982 scoured the river's channel and deposited an alluvial fan of debris in Horseshoe Park.
 The Manouane River flows from west to east in the Haute-Mauricie (Upper-Mauricie) at northwest of La Tuque in the administrative region of Lanaudière and Mauricie in the Province of Quebec Canada. The river basin is mostly covered by forest.
 The Lokka Reservoir (in Finnish: Lokan tekojärvi Lokan allas short form Lokka) is a reservoir upstream of the Luiro River in Sodankylä in northern Finland. Depending on the water level its area ranges from 216 to 418 km². The corresponding water levels above mean sea level are 240–245 meters. The filling of the reservoir Lokka began in 1967 and with this reservoir the amount of water coming to the power plants in Kemijoki could be regulated.
 Skjerjavatnet is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Vaksdal and Modalen in Hordaland county Norway. The 7.37-square-kilometre (2.85 sq mi) lake sits at an elevation of 964 metres (3163 ft) above sea level in the mountains between the Modalen and Eksingedalen valleys. The southwest and northeast ends of the lake are both dammed up so that the lake can be regulated for hydroelectric power.
 Lake Hévíz is located close to Hévíz Hungary near the western end of Lake Balaton 8 kilometres (5 mi) from Keszthely.It is the second largest thermal lake in the world (47500 square metres (511286 sq ft) in area). The flow of water is very strong and the lake is believed to be completely replenished each day.
 Tumba (Bulgarian and Macedonian: Тумба) is a peak in the Belasica mountains in the region of Macedonia. The peak 1880 metres (6170 ft) in height lies on Belasica's main ridge west of Lozen Peak and east of Sechena Skala Peak. A dome-shaped mountain with steep southern and northern slopes Tumba is covered with low subalpine vegetation and is made of metamorphic rock. Tumba is notable as the point where the national borders of Bulgaria Greece and the Republic of Macedonia meet.
 Stocks Reservoir is a reservoir situated at the head of the Hodder valley in the Forest of Bowland Lancashire England (historically in the West Riding of Yorkshire until 1974). The reservoir has a fly fishing club which is very popular in the summer months and a small cafe which is popular with walkers. The Board House is a building used for meetings by United Utilities and is located on the western shores of the reservoir near the Hodder Water Treatment Works.
 The Grivele River is a tributary of the Surpata river in Romania.
 Hoodoo Mountain is a potentially active flat-topped stratovolcano in the Stikine Country of northwestern British Columbia Canada located 74 km (46 mi) northeast of Wrangell Alaska on the north side of the lower Iskut River and 30 km (19 mi) east of its junction with the Stikine River. It is situated in the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains and has been in existence since the Late Pleistocene stage of the Pleistocene epoch which began 130000 years ago and ended 10000 years ago.
 The Grămăticu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Byavatnet is a lake in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located about 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) south of the village of Ekne and about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) west of Ronglan. The lake Hammervatnet lies about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) south of Byavatnet and the lake Sønningen lies about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) to the northwest. The 2.31-square-kilometre (570-acre) lake is about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) long and about 800 metres (0.5 mi) wide.
 Kikkajärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Ash Hill is a volcano in Wiri in the Auckland Volcanic Field. A low tuff cone with an explosion crater about 150m wide it is now covered by industrial development. It peaked at roughly 30 metres above sea level (approximately 8 metres higher than the surrounding land).Ash Hill was named after nearby Ash Road by Searle. Ash Road was named after ash trees not volcanic ash. Radiocarbon dating gave Ash Hill the age of 31800 +/- 159 calendar years BP a similar age to nearby Wiri Mountain.
 Allqamarinayuq (Aymara and Quechua allqamari mountain caracara -na -yuq Quechua suffixes the one with a place of the mountain caracara or the one which has got a place of the mountain caracara hispanicized spelling Alcamarinayoc) or Qullqi Cruz (Aymara and Quechua qullqi money silver Spanish cruz cross silver cross hispanicized Colquecruz Colque Cruz) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 6102 metres (20020 ft) high.
 The Indian River is a river in Yukon Canada. It is in the Bering Sea drainage basin and is a right tributary of the Yukon River.
 The Betegosul River is a tributary of the Zăbala River in Romania.
 Mont Gerbier de Jonc is a mountain of volcanic (phonolitic) origin located in the Massif Central in France. It rises to an altitude of 1551 m (5089 ft) and its base contains three springs that are the source of the Loire France's longest river. It is the second most-visited site in the département of Ardèche after the Ardèche Gorges.
 The Laolao River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Blue Jay Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 458 along the Queens River.Blue Jay Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 Island Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 The Nadăș River (Hungarian: Nádas) is a tributary of the Anaș River in Romania. The name in Hungarian means reedy. The Romanian name derives from that.
 Mount Haruna (榛名山 Haruna-san) is a dormant stratovolcano in Gunma eastern Honshū Japan.
 Phnom Kong Rei or Kong Rei Mountain is a mountain range in Kampong Chhnang Province Cambodia.
 The Lakhandei River is a river in southern Nepal and in the state of Bihar in India. It is a main tributary of the Bagmati River.In Nepal the river basin lies in the Sarlahi District and the river originates in the Sivalik Hills. The river enters India in the Sitamarhi district of Bihar and flows through the town of Sitamarhi. It then enters the Muzaffarpur district and joins the Bagmati at Katra (within the Muzaffarpur district).The Lankhandei is known for flooding.
 Observation Peak is a mountain located in Banff National Park Alberta Canada. The mountain can be seen from the Icefields Parkway near the Bow Summit.The peak was named in 1898 by Charles L. Noyes a Boston clergyman who upon climbing to the top found it to have the best viewpoint he had ever reached.The mountain can be scrambled using the western slopes and after reaching the top of the false summit a 20 minute plod to the northwest leads to the true summit about 100 metres (328 ft) higher.
 The Estero Chimbarongo is a river of Chile.
 The Seman is a river in western Albania. It is formed at the confluence of the rivers Osum and Devoll a few km northwest of Kuçovë. It flows west through Fier-Shegan and Mbrostar (near Fier). It flows into the Adriatic Sea near Topojë.In ancient times the Seman River was known as the Apsus River.
 The Cordillera Real (also Cordillera of Quito Cordillera Central of Ecuador) is a chain of mountains in the Andes of Ecuador the largest of them volcanic. They are continued by the Cordillera Central of Peru to the south and the Cordillera Central of Colombia to the north. The Cordillera Real includes Antisana Cotopaxi and Cayambe while Chimborazo is in the Cordillera Occidental.
 The Consata River is a river of Bolivia.
 Pizzo di Claro (also known as Visagno) is a 2727 metres high mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. It overlooks Claro on its western side although Cresciano is closer. On its eastern side it overlooks the valley of Calanca near Arvigo (Graubünden). A small lake lies west of the summit at 2198 metres Lago Canee.Marked trails lead to the summit from both sides the shortest route starting from above Arvigo.
 Isirere Lake or Iserere Lake is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 258 m its surface area is 19.3 km².
 Bözberg Pass (el. 569 m.) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.It connects the Frick River valley and Brugg and is the shortest road between Basel and Zürich.Two tunnels have been dug under the pass one for the Federal Railway and one for the A-3 Autobahn.
 The Uștubeu River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 Brennhaugen is a mountain of Akershus Norway.
 Vulcan named after the Roman god of fire is an inactive volcano on Albuquerque New Mexico's West Mesa. It is the largest of the volcanoes in Albuquerque's Volcanic Field . Vulcan is a spatter cone formed primarily by fire fountains that were active in the central vent and in smaller vents on flanks of the cone. These flank vents formed the arches and caves seen today.
 Lac de Madamète is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 2299 m its surface area is 0.026 km².
 The Ţapu River is a tributary of the Palanca River in Romania.
 Parsberg (Berg) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Czarna Woda is a river of Poland a tributary of the Kaczawa which it meets in Legnica. Among its tributaries is the Skora.
 Governor’s Punch Bowl is a small alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Boulder Mountains in Sawtooth National Recreation Area. While no trails lead to the lake it is most easily accessed from Idaho State Highway 75 near Galena Summit.
 The Chatanika River is a 128-mile (206 km) tributary of the Tolovana River in the U.S. state of Alaska. The Chatanika River is a clear or lightly tannic stained rapid-runoff stream that has its headwaters in the mountains of the northeastern portion of the Alaska Range and flows westward through valleys between summits and uplands for about four-fifths of its length before it enters Minto Flats.
 Vegdi River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Bhervi village. Its basin has a maximum length of 26 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 119 km2.
 Lesser Slave Lake is a lake located in central Alberta Canada northwest of Edmonton. It is the second largest lake entirely within Alberta boundaries (and the largest easily accessible by vehicle) covering 1160 km2 (450 sq mi) and measuring over 100 km (62 mi) long and 15 km (9.3 mi) at its widest point. Lesser Slave Lake averages 11.4 m (37 ft) in depth and is 20.5 m (67 ft) at its deepest. It drains eastwards into the Athabasca River by way of the Lesser Slave River.
 Cayoosh Creek is a northeast-flowing tributary of the Seton River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The name is used locally to refer to the final reaches of the Seton River formerly Seton Creek and remains on the bridge-sign crossing the stream on BC Highway 99.
 The Taquara River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Wilde Gera (Erfurt) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The River Carno (Welsh: Afon Carno) is a river in Powys mid Wales.
 Thornapple River is a river in Sawyer and Rusk counties in the U.S. state of Wisconsin.The Thornapple rises in northeast Sawyer County in the Chequamegon National Forest at 45°56′21″N 90°45′29″W. It flows primarily south-southwest into the Chippewa River near Bruce at 45°27′40″N 91°15′09″W.Among the tributaries of the Thornapple there are two streams named Little Thornapple River.
 The Wandfluhhorn (also known as Pizzo Biela) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It overlooks Bosco Gurin on its (Swiss) eastern side and Formazza on its (Italian) western side. Reaching a height of 2863 metres above sea level the Wandfluhhorn is the highest summit of the Bosco Gurin valley.
 The Mandel is a 40 km (25 mi) long river in the Belgian province of West Flanders left tributary of the Leie (Lys). Its source is located in Passendale. It flows through Roeselare and Ingelmunster and flows into the Leie near Waregem.
 Mount Leval is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after Leval Gaston de.
 Temescal Mountains formerly the Sierra Temescal are one of the northernmost mountain ranges of the Peninsular Ranges in western Riverside County in Southern California in the United States. They extend for approximately 25 mi (40 km) southeast of the Santa Ana River east of the Elsinore Fault Zone to the Temecula Basin and form the western edge of the Perris Block.
 Ogosta (Bulgarian: Язовир Огоста) is a lake in the North West of Bulgaria. It is the second largest artificial lake in Bulgaria and The Balkan Peninsula and one of the biggest in Europe. It collects the waters of the rivers Ogosta Burzia and Zlatitsa and is located about 600 meters to the south-west of the border of Montana city and 60 m. above the level of the city. The water collecting basin is with area of 948 km2 and the area of the lake itself is 24 hectares.
 The Conceição River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Stawamus River /stəˈwɑːmʉs/ is a small creek-like river in British Columbia. It enters the Howe Sound east of the mouth of the Squamish River.
 The Cañar River is a river of Ecuador.
 The Pârâul Tocii is a tributary of the Zebracu River in Romania
 Ogof Hesp Alyn (Welsh for: Dry Alyn Cave) was discovered by North Wales Caving Club in 1973 in the Alyn Gorge near Cilcain Flintshire Wales. Reaching the end of the cave is a serious commitment involving 24 pitches most requiring specialist single rope technique equipment and the draining of two sumps. A perpetual siphon is in place at the first sump which does a good job of keeping the water level relatively low when working properly.
 Mehøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 White Lake is a medium-sized lake of Ontario Canada. It is located 60 km West of Ottawa Ontario near Calabogie to the west and Arnprior to the North. It may be accessed via Highway 417 from Ottawa or Renfrew Country Road 511 from Perth.
 Hoher Ziegspitz is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Kerkini (Greek: Λίμνη Κερκίνη) is an artificial reservoir that was created in 1932 and then redeveloped in 1980 on the site of what was previously an extremely extensive marshland.Before 1932 there were irregular marsh lakes on Strymon one of them called Podkova Ottoman Turkish: ݒودقوه كولي Podkova Gölü [1] became the mother of Kerkini.Lake Kerkini is now one of if not the premier birding site in Greece and as it is situated along the migratory flyway for migratory birds en route to the Aegean Sea the Balkan region the Black Sea the Hungarian steppes and beyond it experiences an interesting migration.In the flat and semi-mountainous area important hydrobiospheres are developing which are of great international significance and acceptance. 
 The Lake Wellesley is a lake in Yukon Canada with an area of 72 km².The lake is popular for angling.
 Mount Whisler is a mountain of the British Empire Range on Canada's Ellesmere Island. It is the second highest peak of the British Empire Range of Ellesmere Island and of the Arctic Cordillera. It is located about 12 km (7.5 mi) northeast of Barbeau Peak (2616 m (8583 ft)) the highest peak in the Cordillera. The Henrietta Nesmith Glacier completely surrounds Mount Whisler.The United States Army Signal Corps first mapped Mount Whisler in 1882 during their Lady Franklin Bay Expedition.
 Sonnenkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Dry Creek Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming on Dry Creek Ridge a high altitude plateau to the east of the main summits of the Wind River Range. The toe of the glacier has an unnamed proglacial lake and the glacier has a moderate slope which descends from 12320 to 11800 ft (3760 to 3600 m).
 The Itabapoana is a river forming the border between Espírito Santo and Rio de Janeiro states in eastern Brazil.
 Atlin Mountain at 6712 feet (2046 m) is a medium-sized mountain located next to Atlin Lake in the northern end of the Coast Mountain range in British Columbia Canada. It is home to the Atlin Mountain Challenge and Snow Drags snowmobile event and the Atlin Mountain Hill Climb.
 The Maiden Paps are twin hills near Hawick in the Scottish Borders of the south east of Scotland that have the shape of human breasts. They are located 12 km south of Hawick; the higher pap is 510 m and the lower 500 m high.Although there are some well defined hills like the Maiden Paps the Roxburgh Hills are gently rolling for the most part like much of the Southern Uplands.
 Kimsa Chata (Aymara and Quechua kimsa three Pukina chata mountain three mountains hispanicized spellings Quimsa Chata Quimsachata Quinsa Chata) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia about 4648 m (15249 ft) high. It is one of the highest elevations of the Waylla Marka mountain range that runs down from Waylla Marka (Huayllamarca) to Qhurqhi (Corque) west of Uru Uru Lake.
 Pollnagollum–Poulelva (usually referred to as Pollnagollum or Poulnagollum) is an active stream passage cave situated in County Clare Ireland.
 Schooley's or officially Schooleys Mountain is a mountain ridge in northern New Jersey that stretches from Lake Hopatcong in the north to Hampton in the south. It is the last ridge in the group of parallel mountains that includes Allamuchy Mountain and the Kittatinny Mountains before the Piedmont Plateau and drop off to New York City.
 Sutton Lake is a 1520-acre (6 km2) reservoir on the Elk River in Braxton and Webster counties West Virginia. Sutton Lake is located just upstream of Sutton. It was authorized by Congress in the Flood Control Act of 1938. Construction of the dam began in 1956 and was completed in 1961. The dam is 210 feet (64 m) high 1178 feet (359 m) long and constructed of concrete. The lake was named by Congressional action Public Law 90-46 July 4 1967.
 Heiligenkopf is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 Tiznados River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Pointe d'Aveneyre (2026 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located east of Villeneuve in the canton of Vaud. It lies south of the Rochers de Naye on the range overlooking Lake Geneva.
 The Pearson River is a river of the Otago Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from Mount Aspiring's glacial lake which is fed by the Volta and Bonar Glaciers to reach the Waiatoto River.
 The Valea Dragoslăvenilor River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Lac de Villegusien (also known as Réservoir de la Vingeanne) is a lake in Haute-Marne France. Its surface area is 1.99 km².The Lac de Villegusien lies in the communes of Villegusien-le-Lac and Longeau-Percey.
 Picasso is a crater on Mercury. It has drawn scientific attention because of the large arc-shaped pit crater located on the eastern side of its floor. Similar pits have been discovered on the floors of several other Mercury craters such as Beckett and Gibran. These pits are postulated to have formed when subsurface magma subsided or drained causing the surface to collapse into the resulting void.
 Gonna (Helme) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Doll Mountain 1930 feet (590 m) is a prominent peak in the Taconic Mountains of western Massachusetts. The mountain is located in Pittsfield State Forest. The summit is wooded and trailless but the multi-use Doll Mountain Trail traverses its northern slopes. The mountain is wooded with northern hardwood tree species. Doll Mountain is located within Hancock Massachusetts.
 Tejo River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Goeppert-Mayer is a crater on the planet Venus. It is 35 kilometers (22 mi) in diameter and lies above an escarpment at the edge of a ridge belt in Southern Ishtar Terra. West of the crater the scarp has more than one kilometer (0.6 miles) of relief.
 Hofsee is a lake at Satow Fünfseen Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 90.3 m its surface area is 0.127 km².
 Lake Dash (Albanian: Liqeni i Dashit) is a mountain lake in Albania. It is located in the Prokletije near the border with Kosovo. It is one of the largest lakes found in the mountain range with an area a little more than 3.5 hectares. In English Liqeni i Dashit means Stag's Lake.
 The Elqui River starts in the west Andes flowing into the Pacific Ocean crossing the Chilean city of La Serena is a wine and pisco producing area. Vicuña its main town was the home of Nobel Laureate poet Gabriela Mistral.
 Swiftcurrent Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.The glacier is on the east (Glacier County) side of the Continental Divide arête known as the Garden Wall. Swiftcurrent Glacier is one of several glaciers that are being monitored to determine stream flow alterations that occur due to glacial retreat. Compared to other glaciers in Glacier National Park Swiftcurrent Glacier has experienced relatively slow retreat.
 Store Svartdalspiggen is a mountain at the border of the municipalities of Lom and Vågå in Oppland Norway.
 Budh Planitia is a large basin on Mercury located at 22.0° N 150.9° W. It lies to the east of Odin Planitia. It falls within the Tolstoj quadrangle. It is named after the Hindu word for Mercury Budha.
 Tororo Rock is a rock formation located in the town of Tororo in eastern Uganda.
 Mount Othrys (Greek: όρος Όθρυς - oros Othrys also Όθρη - Othri) is a mountain in central Greece in the northeastern part of Phthiotis and southern part of Magnesia. Its highest summit Gerakovouni situated on the border of Phthiotis and Magnesia is 1726 m amsl. The population density in the mountains is low: there are a few small villages including Anavra in the northwest Kokkotoi in the northeast Palaiokerasia in the south and Neraida in the southwest.
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Valea Viei River located in Romania.
 The Waingaromia River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southwest from its origins 25 kilometres west of Tolaga Bay to reach the Waipaoa River close to Whatatutu.
 Mount Multnomah is a hypothetical ancient volcano postulated in a 1925 publication by geologist Edwin T. Hodge. It was proposed to exist in central Oregon at the present day location of the Three Sisters region.
 Yulupa Creek is a 2.8-mile-long (4.5 km) southeast-flowing perennial stream that rises on the southeastern flanks of the northern Sonoma Mountains in Sonoma County California United States. This creek which drains the eastern slopes of Bennett Mountain is tributary to Sonoma Creek which in turn discharges to San Pablo Bay.
 Wielki Staw (1225 metres (4019 ft) Polish for The Big Pond) - post glacial natural lake in the Krkonoše mountains in western Poland. It is situated in the Karkonosze National Park at the bottom of the cirque on the southern slope of the Smogornia mountain.With its area of 8.3 hectares it is the biggest glacial lake in the whole range. Its depth reaches 25 m the sjores are covered in subalpine species. Waters of the lake host rare species some of them even extinct like Isoetes lacustris.
 The Afon Crai is a river in Powys Wales rising in the Fforest Fawr section of the Brecon Beacons National Park and flowing north into the River Usk. The headwaters known as Blaen-crai flow north from Bwlch Bryn-rhudd a col between the Crai valley and the upper Swansea Valley for 2 km into the Cray Reservoir.
 Pine Lake is a lake located in the city of Sammamish Washington USA about 20 miles east of downtown Seattle. Surrounded by private homes and a city park it is a popular recreation and fishing spot.
 The Holy Brook is a channel of the River Kennet in the vicinity of the English town of Reading Berkshire. While of considerable historical significance the origin and nature of the brook is still unclear.
 Rondslottet is the highest mountain in the Rondane mountain range and is also the highest mountain in the county Hedmark.
 Lake Tragadero (Spanish: Laguna Tragadero) is a lake in Peru's Junín Region.The area has dry winters and warm summers and can be sensitive to seismic activities.The nearest city is Jauja the main city of Jauja Province.
 The Schluchberg (2106 m) is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Obwalden and Nidwalden. It is the highest summit of the chain north of the Storegg pass.
 Blood Indian Creek Reservoir is a reservoir in Alberta. The hamlet of Big Stone is located on the northern end of the reservoir.
 Lake Buckeye a natural freshwater lake in eastern Winter Haven Florida United States is somewhat oval in shape. This lake has a 70.24-acre (284300 m2) surface area. This lake is bordered on the west side by residences and along most of the north and east by woods. Buckeye Road borders the lake on the south and part of the southeast. This lake is very swamplike along its northern eastern and southeastern shores.
 Nipesotsu-Maruyama is a volcanic group situated in Hokkaidō Japan.It is composed of several stratovolcanoes and lava domes including: Mount Nipesotsu Mount Maru (Kamishihoro-Shintoku) Mount Tengu Mount Kotengu Mount Gunkan 1332 Meter Peak Mount Upepesanke↑
 The Padina Chicera River is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania.
 Henness Pass elevation 6916 ft (2108 m) is a mountain pass on the crest of the Sierra Nevada range in Sierra County California. Like most of the well-known Sierra Nevada passes it lies on the Great Basin Divide with the Middle Yuba River on the west and the Little Truckee River on the east. The pass is traversed by Henness Pass Road which despite being even now an unpaved back road was a heavily used travel route during the Gold Rush era.
 Lindley Wood Reservoir is located in the Washburn valley north of Otley in Yorkshire England. It was built between 1869 and 1876. The capacity is about 750 million gallons.It was the first of a chain of four reservoirs built along the River Washburn.
 Gray Wolf Glacier is located in the US state of Montana. The glacier is situated in the Mission Mountains at an elevation of 8000 feet (2400 m) above sea level and is immediately northeast of Gray Wolf Peak. The glacier covers approximately 15 acres (0.061 km2).
 The Cărbunele River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Polblue is a hill on the Barrington Tops plateau. At 1575 m (5167 ft) above sea level it is the second highest point in the area after Brumlow Tops. The surrounding area is covered by sub alpine snow gum woodland and high altitude swamps. Nearby is a popular camping ground and bushwalking trails.
 The Cumpănița River is a tributary of the Topolog River in Romania.
 Monay River is a river of northern Venezuela. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 Bakening (Russian: Бакенинг) (also known as Bakenin (Russian: Бакенин)) is a stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 Kobbvatnet (Lule Sami: Gåpjávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. The 5.07-square-kilometre (1.96 sq mi) lake lies about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of the village of Mørsvikbotn along the European route E06 highway.
 The Sasul River is a tributary of the Izvorul River in Romania.
 Nau is a river of Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria Germany.
 The Sankarani River is a tributary of the Niger River flowing northward from the Fouta Djallon highlands of Guinea it crosses into southern Mali where it joins the Niger approximately 40 km upstream of Bamako.
 The River Dee (Scottish Gaelic: Uisge Dhè) is a river in Aberdeenshire Scotland. It rises in the Cairngorms and flows through Strathdee to reach the North Sea at Aberdeen. The general area is called Deeside or Royal Deeside in the region between Braemar and Banchory because Queen Victoria came to love the place and built Balmoral Castle there.
 The Valea Poienii River is a tributary of the Ponor River in Romania.
 The San Jacinto Mountains (Avii Hanupach in Mojave) are a mountain range east of Los Angeles in southern California in the United States. The mountains are named for Saint Hyacinth (San Jacinto in Spanish).
 The Raft River is a 108-mile-long (174 km) tributary of the Snake River located in northern Utah and southern Idaho in the United States. It is part of the Columbia River Basin.
 Island Creek Pond is a 43-acre (170000 m2) pond in Duxbury Massachusetts in the village of Tinkertown. The pond is located north of Mill Pond south of North Hill Marsh Pond and southwest of Pine Lake and Round Pond. The pond is the headwaters to Island Creek. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish in the pond. Crocker Park an open space area owned by the Town of Duxbury is situated along the southern shore of the pond.
 The Kuloy-Pinega Canal (Russian: Кулой-Пинежский канал) is a canal connecting the Kuloy River and the Pinega River in Northern Russia at their closest points. The length of the canal is 8 kilometres (5.0 mi). The canal was constructed in 1928.The canal is located close to the settlement of Pinega in Pinezhsky District Arkhangelsk Oblast Russia.The Pinega flows in the north-western direction and close to the settlement of Pinega sharply turns south-west.
 The River Camel (Cornish: Dowr Kammel meaning crooked river) is a river in Cornwall UK. It rises on the edge of Bodmin Moor and together with its tributaries drains a great deal of North Cornwall. The river flows into the eastern Celtic Sea between Stepper Point and Pentire Point having covered a stretch of about 30 miles. The river is tidal as far upstream as Egloshayle and is popular for sailing birdwatching and fishing.
 Brent Knoll is a 137 metres (449 ft) high hill on the Somerset Levels in Somerset England. It is located roughly half way between Weston-super-Mare and Bridgwater 2.5 miles (4.0 km) from the Bristol Channel coast at Burnham-on-Sea. At the foot of the hill are two villages East Brent and Brent Knoll which takes its name from the hill but was previously called South Brent.
 Mount Strickland is a mountain in the Saint Elias Mountains of Yukon Canada.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Ashland County Wisconsin. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 1145 feet (349 m).
 The Rutshuru River is a river in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo that drains Lake Mutanda in the foothills of the Virunga Mountains in Uganda flowing northward into Lake Rutanzige (formerly Lake Edward).For most of its length it runs through the Rutshuru Territory in North Kivu province.
 The Purcăreţi River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 Virgin Lake is a small lake located at the edge of the Henry M. Jackson Wilderness Area along the Blanca Lake Trail in Washington USA. The lake is 4577 ft. (1395 m) above sea level. Due to its elevation and the wet climate in the Pacific Northwest Virgin Lake is typically only accessible 4–8 weeks each year in July and August.
 The Dead River is a 10.3-mile-long (16.6 km) tributary of Sabattus Pond in the U.S. state of Maine.
 The Tête de Balme (2321 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif located on the border between Switzerland and France. It lies on the range north of the Col de Balme culminating at the Croix de Fer.
 Canadarago Lake is the second largest lake in Otsego County New York USA lying to the west of and parallel to the larger Otsego Lake. The lake's name is also spelled Candajarago Lake or Caniadaraga Lake.
 Mount Baldy is located in Washoe County Nevada in the Mount Rose Wilderness. The summit is 3.1 miles (5.0 km) north-northwest of Kings Beach California and 2.4 miles (3.9 km) northwest of Incline Village Nevada both of which are on the north shore of Lake Tahoe.The highest point in Placer County California is on Mount Baldy's west ridge at 9044+ ft (2756+ m) and about 0.3 miles (0.48 km) west-southwest of the summit.
 The Breites Wasser is a lake in the borough of Osterholz-Scharmbeck in the German state of Lower Saxony on the terrain of the Teufelsmoor.A nature reserve of the same name lies around the lake between Worpswede and the village of Teufelsmoor.
 Assean River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Northern Manitoba Canada. Its flows from its source at Little Assean Lake to Clark Lake on the Nelson River.
 Gledić mountains (Serbian Cyrillic: Гледићке планине) is a mountain range in central Serbia between cities of Kragujevac Jagodina and Trstenik. Its highest peak Samar has an elevation of 922 m (3025 ft) above sea level. It is popular with mountain walkers. Of historical cultural and architectural values are monasteries from the 15th and 16th centuries: Kamenac Kalenić and Ljubostinja.Products: Black Locust honey trees sheep and wild life.
 Chimney Rock (K'lpalekw in Secwepemctsin meaning Coyote's Penis) is a limestone formation in Marble Canyon midway between the towns of Lillooet and Cache Creek in British Columbia Canada.
 Angel [German pronunciation: [ˈaŋl̩]] is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. The Angel (river) is 38.2 km long and a tributary of the Werse.
 The Challana River is a river of Bolivia.
 Steel Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Yanaqucha (Quechua yana black very dark qucha lake black lake hispanicized spelling Yanacocha Yanagocha) is a lake in the Andes of Peru located in the Huánuco Region Ambo Province Ambo District. It is situated between the mountains Yanahirka (black mountain hispanicized Yanahirca) in the southwest and Yanaqucha in the northeast.
 The Amanguijá River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Beinn a’ Chroin is a Scottish mountain located six kilometres south of Crianlarich in the Stirling Council area. With a height of 942 metres (3090 feet) it qualifies as a Munro.
 Kawa Garbo or Khawa Karpo (Tibetan: ཁ་བ་དཀར་པོ། ZYPY: Kawagarbo; also transcribed as Kawadgarbo Khawakarpo Moirig Kawagarbo Kawa Karpo or Kha-Kar-Po) as it is known by local residents and pilgrims or Kawagebo Peak (Chinese: 卡瓦格博) is the highest mountain in the Chinese province of Yunnan. It is located on the border between Dêqên County Yunnan and the counties of Zogang and Zayü of the Tibet Autonomous Region.
 The Dengheru River is a tributary of the Latoriţa de Jos River in Romania.
 The Petrișu River or Pietrișu River is a tributary of the Budușelu River in Romania.
 Fairfield is a fell in the English Lake District. It is the highest of a group of hills in the Eastern Fells standing to the south of the Helvellyn range.
 The Laborec (Hungarian: Laborc) is a river in eastern Slovakia that flows through the districts of Medzilaborce Humenne and Michalovce in the Košice Region and the Prešov Region. The river drains the Laborec Highlands.
 This article is about the river in the northwestern United States. For other uses see Snake River (disambiguation).The Snake is a major river of the greater Pacific Northwest in the United States. At 1078 miles (1735 km) long it is the largest tributary of the Columbia River the largest North American river that empties into the Pacific Ocean.
 Not to be confused with Waitekauri River.The Waitekuri River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand's North Island. It flows east from its sources in the Coromandel Range east of Coromandel to reach Whangapoua Harbour four kilometres south of Whangapoua.
 The Mohave Mountains are a small 18-mi (29 km) long mountain range of northwest Arizona. The range is a northwest trending range in southwest Mohave County that parallels a southeast-flowing stretch of the Colorado River the Arizona-California border. The range also forms the southwest border of a flatland region to its east and north namely Dutch Flat which lies east at the south end of Sacramento Valley.
 Cézanne is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 75 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Cézanne is named for the French artist Paul Cézanne who lived from 1839 to 1936.
 The Begu River is a tributary of the Voiteg River in Romania.
 da Vinci is a lunar crater that is located in the eastern part of the Moon to the northwest of Mare Fecunditatis. It lies along the eastern shore of the Sinus Concordiae a bay along the eastern edge of Mare Tranquillitatis. Nearby craters include Watts to the southeast and Lawrence to the southwest both smaller in dimension than da Vinci.This formation has been heavily damaged and reshaped until it is scarcely recognizable as a crater.
 Lake Zabuye is a hypersaline landlocked soda lake located at an elevation of 4400 metres (14400 ft) in the Shigatse Prefecture of Tibet Autonomous Region 1050 km (650 mi) from Lhasa. The lake gives its name to the mineral zabuyelite (lithium carbonate Li2CO3) which was discovered here in 1987 and has been mined since 2004–2005. In 2008 the salt mine at the lake was regarded as the major source of lithium in China.
 Nagy-Milic in Hungarian or Veľký Milič in Slovak is the highest peak of the Hungarian part of the Zemplén Mountains which is part of the Carpathian Mountains. The mountain is situated on the border of Hungary and Slovakia. It is 894 metres tall and is near the northernmost point of Hungary.
 Lac de Caderolles (also known as Lac de la Mane) is a lake near Bagnères-de-Bigorre in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 1988 m its surface area is 0.014 km².
 The Pocono Mountains is or are a geographical geological and cultural region located in northeastern Pennsylvania United States. The Poconos are an upland of the larger Allegheny Plateau. Forming a 2400 square miles (6200 km2) escarpment overlooking the Delaware Valley and Delaware Water Gap to the east the mountains are bordered on the north by Lake Wallenpaupack on the west by the Wyoming Valley and Pennsylvania Dutch Country and to the south by the Lehigh Valley.
 Gorham's Cave is a natural sea cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar considered to be one of the last known habitations of the Neanderthals. It is located on the southeast face of the Rock of Gibraltar. When first inhabited it would have been approximately five kilometres from the shore but due to changes in sea level it is now only a few metres from the Mediterranean Sea.
 The Centennial Range is a sub-range of the Saint Elias Mountains. It is located inside Kluane National Park and Reserve in the far west of the Yukon Territory in Canada. It consists of fourteen major peaks and was named for Canada's Centennial in 1967. Its peaks bear the names of Canada's provinces and territories with the exception of Nunavut which was not a territory at the time. The tallest point is Centennial Peak.
 The Viduța River is a tributary of the Holod (Vida) River in Romania.
 The Magnan is a small river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. Its source is in Aspremont and it flows into the Mediterranean Sea in Nice.
 Kviteseidvatn (or Kviteseidvatnet) is a lake in the municipality of Kviteseid in Telemark county Norway. The lake is part of the Telemark Canal and lies in the Skein watershed.Kviteseidvatn’s inlet is via ‘’Strauman’’ from lake Bandak and it discharges via the ‘’Straumen’’ to Flåvatn.
 The Das Pedras River (Bahia) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Smith Mountain Lake is a large reservoir in the Roanoke Region of Virginia located southeast of the City of Roanoke and southwest of Lynchburg. The lake was created in 1963 by the Smith Mountain Dam impounding the Roanoke River. The majority of the south shore of the lake lies in Franklin County while a small portion including access to the dam lies in Pittsylvania County. Bedford County makes up the northern half of the lake with the Roanoke River as the dividing line.
 The Podul Turcului River or Draga River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Traun (About this sound Pronunciation ) is a river in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. Its source is in the Totes Gebirge mountain range in Styria. It flows through the Salzkammergut area and the lakes Hallstätter See and Traunsee. The Traun is a right tributary of the Danube which it meets near the City of Linz. Other towns along the river are Bad Aussee Bad Ischl Gmunden Wels and Traun.Any fly-fisher will enjoy fishing for the Traun's large grayling.
 Bussey Lake is a backwater lake on the Iowa side of the Upper Mississippi River located about 2 miles (3.2 km) above Lock and Dam No. 10 at Guttenberg Iowa. Measuring 213 acres (0.86 km2) it is part of the Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge.
 The Puntea River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Egg Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Koboltstaler Köpfe (Kobolt Valley Peaks) are a group of three mountains that rise southwest of Sankt Andreasberg and east of Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony. The highest of the three peaks is 673 metres high. The other two summits lie roughly 350 metres east and south of the main peak respectively and are ony a few metres lower.
 Leistnerhübel is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany. It is 879m high and is located 1 km south Ore Mountains.
 The Radomil River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 The Ciurea River is a tributary of the Gârboveta River in Romania.
 The Veljul Mare River is a tributary of the Criş Collector Canal in Romania
 The Kolp (Russian: Колпь) is a river in Boksitogorsky District of Leningrad Oblast and in Babayevsky and Kaduysky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Suda River and belongs to the river basin of the Volga. It is 254 kilometres (158 mi) long with a drainage basin of 3730 square kilometres (1440 sq mi) and an average discharge of 25.2 cubic metres per second (890 cu ft/s) measured 30 kilometres (19 mi) upstream from its mouth.
 Santiam Pass is a 4817-foot (1468 m) mountain pass in the Cascade Range in central Oregon in the United States. It is located on the border between Linn and Jefferson counties about 18 mi (29 km) northwest of Sisters between the prominent volcanic horns of Three Fingered Jack to the north and Mount Washington to the south. Several other smaller volcanoes including cinder cones and tuyas are found near the summit of the pass. U.S.
 Karuah River an open semi-mature tide dominated drowned valley estuary of the Great Lakes system is located in the Mid North Coast and Hunter regions of New South Wales Australia.
 The Frăsinet River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
 Pohorje (pronounced [ˈpoːxɔɾjɛ]) also known as the Pohorje Massif or the Pohorje Mountains (German: Bachergebirge Bacherngebirge or often simply Bachern) is a densely wooded low mountain range in northern Slovenia. The highland is roughly bounded by the triangle formed by the towns of Maribor (to the east) Dravograd (to the west) and Slovenske Konjice (to the south). It measures about 50 km (31 mi) from east to west and 30 km (19 mi) from north to south.
 Tjørnholstind (official form on maps: Tjønnholstinden) is a mountain in Vågå Oppland Norway and lies in the mountain range Jotunheimen south of the lake Gjende and north of the valley Leirungsdalen. On the northern side is a 400 m vertical drop down to Nordre Tjønnholet a glacier. The mountain has two peaks with a narrow ridge between.
 Lake Pleasant is a lake located in Clallam County Washington United States. The lake is one of the few that is surrounded by private property and is open to fishing all year around. Types of fish at Lake Pleasant are rainbow trout kokanee catfish. Salmon spawn in the lake each year. Water activities such as swimming jet skiing water skiing are also allowed on the lake year round. The lake is located near the town of Beaver Washington Between milepost 200 and 202 on U.S. Route 101.
 The Ambin group (Groupe d'Ambin in French Gruppo d'Ambin in Italian) is a sub-range of the Cottian Alps located on the French-Italian border.
 Menengai Crater is a massive shield volcano with one of the biggest calderas in the world located in the Great Rift Valley Kenya. Farmland occupies its flanks.Menengai is located 10 km (6 mi) north of Nakuru the fourth-biggest city in Kenya.
 Warnker See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.5 m its surface area is 0.456 km².
 Ruth Glacier is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. Its upper reaches are almost three vertical miles (4.8 km) below the summit of Mount McKinley. The glacier's Great Gorge is one mile (1.6 km) wide and drops almost 2000 feet (610 m) over ten miles (16 km) with crevasses along the surface. Above the surface on both sides are 5000-foot (1500-m) granite cliffs.
 Arunachala refers to the holy hill at Thiruvannamalai in Tamil Nadu. The hill is also known by the names Arunagiri Annamalai Hill Arunachalam Arunai Sonagiri and Sonachalam.It is one of the five main shaivite holy places in South India. The Annamalaiyar Temple a temple of Lord Shiva is located at the base of the hill. Every year in the Tamil month of Karthigai (October–November) the Karthigai Deepam (Light) is lit atop the hill.
 Pulau Tekong Reservoir (Chinese: 德光岛蓄水池; pinyin: Déguāngdǎo Xùshuǐchí; Malay: Takungan Air Pulau Tekong) is a reservoir located on Pulau Tekong an island in Singapore.The reservoir provides the water supply for all the military installation within the island.
 A pancake dome also known as a lava dome is an unusual type of volcano found on the planet Venus. They are widely scattered on that planet and often form groups or clusters though with smaller numbers of pancake domes in each group than is typical for the more common shield volcanos. They are commonly found near coronae and tesserae (large regions of highly deformed terrain folded and fractured in two or three dimensions believed to be unique to Venus) in the lowland plains.
 Col du Pillon (el. 1546 m) is a mountain pass in the western Swiss Alps linking Aigle Le Sépey and Les Diablerets in the canton of Vaud with Gstaad in the canton of Berne. The pass itself is located within the canton of Vaud approximately one kilometre from the border with Berne. Col du Pillon is overlooked by the Diablerets and at the pass is located the lower station of the Sex Rouge cable car.
 The Blanche River is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in Timiskaming District in northeastern Ontario Canada. The river is a tributary of Lake Timiskaming and its name is from the French for the colour white.
 The Lungșorul River is a tributary of the Dașor River in Romania.
 The Strivinosu River is a tributary of the Roşia River in Romania.
 The Kwanika Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains bounded by Kwanika Creek Klawli River and Nation River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Loibl Pass (German: Loiblpass) or Ljubelj Pass (Slovene: prelaz Ljubelj) is a high mountain pass in the Karavanke chain of the Southern Limestone Alps linking Austria with Slovenia. The century-old pass near the Stol summit is the shortest connection between the Carinthian town of Ferlach and Tržič in Upper Carniola.Different trails were used since ancient times connecting Virunum in the Roman province of Noricum with Emona (at present-day Ljubljana).
 The Măgaru River is a tributary of the Șendroaia River in Romania.
 The Mărcuș River is a tributary of the Dobârlău River in Romania.
 Kadassa River is a river of Sumba Indonesia.
 The Black Canyon Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada.
 Diabelnica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Chojnówka.
 Khao Luang (เขาหลวง) is the tallest mountain in southern Thailand. It is located in Nakhon Si Thammarat Province.
 Sherard Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Located off northern Melville Island's Sabine Peninsula the bay is an arm of Byam Martin Channel. Eden Bay and Weatherall Bay are nearby.
 Uto Peak is a mountain immediately north of Mount Sir Donald in the Selkirk Mountains of British Columbia Canada. The mountain is named for the Uto Section of the Swiss Alpine Club which Emil Huber and Carl Sulze were members of. The Uto section takes its name from the Üetliberg mountain in the Swiss plateau.
 The Upper Nihotupu Reservoir (or Upper Nihotupu Dam) is one of five reservoirs in the Waitakere Ranges that supply water to Auckland New Zealand. Completed in 1923 the concrete gravity dam and its reservoir are managed by Water Care Services Limited a council-owned company.
 El Yunque is a 575 m (1886 ft) high mountain located 7 km (4.3 mi) west of Baracoa and the Baracoa Bay in Cuba's Guantanamo Province. It has a table mountain shape that resembles an anvil (yunque in Spanish).
 The Río Grande de Patillas is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Muurasjärvi is a medium-sized lake of Central Finland. It belongs to the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Keski-Suomi in Pihtipudas munincipality.
 Muddy Creek is a stream which drains portions of Emery and Wayne Counties in central Utah in the western United States. It begins on the eastern slopes of the Wasatch Plateau at elevations above 10500 feet (3200 m). It turns southward near the town of Emery then southeastward where it crosses under Interstate 70.
 Kinzua Creek /ˈkɪnzuː/ is a 26.5-mile (42.6 km) tributary of the Allegheny River in McKean County Pennsylvania in the United States.The upper reaches of the creek pass through Kinzua Bridge State Park where the creek was spanned by the Kinzua Viaduct until a tornado destroyed the viaduct in 2003.Kinzua Creek (Native American for turkey) joins the Allegheny Reservoir 10 miles (16 km) upstream of the city of Warren a few miles upstream of the Kinzua Dam on the Allegheny River.
 Gangkhar Puensum (Tibetan: གངས་དཀར་སྤུན་གསུམ་ Wylie: gangs dkar spun gsum ZYPY: Kanggarbünsum alternatively Gangkar Punsum or Gankar Punzum) is the highest mountain in Bhutan and a strong candidate for the highest unclimbed mountain in the world with an elevation of 7570 metres (24836 ft) and a prominence of 2995 metres (9826 ft). Its name means 3 mountain siblings. It lies on the border with China (however see below for disputes about its exact location).
 Jayu Quta (Aymara jayu salt quta lake salt lake hispanicized spelling Jayu Kkota) is a lake in the Oruro Department in Bolivia. It is situated west of Poopó Lake on the border of the Carangas Province (Corque Municipality) and the Sud Carangas Province (Andamarca Municipality). Jayu Quta is about 3.4 km long and 2.5 km at its widest point.
 Puigsacalm is the highest mountain of the Catalan Transversal Range Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1512 metres above sea level.
 Cara Paraná River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin and is a tributary of the Putumayo River.
 The Webb River is a 16.8-mile-long (27.0 km) river in western Maine. It is a tributary of the Androscoggin River which flows to the Kennebec River and ultimately the Atlantic Ocean.The Webb River begins at the outlet of Webb Lake near the southern border of the town of Weld and flows south quickly entering the town of Carthage where it turns southwest then south again. The southernmost 6 miles (10 km) of the river forms the boundary between the towns of Mexico and Dixfield.
 The Doda River or the Stod River is a river 79 kilometres (49 mi) long which forms the Stod Valley in the Zanskar valley of the Ladakh region in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir.
 Slogen is a mountain rising up from Hjørundfjorden in the municipality of Ørsta in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The mountain is located just west of the municipal boundary with Stranda and just north of the nearby mountain Jakta. Many famous Norwegians have been on the top of this mountain including most notably Queen Sonja of Norway.Even though it is not among the highest peaks in Norway the 1564-metre (5131 ft) tall mountain is rated among the top ten mountain walks in Norway.
 Mulwaree River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Feieragu River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 The Ștevia River is a tributary of the Rudăreasa River in Romania
 The Armorican Massif (French: Massif armoricain) is a geologic massif that covers a large area in the northwest of France including Brittany the western part of Normandy and the Pays de la Loire. Its name comes from the old Armorica a Gaul area between the Loire and the Seine rivers.
 The Mutton Mountains are a mountain range in Wasco County Oregon.
 Searle Pass elevation 12027 ft (3666 m) is a mountain pass in the Gore Range of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado.
 Buckeye Lake is a reservoir in Fairfield Licking and Perry Counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. It was the first large reservoir built in America and became Ohio's first state park in 1949. Built near the highest point of elevation between the watersheds of the Scioto and Muskingum Rivers it was constructed to supply water for the canal system. The village of Buckeye Lake grew up on the shores of the lake.
 The Palmetto Mountains are a mountain range in Esmeralda County Nevada. The Lida Mining District and Lida Nevada are located in the range.The mountains are east of the Sylvania Mountains and north of the Slate Range and Death Valley. It is a sub-range of the Silver Peak Range further northwest. Blue Dick Benchmark at 9289 ft above sea level is the highest point of the Palmettos.
 The Lupa River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Lake Baikal (Russian: о́зеро Байка́л tr. Ozero Baykal IPA: [ˈozʲɪrə bɐjˈkal]; Buryat: Байгал нуур Mongolian: Байгал нуур Baygal nuur meaning nature lake;) is a rift lake in the south of the Russian region of Siberia between the Irkutsk Oblast to the northwest and the Buryat Republic to the southeast.Lake Baikal is the freshwater lake with greatest volume in the world containing roughly 20% of the world's unfrozen surface fresh water and at 1642 m (5387 ft) the deepest.
 The Highwood River is a tributary of the Bow River in southwestern Alberta Canada.
 The Pârâul Mănăstirii is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Fish River is a 28.9-mile-long (46.5 km) river in Baldwin County Alabama. It originates at 30.74102°N 87.79888°W﻿ / 30.74102; -87.79888 near Stapleton and discharges into Weeks Bay at 30.41353°N 87.82526°W﻿ / 30.41353; -87.82526 in Magnolia Springs. It was named by the original French colonists as the Riviere Aux Poissons which can be translated into English as Fish River.
 Disautel Pass (el. 3252 ft./991 m.) is a mountain pass in the state of Washington.It is traversed by State Route 155 between Grand Coulee and Omak and is located on the Colville Indian Reservation about 12 miles Northwest of Colville Indian Agency.
 The Dove River is a river in the Tasman Region of New Zealand. It arises in hills between the Wai-iti River and Motueka River and flows north-west into the Motueka near the locality of Woodstock. The river is named for the native pigeons once found in the forests around the river.Brown trout can be found in the lower reaches of the river.
 Balsam Lake is a lake located in the Kawartha lakes region of south central Ontario Canada. It is 16 km long and averages 3 km wide though its actual width varies due to the many large bays the carve its shoreline. The Gull River empties into the lake.The lake is the highest point of the Trent-Severn Waterway; from here the waterway descends to Georgian Bay in the northwest and to Lake Ontario in the southeast.The village of Coboconk Ontario is located on the north side of the lake.
 Ruhgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lort River is a river located in the Goldfields-Esperance region and the Eastern Mallee sub-region of Western Australia. The headwaters of the Lort River begin in the Peak Charles National Park and its surrounding vacant Crown land. The river flows in a south-westerly direction and enters farmland area for a distance of 45 kilometres (28 mi) with a reserve that is an average of 500 metres (1640 ft) wide containing riparian vegetation.
 Spring Valley Summit is a mountain pass in southwestern Idaho United States at an elevation of 4242 feet (1293 m) above sea level on State Highway 55 the Payette River Scenic Byway.It is located in southwestern Boise County south of the city of Horseshoe Bend 1600 vertical feet (490 m) below. The summit marks the divide between the Payette River and Boise River drainage areas.
 Lambrigg Fell is a hill the highest point of the area of high ground between Kendal and the M6 in south-eastern Cumbria England. It lies just outside the area normally defined as the Lake District and certainly the hill is not in the same mould as the nearby Lakeland fells being a sprawling grassy moorland.
 See also Little Black River (French: Rivière Noire) another river in Quebec and Maine. (47°24′47″N 69°31′01″W)The Big Black River (French: Grande Rivière Noire) is a river in Maine and Quebec.
 The Crișul Mic River is a branch of the Crişul Negru River in Romania. It starts from the Crișul Negru River near Şoimi and joins it again downstream of Ginta
 The Stupina River is a tributary of the Zeletin River in Romania.
 The Costinețiu River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Lake Anneen sometimes referred to as Anneen Lake or (incorrectly) Nannine Lake is a DIWA-listed salt lake system in Western Australia. It is located at 26°56′S 118°18′E about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southwest of Meekatharra.The lake is roughly 120 square kilometres (46 sq mi) in area and consists of a main waterbody with two elongate arms. The main waterbody is roughly rectangular with its long side oriented along a north-westerly axis.
 Nicoletti Lake is a lake in the Province of Enna Sicily Italy.
 Blender is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Baranof Lake is a glacially-fed horseshoe-shaped lake on the eastern side of Baranof Island in Alaska. Baranof Lake borders the community of Baranof Warm Springs and also has a Forest Service cabin on the northwestern end of the lake. Baranof River flows into the lake's western end and exits on the eastern end in rapids and a waterfall.Baranof Lake was likely named for the community of Baranof Warm Springs.
 Rindalphorn is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Southwest Branch Saint John River is a 62.0-mile-long (99.8 km) river in Maine and Quebec. The branch originates in Little Saint John Lake (46°06′18″N 70°15′09″W) on the international boundary between Saint-Zacharie Quebec and Maine Township 5 Range 20 WELS. The branch forms the Canada – United States border as it flows northeasterly to a confluence with the Little Southwest Branch Saint John River in Maine Township 9 Range 18 WELS.
 Patarqucha (Quechua qucha lake hispanicized spelling Patarcocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huánuco Region Lauricocha Province Cauri District at a height of about 4130 m. It lies east of the Rawra mountain range north west of the lake T'inkiqucha. Patarqucha is 2.75 km long and 1 km at its widest point.
 The Canard River is a river in Kings County Nova Scotia Canada which drains into the Minas Basin of the Bay of Fundy between the communities of Canard and Starr's Point. It is know for its fertile river banks and extensive dyke land agriculture.The river has its source in a number of small brooks which flow from the sandy pine woods of what is now the Camp Aldershot military base near Steam Mill Village.
 The Güey River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into Lake Valencia.
 The Salm is a 63 km-long river in western Germany (Rhineland-Palatinate) a left-bank tributary to the river Moselle. It rises in the Eifel near the village of Salm south of Gerolstein. The Salm flows generally south through Großlittgen Dreis and Salmtal. It passes west of Wittlich. It empties into the Moselle in Klüsserath.
 The Otter River is a river in Massachusetts and a major tributary of the Millers River which in turn is a tributary of the Connecticut River. The Otter River enters the Millers River in Winchendon in Otter River State Forest.
 The Oakura River is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows north from the slopes of Taranaki/Mount Egmont veering northwest before reaching the Tasman Sea at Oakura southwest of New Plymouth.
 Roseberry Topping is a distinctive hill on the border between North Yorkshire and the unitary authority of Redcar and Cleveland England. It is situated near Great Ayton and Newton under Roseberry. Its summit has a distinctive half-cone shape with a jagged cliff which has led to many comparisons with the much higher Matterhorn in Switzerland.
 The Goshen Valley is a 17-mi (27 km) long valley located in southern Utah County Utah and the valley forms part of its southeast border with the Wasatch Front and parts of the Wasatch Range. The valley is an extension southwesterly of the Utah Valley.A southern arm (Goshen Bay) of Utah Lake of Utah Valley bisects the valley with western shore valley areas extending north to Mosida (site) at the south of the Lake Mountains.
 Sunnyside Reservoir is a reservoir forming part of the Hampton waterworks complex within the London borough of Richmond-upon-Thames.The reservoir was originally built by the Southwark and Vauxhall Waterworks Company for pre-treatment water storage but is now used as a settlement lagoon for washwater from the adjacent treatment works before the water is discharged back to the River Thames.
 The Teslin River is a river in southern Yukon Territory and northwestern British Columbia Canada that flows 393 miles from its source south of Teslin Lake to its confluence with the Yukon River.During the Klondike Gold Rush of 1896-99 the river became a popular route to the Klondike gold fields near Dawson City with the stampeders who had crossed the Coast Mountains by routes such as the Chilkoot Trail or the White Pass trail.The English name of the Teslin River is derived from native names.
 Eos Chasma is a chasma in the southern part of the Valles Marineris canyon system of the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars.Eos Chasma’s western floor is mainly composed of an etched massive material composed of either volcanic or eolian deposits later eroded by the Martian wind. The eastern end of the Eos chasma has a large area of streamlined bars and longitudinal striations.
 Col de la Ramaz (el. 1610 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Haute-Savoie in France.
 Hipparchus is the degraded remnant of a lunar crater. It is located to the southeast of Sinus Medii near the center of the visible Moon. To the south is the prominent crater Albategnius and to the southwest lies Ptolemaeus a feature of comparable dimensions to Hipparchus. Horrocks lies entirely within the northeast rim of the crater. Halley is attached to the south rim and Hind lies to the southeast.
 Lac de Narlay is a lake in the Jura department of France.
 Svartdalskollen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Aischbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Fichtelberg (German pronunciation: [ˈfɪçtəlbɛɐ̯k]) is a mountain with two main peaks in the middle of the Ore Mountains in the east German state of Saxony near the Czech border. At 1214.6 m (3985 ft) above sea level the Fichtelberg is the highest mountain in Saxony the second highest in the Ore Mountains and used to be the highest mountain in East Germany. Its subpeak is 1206 m (3957 ft) high.
 Pico Ruivo is the highest peak on the Madeira Islands. It can be reached only by foot usually either from Pico do Arieiro (3rd highest) after a strenuous hike or from Achada do Teixeira with a shorter easier trail. There is an additional trail leading west to Encumeada.
 Pampa Luxsar is a volcanic field located in Bolivia.
 Aurach (Regnitz Oberfranken) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Groposu River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Butterberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Fâncel River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
 The Claro River (Portuguese Rio Claro) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paranaíba River which it enters just downriver of São Simão Dam.
 Lake Nisramont (French: lac de Nisramont) is located in east of Belgium on the river Ourthe in the municipality of La Roche-en-Ardenne. The dam has a length of 116 m and is 16 m high. The volume of water is 3000000 m³ and the area of the lake is 0.47 km². The dam has Fish ladders and a hydro-electric power station. It is a tourist attraction with water sports including canoeing fishing.
 The Kukule is a river in Sabaragamuwa Province in southwestern Sri Lanka. The Kukule Ganga Dam and reservoir lies along the river.
 The Răstovanu River or Rostovanu River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 The Loch of Swannay is the most northerly loch on the mainland of Orkney and lies within the parish of Birsay in the north west of the island. It is an elliptically shaped freshwater loch and is close to the lochs of Hundland and Boardhouse. The grassland at the shore of the loch is the main feeding area for a wintering flock of rare Greenland white-fronted geese and the rare flat-stalked pondweed is found in the waters.
 Zaza Reservoir (Spanish: Embalse Zaza La Presa Zaza) is the largest man-made reservoir in Cuba. It is located in the Sancti Spíritus Province in central Cuba 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) south-east of the city of Sancti Spíritus and 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) north-west of La Sierpe. It has a water mirror area of 113.5 km2 (43.8 sq mi). and an average volume of 750000000 m³.
 Mount Wellington / Maungarei is a volcanic peak historic pa site and a suburb in Auckland New Zealand
 The Ganoș River is a tributary of the Rât River in Romania.
 Tal y Fan is an outlying peak of the Carneddau mountains in North Wales. It is one of the four Marilyns that make up the Carneddau the others being Carnedd Llywelyn Pen Llithrig y Wrach and Creigiau Gleision. It is 610 m high and lies mid-way between the Conwy valley to the east and Penmaenmawr on the coast to the north-west.
 Schwärze is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Middle Teton (12804 feet (3903 m)) is the third highest peak in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming. The peak is immediately southwest of Grand Teton and the two are separated from one another by the lower saddle a broad high ridge at 11600 feet (3540 m). The Middle Teton Glacier is located on the eastern slopes of the peak. Middle Teton is a classic pyramidal shaped alpine peak and is sometimes included as part of the Cathedral Group of high Teton peaks.
 The Sandy River is a 56-mile (90 km) tributary of the Columbia River in northwestern Oregon in the United States. Measured by a United States Geological Survey (USGS) gauge downstream of the Sandy's confluence with the Bull Run River 18.4 miles (29.6 km) from the mouth the river's average discharge is 2300 cubic feet per second (65 m3/s). The maximum daily recorded flow is 84400 cubic feet per second (2390 m3/s) and the minimum is 45 cubic feet per second (1.3 m3/s).
 The Vlăsia Mare River is a headwater of the Vlăsia River in Romania.
 The Poieni River is a headwater of the Galbena River in Romania.
 Rognosa d'Etiache (in Italian) or Rognosa d'Étache (in French) is a mountain in the Cottian Alps on the border of Turin Italy and Savoie France. It has an elevation of 3382 metres above sea level.
 Kings Hill Pass is part of the Kings Hill Scenic Byway which passes through the Little Belt Mountains in the Lewis and Clark National Forest in Montana United States. The route is home to a wide variety of wildlife and provides many recreational opportunities for travelers on the route. The Byway is a 71-mile route that begins on US Highway 89 at its junction with US Highway 12.
 Chimney Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1910 by T.G. Longstaff.
 Second Bear Lake is a lake of Argyle municipality in south-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 Jitiri is a volcano in the Andes about 5031 m (16506 ft) high located in the Cordillera Occidental of Bolivia in the Oruro Department Sajama Province Turco Municipality Cosapa Canton. It is situated south east of the extinct Sajama volcano between the volcano Chullkani in the south west and the village Cosapa in the north east.
 Lauterbach (Werra) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Kostakan (Russian: Костакан) is a north-south trending chain of cinder cones located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 Kotel Pass is a mountain pass in the Balkan Mountains (Stara Planina) in Bulgaria. It connects the Kotel and Petolachka crossroads.The pass is on one of the main routes connecting northern and southern Bulgaria.
 Opal Cone is a cinder cone located on the southeast flank of Mount Garibaldi in the Coast Mountains of British Columbia Canada. It is the source of a 15 km long broad dacite lava flow with prominent wrinkled ridges. The lava flow is unusually long for a silicic lava flow. Opal Cone is a member of the Cascade Volcanoes but it is located in the Garibaldi Ranges in the Coast Mountains and not in the Cascade Range proper.
 Muhre is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Etangs de Bonfol are a series of ponds at Bonfol in the Canton of Jura Switzerland. The main ponds are named étang du Milieu and Neuf-Etang. They are separated by a dam. Since 1962 the étangs de Bonfol are a nature preserve.
 The Schijenflue is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps located on the border between Austria and Switzerland.A day or multiday hike that follows the whole of the Rätikon chain and passes Schijenflue on its sunny side is called Prättigauer Höhenweg.
 The Arieșul Mic River (Hungarian: Kis-Aranyos) is a river in the Apuseni Mountains Alba County western Romania. It is the right headwater of the river Arieş. It flows through the villages Avram Iancu and Vidra and joins the Arieșul Mare (the other headwater) near Câmpeni.
 The Kotmale River (Sinhala: කොත්මලේ ඔය ) is a tributary of the Mahaweli River and is the fourth longest river in Sri Lanka. The river begins as the Agra Oya in the Horton Plains in the Central Highlands. The Central Plains have an annual rainfall of between 125 and 200 inches a year. The river is about 70km (43.3 miles) long and drains a basin of about 58534 ha (226 square miles). The river flows through a traditional area of ancient villages and tea plantations.
 The Naviglio della Martesana is a canal in the Lombardy region Northern Italy. Running from the Adda river in the vicinity of Trezzo sull'Adda to Milan it was also known as Naviglio Piccolo. It is part of the system of navigli of the Milan area.Approximately 38 kilometres long with a substantial section covered over or infilled its width varies between 9 and 18 metres while the depth is between one and three metres.
 Mont Avic is a mountain in the Graian Alps in the Aosta Valley north-western Italy. It has an elevation of 3006 m. It is included in the Gran Paradiso massif.The peak is located on the boundary between the comuni of Champdepraz and Chambave and gives its name to a regional natural park called Mont Avic Natural Park Parco Naturale del Mont Avic (It) / Parc Naturel du Mont-Avic (Fr) . Mont Avic was ascended for the first time in 1875.
 The Northern Fells are a mountain range in the English Lake District. Including Skiddaw they occupy a wide area to the north of Keswick. Smooth sweeping slopes predominate with a minimum of tarns or crags. Blencathra in the south east of the group is the principal exception to this trend.
 Vetzberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Evans Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Located off northwestern Bathurst Island the bay is on the east side of Erskine Inlet across from Île Vanier.Other bays in the area include Dampier Bay and Cameron Bay.
 The Wild Natives River is a river in Fiordland New Zealand. It rises in the Franklin Mountains near Worsley Pass and flows westward into Bligh Sound.
 The Bow Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies in Alberta and British Columbia Canada.
 Ganswindt is a lunar crater that lies near the southern pole of the Moon's far side. It is attached to the southwestern exterior of the huge walled plain Schrödinger. Ganswindt partly overlies the smaller crater Idel'son to the south.The rim of Gandswindt is roughly circular but somewhat irregular particularly at the southern edge. Much of the interior floor is covered in uneven ridges and there is a small crater in the southeastern section.
 Lander Glacier is located in the Wind River Indian Reservation in the U.S. state of Wyoming .25 miles (0.40 km) WSW of Mount Lander. Lander Glacier consists of three distinct ice bodies along the north and west slopes of Mount Lander the largest descending from the west slope from 12000 to 11200 ft (3700 to 3400 m) immediately east of the Continental Divide.
 The Obancea River is a tributary of the Valea lui Lambă River in Romania.
 The Sarmag River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Lamont is a low ridge in the surface of Mare Tranquillitatis that is most likely an impact feature. It is located to the southeast of the crater Arago.Lamont has the shape of two roughly concentric but incomplete rings with an inner diameter of 60 km and an outer diameter of 120 km. (The official diameter is 75 km.) Radial ridges radiate away from the center of Lamont except in the east and west quadrants.
 The Net River is a 24.5-mile-long (39.4 km) tributary of the South Fork Nemadji River in Pine and Carlton counties Minnesota United States. Via the Nemadji River it flows to Lake Superior at Superior Wisconsin.
 Rangiswanger Horn is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Claro River (Araguaia River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Lisa River is a tributary of the Sâmbăta River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Valea Jelealului and Valea Pleşii
 The Liucura River is a river of Chile. It is fed by some rivers that originate in Huerquehue National Park which include the outflow of Tinquilco Lake.
 Gyaring Lake(Tibetan: མཚོ་སྐྱ་རིང་ Wylie: mtsho skya ring) or Zhaling Lake (Chinese: 扎陵湖; pinyin: Zhālíng Hú) is a large freshwater lake in the Yellow River catchment in China it is in the southeast of Qinghai Province.The name of lake means Long Grey Lake in Tibetan language. Gyaring Lake is 526 km 2 with a drainage area of 8161 km 2 an elevation of 4292 m length 35 km and mean width 15 km (max 21.6 m).
 Schufelberger Egg Pass (el. 990 m.) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.It connects Wernetshausen (in the municipality of Hinwil) and Gibswil (in the municipality of Fischenthal).
 Ngga Pulu is a peak in the western part of the island of New Guinea rising 4862 meters (15951 ft). Trigonometric measurements showed that Ngga Pulu was (and had been for many centuries before) the highest mountain of New Guinea and also the highest summit of the Australia/Oceania continent. The altitude of Ngga Pulu in 1936 was about 4907m (16100ft) and it was the highest and most prominent peak between the Himalaya and the Andes.
 Lake Winneshiek is the name given to that portion of Navigation Pool 9 impounded by Lock and Dam No. 9 between the dam to 4 miles south of the city of Lansing Iowa on the Upper Mississippi River near Ferryville Wisconsin. It encompasses about 6000 acres (24 km²) and is part of the Upper Mississippi River National Wildlife and Fish Refuge. The Army Corps of Engineers intends to construct some islands in the lake in order to improve wildlife habitat.
 Gwanaksan (Korean for Mt. Gwanak; 632 m) is a small mountain in southern Seoul South Korea. Portions lie in the Gwanak-gu and Geumcheon-gu districts of Seoul; other portions lie in the neighboring cities of Anyang and Gwacheon. The name gwanak means hat-shaped peak and refers to its gat-like profile.
 Pati River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Tarna Mare River in Romania.
 Keetham lake is a scenic lake just outside Agra on the Agra - Delhi highway (NH 2). The Keetham lake is also known as the Sur Sarovar. It is a tranquil spot ideal for a relaxed outing. A wide variety of fish and water-birds add to the lake's natural charm and beauty.
 The Whistler River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally southeast from the Puketeraki Range to reach the Ashley River 15 kilometres north of Oxford.
 Belinskij (sometimes Belinskii) is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 70 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Balzac is named for the Russian journalist and critic Vissarion Grigoryevich Belinsky who lived from 1811 to 1848.
 The Cinder River is a stream 44 miles (71 km) long in southwestern Lake and Peninsula Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins in Aniakchak National Monument and Preserve and flows northwest into Bristol Bay.Silver salmon are plentiful in the Cinder River which drains cinder beds on the flanks of Mount Aniakchak. Accessible mainly by small airplanes that can land on cinder beds or beach sand the river is lightly fished.
 The Dorobanțu is a tributary of the Țibrin River in Romania.
 The Sturii Mari River is a tributary of the Priboiașa River in Romania.
 Black Hill is a hill in the Peak District England.It is the highest point in the historic county of Cheshire and now lies on the border between the boroughs of Kirklees in West Yorkshire and High Peak in Derbyshire reaching 582 metres (1909 ft) above sea level.The top is peaty and thus very boggy after rain. The area surrounding the summit itself had virtually no vegetation and was very dark giving the hill an appropriate name.
 The Taro (Latin Tarus) is a river in Emilia-Romagna in northern Italy. It is a tributary of the Po and is 126 km long. It flows almost entirely in the province of Parma west of the city Parma. The Taro flows into the Po near Gramignazzo a frazione of the comune of Sissa north of Parma.The Val di Taro or Taro valley the drainage basin of the river occupies an area of 2026 km2 (782 sq mi).
 The Geoagiu River ( Hungarian:Bózes-patak) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Playas Valley is a lengthy and narrow 60-mi (97-km) long valley located in Hidalgo County New Mexico in the Bootheel Region; the extreme south of the valley lies in Chihuahua. Playas NM is located in the northeast. The valley is noteworthy for the Playas Lake (dry lake) in the north.The Continental Divide of the Americas forms its western border in a series of three linear mountain ranges and the divide forms the water divide as the northern border of the Playas Valley.
 The Midouze (Occitan: Midosa) is a right tributary of the Adour in the Landes in the Southwest of France.
 Mount Selwyn is a mountain that is part of the Victorian Alps of the Great Dividing Range located in the Alpine National Park in the Australian state of Victoria. Mount Selwyn has an altitude of 1411 metres (4629 ft) AHD.Located approximately 30 kilometres (19 mi) from Dinner Plain 35 kilometres (22 mi) from Bright and 38 kilometres (24 mi) from Porepunkah the nearest sealed road to Mount Selwyn is the Great Alpine Road.
 Nasvė is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 24.6 kilometres and has a basin area of 64.1 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 Martial is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 51 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Martial is named for the ancient Roman poet Martial who lived from 40 to 103.
 Ribeira Grande is a stream in the northeastern part of the island of Santo Antão in Cape Verde. The stream flows from west-southwest to east-northeast through a narrow steep gorge. The river flows into the Atlantic Ocean at the town of Ribeira Grande.
 Lockyer Crater is a crater in the Elysium quadrangle of Mars located at 28° North and 199.5° West. It is 71 km in diameter and was named after Joseph N. Lockyer a British astronomer (1836-1920). Lockyer is fairly easy to spot on Mars maps because it sits in the relatively young northern hemisphere where there are few craters. It is close to Elysium Mons and Hecates Tholus two large volcanoes.
 The Karakoram or Karakorum (simplified Chinese: 喀喇昆仑山脉; traditional Chinese: 喀喇崑崙山脈; pinyin: Kālǎkūnlún Shānmài; Hindi: काराकोरम Kārākōram; Urdu: سلسلہ کوہ قراقرم‎) Balti: Kharan-a-Kuram is a large mountain range spanning the borders between Pakistan India and China located in the regions of Gilgit–Baltistan (Pakistan) Ladakh (India) and Xinjiang region (China).
 Mount Thayer is a mountain in the Santa Cruz Mountains located in Santa Clara County California. The summit is in a section of the abandoned Almaden Air Force Station about 1 mile west of Mount Umunhum. The elevation of the summit is at 3479 feet (1060 m) feet. An old derelict building surrounded by telephone poles is located on the summit. Mount Thayer along with the surrounding property is off limits to the public.
 The Musone (anciently Misco) is a river in the Marche region of Italy. The source of the river is east of Matelica and south of Monte San Vicino in the province of Macerata. The river flows northeast before crossing into the province of Ancona. The river then flows southeast and is joined by a tributary south of Osimo before curving northeast near Loreto. Finally the river empties into the Adriatic Sea north of Porto Recanati and south of Numana.
 Smoky Mountain at 7579 feet (2310 m) above sea level is a peak in the Albion Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Cassia County about 0.35 mi (0.56 km) east of the border of City of Rocks National Reserve on land managed by the Bureau of Land Management. It is 4.7 mi (7.6 km) north of the Nevada border.
 Ryder is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located in a patch of higher albedo surface material to the east of the larger Roche–Pauli crater pair. The name for this crater was officially approved at the IAU general assembly in 2006.This circular-rimmed crater lies along the eastern rim of a larger formation that is most likely the remains of an old worn impact. Less than a crater diameter to the west of Ryder is the 24-km-diameter satellite crater Pauli E.
 Jahorina (Serbian/Bosnian: Jahorina Serbian Cyrillic: Јахорина pronounced [jâxɔrina]) is a mountain in Republika Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina located in Pale in the Dinaric Alps. It borders Mount Trebević another Olympic mountain.
 The Portneuf River is a 124-mile-long (200 km) tributary of the Snake River in southeastern Idaho in the United States. It drains a ranching and farming valley in the mountains southeast of the Snake River Plain. The city of Pocatello sits along the river near its emergence from the mountains onto the Snake River Plain.The river is part of the Columbia River Basin.
 Lahnsattel (el. 1006 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the Bundesländer of Lower Austria and Styria.It is traversed by Federal Highway B 23.It connects the Salza river valley from Mariazell with the Mürz river valley.The southeast side has a maximum grade of 11 percent. The west side from Terz im Halltal has a maximum grade of 17 percent.
 Piz d'Anschatscha is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located north of Guarda in the canton of Graubünden. It lies south of Piz Fliana on the watershed between the valleys of Lavinuoz and Tuoi.Piz d'Anschatscha has two summits: the northern one (2983 m) and the southern one (2978 m). On the south is the slightly lower Piz Champatsch (2958 m)
 Moose Mountain is an 8-mile (13 km)-long ridge located in the eastern part of the town of Hanover in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain is flanked to the north by Holts Ledge at 2110 feet (640 m) and to the south (across Mascoma Lake) by Shaker Mountain at 1690 feet (520 m). It is traversed by the Appalachian Trail a 2170-mile (3490 km) National Scenic Trail from Georgia to Maine.
 The Fränkische Rezat (Franconian Rezat) is a 64 km long river in southern Germany. It is the western left source river of the Rednitz. It rises in the Frankenhöhe hills near Oberdachstetten. It flows generally east through the towns Lehrberg Ansbach Windsbach and Spalt. It flows into the Rednitz in Georgensgmünd.
 The Ioniță River is a tributary of the Râiosu River in Romania.
 Fox Creek is a 24.8-mile-long (39.9 km) tributary of Schoharie Creek in Schoharie and Albany counties in the U.S. state of New York.
 The Genista Caves are a series of caves located under Windmill Hill in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. Fossils of various mammals and human remains were discovered here in the mid-1860s. The name of the caves is a play on words based on Captain Frederick Brome's name who discovered them.
 Breislak is a lunar crater that lies within one crater diameter north-northwest of the crater Baco in the southern part of the Moon. To the north-northwest is the crater Barocius and to the west lies Clairaut. This crater was named in honor of geologist Scipione Breislak.The rim of Breislak has been heavily worn by subsequent impacts and several small craterlets lie along the outer wall.
 Not to be confused with Lake Kerr a small lake in Marion County Florida.Kerr Lake (officially John H. Kerr Reservoir also known as Bugg's Island Lake) is a reservoir along the border of the U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia created by the John H. Kerr Dam. The dam construction started in 1947 and took 2100+ workers in three shifts 24 hours a day 365 days a year more than four years to complete and was finished in 1952 to produce electricity and to provide flood control.
 Mont Shefford is a Monteregian Hill located in Shefford in the Montérégie region of Quebec Canada.Mont Shefford is 526 metres (1726 ft) tall and is home to the Ski Shefford ski resort.
 The Chiciura River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 Goffle Hill also referred to as Goffle Mountain and historically known as Totoway Mountain and Wagaraw Mountain is a range of the trap rock Watchung Mountains on the western edge of the Newark Basin in northern New Jersey. The hill straddles part of the border of Bergen County and Passaic County underlying a mostly suburban setting. While hosting patches of woodlands perched wetlands and traprock glades the hill is largely unprotected from development.
 The Albești River is a river in Romania tributary of the Black Sea Lake Mangalia.
 The Gurk (Slovene: Krka) is a river in the Austrian state of Carinthia a left tributary of the Drava. With a length of 157 km (98 mi) it is the longest river running entirely within Carinthia. The river basin covers about 27% of the state's territory. The Gurk rises in the Nock Mountains (Gurktal Alps) range of the Central Eastern Alps near the border with the Austrian state of Styria.
 The Busento River (Latin: Bucentius) is a left side tributary of the Crathis (Crati in Italian) river which flows about 95 kilometers in Calabria a region of southern Italy from the Apennines to the Ionian Sea. The Busento River joins the Crathis in the centre of Cosenza.Its fame is due to a historic event in 410 when Alaric king of the Goths died during the siege of the town.
 Murphy Lake is a lake lying mostly in Otter Tail County Minnesota United States. Its northernmost part extends into Becker County. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 1362 feet (415 m).
 Laguna Catemaco is a freshwater lake located at the center of the Sierra de Los Tuxtlas in south central Veracruz in east central Mexico. The word lagoon or laguna in English as in Spanish generally describes a body of water exposed to the sea but despite the name it is a lake. Common usage in Mexico is Laguna de Catemaco though scientific articles tend to use the less ambiguous name Lake Catemaco or Lago Catemaco in Spanish.
 The Arrigetch Peaks are a cluster of rugged granite spires in the Endicott Mountains of the central Brooks Range in northern Alaska. The name Arrigetch means 'fingers of the outstretched hand' in the Inupiat language. The peaks ring the glacial cirques at the head of the Kobuk River and 2 tributaries of the Alatna River: Arrigetch Creek and Aiyagomahala Creek (Creek 4662). They are located at latitude 67 degrees 24' N and longitude 154 degrees 10' W.
 The Izvorul Băilor River is a tributary of the Valea Colbului River in Romania.
 Höllberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Steinbach is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Bolton Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada. It is about 730 metres (2395 ft) long and 320 metres (1050 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 382 metres (1253 ft) about 48 kilometres (30 mi) south of the community of Dryden. The primary outflow is an unnamed creek which flows into Lower Manitou Lake just south of Watson's Narrows. Bolton Lake lies just west over a small ridge of Bolton Bay on Lower Manitou Lake.
 Cefn yr Ogof is the highest point of the hill to the west of Gwrych Castle near Abergele and Llanddulas. It is 204 m (669 ft) high. The view from the top is one of the hidden delights of the North Wales coast with views towards the Clwydian Hills Denbigh Moors (Mynydd Hiraethog) Snowdonia the Great Orme Anglesey and the Dulas valley.
 The Marina Reservoir (Chinese: 濱海蓄水池) is a reservoir in Marina Bay Singapore formed in 2008 from the damming of the mouth of the Kallang Basin. With the completion of the Marina Barrage on October 30 2008 the reservoir which contained mainly salt water became freshwater and started operations at 7 pm on November 20 2010 after a process of natural desalination when excess water was released out to the sea after heavy rains.
 Lake Hennessey is a man-made lake in the hills east of St. Helena California U.S.A.. The lake is formed by Conn Creek Dam built in 1948 across Conn Creek. Construction of the earthen dam was authorized by the United States Congress when it passed the Flood Control Act of 1944 in order to mitigate flooding downstream in Napa California.
 Planfließ is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Vassdalseggi is a mountain in the municipalities Vinje (Telemark) and Suldal (Rogaland) . It is the highest mountain in Rogaland.
 Leinavatn is a lake on the border between Norway and Sweden. It is almost entirely located in the municipality of Bardu in Troms county in Norway but a very small area crosses over into Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County in Sweden. The lake's area is 28.32 square kilometres (10.93 sq mi) and it sits at an elevation of 491 metres (1611 ft) above sea level. Its shoreline measures 62.83 kilometres (39.04 mi).
 The Vals River (Afrikaans: Valsrivier) is a tributary of the Vaal River in the Free State South Africa. It is a strong seasonal river.This river of the Middle Vaal System is a good place for fishing especially the local Largemouth Yellowfish.
 The Kaltwasser Pass (German: Kaltwasserpass or Chaltwasserpass Italian: Bocchetta d'Avrona) is an Alpine pass connecting Switzerland and Italy.The pass is located between the Wasenhorn or Punta di Terrarossa (3255 meters [10679 ft]) and the Monte Leone (3561 meters [11683 ft]).Climbing the pass requires about 5 hours and is generally a fairly easy hike.
 The Genil River is the main (left) tributary of the river Guadalquivir in Andalusia Spain. The Roman Singilis its modern name derives from the Moorish rendering of the Roman name: Sinyil Sannil and Sinnil. The source of the Genil is in the Sierra Nevada mountains north of its highest peak Mulhacén. The Genil flows through the towns Granada Loja Puente Genil and Écija. It flows into the Guadalquivir River near Palma del Río.
 The Six Blanc is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Orsières in the canton of Valais. It lies at the northern end of the chain separating the valley of Entremont from the valley of Bagnes culminating at the Grand Combin.
 Street is a lunar impact crater located just to the south of the prominent ray crater Tycho. Street lies within the skirt of high-albedo ejecta from Tycho and it is more heavily worn than its younger and larger neighbor. There are several smaller craters joined to the western rim as well as two craters along the eastern rim. The floor is relatively smooth and flat except for a small craterlet in the western half. The crater is 58 kilometers in diameter and 1500 meters in depth.
 Kankaria Lake is the biggest lake in Ahmedabad Gujarat. It is located in the southern part of the city in the Maninagar area. A lakefront has been developed around it which has many public attractions such as a zoo toy train kids city tethered balloon ride water rides water park food stalls and entertainment facilities. The lakefront was revamped in 2008. Kankaria Carnival is a week-long festival held here in the last week of December.
 The River Dart is a river in Devon England which rises high on Dartmoor and releases to the sea at Dartmouth. Its valley and surrounding area is a place of great natural beauty.
 Onon Crater is an impact crater in the Amenthes quadrangle of Mars located at 16.3° N and 257.6° W. It is 3.5 km in diameter and was named after Town in Mongolia.
 Lady Evelyn Lake is a lake in Timiskaming District Northeastern Ontario Canada. The highly irregularly shaped lake consists of two parts about equal in size separated by the Obisaga Narrows. The southern part is within the Obabika River Provincial Park directly east of the Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater Provincial Park.
 Loch Spey a petite freshwater loch located in the Central Highlands fed by small tributaries. This loch is significant because it the headwaters of the powerful River Spey. It is small only 300 m (980 ft) long by 200 m (660 ft) wide and is shallow with many weed beds. It is located 28.9 km (18.0 mi) west of Newtonmore and 5 km (3.1 mi) from Melgarve.
 The Cima Undici - Elferkofel (Italian: Cima Undici; German: Elferkofel) is a mountain in the Sexten Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 Cusseta Mountain is a hill in northeast Texas with summit 632 feet (193 m) above sea level. Cusseta Mountain is located about 6 miles (9.7 km) west of Douglassville Texas. It is the highest point in Cass County Texas and is the site of several communication towers. In the late 19th century the community of Cusseta was at the base of the hill.
 Darling Mills Creek an urban watercourse that is part of the Parramatta River catchment is located in Greater Western Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 The Tebicuary River (Spanish: Río Tebicuary) a tributary of Paraguay River is a river in Paraguay. Located in the southwestern part of that country it flows eastwards discharging to Paraguay River about 45 km south of Formosa and 30 km north of Pilar.
 Buckhorn Mountain is a peak in the Olympic Mountains in the U.S. state of Washington. It is in Olympic National Park on the Olympic Peninsula.
 Malesfelsen is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Albstadt in Zollernalbkreis.
 Càrn a' Chlamain (Gaelic: Càrn a' Chlamhain) is a Scottish mountain situated roughly 12 kilometres north of Blair Atholl in the Forest of Atholl. It is the highest point of an undulating plateau lying northeast of Glen Tilt.
 Escondido Lake / Lago Escondido is a lake in Argentina. There is a settlement called Lago Escondido.[citation needed]
 Mount Cupola (69°21′S 70°27′W) is a dome-shaped mountain 2500 metres (8200 ft) high marking the southeastern limit of the Rouen Mountains in the northern part of Alexander Island. It was first photographed from the air by the British Graham Land Expedition in 1937 and surveyed in 1948 by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey. The descriptive name was given by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1960.
 The Orzeni River or Râul Bulgarilor is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 The Săliște River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Hampton River is a tidal inlet in the towns of Hampton and Hampton Falls New Hampshire the United States. It is surrounded by the largest salt marsh in New Hampshire covering over 3800 acres (15 km2).The river is formed by the confluence of the Taylor and Hampton Falls rivers. The Hampton River flows for one mile (1.6 km) before broadening into Hampton Harbor an estuary which also receives flow from small tidal channels such as the Browns River and the Blackwater River.
 The Wiedersberger Horn is a mountain in the Alpbachtal valley in Austria. Its summit is 2127 m AA. The Wiedersberger Horn is accessible from the Alpbachtal via cableways and the mountainsides are used as a skiing area. In winter it may be climbed without difficulty in safe snow conditions.
 The Supramonte is an area of mountains and highlands located in central-eastern Sardinia Italy. It lies northeast of the Gennargentu massif spanning eastwards until it reaches the Tyrrenian See in the Gulf of Orosei. It has an extension of about 35000 hectares encompassing most of the territories of the comuni (municipalities) of Baunei Dorgali Oliena Orgosolo and Urzulei.
 The Valea Adâncă River is a tributary of the Oltişor River in Romania.
 Harrat Rahat is a volcanic lava field in Saudi Arabia. In 1256 AD a 0.5 cu km lava flow erupted from six aligned scoria cones and traveled 23 km to within 4 km of the holy city of Medina: this was its last eruption. There were earlier eruptions. It is the biggest lava field in Saudi Arabia. Nearby is the Al Wahbah crater.
 The McKenzie River is a 90-mile (145 km) tributary of the Willamette River in western Oregon in the United States. It drains part of the Cascade Range east of Eugene and flows into the southernmost end of the Willamette Valley. It is named for Donald Mackenzie a Scottish Canadian fur trader who explored parts of the Pacific Northwest for the Pacific Fur Company. In the 21st century there are six large dams on the McKenzie and its tributaries.
 The Urueña River (Spanish Río Río Urueña) is a river of Argentina. It is a tributary of the Horcones River.
 Schwarzberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Mount Baldy is a mountain located in the Kananaskis River valley alongside Highway 40 in the Canadian Rockies.During World War II prisoners in a nearby internment camp were occasionally permitted to make the ascent of Mt. Baldy as long as they promised to return. A University of Calgary research centre now occupies the former location of the camp.Up until 1984 when it was given its current day official name it was commonly referred to as Barrier Mountain due to its proximity to Barrier Lake.
 Big Reed Pond in Montauk Long Island in New York State is a freshwater pond that is mostly undeveloped. It was where the Montaukett tribe lived until the mid-19th century. It is a National Natural Landmark and is connected to Theodore Roosevelt County Park.There is a hiking trail open to the public.
 Hahnenkamm (Spessart) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Arraia River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Bungevatnet is a lake in Sørkapp Land at Spitsbergen Svalbard. It located south of the glacier Bungebreen northeast of Tørrflya. The river Bungeelva flows from Bungevatnet to the sea. The lake is named after Russian Arctic explorer Alexandr Alexandrovich Bunge.
 Monte Verena is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2015 metres (6611 ft).
 The Lupan River is a tributary of the Motnău River in Romania.
 Llamuqa (Quechua for a black stone consisting of iron with curative powers hispanicized spelling Llamocca Llamoja) is a mountain with archaeological remains in the Andes of Peru about 4794 metres (15728 ft) high. It is situated in the Arequipa Region La Unión Province Huaynacotas District.By the local people Llamuqa is venerated as an apu.
 Great Pond is a 268-acre (1.08 km2) water body located in Rockingham County in southeastern New Hampshire in the United States. The lake lies near the center of the town of Kingston. Kingston State Park a small preserve with a swimming beach occupies the northeastern end of the lake near the town center. The lake is located along the Powwow River a tributary of the Merrimack River.
 The Valea Cetății River is a tributary of the Valea Seacă River in Romania.
 The Valea Bradului River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Speltach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake Piso also known as Lake Pisu and Fisherman's Lake is an oblong tidal lagoon in Grand Cape Mount County in western Liberia near the town of Robertsport. At an area of 103 km2 (40 sq mi) it is the largest lake in Liberia. Its name originates from a local term meaning pigeon's hole – a reference to the flocks of pigeons that once came to Lake Piso for water.
 The Panlong River (Chinese: 盘龙江; pinyin: Pánlóng Jiāng) passes through Kunming City Yunnan China. It receives a large quantity of municipal sewage and wastewater from industrial effluent.
 The Ketley Canal was a tub boat canal that ran for about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) from Oakengates to Ketley works in Shropshire England. The canal was built about 1788 and featured the first inclined plane in Britain. The main cargo of the canal was coal and ironstone (a form of iron ore). The inclined ceased to be used in 1816 when Ketley Works was closed but the upper canal was not finally abandoned until the 1880s. A few traces of the canal are still visible in the landscape.
 The Waiorongomai River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It rises on the southern slopes of Mount Raukumara flowing generally southeast to reach the Tapuaeroa River ten kilometres west of Ruatoria.
 Meall a' Bhuachaille is a mountain in the Cairngorms in Scotland. It is situated 10 km east of Aviemore to the north of Loch Morlich and Glenmore Forest.
 The Buzd River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 East Fork Little River is a 17.0-mile-long (27.4 km) river in the U.S. states of Alabama and Georgia. It originates near LaFayette Georgia and discharges into the Little River near Fort Payne Alabama.
 Viscount Melville Sound is an arm of the Arctic Ocean in Kitikmeot Nunavut Canada. Forming part of the Parry Channel it separates Victoria Island and Prince of Wales Island from the Queen Elizabeth Islands. East of the sound lies Lancaster Sound leading into Baffin Bay; westward lies the McClure Strait and the Arctic Ocean. The sound is a part of the Northwest Passage.In 1854 Edward Belcher abandoned his ship HMS Resolute in the sound while searching for John Franklin
 Bellamy Reservoir is a 382 acre (155 ha) impoundment located in Strafford County in eastern New Hampshire United States in the town of Madbury. It serves as the primary water supply for the city of Portsmouth New Hampshire. Its outlet is the Bellamy River a tributary of Great Bay a tidal estuary connected to the Atlantic Ocean by the Piscataqua River.
 Geumosan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 323 metres.
 Trübtensee or Triebtenseewli is a lake in the municipality of Guttannen Bernese Oberland Switzerland. The reservoir's surface area is 0.1 km². Its dam was completed in the 1950s and holds a volume of 1.1 mio m³.
 The Țibrin is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Vărfurașu River is a tributary of the Crăciunu River in Romania.
 At 244 metres Beaminster Down is one of the highest hills in West Dorset England.
 Mały Potok is a river of Poland a tributary of the Kłobucki Potok.
 Vangshøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Rauhhorn is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Blue Mountain Lake is a 1280-acre (520 ha) lake in Hamilton County in the central Adirondacks; Blue Mountain Lake is the eastern end of the Eckford chain of lakes. The hamlet of Blue Mountain Lake lies on its southeastern shore and the Adirondack Museum looks down from high above its eastern shore. It has been a popular vacation destination since the mid-19th century.
 Erlenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Izvorul Mihăiasa River is a tributary of the Anieșul Mare River in Romania.
 Mount Trusmadi or Trus Madi (Malay: Gunung Trusmadi) is Malaysia's second highest mountain at 2642 metres (8668 ft). It lies in the state of Sabah close to Mount Kinabalu on the island of Borneo. The mountain supports a wide range of unique flora and fauna perhaps most notably Nepenthes macrophylla a species of pitcher plant.The natural hybrid Nepenthes × trusmadiensis is named after the mountain.
 Tumalo Mountain is a shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon located just northeast of Mount Bachelor across the Cascade Lakes Scenic Byway. Ice Age glaciers carved a large cirque into the northeast flank of the mountain producing a bowl which is popular with local backcountry skiers. A United States Forest Service fire lookout tower was built on the summit in the 1930s but abandoned in the 1970s and subsequently removed.
 See also Queen Alexandra RangeAlexandra Mountains (77°25′S 153°30′W) is a group of low separated mountains in the north portion of Edward VII Peninsula just southwest of Sulzberger Bay in Marie Byrd Land Antarctica. Discovered in January-February 1902 by the British National Antarctic Expedition during an exploratory cruise of the Discovery along the Ross Ice Shelf. Named for Alexandra then Queen of the United Kingdom.
 Parenago is an impact crater on the Moon's far side behind the eastern limb. Nearly attached to the east-southeastern outer rim of Parengo is the crater Berkner. To the south-southwest lies Comrie.This is a worn and eroded crater formation. Attached to the northern outer rim are the satellite craters Parenago W and Parenago Z. Three small craters lie prominently along the edge the inner wall in the southeast quadrant of the interior floor.
 The Pârâul Minerului is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Sindbad is a crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Sindbad was first seen in Voyager 2 images though the southern rim has been seen by Cassini. It is located at 67° North Latitude 212° West Longitude and is 29.1 kilometers across. A large dome-like structure occupies the interior of the crater suggesting the crater has undergone significant viscous relaxation.Sindbad is named after a character from Arabian Nights.
 The Kameng River (previously named Bhareli River (ভৰলী নদী) now called Kameng in Arunachal Pradesh and Jia Bhoreli in Assam) in the eastern Himalayan mountains originates in Tawang district from the glacial lake below snow capped Gori Chen mountain 27°48′36″N 92°26′38″E (6300 metres (20669 ft) photo) on the India-Tibet border in South Tibet and flows through Bhalukpong circle of West Kameng District Arunachal Pradesh and Sonitpur District of Assam India.
 Rawal Lake (Urdu: جھیل راول‎) in Pakistan is an artificial reservoir that provides the water needs for the cities of Rawalpindi and Islamabad. Korang River along with some other small streams coming from Margalla Hills have been set to form this artificial lake which covers an area of 8.8 km². Korang River is the outlet stream of Rawal Dam. Rawal Lake is located within an isolated section of the Margalla Hills National Park.
 The Nerepis River is a river approximately 25 miles long located in New Brunswick Canada. A popular river for canoeists and anglers it is a tributary of the Saint John River. The river has been subjected to significant environmental stress over many years.The river meets the Saint John River at Westfield part of the Town of Grand Bay-Westfield where it feeds a fresh water marsh.
 Upper Deadwood Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County Idaho United States located in the Soldier Mountains in the Sawtooth National Forest. While no trails lead to the lake the lake is east of Iron Mountain which has an old Forest Service lookout on the top.
 The Homburg Forest (German: Homburgwald or just Homburg) also known as the Homburg Hills (Homburger Berge) is an area of upland up to 406.1 m above sea level in the north German state of Lower Saxony.
 Carron Crag is a small fell in Grizedale Forest in the English Lake District with a height of 314 metres (1030 ft). Adjacent to the trig point is a large panopticon sculpture one of over 70 in the forest. It is the second highest point in Grizedale Forest after Top o'Selside.It is the subject of a chapter of Wainwright's book The Outlying Fells of Lakeland. Wainwright describes a circular walk from Grizedale.
 Cinaruco River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Harburg Hills (German: Harburger Berge) are a low ridge in the northeastern part of the German state of Lower Saxony and the southern part of the city state of Hamburg. They are up to 155 metres (509 ft) high.
 Piz Cambrialas (3208 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking the Val Russein in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.The mountain lies in the range between the Maderanertal and the Val Russein and has two summits of nearly-identical height separated by a ca. 100 m deep saddle. The north summit (3205 m) is 100 m southeast of the watershed and the border with the canton of Uri.
 The Paatsjoki River (Finnish: Paatsjoki Skolt Sami: Paaččjokk Northern Sami: Báhčaveaijohka Norwegian: Pasvikelva Swedish: Pasvik älv Russian: Паз or Патсойоки) is a river that flows through Finland Norway and Russia.
 Xapuri River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil. It forms small parts of the Brazil–Peru and Brazil–Bolivia international boundaries.
 Mühlbach (Fichtenberger Rot) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Bullowsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 60.3 m its surface area is 0.16 km².
 Chopin is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 129 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Chopin is named for the Polish composer Frédéric Chopin (lived 1810–49).
 The Milk River is a tributary of the Goat River which is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 The River Esk is a river in North Yorkshire England that empties into the North Sea at Whitby after a course of around 28 miles (45 km) through the valley of Eskdale named after the river itself.
 The Pălălău River is a tributary of the Holboca River in Romania.
 Pointe de l'Aiglière is a mountain in the French Alps. Located in the Massif des Écrins the mountain is 3403 m tall.
 Tuggeranong Creek a partly perennial stream of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Tuggeranong district of Canberra within the Australian Capital Territory Australia.Tuggeranong is derived from the Aboriginal word meaning cold plain. The traditional custodians of the land surrounding Tuggeranong Creek are the Aboriginal people of the Ngunnawal tribe.
 This article is for the mountain on the British Columbia-Alberta border in the Canadian Rockies. For the mountain in the Jervis Inlet area of the British Columbia Coast see Mount Victoria (British Columbia).Mount Victoria 3464 metres (11365 ft) is a mountain on the border between British Columbia and Alberta in the Canadian Rockies.
 The Haghiotul River is a tributary of the Pârâul Şerpuit in Romania.
 The San Mateo Mountains are a small mountain range in Cibola and McKinley counties of New Mexico in the southwestern United States. The highest point in the range is Mount Taylor at 11301 ft (3445 m). The range lies just northeast of the community of Grants and about 60 miles (100 km) west of Albuquerque.
 Mausbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Gorbio River is a short river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. Its source is between the small towns Peille and Gorbio. It flows into the Mediterranean Sea at Roquebrune-Cap-Martin.
 The Călinești River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Lough Eske or Lough Eask (from Irish Loch Iascaigh or Loch Iasc meaning Lake of the Fish) is a small lake in County Donegal in the northwest of Ireland. The lake lies to the northeast of Donegal Town to which it is connected by the River Eske. The lake is about 900 acres (3.6 km2) in size and is surrounded to the north east and west by the Bluestack Mountains which occupy most of Central and Eastern County Donegal.
 Walker Pond is a body of water in Sturbridge Massachusetts situated off Route 49 on the way to Wells State Park.
 The Bălţatu River is a tributary of the Muncelu River in Romania.
 Gohlig is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Mount Thule is a mountain on Bylot Island Nunavut Canada. It is located 38 km (24 mi) north of Pond Inlet on Baffin Island. It is associated with the Baffin Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
 Dog Lake is a lake in Salt Lake County Utah located near the Brighton Ski Resort.
 The Horse Range is a mountain range in Josephine County Oregon.
 The Orange River (Afrikaans/Dutch: Oranjerivier) Gariep River Groote River or Senqu River is the longest river in South Africa. It rises in the Drakensberg mountains in Lesotho flowing westwards through South Africa to the Atlantic Ocean. The river forms part of the international borders between South Africa and Namibia and between South Africa and Lesotho as well as several provincial borders within South Africa. Except for Upington it does not pass through any major cities.
 Seilandstuva is the highest mountain on the island of Seiland in Finnmark county Norway. The 1078-metre (3537 ft) tall mountain lies on the border of Alta Municipality and Hammerfest Municipality and inside Seiland National Park.
 Murphy Lake is a reservoir in Kaufman County Texas United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 374 feet (114 m).
 Ibn Battuta is a small lunar crater on the Mare Fecunditatis a lunar mare in the eastern part of the Moon's near side. It lies to the southwest of the crater Lindbergh and northeast of the prominent Goclenius.The mare to the south and west of Ibn Battuta contains a number of ghost crater formations consisting of crater rims that have been submerged by lava flows and now form ring-shaped projections in the surface.
 Rostojávri is a lake on the border between Norway and Sweden. The Norwegian name for the lake is Store Rostavatn and the Swedish name is Råstojaure. The lake is located in the municipality of Målselv in Troms county on the Norwegian side of the border and in Kiruna Municipality in Norrbotten County on the Swedish side.
 Backbone Mountain is a ridge of the Allegheny Mountains of the central Appalachian Mountain Range. It is situated in the U.S. states of West Virginia and Maryland and forms a portion of the Eastern Continental Divide.
 Mount Hōbutsu (宝仏山 Hōbutsu-san) is a Japanese mountain located on the border of Hino and Kōfu Tottori. The area around the mountain was incorporated into as a part of Daisen-Oki National Park in March 2002.It has an elevation of 1005 metres. This mountain is one of Chūgoku 100 mountains and Tottori 50 mountains.
 Ninemile Creek is a river on Douglas Island in the City and Borough of Juneau Alaska United States. Its origin is in hills to the southeast and it flows northwest to Gastineau Channel near West Juneau; it is 1.2 miles (1.9 km) east of Entrance Point and 6.4 miles (10.3 km) northwest of the city of Juneau.The name was supplied by the United States Geological Survey in 1962 and it was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on March 31 1981.
 The River Cober (Cornish: Dowr Kohar) is a short river in west Cornwall United Kingdom. It rises near Porkellis Moor in the former Kerrier District and runs to the west of the town of Helston before entering the largest natural lake in Cornwall – Loe Pool. The water is impounded by the natural barrier Loe Bar and the river system can be traced several kilometres out into Mount's Bay.
 The Poachie Range is a moderate length mountain range and massif in southeast Mohave County Arizona and the extreme southwest corner of Yavapai County; the range also abuts the northeast corner of La Paz County.
 Ironjaw Lake is a 51-acre (21 ha) lake that is located in south-western Schoolcraft County Michigan in the Hiawatha National Forest. It is just east of the county line with Alger and just north of the county line with Delta County. Other nearby lakes include Hugaboom Lake Mowe Lake Blue Lake Corner-Straits Chain of lakes Nineteen Lake Verdant Lake and Round Lake.
 The Toți River is a tributary of the Sărata River is Romania.
 The Little Burro Mountains are a short 15 mi (24 km) long mountain range located in Grant County New Mexico. The range lies adjacent to the southeast border of the larger Big Burro Mountains. The Little Burro Mountains are located 8 mi southwest of Silver City. State Road 90 from Silver City skirts the southern perimeter of the range on its route to Lordsburg.The Continental Divide of the Americas traverses the southern ridgeline of the Little Burro's and continues on its southwest flank.
 Glonn is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Gale River is a 13.1 mile long (21.1 km) tributary of the Ammonoosuc River in northwestern New Hampshire in the United States. Via the Ammonoosuc it is part of the watershed of the Connecticut River which flows to Long Island Sound.The Gale River flows for its entire length in Grafton County. It rises in the White Mountains in the town of Franconia as two short northward-flowing streams: its North Branch and its South Branch.
 The Roßkopf in the Allgäu Alps is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Lee is a peak in the Santa Monica Mountains located in Griffith Park in Los Angeles California USA. The famous Hollywood Sign is located on its southern slope. The sign is visible north of the Mulholland Highway. A good view of it can be had by driving north up Gower Street from Hollywood Boulevard to see the sign directly ahead and then north along Beachwood Drive. One can also take Franklin Ave.
 The São Pedro River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Suetambu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Dead River found in Lake County Florida serves as the division between the cities of Tavares and Leesburg. It received its name due to lack of a current. Studies have shown that a simple john boat can remain in nearly same position if left on the river overnight with less than five feet of drift. The Dead River connects Lake Eustis and Lake Harris. The only roadway to cross the river is U.S. Highway 441/SR 44 near the river's northern mouth toward Lake Eustis.
 Lake Oahe (oh-WAH'-hee) is a large reservoir behind Oahe Dam on the Missouri River beginning in central South Dakota and continuing north into North Dakota in the United States. The lake has an area of 370000 acres (1500 km2) and a maximum depth of 205 ft (62 m). By volume it is the fourth-largest reservoir in the US. Lake Oahe has a length of approximately 231 mi (372 km) and has a shoreline of 2250 mi (3620 km).
 The Steile Wand (literally steep wall or steep face) is a 518.9 metre high hill ridge in the southwestern part of the Harz Mountains in the German state of Lower Saxony.
 Manyuchi Dam forms a reservoir on the Mwenezi River in southern Zimbabwe. It is located in the Mwenezi District. The building of the dam was financed by the Mwenezi Development Corporation. The dam was built to irrigate oil palm estates.
 Yanashallash also Yanashalla or Yanashayash (in the regional Quechua spellings yana black salla large cliff of gravel aya corpse black cliff of gravel or black corpse) is a mountain in the north of the Wallanka mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5162 m (16936 ft)) high.Yanashallash or Yanashayash is also the name of the mountain pass at 4700 m (15400 ft)) north of the mountain. It connects the towns Chiquián and Huallanca.
 First Lake is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Ponikve (Serbian Cyrillic: Поникве) is a mountain and plateau in western Serbia near the city of Užice. Its highest peak Jarčevo brdo has an elevation of 1008 meters above sea level. At Ponikvе is also Užice-Ponikve Airport also known as the Lepa Glava. Ponikve airport was heavily bombarded by NATO forces during the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia. It is the only airport in the western part of Serbia and is currently under reconstruction.
 Lake Benmore is a lake located in the South Island of New Zealand. It was artificially created in the 1960s by construction of Benmore Dam. The lake covers an area of approximately 75 km². Parts of it lie in the Mackenzie Waimate and Waitaki districts within the southern portion of the Canterbury Region.The major rivers with which it is fed are the Ohau Pukaki Tekapo and Ahuriri Rivers. Immediately downstream is Lake Aviemore.
 Puig de la Mola is a mountain in the Garraf Massif Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 533 metres above sea level.It is located between the municipa terms of Avinyonet del Penedès Olesa de Bonesvalls (Alt Penedès) Begues (Baix Llobregat) and Olivella (Garraf)
 The Hautza or Autza is a mountain on the Spanish side of the border in the Basque Country. It is located between Elizondo in Baztan (Navarre Spain) and Saint-Étienne-de-Baïgorry (Lower Navarre France).
 Uma Jalanta (Aymara falling water or waterfall) is a mountain in the Khari Khari mountain range of the Bolivian Andes about 4760 m (15617 ft) high. It is situated south east of Potosí in the Potosí Department Tomás Frías Province Potosí Municipality. Uma Jalanta lies south of the Illimani and north east of Challwiri Lake.
 Kalijärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The Luncșoru River is a tributary of the Ungureni River in Romania.
 Smith Cove (formerly known as Smith's Cove) is a body of water the northern part of Seattle Washington's Elliott Bay immediately south of the area that has been known since 1894 as Interbay.
 The Rakovički potok (Serbian Cyrillic: Раковички поток English: Rakovica Creek) is a short stream in north-central Serbia a 85 kilometer-long right tributuary to the Topčiderka river. During its entire flow it runs through the southern outskirts of the urban section of Belgrade.
 Mount Sefuri (脊振山 Sefuri-san) is a 1054.6 m (3460 ft) peak of the Sefuri Mountains which are located on the border of Fukuoka Fukuoka Prefecture and Kanzaki Saga Prefecture Japan.
 Puigsallança is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1026 metres above sea level.
 Ganda La is a high mountain pass located at around 4980 metres above sea level in Ladakh 23 km south-west of Leh in the Himalayas in India. It connects the Markha valley villages to Leh and is regularly used by local people. The summer pass is opened from June and the winter pass (half kilometre north-west of summer pass) is opened from late April.
 The Voineșița River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Win Hill lies north west of Bamford in the Derbyshire Peak District of England. At 462 m (1516 ft) it is almost surrounded by the River Derwent to the east River Noe to the south west and Ladybower Reservoir to the north but a ridge running north west links it to Kinder Scout.
 Sortlandssundet is a strait or sound in the municipality of Sortland in Nordland county Norway. It separates the islands of Langøya and Hinnøya and it connects to the Hadselfjorden in the south and the Gavlfjorden in the north. The Sortland Bridge is the only bridge that crosses the 30-kilometre (19 mi) long strait.
 Krebsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Amajari River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Tony Grove Lake is a lake in Cache County Utah. The Tony Grove Lake Campground is located on the southeast shore of the lake. The lake and campground are situated on the Logan Canyon Scenic Byway. An 11 mi (18 km) paved road climbs to a height of 8048 feet (2453 m) to reach Tony Grove Lake and the Mount Naomi Wilderness area.
 Horsetooth Mountain is a mountain in the foothills of the Front Range west of the city of Fort Collins Colorado USA from which it is easily visible.The mountain is easily distinguishable by the large rock formation on its summit known as Horsetooth Rock. The formation is a prominent landmark of the nearby city of Fort Collins and often used as a symbol of that city appearing in the official city seal.
 The Middle Branch Mousam River is a 13.9-mile-long (22.4 km) river in southern Maine flowing through the town of Alfred in York County. It is a tributary of the Mousam River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean.
 Jiquiá River is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil.
 The Boulețu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Viskyar Ridge (’rid vis-’kyar) is a rocky ridge rising to 600 m and extending 2.5 km in north-south direction in Breznik Heights Greenwich Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. The ice-free surface area of the ridge is 135 hectares (330 acres). Surmounting Zheravna Glacier to the west and Targovishte Glacier to the east with its south extremity forming Sartorius Point. The feature is named after Viskyar Mountain in western Bulgaria.
 Caney Creek (San Jacinto River) is a river in Texas.
 Gaywood River (sometimes known as the River Gay or River Gaywood or in King's Lynn as the Fisher Fleet) is a tributary of the River Great Ouse in the west of the county of Norfolk. Its source is 11 metres above sea level northwest of the village of Gayton in Derby Fen Map Reference TF 705 209. It runs for 6.7 miles (10.8 km) to its outflow into the River Great Ouse in the town of King's Lynn. Derby Fen is the remnant of a valley fen system once found in these parts.
 The Reiter Alpe (also Reiter Alm or Reither Steinberge) is a mountain range of the Berchtesgaden Alps named after the village Reit. it is located on the German–Austrian border in Bavaria Germany and Salzburg Austria.
 Thompson Peak is located in the McDowell Mountains the summit being 20 miles (32 km) to the northeast of Phoenix Arizona. Its height is 3982 feet (1214 m). Thompson Peak has amateur and Maricopa County government radio towers accessible via a service road from Fountain Hills.
 The Rhône (French: Rhône IPA: [ʁon]; German: Rhone; Walliser German: Rotten; Italian: Rodano; Arpitan: Rôno; Occitan: Ròse) is one of the major rivers of Europe rising in Switzerland and running from there through southeastern France. At Arles near its mouth on the Mediterranean Sea the river divides into two branches known as the Great Rhône (French: Grand Rhône) and the Little Rhône (Petit Rhône). The resulting delta constitutes the Camargue region.
 Woltjer is an impact crater that is located in the northern latitudes of the Moon's far side. It is just attached to the southern outer rim of the larger crater Montgolfier. To the southwest is Schneller and to the east is Stoletov.This is a relatively recent impact compared to most of the craters on the far side and the rim is still well-formed with little erosion. It is old enough however that its albedo matches its surroundings and it lacks a ray system.
 The Shannon Brook a perennial stream of the Richmond River catchment is located in Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales Australia.
 The Chrüzlipass (2347 m) is a high mountain pass of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Uri and Graubünden. Its connects Amsteg (Uri) and Sedrun (Graubünden). It is one of the lowest passes between the two cantons and is traversed by a trail.The pass is overlooked by the Witenalpstock and the Chrüzlistock.
 The Tuxpan River (Veracruz) is a river of Mexico.
 The Burdaleuca River is a tributary of the Cracău River in Romania.
 Cheontaesan is a South Korean mountain in the counties of Geumsan Chungcheongnam-do and Yeongdong Chungcheongbuk-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 714.7 m (2345 ft).
 Poynting is a large lunar impact crater located on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the north-northwest of the walled plain Hertzsprung with the crater Fersman immediately to the east and Kekulé equally near to the west-southwest.This crater has undergone some erosion and several small craters lie across the rim and inner wall. A pair of these lie next to each other along the eastern side and another pair on the western rim. Across the southeast rim is a nearly merged crater pair.
 Xuelian Feng Xuelian Peak or Snow Lotus Peak is one of the major mountains of the Tian Shan mountain range. It lies in Xinjiang province China about 50 kilometres (30 mi) east-northeast of Jengish Chokusu the highest peak in the range. It is notable for its large steep relief above the nearby valleys and for its large topographic prominence. (It is ranked 84th in the world by this measure).
 Venetjoki Reservoir (Finnish: Venetjoen tekojärvi) is a medium-sized lake in the Perhonjoki main catchment area. It is located in the Central Ostrobothnia region in Finland. The purpose of the reservoir is to prevent spring flooding in the lower parts of the river. On the river Perhonjoki there are also two smaller reservoirs Patana Reservoir and Vissavesi Reservoir.
 Dysna (Russian: Дисна) is a river that flows through Lithuania and Belarus into the Daugava River near the town of Dzisna.The river originates from Lake Parsvėtas near Dūkštas Ignalina district municipality. It flows through Lake Dysnai and Lake Dysnykštis. Near Kačergiškės it turns east and for 39 km flows on the Lithuanian-Belarusian border. The length in Lithuania is 17 km.
 Lake Kohangapiripiri is one of the two freshwater Pencarrow lakes in Fitzroy Bay - the other being the slightly larger Lake Kohangatera. It stands to the east of Pencarrow Head on the eastern side of New Zealand's Wellington Harbour in East Harbour Regional Park and is fed by Cameron Stream which rises on private land to its north. The Pencarrow lakes formed in valleys which became blocked to the nearby sea after earthquakes changed the topography.
 The Talc City Hills is a mountain range in the Mojave Desert near Death Valley in Inyo County California. They are just north of California State Route 190 near Panamint Springs California.
 Whitewater Creek is a stream in Mesa County Colorado with elevations that range from 1415 feet (431 m) to 4642 feet (1415 m). The traverses from Land's End to Whitewater Colorado.
 Ulley Reservoir is a reservoir located a few hundred metres to the west and downhill of the village of Ulley 4 miles (6.4 km) south of Rotherham South Yorkshire England. It is 2.5 miles (4.0 km) away from junction 33 of the M1 motorway.
 The Mamer is a river flowing through Luxembourg joining the Alzette at Mersch. It flows through the towns of Mamer and Kopstal. The river is a tributary to the Moselle river.[citation needed]
 Nye Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York named after William B. Nye (c.1815–1893) an Adirondack mountain guide. Nye Mountain is part of the Street Range of the Adirondack Mountains; it is flanked to the southwest by Street Mountain.Nye Mountain stands within the watershed of the West Branch of the Ausable River which drains into Lake Champlain thence into Canada's Richelieu River the Saint Lawrence River and into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence.The west side of Nye Mtn.
 Nine Mile Run known as Ninemile Run according to the USGS GNIS is a moderately large tributary of the Six Mile Run one of the branches of the Millstone River in central New Jersey in the United States.
 Comerford Reservoir is a 1093-acre (4 km2) impoundment located on the Connecticut River on the boundary between Vermont and New Hampshire in the United States. The reservoir is formed by the Frank D. Comerford Dam in the towns of Monroe New Hampshire and Barnet Vermont and impounds water into the towns of Littleton New Hampshire and Waterford Vermont nearly to the Moore Reservoir upstream on the Connecticut.
 Pico Bonpland is Venezuela's third highest peak at 4883 metres above sea level. It is located in the Sierra Nevada de Merida in the Venezuelan Andes of (Mérida State). The peak with its sister peak Pico Humboldt and the surrounding páramos are protected by the Sierra Nevada National Park. The name of the peak is in honor to Aimé Bonpland although he never visited the Venezuelan Andes.The glaciers located in the Bonpland were the result from Merida glaciation in the Pleistocene.
 For other places sharing the name 'Pass of the cross' please see Col de la Croix (disambiguation)Col de la Croix de Fer (English: Pass of the Iron Cross) (el. 2067 m.) is a high mountain pass in the French Alps linking Le Bourg-d'Oisans and Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne.
 The river Someș (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈsomeʃ]; Hungarian Szamos) flows through Romania and Hungary. It rises from two headstreams the Someșul Mare in the Rodna Mountains in Bistriţa-Năsăud County and the Someșul Mic in the Apuseni Mountains of Cluj County.
 The Secăria River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 Cruach Mhór (Big Stack) is the eleventh-highest mountain peak in Ireland at 932 metres (3058 ft) high. It is at the eastern end of MacGillycuddy's Reeks in County Kerry at grid reference V840848. Further along the ridge to the southwest are The Big Gun (939 m) Cnoc na Péiste (988 m) and Maolán Buí.
 The Dos Porcos River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Grange Fell is a small fell in the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria situated in the Borrowdale valley overlooking the villages of Grange in Borrowdale and Rosthwaite.
 Dazhbog Patera is a volcanic feature on Jupiter's moon Io. Named after Dažbog it has a diameter of 118.36 km. and is located 55.1°N 301.48°W﻿ / 55.1; -301.48﻿ (Dazhbog Patera). This volcano is difficult to differentiate from the other volcanoes and geological features in some images of Io. In images from the Voyager spacecraft this caldera is quite prominent with its dark reddish floor with a darkish halo around the caldera.
 The Brunnisach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Johnson Draw also formerly known as Johnsons Run and Johnson Creek is a tributary of the Devil's River in Val Verde County Texas. It has its source in Crockett County Texas at 30°56′03″N 101°17′31″W 17.0 miles north northwest of Ozona Texas.
 The Crasta Mora is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking Bever in the canton of Graubünden. It lies at the eastern end of the range between the Albula Pass and the Val Bever.
 Kola (Russian: Кола) is a river on the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 83 km long with a drainage basin of 3850 km². The river flows out of Lake Kolozero north into the Kola Bay of the Barents Sea some 10 km south of Murmansk. The neighbouring Tuloma River has its mouth just one kilometer to the west. The average discharge is 40 m³/s but there are large seasonal variations. Its largest tributaries is Kitza and Orlovka from the right and Tukhta and Medvezhya from the left.
 The Ichetucknee River is a spring-fed pristine river in North Central Florida. The entire 6 miles (9.7 km) of the river average 20 feet (6.1 m) wide 5 feet (1.5 m) deep and most of the 6 miles lie within the boundaries of the Ichetucknee Springs State Park while the rest is to the south of US Highway 27.
 The River Arrow is a tributary of the River Avon which flows through Worcestershire and Warwickshire in the English Midlands.
 Peschsiefen is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Santry River (Irish: Abhainn Sheantraibh) (formerly Skillings Glas) is a fairly small river on the north side of Dublin city one of the forty or so watercourses monitored by Dublin City Council.
 Indian River is a 59.1-mile-long (95.1 km) tributary of the Manistique River on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It rises out of Hovey Lake at 46°17′36″N 86°42′20″W on Hiawatha National Forest land in Alger County and flows south and east through a lake district and on through Schoolcraft County. The river flows into the 8659 acre (35 km²) Indian Lake at 46°17′36″N 86°42′20″W and flows out at 45°59′30″N 86°17′15″W.
 Rutgers Glacier (78°14′S 161°55′E) is a steep glacier on the west side of the Royal Society Range in the Ross Dependency Antarctica. Rutgers Glacier descends southwest from Johns Hopkins Ridge and Mount Rucker to enter the Skelton Glacier. Abbott Spur separates the lower ends of Rutgers Glacier from Allison Glacier.
 The Mula is a river in Pune India. It originates from Mulshi Dam. Further downstream it merges with the Mutha River to form the Mula-Mutha river .
 The Mușatul River is a tributary of the Gârcin River in Romania.
 The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Pleșcuța River in Romania.
 The Șopotu River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Gwaneumsan is a mountain in the city of Pocheon Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 733 m (2405 ft).
 The Sanxia River (Chinese: 三峽河; Hanyu Pinyin: Sānxiá Hé; Tongyong Pinyin: Sansiá Hé; Wade–Giles: San1-hsia2 Ho2) is a river in Taiwan. It flows through New Taipei City for 22.6km.
 Benaughlin Mountain (from Irish: Binn Eachlabhra) is a mountain in the Cuilcagh Mountain range in County Fermanagh Northern Ireland. Its composition is mainly of sandstone limestone and shale.At its highest point Benaughlin is 373 metres (1224 ft) above sea level. A section of the Ulster Way passes around the side of the mountain within 300 m of the summit.The name Benaughlin comes from the Irish: Binn Eachlabhra which means peak of the speaking horse.
 Whitecrow Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1922 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 The Cobori Creek ( in Hungarian: Kóbor-patak ) is a right tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name in Hungarian means “Straying Creek.”
 Viehmoorgraben is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Waylla (Aymara Stipa obtusa a kind of feather grass hispanicized spelling Guailla Huailla) is a mountain in the Andes located on the border of Bolivia and Chile in the Cordillera Occidental.It consists of two peaks Waylla East (Guailla Oriente Huaila Oriental Huailla Oriental) and Waylla West (Guailla Occidente Huailla Occidente). The distance between the peaks is about 3 km.
 The Bogata River or Vad River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Jatun Q'asa (Quechua jatun hatun big great q'asa mountain pass great mountain pass hispanicized spelling Jatún Casa) is a mountain in the Khari Khari mountain range of the Bolivian Andes about 5023 m (16480 ft) high. It is situated south east of Potosí in the Potosí Department north of the plain called Jatun Molino Pampa and the Sip'uruni River. Jatun Q'asa lies north of the mountains Q'illu Q'asa and Q'illu Urqu and south of Yuraq Yuraq.
 Arpe (Wenne Berge) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Eistringhauser Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Strait of Tartary (Gulf of Tartary Gulf of Tatary Tatar Strait Tartar Strait Strait of Tartar also Russian: Татарский пролив Chinese: 韃靼海峽 Japanese: 間宮海峡 Mamiya Strait) is a strait in the Pacific Ocean dividing the Russian island of Sakhalin from mainland Asia (South-East Russia) connecting the Sea of Okhotsk on the north with the Sea of Japan on the south. It is 900 km long[citation needed] 4–20 m deep and 7.3 km wide at the narrowest point.
 The Teysachaux (1909 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking Les Paccots in the canton of Fribourg. It lies south of the Moléson on the range west of the Sarine river.
 Flinsch Peak (9225 ft (2812 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. It is 2.3 miles (3.7 km) west of Rising Wolf Mountain and straddles the Continental Divide. Viewed from Oldman Lake the summit has a distinctive horn shape. Young Man Lake is immediately east of the peak.
 South Boulder Creek is a tributary of Boulder Creek in central Colorado in the United States. Its source is near Rogers Pass on the Continental Divide. The stream flows to a confluence with Boulder Creek in northeast Boulder.
 Snowbank Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. No trails lead directly to this lake although Sawtooth National Forest trails 458 494 and 459 are relatively close.Snowbank Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 Buffalo Creek is a 16.0-mile-long (25.7 km) tributary of the Maury River in Rockbridge County in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is part of the James River watershed.
 The Verde Creek is a river of Bolivia.
 The Mareb River (or Gash River) is a river flowing out of central Eritrea. Its chief importance is defining part of the boundary between Eritrea and Ethiopia between the point where the Mai Ambassa enters the river at 14°53.6′N 37°54.8′E to the confluence of the Balasa with the Mareb at 14°38′N 39°1.3′E.
 The Novo River (Paraguay River) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Groșetu River is a tributary of the Repedea River in Romania.
 Lac du Jotty is a reservoir at La Baume in Haute-Savoie France.
 The Arafura Sea lies west of the Pacific Ocean overlying the continental shelf between Australia and Indonesian New Guinea.
 The Cheia River or Valea Cheii River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Rudăriţa and Urdăriţa
 Oare Water passes through the village of Oare on Exmoor in Somerset England.It joins Badgworthy Water before flowing to Watersmeet and the Bristol Channel as the East Lyn River.Oare bridge is an 18th-century road bridge over Oare Water
 Bell's Backyard Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Port Kennedy Bone Cave is a limestone cave in Port Kennedy Pennsylvania USA. The Bone Cave contained one of the most important middle Pleistocene (Irvingtonian approximately 750000 years ago) fossil deposits in North America.The fossils in the cave were investigated by noted 19th-century palaeontologists Edward Drinker Cope Henry C. Mercer and Charles M. Wheatley.
 Muztagh Tower (also: Mustagh Tower; Muztagh: ice tower) is a mountain in the Baltoro Muztagh part of the Karakoram range in Baltistan on the border of the Gilgit–Baltistan region of Pakistan and the Xinjiang Uygur region of China. It stands between the basins of the Baltoro and Sarpo Laggo glaciers.
 The River Braan (Scottish Gaelic: Breamhainn) is a tributary of the River Tay in Scotland. Within the county of Perth and Kinross it flows 11 miles (17 km) eastwards from Loch Freuchie near Amulree and joins the River Tay near Dunkeld.
 The Wind River (Arapaho: Hóteiniicíe ) is the name applied to the upper reaches of the Bighorn River in Wyoming in the United States. The Wind River is 185 miles (298 km) long. The two rivers are sometimes referred to as the Wind/Bighorn.
 The Stânca River is a tributary of the Agapia River in Romania.
 The Northern Patagonian Ice Field located in southern Chile is the smaller of two remnant parts in which the Patagonian Ice Sheet in the Andes Mountains of lower South America can be divided. It is completely contained within the boundaries of Laguna San Rafael National Park. The Northern Patagonian Ice Field is a vestige of the Patagonian Ice Sheet an extensive ice sheet that covered all of Chilean Patagonia and the westernmost parts of Argentine Patagonia during the Quaternary glaciations.
 The Toce is a river in Piedmont Italy which stretches the length of the Val d'Ossola from the Swiss border to Lake Maggiore into which it debouches near Fondotoce in the Commune of Verbania. The river is 836 kilometres in length and is formed in the upper Val Formazza by the confluence of a number of torrents in the plain of Riale.
 The Sierra de la Ventana (also Sierras de Ventania) is a mountain range in Buenos Aires Province and one of the only two located within the Pampas ecosystem.
 Carcajou Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is on the north slope of Porcupine Ridge.
 Williams Peak elevation 11622 ft (3542 m) is a summit in the Front Range of Colorado. The peak is 19 mi (31 km) southeast of Kremmling in the Arapaho National Forest.
 The River Stour /ˈstaʊər/ is the river in Kent England that flows into the North Sea at Pegwell Bay. Above Plucks Gutter where the Little Stour joins it the river is normally known as the Great Stour. The upper section of the river above its confluence with the East Stour at Ashford is sometimes known as the Upper Great Stour or West Stour. In the tidal lower reaches the artificial Stonar Cut short cuts a large loop in the natural river.
 Volcán Ixtepeque is a stratovolcano in southern Guatemala. It consists of several rhyolitic lava domes and basaltic cinder cones. Its name is derived from the nahuatl word for obsidian. Ixtepeque was one of the most important obsidian sources in pre-Columbian Mesoamerica.
 Mount Ellis is the highest mountain 2330 m of the Darwin Mountains surmounting the northern edge of Midnight Plateau. Mapped by the Darwin Glacier Party of the CTAE (1956–58). Named for M.R. Ellis engineer with the CTAE who accompanied Sir Edmund Hillary to the South Pole.
 The Chișirig River is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
 The Santa Clara River is a 52-mile-long (84 km) river whose three forks join above Pine Valley in the Pine Valley Mountains in Washington County Utah United States. It flows west then south then briefly southeast before joining the Virgin River just south of downtown St. George. It is southern Utah's largest tributary to the Virgin River.
 The Cévennes (Occitan: Cevenas) are a range of mountains in south-central France covering parts of the départements of Ardèche Gard Hérault and Lozère.The word Cévennes comes from the Gaulish Cebenna which was Latinized by Julius Caesar to Cevenna. The Cévennes are named Cemmenon (Κέμμενων) in Strabo's Geographica.The average population density is 14/km².The Cévennes are a part of the Massif Central.
 The Cracul Mic River is a headwater of the Agăstin River in Romania.
 The Methana volcano peninsula is situated approximately 50 kilometres (31 mi) southwest of Athens in Greece.
 The Gulf of Varna (Bulgarian: Варненски залив Varnenski zaliv) is a gulf on Bulgaria's Black Sea coast. The length of the gulf is 3 kilometres (1.9 mi). Its maximum width is 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) and its depth ranges from 10 to 18 metres (33 to 59 ft). The Port of Varna and the major city of Varna are located on the gulf.
 Nävsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Selbusjø or Selbusjøen is the 17th largest lake in Norway. It is located in Sør-Trøndelag county primarily in the municipality of Selbu although the western end of it lies in Klæbu. The 58.26-square-kilometre (22.49 sq mi) lake is the largest lake in Sør-Trøndelag county. Selbusjø is part of the Nea-Nidelv watershed with the Nea River flowing into it on the eastern end and the Nidelva River flowing out the western end.
 Canaan Street Lake is a 303-acre (123 ha) water body located in Grafton County in western New Hampshire United States in the town of Canaan. It is part of the Mascoma River watershed a tributary of the Connecticut River.A portion of the lake's shoreline is occupied by the Cardigan Mountain School.
 The Vrbas (Cyrillic: Врбас) is a major river with a length of 235 km in western Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is a right tributary of the Sava river. The city of Banja Luka is located on the river banks.
 The Valea Iepei River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 The Semnon (French: le Semnon) is a 73.3 km (45.5 mi) long river in the Mayenne Maine-et-Loire Ille-et-Vilaine and Loire-Atlantique départements western France. Its source is at Congrier. It flows generally west-northwest. It is a left tributary of the Vilaine into which it flows between Pléchâtel and Bourg-des-Comptes.
 Fox River is a stream 27 miles (43 km) long on the Kenai Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. The river heads at the terminus of the Chernof Glacier in the Kenai Mountains then flows southwest to the northeast end of Kachemak Bay. The river mouth is 24 miles (39 km) northeast of Homer.A census-designated place of the same name lies along the river.
 The Clent Hills lie 10 miles south-west of Birmingham city centre in Clent Worcestershire England. The closest towns are Stourbridge and Halesowen both in the West Midlands conurbation. The Clent Hills range consists of in order from north-west to south-east: Wychbury Hill Clent Hill (and Adams Hill) and Walton Hill (and Calcot Hill).
 Lake Paladru (Lac de Paladru) is a small lake located in the Isère département near Charavines in France.The lake was formed by the glacier of the Rhône. It is 6 km long and 1.2 km wide when full. Maximum depth: 33m.
 The Duda Mare River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 The Ben of Howth (Irish: Beann Éadair ) is a hilly area on Howth Head adjacent to the 171 metre high Black Linn the peninsula's highest point. Lying approximately 1½ km to the south of Howth village the nearest road is Windgate Road from which a path leads west past Green Hallows quarry.Two of Howth's other peaks are nearby Shelmartin or Shielmartin which lies approximately 1 km to the west and Dun Hill 0.5 km to the north west.
 Nicolai is a lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere of the Moon in a region that is less disturbed by significant impacts than most of the highlands. The nearest craters of note are Spallanzani to the south and the much larger Maurolycus and Barocius to the east. The crater is named after the 19th-century German astronomer Friedrich Bernhard Gottfried Nicolai.
 The Lärcheck (also Lärchegg) is a 2123 metres (6965 ft) high mountain in the Kaisergebirge range of the Northern Limestone Alps in Austria.
 The Aluniș River is a river intercepted by the Canalul Timiș (Timiș Canal) in the city of Braşov Romania.
 Mendes Pinto is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 214 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Mendes Pinto is named for the Portuguese adventurer Fernão Mendes Pinto who lived from 1510 to 1583.
 The Waitati River is a river in New Zealand flowing into the Pacific Ocean at Blueskin Bay north of Dunedin.
 The Las Vacas River is a river in Guatemala. It begins in the mountains in the eastern outskirts of Guatemala City and runs in a north-easterly direction to join the Motagua River where the departmental borders of El Progreso Baja Verapaz and Guatemala converge. In its final kilometres the river marks the limits between the departments of Guatemala and El Progreso. The river is a major outlet for Guatemala City's raw sewage.
 Mount Crickmer is one of the southernmost summits of the Garibaldi Ranges of the Coast Mountains overlooking the Central Fraser Valley in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia Canada. Forming a rocky knoll at the northern end of a relatively flat-topped southeast-northwest axis ridge named Blue Mountain which divides the basin of Alouette Lake which lies immediately below it to the west and the valley of the Stave River; Stave Lake is immediately at its eastern foot.
 Mount Arbaba (Arbeba Erbeba ئاربه‌با) is a mountain near the city of Baneh in Iranian Kurdistan.
 The Trinity Alps are a mountain range in Siskiyou County and Trinity County in Northern California. They are in the Klamath Mountains System and located to the northwest of Redding.
 In planetary geology a collis (plural: colles) is a small hill or knob.
 Streap is a mountain in Lochaber Highland Scotland. It lies on a long ridge that separates Glen Finnan from Gleann Dubh Lighe about 5 km north-east of the town of Glenfinnan.
 The Russell River is a short river that passes east of the town of Babinda in Far North Queensland Australia. The river branches and their headwaters rise in the region of the two highest mountains in Queensland the highest Mount Bartle Frere and Mount Bellenden Ker.
 Aspen Mountain is a long mountain located approximately 12 miles (19 km) south of Rock Springs Wyoming and 5.5 miles (8.9 km) south of Arrowhead Springs in Sweetwater County. The mountain gets its name from patches of Quaking Aspen trees located on the north and southern faces of the mountain. Various older topographical maps name the mountain Quaking Aspen Mountain. Its primary use is for radio communications and it houses towers for various local and state companies.
 The River Horner also known as Horner Water rises near Luccombe on Exmoor Somerset and flows past Porlock into Porlock Bay near Hurlstone Point on the Bristol Channel.
 Pacific Creek begins in the Teton Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The creek originates from North Two Ocean Creek which splits into Pacific and Atlantic Creeks at Two Ocean Pass along the Continental Divide. Pacific Creek travels southwest into Grand Teton National Park and receives outflow from Two Ocean and Emma Matilda Lakes just before it empties into the Snake River immediately northwest of Moran Wyoming.
 Prien is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Gerușița River (sometimes also called Mândra River) is a tributary of the Gerului River in Romania.
 Croix des Têtes is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 2492 metres above sea level.
 The Silița River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 The Cumpănița River is a tributary of the Cumpăna River in Romania.
 West Chandler Pond is a 12-acre (49000 m2) pond in Pembroke Massachusetts. The pond is located west of Upper Chandler Pond and northwest of Pembroke's easternmost Town Forest. The pond is hydro logically associatied with a cranberry bog located to the southeast. An unnamed stream that runs through the cranberry bog and ultimately leads to Pine Brook a tributary of the Jones River is the outflow of the pond.
 The Mercurea River is a tributary of the Luncavăţ River in Romania.
 The Jilț Slivilești River is a tributary of the Jilţ River in Romania.
 Mount Speke lies in the Ruwenzori Mountains National Park in Uganda Africa and is the second highest peak in this range. Together with Mount Stanley and Mount Baker (Ruwenzoris) it forms a triangle enclosing the upper Bujuku Valley. The nearest peak is Mount Stanley which is 3.55 km to the SSW. The mountains lie within an area called 'The Mountains of the Moon'.All mountains in this range consist of multiple jagged peaks.
 Cedar Creek is a tributary of the Little Kanawha River 31.7 miles (51.0 km) long in central West Virginia in the United States.
 The Simpson Park Mountains also known as the Simpson Park Range are located in Lander and Eureka counties in central Nevada in the western United States. The mountains reach an elevation of 9147 feet (2788 m) at Fagin Mountain and cover an area of approximately 310 square miles (800 km2).
 Roineabhal is a hill on the Isle of Harris in the Western Isles of Scotland. The granite on the summit plateau of the mountain is anorthosite and is similar in composition to rocks found in the mountains of the Moon.The area is part of the South Lewis Harris and North Uist National Scenic Area.It is the site of the original Lingerbay 'superquarry' planning application submitted in 1991 and finally withdrawn in 2004.
 The Siriu Mare River is a headwater of the Siriu River in Romania.
 Vyasa is a crater on Mercury. It is an ancient crater overlain two much younger craters – Stravinsky and Sholem Aleichem.
 The Richenda River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the King Leopold Range near Mount Broome then flows in a sotherly direction then flows through Richenda gorge and turns west.
 Arrowsmith Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island east of Mount Arrowsmith.
 Tsiolkovskiy is a large lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies in the southern hemisphere to the west of the large crater Gagarin and northwest of Milne. Just to the south is Waterman with Neujmin to the south-southwest. The crater protrudes into the neighbouring Fermi an older crater of comparable size that does not have a lava-flooded floor.Tsiolkovskiy is one of the most prominent features on the far side of the moon.
 The Derwent is a river in Tasmania Australia. It was named after the River Derwent Cumbria by British Commodore John Hayes who explored it in 1793. The name is Brythonic Celtic for valley thick with oaks.John Hays placed the name Derwent River only in the upper part of the river. Matthew Flinders placed the name on all of the river.The banks of the Derwent were once covered by forests and occupied by Aborigines.
 The Făget River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 The Olympic Mountains are a mountain range on the Olympic Peninsula of western Washington in the United States. The mountains part of the Pacific Coast Ranges are not especially high - Mount Olympus is the highest at 7962 ft (2427 m); however the eastern slopes rise out of Puget Sound and the western slopes are separated from the Pacific Ocean by the 20 to 35 km (12 to 22 mi) wide Pacific Ocean coastal plain. The western slopes are the wettest place in the 48 contiguous states.
 Big Satilla Creek is a 55.8-mile-long (89.8 km) tributary of the Little Satilla River in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is part of the Satilla River watershed of southeastern Georgia.The creek rises in Hazlehurst in Jeff Davis County and flows south then southeast. After leaving Jeff Davis County it forms the boundary between Appling and Bacon counties then Appling and Pierce counties and finally Wayne and Pierce counties.
 Stuiben is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Amisan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do South Korea. It has an elevation of 630 metres (2067 ft).
 The Wannihorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Hohtenn in the canton of Valais. It lies south of the Wilerhorn on the range between the lower Lötschental and the Jolital.
 The Twin Buttes is a group of volcanic cinder cones located in the Cascade Mountain Range of Shasta County California.
 The Țăudu River is a tributary of the Băbiu River in Romania.
 Mount Zwischen elevation 12011 ft (3661 m) is a summit in the Sangre de Cristo Range of southern Colorado. The mountain is east of the Great Sand Dunes National Park and Preserve in the Rio Grande and San Isabel National Forests.
 Dumaresq River /djuːˈmɛrɪk/ a perennial stream of the Macintyre catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands and North West Slopes districts of New South Wales and the Darling Downs district of Queensland Australia.Part of the course of the river marks the boundary between Queensland and New South Wales.The river rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range near Mole River in New South Wales.
 Aneto is the highest mountain in the Pyrenees and in Aragon and Spain's third-highest mountain reaching a height of 3404 metres (11168 ft). It lies in the Spanish province of Huesca the northernmost of all three Aragonese provinces. It forms the southernmost part of the Maladeta massif.
 The Cuzap River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Paljavesi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is located in the Southern Savonia region in Finland in the municipality of Mikkeli. The lake belongs to the Vuoksi main catchment area.
 Barangsan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 555 metres.
 Westernahbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Princeton Tarn (77°35′S 163°6′E) is a mountain lake (tarn) at the northwest side of Mount Falconer and 0.1 nautical miles (0.2 km) south of Penn Tarn in the southwest part of Tarn Valley Victoria Land. The feature is one of four tarns in the valley named after American universities by the Victoria University of Wellington Antarctic Expedition (VUWAE) 1965-66.
 Birkeland is a lunar impact crater that lies in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. This crater is attached to the central waist of the oddly shaped Van de Graaff crater formation and may partly account for that crater's figure-8 shape. To the southeast is the large walled plain Leibnitz.This crater has not been significantly eroded and the outer rim is well-defined with a well-terraced inner walls around much of the interior.
 La Cumbre is a shield volcano on Fernandina Island in the Galápagos Islands.La Cumbre began erupting again in April 2009. The lava flows into the ocean could disrupt and destroy unique flora and fauna of the area. La Cumbre is the most active volcano of the Galapagos Islands and is a high occupancy volcano. It is a volcano with a height of 1476 m (4842 feet). It has experienced several collapses of the caldera floor often following explosive eruptions.
 The Löffelhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It is part of the Aargrat a range east of the Oberaarhorn that separates the valley of the Oberaar Glacier from the valley of Goms.
 Mount Edith Cavell is a mountain located in the Athabasca River and Astoria River valleys of Jasper National Park Canada and the most prominent peak entirely within Alberta. The mountain was named in 1916 for Edith Cavell an English nurse and executed by the Germans during World War I for having helped allied soldiers escape from occupied Belgium to the Netherlands in violation of military law.
 Peary Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in Nares Strait by eastern Ellesmere Island between the Cook Peninsula and the Bache Peninsula.It was named in honor of the American explorer Robert Peary by Norwegian oceanographer and meteorologist Harald Sverdrup.
 Fellvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Gildeskål in Nordland county Norway. The lake is located on the mainland of Norway north of the large lake Storglomvatnet and the Svartisen glacier. It is located in an isolated uninhabited part of Gildeskål south of the lake Langvatnet.
 San Diego River (Cuba) is a river of southern Cuba.
 Mount Morkill is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. There is a subpeak to the southwest of the main peak at an elevation of 2185 m (7169 ft) named The Gazetted Peak. It was named in 1965 after D.B. Morkill a British Columbia land surveyor.
 The Shere Hills are a range of undulating hills and rock formations on the Jos Plateau situated about 10 kilometres to the East of Jos metropolis the capital of Plateau State in the middle belt region of Nigeria.
 Lake Témiscouata is a lake in the Témiscouata region of southeastern Quebec. It is 45 km long and 5 km wide. The Madawaska River flows from this lake to the Saint John River.The city of Cabano is located on this lake.
 Hart Mountain is a fault-block mountain in Lake County Oregon USA. It lies about 30 miles (48 km) to the east of Lakeview.It is sometimes confused with a mountain range but is more properly described as one mountain. The two highest peaks are Warner Peak and Hart Peak. Warner Peak is located at 42°27′35″N 119°44′29″W. It is the highest point on the mountain at 8017 feet (2444 m) above sea level.
 Dourbie is also a tributary of the Hérault riverThe Dourbie is a 72 km long river in southern France left tributary of the Tarn River. Its source is north of Le Vigan in the Cévennes. It flows generally west through the following départements and towns: Gard: Dourbies Aveyron: Saint-Jean-du-Bruel NantThe Dourbie flows into the Tarn in Millau.
 Šibenik is a mountain in inland Dalmatia Croatia. Its highest peak is Veliki Šibenik at 1314 m.a.s.l.
 The Šventoji or Latvian Sventāja River is a river in the northwest of Lithuania and southwest of Latvia. It begins in Skuodas district and for 30 km flows on the international border between Latvia and Lithuania. Šventoji River flows into the Baltic Sea near Šventoji settlement north of Palanga.Būtingė oil terminal lies near the mouth.
 The Valea lui Dan River is a tributary of the Ungureni River in Romania.
 The Drunengalm (or Drunegalm) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located between Diemtigen and Reichenbach im Kandertal in the Bernese Oberland.
 Treisbach (Gilsa) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 East Torrey Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the east side of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range. Situated in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness East Torrey Glacier is part of the largest grouping of glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains and is immediately east of Continental Glacier and north of Downs Mountain. The glacier has three separate lobes and has retreated well above two proglacial lakes.
 Papuk is the largest mountain in the Slavonia region in eastern Croatia near the city of Požega.
 Reschensee (Italian: Lago di Resia German: Reschensee) or Lake Reschen is an artificial lake in the western portion of South Tyrol Italy approximately 2 km (1 mi) south of the Reschen Pass which forms the border with Austria and 3 km east of the mountain ridge forming the border with Switzerland. With its capacity of 120 million cubic metres (97000 ac·ft) it is the largest lake in the province. Its surface area of 6.6 km² makes it also the largest lake above 1000 m in the Alps.
 Situated 17 km north-east of St George lies E.J. Beardmore Dam (Lake Kajarabie). Constructed in 1972 for irrigation & town water the Beardmore Dam holds 81800 ML of water at 100% capacity at an average depth of 2.4 metres and has a surface area of 3350 ha. The Beardmore Dam & the lake it created (Kajarabie) impound water for some 75 km along the Balonne River and almost 20 km along the Maranoa River.
 The Libby River is a 5.2-mile-long (8.4 km) river in the town of Scarborough Maine in the United States. It is tidal in its lower reaches and it is a tributary of the Scarborough River joining it just above that river's mouth at the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Maronne (French: la Maronne) is a 92.6 km (57.5 mi) long river in the Cantal and Corrèze départements in south central France. Its source is several small streams joining near Récusseta hamlet in Saint-Paul-de-Salers. It flows generally west. It is a left tributary of the Dordogne into which it flows between Argentat and Monceaux-sur-Dordogne.
 The Uruçuí Prêto River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Budac River or Budacu River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
 Søndre Svarthåmåren is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Kellerwald is a low mountain range reaching heights of up to 675 m in the western part of northern Hesse Germany. Its assets include Germany's largest contiguous beech woodland and it contains Hesse's only national park the Kellerwald-Edersee National Park. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
 Hallingskarvet is a mountain range in southern Norway stretching from Geilo to Finse. The highest point is Folarskardnuten (1933 m) the highest point in Buskerud.In the north there is a large dammed lake called Strandavatnet. The Bergensbanen railway which runs south of Hallingskarvet has its highest stop at Finse (1222 m).In 2006 Hallingskarvet became part of the Hallingskarvet National Park.
 The Săpâncioara River is a headwater of the Săpânța River in Romania.
 The Fortaleza River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Kechery River or Kechery Puzha is a west flowing river which has its origins at Machad hills in Thrissur District. The river is 51 kilometres in length and empties to Arabian Sea at Chettuva Lake. It is linked with backwaters at Enamaakkal. Choondal Thodu is the only tributary of this river. The river irrigates 3560 hectres of land in Thalapilly taluk on Thrissur District through Vazhani irrigation project.
 Mount Uchiichi (ウチイチ山 Uchiichi-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Giurgiulețul River is a tributary of the Vedița River in Romania.
 Eastwater Cavern is a cave near Priddy in the limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. It is also known as Eastwater Swallet. It was first excavated in April 1902 by a team led by Herbert E. Balch composed of paid labourers and volunteers from the Wells Natural History Society. Progress was initially slow but by February 1903 Balch and Willcox had discovered substantial passage following the streamway down to the bottom of the cave.
 The Bernardo José River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Heywood Branch Canal was a branch of the Rochdale Canal from Castleton which led to Heywood. It opened in 1834 and carried traffic until 1937. It was abandoned in 1952 along with most of the Rochdale Canal and although the Rochdale Canal has been reopened the junction lies under the embankments of the M62 motorway.
 The Jaboatão River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 Loon Mountain is a mountain in Lincoln New Hampshire in Grafton County. It is in the White Mountain National Forest. The 3065-foot (934 m) mountain is known for Loon Mountain Ski Resort which like most New England mountain resorts has expanded into an all-season recreation area.
 The Jones Falls is a 17.9-mile-long (28.8 km) stream in Maryland. It is impounded to create Lake Roland before running through the city of Baltimore and finally emptying into the Baltimore Inner Harbor.The Jones Falls valley has a long history in the city of Baltimore as a transportation corridor. The valley of the Jones Falls carries Falls Road the tracks for the Amtrak Northeast Corridor the Jones Falls Expressway (JFX) of Interstate 83 and the Baltimore Light Rail.
 La Dôle is a peak in the Jura mountains in Vaud in western Switzerland rising to an altitude of 1677.2 meters. It is the second highest peak in the Swiss Jura the highest being Mont Tendre. La Dôle overlooks to south-east the summit of Barillette Peak the town of Nyon Lake Geneva and across the lake the Bernese Alps the Chablais Alps and Mont Blanc. To the south are views of the City of Geneva and the Canton of Geneva; to the north the village of Les Rousses.
 Cima Palon is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2239 metres.
 Platzerberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Hanno is a lunar crater that lies near the southeastern limb of the Moon along the western edge of the Mare Australe. About a crater diameter to the southwest is the prominent crater Pontécoulant.This is a heavily worn crater formation with an outer rim that has been battered and pock-marked by small impacts. A small crater attached to the north-northeastern rim forms a depression in the side.
 Cordillera de Queule is a minor mountain range in the border of La Araucanía Region and Los Ríos Region southern Chile. The forested hills of Cordillera de Queule makes up the northern boundary of Lingue Rivers drainage basin.
 The Botoșana River is a tributary of the Soloneţ River in Romania.
 Dunderberg Mountain stands at the so-called southern gate of the Hudson Highlands where the region's namesake Hudson River enters a dramatic gorge.
 Waterman is a lunar crater that is located on the Moon's far side and cannot be viewed directly from the Earth. It lies along the southern outer ramparts of the prominent crater Tsiolkovskiy. Almost attached to the southwest is Neujmin so that Waterman lies straddled between these two features.The outer rim of Waterman has been somewhat modified by its proximity to Tsiolkovskiy to the north and it now has a slightly oval shape.
 The Daia River is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 Sheep Creek is located 4 miles (6.4 km) southeast of Juneau in the U.S. state of Alaska. The Juneau community of Thane was originally called Sheep Creek. Draining an area of about 5 square miles (13 km2) it empties into Gastineau Channel. The valley formed by the river has a flat gravel trekking trail of 3.5 miles (5.6 km) south of Mount Roberts. The Snettisham hydroelectric dam substation is situated on a trail spur. Sheep Creek Hatchery is located at the outflow.
 The Monte Cristo Mountains are a mountain range in Nye County Nevada.
 The Leveleș River is a tributary of the Teuz River in Romania.
 Big Creek is a roughly 120 kilometre-long tributary of British Columbia's Chilcotin River.Its source is remote Lorna Lake located deep in the midst of the Chilcotin Ranges near the vertex of the boundaries of Big Creek Provincial Park the valley of the Taseko River and Taseko Lakes which lies to its west and the Spruce Lake Protected Area to its south (aka the South Chilcotin even though it's in the Bridge River Country part of the Lillooet region).
 Black Horse Lake is a seasonal lake just north of present day Great Falls Montana. The lake is usually dry except during the spring and early summer.
 The Sierra de Chinajá is a low karstic mountain range in Guatemala. It is situated in the north of the department of Alta Verapaz and covers an area of approximately 135 km².Its highest peak has an altitude of 838 m (15.973129°N 90.210114°W﻿ / 15.973129; -90.210114).The mountain range is isolated from other ranges and forms the last major topographic landform between the highlands of the Sierra de Chamá and the lowland plains of Petén.
 Hunts Mesa is a rock formation located in Monument Valley south of the border between Utah and Arizona in the United States and west of the border between Arizona's Navajo County and Apache County. It is one of two popular interior destinations in the Monument Valley Navajo Tribal Park for tourists to experience panoramic views of the popular sandstone formations from a distance. The other is Mystery Valley.
 Rosni Peak (Albanian: Maja e Rosit; Serbian: Rosni Vrh/Росни Врх) is the highest peak of a mountain named Bjelić located on the border between Albania and Montenegro. It is 2524 m (8280 feet) high the large mountain in the Prokletije range and the third highest mountain in Montenegro.
 The Râșnov River is a tributary of the Sohodol River in Romania.
 Eggella (Russian: Эггелла) is a shield volcano in central Kamchatka. The volcano is located on the west of the axis of southern Sredinny Range.
 The Rât River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
 Boonoo Boonoo River a watercourse of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 The Sălăgeni River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Gereb River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Mezen (Russian: Мезень) is a river in Udorsky District of the Komi Republic and in Leshukonsky and Mezensky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. Its mouth is located in the Mezen Bay of the White Sea. Mezen is one of the biggest rivers of European Russia. It is 857 kilometres (533 mi) long and the area of its basin 78000 square kilometres (30000 sq mi).
 Chilbosan (Ch’ilbo-san Korean: 칠보산 ) is a mountain in North Hamgyong province (Hamgyŏng-bukto ) North Korea. The name translates as seven treasures stemming from the legend that Chilbo-san has seven treasures buried in it. Chilbo-san is particularly noted for its views when covered in snow. The mountain is commonly divided into Inner Chilbo Outer Chilbo and Sea Chilbo. Amongst the main attractions apart from the views is the Kaesim Temple dating from the 9th century.
 Emerald Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. While no trails lead to the lake it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 047.Emerald Lake is northeast of Merriam Peak upstream of Baker and Cornice Lakes and downstream of Glacier and Rock Lakes.
 The Cheia River is a tributary of the Olăneşti River in Romania.
 Slieve Donard (/ˌsliːv ˈdɒnərd/ SLEEV DON-ərd; from Irish: Sliabh Dónairt meaning Dónairt's mountain) is an 850-metre (2790 ft) mountain in County Down Northern Ireland. Part of the Mourne Mountains it is the highest peak in Northern Ireland and in the wider province of Ulster. It is also the 19th highest peak on the island of Ireland.
 Flammarion is a lunar crater on the south edge of Sinus Medii. It is located between the crater Mösting to the northwest and Herschel to the southeast. The bowl-shaped Mösting A intersects the western rim of Flammarion.The worn outer wall of Flammarion is broken in the northwest and the remainder is eroded and damaged. The most intact section of the wall lies to the southeast.
 Oijärvi is a medium-sized lake of northern Finland in the Kuivajoki main catchment area. It is located in the Northern Ostrobothnia region and Ii municipality. A big part of the lake belongs to the Natura 2000 protection program due to it´s good environment for birds.
 The Menindee Lakes is a chain of shallow ephemeral freshwater lakes connected to the Darling River to form a storage system. The lakes lie in the far west region of New South Wales Australia near the town of Menindee. The Menindee Lakes Water Storage Scheme supplies water to Broken Hill the lower Darling and to water users along the Murray River in New South Wales Victoria and South Australia under the Murray-Darling Basin Agreement.
 The Șanta River is a tributary of the Şteaza river in Romania.
 Gravdalsknappen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Trolltunga is a piece of rock hanging horizontally out of a mountain about 700 meters above the Ringedalsvatnet in Skjeggedal close to Tyssedal by the Sørfjorden of the Hardanger Fjord in the municipality of Odda Norway. The name translated to English is The Troll's tongue.
 The Curlew Valley is a 23-mile (37 km) long valley located in north Utah on the northern border of the Great Salt Lake.Located in northeast Box Elder County the southwest of the valley abuts the Locomotive Springs Wildlife Management Area and an extensive salt flat on the edge of the Great Salt Lake.
 The Phlegraean Fields (Italian: Campi Flegrei; from Greek φλέγω to burn)[citation needed] are a large volcanic area situated to the west of Naples Italy. It was declared a regional park in 2003. Lying mostly underwater the area of the caldera comprises 24 craters and volcanic edifices. Hydrothermal activity can be observed at Lucrino Agnano and the town of Pozzuoli.
 Tronfjellet or just Tron (official form on maps: Tronden) is a prominent mountain close to Alvdal Hedmark Norway. It lies on the border to Tynset. There is a toll road to the summit open in the summer built while installing a broadcasting antenna in the 1960s being Norway's second highest road.The Indian philosopher Swami Sri Ananda Acharya lived on the mountain for large periods of his life.
 The Roaring Lion River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows southeast from its source in the Tasman Mountains to the east of Mount Domett gradually turning southwest before reaching the Karamea River 25 kilometres east of Karamea. The river's entire length is within Kahurangi National Park.
 The Balmez River or Balmoș River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The La Leona River is a river of Patagonia Argentina. It flows in the eastern part of the Los Glaciares National Park. It has its origin to the south of Lake Viedma and winds for about 50 kilometers (30 miles) through the Andes before flowing into Lake Argentino.
 The Iide Mountains (飯豊連峰 Iide-renpō) or Iide Mountain district (飯豊山地 Iide-sanchi) is a mountain range that spans over the Fukushima Niigata and Yamagata prefectures in Japan. Its highest peak is Mount Dainichi (大日岳 Dainichi-dake) at 2128m and the main peak of the range is Mount Iide at 2105m above sea level. The range contains a number of peaks higher than 2000m and is a part of the Bandai-Asahi National Park.
 The Râul Țigăncii River is a tributary of the Râul Satului in Romania.
 The Sierra Prieta is a 14-mi (23 km) long mountain range in central-northwest Arizona.
 The Râpaș River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Quillayute River (also spelled Quileute River) is a river situated on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington. It empties to the Pacific Ocean at La Push Washington. The Quillayute River is formed by the confluence of the Bogachiel River Calawah and the Sol Duc River.
 Cirque Peak is a peak located directly west of Dolomite Pass in Banff National Park Alberta Canada.
 The Uru River (Maranhão) is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Sierra de Lema is a mountainous upland area of Bolívar state Venezuela. Lying north of the Gran Sabana it marks the divide between the drainage basins of the Caroní and Cuyuni Rivers. It is partly within the bounds of Canaima National Park and encompasses a number of prominent tepuis including the entire Los Testigos chain and Ptari Massif. The elevational range of the Sierra de Lema is around 150–1650 metres (490–5410 ft) above sea level.
 Llwyn-on Reservoir is the largest and southernmost of the three reservoirs in the Taff Fawr valley in South Wales. It is owned by Welsh Water. It is located in the Brecon Beacons National Park. The eastern half is in the Merthyr Tydfil unitary authority area and the western half is in the Rhondda Cynon Taff unitary authority area. The reservoir is within the historic county boundaries of Breconshire.
 The Peralta Hills are a ridge of hills in northeastern Orange County California. The ridge technically begins with Burruel Point (685 feet) in the city of Orange close to where Nohl Ranch Road meets the Costa Mesa Freeway (SR 55) although there are hills to the west of Burruel Point extending into the vast alluvial plain of the Los Angeles Basin to the community of Olive California ending roughly at the intersection of Orange-Olive Road and Lincoln Avenue.
 Mount Betarim is one of the peaks of Mount Dov (known also as Jabal Ross). According to one Jewish tradition this is the site of The covenant of the pieces between Abraham and God. According to Muslim tradition this is the site in which an event occurred which is described in the Qur'an where God commanded Abraham to sacrifice four species of birds and afterwards resurrected them.
 Lac la Biche /ˌlæk lə ˈbɪʃ/ is a large lake in north-central Alberta Canada. It is located along the Northern Woods and Water Route 95 km east of Athabasca.Lac la Biche has a total area of 236 km2 (91 sq mi) including 3.2 km2 (1.2 sq mi) islands area. Owl River flows into the lake and its waters are drained through the La Biche River and into the Athabasca River placing it in the basin that flows to the Arctic Ocean.
 Mount Mimuro (三室山 Mimuro-yama) is a mountain on the border of Shisō Hyōgo Prefecture and Wakasa Tottori Prefecture Japan. The height is 1358.0 m (4455 ft) and this mountains is the second highest mountain in Hyōgo Prefecture after Mount Hyōno.
 The Pârâul Șerpuit is a tributary of the Maja River in Romania.
 The La Plata Mountains are a small subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the southwestern part of Colorado United States. They are located on the border between Montezuma and La Plata counties about 12 miles (19 km) northwest of Durango. Their name is Spanish for silver.The peaks of the range are easily visible from U.S. Route 160 which skirts the range on the south. The La Plata River and the Mancos River have their headwaters in the range.
 Bennier Graben is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Seaca River is a tributary of the Ismar River in Romania.
 Humboldt Peak elevation 14070 ft (4290 m) is a summit in the Sangre de Cristo Range of southern Colorado. The peak is in the San Isabel National Forest southwest of Westcliffe. It is the least challenging climb of the Crestone group of fourteeners which include Crestone Peak Crestone Needle and Kit Carson Peak.
 The Valea Calului River is a tributary of the Fiad River in Romania.
 The Amaradia River or Amaradia Pietroasă River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania
 Nagmati River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Bharapar village. Its basin has a maximum length of 50 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 135 km2.
 Ash Mountain is a mountain located in Park County Montana USA.
 Entenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Nantai (男体山 Nantai-san) literally manly mountain also called Futara-san (二荒山) is a stratovolcano in the Nikkō National Park in central Honshū the main island of Japan. It stands at 2486 m high. A prominent landmark it can be seen on clear days from as far as the Pacific coast 100 km away.
 The Powder River is a tributary of the Snake River approximately 153 miles (246 km) long in northeast Oregon in the United States. It drains an area of the Columbia Plateau on the eastern side of the Blue Mountains. It is almost entirely contained within Baker County but includes a portion of Union County.
 The Vâlsan River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.The Vâlsan River originates in the Făgăraş mountains where its source is a trough-shaped glacial hollow located between the Picuiata and Scărişoara Mare mountains. The river flows for a mere 84.6 kilometers. Its course runs parallel to the Argeş River. The Vâlsan River's mouth is located at Merişani.In 1967 the Vâlsan's course was altered significantly by the construction of a reservoir and a hydroelectric plant.
 The Eagle River is a stream 40 miles (64 km) long in the Municipality of Anchorage in the U.S. state of Alaska. Heading at Eagle Glacier in Chugach State Park it flows northwest into Eagle Bay on the Knik Arm of Cook Inlet 9 miles (14 km) northeast of downtown Anchorage.
 Ferchensee is a lake in Oberbayern Bavaria Germany located at an elevation of 1060 metres.
 Kelimutu ([kəliˈmutu]) is a volcano close to the small town of Moni in central Flores island in Indonesia. The volcano is around 50km to the east of Ende Indonesia the capital of Ende regency in East Nusa Tenggara province.
 The Da Faca River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Mondsee (Moon Lake) is a lake in the Upper Austrian part of the Salzkammergut and neighbour to the larger Attersee. Its southwestern shore marks the border between the states of Upper Austria and Salzburg and also between the Northern Limestone Alps in the South and the Sandstone zone of the Northern Alps. The Drachenwand (Dragonwall) at the southern shore of the lake is an impressive sight. Mondsee is one of Austria's last privately owned lakes.
 The Das Cobras River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Burla River in Romania.
 The Butea River is a tributary of the Daicița River in Romania.
 Kharaa River is a river of Mongolia.
 Sülze (Werra) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Tămașul River or Valea Tămașului River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 The Râmna River is a tributary of the Belareca River in Romania.
 Bok is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. To the southeast is the crater Sniadecki; to the north is McKellar and further to the west is De Vries.The rim of Bok is well-defined and is not significantly eroded. The inner walls slope gently down to the nearly level interior floor which has a central peak near the midpoint. There is a slight inward bulge along the northwest wall.
 Salzach (Saalbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Ogden Canyon is a canyon near Ogden Utah United States.
 Gamsgrat is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps close to the town of Malbun with a height of 2246 metres (7369 ft).
 El Totumo Mud Volcano (Spanish: Volcán de Lodo El Totumo) is a mud volcano located in northern Colombia in the municipality of Santa Catalina. A local tourist destination popular for its alleged healing mud-bath it receives most of its visitors from nearby Cartagena.
 The Lanca Birda River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania. The river was channelized downstream of Ghilad and at present plays the role of drainage canal of the Timiş River left bank embankment.
 Blue Mountain Peak is the highest mountain in Jamaica at 2256 metres (7402 ft). It is the home of Blue Mountain coffee and their famous tours. Blue Mountain Peak is one of the highest peaks in the Caribbean. It is located on the border of the Portland and Saint Thomas parishes of Jamaica.The Blue Mountains are considered by many to be a hiker's and camper's paradise.
 Ethel Lake is a lake in Alberta. It is located west of Cold Lake.
 The Morgan River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally west from the small Lake Morgan high in the Kaimata Range of the Southern Alps reaching the Crooked River 18 kilometres from the latters outflow into Lake Brunner.
 The Blanco River is a river of Chile. It originates close to Cerro Altar and flows generally northward for 15 km (9.3 mi) until it joins the Juncal River at an altitude of approximately 1430 m (4690 ft) forming the Aconcagua River. The mouth of the river is located close to Chile Route 60.Los Leones River is the main tributary of the river. The inferior course of the Blanco River is adjacent to Río Blanco National Reserve.
 Pyramid Mountain is a mountain in Jasper National Park Alberta Canada named for its pyramid-like shape. James Hector named the mountain in 1859 due to its appearance from the Athabasca River valley on the eastern side of the peak.Part of the Victoria Cross Ranges in the Athabasca River Valley the mountain is in the major headwater for the Athabasca River. The peak is just under 10 km (6 mi) north-west of the town of Jasper.The mountain is a relatively easy scramble on the eastern slopes.
 Boesmans River (Afrikaans: Boesmansrivier) is a river in the Eastern Cape South Africa. It originates north of Kirkwood and runs east past Alicedale before it turns and twists south and east to Kenton on Sea where it mouths into the Indian Ocean through a tidal estuary only 1.7 km to the SW of the mouth of the Kariega River.
 Thelenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lamentation Mountain or Mount Lamentation 720 feet (220 m) is a traprock mountain located 2.5 miles (4.0 km) north of Meriden Connecticut. It is part of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border. Lamentation Mountain is known for its scenic vistas extensive cliff faces unique microclimate ecosystems and rare plant communities.
 For the lunar crater see Cassini (lunar crater). For other things named Cassini see Cassini (disambiguation).Cassini is a crater on Mars named in honour of the Italian astronomer Giovanni Cassini.The crater is approximately 415 km in diameter and can be found at 327.9°W and 23.8°N. It is in the Arabia quadrangle of Mars.Recent research leads scientists to believe that some of the craters in Arabia may have held huge lakes.
 The Recele River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
 Burgstein (Dollnstein) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Valea Cășăriei River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Gornalunga is an 81-kilometre-long (50 mi) river located in central-eastern Sicily.The river springs from Monte Rossomanno on the Erean Mountains in the province of Enna. After flowing through the plain of Catania the river becomes an affluent of the Simeto river just few miles before reaching the Mediterranean coast.Along its course the Gornalunga forms the artificial lake Lago di Ogliastro and touches three provinces Enna Catania and Syracuse.
 Asclepi is a heavily worn lunar crater that lies in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon. The outer rim has been worn down and rounded by many millions of years of subsequent impacts so that it is now nearly level with the surrounding terrain. As a result the crater is now little more than a depression in the surface. The interior is nearly flat and relatively featureless.The rim of Asclepi is marked only by a small crater across the western rim and several tiny craterlets.
 Stewart is a small lunar impact crater that lies to the northeast of the Mare Spumans a small lunar mare near the eastern limb of the Moon. It is located to the north of the crater Pomortsev and to the southwest of the lava-flooded Dubyago. Stewart was previously designated Dubyago Q before being named by the IAU. This is a circular crater with a low outer rim and a level featureless interior floor.
 The Pârâul Pietros is a tributary of the Araci River in Romania.
 The Dunstan River is a 6.0-mile-long (9.7 km) river in the town of Scarborough in Cumberland County Maine. Its lower portion flows through salt marshes and it is a tributary of the tidal Scarborough River.
 The Lukushi River is a tributary of the Luvua River.It runs from south to north through the Malemba-Nkulu Territory of Haut-Lomami District and the Manono Territory of Tanganyika District passing the twin tin-mining towns of Kitotolo and Manono shortly before entering the Luvua.In the early 1800s King Kumwimbe of the Luba Kingdom created a client state that united the Hemba villages of the Lukushi River valley and that played an important role in preserving Luba dominance over other small states in the region.In 1932 Geomines was building a reservoir on the Lukushi River to contain 10000000 cubic metres (350000000 cu ft) of water to support tin mining operations at Manono. 
 Wurzacher Ach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Wild Rice River is a tributary of the Red River of the North approximately 251 miles (404 km) long in southeastern North Dakota in the United States. Via the Red River Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the watershed of Hudson Bay. The Wild Rice River drains an area of 2233 square miles (5780 km2) in the Red River Valley region. Its tributaries also drain a small part of northeastern South Dakota.
 The Gârlențu River or Cârlionțu River is a tributary of the Valea Padeșului River in Romania.
 The Grauspitz (Vorder Grauspitze or Vorder Grauspitz on some maps) is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps located on the border between Liechtenstein and Switzerland. With an elevation of 2599 metres above sea level the Grauspitz is the highest mountain in Liechtenstein. It is also the highest summit of the Rätikon range west of the Schesaplana massif.
 The Río Limón is a river of Puerto Rico. It flows into Lago Dos Bocas a reservoir.
 Gader Valley (Slovak: Gaderská dolina) is a long valley in the Greater Fatra Range in Central Slovakia. It is accessible from the village of Blatnica. The valley is the gateway to the peaks of Tlstá and Ostrá. Its upper part from the merger with the Selenec Valley is named Dedošová.
 Scald Law the highest of the Pentland Hills is a hill 1.5 km north-west of Penicuik Scotland. The hill is composed of Devonian volcanic rock. The origin of the name is uncertain. Some sources say it derives from the Scots Language word scawed meaning bare while another claims it derives from scaldberry an old name for blackberry.
 Latukan volcano is a potentially active stratovolcano in the centre of a chain of young E-W-trending stratovolcanoes in NW Mindanao SE of Lake Lanao province of Lanao del Sur island of Mindanao in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao.
 The New River part of the Ohio River watershed is a tributary of the Kanawha River about 320 mi (515 km) long. The river flows through the U.S. states of North Carolina Virginia and West Virginia.
 The Cireșu River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Hury Reservoir is a reservoir in County Durham England situated in a dale called Baldersdale. The reservoir is located about four miles south of Middleton-in-Teesdale and about three miles west of Cotherstone. It supplies water for Teesdale and is owned by Northumbrian Water. It gets its name from the nearby village of Hury. It is almost adjoined to Blackton Reservoir to the immediate west.
 The Omineca Mountains also known as the Ominecas are a group of remote mountain ranges in north-central British Columbia Canada. They are bounded by the Finlay River on the north the Rocky Mountain Trench (here filled by Lake Williston) on the east the Nation Lakes on the south and the upper reaches of the Omineca River on the west. The lower course of the Omineca River flows through the heart of the range.
 Canoe Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada about 12.5 kilometres (7.8 mi) northeast of Terrace Bay. The lake has a number of unnamed tributaries and exits via the west branch of Fishnet Creek into Jackfish Lake and thence by a short channel into Lake Superior. It is 700 metres (2297 ft) long and 500 metres (1640 ft) wide. Highway 17 travels along the north shore of the lake.
 The Huddersfield Narrow Canal is an inland waterway in Northern England. It runs just under 20 miles (32 km) from Lock 1E at the rear of the University of Huddersfield campus near Aspley Basin at Huddersfield to the junction with the Ashton Canal at Whitelands Basin in Ashton-under-Lyne. It crosses the Pennines by means of 74 locks and the Standedge Tunnel.
 The South River is a 63.5-mile-long (102.2 km) tributary of the Ocmulgee River in the U.S. state of Georgia. It originates in the city of East Point in Fulton County and eventually flows into Lake Jackson joining the Yellow River and the Alcovy River to form the Ocmulgee.
 Mount Conner also known as Attila and Artilla and occasionally found as Mount Connor is an Australian mountain located in the southwest corner of the Northern Territory 75 kilometres (47 mi) southeast of Lake Amadeus at the border of the vast Curtin Springs cattle station.
 Mount Hokuchin (北鎮岳 Hokuchin-dake) is a lava dome located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaido Japan.
 Powell Butte is an extinct volcanic cinder cone butte in Portland Oregon United States. It is one of four such cones (the others being Rocky Butte Kelly Butte and Mount Tabor) inside the city that are home to a city park and is part of the Boring Lava Field an area of extinct volcanoes. Powell Butte hosts the Powell Butte Nature Park.
 Mount Tambora (or Tamboro) is an active stratovolcano on the island of Sumbawa Indonesia. Sumbawa is flanked both to the north and south by oceanic crust and Tambora was formed by the active subduction zone beneath it. This raised Mount Tambora as high as 4300 m (14100 ft) making it in the 18th century one of the tallest peaks in the Indonesian archipelago.
 Laguna de Ayarza is a crater lake in Guatemala. The lake is a caldera that was created some 20000 years ago by a catastrophic eruption that destroyed a twinned volcano and blanketed the entire region with a layer of pumice. The lake has a surface area of 14 km² and a maximum depth of 230 m.The lake has a surface elevation of 1409 m.
 The Te Putaaraukai River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows north to reach the Rangaunu Harbour to the northeast of Awanui.
 The Smith River is a river in the U.S. states of Virginia and North Carolina. It is a tributary of the Dan River which it joins at Eden North Carolina. According to the United States Geological Survey variant names are Irvin River Irvine River and Smiths River.
 Yanaqucha (Quechua yana black very dark qucha lake lagoon black lake hispanicized spelling Yanacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Pasco Region Pasco Province Tinyahuarco District. It lies southeast of the mining town Cerro de Pasco and east of Tinyahuarco.
 The Pârâul lui Șarpe is a tributary of the Sârbi River in Romania.
 The Corbu River is a tributary of the Boia Mică River in Romania.
 The river Glems is a right tributary of the river Enz in Baden-Württemberg Germany and around 45 km (28 mi) long. The spring is located in the south-west of Stuttgart. On the way to the confluence into the Enz next to Unterriexingen (a quarter of Markgröningen) it passes the districts of Böblingen and Ludwigsburg.
 Froze-to-Death Mountain is a prominent summit among the Beartooth Mountains. It stands in Stillwater County Montana United States.
 The Taura River is a river of Ecuador. It flows into the Churute Estuary in the Gulf of Guayaquil. It gives its name to the shrimp disease Taura syndrome which was first described in shrimp farms along the river.
 The Creanga River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră river in Romania.
 The Pârâul lui Tocan or Boarneșu River is a tributary of the Petrimanu River in Romania.
 Mentiroso Lake is a lake in the Pando Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 140 m its surface area is 6.9 km².
 Parsons Peak is a mountain in Yosemite National Park and the Cathedral Range of California's Sierra Nevada. The peak located on the Madera–Tuolumne county line rises to an elevation of 12153 feet (3704 m). The mountain has a ridge extending northwest from the summit. On this ridge is a point referred to as Parsons Peak-Northwest Ridge which rises to an elevation of about 8848 feet (2697 m) and at this point the boundaries of Mariposa Tuolumne and Madera counties meet.
 Yanawaqra (Quechua yana black waqra horn black horn hispanicized spelling Yanahuaccra) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 4730 metres (15518 ft) high. It is situated in the Ayacucho Region Huanca Sancos Province on the border of the districts Lucanamarca and Sancos.
 The Niers is a river in Germany and the Netherlands right tributary to the river Meuse. Its source is near Erkelenz south of Mönchengladbach in North Rhine-Westphalia (Germany). The Niers flows through Mönchengladbach Viersen Wachtendonk Geldern and Goch before flowing into the Meuse just across the border with the Netherlands in Gennep. Its total length is 116 km - 108 km in Germany 8 km in the Netherlands.
 Goose Pond is a 625-acre (2.5 km2) water body located in Grafton County in western New Hampshire United States in the towns of Canaan and Hanover. The lake is part of the Mascoma River watershed flowing to the Connecticut River. The state record smallmouth bass for New Hampshire was caught in this lake.
 Lutter (Frieda) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Citadel Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1913 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 Goose Eye Mountain is a mountain located in Oxford County Maine about 1 mi (1.6 km). (2 km) east of the New Hampshire-Maine border. The mountain is the second-highest peak of the Mahoosuc Range of the White Mountains. Goose Eye Mtn.
 The Louge is a 100.1 km (62.2 mi) long river in southwestern France left tributary of the Garonne. Its source is in the département of Hautes-Pyrénées near Lannemezan.It flows generally north-northeast through the following départements and towns:Hautes-Pyrénées:Haute-Garonne: Le Fousseret Peyssies Lavernose-Lacasse Muret.It flows into the Garonne at Muret.
 Miche Wabun Peak (8861 feet (2701 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Miche Wabun Peak is in the northeastern section of Glacier National Park and is north of Miche Wabun Lake.
 The River Lees is a river of the Bahamas.
 Mount Usborne Spanish: Cerro Alberdi is a mountain on East Falkland. At 705 metres (2313 ft) above sea level it is the highest point in the Falkland Islands.The mountain is referenced by Charles Darwin in Chapter 9 of the Zoology of the Voyage of the Beagle and is named after Alexander Burns Usborne Master's Assistant on HMS Beagle the ship that took Darwin on his famous voyage.The remains of glacial cirques can also be seen on Mount Usborne.
 Chiñi Mayu (Quechua chiñi bat mayu river bat river hispanicized spellings Chiñimayu Chini Mayu) is a Bolivian river in the Chuquisaca Department Nor Cinti Province San Lucas Municipality and Camargo Municipality. It belongs to the Pillku Mayu river basin.Upstream in the Ocuri Canton the river is called Churki. Its direction is mainly south west. Chiñi Mayu flows along the village of the same name.
 Eungbongsan is a mountain in the city of Wonju Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1094.9 m (3592 ft).
 Gwaebangsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 450 metres.
 Lindores Loch is a freshwater loch situated in North Fife in the Parish of Abdie. The Loch has for many years been used as a fishery and is well known for its abundant fish life. A curling pond is situated on the Northern shoreline and is nominally used by the Abdie Curling Club and Abdie ladies Curling Club. A speculative study suggests that the loch was created by glacial deposits from the surrounding Ochil Hills at the end of the last ice-age.
 Pizzo Stella is a mountain of Lombardy Italy located north of Chiavenna. On its northern side it overlooks the Valle di Lei and the lake Lago di Lei.
 The Nabileque River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Haselbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Le Chamossaire is a mountain in the western Bernese Alps overlooking Villars-sur-Ollon in the canton of Vaud. The mountain is part of a ski area and its summit is easily accessible from Bretaye with the Bex–Villars–Bretaye railway.
 The Diablerets Glacier (French: Glacier des Diablerets) is a glacier situated on the summit of Les Diablerets in the Bernese Alps. It covers an area of approximatively 1 km2.The Diablerets Glacier is often confused with the nearby much larger and popular Tsanfleuron Glacier.
 Spectacle Pond is a 42-acre (170000 m2) pond in Wareham Massachusetts. The pond is located east and south of Mill Pond west of Sandy Pond and southwest of Glen Charlie Pond. A small stream connects this pond to the Agawam River.
 Monponsett Pond also called Monponsett Lake and the Twin Lakes is actually a system of two ponds West and East mostly in Halifax Massachusetts with a small portion of West Monponsett Pond extending into Hanson. The western basin is 282 acres (1.14 km2) and the eastern basin is 246 acres (1.00 km2). The average depth of both ponds is seven feet and the maximum depth is 13 feet (4.0 m).
 Upper Chandler Pond is a 10-acre (40000 m2) pond in Duxbury and Pembroke Massachusetts. The pond is located north of Lower Chandler Pond and east of West Chandler Pond. The pond is the headwaters to Pine Brook a tributary of the Jones River. The pond is hydro logically associatied with two nearby cranberry bogs. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish in the pond.
 Haughmond Hill is a small shallow hill in the English county of Shropshire. It is covered by woodland for the most part although there is an open cast quarry (for stone aggregates) in use. Its proximity to the town of Shrewsbury has meant that it has become something of a forest park with guided paths car parking and picnic areas maintained in places. The rocky summit overlooks countryside and Shrewsbury itself.
 The Tucunduba River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Swan Glaciers are in the U.S. state of Montana. Situated around Swan Peak a total of six to ten small glaciers can be found at an elevation of 8000 feet (2400 m) above sea level. The glaciers are in the remote Bob Marshall Wilderness.
 The Talna Mică River is a tributary of the Talna River in Romania.
 The Hanami River (花見川 Hanami-gawa) is a river in Yachiyo and Chiba Chiba Prefecture Japan. The river is 18.9 kilometers (11.7 mi) in length and has a drainage area of 94.5 square kilometers (36.5 sq mi). The Hanami is one part of the Inba Discharge Channel (印旛放水路 Inba Hōsuiro). The upper part of the drainage facility is designated as the Shin River.
 Jagdhausbach (Krebsbach) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Somerville is a small lunar crater in the eastern part of the Moon. It lies to the east of the prominent crater Langrenus and was designated Langrenus J before being given a name by the IAU. This is a roughly circular bowl-shaped formation with the larger but less conspicuous Langrenus H attached to the northwest rim. The rim has a protruding lip that extends slightly toward the southwest.This is one of a handful of lunar craters named after a woman Mary Somerville.
 There are three glaciers named West Fork Glacier in Alaska two of which are in the Alaska Range. The first West Fork Glacier is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier originates at Anderson Pass extending to the east and forming the source of the West Fork of the Chulitna River..
 Bonygutt Brook is a tributary of Green Brook in Union and Middlesex Counties New Jersey in the United States.Bonygutt Brook flows from the city of Plainfield to Middlesex.
 The Eifel is a low mountain range in western Germany and eastern Belgium. It occupies parts of southwestern North Rhine-Westphalia northwestern Rhineland-Palatinate and the south of the German-speaking Community of Belgium.The Eifel is part of the Rhenish Massif; within its northern portions lies the Eifel National Park.
 Lac des Rouges Truites is a lake at the village of Lac-des-Rouges-Truites in the Jura department of France.
 La Malinche mountain also known as Matlalcuéyetl Matlalcueitl or Malintzin is an inactive volcano (dormant for the last 3100 years) located in Tlaxcala and Puebla states in Mexico. Officially its summit reaches 4461 metres (14636 ft) above sea level though in some articles it is considered to be 4503 m (as measured by GPS). Its height makes it the highest peak in Tlaxcala the fifth highest in Puebla the sixth highest in Mexico and the 252nd highest in the world.
 Okulanka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Narewka.
 The Iazuri River or Iazurile River is a tributary of the Dobra River in Romania.
 Devil's Tower Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. Dorothy Garrod found a Neanderthal skull in the cave. This and together with other evidence found in this cave tells us it was used as a rock shelter by the Neanderthals of Gibraltar.
 The Iara is a small river in the Apuseni Mountains Cluj County western Romania. It is a left tributary of the river Arieş. It flows through the villages Valea Ierii Băișoara and Iara and joins the Arieș near Moldovenești. It is fed by several smaller streams including Şoimu Valea Calului Pârâul Caprei Agriș Măruț Huza Săvulești Ierța and Almășeni.
 Porur aeri (also called Retteri in local language) or Porur lake is located on the fringes of the suburb of Porur in south-west Chennai and is a primary water resource for people residing in Chennai. It is actually a temporary catchment area connected with Chembarambakkam Lake. It is spread over 200 acres with a capacity of 46 million cubic feet (mcft).There are four filters working 24x7 to pump water to K. K. Nagar double tank distribution point.
 Balvatnet (Lule Sami: Bállávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Saltdal in Nordland county Norway. The 41.46-square-kilometre (16.01 sq mi) lake is located on the border of Junkerdal National Park about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of the border with Sweden. The lake is regulated for hydroelectric power at the Daja power station 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) to the north in Sulitjelma.
 Piz Plavna Dadora is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located south of Tarasp in the canton of Graubünden. It overlooks the Val Plavna on its west side.
 The Prajiul River is a tributary of the Roşia River in Romania.
 The Lacerda de Almeida River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Michoacán–Guanajuato is a volcano field in central Mexico that takes the form of a large cinder cone field. The field also has numerous shield volcanoes and maars. The volcano is best known for its Jorullo and Paricutin Cinder Cones which erupted in 1759-1774 and 1943-1952.
 Kisimngiuqtuq Peak is a mountain in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. It is associated with the Baffin Mountains on Baffin Island. It is the tenth highest peak in Nunavut and the eleventh highest peak in Nunavut by topographic prominence.
 The Duluth Ship Canal is an artificial channel cut through Minnesota Point providing direct access to Duluth harbor from Lake Superior. Begun privately in 1871 it was put under federal supervision and maintenance several years later. It is still an important component of the harbor facilities.In its current configuration the channel is defined by a pair of breakwaters 1720 feet (520 m) long and 300 feet (91 m) apart constructed of concrete set on timber and stone cribbing.
 The Valea Plopilor River is a tributary of the Şipot River in Romania.
 Huxley is a tiny lunar impact crater located in eastern inlet of Mare Imbrium just to the north of the Montes Apenninus. To the southeast in this range is Mons Ampère. This crater was previously identified as Wallace B before being renamed by the IAU. The crater Wallace lies due west.
 The Moișa River is a tributary of the Şar River in Romania.
 The Lăpușna Mare River is a headwater of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 The Winterton River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally north from the Inland Kaikoura Range to reach the Awatere River 30 kilometres northeast of Molesworth Station.
 Loch Muick is a 2-mile long freshwater loch in Aberdeenshire Scotland. It is fed from the west by the Allt an dubh Loch which flows down from Dubh Loch. The outflow is the source of the River Muick. A hiking path around the loch exists and is accessible from a carpark at Spittal of Glen Muick at the northeastern end of the loch.
 The Valea Îndărăt River is a tributary of the Drăghiciul River in Romania.
 The Rosengartenspitze (Italian Cima Catinaccio Ladin Ciadenac) is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Mulobozi River is a stream in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo that flows through the Marungu highlands from the west into Lake Tanganyika just to the north of Moba port.The riparian forest patches along its course are in great danger of destruction from logging and from stream bank erosion by cattle. The mollusk Tomichia guillemei inhabits Mulobozi and lives on muddy river deltas in Lake Tanganyika.
 Back Rocky Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mount Maria is a mountain of the Hornby Mountains adjacent to Port Howard on West Falkland island (Falkland Islands). It reaches a height of approximately 658 metres (2160 feet).As one of the highest mountains of the Falklands it experienced some glaciation.
 Nonne is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Staufen (Hegau) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Grey Friar is a fell in the English Lake District it is one of the Coniston Fells and is situated 13 kilometres west-south-west of Ambleside. It reaches a height of 770 metres (2526 feet) and stands to the north west of the other Coniston Fells a little off the beaten track and tends to be the least visited of the group.
 Bear Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 671 along Warm Springs Creek.Bear Lake is just north of Watson Peak and west of but in a different basin from Swimm Lake.
 The Ware River is a 35.4-mile-long (57.0 km) river in central Massachusetts. It has two forks the longest of which (the east branch) begins near Hubbardston Massachusetts. The Ware River flows southwest through the middle of the state joins the Quaboag River at Three Rivers Massachusetts to form the Chicopee River on its way to the Connecticut River.The Brigham Pond Dam forming a pond of the same name first impounds the East Branch of the Ware River near Hubbardston.
 Little Mell Fell (Bare hill with the later additions of both Fell and Little) is a small fell in the English Lake District. It is an outlier of the Eastern Fells standing to the north of Ullswater and connected to other high ground by a narrow col to the south.It stands just to the east of the rather similar Great Mell Fell. Both fells are of a similar size and appearance.
 Mount Spil (Turkish: Spil Dağı) the ancient Mount Sipylus (Ancient Greek: Σίπυλος) (elevation 1513 m or 4964 ft) is a mountain rich in legends and history in Manisa Province Turkey in what used to be the heartland of the Lydians and what is now Turkey's Aegean Region. Its summit towers over the modern city of Manisa as well as over the road between İzmir and Manisa.
 The river Phalgu (also spelt Falgu ) (Hindi: फल्गु नदी) which flows past Gaya India in the Indian state of Bihar is a sacred river for Hindus.
 Riesenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Motagua River (Spanish pronunciation: [moˈtaɣwa]) is a 486 km (302 mi) long river in Guatemala. It rises in the western highlands of Guatemala where it is also called Río Grande and runs in an easterly direction to the Gulf of Honduras. The final few kilometres of the river form part of the Guatemala/Honduras border.
 Henwood Down is one of the highest points in the county of Hampshire England and in the South Downs reaching a height of 201 metres (659 ft) above sea level. Its prominence of 64 metres qualifies it as a Tump.Henwood Down rises about 1 mile west of the village of East Meon in Hampshire and around 2 kilometres northeast of Old Winchester Hill. The northern slopes are covered by mixed forest (Hen Wood) whilst the southern flanks are open.
 Lake Bryan is a power plant cooling reservoir in Brazos County 5 miles (8 km) northwest of Bryan Texas United States. The dam and lake are managed by Bryan Texas Utilities which uses the reservoir as a cooling pond for the electrical generators in the Dansby Power Plant. The reservoir was officially impounded in 1974. Lake Bryan is a popular recreational destination.
 Mount Chitose (千歳山 Chitose-yama) is a mountain located on Kuba-jima of Senkaku Islands in Ishigaki Okinawa Japan. It is the highest point of the island.
 The Dent de Vaulion is a mountain peak of the Swiss Jura overlooking the lake of Joux and Vaulion in the canton of Vaud. A small ski resort is located on its slopes. The municipality of Vallorbe is located on the mountain's foothills.
 The Cahaba River is the longest free-flowing river in Alabama and is among the most scenic and biologically diverse rivers in the United States. The Cahaba River is a major tributary of the Alabama River and part of the larger Mobile River basin. With headwaters near Birmingham the Cahaba meanders to the southwest then at Heiberger turns southeast and joins the Alabama River at the ghost town and former Alabama capital of Cahaba in Dallas County.
 Vuohijärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is located partly in Southern Savonia region and partly in Kymenlaakso region. It is quite deep lake compared with the other Finnish lakes. The ecological condition of the lake is good and the water is very clear. Even there are quite many islands there are also quite much open water 	especially in Isoselkä open lake area.
 The Anchor River is a stream on the Kenai Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning near Bald Mountain on the eastern side of the lower peninsula if flows generally west for 30 miles (48 km) into Cook Inlet near Anchor Point on the western side of the peninsula. The river mouth is 14 miles (23 km) northwest of Homer.The middle reaches of the river pass through the Anchor River and Fritz Creek Critical Habitat Area meant to protect fish and wildlife especially moose.
 The Tequila Volcano or Volcán de Tequila is a volcano located near Tequila Jalisco in Mexico.This volcano is not dangerous to its nearby communities which are famous for producing the alcoholic beverage tequila. The volcano rises to a height of 2920 meters (9580 feet) above sea level. This volcano is a stratovolcano or composite volcano. The Tequila Volcano last erupted 200000 years ago.
 The Gâlgoiu River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Órbigo River is a river in the provinces of León and Zamora Spain. It begins at the convergence of the Luna River and the Omaña River in the town of Secarejo in the Cimanes del Tejar municipality. Decades ago that confluence was some km. defore in the town of Santiago del Molinillo. It flows from north to south through the province of León and ultimately flows into the Esla River below Benavente.How the river came to have this name is not known.
 Lake Tōya (洞爺湖 Tōya-ko) is a volcanic caldera lake in Shikotsu-Toya National Park Abuta District Hokkaidō Japan. It is a part of Toya Caldera and Usu Volcano Global Geopark which joins in Global Geoparks Network. The stratovolcano of Mount Usu lies on the southern rim of the caldera. The lake is nearly circular being 10 kilometers in diameter from east-west and 9 kilometers from North-South. The lake's biggest town Tōyako Onsen (洞爺湖温泉) is located on its western shore.
 Williams Cone is a satellite cone of Mount Edziza located 36 kilometers east of Telegraph Creek. It lies just off the northern edge of the Tencho Icefield and is one of the many postglacial cinder cones that lie on the Mount Edziza volcanic complex. Williams Cone last erupted about 1350 years ago along with other nearby volcanoes such as the well-preserved Eve Cone.
 The Sfânta Ana River is a tributary of the Peleş River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Valea cu Brazi River or Valea lui Carp River
 The Paltinu River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 Ridnitsohkka (Finnish: Ridnitšohkka Northern Sami: Ritničohkka) is the second-highest point in Finland though it is the highest mountain with its peak within Finland. The eastern face is steep while the western side is mild. While somewhat popular destination among off-piste skiers the remoteness (50 km or 31 mi from the nearest settlement) of this mountain makes it very isolated.
 Lake Lovozero (Kildin Sami: Луяввьр Skolt Sami: Luujäuˊrr Russian: Ловозеро Northern Sami: Lujávri Finnish: Luujärvi) is located on the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast within the Barents Sea basin and ensures runoff from the Voronya River. Area: 200 km² average depth is 5.7 metres maximal 35 m. Annual fluctuations do not exceed 1 m and the average period of water renewal is about 10 months. The lake has a winding coastline and many peninsulas and islands.
 Pütter See is a lake in the Vorpommern-Rügen district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 13 m its surface area is 0.052 km².
 Gakhwasan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1177 metres.
 The Old Dad Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County California.The range is named for Joseph Old Dad Wallace a rail worker turned prospector from nearby Kelso. Accused of the murder of his fiancee he left town and supported himself through mining the mountain range with his team of donkeys.
 The Zinal Glacier (French: Glacier de Zinal) is a 7 km (4.3 mi) long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 15.4 km2 (5.9 sq mi). The glacier gives birth to the Navissence River which runs through a cave.
 Lone Pine Peak is located on the east side of the Sierra Nevada mountain range just west of the town of Lone Pine California in Inyo County in eastern California in the southwestern United States. The summit marks the eastern boundary of the John Muir Wilderness in the Inyo National Forest.
 The Moju River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Dagia is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 6.7 kilometres and has a basin area of 14.4 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 The Drăgan River is a tributary of the Pecineaga River in Romania.
 The Mușchiu River is a tributary of the Ialomicioara River in Romania.
 The Bistrişoara River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 The Little River is a 7.0-mile-long (11.3 km) tributary of the Ossipee River in the U.S. state of Maine. Via the Ossipee River it is part of the Saco River watershed flowing to the Atlantic Ocean. The Little River flows entirely within the town of Cornish.
 The Dobra River is a tributary of the Sibişel river in Romania.
 Quidi Vidi Lake is a mile long body of water located at the east end of the city of St. John's Newfoundland Canada. The lake has a long history of hosting sporting events with the most renowned being the annual Royal St. John's Regatta said to be the oldest continuous sporting event still held in North America. The former Pepperrell Air Force Base (now called CFS St.
 The Valea Păstăilor River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 The name Rea Brook can refer to either of two brooks (a local term for a small river) in Shropshire England. One of the brooks which eventually becomes the River Rea is in southern Shropshire. It is to the east of Brown Clee Hill.The other is a minor river that begins at Marton Pool near the Wales-England border.
 The Derna River is a tributary of the Valea Fânețelor in Romania.
 Grunnelbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Gilbert Hill is a 200 ft (61 m) monolith column of black basalt rock at Andheri in Mumbai India. The rock has a sheer vertical face and was formed when molten lava was squeezed out of the Earth's clefts during the Mesozoic Era about 66 million years ago. During that era molten lava had spread around most of the Indian states of Maharashtra Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh covering an area of 50000 square kilometres (19000 sq mi).
 Mount Babel is the highest peak of the René-Levasseur Island at 952 m (3123 ft) above sea-level which is 590 m (1936 ft) above the Manicouagan Reservoir level. It lies within the Louis-Babel Ecological Reserve in Quebec Canada.
 The Erythropotamos (Greek: Ερυθροπόταμος meaning red river) or Luda reka (Bulgarian: Луда река meaning mad river) is a river in southern Bulgaria (Haskovo Province) and northeastern Greece (Evros regional unit). Its Turkish name was Küzüldeli Su. Its source is near Mega Dereio. It flows into the Maritsa (Evros) near Didymoteicho.The source of the river is in the eastern Rhodope Mountains in the western Evros regional unit Greece near the village Mikro Dereio.
 The Eilumer Horn at 323.3 m above sea level is the highest point in the Elm a ridge in the north German state of Lower Saxony. Although many maps suggest the Drachenberg is the highest hill in the Elm the latter only reaches a height of 314 metres according to the State Survey Office of Lower Saxony (Landesvermessungsamt Niedersachsen).
 Bobonawan River is a river in eastern central Bukidnon in Mindanao Philippines. It is a tributary of the Pulangi River.
 The Shark River is a river in eastern New Jersey that rises in eastern Monmouth County and flows southeast for 11.7 miles (18.8 km) continuing through Neptune Township and Wall Township. The river continues towards the Shark River Inlet an estuary that feeds into the Atlantic Ocean between Belmar and Avon-by-the-Sea.
 Black Mountain South Top is a top of Black Mountain in the Black Mountains (not to be confused with the Black Mountain range of hills). It is a top which falls exactly on the Welsh-English border straddling Powys and Herefordshire. The Offa's Dyke Path passes over the summit.The top is an undistinguished heathery bump on Hatterall Ridge. The summit is marked by a small pile of stones.
 Gwydir River /ɡhwˈdˈər/ a major inland perennial river of the Barwon catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands North West Slopes and Orana districts of New South Wales Australia.The river rises at the junction of the Rocky River and Boorolong Creek at Yarrowyck northwest of Uralla and flows generally northwest and west joined by over thirty-four tributaries including the Horton and Mehi rivers before reaching its confluence with the Barwon River north east of Collarenebri; descending 616 metres (2021 ft) over its 488 kilometres (303 mi) course.The flow of the river is impounded by Copeton Dam with storage used for town water supply stock domestic use and irrigation. 
 Westerbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Adiri is a large bright albedo feature on Saturn's moon Titan. It is named after the paradise in Melanesian mythology. It is located to the west of the large dark region of Shangri-la.Adiri is a region of high ground and appears to be riddled with drainage channels. The Huygens probe landed on a plain just off the northwest 'coast' of Adiri in 2005.
 Yuruaní-tepui also known by the Pemón name Iwalkarima Iwalecalima or Iwarkárima is a tepui of the Eastern Tepuis chain on the border between Guyana and Venezuela.
 Lac du Lanoux or Estany de Lanós is the biggest lake in the Pyrénées.It is located in the Pyrénées-Orientales France.
 Piz Tremoggia is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies between the Val Fex (Graubünden) and the Val Malenco (Lombardy).
 The Northwest Yeocomico River is a 1.7-mile-long (2.7 km) tidal tributary of the Yeocomico River in the U.S. state of Virginia. The Yeocomico River system is a tidal branch of the Potomac River.
 Rahlau is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 Chilka Lake (Chilika Lake) (ଚିଲିକା ହ୍ରଦ) is a brackish water lagoon spread over the Puri Khurda and Ganjam districts of Odisha state on the east coast of India at the mouth of the Daya River flowing into the Bay of Bengal covering an area of over 1100 km2. It is the largest coastal lagoon in India and the second largest lagoon in the World.It is the largest wintering ground for migratory birds on the Indian sub-continent.
 Cambridge Gulf (14°54′S 128°14′E) is a gulf on the north coast of Western Australia.Many rivers flow into the gulf including the Ord River Pentecost River Durack River King River and the Forrest River.The gulf experiences two large tidal flows each day between 7 metres (23 ft) to 9 metres (30 ft)The town of Wyndham the area's principal port lies on its eastern bank at the lower part of the gulf and is approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) by road west-north-west of Kununurra.
 Geommasan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1017 metres.
 The Machángara River is a river of Ecuador.
 The Red Mulde (German: Rote Mulde) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Ogașu Tătarului is a tributary of the Ogașu Baranului in Romania.
 The Graham River is a river in the Marlborough Region of New Zealand. It arises to the south-east of Mount McCormick and flows north then west then north again and into Whatamango Bay on the south side of Queen Charlotte Sound.Part of the river valley was subdivided into residential sections in the 1950s. Some of the sections were built on in 2000.
 Winter Hill is a hill on the border of the boroughs of Chorley Blackburn with Darwen and Bolton in North West England. It is located on Rivington Moor Chorley and is 456 metres (1496 ft) high. Part of the West Pennine Moors it is a popular walking area and has been the setting for mining activity aeroplane disasters and murders.Its prominent position made it the ideal site for the Winter Hill TV Mast transmitting to a large part of North West England.
 Eikesdalsvatnet is a lake in Nesset Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The lake is long and narrow roughly 18 kilometres (11 mi) in length and it is the largest lake in Møre og Romsdal county. The village of Eikesdalen is located at the southern end of the lake.Its main inflows are the river Aura flowing northwest from the lake Aursjøen and the river Mardøla with the famous waterfall Mardalsfossen. The lake flows out through the River Eira which flows into the Eresfjorden.
 The Sabinas River is a river of Mexico. It is a tributary of the Rio Salado which in turn flows into the Rio Grande.
 Mount Banks is a mountain in the Blue Mountains National Park New South Wales Australia. It is located approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) west of Sydney and 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) from the nearest residential area Mount Tomah. Mount Banks has an elevation of 1049 metres (3442 ft) AMSL and can be accessed relatively easily via the Bells Line of Road.
 The Tapia River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Hayford Peak elevation 9924 feet (3025 m) is a mountain in the Sheep Range in the US state of Nevada. It is an ultra-prominent peak one of five such peaks in Nevada with a prominence of 5392 feet (1643 m). The nearest taller mountain is Mount Charleston 34 miles (55 km) to the southwest. In the winter months there is snow on the peak which usually lasts until early spring.
 Noodasjärv is a lake in Estonia's Voru County.
 The Marcșa River is a tributary of the Talna River in Romania.
 The Romoș River or Romoșel River (Hungarian: Romosz Romosz-patak) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Vâlceaua Pietrei River is a tributary of the Provița River in Romania.
 Unaksan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its area extends across the county of Gapyeong and the city Pocheon. It has an elevation of 935.5 m (3069 ft).
 Tower Mountain 2193 feet (668 m) is a prominent peak in the Taconic Mountains of western Massachusetts. The mountain is located in Pittsfield State Forest and is traversed by the 35 mi (56 km) Taconic Crest hiking trail and the 12.1 mi (19.5 km) multi-use Taconic Skyline Trail. The summit is partially open with views to the west; the slopes are wooded with northern hardwood tree species.
 The Furu River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 Par River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Bhervi village. Its basin has a maximum length of 51 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 907 km2.
 The Buldușor River is a tributary of the Valea Satului River (Crișul Repede) in Romania
 The Nure (Latin Nura) is a small river in northern Italy (province of Piacenza). It has its source on the northern slopes of Mt. Nero (1754 m.
 The Pârâul Adânc is a tributary of the Pârâul Şarpelui in Romania.
 The Wolf River is a river in northern Fiordland New Zealand. It rises near Mount Sutherland and flows westward to Madagascar Beach between Martins Bay and Milford Sound.
 Würschnitz is a river of Saxony Germany. At its confluence with the Zwonitz in the southern suburbs of Chemnitz the river Chemnitz is formed.
 Lake Waukewan is a 928-acre (3.76 km2) water body located in Belknap County in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire in the towns of Meredith and New Hampton. The town of Center Harbor occupies part of the lake's northern shoreline. Water from Lake Waukewan flows past the Mill Falls Marketplace in Meredith to Lake Winnipesaukee.
 The Trei Brazi River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mic in Romania.
 The Edward River is a river in Queensland Australia.The mouth of the Edward River is located at 14°51′1″S 141°35′26″E on the western shore of Cape York Peninsula the eastern edge of the Gulf of Carpentaria.The township of Pormpuraaw is 6.5 kilometres south-southeast of its mouth.
 The Rampart Range is a mountain range located in Douglas El Paso and Teller counties Colorado USA. It is part of the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains. The range is almost entirely public land within the Pike National Forest.Devils Head the highest peak in the range reaches 9632 ft. (2936m). It is located at N 39.260268 and W -105.1011. It is used for recreational purposes.
 Veopallan is a mountain consisting of two peaks in Jotunheimen National Park and Oppland in southern Norway. The highest reaches 1847 m (6060 ft) and the other 1824 m (5984 ft) above sea level.
 Lake Laka is located in the Czech part of the Šumava mountains. It is the highest and smallest lake in that area with a position of 1096 metres above sea level and an area of 2.7ha. The lake is a part of the so-called glacial lakes of which there are five in Czech Republic and three in Germany.
 The Plattenspitze or Plattenspitz is a mountain 2294 metres high (another source 2293 m) above the village of Obertauern and on the territory of the municipality of Tweng.
 Midway Peak is a mountain located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1918 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 Henry Crater is a large crater in the Arabia quadrangle of Mars located at 10.9° north latitude and 336.7° west longitude. It is 171 kilometres (106 mi) in diameter and was named after the brothers Paul-Pierre Henry and Mathieu-Prosper Henry both of whom were French telescope makers and astronomers.
 Claverack Creek is a 17.5-mile-long (28.2 km) tributary to Stockport Creek in Columbia County New York in the United States. Its source is in the town of Claverack at the hamlet of Mellenville and its mouth is at its confluence with Kinderhook Creek to form Stockport Creek in the town of Stockport.
 Spion Kop (Afrikaans: Spioenkop) is a mountain in the province of KwaZulu-Natal South Africa. It is located near the town of Ladysmith 27 km to the WSW and about 2.5 km to the north of the Spioenkop Dam a reservoir for the waters of the Tugela River.
 The Timbuí River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Colville Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located on the north side of Mackenzie Sound and north of Broughton Island. It has an area of 20 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 The Shelburne River is a 53 km long river in Nova Scotia Canada. It is a wilderness river and is a tributary of Mersey River. It starts in the Tobeatic Wilderness Area.The Shelburne River was designated a Canadian Heritage River in 1997.
 The Trăznetu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Göta älv is a river that drains lake Vänern into the Kattegat at the city of Gothenburg on the western coast of Sweden. It was formed at the end of the last glaciation as an outflow channel from the Baltic Ice Lake to the Atlantic Ocean and nowadays it has the largest drainage basin in Scandinavia.The Göta älv is located in Götaland with the river itself being a site of early Geatish settlement. The length is 93 km.
 Mount Wutai (Chinese: 五台山; pinyin: Wǔtái Shān; literally Five Plateau Mountain) also known as Wutai Mountain or Qingliang Shan is a Buddhist sacred site located at the headwaters of river Qingshui in the Chinese northeastern province of Shanxi surrounded by a cluster of flat-topped peaks (North South East West and Central).
 Lee is the lava-flooded remnant of a lunar crater that lies on an inlet of the Mare Humorum in the southwestern part of the Moon. To the east is the crater Vitello and just to the north is the lava-flooded crater Doppelmayer.The rim of Lee is worn and somewhat eroded with a wide gap along the northeast where lava entered and covered the floor. The interior is relatively flat and free of significant impacts. The craterlet Lee A is attached to the exterior of the southern rim of Lee.
 The Sawyer Kill or Sawyer's Kill is a 7.0-mile-long (11.3 km) tributary stream of the Hudson River in New York state. The source is at the Great Vlaie on the border of Ulster and Greene counties. The stream enters the Hudson River at Seamon Park in Malden New York just north of the village of Saugerties.Saugerties takes its name from the Dutch Saugerje's Kill or Little Sawyer's creek.
 Ibex Mountain is a young cinder cone in the Yukon Territory Canada located 33 km southwest of Whitehorse and 12 km southeast of Mount Arkell. It is in a group of basaltic cones and lava flows called Alligator Lake and is in the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province. It is believed Ibex Mountain last erupted during the Pleistocene. Ibex Mountain is at the head of the Ibex River which is southeast of Whitehorse. There is a road that runs close to Ibex Lake on the southeast side of the summit.
 Alpine Creek is a small river in San Mateo County California.It flows about 5 miles (8 km) from its source (37°18′21″N 122°11′51″W) near West Alpine Road about a mile southwest of Skyline Boulevard (CA 35) to its confluence with La Honda Creek to form San Gregorio Creek in La Honda at California State Route 84.Alpine Creek passes through Russian Ridge Open Space Preserve and Heritage Grove Redwood Preserve.
 Sgùrr a' Ghreadaidh is the highest summit on the northern half of the Black Cuillin ridge. Like the rest of the range it is composed of gabbro a rock that provides good grip for mountaineering.This is one of the harder main Black Cuillin peaks to ascend.
 The Atelchu River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Water Ranch Lake is a lake located in Water Ranch Park in Gilbert Arizona United States east of Greenfield Rd and south of Guadalupe Dr. Water Ranch is part of the Gilbert Riparian Preserve.
 The Coso Volcanic Field is located in Inyo County California at the western edge of the Basin and Range geologic province and northern region of the Mojave Desert. The Fossil Falls are part of the Coso Field created by the prehistoric Owens River. They are within the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake and northeast of Little Lake and U.S. Route 395.
 The Mislea Seacă River is a tributary of the Mislea River in Romania.
 Thila Crater is an impact crater in the Elysium quadrangle of Mars located at 18.09° N and 204.58° W. It is 5.3 km in diameter and was named after Thila Yemen.
 The Călimănel River ( Hungarian: Kelemen-patak meaning “Clement's Creek” ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Călimănelul cel Limpede and Călimănelul cel Tulbure
 Lake Beseck also known as Beseck Lake is a body of water in Middlefield Connecticut measuring a little less than 1 mile in length and a quarter mile in width. It is owned by the Department of Environmental Protection and was created in 1846 when it was dammed. The initial dam finished in 1848 was ten feet lower than the current one. The dam was raised in 1852 and in 1870 each time by five feet; it was rebuilt in 1938.
 The Quitéro River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Silvermine Mountains (Irish: Sliabh an Airgid) are a mountain range situated in North Tipperary (the foothills run into County Limerick) in Ireland.
 Grey Knotts is a fell in the English Lake District. It is situated one kilometre south of the B5289 road as it crosses the Honister Pass. It is well seen from mid-Borrowdale as it rises above Seatoller. Grey Knotts reaches a height of 697 metres (2287 feet) and is part of a ridge which ascends from the woodland behind Seatoller and continues south-west and then south for four kilometres to Great Gable.
 The Ukinrek Maars are two phreatomagmatic vents that formed on the north side of the Aleutian Range on a low area bordering the Bering Sea. The maars are 1.5 km south of Becharof Lake and 12 km northwest of Peulik Volcano. The western of the two is elliptical in shape and up to 170 m in diameter and 35 m deep. The east maar lies 600 m to the east and is circular and up to 300 m in diameter and 70 m deep. The east maar has a 49 m-high lava dome within the crater lake.
 Kudremukh (Kannada: ಕುದುರೆಮುಖ) also spelled Kuduremukha is a mountain range and name of a peak located in Chikkamagaluru district in Karnataka India. It is also the name of a small hill station cum mining town situated near the mountain about 48 kilometres from Karkala and around 20 kilometres from Kalasa. The name Kuduremukha literally means 'horse-face' (in the local language Kannada) and refers to a particular picturesque view of a side of the mountain that resembles a horse's face.
 The Canandaigua Outlet is a main tributary which feeds the Erie Canal and Clyde River in Wayne County New York United States. It begins at Canandaigua Lake in nearby Ontario County and travels approximately 35 miles (56 kilometers) from south to north before emptying into the Erie Canal in the village of Lyons. A number of tributaries feed the Canandaigua Outlet along its route.
 Lake Ishiba Ng'andu is a picturesque lake very close to the watershed between the Luangwa and Chambeshi River basins in the Northern Province of Zambia and just on the Chambeshi side. Its name in the Bemba language means 'lake of the royal crocodile'. Though small by central African standards being about 5 km long and up to 1.5 km wide it is widely known locally and more recently internationally.
 Rosta River (Russian: Роста) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 10 km in length. The Rosta River originates in the Lake Rogozero and flows into the Kola Bay. The Rosta District of Murmansk takes its name from the river.
 The River Sheppey has its source in a group of springs west of the village of Doulting near Shepton Mallet in Somerset England. It flows through the wetlands to the north of the Polden Hills and ultimately joins the River Brue.
 The Guggilihorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of Simplon in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range east of the Weissmies between the Laggintal and the Zwischbergental.
 The Worthington Mountains is a small 12 mile long north-south trending mountain range in northwestern Lincoln County Nevada. The range is bounded by the Sand Spring Valley to the west and Garden Valley to the east.
 The Coig River (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈkoiɣ]) is a river of Argentina.
 The Monte Lindo River is a river of Paraguay.
 Kakepuku (Kakipuku-o-kahurere) rises from the plain between the Waipa and Puniu rivers 8 km (5 mi) SW of Te Awamutu in the Waikato region of New Zealand's North Island.
 Avala (Serbian Cyrillic: Авала pronounced [âv̞ala]) is a mountain in Serbia overlooking Belgrade. It is situated in the south-eastern corner of the city and provides a great panoramic view of Belgrade Vojvodina and Šumadija as the surrounding area on all sides is mostly lowlands. It stands at 511 metres (1677 ft) above sea level which means that it enters the mountain category just by 11 meters.
 The Xavante River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Irene Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region. Nunavut Canada. It is located in Eureka Sound by western Ellesmere Island.
 The Great Morava (Serbian: Велика Морава Velika Morava pronounced [vêlikaː mɔ̌rava]) is the final section of the Morava (Cyrillic: Морава) a major river system in Serbia.
 Kammertenberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Übelsberg is a 651.3 metre high mountain in the South Harz which lies southwest of Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony. It sits astride the watershed between the Grade Lutter and the Krumme Lutter rivers. The mountain is linked via a ridge to the Aschentalshalbe in the north and the Mittelberg in the south.
 The Tawatahi River is a short river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows into the northern shore of Raglan Harbour.The headwaters are listed as worthy of preservation for their geology - New Katuku Trig / Pukewharangi Hill Oligocene fossil locality
 Lake Te Anau is in the southwestern corner of the South Island of New Zealand. Its name was originally Te Ana-au Maori for 'The cave of swirling water'. The lake covers an area of 344 km² making it the second-largest lake by surface area in New Zealand (after Lake Taupo) and the largest in the South Island. Lake Te Anau is however the largest lake in Australasia by fresh water volume.The main body of the lake runs north-south and is 65 km in length.
 The Rannasee (or Rannastausee) is an artificial freshwater lake in Austria and in Germany. The reservoir is located along the Ranna River (which forms this part of the border between the two countries) and is the largest lake in BavariaThe Rannasee was created in 1983 by damming the southeast corner (at the cost of 6.4 million Deutschmarks) both as a tourist resort and to generate hydro-electric power.
 Mount Taylor is a prominent hill with an elevation of 856 metres (2808 ft) AHD  that is located between the Woden Valley Weston Creek district and Tuggeranong Valley in Canberra within the Australian Capital Territory Australia. Mount Taylor is part of the Canberra Nature Park and is surrounded by the suburbs of Kambah Fisher Waramanga Chifley Pearce and Torrens. There are walking tracks to the peak.
 The Jed River is a river of New Zealand's South Island. It flows to the Pacific Ocean close to the town of Cheviot.
 Lake Miguel Alemán is in the Papaloapan Region of northern Oaxaca state Mexico.It was formed by the Miguel Alemán Dam and is connected by a channel to the reservoir of the Cerro de Oro Dam.The lake is scenic providing income from fishing and tourism.
 The Nodaway River is a 65.7-mile-long (105.7 km) river in southwest Iowa and northwest Missouri.
 Dachstein redirects here. For the French commune see Dachstein Bas-Rhin.Hoher Dachstein is a strongly karstic Austrian mountain and the second highest mountain in the Northern Limestone Alps. It is situated at the border of Upper Austria and Styria in central Austria and is the highest point in each of those states. Parts of the massif also lie in the state of Salzburg leading to the mountain being referred to as the Drei-Länder-Berg (three-state mountain).
 The Malheur River (local pronunciation: MAL-hyure) is a 190-mile-long (306 km) tributary of the Snake River in eastern Oregon in the United States. It drains a high desert area between the Harney Basin and the Blue Mountains and the Snake.Despite the similarity of name the river does not flow into nearby Malheur Lake which is located in the enclosed Harney Basin southwest of the watershed of the river.
 Amisk Lake is a lake located in central Alberta about 175 km (109 mi) northeast of the City of Edmonton and 15 km (9.3 mi) east of the village of Boyle.
 Loddenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mynydd y Betws is a mountain located on the border between Swansea and Carmarthenshire south Wales. It is the highest mountain in Swansea and the highest land between the River Loughor and the Upper Clydach River. A small road between Ammanford and Clydach passes very close to the summit on which are located the historic ruins of Penlle'r Castell.
 Seekopf (Seebach) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Pyramid Lake is kidney-shaped lake in Jasper National Park Alberta Canada. It lies at the foot of Pyramid Mountain a natural landmark that overlooks the town of Jasper. It has a total area of 1.2 km2 (0.46 sq mi) and discharges in Athabasca River through the 2 km (1.2 mi) long Pyramid Creek.Several picnic sites are established on the shores of the lake as well as boat ramps. Hotel accommodations are also available on the lake.
 Mount Kannon (観音岳 Kannon-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. It is named after Kannon the bodhisattva of compassion.
 The Pârâul Alb is a tributary of the Jiu river in Romania.
 The Smida River is a tributary of the Muncelu River in Romania.
 The Bolovanul River is a tributary of the Budac River in Romania.
 The San Gabriel River flows 60.6 miles (97.5 km) through southern Los Angeles County California in the United States. Its main stem is about 43 miles (69 km) long while its farthest tributaries extend almost 18 miles (29 km) altogether.
 Mount Matsuo (松尾山 Matsuo-yama) is a 687 m (2254 ft) high mountain in Sasayama Hyōgo Prefecture Japan. Another name is Mount Kosen-ji literally Mountain of Kosen-ji.
 The Hundshorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located between the valleys of Kiental and Lauterbrunnen in the Bernese Oberland. It lies just north of the Sefinen Pass and near the Schilthorn.
 Lac Belot is a lake in the Northwest Territories Canada.
 Līva (German: Lyva Lyua Libau) was a famous river in Kurzeme in today's Latvia. It was located between the Baltic Sea and Liepāja Lake and had a length of about 6 kilometres and a width near the mouth of about 50 metres. The source of the Līva was located in Liepāja Lake near the former Pērkone river. The place where the Līva fell into the Baltic Sea was located approximately at the site of today's northern harbour in Liepāja.
 The Sabina River is a river in the South West of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Whicher Range near the edge of the Millbrook State Forest and then flowing in the northerly direction.
 Pededze (Estonian: Pedetsi jõgi) is a river in Latvia and Estonia. It has the length of 159 km (99 mi) of which in Latvia 131 km and in Estonia 26 km. It flows generally south. It is a right tributary of the Aiviekste the source of Pededze is Lake Kirikumäe on the Haanja Uplands in Vastseliina Parish Võru County Estonia. The basin area of Pededze is 1690 km² (1523.3 km² in Latvia; 119 km² in Estonia) and average discharge 12.2 m³/s.
 Cormet de Roselend (el. 1967 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Savoie in France.It connects Beaufort in the Beaufortain valley and Bourg-Saint-Maurice in the Tarentaise Valley. On the west side of the pass lies the Lac de Roselend a reservoir that can be reached by the Col de Méraillet or the Col du Pré.
 Leslie Dam is located ten kilometres from Warwick Central Business District in Queensland Australia. Freshwater fishing and water sports facilities are available.The dam was named after Patrick Leslie (1815–1881) an early settler in the region and the first person to buy land in Warwick.SunWater is undertaking a dam spillway capacity upgrade program to ensure a consistently high level of safety for the dams under their control of which the Leslie is one of them.
 McCabe Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Angelo River is a river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The river rises in the hills to the western side of the Ophthalmia Range and flows in a southerly direction before veering east near Kundering Range and past the Angelo River Mine and Angelo River prospect a Uranium deposit then finally discharging into the Ashburton River of which it is a tributary.
 Doi Phi Pan Nam Thai: ดอยผีปันน้ำ is a 1745 m high mountain in Southeast Asia part of the Luang Prabang Range (ทิวเขาหลวงพระบาง).It is located at the eastern end of the Thai highlands on the international border between Laos and Thailand. The Wa River has its source beneath this mountain.
 The Xitiao River (Chinese: 西苕溪) is located in Zhejiang Province China.
 Sailaufbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Double Pipe Creek sometimes called Pipe Creek is a major tributary of the Monocacy River in Carroll County and Frederick County in Maryland located several miles north and west of Westminster. The creek is only 1.6 miles (2.6 km) long but is formed by the confluence of two much longer streams Big Pipe Creek and Little Pipe Creek.
 Pizzo Recastello is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Calvillo River is a river of Mexico.
 Tippecanoe Lake is a large glacially created lake in Kosciusko County in north-central Indiana and is the deepest natural lake in the state.
 Korvatunturi is a fell in Lapland. It is located within Urho Kekkonen National Park in the municipality of Savukoski. Its name literally means “Ear Fell” in Finnish due to its unique shape.Characterised by its thick pine forest its frozen lakes and the hundreds of thousands of reindeers that roam the land Korvatunturi stands 486 metres above sea level. It has three peaks with the middle one in-between Finland and Russia's borders.
 Upper Cramer Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. Sawtooth National Forest trail 154 leads to the lake.Upper Cramer Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Downstream of Upper Cramer Lake are Middle and Lower Cramer Lakes.
 The Voitinel River or Pietroasa River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 The Maratasã River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Hole-in-the-Ground is a large maar (explosion crater) in the Fort Rock Basin of Lake County central Oregon northeast of Crater Lake near Oregon Route 31.It is about 1600 meters (1.0 mi) across a little longer N-S than E-W. Its floor is about 150 meters (490 ft) below the surrounding ground level and has a rim that rises 35 to 65 meters (110 to 210 ft) above the highest point on the east side.
 The Bistricioara River is a tributary of the Horezu River in Romania.
 Llyn Gwynant is a lake in Snowdonia Wales. Llyn Gwynant lies on the River Glaslyn in the Nant Gwynant valley and is about 2 km north east of Llyn Dinas; the village of Bethania lies between them. Snowdon lies 3 km to the north west. The lake is natural having been formed by glacial action and is 50 hectares in size.
 Maltby Lake is located on southern Vancouver Island British Columbia. It is located 10 km North of Victoria British Columbia in the Tod Creek Watershed. The lake is the headwaters for the watershed which eventually feeds the world class Butchart Gardens.Maltby Lake is a pristine freshwater source in the middle of a semi rural developing area on the Saanich Peninsula on Vancouver Island.
 Mälaren (About this sound Swedish pronunciation ) (historically occasionally referred to as Lake Malar in English) is the third-largest lake in Sweden (after Vänern and Vättern). Its area is 1140 km² and its greatest depth is 64 m. Mälaren spans 120 kilometers from east to west. The lake drains from southwest to northeast into the Baltic Sea through the Södertälje Canal Hammarbyslussen Karl Johanslussen and Norrström.
 Muir Pass is a mountain pass in the Sierra Nevada of California United States in Kings Canyon National Park. It is named for John Muir.The pass is near the midway point of the John Muir Trail which traverses the pass. It crosses the Goddard Divide between Mount Solomons and Mount Warlow at an elevation of 11955 feet (3644 m). The Muir Hut built by the Sierra Club is at the summit of the pass.
 The Pălăoaia River is a tributary of the Muereasca River in Romania.
 The Piatra Acră River is a tributary of the Băiașu River in Romania
 Sylvan Lake is located next to the community by that name in the Town of Beekman New York United States. It is the deepest and second-largest lake in Dutchess County.It is a popular local recreation spot. Many summer camps are located along it as well as a large private campground.
 Le Moulin is the highest point in Sark and is also the highest point of the Bailiwick of Guernsey a British Crown Dependency in the English Channel off the coast of Normandy with an altitude of 114 metres (374 ft).
 The Nadelhorn (4327 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland. It is the highest point on the Nadelgrat a high-level ridge running roughly north–south above the resort of Saas-Fee to the east and the Mattertal to the west. Its three ridges join to form a sharp-pointed summit which looks like a needle (German: Nadel) when seen from the north.
 Nare River is a river of northern Colombia. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 The Barker River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rises north of Mount Matthew and then flows in a southerly direction through Barker Gorge and then discharges into the Lennard River of which it is a tributary.John Forrest named the river during a survey of the Kimberley in 1883.
 The Georgina River is the north-westernmost of the three major rivers of the Channel Country in Central West Queensland that flow in extremely wet years into Lake Eyre.
 Bahra is a river of Saxony Germany. Its source is in the eastern Ore Mountains on the Czech border. It flows into the Gottleuba a tributary of the Elbe.
 The Ager is a river in Upper Austria; it is the discharge of the Attersee by Kammer Schörfling and Seewalchen and by Lambach it flows into the Traun.The Ager emerged towards the end of the Würm glaciation when the mighty glaciers began to melt.Influx into the Ager:The Vöckla flows into the Ager by VöcklabruckThe Aurach River flows into the Ager by WankhamThe Redlbach flows into the Ager shortly before SchwanenstadtOver the Attersee the Ager also receives water from the Mondsee the Zeller See (Irrsee) and the Fuschlsee that are all connected by relatively short streams.In the postwar period the Ager was strongly polluted by various nearby factories. 
 The Brețcu River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 The Navia is a river in northern Spain flowing from Galicia into the Autonomous Community of Asturias.
 The Piva (Cyrillic: Пива pronounced [pîʋa]) is a river in Montenegro and Bosnia and Herzegovina shorter headwater of the Drina river which it forms with the Tara river on the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 The Aberdeenshire Canal was a waterway in Aberdeenshire Scotland designed by John Rennie which ran from the port of Aberdeen to Port Elphinstone Inverurie. It opened in 1805 and closed in 1854 when it was replaced by a railway which ran along the course of the canal for most of its length.
 Lago d'Origlio is a lake in the municipality of Origlio in Ticino Switzerland.
 The Delaware Water Gap is a water gap on the border of the U.S. states of New Jersey and Pennsylvania where the Delaware River cuts through a large ridge of the Appalachian Mountains. It forms the southern portion of the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area which is used primarily for recreational purposes such as rafting canoeing swimming fishing hiking and rock climbing.
 Kharkush also Khaṟkus (Persian: خر کش ‎; Mountain which attracts the sun) is a mountain of the Hindu Kush in Afghanistan. It is located in Ghazni Province.Kharkusch is one of several mountains name in the Indo-Iranian cultural area or Greater Khorasan (Persian: خراسان بزرگ ‎) (old name) with the same name especially in Persian-speaking countries such as Iran and Afghanistan.Khorasan (Persian: خراسان ‎) is written Kharasan read and pronounced by locals Khorasan.
 Barré Glacier is a channel glacier about 5 nautical miles (9 km) wide and 5 nautical miles long flowing north from the continental ice to the coast close east of Cape Pepin. It was delineated from air photos taken by U.S. Navy Operation Highjump 1946–47 and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Michel Barré leader of the French Antarctic Expedition wintering party of 1951–52 whose party extended reconnaissance of the coastal features as far west as this glacier.
 The Vermilion Range (51°30′N 115°45′W) is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies in Banff National Park Canada. The range is east of the Sawback Range and west of the Bare and Palliser Ranges.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Thierberg is a mountain located in the north and southwest of the town of Kiefersfelden and thus extends over the border between Austria and Germany and it extends up to Bavaria Germany but the most part is in Tyrol. In the not-too-high mountain the Inn Valley is located at approximately 500 meters above sea level.
 Kodyma (Ukrainian: Кодима) is a right tributary of the Southern Buh river of Ukraine. Originating from springs in a boggy valley near the village of Budei (uk:Будеї) Kodymsky Raion Odessa Oblast it flows within the Odessa Oblast and Mykolaiv Oblast and joins Southern Buh about 199 km away from its mouth near Pervomaisk Mykolaiv Oblast.
 The Cremenuța River is a headwater of the Cremenea River in Romania.
 Abyssinia Creek is a small meander in The Pilbara Western Australia. It flows through the Tambourah mining district from the Tambourah Creek.
 The Lakes of the Clouds are a set of small ponds located at the 5032 ft (1534 m) col between Mount Monroe and Mount Washington in the White Mountains of the U.S. state of New Hampshire. The lakes form the source of the Ammonoosuc River a tributary of the Connecticut River. The Lakes of the Clouds Hut a rental hut and lodge for hikers operated by the Appalachian Mountain Club is adjacent to the lakes facing west.
 Brebach (Spreeler Bach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Iwakura (岩倉山 Iwakura-yama) is a 488.4 m (1602 ft) high mountain in Takarazuka Hyōgo Prefecture Japan.
 Cabezo de Altomira is a mountain located about 4 km NE of the town of Alfamén Campo de Cariñena comarca Aragon Spain. It is an isolated hill almost denuded of vegetation that stands out in the flat landscape even though the surrounding plain is already at an average elevation of 500 metres (1640 ft).
 The Hillsborough Reservoir is the major source of drinking water for the island of Tobago. Located 36.5 metres (100 ft) above sea level the reservoir is managed by Water and Sewerage Authority of Trinidad and Tobago. It has a capacity of about 1 million m3 (225 million gallons).Construction began in 1944 and the facility was commissioned in 1952 by Governor Sir Hubert Rance.
 Lower Redwater Lake is a freshwater lake in the municipality of Temagami of Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is located near the settlement of Redwater.
 Mount Wuteve is a mountain located in Liberia whose summit is the highest point in Liberia. It is located in the Guinea Highlands range whose parent range is the West Africa Mountains. Data from the Shuttle Radar Topography Mission reveals that the correct altitude of its summit is 1440 meters and not the previously quoted 1380 meters.
 Mantapsan (or Mount Mant'ap Chosŏn'gŭl: 만탑산) is a mountain in the south of North Hamgyong Province in North Korea. The granite peak with an elevation of 2205 m (7234 ft) is part of the Hamgyong Mountains. It is located on the border between Kilju County Myŏnggan County and Orang County. Political prisoners were reportedly forced to dig tunnels into the southern side of the mountain at the nuclear test site near P'unggye-ri.
 Iliamna Lake or Lake Iliamna is a lake in southwest Alaska at the north end of the Alaska Peninsula between Kvichak Bay and Cook Inlet about 100 miles (160 km) west of Seldovia Alaska.It is the largest lake in Alaska eighth largest lake in the United States of America and one of the largest in North America covering about 2600 km² (1000 sq. miles). The lake is 77 miles (124 km) long and up to 22 miles (35 km) wide with a maximum depth of 988 feet (301 m).
 Aguilera (e. 2546 m/8353 ft.) is a stratovolcano in southern Chile which rises above the edge of the Southern Patagonian Ice Field.It is located west of Lake Argentino and northeast of Peel Fjord in the southern Andes.
 Devínska Kobyla (German: Thebener Kogel) is the highest peak in the Devín Carpathians part of the Little Carpathians mountain range and the highest point of Bratislava the capital of Slovakia. It is located between the boroughs of Devínska Nová Ves Devín and Dúbravka close to the border with Austria.
 The Cairnwell (Gaelic: An Càrn Bhailg) is a mountain in the Eastern Highlands of Scotland south of Braemar. It is often considered to be one of the most spoiled of the Munros due to the Glenshee Ski Centre which covers the eastern slope of the mountain. The Cairnwell is usually climbed from the Glen Shee ski centre which is at a height of 650 m making this probably the easiest Munro to climb. It is often climbed with Carn Aosda.
 The Ogorohii River is a tributary of the Călămari River in Romania.
 Alpspitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps to the east of Vaduz with a height of 1943 metres (6375 ft) or 1942 m.
 Fruid Water is a small reservoir in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland UK near Menzion.
 The Verpeilspitze is a mountain in the Kaunergrat group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Rivière aux Outardes or Outardes River is a river in Quebec Canada. The river originates in the Otish Mountains and flows in a southerly direction for its entire course. It passes through Lake Plétipi and Burnt Islands Lake (Îles Brûlées) and widens about midway to form the large Outardes 4 Reservoir.
 The Iordana River is a tributary of the Urmeniş River in Romania.
 The Otaio River is a river of the south Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It initially flows north from its source on the northern slopes of Mount Studholme in the Hunters Hills turning northeast to enter the southern end of the Canterbury Plains. It then turns southeast reaching the Pacific Ocean to the south of the town of St Andrews.
 The Japaratuba River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Pánuco River (Spanish: Río Pánuco) (About this sound 'panuko ) is a river in Mexico that flows from the Moctezuma River to the Gulf of Mexico. Since one of the headwaters of the Moctezuma River is the Tula River the Pánuco ultimately drains the Valley of Mexico containing Mexico City.At its source it serves as a channel for water-drainage for Mexico City. From there it becomes the state border between Hidalgo and Querétaro as it moves towards San Luis Potosí.
 The Honeycomb Hills el. 3094 feet (943 m) is a set of hills southeast of Powderville Montana in Powder River County Montana.
 North Tea Lake is a lake in the Ottawa River drainage basin in the geographic townships of Ballantyne and Wilkes in the Unorganized South Part of Nipissing District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is on the Amable du Fond River and lies in the northwest of Algonquin Provincial Park. The lake is a popular destination for canoeists.The primary inflow is the Amable du Fond River arriving from Kawawaymog Lake at the west.
 Balgyosan is a mountain that sits between the counties of Hoengseong and Hongcheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 998 m (3274 ft).
 Carrao-tepui also spelled Karrao is a tepui in Bolívar state Venezuela. It has a maximum elevation of around 2200 metres (7200 ft) and its densely forested summit plateau covers an area of 1.25 km2 (0.48 sq mi). Part of the Ptari Massif it lies just northeast of neighbouring Ptari-tepui with which it shares a common slope area of 28 km2 (11 sq mi) and north of the large ridge known as Sororopán-tepui.
 The Waterman Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert just north of Barstow in San Bernardino County California.
 The Pârâul Babei or Valea Babei River is a tributary of the Bănița River in Romania.
 Hadero Lake (Urdu: ہڈیری جھیل‎) is located in Thatta District Sindh Hudero is important brackish water wetland of Sindh where variety of waterfowl prefer to pass their time. It is at Hudero that one is more likely to see Swans Storks Crans and feeding flocks of Pelicans. It is considered one of the favourite lake of orionthologist.
 Piz Buin is a mountain in the Silvretta range of the Alps on the border between Austria and Switzerland. It forms the border between the Swiss canton of Graubünden and the Austrian state of Vorarlberg and is the highest peak in Vorarlberg. Its original name in the Romansh language is Piz Buin Grand. A similar but smaller summit nearby is called Piz Buin Pitschen at 3255 m (10680 ft).
 Blauer Stein is a basalt mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Pinul River is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 The Peloncillo Mountains of Hidalgo County (Spanish language pelo hair pelon hairless bald; peloncillo Little Baldy) is a major 35-mile (56 km) long mountain range of southwest New Mexico's Hidalgo County and also part of the New Mexico Bootheel region. The range continues to the northwest into Arizona as the Peloncillo Mountains of Cochise County Arizona. The extreme southwest corner of the range also lies in Arizona.
 The Devon Ice Cap is an ice cap on eastern Devon Island Nunavut Canada covering an area of over 12000 km2 (4600 sq mi). The highest point on Devon Island is found at the summit of the ice cap with an elevation of 1920 m (6299 ft). The ice cap has a maximum thickness of 880 m (2887 ft) and has been steadily shrinking since 1985.The first ascent of the Devon Ice Cap was by Alfred Herbert Joy and his Inuit companions in 1926.
 Vorderer Riffenkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Hofsee (Zurow) is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 49.2 m its surface area is 0.1 km².
 The La Sal Mountains or La Sal Range are a mountain range located in Grand and San Juan counties Utah along the Utah/Colorado border. The range rises above and southeast of Moab and north of the town of La Sal. This range is part of the Manti-La Sal National Forest and the southern Rocky Mountains. The maximum elevation is at Mount Peale reaching 12721 feet (3877 m) above sea level. The range contains three clusters of peaks separated by passes.
 Papaleksi is an impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies along the northeastern outskirts of the large crater Mandel'shtam. About 20 km to the north-northeast of Papaleksi is the similar crater Spencer Jones.This is a roughly circular crater with an eroded outer rim that has lost much of its original sharp definition. Much of the original structure of the rim and inner walls have been worn down but only three small craters lie along the rim edge to the southwest.
 Teufelsbach (Goldbach) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Pinnacle Peak is a part and third highest summit with elevation 22740 ft (6930 metres) of the Nun Kun mountain massif of the eastern Himalayan Range located near the Suru valley on Kargil Zanskar road 80 kilometers west of Kargil town and 290 kilometers east of Srinagar the state capital of Jammu and KashmirThe Pinnacle Peak is located north of Nun 23409 ft (7135 metres) which is the highest summit of the massif and is separated from it by a snowy plateau of 6 km in length between them rises another peak Kun 23219 ft (7077 metres).
 North Mountain is a narrow southwest-northeast trending volcanic mountain range on the mainland portion of southwestern Nova Scotia stretching from Brier Island to Cape Split.
 Sacabaya (also known as Tambo Quemado) is a pyroclastic shield in Bolivia. It is located on the Altiplano near to the Rio Lauca. The volcano is composed of ignimbrite which has formed a shield. The shield is capped by an area of vents which has many overlapping craters and is elongated in shape. At the southern end lies the youngest of the craters. This crater has a lava dome within it. The peak has fumaroles and its associated tephra deposits have been shaped into sand dunes by wind activity.
 Wizard Island is a volcanic cinder cone which forms an island at the west end of Crater Lake in Crater Lake National Park Oregon. The top of the island reaches 6933 feet (2113 m) above sea level about 755 feet (230 m) above the average surface of the lake. The cone is capped by a volcanic crater about 500 feet (150 m) wide and 100 feet (30 m) deep. The crater was named the Witches Cauldron by Will G.
 Mont Malamot (Italian: Monte Malamot; also called Pointe Droset in French) is a mountain in the northern Cottian Alps near the Mont Cenis pass. It has an elevation of 2917 metres (9570 ft).Currently entirely included in French territory it separates the valleys of Dora Riparia and Arc. At the top is a large fortification built by the Italian Regio Esercito in 1889 on two floors which could house some 200 troops.
 Lodygin is a lunar crater to the southeast of the much larger crater Galois. To the east-northeast is the crater Paschen and to the south-southwest is the immense Apollo.The outer rim of Lodygin has been heavily damaged along the western and northwestern sides which lie closest to Galois. The rim along this face has been heavily modified and is overlain by multiple smaller craters. The remainder of the rim to the east and south are worn but relatively intact.
 The Tiuleț River is a tributary of the Ismar River in Romania.
 The Valea Rece River is a tributary of the Turcu River in Romania.
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Izvorul Nistorului and Izvorul Bătrânei.
 Big lake of Buni Jezerce (Albanian: Liqeni i Madh i Buni Jezerce) is one of the largest lakes in the Prokletije found in the north of Albania. Big Lake is on an altitude of 1792 m (5879 ft) above sea level and is the largest of the 6 lakes found in the Buni Jezerce (meaning 'Valley of the Lakes') near the Montenegrian border. Many high peaks surround the lake including Maja Jezercë with a height of 2694 m (8839 ft).
 The Tumtum River is a 9-mile (14 km) tributary of the Marys River in Benton and Lincoln counties of the U.S. state of Oregon rising in the Central Oregon Coast Range west of Burnt Woods and draining into the Marys River north of Alder. The creek passes through the communities of Burnt Woods and Blodgett.The name Tumtum is a Chinook Jargon word for heart and the river was so-named because it was considered to be the heart of the valley through which it flowed.
 The Hilișoara River is a tributary of the Nădrab river in Romania.
 Dörgön Lake (Mongolian: Дөргөн нуур) is a saltwater lake in Khovd Mongolia. It is a part of the Great Lakes Depression being one of the remnants of a prehistoric lake. It has a salinity of 4%.
 The Little Whale River (French: Petite rivière de la Baleine) (Cree: Wâpamekustûss) is a river in Nunavik Quebec Canada. With an area of 15900 square kilometres (6100 sq mi) it is ranked as the 35th largest river basin in Quebec.The Cree named a segment of the Little Whale River near its mouth as Wapimakustus which is similar to what Isbister noted in 1740.
 Mushroom Peak is a mountain located in the Sunwapta River valley of Alberta Canada's Jasper National Park lying just over a kilometre east of Diadem Peak. The mountain was named in 1947 by N.E. Odell who made the first ascent (solo). Upon reaching the summit he found that the dark limestone rocks on top resembled mushrooms.
 White Stone Creek is a tributary of the Vermillion River located in the southeastern South Dakota county of Clay. It passes through the Spirit Mound Historic Prairie.
 Qian Mountains or Qianshan (Chinese: 千山; pinyin: Qiān Shān) a branch of the Changbai Mountains on the China-North Korea border start from eastern Jilin Province China and extend to eastern and southern Liaoning Province down to Liaodong Peninsula.Some of the prominent mountains are: Dahei Shan (Dalian) Huabo Shan (Benxi) - The highest peak (1336 meters (4383 ft)) Laomao Shan (Dalian) Laotie Shan (Dalian) Qian Shan (Anshan) Wunu Shan (Benxi)
 Schäferbach (Uhlenbach) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Bidasoa (Basque: [bidasoa] Spanish: [biðaˈsoa]; French: Bidassoa) is a river in the Basque Country of northern Spain and southern France that runs largely south to north.
 Peoria Lake is a section of the Illinois River between Peoria in Peoria County Illinois and East Peoria in Tazewell County Illinois. The oldest section of Peoria the largest city on the river lies at its shores.The lake is formed by a broadening of the Illinois River and was first mentioned by the Louis Joliet and Jacques Marquette expedition in 1674. Several important Native American settlements were located close to it like the main villages of the Kickapoo and Potawatomi tribes.
 McAuliffe is a small lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It lies within the inner ring of the double-ringed walled plain Apollo about one crater diameter to the northeast of the crater Resnik. To the southeast of McAuliffe lies the crater pair of Jarvis and McNair.McAuliffe is a bowl-shaped feature with a roughly circular rim. The rim edge has some wear but is not overlain by other impacts of significance.
 Qutuni (Aymara qutu heap pile -ni a suffix to indicate ownership the one with a heap hispanicized spelling Cotoni Cutuni) also called Tiklla (Quechua tiklla two-colored / eyelash hispanicized Ticcla Ticlla) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5897 metres (19347 ft) high. Strictly speaking the popular name Tiklla refers to a group of peaks of the Qutuni-Tiklla cirque.
 The Kitlope Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges located southeast of Kitlope Lake in British Columbia Canada. It is surrounded by the Tezwa and Kitlope Rivers.
 The Bhadra River is a river in Karnataka state in southern India.The Bhadra originates at Gangamoola near Kudremukha Western Ghats range and flows east across the southern part of Deccan Plateau joined by its tributaries the Somavahini near Hebbe Thadabehalla and Odirayanahalla. It flows through the towns of Kalasa Hornadu Balehonnur Balehole and NR Pura. A dam is built across the river near Lakkavalli which forms the Bhadra reservoir.
 Khokhra River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Jaru. Its basin has a maximum length of 40 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 93 km2.
 The Groapa Podului River is a tributary of the Vâlcelul Podului River in Romania.
 Bianchini is a lunar crater that lies besides the northern Jura Mountains that ring the Sinus Iridum in the northwestern part of the Moon. The impact of this crater near the edge of the Jura Mountains pushed some material into the Sinus Iridum floor.The rim of this crater is not significantly worn although there is a small crater along the inner side of the eastern rim. Within the inner wall is a somewhat irregular floor and a small cluster of ridges at the midpoint.
 Macormick Bay (alternate: McCormick Bay) is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It lies off the southwestern coast of Devon Island in the eastern high Arctic. Like Baring Bay to the north it is an arm of Wellington Channel.It is named in honor of Dr. Robert McCormick a British Royal Navy surgeon explorer and naturalist who searched nearby for the missing Sir John Franklin expedition.
 Geneva Lake is a body of freshwater in Walworth County in southeastern Wisconsin. On its shores are the city of Lake Geneva and the villages of Fontana-on-Geneva-Lake and Williams Bay.The lake covers an area of approximately 8.14 square miles (21.1 km2) has a maximum length of 7.5 miles (12 km) mean depth of 62.7 feet (19.1 m) and a maximum depth of 144 feet (44 m). Geologists believe that it is a filled-in kettle formed from a receding glacier.
 The Leda is a river in north-western Germany in the state of Lower Saxony. It is a right tributary of the Ems and originates at the confluence of the Sagter Ems and the Soeste (Dreyschloot) near the town of Barßel. The Leda flows into the Ems near the town of Leer. On the southern bank of the Leda in the Overledingen Land (Overledingen=country over the Leda) opposite Leer lies the small settlement of Kloster Muhde (Muhde from the Old Frisian mutha meaning (river) mouth).
 Mellish is a crater on Mars located in the planet's southern hemisphere at coordinates 72.9S 24.0W. It was named after John E. Mellish an American amateur astronomer from St. Charles Illinois. The crater was named after Mellish in 1994 at the request of Steven Dick at the U.S. Naval Observatory.
 The Tisa River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
 Kakwusis Lake is a lake in the Hayes River drainage basin in Census Division No. 22 - Thompson-North Central Northern Region Manitoba Canada. The lake is about 3.6 kilometres (2.2 mi) long and 1.6 kilometres (1.0 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 208 metres (682 ft). The primary inflow and outflow is the Bolton River whose waters eventually flow into Gods Lake and via the Gods River and the Hayes River into Hudson Bay.
 Fretheimsdalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Aurland in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 3.88-square-kilometre (1.50 sq mi) lake is located at an elevation of 929 metres (3048 ft) above sea level. Fretheimsdalsvatnet is located at the end of the Låvisdalen valley about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) southeast of Aurlandsvangen about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southeast of Flåm and about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) northeast of Myrdal Station.
 Connors Lake is a lake in Sawyer County Wisconsin United States. It is located in the Flambeau River State Forest. The lake covers an area of 429 acres (1.74 km2) and reaches a maximum depth of 82 ft (25 m). Fish species enzootic to Connors Lake include bluegill largemouth bass muskellunge smallmouth bass and walleye.
 The Wom Brook is a stream in South Staffordshire England. It flows through the large village of Wombourne and has played an important part in its industrial history. It is an important tributary of the River Smestow and part of the Severn catchment.
 Bernardo Glacier is one of the largest glaciers in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field.[citation needed] It is located northeast of Témpano Glacier within Bernardo O'Higgins National Park in Chile. The glacier flows westward Bernardo Fjord.
 The Ogeechee River is a 294-mile-long (473 km) blackwater river in the U.S. state of Georgia. It heads at the confluence of its North and South Forks about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) south-southwest of Crawfordville and flowing generally southeast to Ossabaw Sound about 16 miles (26 km) south of Savannah. Its largest tributary is the Canoochee River which drains approximately 1400 square miles and is the only other major river in the basin.
 Lake Ohakuri at 12 km² is the largest artificial lake of the Waikato river system in New Zealand. It forms the reservoir for the Ohakuri hydroelectric power station. Construction of the dam approved in 1955 began in 1956 and was completed in 1960. The lake was filled over 14 days in January and February 1961. This drowned two thirds of the Orakei Korako geothermal area including two of the world's largest geysers Minginui Geyser and Orakei Korako Geyser.
 Odin Planitia is a large basin on Mercury located in the Tolstoj quadrangle at 23.3° N 171.6° W. It was named after the Norse god Odin in 1976 by the IAU. A large volcanic dome 7 km in diameter and 1.4 km high is situated near the center of Odin.
 Höbecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Gruemberger is an old impact crater in the southern part of the Moon. When viewed from the Earth this crater appears oval in shape due to foreshortening but it is actually relatively circular. The crater lies about 25 kilometers to the north-northwest of the larger and more prominent crater Moretus. The smaller crater Cysatus intrudes into the eastern rim of Gruemberger.
 Outcast Hill is an isolated hill in northern British Columbia Canada located southeast of Mess Lake. It lies at the southern end of Mount Edziza Provincial Park.
 Boulder Peak (8527 feet (2599 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The remnant Boulder Glacier is situated on the northern slopes of the mountain.
 The Desaguadero River in Peru and Bolivia is the river that drains Lake Titicaca. It exits the lake at the southern part of the river basin it flows south and drains approximately five percent of the lake's flood waters into Lake Uru Uru and Lake Poopó.It is navigable only by small craft and supports indigenous communities such as the Uru Muratus.
 Lake Gunung Tujuh (Indonesian: Danau Gunung Tujuh) is a volcanic crater lake in the province of Jambi Indonesia located at 1°42′23″S 101°24′42″E within Kerinci National Park. Although a young lake in geologic terms its surrounding volcano Mount Tujuh is old and not immediately obvious as such. The name Danau Gunung Tujuh translates as Seven Mountain Lake a seeming reference to seven peaks comprising the forested rim.
 The Bloukrans River (Grahamstown) is a tributary of the Kowie River and is situated near Grahamstown in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa.
 Monte Reixa is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines.
 Pelion or Pelium (Modern Greek: Πήλιο Pílio; Ancient Greek/Katharevousa: Πήλιον. Pēlion) is a mountain at the southeastern part of Thessaly in central Greece forming a hook-like peninsula between the Pagasetic Gulf and the Aegean Sea. Its highest summit Pourianos Stavros is 1610 m amsl. The GR-38 runs in the southern portion of the peninsula and the GR-38A runs in the middle.
 Loch Leven is the name of several lakes in California USA in the Sierra Nevada.
 Buller Mountain was named in 1922 after Buller Lieutenant Colonel H.C. DSO. It is located in the Kananaskis Range in Alberta.
 The McArthur River is a river in the Northern Territory of Australia which flows into the Gulf of Carpentaria at Port McArthur opposite the Sir Edward Pellew Group of Islands. The river was named by Ludwig Leichhardt while he explored the area in 1845. The McArthur River has significance for the local Aboriginal communities who use it for fishing and other traditional activities.
 Triple Glaciers are in Grand Teton National Park Wyoming United States. The glaciers are disconnected from each other and occupy three separate cirques on the northwest face of Mount Moran and northeast of Thor Peak.
 The Adelaide River is a river in Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Tifata is a mountain of Campania Italy. The Abbey of Sant'Angelo in Formis is located on its western slopes.
 Fjallsárlón is a glacier lake at the south end of the Icelandic glacier Vatnajökull. Fjallsjökull which is part of the bigger glacier reaches down to the water of the lake and some ice-bergs are drifting by on its surface.The glacier calving into the lagoon is a part of Vatnajökull National Park and the better known glacier lake Jökulsárlón is not far from there.
 The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 Zellbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Slimnic River is a tributary of the Coțatcu River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is sometimes referred to as Tâmboeşti River
 Loch Migdale is a freshwater loch (Lake) near Bonar Bridge in Sutherland Highland Scotland United Kingdom.The loch contains a Crannog (artificial-island home) dating from Iron Age.
 Pine Lake is a lake in Alberta. Pine lake is drained by ghostpine creek which eventually empties out into the Red Deer River. The lake is very rich in plant life which gives it fish. Some of the fish in this lake are northern pike walleye yellow perch and burbot. It is located 25 kilometers southeast of Red Deer. Most notable for the Pine Lake tornado that struck the hamlet of Pine Lake in 2000.
 Lake Pleasant Regional Park is a large outdoors recreation area straddling the Maricopa and Yavapai county border northwest of Phoenix Arizona. The park is located within the municipal boundaries of Peoria Arizona and serves as a major recreation hub for the northwest Phoenix metropolitan area.
 The Valea Picurelei River is a tributary of the Medişa River in Romania.
 The Mangapapa River is a river of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island. The river rises near the remote settlement of Mangapapa northwest of Mangaweka. It flows westward through heavily-eroded hilly farmland to meet the Turakina River. There is a 12 metre waterfall on the lower reaches of the river.
 The Izvorul Prelucii River is a tributary of the Lala River in Romania.
 The Teregovița River is a tributary of the Teregova River in Romania.
 Abra River is the 6th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of watershed size. It has an estimated drainage area of 5125 square kilometers and a length of 178 kilometers from its source in the vicinity of Mount Data in the Benguet province.
 Tank Stream a fresh water tributary of Sydney Cove located in New South Wales Australia was the fresh water supply for the fledgling colony of New South Wales in the late 18th century. Today it is little more than a storm water drain. It originated from a swamp to the west of present day Hyde Park and at high tide entered Sydney Cove at what is now the intersection of Bridge and Pitt Streets in the Sydney central business district.
 The Ciuta River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Long Ridge is a hill located in the Santa Cruz Mountains in the San Francisco Bay Area California. The hill rises to an elevation of about 2600 feet (792 m) on private property near Highway 35 and the Santa Clara-San Mateo county line.The hill is the highest point in San Mateo County. A hill to the northeast of Long Ridge rises to 2566 feet (782 m). Some snow falls on the mountain during the winter.The Long Ridge Open Space Preserve is named for this ridge.
 Mount Hanang is a mountain in Tanzania. The peak has an elevation of 3420 m above sea level. Hanang is located in Manyara Region of Tanzania.
 Otse Hill is a peak and the highest point of Botswana with an altitude of 1491 metres (4891 feet). It is located in the village of Otse South-East District.The Monalanong Hill (at a questioned altitude of 1494 metres - 4900 feet) or the Tsodilo Hills (at an altitude of 1489 metres - 4885 feet) are also often given as the highest point in Botswana.
 Loch Achray is a small freshwater loch 11 kilometres west of Callander in Stirling district Scotland.The loch lies between Loch Katrine and Loch Venachar in the heart of the Trossachs and has an average depth of 11 metres. The south side of the loch is wooded and well served by woodland tracks and forest roads. The loch is popular with anglers who fish for brown trout.
 The Pueyrredón/Cochrane Lake is a glacier fed lake located on the eastern edge of the southern Andes straddling the border between Argentina and Chile. It is named after Lord Cochrane on the Chilean side and Pueyrredón on the Argentina side. The border is a peninsula that juts out into the lake on the north side. The border to the north of the lake follows the ridgeline of the last major expression of the eastern Andes.
 The Gila Valley of Yuma County Arizona is a small valley surrounding the Gila River at its confluence with the Colorado River the Colorado being the border between California and Arizona and locally southwest of Yuma – Baja California and Sonora states Mexico.The valley extends only 10 miles (16 km) from its confluence to the northern end of the Gila Mountains which abut the east end of the Laguna Mountains where the Gila River meanders west southwest then due west again.
 The Scocul Urzicarului River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 The Da Várzea River (Portuguese Rio da Várzea) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Uruguay River.
 The Vezuriște River is a tributary of the Vârciorog River in Romania.
 Montes Caucasus is a rugged range of mountains in the northeastern part of the Moon. It begins at a gap of level surface that joins the Mare Imbrium to the west with the Mare Serenitatis to the east and extends in an irregular band to the north-northeast to the western side of the prominent crater Eudoxus. The range forms the northwestern boundary of the Mare Serenitatis. It forms a continuation of the Montes Apenninus range to the southwest.
 Gagarin is a large lunar impact crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. To the southwest is the crater Pavlov and to the northeast lies Keeler. Closer to the rim are the craters Levi-Civita to the southwest and Beijerinck to the north-northeast. Isaev lies entirely within the northwest rim of Gagarin. In contrast with the floor of Gagarin Isaev has a floor with a somewhat low albedo.
 Mormon Reservoir is a reservoir on McKinney Creek in Camas County Idaho. The reservoir is surrounded by private state and Bureau of Land Management land which offers opportunities for boating fishing camping and hunting among other activities. The reservoir is impounded by Mormon Dam which was built in 1908.
 Roc de la Guàrdia (Balenyà) is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 891 metres above sea level.It is the emblematic mountain of Els Hostalets de Balenyà town nearby.
 Wintersberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Hulubelu is an elliptical 4-km-long caldera the floor of which is about 700 m above sea level and is surrounded by steep walls in South-Eastern Sumatra. Post-caldera volcanism formed central cones and basaltic and andesitic flank volcanoes.Solfataric areas mud volcanoes and hot springs occur at several locations but it is not known for sure when the volcano last erupted possibly in the Holocene epoch [1].
 Orlov is a lunar impact crater. It is located on the Moon's far side to the northeast of the larger crater Leeuwenhoek. To the north-northwest of Orlov is De Vries and to the east-southeast is Rumford.This crater lies between two larger satellite craters. Orlov V is attached to the northern rim and Leeuwenhoek E is connected along the southwest. The latter is also the location of an outward bulge in the rim of Orlov giving it a wider interior wall along that side.
 Dühlbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Wildnörderer is a mountain in the Nauderer group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Morven (Scottish Gaelic: A' Mhòr Bheinn) is a mountain in Caithness in the Highland Region of Scotland. The hill is classed as a Graham and at 706 metres its summit is the highest point in the county of Caithness.Caithness is generally quite low lying. Morven's relative height and conical appearance makes it a prominent feature of the landscape as seen from many different places in the county.
 The Tržič Bistrica (Slovene: Tržiška Bistrica) is a river in Upper Carniola Slovenia. The river is 27 kilometres (17 mi) in length. It starts in Karavanke runs through the Dovžan Gorge and the town of Tržič and joins the Sava near Podbrezje.
 The Great Salt Lake located in the northern part of the U.S. state of Utah is the largest salt water lake in the Western Hemisphere and the fourth-largest terminal lake in the world. In an average year the lake covers an area of around 1700 square miles (4400 km2) but the lake's size fluctuates substantially due to its shallowness.
 The Catarama River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
 Factory Hill el. 9527 feet (2904 m) is a mountain peak in the Red Mountains of Yellowstone National Park. It is directly north of Mount Sheridan and west of the Heart Lake Geyser Basin. Early in the history of Yellowstone this peak was call Red Mountain by the Hayden surveys a name later transferred to the range in which it resides. In 1885 the Hague Geological Survey gave the peak its present name based on the following passage by Nathaniel P.
 Sofia University Mountains (Planina Sofiyski Universitet \pla-ni-'na so-'fiy-ski u-ni-ver-si-'tet\) are a cluster of three small mountains 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) long in the north-south direction and 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) wide rising to 1500 metres (1600 yd) (Mount Kliment Ohridski) in north-western Alexander Island.They are located south-southeast of Havre Mountains southwest of Rouen Mountains northwest of Elgar Uplands east of the northern part of Lassus Mountains and 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) inland from Lazarev Bay. 
 Fallbach (Kinzig) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Barrancas River is a river in western Argentina. Traveling eastward from the Andes range it separates the Argentine provinces of Mendoza and Neuquén. Joining the Río Grande it merges into the Colorado and flows into the Atlantic Ocean.
 Heiglkopf also spelled Heigelkopf (1205 m) is a mountain near the village of Wackersberg in Upper Bavaria Germany close to the Austrian border. Between 1933 and 1945 it was known as Hitler-Berg.In April 1933 the title of honorary citizen of Wackersberg was awarded by the municipal council to Adolf Hitler Chancellor of Germany and the mountain was renamed to his honor. A 10-metre high black iron swastika illuminated at nights by torches was erected at the top in June 1933.
 Sauklippe is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 Lake Harriet is a lake in the southwest part of Minneapolis just south of Lake Calhoun and north of Minnehaha Creek. The lake is surrounded by parkland as part of the Minneapolis Chain of Lakes. The lake has an area of 335 acres (1.36 km2) and a maximum depth of 85 feet (26 m).Lake Harriet is very popular for recreation.
 Sängelberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Beltes River is a river of Mongolia.
 Malubiting (also known as Malubiting West) is the second highest peak in the Rakaposhi-Haramosh Mountains a subrange of the Karakoram range of Pakistan.
 Kazim (Russian: Казы́м) is a river in Russia. It flows over the West Siberian Plain and is a right tributary of the Ob. The Kazim is 659 km in length with a drainage basin of 35 600 km². Its average discharge is 267 m³/s.The town of Beloyarsky is situated by the Kazim.
 The Keiskamma River (Afrikaans: Keiskammarivier) is a river in the Eastern Cape Province in South Africa. The river flows into the Indian Ocean in the Keiskamma Estuary located by Hamburg Nature Reserve near Hamburg midway between East London and Port Alfred.
 Arivaca Lake is located in southern Arizona 60 miles (97 km) south of Tucson. In mid-1999 there was a total fish kill at this lake due to oxygen depletion. The facilities are maintained by the Arizona Game and Fish Department.
 Pyramid Mountain is a subglacial mound located on the Murtle Plateau in Wells Gray Provincial Park east-central British Columbia Canada.
 Lake Minnetonka is a 14528-acre (59 km2) lake in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is located west-southwest of the Twin Cities of Minneapolis–Saint Paul. The lake is irregularly shaped with numerous bays peninsulas and islands that form approximately 125 miles (200 km) of shoreline. The lake is located almost entirely within Hennepin County; however its southernmost extension Smithtown Bay reaches into the City of Victoria which lies within northeastern Carver County.
 The Noșcolat Patac River is a tributary of the Fântâna lui Gal River in Romania.
 Chorny Volcano (Вулкан Чёрный - Black Volcano) is a stratovolcano situated in the central Kamchatka in Russia.
 Clear Creek Reservoir is located in the town of Winslow which is in Navajo County.
 Menoikio (Greek: Μενοίκιο Bulgarian: Змийница Zmiynitsa) is a mountain range in the eastern Serres and western Drama regional units in Greece. The highest peak of the mountain is Mavromata at 1963 m. To the west it is connected with the Vrontous mountain range and to the north via the Mavro Vouno mountain to Orvilos.
 The Comiat River (Hungarian: Komját-pataka) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Crivaia Mică River is a tributary of the Crivaia Mare River in Romania.
 The Valea Barbului River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Devil Canyon is a steep sided valley or canyon in the south side of Paivia Peak in the San Bernardino Mountains of San Bernardino County California. Devil Canyon Creek with its tributary East and West Forks are a tributary of the Santa Ana River watershed now interrupted by the local irrigation and water system reservoir at its mouth.
 Küttelbieke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Martin River is a stream on the Kenai Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning at Portlock Glacier in the Kenai Mountains it flows north for 7 miles (11 km) into Kachemak Bay. The upper river lies within Kenai National Wildlife Refuge. The river mouth is 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Homer.
 Lutter (Aa) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Paucerna River is a river of Bolivia.
 Gsengetstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Rio Negro (Portuguese for black river) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Robson River is a short but swift rapid and waterfall-infested river in Mount Robson Provincial Park of British Columbia. It is a tributary of the Upper Fraser River and it originates near Robson Pass which divides the Robson River & the headwaters of the Smoky River drainage. There are three lakes along the river’s course as well as four waterfalls.
 The Tochuhorn (2661 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking the Simplon Pass in the canton of Valais.
 East Leichhardt Dam is correctly identified as Lake Mary Kathleen Queensland. The dam is located 25 km east of Mount Isa Queensland and 9 km south of the Barkly Highway.The dam was built to be an emergency supply of water for the now-closed Mary Kathleen uranium mine. However Lake Corella was sufficient.
 The Sistranser Bach also: Sistrans Creek originates near Sistrans Alpine Hut in Tyrol Austria at an altitude of 1.400 – 1.600 metres. The Creek is formed of 5 source creeks of nearly the same size which look like a fan on the map. It flows from north to south and passes through the villages of Sistrans and Aldrans.Near Castle Ambras the Creek splits in two arms. The side arm flows in the Castle park and forms the „Castle Fall“ a waterfall with a height of 20 metres.
 Cerro La Luna is a small tepui in Bolívar state Venezuela. It is situated off the northern flank of Auyán-tepui just southeast of the similarly small Cerro El Sol and forms part of the Auyán Massif. Both it and Cerro El Sol emerge near the end of a long forested ridge leading from Auyán-tepui. Cerro La Luna has an elevation of around 1650 metres (5410 ft) and a summit area of 0.2 km2 (0.077 sq mi).
 The Piedra River (Spanish: Río Piedra) is a river in the Iberian System area Spain. It is a tributary of the river Jalón.
 The Cheja Range is an icefield-bound mountain range on the inside perimeter of the Alaska Panhandle in northernwestern British Columbia Canada. It lies between the South Whiting River and the Samotua River. It is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Pacific Cordillera mountain system. The name is an approximation of a phrase in the Tahltan language meaning mountains are hard.
 Shibogama Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Iztaccíhuatl (alternative spellings include Ixtaccíhuatl or either variant spelled without the accent) (About this sound istakˈsiwatɬ or as spelled with the x [iʃtakˈsiwatɬ]) is a 5230 m (17160 ft) dormant volcanic mountain in Mexico.
 Horrebow is a lunar impact crater that is located along the northern shore of Mare Frigoris just to the south of the walled plain J. Herschel. To the west of Horrebow is the crater Robinson.Horrebow is roughly circular but it has a narrower inner wall along the east and southeast sides than elsewhere around the perimeter. The inner walls have slumped forming a ledge around the base of the slope. The interior floor is circular but is offset to the east due to the asymmetry of the wall.
 Evangervatnet or Lake Evanger is a lake in the municipality of Voss in Hordaland county Norway. The Vosso River flows through both Vangsvatnet and Evangervatnet before it empties into Bolstadfjord by the village of Bolstadøyri. Lake Evanger is named for the village Evanger. The last element vatnet is the definite form of vatn meaning lake.
 Eisernbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Repejioara River or Pârâul Repede is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The Hot Springs Range is a mountain range in Humboldt County Nevada.
 Saw Kill may refer to three different bodies of water in New York. Two are tributaries of the Hudson River on its east bank.
 The Sweetwater Mountains (highest peak Mount Patterson 11654 feet (3552 m)) is a small mountain range in Northern Mono County California and Western Lyon County Nevada separating the West Walker River from the East Walker River. Most of the range is only accessible by four wheel drive vehicle on foot or pack animal. Most of the range is contained in the Toiyabe National Forest. The place name appears on the 1874 California Geologic Survey map of California and Nevada.
 Pizzo di Madéi (also known as Pizzo Medaro) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies between the valleys of Vergeletto (Ticino) Isorno and Onsernone (Piedmont).
 For the Sluch River in Ukraine or Southern Sluch see Sluch River (Ukraine).The Sluch or Northern Sluch (Belarussian: Случ Паўночная Случ; Lithuanian: Slučė Šiaurinė Slučė; Slovak: Sluč Severní Sluč) is a river of Belarus. Rising in Minsk Voblast it flows for 228 km past the cities of Salihorsk and Slutsk finally emptying into the Pripyat River.
 Storms River is a river in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. The river mouth is located in the Tsitsikamma National Park. The 5 day Otter Trail starts at the Storms River mouth.
 Siston Brook rises in two separate streams which issue from a ridge just north of the village of Siston South Gloucestershire England. The brook is approximately 6 miles (9.7 km) long and is a tributary of the Bristol Avon. Much of its course is through the eastern suburbs of Bristol although it remains outside the city boundaries.
 Güttersbach (Crumbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Mühlwasser is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Snoqualmie Mountain is the tallest peak in the immediate vicinity of Snoqualmie Pass in the North Cascade Range of Washington state U.S. Its shape is often described as amorphous or blob-like although it does display a steep north face dropping down to the Middle Fork of the Snoqualmie River. The boundary of the Alpine Lakes Wilderness crosses the summit of Snoqualmie Mountain.
 The Coitinho River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 San Antonio Reservoir is located in Alameda County California about three miles east-southeast of Sunol. It was built in 1964 by the City and County of San Francisco. Formed by the James H. Turner Dam across San Antonio Creek not far above where it flows into Alameda Creek its purpose is to store water from the Hetch Hetchy Aqueduct and local wells and watersheds. It has a capacity of 50500 acre feet (62300000 m3).The reservoir is not open to the public.
 Lake Suwa (諏訪湖 Suwa-ko) is a lake in the central part of Nagano Prefecture Japan. It ranks 24th in Japan in surface area.Lake Suwa is the site of The God's Crossing (御神渡り o-miwatari) an interesting natural phenomenon. The lake has a natural hot spring under the surface so that when the top freezes in the winter the lower waters are still warm and circulating. This results in pressure ridges forming in the ice reaching heights of 30 cm or more.
 The Apa Roșie River is a tributary of the Ozunca River in Romania.
 The East Two River (Vermilion Lake) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Western Tauern Alps (German: Westliche Tauernalpen Italian: Alpi dei Tauri occidentali) are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps.
 Mount Everest (also known in Nepal as Sagarmatha and in Tibet as Chomolungma) is the Earth's highest mountain. It is located in the Mahalangur section of the Himalayas. Its peak is 8848 metres (29029 ft) above sea level and is the 5th furthest point from the center of the Earth. The international border between China and Nepal runs across the precise summit point.
 The Furggubäumhorn (also known as Punta d'Aurona) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It is located on the main chain of the Alps approximately halfway between the Wasenhorn and the Bortelhorn.On the north side of the mountain lies the Bortelsee.
 Cheddar Reservoir is an artificial reservoir in Somerset England operated by Bristol Water. Dating from the 1930s it has a capacity of 135 million gallons (614000 cubic metres). The reservoir is supplied with water taken from the Cheddar Yeo river in Cheddar Gorge.
 Number Ten Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Belleville Hastings County Ontario Canada.
 Stony Brook also known as Stoney Brook is a tributary of the Millstone River in Mercer County New Jersey in the United States.
 Mount Helena is a mountain located at the Queen Reach arm of Jervis Inlet and behind Princess Louisa Inlet. Mount Helena is part of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia Canada. The mountain was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumber who charted all of the known area and named the mountain after HRH Princess Helena Augusta Victoria “Lenchen” who was the fifth child of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of England.
 The Las Palmas River is a river of Mexico.
 The Hochjoch (elevation 2875 m 9432 ft) is a mountain pass in the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy. Located between the Venter and Schnalser valleys the Hochjoch is covered by the Hochjoch-Ferner glacier.
 The Valea Bisericii River is a tributary of the Șimon River in Romania.
 Yuty is a crater on Mars in Chryse Planitia. The crater is about 20 km (12 mi) in diameter and is surrounded by complex ejecta lobes which are a distinctive characteristic of martian impact craters. Many craters at equatorial and mid-latitudes on Mars have this form of ejecta morphology which is thought to arise when the impacting object melts ice in the subsurface.
 Krathis (Greek: Κράθις) is a river in the eastern part of Achaea southern Greece. The river flows through the municipal unit of Akrata.
 The Einkorn is a 510 metre high hill spur in the northern Limpurg Hills near Hessental in the borough of Schwäbisch Hall. It has the ruins of a baroque pilgrimage church that was dedicated to the Fourteen Holy Helpers. The hill is located in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
 Rimo I is the main summit of the Rimo massif with an elevation of 7385 metres (24229 ft). It lies in the northern part of the remote Rimo Muztagh a subrange of the Karakoram range. It is located about 20 km northeast of the snout of the Siachen Glacier.
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Racoviţa river in Romania.
 Stellbergsee is a lake in Söhre Landkreis Kassel and Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany. At an elevation of 356 m its surface area is 0.014 km².
 Rio Verde Pequeno (Portuguese for little green river) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Valea Lacului River is a tributary of the Toplicioara cu Apă River in Romania.
 Skaneateles Lake (/ˌskæniˈætləs/ or local /ˌskɪniˈætləs/) is one of the Finger Lakes in central New York in the United States. The name Skaneateles means long lake in one of the local Iroquoian languages. The lake is sometimes referred to as The Roof Garden of the Lakes because its altitude (863.27 ft or 263.12 m) is higher than the other Finger Lakes.
 Lac d'Artouste is a lake in Pyrénées-Atlantiques France. At an elevation of 1997 m its surface area is 0.56 km².
 The Dourdou de Camarès is an 86.9 km (54.0 mi) long river in the Tarn Hérault and Aveyron départements southern France. Its source is in the Parc naturel régional du Haut-Languedoc in the commune of Murat-sur-Vèbre 5.5 km (3.4 mi) southeast of the village. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Tarn into which it flows at Broquiès 1.2 km (0.75 mi) southwest of the village.Its main tributary is the Sorgues.
 The Caracol River (Tocantins) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Uttoxeter Canal About this sound pronounced (listen) was a thirteen-mile extension of the Caldon Canal running from Froghall as far as Uttoxeter in Staffordshire England. It was authorised in 1797 but did not open until 1811. With the exception of the first lock and basin at Froghall it closed in 1849 in order that the Churnet Valley Railway could be constructed along its length. The railway has since been dismantled and there are plans to reinstate the canal.
 The River Kennett rises south of Dalham in Suffolk and flows northward past Moulton and Kennett and joins Lee Brook a tributary of the River Lark just south of Freckenham. The river is generally dry in the summertime.At Moulton the river passes under a Grade-II*-listed 15th-century packhorse bridge. This bridge has four arches indicating that the river was larger when the bridge was constructed.
 Little Harbour Lake is a lake of Shelburne District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Qur al Rikibi is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Izvorul Coastelor River is a tributary of the Topolog River in Romania.
 Llyn Park (also known as Llyn y Parc) is a lake in the Gwydir Forest in North Wales.Lying at a height of 664' it covers an area of 22 acres (89000 m2) and is long and narrow in shape.A natural lake the building of a dam at the southern end raised the level to provide water to drive machinery at the nearby Aberllyn lead and zinc mine which in 1900 employed some 200 men.
 Hankavesi is a lake of Finland.
 Nevado Copa is a mountain in the Andes of Peru. It has a height of 6188 metres.
 The Donner und Blitzen River is a river on the eastern Oregon high desert which drains a relatively arid basin the southern portion of Harney Basin from roughly 20 to 80 miles (30 to 130 km) south-southeast of Burns including Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. Though much of its course is marsh it offers scenic glaciated canyons unique ecosystems and exceptional wild trout fisheries.
 The Dent d'Oche is a mountain in the Haute-Savoie region of France in the Chablais massif near the Swiss-French border that rises to 2221 m (7287 ft) in altitude. It towers above Évian Thonon and Lake Geneva. It offers a view of the French and Swiss Alps and the Swiss prealps.It is the northernmost summit above 2000 m (6600 ft) in France.About 100 m (330 ft) below the summit is a refuge of the French Alpine Club the refuge de la Dent d'Oche.
 The Pietrele Albe River is a tributary of the Guţan River in Romania.
 Martin Hill is a mountain ridge which connects Tussey Mountain to its east and Evitts Mountain to its west. Martin Hill is located in the Martin Hill Wild Area which is a part of the Buchanan State Forest in Bedford County Pennsylvania. The summit of Martin Hill is one of the few in the Commonwealth which is void of any towers or transmitters; such equipment is located instead on a lesser nearby summit in the same mountain complex.
 The San Francisco volcanic field is an area of volcanoes in northern Arizona north of Flagstaff USA. The field covers 1800 square miles (4700 km²) of the southern boundary of the Colorado Plateau. The field contains 600 volcanoes ranging in age from nearly 6 million years old to less than 1000 years (Miocene to Holocene) of which Sunset Crater is the youngest.
 The Vinești River (Hungarian:Vám Vám-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. Its Hungarian name means “Customs Creek”.
 Spaulding Mountain is a mountain located in Franklin County Maine. Spaulding Mountain is flanked to the northeast by Sugarloaf Mountain and to the southeast by Mount Abraham.The northeast and south sides of Spaulding Mountain drain into Rapid Stream then into the West Branch of the Carrabassett River the Kennebec River and into the Gulf of Maine.
 Þórisvatn is the largest lake of Iceland situated at the south end of Sprengisandur highland road within the highlands of Iceland.It is a reservoir of a surface about 88 km² and uses the energy of the river Þjórsá which comes down from the glacier Hofsjökull. Here in the south it is exploited in a power station. Like a lot of other Icelandic lakes which are mostly glacial lakes or volcanic lakes it normally has a stark green color.
 Bielsdown River a perennial stream that is part of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands of New South Wales Australia.
 The St. Croix River is a river in northeastern North America 71 miles (114 km) in length that forms part of the Canada – United States border between Maine (U.S.A.) and New Brunswick (Canada). The river rises in the Chiputneticook Lakes and flows south and southeast between Calais and St. Stephen. It discharges into Passamaquoddy Bay in the Bay of Fundy.
 The Derrynasaggart Mountains are a mountain range in County Cork Ireland. They are situated from mid-Cork to the border with County Kerry and can be seen on the N22 road in the Kerry direction. They are also viewable from towns like Clondrohid Macroom and Ballyvourney (Baile Mhuirne)
 Mount Kinch is a volcanic knob in southwestern British Columbia Canada located 79 km (49 mi) east of Rivers Inlet. It is almost completely ice-covered.
 Pennichuck Brook is one of the tributaries of the Merrimack River in New Hampshire in the United States. Its watershed is 31 square miles (80 km2) and is one of the 14 subwatersheds of the Merrimack River. It passes through Nashua and Merrimack New Hampshire and serves as the public water supply for greater Nashua.
 The Zimoiaș River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania. The Zimoiaş Dam is built on this river.
 The Cubleș River is a tributary of the Bozolnicu River in Romania.
 The Reuss is a river in Switzerland. With a length of 158 kilometres (98 mi) and a drainage basin of 3425 square kilometres (1322 sq mi) it is the fourth largest river in Switzerland (after the Rhine Aar and Rhône). The highest point of the drainage basin is the summit of Dammastock at 3630 metres.Rising in the Gotthard massif the Reuss runs from the Urserental and continues through the Schöllenen Gorge and under the legendary Devil's Bridge (Teufelsbrücke) at St.
 Freesendorfer See is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 0.1 m its surface area is 0.48 km².
 Langenberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Lago della Vacca is a lake in the Province of Brescia Lombardy Italy. At an elevation of 2358 m its surface area is 0.256 km².
 Triadelphia Reservoir sometimes called Tridelphia Reservoir or Tridelphia Lake is located on the Patuxent River in Howard County and Montgomery County Maryland near the town of Brookeville. The reservoir was created in 1943 by the construction of the Brighton Dam on the Patuxent. The reservoir named after the town of Tridelphia which was founded in 1809 by three Quaker brothers-in-law.
 Stever is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Bonanza Peak is a tall peak in the North Cascades in the U.S. state of Washington and the Glacier Peak Wilderness of the Wenatchee National Forest. At 9516 feet (2900 m) in elevation it is the highest point in Chelan County and the highest non-volcanic peak in Washington and the Cascade Range as a whole. Bonanza Peak's prominence is 3711 feet (1131 m) making it the 26th most prominent peak in Washington.
 New St. Michael's Cave also known as Lower St. Michael's Cave is a cave system in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. Unlike its namesake St. Michael's Cave (proper) which has been known for over 2000 years this cave was discovered as recently as World War II.The cave was accidentally discovered during World War II when in 1942 the Royal Engineers were blasting inside the Rock of Gibraltar so as to create an alternate entrance to the lower chambers of St.
 The Comoara River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 The Yolo Bypass is one of two flood bypasses in the Sacramento Valley located in Yolo and Solano Counties. It protects Sacramento and other riverside communities from flooding through a system of weirs. These weirs connect the bypass to the Sacramento River as well as to various local creeks where the water is eventually drained into the Sacramento-San Joaquin River Delta.Sacramento experienced several severe floods prior to construction of the bypass.
 Sierra Maestra is a mountain range that runs westward across the south of the old Oriente Province from what is now Guantánamo Province to Niquero in southeast Cuba rising abruptly from the coast. Some view it as a series of connecting ranges (Vela Santa Catalina Quemado Grande Daña Mariana) which joins with others extending to the west. The Sierra Maestra is the highest system of Cuba. It is rich in minerals especially copper manganese chromium and iron.
 Ottenberg is a mountain in the Franconian Jura in Bavaria Germany.
 Fabry is a large lunar crater of the form termed a walled plain. It is located on the far side of the Moon just beyond the northeastern limb. Parts of this area are sometimes brought into view by the effects of libration but the terrain is seen from the edge and so not much in the way of detail can be observed.This formation is of significant dimensions in its own right but it overlies the northeast rim of an even larger basin named Harkhebi.
 The Vezzana (also Cima di Vezzana) is the highest peak in the Pale di San Martino a mountain group in the Dolomites northern Italy. It is located in the northern part of the Dolomites between the Agordino and Primiero (provinces of Belluno and Trentino). It has an altitude of 3192 metres.The peak is flanked by that of the Cimon della Pala.
 The Goat Rocks are a series of rugged volcanic peaks in the Cascade Range roughly between Mount Rainier and Mount Adams in southern Washington state. They are named after the numerous mountain goats which live in the area and are at the core of the eponymous Goat Rocks Wilderness.
 Mount Constance is a peak in the Olympic Mountains of Washington and the third highest in the range. It is the most visually prominent peak on Seattle's western skyline. Despite being almost as tall as the ice-clad Mount Olympus to the west Mount Constance has little in the way of glaciers and permanent snow due to the fact that the eastern and particularly the northeastern portion of the Olympics receives far less precipitation.
 Ballard Down is an area of chalk downland on the Purbeck Hills in the English county of Dorset. The hills meet the English Channel here and Ballard Down forms a headland Ballard Point between Studland Bay to the north and Swanage Bay to the south. The chalk here forms part of a system of chalk downlands in southern England and once formed a continuous ridge between what is now west Dorset and the present day Isle of Wight.
 The Tomnatecu River is a tributary of the Izvorul Lung River in Romania.
 Galveston Bay is the 7th largest estuary in the United States located along the upper coast of Texas. It is connected to the Gulf of Mexico and is surrounded by sub-tropic marshes and prairies on the mainland. The water in the Bay is a complex mixture of sea water and fresh water which supports a wide variety of marine life.The bay has been historically important during Texas' history.
 Elk Lake is a large lake located in Elk/Beaver Lake Regional Park in Saanich British Columbia. Elk Lake and Beaver Lake are actually one lake as a shallow channel connects them.Elk/Beaver lake was known as the Freshwater Playground of Victoria in its heyday the 1930s and 1940s. However with the completion of the Pat Bay highway in the 1950s focus turned to environmentalism and measures were taken to start restoring the park to its natural state and protecting it.
 Nervo is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 63kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Nervo is named for the Mexican poet Amado Nervo who lived from 1870 to 1919.
 Cefn Hirgoed is a ridge in Bridgend county borough in South Wales. The ridge extends for about 5km east from the village of Sarn just north of Bridgend to Pen-prysg north of Pencoed. At the point where it reaches its highest elevation of 142m are a couple of covered reservoirs. Towards the west the M4 motorway runs along the hill’s southern edge.
 Kleine Gebke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Caragh Lake (Irish: Loch Cárthaí) is a large and scenic lake in County Kerry Ireland.Caragh Lake railway station was on the Great Southern and Western Railway line which ran from Farranfore to Valentia Harbour.
 The Zadorra is a river tributary of the Ebro in the Basque Country at the north of the Iberian Peninsula. The river flows across province Álava all along (with the exception of Burgos' exclave La Puebla de Arganzon) till it pours into the Ebro near Miranda de Ebro in Burgos' lands. The river's water volume is the largest in Álava with its basin being the most extensive in the province.
 The Hodoș River is a tributary of the Chizdia River in Romania.
 The Vălișoara River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 At 746.9 m above sea level the Hohe Acht is the highest mountain in the Eifel mountains of Germany. It is located on the boundary between the districts of Ahrweiler and Mayen-Koblenz in Rhineland-Palatinate.
 The Galbenu River is a tributary of the Lotrişorul River in Romania.
 Jongjasan is a mountain near the city of Pocheon Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 877.2 m (2878 ft).
 The Black River is a 33.7-mile-long (54.2 km) tributary of the Red Lake River of Minnesota in the United States. Via the Red Lake River the Red River of the North Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the Hudson Bay watershed.
 Rushford Lake is a small reservoir in the western part of New York USA. The lake is in the northwest part of Allegany County New York mostly in the Town of Rushford but the eastern part of the lake is in the Town of Caneadea.The lake has a crescent shape. Rush Creek feeds into the south end of the lake and an outlet on the east side feeds into the Genesee River.
 Almodóvar Reservoir is a reservoir in Tarifa province of Cádiz Andalusia Spain.
 Carter Lake is a shallow oxbow lake in Nebraska and Iowa located next to Omaha and Carter Lake. Soon after its formation the lake was called the East Omaha Lake and then Lake Nakoma.
 The Boulețul Mic River is a headwater of the Bouleț River in Romania.
 The Lichte River is a right tributary of the Schwarza in Thuringia Germany and is 17 kilometres (11 mi) long.
 Demon (Russian: Демон; Ainu: カムイヌプリ Kamui-nupuri; Japanese: 神威岳 Kamui-dake) is a stratovolcano located at the northern end of Iturup Island Kuril Islands Russia.The Ilya Muromets Waterfall one of the highest in Russia falls abruptly from the eastern slope of the volcano into the Pacific Ocean.
 Pumaqucha (Quechua puma cougar puma qucha lake puma lake hispanicized spelling Pumacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Yauyos Province Laraos District. It is situated at a height of about 4388 m southwest of the mountain Léon Pitakana (Leónpitacana) near the village Pumaqucha. The lake is about 2 km long. Sima Pumaqucha which is considered the deepest shaft in the Andes is situated near the lake.
 The Valea Jelealului River is a headwater of the Lisa River in Romania.
 Wilisch is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Spring Creek Pass elevation 10889 ft (3319 m) is a mountain pass on the Continental Divide in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado. The pass is traversed by State Highway 149 and the Colorado Trail. Somewhat unusually for a pass on the Continental Divide it is not the highest point on the highway in the vicinity; heading north from the pass the road climbs over the considerably higher Slumgullion Summit before descending toward Lake City.
 Bever (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Eem (formerly the Amer) is a river in the central Netherlands with a length of approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi).The river is fed by the Vallei Canal and a number of Veluwe creeks the most important of which are the Heiligenberger Beek the Barneveldse Beek and the Lunterse Beek all of which come together in Amersfoort. The river then runs through the Eem Valley to the east of Soest Baarn and Eemnes before emptying into the Eemmeer.
 Strinesdale is a reservoir situated on the A62 between Oldham and Delph in Greater Manchester England. The town of Rochdale is to the north and the town of Oldham to the south.Strinesdale is an area of water and woodland covering approximately 40 acres (162000 m²). In 1991 the reservoirs were drained and replaced by two smaller lakes with the old reservoir sites being planted with trees and grassland.
 Paddys River a watercourse of the Murray catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Australian Alpine region of New South Wales Australia.
 Vanylvsfjorden is a fjord in western Norway on the border of Sogn og Fjordane and Møre og Romsdal counties. The 30-kilometre (19 mi) long fjord runs between the mainland of Vanylven Municipality and the Stad peninsula of Selje Municipality with the islands of Sande Municipality lying in the mouth of the fjord. The inner part of the fjord branches into the Syltefjorden and Kjødepollen.
 Càrn Eige sometimes spelt Càrn Eighe is a mountain in the north of Scotland. At an altitude of 1183 metres (3881 ft) above sea level it is the highest mountain in northern Scotland (north of the Great Glen) the twelfth-highest summit above sea level in the British Isles and in terms of relative height (topographic prominence) it is the second-tallest mountain in the British Isles after Ben Nevis (its parent peak for determination of topographic prominence).
 The Valea Adâncă River or Căprioara River is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
 The Suldalslågen (or Lågen) river is located in Rogaland County in southwest Norway.Suldalslågen has a natural watershed of 1463 km² of which 75% is above timberline in high mountain areas making it western Norway's largest river. The Suldalslågen and upstream watercourse is heavily dammed and regulated (including transfer of water across catchmetn borders) for hydroelectric power generation and represents ~6% of Norway's total hydroelectric power generation.
 Ise Bay (伊勢湾 Ise-wan) is a bay located at the mouth of the Kiso Three Rivers between Mie and Aichi Prefectures in Japan. Ise Bay has an average depth of 19.5 metres and a maximum depth of 30 metres toward the centre. The mouth of the bay is 9 kilometres wide and is connected to the smaller Mikawa Bay by two channels: the Nakayama Channel and the Morosaki Channel. Mikawa Bay is subsequently joined to the Pacific Ocean by the Irako Channel which ranges from 50 to 100 metres in depth.
 Dickens is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 78 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Dickens is named for the English novelist Charles Dickens who lived from 1812 to 1870.
 The Little River is a minor river in the Florida Big Bend.
 The river Planquette is one of the small streams that flow from the plateau of the southern Boulonnais and Picardy into the Canche. Its length is 11.8 km.The river rises at Planques and passes Fressin Wambercourt Cavron-Saint-Martin and joins the Canche at Contes.
 The Sabo River is a tributary of the Fântâna lui Gal River in Romania.
 Khao Chang (เขาช้าง) is a 45 m high hill in Phang Nga Province Thailand. It is located in Phang Nga town right behind the City Hall.At the foot of the mountain and within the Wat Phra Paht Phra Chim temple compound there is a cave known as Phung Chang Elephant Belly Cave with stalactites and stalagmites. Some parts of the cave are permanently flooded but they are accessible by boat.
 The Tooth of Time is an igneous intrusion of dacite porphyry formed in the Paleogene Period of the Cenozoic Era some 22-40 million years ago. The Tooth is located five miles (8 km) southwest of Cimarron New Mexico USA and is on the property of Philmont Scout Ranch and is one of Philmont's most popular sights.The Tooth rises prominently from the valley floor some 2500 feet (760 m) below creating a sheer vertical face unable to support substantial plant life.
 Porteño Lake (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈlaɣo porˈteɲo]) is a lake in Chilean Patagonia. Current scientific analysis indicates this surface water body was considerably more extensive in the early Holocene.
 The Tarra River is a river of Colombia. It drains into Lake Maracaibo via the Catatumbo River.
 Lake Tugalo is a 597-acre (2.42 km2) reservoir with 18 miles (29 km) of shoreline located in the northeastern Georgia in Habersham and Rabun counties but also lies partially in Oconee County South Carolina. It is the fifth lake in a six-lake series created by hydroelectric dams operated by Georgia Power that follows the original course of the Tallulah River.
 Mount Ogden is a peak in Weber County Utah in the northern Wasatch Range.Mount Ogden has an elevation of 9570 feet (2917 m). The peak is popular with hikers particularly in its three main canyons: Beus Waterfall and Taylor Canyons. The mountain’s east face has some good technical crack and face climbing routes. The summit features several large radio towers and a helipad.Mount Ogden is home to Snowbasin ski resort where the 2002 Olympics downhill ski races were held.
 This article is about the bay in northern New Zealand. For the similarly named region which surrounds the bay see Bay of Plenty Region.The Bay of Plenty also known as Te Moana-a-Toi is a large indentation in the northern coast of New Zealand's North Island. It stretches from the Coromandel Peninsula in the west to Cape Runaway in the east a wide stretch of some 259 km of open coastline.
 Monte Penna is a mountain (1735 m) on the border between Liguria and Emilia-Romagna northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is included in the Natural Regional Park of the Aveto and overlooks the Val di Taro; the sources of both the Taro and Ceno Rivers are located in Monte Penna's slope.The name derives from the ancient Celtic deity Penn who was believed to reside here by the Ligures.
 Mont Forel is the highest mountain in Greenland that lies outside the area surrounding its absolute highest mountain Gunnbjørn Fjeld. It is located just north of the Arctic Circle north of Ammassalik Island in the Sermersooq municipality. Its elevation is 3383 metres (11099 ft).
 Sapphire Lake is a lake located in the Trinity Alps Wilderness area in Northern California. The lake sits in a granite bowl where it is fed by rainwater that runs down the surrounding mountains. Sapphire Lake sits just southwest of and approximately 300 feet above Emerald Lake. The surface of the lake is 5882 feet above sea level.Visitors can access the lake by hiking the Stuart Fork Trail and continuing past Emerald Lake.
 Lake Nakuru is one of the Rift Valley soda lakes at an elevation of 1754 m above sea level. It lies to the south of Nakuru in the rift valley of Kenya and is protected by Lake Nakuru National Park.The lake's abundance of algae attracts the vast quantity of flamingos that famously line the shore. Other birds also flourish in the area as do warthogs baboons and other large mammals.
 The Big Wainihinihi River is a river in the Westland district of New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Taramakau River.
 Lake Biograd (Montenegrin: Biogradsko jezero Биоградско језеро) is a lake in Kolašin municipality in northern Montenegro. It is a glacial lake located on the Bjelasica Mountain within Biogradska Gora national park.
 The Naranjo de Bulnes (known as Picu Urriellu in Asturian) is a limestone peak dating from the paleozoic era located in the Macizo Central region of the Picos de Europa Asturias (Spain). Its name Picu Urriellu is believed to be derived from the term Los Urrieles which is used to describe the Macizo Central.
 The Tickfaw River /ˈtɪkfɔː/ runs 113 miles (182 km) from Amite County in southwest Mississippi to Livingston Parish in southeast Louisiana. Its mouth opens into Lake Maurepas which conjoins with Lake Pontchartrain.Alternate/historical names and spellings:Rio De San VicenteRio De TickfawRio Go TickfohaRiviere TicfohaTicfaw RiverTickfah RiverTickfaw Creek↑ ↑ ↑
 Lake Cunningham Park is an artificial lake in East San Jose California near the Eastridge Mall and Eastridge Transit Center. It is not a geological feature recognized in the Geographic Names Information System (GNIS). It is located on Capitol Expressway and stands next to Reid-Hillview Airport.
 The Gamburtsev Mountain Range (also known as the Gamburtsev Subglacial Mountains) is a subglacial mountain range located in Eastern Antarctica near Dome A. The range was discovered by the 3rd Soviet Antarctic Expedition in 1958 and is named for Soviet geophysicist Grigoriy A. Gamburtsev. It is approximately 1200 kilometres (750 mi) long and the mountains are believed to be about 2700 metres (8900 ft) high although they are completely covered by over 600 metres (2000 ft) of ice and snow.
 The Boho Caves (pronounced /ˈboʊ/ BOH from Irish: Botha meaning huts) are a selection of caves centred on the village of Boho County Fermanagh on the northern slopes of Belmore Mountain. They encompass the main Boho Cave and the smaller Waterfall Cave and Upper and Lower Ravine Caves.
 Zagożdżonka is a river of Poland.
 The Grămești River is a tributary of the Verehia River in Romania.
 For other lakes with the same name see Ellis Lake (disambiguation)Located in Marysville California Ellis Lake has been the most memorable centerpiece of the City of Marysville since the 1930s. It is a sparkling man-made lake surrounded by lush greenery and sidewalks with flocks of ducks geese and a variety of other birds. Feeding the geese has been a recreational activity enjoyed by the Yuba-Sutter Area at the lake for years as well as boating and fishing.
 Censorinus is a tiny lunar impact crater located on a rise to the southeast of the Mare Tranquillitatis. To the northeast is the crater Maskelyne.Censorinus is distinguished by an area of high-albedo material surrounding the rim. This makes the feature highly prominent when the Sun is at a high angle and it is one of the brightest objects on the visible Moon.
 The Carrick River is a river of Fiordland close to the southwesternmost point of New Zealand's South Island. Its course is predominantly southward and passes through numerous small lakes (most notably Lake Victor before reaching the sea at the islet Cove arm of Cunaris Sound.
 Gilmore Lake in California is a backcountry lake in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe in the Desolation Wilderness. It can be reached by hiking west out of the Glen Alpine Springs trailhead near the town of South Lake Tahoe. This lake offers great fishing for Lake trout.
 The Henley River is a river in Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. The river is in the Hudson Bay drainage basin and is a left tributary of the Albany River. From 1768 until 1850 the majority of its existence the Hudson's Bay Company Henley House was at the mouth of the river; prior to that it was on the opposite (left) bank to the confluence of the Kenogami River with the Albany River just 8 miles (13 km) upstream.
 The King George VI Reservoir in England lies to the south of Stanwellmoor near Stanwell and Heathrow. The reservoir was opened in November 1947 and named after the then reigning monarch King George VI. It is owned by Thames Water.The reservoir occupies 350 acres (1.4 km2) and holds 3493 million imperial gallons (15880000 m³). Its maximum height above the original ground level is 56 ft (17 m).
 Matajur is a 1642 m tall mountain in the Julian Alps on the border between Italy and Slovenia. It is located on the border between the Isonzo valley and the Italian mountainous region known as Venetian Slovenia with views over the Adriatic Sea. Its prominence is 1385 m. On 26th of October 1917 Oberleutnant Erwin Rommel captured the mountain with 100 men against an Italian force of over 7000.
 Clagett Butte el. 8041 feet (2451 m) is a mountain peak butte in the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park. Clagett Butte is an isolated summit 1.9 miles (3.1 km) west of Mammoth Hot Springs between Clematis Creek and Snow Pass. The Snow Pass trail passes approximately .33 miles (0.53 km) south of the butte.Clagett Butte was named in 1926 by park photographer Jack Ellis Haynes and then superintendent Horace Albright to honor William H.
 The Făgețel River is a tributary of the Păuşa River in Romania.
 The current Cannock Extension Canal is a 1.8-mile (2.9 km) canal in England. It runs from Pelsall Junction on the Wyrley and Essington Canal north to Norton Canes Docks and forms part of the Birmingham Canal Navigations. Historically it ran to Hednesford and served a number of collieries which provided the main traffic. It opened in 1863 and the northern section closed in 1963 as a result of mining subsidence.
 Bachwiesengraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Ljusnan is a forest river in Northern Värmland Sweden. The river spring is near the Norwegian border.
 The Mamoré is a large river in Bolivia and Brazil which unites with the Beni to form the Madeira one of the largest tributaries of the Amazon. It rises on the northern slope of the Sierra de Cochabamba east of the city of Cochabamba and is known as the Chimoré down to its junction with the Chapare. Its larger tributaries are the Chapare Secure Apere and Yacuma from the west and the Ichilo Guapay Ivari Manique and Guapore from the east.
 The Băzăvan River is a tributary of the Dâlga River in Romania.
 Tunkhannock Creek is a 42.3-mile-long (68.1 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in northeastern Pennsylvania United States. The portion of the Susquehanna from Sunbury to its source at Otsego Lake near Cooperstown New York is sometimes termed its North Branch.English translations of the Lenni-Lenape Tunkhannock vary including meeting of the waters small stream wilderness stream and wooded stream.
 The Ortelec River is a tributary of the Agrij River in Romania.
 Großer Riesenkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Monteixo is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an height of 2905 metres.The village of Àreu is located at the foot of the mountain.Together with Pic de Norís (2820 m) and Lo Sentinella (2562 m) Monteixo is part of a mountain chain that surrounds Lake d'Aixeus a glacial lake at an altitude of 2400m.
 The Gârdomanu River is a tributary of the Scurtu River in Romania.
 The Silvaș River is a tributary of the Nadăş River in Romania.
 The Clavijo River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Greyrock Mountain elevation 7613 ft (2320 m) is a summit in the Laramie Mountains northwest of Fort Collins in northern Colorado. The summit in the Roosevelt National Forest can be reached via the popular Greyrock Mountain National Recreation Trail.
 The Marwees is a mountain in the Alpstein massif of the Appenzell Alps located south of Schwende in the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden. It lies on the range east of the Altmann between the valleys of the Seealpsee and the Sämtisersee.
 The Pletschuhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking the Turtmanntal in the canton of Valais. It is composed of several summits of which the highest has an elevation of 2751 metres.The closest locality is Gruben on the east side of the mountain.
 Sissa River is a river of Flores Indonesia.
 Nong Han Kumphawapi (Thai: หนองหานกุมภวาปี pronounced [nɔ̌ːŋ hǎːn kumpʰawaːpiː] often just Nong Han lit. Goose wetland) is a lake in Northeast Thailand located north of the town Kumphawapi Kumphawapi district Udon Thani Province.The lake is very shallow mostly not exceeding a depth of 1 meter. The open water area of 1.7 km² is surrounded by a wetland covering 4.1 km² including paddy fields.In 2001 the lake was declared a wetland of international importance by the Thai government.
 Thompson Peak at 10751 feet (3277 m) above sea level is the highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The summit of Thompson Peak is located within Custer County although some of the lower portion of the mountain is in Boise County. Thompson Peak is also located within the Sawtooth Wilderness portion of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area a unit of Sawtooth National Forest.
 Copperlode Dam or Lake Morris is a fresh water reservoir dam servicing the city of Cairns Queensland Australia. The dam is located in the range immediately west of the city.
 Federov is a tiny lunar impact crater located in the western Mare Imbrium. It lies east-northeast of the crater Diophantus and southeast of Delisle. About 20 kilometers to the south-southeast is the slightly larger formation of Artsimovich.This crater is slightly elongated and oddly shaped[citation needed] with a ridge on the northern side. This ridge is about as large around the base as Federov crater and rises about 0.8 km above the surrounding lunar mare.
 The Râul Cătunului is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 Gruttbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Brasta is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 5.3 kilometres and has a basin area of 18.5 km².
 Mount Emmons is a peak in the U.S. state of Colorado.It was named for geologist Samuel Franklin Emmons.
 The Collie River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.The river was named after Dr Alexander Collie who along with Lt. William Preston was the first European explorer to find the river in 1829.The Collie River Catchment is located in the south-west of Western Australia it covers over 3000 km² and includes the Wellington Reservoir.
 Greenfield Reservoir is a reservoir in the Saddleworth parish of the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham in Greater Manchester in the English Peak District. Lying within the historic boundaries of the West Riding of Yorkshire it is named after Greenfield which the reservoir lies above. It is on the edge of the Peak District National Park near the A635 road on Saddleworth Moor. It is above the Yeoman Hey Reservoir which in turn feeds into Dovestone Reservoir.
 Kibal'chich is a crater on the Moon's far side. It lies to the northeast of the large walled plain Korolev and is attached to the southeastern outer rim of the crater Tsander.The rim of Kibal'chich is slightly eroded and the shared border with Tsander has produced a straightened rim along the northwest side. But the edge remains well-defined and the inner walls display some terrace-like shelves.
 The Ruda River is a tributary of the Luncoiu River in Romania.
 The Jerbelova River is a tributary of the Cladova river in Romania.
 Mount Edwards elevation 13856 ft (4223 m) is a summit in the Front Range of central Colorado. The mountain is southwest of Silver Plume in the Arapaho National Forest.
 The Kettleman Hills is a low mountain range of the interior California Coast Ranges in western Kings County California. It is a northwest-southeast trending line of hills about 30 miles long which parallels the San Andreas Fault to the west.The Kettleman Hills are named and misspelled after Dave Kettelman a pioneer sheep and cattle rancher who grazed his animals there in the 1860s.
 Noshaq (or Nowshak) is the second highest independent peak of the Hindu Kush Range after Tirich Mir (7492 m (24580 ft)) and lies on the border between Badakhshan Province in Afghanistan and Pakistan. The north and west sides of the mountain are in Afghanistan whereas the south and eastern sides are in Pakistan. Noshaq is Afghanistan's highest mountain and is located in the northeastern corner of the country along the Durand line which marks the border with Pakistan.
 Anahim Peak sometimes mistakenly called Anaheim is a volcanic cone in the Anahim Volcanic Belt in British Columbia Canada located 39 km (24 mi) northwest of Anahim Lake and 11 km (7 mi) east of Tsitsutl Peak. It was formed when the North American Plate moved over a hotspot similar to the one feeding the Hawaiian Islands called the Anahim hotspot.
 The Watzmann (Austro-Bavarian: Watzmaun) is a mountain in the Bavarian Alps south of the village of Berchtesgaden.
 Chiaksan is a mountain in the province of Gangwon-do South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Wonju and the county of Hoengseong. Chiaksan has an elevation of 1288 m (4226 ft).
 Djebel Chélia (Arabic: جبل شيليا‎) is a mountain in Algeria. It is the highest point in the Aurès Mountains which straddle the border between Algeria and Tunisia and it is the second highest peak in Algeria after Mount Tahat. Djebel Chélia is situated in the west of Khenchela in Bouhmama county.
 The Chaîne des Puys is a north-south oriented chain of cinder cones lava domes and maars in the Massif Central of France. The chain is about 40 km (25 mi) long and the identified volcanic features include 48 cinder cones eight lava domes and 15 maars and explosion craters. Its highest point is the lava dome of Puy de Dôme located near the middle of the chain.
 Ľadový štít (translated into English as Ice Peak) is the third highest of the Tatra Mountains in Slovakia and in the whole 1500 km (930 mi) long Carpathian mountain chain as well as in northern and eastern Central Europe.
 Priestley is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon from the Earth in the low southern latitudes. It lies to the southeast of the flooded crater Kugler.This is a worn crater with a rim and inner wall that have been softened and have lost the sharp features of a young crater. The satellite crater Priestley X lies across the northern rim and part of the inner wall. There is a small relatively fresh crater on the inner wall to the south-southwest.
 The Parpaner Schwarzhorn is a mountain of the Plessur Alps overlooking Parpan in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of the Parpaner Weisshorn.
 Milestone Mountain is a thirteener on the Great Western Divide a sub-range of the Sierra Nevada. The summit marks a point on the boundary between Sequoia and Kings Canyon national parks. It is 0.6 miles (0.97 km) south of Midway Mountain and 3.8 miles (6.1 km) northeast of Triple Divide Peak. It takes its name from the shape of the obelisk on its peak and has been called this since at least 1873.
 Strines Reservoir is a water storage reservoir situated at 53.4099°N 1.6557°W﻿ / 53.4099; -1.6557﻿ (Strines_Reservoir) it lies 8 miles (13 km) west of the centre of Sheffield in South Yorkshire England.
 The Blind (Otuwhero) River is a small river in the Marlborough district of New Zealand. It flows into Clifford Bay 4km north of Lake Grassmere.A small settlement named Blind River is located on its south bank.
 The Hemavati (Kannada ಹೇಮಾವತಿ ) is a river in Karnataka India an important tributary of the Kaveri.
 Lower Smoky Dome Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County Idaho United States located in the Soldier Mountains in the Sawtooth National Forest. No trails lead to the lake and it is in the Smoky Dome Lakes basin northeast of Smoky Dome which is the highest peak in the Soldier Mountains.
 Galkhauser Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Laguna Cáceres is a lake in Germán Busch Province Santa Cruz Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 150 m its surface area is 26.5 to 200 km².
 Batán River is a river of northern Colombia. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 Goode Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the east slopes of Goode Mountain. Goode Glacier is a hanging glacier and is broken into several sections descending from 7200 to 5800 ft (2200 to 1800 m). Goode Glacier sits more than 2800 ft (850 m) below the summit of Goode Mountain the tallest peak in North Cascades National Park.
 This article is about the Wanganui River in the South island of New Zealand. For the river of the southwestern North Island formerly called the Wanganui see Whanganui RiverThe Wanganui River is located in the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand.
 The Ereș River is a tributary of the Valea Limpede River in Romania.
 Lake Mweru Wantipa (also spelled 'Mweru-wa-Ntipa' and also called 'Mweru Marsh') is a lake and swamp system in the Northern Province of Zambia. It has been regarded in the past as something of mystery displaying fluctuations in water level and salinity which were not entirely explained by variation in rainfall levels; it has been known to dry out almost completely.
 Roc del Comptador is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1451 metres above sea level.
 The Wollbachspitze is a mountain in the Zillertal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Coal Creek is a tributary of the Clinch River in Tennessee approximately 10.3 miles (16.6 km) long. Coal Creek flows northward along the southeastern base of Cross Mountain slicing a narrow valley in which the communities of Briceville and Fraterville are located to Lake City a town formerly named Coal Creek at the base of the Cumberland Plateau.
 Kékes is Hungary's highest mountain at 1014 metres (3327 ft) above sea level. It lies 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) northeast of Gyöngyös in the Mátra range of Heves county. It is Hungary's third most popular tourist attraction after Lake Balaton and the Danube and has a number of hotels and skiing pistes. The Kékestető TV Tower stands at the summit.The name Kékes is derived from the mountain's often bluish colour. In Hungarian the word kék means 'blue' while kékes means implicitly 'bluish'.
 Lake Arrowhead is an artificial lake located in the San Bernardino Mountains on Little Bear Creek a tributary of Deep Creek and the Mojave River. It has a surface area of approximately 780 acres (320 ha) and a capacity of 48000 acre·ft (59000 dam3).
 The lake Sigöldulón is a reservoir in Iceland also known as Krókslón. Situated in the south of the country not far from Landmannalaugar it is one of the country's 20 largest lakes at 14 km².Both the lake and the nearby power station (Sigölduvirkjun) take their names from a tuff ridge at about 600 m above sea level where the river Tungnaá once passed through a canyon. Its waters now flow in tubes into the power station constructed between 1973 and 1977.
 Smoke Lake is a lake in northwest Alberta within the Municipal District of Greenview No. 16. It is located southwest of Fox Creek approximately 9 km (5.6 mi) from Highway 43.
 Rgajska planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Ргајска планина pronounced [r̩̂ɡaːjskaː planǐna]) is a mountain in southern Serbia near the town of Prokuplje. Its highest peak has an elevation of 1017 meters above sea level.
 Juri Quta (Aymara juri mud foul water dull wet quta lake mud lake or dull lake  hispanicized spellings Juri Kkota Juri Khota Juri Kota Yuri Kkota) is a lake in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Pukarani Municipality Wayna Potosí Canton. It is situated at a height of about 4932 metres (16181 ft) south west of the Kunturiri massif and west of lake Ch'iyar Quta.
 Hidden Creek Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the northwest slope of Hagan Mountain. Retreat of this glacier from 1979 to 2005 exposed several rock outcroppings in the middle of the glacier. The terminus of Hidden Creek Glacier only retreated 50 m (160 ft) between 1979 and 2011 however the increase in area of exposed rock outcroppings in the middle of the glacier indicates rapid thinning.
 Lake Bumbunga (33°54′S 138°11′E) is a salt lake located in South Australia's Mid North near the towns of Lochiel and Bumbunga.According to anthropologist Norman Tindale the name was derives from the Parnpangka (local indigenous) term for 'rain water lake'.Salt has been mined at the salt extraction works since 1912.The lake is fed by surrounding hills including the Hummocks Range.[citation needed]
 Fresh Pond is a reservoir and park in Cambridge Massachusetts.
 Ilfjellet is a mountain in the municipality Rennebu in Sør-Trøndelag Norway. It is located in the northeastern part of the municipality about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) north of the municipal center of Berkåk and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of Å in Meldal. The mountain is 1218 metres (3996 ft) tall.
 Missisa Lake is a remote lake of northern Ontario Canada located in Cochrane District.
 The Mitchell's Caverns within the Mitchell Caverns Natural Preserve are a trio of limestone caves located on the east side of the Providence Mountains at an elevation of 4300 feet (1300 m) within the Providence Mountains State Recreation Area. They are located in the Mojave Desert at the north-western end of Essex Road off of Interstate 40 (Needles Freeway) in San Bernardino County California.
 Rumbach (Ruhr) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Colville River is a 60 mile (100 km) long tributary of the Columbia River in northeastern Washington in the United States.
 The Arta Mountains also known as the Great Mountains of Arta are a mountain range in Djibouti. They sit at an average elevation of 700 metres (2300 ft) above sea level. The mountains lie to the south of the Gulf of Tadjoura in the Arta Region. They are situated approximately 35 kilometres (21 mi) west of the capital Djibouti City and 69 kilometres (43 mi) by road from Ali Sabieh.
 The Valea Merelor River is a tributary of the Mag river in Romania.
 The Valea Seacă River is one of the two branches forming the Valea Neagră River in Romania
 Belaya River (Russian: Бе́лая; Bashkir: Ағиҙел [ä.ʁi̠.ˈðɪ̞l] About this sound pronunciation ; Tatar Cyrillic: Агыйдел Latin: Ağidel [ˌʌɣiˈdel]) is a river in Bashkortostan Russian Federation. Its source lies in the south-western Ural Mountains. Its length is 1210 km (700 mi).Settlements along the Belaya include Beloretsk Sterlitamak Ufa (at the confluence with the Ufa River) and Birsk. The Belaya flows into the Kama River near Neftekamsk.
 The Pula River is a river of Ecuador.
 Lake Assad (Arabic: بحيرة الأسد‎ Buhayrat al-Assad) is a reservoir on the Euphrates in Ar-Raqqah Governorate Syria. It was created in 1974 when the Tabqa Dam was closed. Lake Assad is Syria’s largest lake with a maximum capacity of 11.7 cubic kilometres (2.8 cu mi) and a maximum surface area of 610 square kilometres (240 sq mi). A vast network of canals uses water from Lake Assad to irrigate lands on both sides of the Euphrates.
 The Chițiu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters Pârleele and Corbu
 Nechí River is a river of northwestern Colombia. It flows into the Cauca River. Nechí River rises in the municipality of Yarumal and serves as a boundary between the municipalities of Antioquia Campamento Angostura Anorí Yarumal Valdivia Tarazá Cáceres Zaragoza El Bagre Caucasia and Nechí. Significant gold deposits have been found in the area.
 The Vranița River or Valea Cuțitelor River or Valea Cutiilor River is a tributary of the Cusuiuș River in Romania.
 The Grand Darray (also spelled Grand Darrey) (3514 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif located north of La Fouly in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range east of the Aiguille de l'A Neuve between the Saleina Glacier and the main Ferret valley.
 Chulyshman River (Russian: Чулышман) is a river in Altai Republic in Russia. The length of the river is 241 km. The area of its basin is 16800 km². The Chulyshman flows into Lake Teletskoye. It freezes up during late October - early December and stays icebound until late March - early May. Its main tributary is the Bashkaus River.
 The Swan River is located in the Canadian provinces of Manitoba and Saskatchewan. The river and several other features in the area are named after the Trumpeter Swans found in the region.
 Tumiã River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Port Tobacco River is a tidal tributary of the Potomac River located in Charles County Maryland in the United States. The river is approximately 4.2 miles (6.8 km) in length. Port Tobacco the county seat of Charles County from 1658 to 1895 was an active port until that portion of the river became silted and unnavigable. When the railroad bypassed the town business declined and the county seat was moved to La Plata.
 The Arşiţa River is a tributary of the Motnău River in Romania.
 The Seal River is a river in the Northern Region of Manitoba Canada. It travels 260 kilometres (160 mi) from Shethanei Lake to the Hudson Bay. The river was nominated for the Canadian Heritage Rivers System in 1987 and was officially listed in 1992.
 The Chistenstein (2473 m) is a mountain of the Plessur Alps overlooking Küblis in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It lies just west of the Durannapass (2117 m).
 Knaupenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Haju River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Rânjeu River is a tributary of the Voineșița River in Romania.
 The Pointe du Tsaté is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Les Haudères in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Hérens and Moiry (part of Val d'Anniviers). On its east side is the lake of Moiry.
 Mount Silisili is the highest peak in Samoa and the Samoa Islands chain. It is located in the centre of a mountain chain running the length of Savai'i island. Mount Silisili rises to a height of 1858 m. The word silisili means highest in reference to height in the Samoan language.Savai'i is the largest shield volcano island in the South Pacific.
 The Langpangkong Range is a mountain range in Nagaland India. It one of the six major mountain ranges inhabited by the Ao people. It is located between the valleys of the Dikhu and Milak rivers in the Mokokchung District. An Ahom king who escaped from his capital (the present-day Sibsagar in Assam) due to court intrigues and rivalries is believed to have taken refuge here.
 The Førde Fjord (Norwegian: Førdefjorden) is a fjord in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is the longest of all the fjords in the traditional district of Sunnfjord. It passes through the municipalities of Førde Naustdal Askvoll and Flora. The fjord begins at the town of Førde at the estuary of the river Jølstra which comes from the lake Jølstravatn.
 Geiselstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Fork Stream is a river in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It arises in the Gamack Range and flows south-east into the Tekapo River which exits at Lake Benmore and eventually via the Waitaki River into the Pacific Ocean. Fraser Stream is a tributary. A high proportion of the stream's flow comes from snow melt.There are trout in the stream.
 Piz Fliana is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located south of Piz Buin in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
 The Mândrila River is a tributary of the Bahrin River in Romania.
 The Nicolet River (French: Rivière Nicolet) is a river in Quebec Canada. It is a tributary of the Saint Lawrence River on its southern shore and flows from Lake Saint Pierre. It is named in honor of the pioneer Jean Nicolet.It has several tributaries including the River Bulstrode and the Nicolet River Southwest. Its watershed is mainly in the Centre-du-Québec region although the Southwest Nicolet rises in Estrie. The city of Nicolet is near its mouth.
 The Ayers Island Reservoir is an impoundment located on the Pemigewasset River in central New Hampshire United States in the towns of Bristol and New Hampton.
 Almirantazgo Fjord (Spanish: Fiordo Almirantazgo) also known as Almirantazgo Sound (Spanish: Seno Almirantazgo) or Admiralty Sound is a Chilean fjord located in the far south of the country at 54°19′S 69°30′W. The fjord cuts deeply into the west coast of the Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego extending southeastwards from the Whiteside Channel which separates Isla Grande from Dawson Island.
 Wasa Mayu (Quechua wasa the human back or the back of an animal mayu river back river hispanicized spelling Huasa Mayu) is a Bolivian river in the Cochabamba Department Tiraque Province Tiraque Municipality and in the Carrasco Province. It is a left tributary of Ivirizu River the most important affluent of San Matéo River.
 Long Lake is a lake in the municipality of Kearney in the Almaguin Highlands region of Central Ontario Canada. The lake is located in the part of Kearney located within the territorial district of Nipissing but is however politically located in Parry Sound District. Geographically Kearney spans both districts but politically Kearney is located just in Parry Sound.The lake is about 1 km long and varies in width from about 300 m in the north to no more than 50 m in the south.
 The Varasău River is a tributary of the Valea Fânețelor in Romania.
 Gunstock Mountain is the second highest peak in the Belknap Mountains of central New Hampshire with an elevation greater than 2240 feet (683 m). It is located 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Belknap Mountain the highest point in the range. It is also the home to Gunstock Mountain Resort ski area.
 The Deadman Hills are a low mountain range in the central Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County southern California.The hills define the eastern side of Apple Valley both the landform and community. California State Route 18 passes through the southern end of the range en route to the Lucerne Valley to the east.
 Dwarakeswar River (Bengali: দ্বারকেশ্বর নদ) (also known as Dhalkisor) is a major river in the western part of West Bengal.
 The Cosson is a 97 km (60 mi) long river in central France right tributary of the river Beuvron. Its source is near the village Vannes-sur-Cosson in Sologne. The Cosson flows through the following departments and communes: Loiret: La Ferté-Saint-Aubin La Ferté-Saint-Cyr Loir-et-Cher: Vineuil Candé-sur-BeuvronThe château de Chambord is built in one curve of the Cosson. The Cosson flows into the river Beuvron in Candé-sur-Beuvron less than 1 km (0.62 mi) from its confluence with the Loire.
 The Bryan Mountains are a small mountain range in the northwestern Sonoran Desert of southwestern Arizona. The range is located in southeastern Yuma County about 75 mi southeast of Yuma and about 35 mi west of Ajo. The range is approximately ten miles long and about three miles wide at its widest point. The highpoint of the range is 1794 feet (547 meters) above sea level and is located at 32°18'27N 113°22'46W (NAD 1983 datum).
 The Novăcel River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Pointe de Tierce is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Graian Alps range. It has an elevation of 2973 metres above sea level.
 Deutergraben is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Suárez Lake is a lake in the Cercado Province Beni Department Bolivia. Its surface area is 6 km² and it is a short distance southwest of Trinidad City.
 The Stăncioaia River is a tributary of the Jigărea River in Romania.
 The Bodrog is a river in eastern Slovakia and north-eastern Hungary. It is a tributary to the river Tisza. The Bodrog is formed by the confluence of the rivers Ondava and Latorica near Zemplin (village) in eastern Slovakia.
 Peles (Russian: Пелес) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Chyornaya River which in turn is a tributary of Veslyana River. The length of the river is 27 km. The source of the river is located in extreme west of Gaynsky District of Perm Krai near its border with Komi Republic 10 km southwest of the settlement of Peles about 219 m above sea level. Its mouth is located about 8 km west of the settlement of Chernorechensky 171 m above sea level.
 Maple Lake is a lake in the southern portion of Haliburton County Ontario Canada. Maple Lake is located north-east of Carnarvon and north-west of Haliburton and is easily reached via Highway 118 on its southern shores and North Shore Road for northern lakeshore access. The lake is annually stocked with Lake Trout. Anglers also fish for whitefish largemouth and smallmouth bass. A population of muskie does also exist in the lake although fishing for this is generally fairly slow.
 The East Pahranagat Range is a Lincoln County Nevada mountain range in the Muddy River Watershed.[1]
 Prandtl is an impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies across the southeastern outer rim of the huge walled plain Planck.This crater is roughly circular but with an outward bulge to the south-southeast. The rim is worn but still retains a well-defined edge. Several small craterlets lie along the rim and inner wall the most notable being a pair of small craters along the eastern side and a small eroded crater intruding slightly along the south.
 The Lotrișoara Mare River or Valea Cailor River or Lotriorul River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Pârâul lui Albu and Danca.
 Cedar Lake is a lake on the west side of Minneapolis north of Lake Calhoun and west of Lake of the Isles. The lake is surrounded by parkland on the west side while the east side borders the Kenwood residential area. The north side is bordered by the Cedar Lake Trail and the BNSF Railway.
 Allersee is a lake in Wolfsburg Lower Saxony Germany. At an elevation of 57 m its surface area is 0.29 km².
 The Ucișoara River is a tributary of the Ucea River in Romania.
 Dôme de la Sache is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3601 metres above sea level.
 Langdale Dam is a lowhead dam on the Chattahoochee River just south of Langdale Alabama. The dam was built in 1908 to provide electricity for the former Langdale Mills and is now owned and operated by Georgia Power. It produces an average of 1 megawatt of hydroelectric power.The river here lies entirely on the Georgia side of the state line but the dam itself does enter into Alabama territory.
 Lago dell'Ancipa is a reservoir in the Province of Enna and the Province of Messina Sicily Italy. At an elevation of 944 m its surface area is 1.39 km².
 Lone Cone is a mountain located 6 km (4 mi) north of Tofino and 7 km (4 mi) northwest of Mount Colnett on the western peninsula of Meares Island British Columbia Canada. The mountain has always been a noticeable landmark to all inhabitants with its looming presence on the north end of Meares Island. The early pioneers believed that if there were clouds blocking the summit then there would be approaching good weather.Lone Cone is composed of igneous rock of the Catface Intrusions.
 Perhaps the most impressive peak in the Bugaboos Bugaboo Spire sits between the Vowell and Crescent glaciers just under 2 km West of the ACC's Conrad Kain hut. It has some of the most spectacular alpine climbing in Canada.The Spire was first climbed by Conrad Kain in 1916.
 Surigao Strait (Filipino: Kipot ng Surigaw) is a strait in the southern Philippines between the Bohol Sea and the Leyte Gulf of the Philippine Sea.
 The Cordillera Oriental (English: East Andes) is the widest of the three branches of the Colombian Andes. The range extends from south to north dividing from the Colombian Massif in Huila Department to Norte de Santander Department where it splits into the Serranía del Perijá and the Cordillera de Mérida in Venezuela. The highest peak is Ritacubo Blanco at 5410 m (17750 ft) in the Sierra Nevada del Cocuy.
 Liverpool Offtake Reservoir is a small reservoir in Cecil Hills New South Wales.
 Cranberry Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Piotruś (also Petrus Petros) is a 727-metre (2385 ft) tall mountain in the Beskid Dukielski range Poland. Beskid Dukielski forms the middle of the Low Beskids in the Western Carpathian Mountains.Piotruś is the highest mountain of the Beskid Dukielski. A tourist trail passes through the mountain. Its most prominent characteristic is a stream and pond related to the Saint John of Dukla.
 South Cascade Lake is a glacial lake in Washington. It is the source of the South Fork Cascade River. It is fed directly by the meltwater of the South Cascade Glacier.
 Peatrig Hill is a minor hill in Scotland located about 15 km south-southeast of Edinburgh.
 Lewis Smith Lake is a reservoir in north Alabama. Located on the Sipsey Fork of the Black Warrior River the lake covers over 21000 acres (85 km2) in Cullman Walker and Winston counties. The three-fingered lake has over 500 miles (800 km) of shoreline and at full pool has a level of 510 feet (160 m).The lake was created by Alabama Power with the construction of the Lewis Smith Dam.
 The Stilaro (in antiquity the Elleporus; in Calabrian dialect Stilaru) is an Italian river which runs through Bivongi Pazzano and Stilo in the Province of Reggio Calabria Calabria and along with the river gives its name to the Vallata dello Stilaro Allaro the valley through which it flows.
 The River Dysynni (Welsh: Afon Dysynni) is a river in mid Wales.
 Slieveboy (Irish: Sliabh Buí) is a mountain located in north County Wexford Ireland. It rises directly above the village of Askamore midway between Carnew and Camolin. The mountain is except for the area around the summit completely covered in forest. There is a network of forest roads on the hill and two communication masts on the summit.It is never called 'Slieveboy' by locals but always its Irish form which is pronounced 'Shleeav Bwee'.
 Corral Bay is a bay in the mouth of the Valdivia River southern Chile. Its main towns are Corral and Niebla. The mouth of the bay is between Juan Latorre point and Morro Gonzalo with a width of 5.5 km. All the year the bay is transited by merchant transport and fish boats. The bay is famous for being one of the most fortified bays in Spanish America in colonial time (see: Valdivian Fort System).
 Mapi River is a river in southern West Papua Indonesia.
 Shternberg is an eroded lunar impact crater on the Moon's far side. It lies just to the west-northwest of the crater Ohm and is completely covered by higher-albedo material from the ray system that surrounds Ohm. To the west-southwest of Shternberg is Weyl and to the west-northwest is Comstock. Less than one crater diameter to the northeast of Shternberg is Comrie.This crater has been heavily worn and eroded by subsequent impacts.
 Knights Hill is a hill that is part of the Illawarra Range with an elevation of 709 metres (2326 ft) AMSL. The peak is located south of Albion Park and comprises several other small hills atop a plateau adjacent to the escarpment edge. Atop the plateau are TV antennae and a small farm. The name first appears in a map by Surveyor Hoddle after whom a track west of Kiama is named. He surveyed the region in the 19th century.
 The Polomestru River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
 Stevens Pass (elevation 4056 ft (1236 m)) is a mountain pass through the Cascade Mountains located at the border of King County and Chelan County in Washington United States. U.S. Highway 2 travels over the pass reaching a maximum elevation of 4061 feet (1238 m). The Pacific Crest Trail crosses the highway at Stevens Pass.
 Mount Dandenong (Aboriginal Woiwurrung language: Corhanwarrabul) is a mountain that is part of the Dandenong Ranges of the Great Dividing Range located in the Central Highlands region of Victoria Australia. The mountain has an elevation of 633 metres (2077 ft) AHD and is located approximately 65 kilometres (40 mi) northwest of Melbourne.
 Głównica is a river of Poland. It flows into the Baltic Sea.
 The Șoimuș River is a tributary of the Târnava River in Romania.
 The Cajàzeira River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Bauerngraben is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Peene Becque is a small river in Nord département in France. The word Peene may be related to the modern Dutch word Peen that refers to the wild carrot plant (Daucus carota) while becque is the transliteration of the Dutch word beek referring to a small stream (cf.
 The Whirinaki River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from the Waima Forest to reach the Hokianga Harbour.
 Auer Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The São Vitório River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Hurricane Mountain is a 3694-foot (1126 m) mountain near Keene in the north of the High Peaks region of the Adirondacks in New York USA. It has some of the most impressive views of any of the lesser peaks; this is due to its prominence and the fact that its summit was cleared by Verplanck Colvin in the course of his early survey of the Adirondacks.
 The Calul River is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 Paru Urqu (Quechua paru brownish grey-brown urqu mountain hispanicized spelling Parorjo) is a mountain in the Urupampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is situated in the Cusco Region Calca Province Lares District. Its summit is 4891 metres (16047 ft) above sea level. Paru Urqu is situated at the Lares trek north of the mountains Ch'iqun and Siriwani and west of the mountain Puka Urqu (red mountain). One of the nearest populated places is Kiswarani (Quishuarani).
 Kealia Pond National Wildlife Refuge is a coastal salt marsh along the south-central coast of the Hawaiian Island of Maui. The refuge is located between the towns of Kīhei and Māʻalaea on both sides of North Kihei Road Route 31.
 The Holmul River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat in Romania.
 The Sacramento Mountains are a mountain range in the south-central part of the U.S. state of New Mexico lying just east of Alamogordo in Otero County (small portions of the range lie in Lincoln County and Chaves County).
 Hafenlohr is a creek of around 25 km length that discharges into the Main at the town of Hafenlohr. The Hafenlohr is located in the districts of Aschaffenburg and Main-Spessart in the Lower Franconia region of Bavaria Germany.The stream is known for its scenic valley the Hafenlohrtal and the eponymous nature preserve providing a habitat for many endangered plants and animals.
 The Valea Roșie River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
 Medem is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Kawaura River (川浦川 Kawaura-gawa) has its source in the city of Minokamo Gifu Prefecture Japan. It then forms the border between Minokamo and Kawabe and flows through Tomika before flowing into the Tsubo River.
 Lake Rotorangi is the largest lake in the New Zealand region of Taranaki. The reservoir was created in 1984 by the damming of the Patea River.
 The Talomir River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Monte Civetta (3220 m) is a mountain in the Dolomites in the Province of Belluno in northern Italy.The north-western side of the mountain has a steep cliff more than 1000 m high. In 1925 Emil Solleder and Gustl Lettenbauer climbed a route on it which is historically considered the first sixth grade in six-tier scale of alpinistic difficulties proposed by Willo Welzenbach (corresponding to 5.9). Thirty years later UIAA used it as a basis for its grading system.
 Mount Hakamagoshi (袴腰山 Hakamagoshi-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Gepiș River or Valea Mirelui River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Klämmingen is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Pine Knob is a peak in the Allegheny Mountains of Pennsylvania. This mountain is a satellite peak of its larger neighbor Blue Knob. At 2704 ft (824 m) above sea level it is the lesser in elevation when compared to Schaefer Head (2950 ft) Round Knob (2791 ft) Cattle Knob (2842 ft) and Ritchey Knob (2865 ft).
 Kremnitz is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Pampaqucha (Quechua pampa a large plain qucha lake hispanicized spelling Pampacocha) or Rasuwillka is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Huanta Province Huanta District. It is situated at a height of about 4600 metres (15092 ft). Pampaqucha lies south of the mountains Rasuwillka and Quriwariwayrana (Corihuarihuairana) and the lake Chakaqucha southwest of the lake Yanaqucha and northwest of the lake Muruqucha. The nearest village is Qurpakancha (Corpacancha).
 The Bechet River is a tributary of the Ghimbav River in Romania.
 The Pampã River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Creanga Mare River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 The Izvor River is a tributary of the Cârcinov River in Romania.
 The William Girling Reservoir is located in the London Borough of Enfield and is part of the Lee Valley Reservoir Chain that supplies London with drinking water. It is named after William Girling OBE a chairman of the Metropolitan Water Board (MWB). The reservoir and the nearby King George V Reservoir are known collectively as the Chingford Reservoirs.
 Windischenbach (Pfedelbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lago di Chiusi is a lake in the Province of Siena Tuscany Italy. At an elevation of 251 m its surface area is 3.87 km².
 Lac de Saint-Cassien is a lake in Var France. At an elevation of 147 m its surface area is 3.7 km².
 Sarre (Börde) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Seefingan often spelt Seafingan (Irish: Suí Fingain meaning Fingan's Seat) is a mountain on the border between the counties of Dublin and Wicklow in Ireland. At 724 metres (2375 ft) it is the 11th highest summit in the Wicklow Mountains the second highest mountain in South Dublin after Kippure and the 92nd highest summit in Ireland. The mountain has a large megalithic cairn on its summit.
 Lake Jesup is one of the largest lakes in Central Florida one of many that make up the St. Johns River. Located in the heart of Seminole County along the middle basin of the St. Johns the lake encompasses an area of approximately 16000 acres (65 km²) including open water and floodplain. The lake boasts one of the longest free-standing bridges part of the Seminole Expressway which bisects the lake.
 The Herron River (Lower Tanana: K'otaal No’ or Tsatasronik) is a 48-mile (77 km) tributary of the Foraker River in central Alaska in the United States. It drains an area on the north slope of the Alaska Range on the south edge of the Tanana Valley southwest of Fairbanks.The river issues from Herron Glacier in the northern Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve northwest of Mount Foraker.
 Vierbach (Wehre) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Skull Valley of Utah is a 40-mi (64 km) long valley located in east Tooele County at the southwest of the Great Salt Lake.
 Presque Isle Bay is a natural bay located off the coast of Erie Pennsylvania United States. Its 5.8-square-mile (15 km2) embayment is about 4.6 miles (7.4 km) in length about 1.8 mi (2.9 km) across at its widest point and an average depth of about 20 feet (6.1 m). The bay is bounded on the north and west by a recurved peninsula that makes up Presque Isle State Park.
 Attawapiskat Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada. The primary inflows are the Otoskwin River the Marten-Drinking River and the Pineimuta River.
 The Kubena (Russian: Кубена) is a river in Konoshsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast and Vozhegodsky Syamzhensky Kharovsky Sokolsky and Ust-Kubinsky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is 368 kilometres (229 mi) long and the area of its basin 11000 square kilometres (4200 sq mi). The Kubena is the principal tributary of Lake Kubenskoye and belongs to the basins of the Sukhona River and the White Sea.
 Housedon Hill is a hill on the northwestern edge of the Cheviot Hills in Northumberland England. It is the northernmost Marilyn in England the summit lying only about 6 km away from the Scottish border which runs to the north and east.The hill lies just outside the boundary of the Northumberland National Park. Until recently there was no legal right of access to the hill.
 Blackdown Hill is a prominent elevation 215 metres (705 ft) high 8 kilometres southwest of the town of Crewkerne in the county of Dorset in southern England. Its prominence of 34 metres (112 ft) means it is listed as one of the Tumps. It is located within the Blackdown Hills.The open summit of the hill lies at the northern end of a mile-long north-south ridge.
 ʿAlam-Kūh (Persian: علم کوه‎; also: Alam Kooh) - Mount Alam - is a mountain in the Alborz mountain range in the north of Iran Mazandaran Province forming a peak of the Takht-e Suleyman Massif. It is located in the Kelardasht District of the Mazandaran Province of Iran. With an elevation of 4848 meters it is the second highest peak in Iran behind Mount Damavand.
 The Kerschbaum Saddle (German: Kerschbaumer Sattel) is a 1111 m AA high mountain pass between Alpbachtal and Zillertal in the Austrian federal state of Tyrol.
 The Criva River or Crivești River is a tributary of the Bahluieț River in Romania.
 The Guamá River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Frankford Creek is a minor tributary of the Delaware River in southeast Pennsylvania. It derived its name from the nearby town of Frankford Philadelphia County.
 Lac de Mauvoisin is a lake in the canton of Valais Switzerland. The reservoir is formed by the Mauvoisin Dam which is 250 m high. The dam is currently the 11th highest in the world and the 6th highest arch dam. It was built in 1951–1957 and raised by 13.5 m in 1991. The reservoir lies in the upper Val de Bagnes between the massif of the Grand Combin one of the highest mountains of the Alps and La Ruinette. The highest peak visible from the lake is the Combin de la Tsessette (4135 m).
 For other uses of this name see Fraser River (disambiguation).The Fraser River /ˈfreɪzər/ is the longest river within British Columbia Canada rising at Fraser Pass near Mount Robson in the Rocky Mountains and flowing for 1375 kilometres (854 mi) into the Strait of Georgia at the city of Vancouver. It is the tenth longest river in Canada. The river's annual discharge at its mouth is 112 km3 (27 cubic miles or 3550 m3/s) and it discharges 20 million tons of sediment into the ocean.
 Whitewater Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range on the east and northeast slopes of Mount Jefferson. Starting near the summit at an altitude over 10000 ft (3000 m) the glacier extends down to 7500 ft (2300 m). From north to south the glacier is nearly 2 mi (3.2 km) wide.
 Kaminak Lake (pronounced: KA-min-ak) is a lake in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. The sub-Arctic lake is one of eleven lakes of the Ferguson River system which ultimately flows into the northwestern Hudson Bay. The abandoned outpost of Tavani is 60 mi (97 km) to the east.
 Schlangenbach is a small river in Bavaria Germany.
 The Lala River is a tributary of the larger Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Nirajul Mare River is a headwater of the Niraj River in Romania. It joins the Nirajul Mic River in the village of Câmpu Cetăţii to form the Niraj River
 Achiri (Aymara) is a lake in the La Paz Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 3876 m its surface area is 2.8 km².
 Bass Strait /ˈbæs/ is a sea strait separating Tasmania from the Australian mainland specifically the state of Victoria.
 Aira Caldera (姶良カルデラ Aira-Karudera) is a gigantic volcanic caldera in the south of the island of Kyūshū Japan. The caldera was created by a massive eruption approximately 22000 years ago. Eruption of voluminous pyroclastic flows accompanied the formation of the 17 × 23 km-wide Aira caldera. Together with a large pumice fall these amounted to more than 400 km3 of tephra (VEI 7).The major city of Kagoshima and the 16000-year-old Sakurajima volcano lie within the caldera.
 Lake Winder is a 1496-acre (6 km2) lake in Brevard County and a small portion lies in Osceola County. The lake was named after U.S. Army Captain Edward Winder. Early in 1838 Winder was assigned to scout the area for Seminoles. He discovered Lake Poinsett. The smaller lake to the south was named after Winder. Lake Winder is the only lake in the St.
 Chuklya (Russian: Чукля) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Ruch River which in turn is a tributary of Veslyana River. The length of the river is 18 km. Main tributary in the Ydzhydvozh River (right).
 The Sugden Reservoir is a Massachusetts reservoir located in Spencer Massachusetts. It forms the headwaters of Shaw Brook which is a tributary to Turkey Hill Creek a major tributary to the Seven Mile River. This water body is part of the Chicopee River Watershed.
 McClure is a small lunar crater. It is located along the western edge of the Mare Fecunditatis due east of the prominent crater Colombo. To the north of McClure is the similar Crozier and to the southwest is the larger Cook. The outer rim is nearly circular and not significantly worn. The inner walls slope down to a somewhat irregular interior floor. McClure C is attached to the exterior of the northwest rim.
 Alamitos Creek or Los Alamitos Creek is a 7.7-mile-long (12.4 km) creek in San Jose California which becomes the Guadalupe River at its confluence with Guadalupe Creek at Lake Almaden Park. It is located in Almaden Valley and originates from the Los Capitancillos Ridge and the Santa Cruz Mountains. This creek flows through the Valley's Guadalupe Watershed which is owned by the Santa Clara Valley Water District.
 Calippus is a small lunar crater that is located on the eastern edge of the rugged Montes Caucasus mountain range in the northern part of the Moon. It lies to the southwest of the crater remnant Alexander to the northwest of the Mare Serenitatis.The outer rim of Calippus has an irregular appearance with outward bulges to the northeast and particularly to the west where there is an interior shelf of slumped material.
 Kleiner Labussee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 57.5 m its surface area is 0.15 km².
 Fischbach (Eschach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Grünhornlücke (el. 3280 m.) is a high mountain pass in the eastern Bernese Alps connecting the Aletsch Glacier and the Fiescher Glacier in the canton of Valais. The pass is located between the Grünhorn on the north and the Fiescher Gabelhorn on the south.On the west side of the pass (Aletsch Glacier) is the Konkordiaplatz. The Grünhornlücke is approximately halfway between the Konkordia Hut and the Finsteraarhorn Hut.
 Brechelser Floß is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Lemnia River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 Lower Buckhorn Lake is a lake located within the townships of Selwyn and Trent Lakes in Peterborough County Ontario Canada and is one of the Kawartha Lakes. Numerous small islands are located within the lake while the southern area is dominated by a large bay known as Deer Bay.
 The Harlyberg at 255.9 m above sea level is the highest hill of the Harly Forest and rises in the district of Goslar in southeastern Lower Saxony central Germany.Sometimes the term Harlyberg is used as a synonym for the entire Harly Forest (German: Harly-Wald) but this ignores the fact that there are other summits in that forested hill range.
 The Rein da Maighels (German: Maighelserrhein) is one of the main tributaries of the Rhine (see Sources of the Rhine) and is a tributary to the Rein da Curnera. The firm Kraftwerke Vorderrhein AG has built a hydropower dam creating a reservoir called the Lai da Curnera into which both rivers now flow.The origin of the Rein da Maighels is the Maghels Glacier (Romansh: Glatscher da Maighels) on the Piz Ravetsch near the point where the cantons of Graubünden Ticino and Uri meet.
 The Orobó River is a river of Pernambuco state in eastern Brazil.
 Hidaka Pass (日高峠 Hidaka-tōge) is a mountain pass in the north-end of the Hidaka Mountains of Hokkaidō Japan. The pass traverses the mountains at 495 metres (1624 ft) and is 6.9 kilometres (4.3 mi) long. The road is 6 metres (20 ft) wide with a maximum grade of 6%. The minimum curve radius is 160 metres (520 ft). Snow is possible on the pass from October to April. Japan National Route 237 crosses the pass between Hidaka and Shimukappu.
 The Valvelspitze (Italian: Punta Valbella) is a mountain in the Planeil group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Waitakaruru River is a river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows initially north before turning northwest across the northwestern corner of the Hauraki Plains reaching the southwestern corner of the Firth of Thames close to the settlement of Waitakaruru.
 The River Jordan Northamptonshire is a short river in England of three to four miles in length. It rises to the south of Braybrooke village in the county of Northamptonshire before flowing through Braybrooke and into Leicestershire at Little Bowden within Market Harborough before joining the River Welland at Rockingham Road Market Harborough close to the rail station and bridge.
 Gjuvkampen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Mabel Lake is a lake located in southern Interior British Columbia Canada that is fed by and drained by the Shuswap River. It is located southeast of Shuswap Lake northeast of Okanagan Lake and west of the Monashee Mountains and is popular for camping and fishing.The lake is oriented roughly north to south and is approximately 35 km long. The Shuswap River flows out of Sugar Lake into the southern end of Mabel Lake and issues westward from the middle part of the lake into Mara Lake.
 Milk Creek Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range on the west slope of Mount Jefferson. Milk Creek Glacier is situated at an elevation between 10000 and 9200 ft (3000 and 2800 m). Milk Creek Glacier is considered stagnant ice and is located immediately west and below the summit of Mount Jefferson.
 The Burloaia River is a tributary of the Cracău River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Pietros is a tributary of the Agriş River in Romania.
 La Breña Reservoir is a reservoir in Almodóvar del Río province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain.
 Mont Fourchon is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It is located on the main chain of the Alps approximately halfway between the Grand Golliat and the Great St Bernard Pass.
 Black Lake is a lake in the northern part of New York in the United States and is the largest lake in Saint Lawrence County. The lake is south of the Saint Lawrence River and parallels the river for many miles.Black Lake is of glacial origin having been formed by the melting of continental glaciation in the state around 12000 years ago.Water flows into the lake from several sources the largest being the Indian River.
 The Jack River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Estero Limache is a river of Chile.
 Crow's Nest is a mountain along the west bank of the Hudson River in the Town of Highlands on the northern edge of the United States Military Academy (USMA) at West Point. US 9W passes just west of its summit and offers panoramic views of the Hudson River the military academy's ski slope and Constitution Island.
 Ghent Kangri (or Mount Ghent Ghaint I) is a high peak at the north end of the Saltoro Mountains a subrange of the Karakoram range. It is located west of the Siachen Glacier in an area under Indian control since 1984.Ghent Kangri was first climbed on 4 June 1961 by Wolfgang Axt a member of an Austrian expedition led by Erich Waschak via the West Ridge. He climbed solo above the high camp.
 Lake Kagawong is the second largest lake on Manitoulin Island in Ontario Canada. Located in the central part of the island the lake is drained by the Kagawong River which falls over Bridal Veil Falls into Lake Huron.
 The Jones River is a 7.5-mile-long (12.1 km) river running through Kingston Massachusetts. The river drains about 30 square miles (78 km2) has its source in Silver Lake and drains into Kingston Bay. Land surrounding the river is 52% forested of which 22% has been developed for residential use.
 Pfühlbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Palu River (indon. Sungai Palu) is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia. 41 % of the basin area is covered by the protected tropical montane forest of the Lore Lindu National Park.
 Kareshwar River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Kidianagar village. Its basin has a maximum length of 16 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 97 km2.
 The Mircea River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Vorderer Brochkogel is a mountain in the Weisskamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Inishvickillane or Inishvickillaun (from Irish: Inis Mhic Aoibhleáin) is one of the Blasket Islands of County Kerry Ireland. Referred to by Blasket islanders as The Inis Inishvickillane was intermittently inhabited during the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries by one or more families. There are extensive ruins of ancient stone buildings and a house was built in the 1970s by the late former Taoiseach Charles Haughey who owned the island and used it as a holiday home.
 Soldiers Annex Lake is located 75 miles (121 km) southeast of Flagstaff in the state of Arizona. Long Lake is the main lake of the area. The facilities are maintained by Coconino National Forest division of the USDA Forest Service.
 The Bloskülb is a 570-metre-high hill in the central part of the Palatine Forest of Germany. It lies about three kilometres northwest of the village of Iggelbach. It is located entirely within the territory of the municipality of Elmstein.
 The Floodwood River is a 32.1-mile-long (51.7 km) tributary of the Saint Louis River of Minnesota United States joining the Saint Louis at the city of Floodwood.
 Cerro Galán is a caldera in Catamarca Province Argentina considered to be the best exposed large caldera in the world. It was formed 2.2 million years ago when 1050 km3 of material was erupted producing ignimbrite deposits stretching up to 100 km away. The caldera was originally the site of a large lake but resurgence of the eastern caldera floor has confined the salty Laguna Diamante to the caldera's western edge.
 Syvash or Sivash ([səˈvɑːʃ]) (Russian and Ukrainian: Сива́ш Crimean Tatar: Сываш Sıvaş) also known as the Rotten Sea (Russian: Гнило́е Мо́ре Ukrainian: Гниле́ Мо́ре Crimean Tatar: Чюрюк Денъиз Çürük Deñiz) is a large system of shallow lagoons on the west coast of the Sea of Azov (northeastern coast of the Crimean Peninsula disputed between Ukraine and Russia). Its name means dirt in the Crimean Tatar language. The total water area: 2 560 km² length: 200 km width: up to 35 km.
 Egede is the remains of a lunar crater that has been flooded by lava leaving only the somewhat polygonal circumference of the rim protruding just above the mare. It is located on the southern edge of the Mare Frigoris to the west of the crater Aristoteles. To the southwest is an arc of low mountains curving between the rims of Aristoteles and Eudoxus.
 Verkhovoy (Russian: Верховой) is a shield volcano located in the northern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 Chameau (literally: Camel) is a mountain located on Terre-de-Haut Island on the archipelago of Îles des Saintes with the height of 306 meters (1004 feet).It is the most elevated hill of the archipelago. Chameau is situated in the Southwest of Terre-de-Haut island and is covered with forest.
 Mānana Island is an uninhabited islet located 0.75 mi (1.21 km) off Kaupō Beach near Makapuʻu at the eastern end of the Island of Oʻahu in the Hawaiian Islands. In the Hawaiian language mānana means buoyant. The islet is commonly referred to as Rabbit Island because its shape as seen from the nearby Oʻahu shore looks something like a rabbit's head and because it was once inhabited by introduced rabbits.
 The Valea Rece River (Hungarian: Hidegség-pataka meaning Coldness Creek) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Sulluqucha (Quechua sullu fetus / lock made of wood which is used by the indigenous people qucha lake hispanicized spelling Sulluscocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cajamarca Region Cajamarca Province Llacanora District. This is a place to watch birds.
 Acquafraggia (also Acqua Fraggia) is a short and frequently steep torrente or seasonal stream of the province of Sondrio in Lombardy north Italy.Its source is on Pizzo del Lago at an elevation of 3050 metres on the north side of the Val Bregaglia and close to the Swiss border which here marks the limit of the Po drainage basin.
 Lake Te Paritu also known as Black Lake is one of two small crater lakes on Mayor Island / Tuhua in the Bay of Plenty New Zealand. It is connected to the larger Lake Aroarotamahine or Green Lake by a wetland but there is no surface outlet to the sea as both lakes are in a depression.The lake has a black colour due to fine sediment. According to Māori legend the black is the blood of Tuhua (obsidian) which fought a battle with Pounamu (greenstone) who defeated fled to the South Island.
 The Ampoiţa River (Hungarian: Kisompoly) is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 Styx Creek is in the Otago Region of New Zealand. It flows into the Taieri River in the valley near Paerau about 70 km northwest of Dunedin. It was given the name Styx because of its use as a natural moat around the Paerau Prison a historic prison dating from Otago's gold rush era. The prison was situated on an outcrop of flat land originally bordered on three sides by the river and on the fourth by a sheer cliff face.[citation needed]
 Norman Hill Reservoir is a reservoir in the Piethorne Valley in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale within Greater Manchester England.
 The Neilson River flows into the territory of the municipality of Saint-Raymond in the Portneuf Regional County Municipality in the administrative region of the Capitale-Nationale in Quebec in Canada.
 The Valea Uliului River is a tributary of the Cetea River in Romania
 Cyrano is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon. It lies due east of the huge walled plain Gagarin and to the north of the somewhat smaller crater Barbier. The most notable aspect of this crater are the small impacts along the western and southwest rim with the pear-shaped Cyrano P forming the later intrusion into the interior. The remainder of the rim has received some wear and is particularly eroded at the northern end.
 The Hueco Mountains are a range of mountains that rise in southern Otero County New Mexico and extend twenty-seven miles south into Texas generally along the El Paso–Hudspeth county line just east of the city of El Paso Texas. The highest point of the range is the Cerro Alto Mountain (6703 feet) in Hudspeth County.The Hueco Bolson a down-dropped area with an elevation of 4000 feet above sea level with sedimentary fill nearly 9000 feet thick lies between Hueco and Franklin Mountains.
 The Pârâul Feței is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Abrakurrie Cave is a wild cave on the Nullarbor Plain in Western Australia. It is reported to have the largest single cave chamber in the southern hemisphere and that stencils in the cave are the deepest penetration of Aboriginal art of any cave system in Australia.
 The Blackstairs Mountains (Irish: Na Staighrí Dubha) run roughly north/south along the border between County Carlow and County Wexford in Ireland. The highest peak is Mount Leinster with a total height of 2612 ft/ 796 metres.
 The Bocktenhorn is a mountain of the Albula Alps located west of the Scaletta Pass in Graubünden Switzerland.
 The Valea Largă River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Natashquan [nəˈtæʃkn] is a river in the Canadian provinces of Quebec and Newfoundland and Labrador. It has its source just south of the boundary between the Atlantic and Saint Lawrence watersheds. It flows south-east to the Labrador–Quebec border from where it flows southward.
 Frommbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Greben(Cyrillic: Гребен meaning ridge) is a mountain in southeastern Serbia near the town of Dimitrovgrad and the Bulgarian border with a small section of the southwestern ridge in Bulgaria. Its highest peak Beženište (or Dziglina livada) stands at an elevation of 1338 meters above sea level.The mountain is named after a large karst ridge that runs along its spine. It runs from the village of Poganovo in Serbia and extends southeast towards the Bulgarian village of Vrabcha.
 The Bare Top Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges running along the east side of Grenville Channel on the north side of Lowe Inlet in British Columbia Canada.
 Carpiner See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 64.2 m its surface area is 0.043 km².
 The Slaney (Irish: Abhainn na Sláine meaning river of health) is a river in the southeast of Ireland. It rises on Lugnaquilla Mountain in the western Wicklow Mountains and flows west and then south through counties Wicklow Carlow and Wexford before entering St George's Channel in the Irish Sea at Wexford town. The estuary of the Slaney is wide and shallow and is known as Wexford Harbour.Towns on the Slaney include Stratford-on-Slaney Baltinglass Tullow Bunclody Enniscorthy and Wexford.
 Deslandres is the heavily worn and distorted remains of a lunar impact crater. It is located to the southeast of the Mare Nubium in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon. In dimension it is the second-largest crater formation on the visible Moon being beaten only by the 303-kilometer-diameter walled plain Bailly. The northern and eastern parts of the floor display a relatively level surface but it is pock-marked with numerous craters.
 The Unghia Mică River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
 The Glatthorn (obsolete: Damülser Horn) in Vorarlberg in Austria is the highest mountain in the Bregenz Forest Mountains with a height of 2133 m AA. It lies west of and above the saddle of Faschinajoch between Damüls to the north and Fontanella in the Großwalsertal to the south.
 The Rotorua Caldera is one of several large volcanoes located in the Taupo Volcanic Zone on the North Island of New Zealand. Its last major eruption was about 240000 years ago. At this time the Mamaku ignimbrite covering about 4000 square km was deposited. After the eruption the magma chamber underneath the volcano collapsed. The circular depression left behind is the current caldera about 22 km (14 mi) in diameter and now occupied by Lake Rotorua.
 The Itaú River (Spanish Río Itaú) is a river of Argentina and Bolivia. It is a tributary of the Río Grande de Tarija.
 Arram Beck is a small stream in the East Riding of Yorkshire England running through high embankments and flowing eastwards from the village of Arram to join the River Hull. Depths are variable due to the tidal nature of the Hull. It provides habitat for a variety of fish species including perch dace and roach and chub have also been stocked here.
 The Col de Latrape (1110 m.) is a mountain pass in the French Pyrenees in the department of Ariège between the communities of Aulus-les-Bains (east) and Ustou (west).
 A calanque (from the Corsican and Occitan words of pre-Indo-European origin calanca (plural calanche in Corsican calancas in Occitan) with meaning inlet ) is a steep-walled inlet cove or bay that is developed in limestone dolomite or other carbonate strata and found along the Mediterranean coast.
 Gilbert Peak (8184 feet (2494 m) is located in the Goat Rocks on the border of the Yakama Indian Reservation and Yakima County in the U.S. state of Washington. Situated partly in the Goat Rocks Wilderness Gilbert Peak is the highest summit in the Goat Rocks which are the eroded remnants of an extinct stratovolcano. Meade Glacier is located on the southeastern slopes of the peak while Conrad Glacier is on the north slope.
 The Mittagstein is a 1034 m (3392 ft) high mountain peak which rises in the middle of the Kaitersberg in the Bavarian Forest in southern Germany.On its forested summit is a chapel built in memory of those who have fallen in war. There is also a rocky viewpoint with views into the Zeller Valley and across to the Großer Riedelstein.
 The Iazul Morților River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Willicher Fleuth is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bola volcano also known as Wangore is an andesitic stratovolcano located southwest of the Dakataua caldera. It is 1115 metres (3658 ft) tall and has a 400 metre wide summit crater. The most recent lava flow was erupted from the summit crater and flowed to the west. This viscous flow is at least 50 m thick thus leaving an irregularity in the profile of the volcano.
 Eastern Alps is the name given to the eastern half of the Alps usually defined as the area east of a line from Lake Constance and the Rhine Valley up to the Splügen Pass at the Alpine divide and down the Liro River to Lake Como in the south. The peaks and mountain passes are lower compared to the Western Alps while the range itself is broader and less arched.
 Coyote Creek is a stream in San Mateo County California and is a tributary of San Gregorio Creek.37.327998°N 122.36914°W﻿ / 37.327998; -122.36914
 Hagenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Novo River (Iriri River) is a river in Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Montes Jura is a mountain range in the northwest part of the near side of the Moon. The selenographic coordinates of this range are 47.1° N 34.0° W. It has a diameter of 422 km with mountains rising to 6100 m. They were named after the Jura Mountains in western Switzerland.This range of mountains form a visually pleasing semi-circular ring around the Sinus Iridum a bay along the northwestern edge of Mare Imbrium.
 The Arada River is a tributary of the Albac River in Romania.
 The Anambra River (Igbo: Ànyị̀m Ọma Mbala) flows 210 km into the Niger River and is found in Anambra Nigeria. The river is the most important feeder of the River Niger below Lokoja. The flow of the Anambra river is released into the Atlantic through various outlets forming the 25000 km2 Niger Delta region.
 The Pes (Russian: Песь) is a river in Khvoyninsky District of Novgorod Oblast and in Chagodoshchensky District of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Chagodoshcha River. It is 145 kilometres (90 mi) long and the area of its basin 2730 square kilometres (1050 sq mi). The principal tributary of the Pes is the Rattsa River (left).
 Kerripit River a perennial river of the Manning River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter district of New South Wales Australia.
 The Mittlerer Sonnblick is a 3000 metre high sub-peak of the Großer Sonnblick (3030 m) to which it is linked by a knife-edge ridge. It is a border peak between the two Austrian federal states of Carinthia and Salzburg. It lies within the Ankogel Group of mountains a sub-group of the High Tauern.The mountain has a prominence of 100 metres and an isolation of 660 metresThe peak has achieved certain renown no doubt because it is the easternmost three-thousander in the Alps.
 Faraday is a lunar impact crater in the southern highlands of the Moon. It lies across the southeast rim of the larger crater Stöfler and the northwest rim of Faraday forms a wide rampart across the otherwise flat floor of Stöfler. To the west of Faraday is Maurolycus.The rim of Faraday has been significantly overlain by subsequent impacts most notably by an overlapping pair across the southwest rim and a crater across the northwest rim.
 The Sălicea River is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 The Chanshal Pass/ Chanshal Valley links Dodra Kwar and Rohru (Chirgaon) in the Shimla district of Himachal Pradesh India. The pass sits atop the Chanshal Peak which at 4520 metres (14830 ft) and is thus the highest peak in the Shimla district. The pass remains open from May to October and is covered with snow for the rest of the year.
 Rengersbrunner Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Valea Boii River is a tributary of the Aleu River in Romania.
 Lake Kaniere is located on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. It lies 30 kilometres southeast of Hokitika and drains into the Tasman Sea via the Kaniere and Hokitika rivers. At 22 km² it is second only to Lake Brunner in size among the West Coast's lakes.
 Braunau is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Sincholagua is an inactive volcano located in Ecuador 17 km (11 mi) northeast of Cotopaxi Volcano and 45 km (28 mi) southeast of Quito. It is the 12th highest peak in the country at 4873 m (15988 ft) but also one of the lesser known ones. The name of the mountain comes from the indigenous language Quichua and means strong above.
 Eggardon Hill is located on chalk uplands approximately four miles to the east of Bridport in the English county of Dorset. It stands 252 metres (827 ft) above sea level (some sources 254 m) and provides panoramic views to the south north and west. The southern half of the hill is owned and maintained by The National Trust (which permits free public access throughout the year) with the northern part in private ownership.Eggardon Hill is first documented in the Domesday Book of 1086.
 The Orari River is a river of the south Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It rises to the northwest of the Four Peaks Range initially flowing north then east to circumnavigate the range before flowing southwest across the Canterbury Plains. It reaches the Pacific Ocean eight kilometres east of Temuka. The towns of Geraldine and Orari are both located close to its banks.
 The Río Grande de Lípez is a river of Bolivia in the Potosí Department Nor Lípez Province.
 The Sognefjord or Sognefjorden is the largest fjord in Norway and the third longest in the world (behind the Scoresby Sund and Greely Fiord). Because the other two fjords are often ice-covered the Sognefjorden is the longest open (ice-free) fjord in the world. Located in Sogn og Fjordane county in Western Norway it stretches 205 kilometres (127 mi) inland from the ocean to the small village of Skjolden in the municipality of Luster.
 The North Muddy Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County Nevada.
 The River Medlock is a river in Greater Manchester in North West England. It rises near Oldham and flows south and west for ten miles to join the River Irwell in the extreme southwest of Manchester city centre.
 The Leine is a river in Thuringia and Lower Saxony Germany. It is a left tributary of the River Aller (and so of the River Weser as well) and 281 km in length.The river's source is located close to the town of Leinefelde in Thuringia. Forty kilometres downriver the river enters Lower Saxony and runs northwards.Important towns upstream to down along its course are Göttingen Einbeck Alfeld and Gronau before the river enters Hanover the largest city on its banks.
 Titicaca (in the hispanicized spelling) or Titiqaqa (Quechua) is a lake in the Andes on the border of Peru and Bolivia. By volume of water it is the largest lake in South America. Lake Maracaibo has a larger surface area but it is considered to be a large brackish bay due to its direct connection with the sea.It is often called the highest navigable lake in the world with a surface elevation of 3812 metres (12507 ft).
 The Ronișoara River or Rona River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 The Ferice River is a tributary of the Inaru River in Romania.
 The Pfrimm is a 42.7 km long left or western tributary of the Rhine in the Rhineland-Palatinate (Germany).
 Waun Rydd is a mountain in the Brecon Beacons National Park in southern Powys Wales. Its height is 769m (2523ft) and it tops a large boggy plateau rising to the east of Pen y Fan.The hill takes the form of a plateau with sharp rims on several sides. To the northeast is Craig Pwllfa overlooking Cwm Banw whilst Craig y Fan looks east over Cwm Tarthwynni. To the south is the edge known as Cwar y Gigfran which translates into English as 'quarry of the crow'.
 Mount Hibok-Hibok (also known as Catarman Volcano) is a stratovolcano on Camiguin Island in the Philippines. It is one of the active volcanoes in the country and part of the Pacific ring of fire.
 The Breitlingsee or Breitling See is a lake in the state of Brandenburg Germany. It is situated to the west of the city of Brandenburg an der Havel and is one of a number of directly linked lakes along with the Möserscher See Plauer See Quenzsee and Wendsee.The lake has a surface area of 5.13 square kilometres (1.98 sq mi).The navigable River Havel flows through the lake entering from the east and exiting directly into the Plauer See.
 The Sleaford Navigation was a 12.5 mile (20.1 km) canalisation of the River Slea in Lincolnshire England which opened in 1794. It ran from a junction with the River Witham near Chapel Hill to the town of Sleaford through seven locks most of which were adjacent to mills. Lack of finance meant that it stopped short of its intended terminus but it gradually grew to be successful financially.
 The Moldo Too is a range in the Internal Tien Shan Kyrgyzstan. It is mainly composed of limestones. The highest peak of the range is 4185 m.
 Crome's Broad is situated to the east of the River Ant north of How Hill within The Broads National Park in Norfolk England.It is named after John Crome the founder of the Norwich school of painters.
 Prestesteinsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway with a small part of the lake crossing over into the neighboring municipality of Lom (in Oppland county). The 4.12-square-kilometre (1020-acre) lake sits at an elevation of 1357 metres (4452 ft) above sea level. It lies along the south side of the Sognefjellsvegen road just to the north of the mountain Fannaråki and the Fannaråkbreen glacier.
 Rambler Channel is a body of water in Hong Kong that separates Tsing Yi Island from mainland Kowloon Peninsula namely Tsuen Wan and Kwai Chung in the New Territories. The channel separates the two landmasses by 900 metres at its widest point. Historically the channel was known as Tsing Yi Mun (青衣門) and Tsing Yi Channel (青衣海峽).The shoreline of the channel has changed rapidly in the last several decades owing to the development of Tsuen Wan New Town and the Kwai Chung Container Port.
 The Tărhăuș River (Hungarian: Tarhavas-pataka meaning Bold Alp's Creek) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Magro River is a river of Ecuador.
 The Leichhardt River is a river in north west Queensland Australia. The source of the river is near the mining town Mount Isa and it runs in a generally north direction across the Gulf Country to its mouth at the Gulf of Carpentaria. The river is named after the early explorer of Australia Ludwig Leichhardt.Leichhardt River has a catchment area of 32878 square kilometres (12694 sq mi).
 The Mad River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises in the Cascade Mountains and flows southeast to join the Entiat River. It is part of the Columbia River basin being a tributary of the Entiat River which empties into the Columbia River.
 Bieberer Berg is a mountain in Offenbach in the German state of Hesse. The mountain is well known in Germany because the local stadium the stadium of Kickers Offenbach. The mountain area also contains a water tower and 22 hectare park with a Ropes course.
 The Wenghorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Simplon in the canton of Valais. It lies at the eastern end of the range east of the Fletschhorn.
 Thromberg (sorbian Lubin) is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany. It is situated six kilometres south-east of Bautzen and part of the Upper Lusatian mountains.
 The Afon Clun is a 14-mile (23 km) long tributary of the River Ely (Welsh: Afon Elai) in the counties of Cardiff and Rhondda Cynon Taf Wales. Its bedrock is predominantly of sandstone.
 The Lopadea River (Hungarian: Lapád-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Voinești River is a tributary of the Tutova River in Romania.
 Rauschberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Col de Pierre Pertuis (el. 827 m.) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.It connects Sonceboz and Tavannes.The name of the pass comes from the Latin: Petra pertusa meaning broken rock. The pass road has been dated to the second half of the 1st century AD. A 159 by 96 centimetres (63 in × 38 in) large inscription on the north side of the road lists Marcus Dunius Paternus the duumvir of the Helvetii Colony Aventicum as the builder of the road.
 The Berzovița River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 The Little Garlic River is a 10.6-mile-long (17.1 km) tributary of Lake Superior in Marquette County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States.
 Palisade Crest is a jagged ridge in The Palisades's region of the Sierra Nevada southeast of Mount Sill and northwest of Middle Palisade. Its twelve pinnacles are unofficially named for characters from The Lord of the Rings by J. R. R. Tolkien. The highest pinnacle at 13559 feet (4133 m) is called Gandalf Peak.The ridge marks the boundary between Kings Canyon National Park and the John Muir Wilderness.
 Simojoki is a river of Finland in the region of Lapland. It flows for 193 kilometres (120 mi) into the Bothnian Bay at Simo.
 The Sierra Madre del Sur is a mountain range in southern Mexico extending 1000 kilometres (620 mi) from southern Michoacán east through Guerrero to the Istmo de Tehuantepec in eastern Oaxaca.
 The Hagerhorst Mountains are a mountain range in Klamath County Oregon.
 Moomaw Glacier is an alpine glacier in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado. Moomaw Glacier is almost 1 mi (1.6 km) northeast of Isolation Peak and the old terminal moraine of the glacier impounds Frigid Lake.
 The Meleiuș River is a tributary of the Tarcău River in Romania.
 The Oberhalbstein Alps (German: Oberhalbsteiner Alpen) or Platta Group (Italian: Alpi del Platta) are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland and northern Italy. They are considered to be part of the Central Eastern Alps.
 Chott Ech Chergui (Arabic: شط الشرقي‎) is a large endorheic salt lake in northwestern Algeria located at 34.35°N 0.5°E﻿ / 34.35; 0.5 in the Saharan Atlas.Lake has an area of about 2000 km² and is one of the largest lakes in Algeria; Ramsar site has an area of 8555 km².Chott Ech Chergui is designated a Ramsar wetland of international importance.
 Pelion Gap (1126 metres (3694 ft) or 1113 metres (3652 ft)) is the mountain pass between Mount Doris and Mount Ossa to the south and Mount Pelion East to the north through which the Overland Track in Tasmania passes. This is a popular resting place for walkers on the Overland Track as it is the highest point between Pelion Hut and Kia Ora Hut is approximately half way between the two and also has a large wooden platform surrounded by log seating.
 The Lake of the Woods is a backcountry glacial lake in the Desolation Wilderness of the El Dorado National Forest southwest of Lake Tahoe in El Dorado County California. It lies just southeast of Lake Aloha.The lake is accessible by hiking west out of the Glen Alpine Springs Trailhead Echo Lake (California) Trailhead or north out of the Twin Bridges Trailhead. The lake is known to contain Rainbow Trout and Brook Trout.
 Ohe (Allna) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Valea Hotarului River is a tributary of the Valea Joaderului River in Romania.
 Gamabong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1191 metres.
 Kamishak Bay is a bay on the coast of Alaska in the United States.The proposed United States Navy seaplane tender USS Kamishak (AVP-44) was named for Kamishak Bay but the contract for the ship's construction was cancelled in 1943 before construction began.
 The Sebeșel River or Sebeș River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania
 Tangahnsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 73 m its surface area is 0.258 km².
 Wichelsee is a lake in Obwalden Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.22 km². The reservoir is located in the municipalities of Alpnach and Sarnen. It formed after the Sarner Aa was damed in 1955. The area around the lake was protected in 2005.
 The Feilebach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Glenne is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Bangda Lake (Tibetan: པང་བཏགས་མཚོ Wylie: pang btags mtsho; Chinese: 邦达错; pinyin: Bāngdá Cuò） also Bangdag or Bangdacuo is a glacial lake in Ngari Prefecture in the northwest of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. It lies in the western Kunlun Mountains to the southeast of Guozha Lake. Located at an altitude of 4902 metres it covers an area of 106 square kilometres with a maximum depth of 21.6 metres and contains 90 glaciers.
 Corndon Hill is a hill in Powys Mid Wales whose summit rises to 513 m above sea level. It is surrounded on three sides by the English county of Shropshire and forms a prominent landmark in the Wales-England border. Corndon's prominent western edge appears to form a separate hill and is known locally as Lan Fawr (Welsh: 'Big Hill').The Bronze Age stone circles of Mitchell's Fold and the now largely destroyed The Whetstones lie at the foot of the hill within Shropshire.
 The Tomnatecu River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 The Gulf of Ob (also known as Ob Bay) (Russian: О́бская губа́ Obskaya guba) is a bay of the Arctic Ocean located in Northern Russia at the mouth of the Ob River.This Gulf flows into the Kara Sea between the Gydan and Yamal peninsulas. It is about 1000 km (600 mi) long and varies in width from about 50 km (30 mi) to 80 km (50 mi) and generally runs north and south. It is relatively shallow with an average depth from ten to twelve metres which restricts heavy sea transport.
 Krambek (Pinnau) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Mount Steller is a stratovolcano in Katmai National Park in Alaska United States. It is part of the Aleutian Range and is located on the Alaska Peninsula.The mountain was presumably named for the naturalist Georg Wilhelm Steller.
 The Itonomas River is a river of Bolivia. It is a tributary of the Guaporé (Iténez) River and runs through the departments of Santa Cruz and Beni. Over its course it receives tributaries such as the Quizer River.
 The Cágado (Turtle) is a river in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It is a left bank tributary of the Rio Paraibuna and thus a sub-tributary of the Paraiba do Sul. It is 101 kilometres (63 mi) long and drains an area of 1082 square kilometres (418 sq mi).The river rises in the Serra da Mantiqueira in the town of Chácara and passes through Bicas Juiz de Fora Pequeri Guarará and Mar de Espanha to its mouth on the Rio Paraibuna between the cities of Santana do Deserto and Chiador.
 Chino Creek is a major stream of the Inland Empire in Southern California in the United States. Although the main stem is short at about 12.7 miles (20.4 km) it drains an extensive basin of 218 square miles (560 km2) from the San Gabriel Mountains to the Santa Ana River near Corona.
 Dryden is a lunar impact crater that is located on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies within the huge walled plain called Apollo and is one of several features within that basin named after people associated with the Apollo program. Apollo itself has an inner ring and Dryden is attached to the west-northwest part of that circular mountain formation.
 Wills Mountain is a quartzite-capped ridge in the Ridge and Valley physiographic province of the Appalachian Mountains in Pennsylvania and Maryland USA extending from near Bedford Pennsylvania to near Cumberland Maryland. It is the northernmost of several mountain ridges included within the Wills Mountain Anticline.
 Monte Tonale is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 2694 metres above sea level.
 The Bassac River (commonly called Tonle Bassac ទន្លេបាសាក់) is a distributary of the Tonlé Sap and Mekong River. The river starts in Phnom Penh Cambodia and flows southerly crossing the border into Vietnam near Châu Đốc. In Vietnam it is known as the Hậu River (Sông Hậu or Hậu Giang in Vietnamese). The Bassac River is an important transportation corridor between Cambodia and Vietnam with barges and other crafts plying the waters.
 Lake Valencia (Spanish: Lago de Valencia) is a lake within Carabobo State and Aragua State in northern Venezuela.
 Deep Creek Lake is the largest inland body of water in the U.S. state of Maryland. It covers approximately 3900 acres (16 km2) and has 69 miles (111 km) of shoreline. Like all lakes in Maryland it is man-made. The lake is home to a wide variety of freshwater fish and aquatic birds. The Wisp ski resort is located nearby. This resort is home to a thriving winter tourism industry and has expanded its offerings to include some summer activities as well.
 Lake San Antonio is a lake located mainly in southern Monterey County California. (A small portion of the lake is located in northern San Luis Obispo County California) The lake is formed by San Antonio Dam on the San Antonio River. The dam is 202 feet (62 m) tall and was completed in 1965 under Monterey County District Engineer Loran Bunte Jr . The lake and dam are owned by the Monterey County Water Authority.
 Hirtstein is a mountain of Saxony in southeastern Germany. It is situated near the village Satzung in the Ore Mountains at 1.5 km from the border with the Czech Republic. Its elevation is 890 m.
 Mount Ellsworth is the highest peak in the Queen Maud Mountains on the elongated massif between the Steagall and Amundsen Glaciers.Discovered by Rear Admiral Byrd on the South Pole flight of November 28–29 1929 and named by him for Lincoln Ellsworth American Antarctic explorer.
 The Reinbach is a stream in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Horn is the most prominent peak on the Mount Buffalo plateau in Victoria Australia. The Horn has an elevation of 1723 metres (5653 ft) AHD.Found on the west side of the Victorian Alps (part of the Australian Alps and the Great Dividing Range) the top of the mountain has granite boulders and rock formations.A walking track leads to the top of The Horn.
 Mineoka Mountain District (嶺岡山地 Mineoka-sanchi) is an area in the Bōsō Hill Range in the southern part of Chiba Prefecture. The Mineoka Mountain District runs along an east-west line across the southern part of the Bōsō Peninsula from the southern bank of the Kamo River in Kamogawa facing the Pacific Ocean to the Sakuma District of Kyonan facing Tokyo Bay.
 Echo Lake is a 15.7-acre (6.4 ha) water body located near North Conway in Carroll County New Hampshire. It is part of Echo Lake State Park which features a small swimming beach.The lake lies at the foot of White Horse Ledge and just south of Cathedral Ledge both of which are noted rock climbing destinations in the White Mountains of New Hampshire. The lake is part of the Saco River watershed.
 The Waitutu River is a river in southern Fiordland New Zealand. It is the outlet of Lake Poteriteri to the sea.
 The Bezerra River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Wa River (Thai: ลำน้ำว้า) is a river of the Thai highlands in Thailand a tributary of the Nan River part of the Chao Phraya River basin. It has its source beneath 1745 m high Doi Phi Pan Nam mountain of the Luang Prabang Range and joins the Nan River near Wiang Sa town in Wiang Sa District Nan Province.The Wa River is a popular river for white water rafting.
 The Huaynamota River is a river of Mexico.
 Helberg is a lunar crater that is located just behind the western limb of the Moon on the far side from the Earth. Due to libration this part of the surface is sometimes brought into view and the crater is visible under suitable lighting conditions. However even under these circumstances the crater is viewed from the edge and not much detail can be seen.This crater is nearly attached to the east-northeastern rim of the crater Robertson.
 The Anaconda Range informally known as the Pintlars is a group of high mountains located in southwestern Montana in the northwestern United States. The mountain range takes its name from the nearby town of Anaconda founded by Marcus Daly in 1883. It runs northeast approximately 50 miles (80 km) from Lost Trail Pass to a point near the community of Anaconda covering parts of Ravalli Deer Lodge Granite and Beaverhead Counties.
 The Hübschhorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking the Simplon Pass in the canton of Valais. It belong to the Monte Leone massif.
 Ward's Stone is the highest hill in the Forest of Bowland. Its flat top hides two trig points nearly a kilometre apart. The western trig point sits atop of large rocks including one the Ward's Stone that is so large it attracts boulderers and climbers.The path from Grit Fell is difficult: crossing Cabin Flat it weaves its way across hidden pools of stagnant water the presence of which is betrayed by a form of red grass.
 Hangelstein is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Râul Păcurei is a tributary of the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
 The Putreda River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 The Savinja (pronounced [saˈviːnja]) is a river in northeast Slovenia which flows mostly in the Upper and Lower Savinja Valley (Slovene: Zgornja in Spodnja Savinjska dolina) and through the cities of Celje and Laško. The Savinja is the main river of the Savinja Alps (Sln. Savinjske Alpe). It flows into Sava River at the town of Zidani Most. It has often flooded such as in the 1960s 1990 and 1995. The Savinja has a length of 102 kilometres (63 mi).
 Roßgundkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Galbena River is a headwater of the Crișul Pietros River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Luncșoara River.
 Grafton Pond is a 321-acre (1.3 km2) water body located in Grafton County in western New Hampshire United States in the town of Grafton. The pond is part of the Mascoma River watershed flowing to the Connecticut River. Outflow from the pond travels through Bicknell Brook to Crystal Lake in Enfield then north to the Mascoma River in West Canaan.Grafton Pond is located within the Society for the Protection of New Hampshire Forests' Grafton Pond Reservation and is an active loon nesting site.
 The Suzuka River (鈴鹿川 Suzuka-gawa) is a major river that flows through northern Mie Prefecture on the island of Honshū Japan. It is officially classified as a Class 1 river by the Japanese government one of four Class 1 rivers that flow solely through Mie.The river's source is on Mount Nasugahara which stands on the border of Mie and Shiga Prefectures.
 The Roanoke River is a river in southern Virginia and northeastern North Carolina in the United States 410 mi (660 km) long. A major river of the southeastern United States it drains a largely rural area of the coastal plain from the eastern edge of the Appalachian Mountains southeast across the Piedmont to Albemarle Sound. An important river throughout the history of the United States it was the site of early settlement in the Virginia Colony and the Carolina Colony.
 Tadiandamol (Kannada: ತಡಿಯಂಡಮೋಳು Tandiandamolu Malayalam: തടിയന്റമോള്‍) is the highest mountain of Kodagu district Karnataka India. It is the third highest peak in Karnataka. It is located Western Ghats range and reaches an elevation of 1748 m. It is a place of interest for trekkers and naturalists. The mountain has patches of shola forests in the valleys.The Nalaknad (also known as Nalnad - meaning 4 villages) palace at the foothills is an important historical landmark.
 Guadalupe Peak is the highest natural point in Texas with an elevation of 8751 feet (2667 m). It is located in Guadalupe Mountains National Park and is part of the Guadalupe Mountains range in southeastern New Mexico and West Texas. The mountain is about 90 miles (140 km) east of El Paso and about 50 miles (80 km) southwest of Carlsbad New Mexico.
 The Hahnberg is a 685.3 m high (above sea level) slightly undulatory tableland located in the Thuringian Highland Thuringia (Germany). It is located close to the municipality of Lichte and the Leibis-Lichte Dam in the Saalfeld-Rudolstadt district in the Thuringian Forest Nature Park. The section of the Rennsteig walkway between Neuhaus am Rennweg Piesau and Spechtsbrunn runs close to the Hahnberg plateau.
 Pappjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The West Branch Piscataquis River is a 22-mile-long (35 km) tributary of the Piscataquis River in Piscataquis County Maine.
 Mount Hooker is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1827 by David Douglas.
 Cheboksary Reservoir (Russian: Чебоксарское водохранилище Chuvash: Шупашкар шыв усравĕ) is an artificial lake in the central part of the Volga River and formed by the Cheboksary Dam in Novocheboksarsk. A surface area of Cheboksary Reservoir is 2190 km² max width is 16 km max depth is 35 m.The largest cities on the Reservoir are Nizhny Novgorod Cheboksary and Kozmodemyansk.
 Mount Jim Crow is a trachyte plug that lies between Rockhampton and Yeppoon Australia. Standing at approximately 150 m above the surrounding plains (221 m above sea level) Mount Jim Crow affords a panoramic view of the surrounding landscape. Mount Wheeler can be seen to the southeast while many other trachyte formations can be seen to the north and west.Well covered by trees and scrub Mount Jim Crow offers a number of hiking trails which range from easy walking to more difficult climbing.
 Weißbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Babbs Mill Lake is a man-made lake located in the Kingfisher Country Park in the Kingshurst area of Solihull England. The lake was created as a balancing feature in times of flooding from the River Cole which is located nearby.The lake gives its name to Babbs Mill Park which was created to commemorate the Silver Jubilee of Queen Elizabeth II in 1977. It was designated a Local Nature Reserve in 2002.
 The Brescia and Garda Prealps (Prealpi Bresciane e Gardesane in Italian) are a mountain range in the southern part of the Alps. They are located mainly in Lombardy but also in Trentino Alto Adige and in Veneto in the northern part of Italy.
 Waterman Creek is a 3.0-mile-long (4.8 km) southward-flowing stream in southern San Mateo County California. Rising near Big Basin Way and the Santa Cruz County line it empties into Pescadero Creek.In 2008 a conservation organization awarded $32000 to the San Mateo County Farm Bureau to fund removal of a 12-foot (3.7 m) high 100 year-old log dam that was preventing steelhead from accessing potential spawning grounds in the upper reaches of the creek.
 The Valea Cireșului River is a tributary of the Lozna River in Romania.
 The Ciolanu River is a tributary of the Albele River in Romania.
 Mount Darwin is a flat-topped mountain in the Sierra Nevada on the border of between Fresno and Inyo counties in Kings Canyon National Park and the John Muir Wilderness of California. Two Australian geologists Ernest Clayton Andrews and Willard D. Johnson made the first recorded ascent on August 12 1908.The modern name of the mountain was given to it in 1895 by Theodore S. Solomons and E. C.
 The Belbo is a river of southern Piedmont Italy. It is a right-side tributary of the Tanaro.The Belbo rises in the Langhe on the borders between Piedmont and Liguria in the hills of Montezemolo.After flowing through the Piedmontese provinces of Cuneo Asti and Alessandria the river joins the Tanaro from the right at Villa del Foro in the comune of Alessandria.
 Krupá (German: Graupa Bach) is a creek in Šumperk District Moravia left tributary of the Morava river. Its length is 192 km and its drainage basin covers 112.7 km2. The mean annual discharge at its mouth is 4.48 m³/s.The Krupá originates in Czech part of the Śnieżnik Mountains 400 meters above sea level.The Krupá then goes south toward the town of Staré Město. It flows into the Morava river near Hanušovice town. River keeps its natural character with meanders and original riversides.
 Flagstaff Lake is located in Somerset County and Franklin County Maine in the United States. The North Branch Dead River and South Branch Dead River join in the lake forming the Dead River.The lake's surface area is 20300 acres (82 km2) and it has a storage capacity of about 275482 acre-feet. It is extremely shallow (more so during drought years). Its deepest point is 48 feet (15 m). Landlocked salmon and brook trout can be caught.
 The White Mountains of California and Nevada are a triangular fault block mountain range facing the Sierra Nevada across the upper Owens Valley. They extend for approximately 60 mi (97 km) as a greatly elevated plateau about 20 mi (32 km) wide on the south narrowing to a point at the north with elevations generally increasing south to north. The range's broad southern end is near the community of Big Pine where Westgard Pass and Deep Springs Valley separate it from the Inyo Mountains.
 Nassawango Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Maryland; it is the largest tributary of the Pocomoke River located on the Delmarva Peninsula. Older variations on the same name include Nassanongo Naseongo Nassiongo and Nassiungo meaning [ground] between [the streams].
 West Shining Tree Lake is a lake in the Unorganized North Sudbury District of Ontario Canada. It lies about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) west of East Shining Tree Lake.The community of Shining Tree lies on its east shore.
 Wetterhorn Peak is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the Uncompahgre Wilderness of the northern San Juan Mountains in northwestern Hinsdale County and southeastern Ouray County 9 miles (14 km) east of the town of Ouray. It lies 2.75 mi (4.4 km) west of Uncompahgre Peak. Wetterhorn Peak and its neighbor Matterhorn Peak 13590 ft (4142 m) are named after the Wetterhorn and the Matterhorn two famous peaks in the Swiss Alps.
 The Celnicu Mare River is a tributary of the Gârlişte River in Romania.
 Wiqruqucha (Quechua wiqru twisted bent qucha lake bent lake hispanicized spelling Huecrococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Yuracmarca District. It is situated in the Cordillera Blanca northeast of the mountains Millwaqucha and Pilanku and north of the Pukahirka and the lake Shuytuqucha.
 Lake Holiday is a 328-acre (133 ha) man-made lake with swimming boating and fishing. Located in Northville Township LaSalle County Illinois approximately 66 miles (106 km) west of Chicago the lake is situated between the city of Sandwich and the village of Somonauk. Property owners in the adjacent community of Lake Holiday can enjoy swimming beaches picnic areas two playgrounds with a multi-purpose court and a full-service marina.
 The Șapte Izvoare River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 Rowling end is a peak in the Lake District about 433 meters it is a steep slope leading up towards Causey Pike. It is briefly mentioned in books however they mainly focus on Causey Pike. The summit has a small kern on it amongst the heather and other shrubs and plants.
 Pickerel Lake is a 955-acre spring-fed lake located in Day County South Dakota United States. Pickerel Lake is part of the Glacial Lakes Region that encompasses much of Northeast South Dakota and stretches along the Coteau des Prairies hills. The area was formed thousands of years ago by glacial activity. Many of the depressions left behind were filled by melting glaciers. This area is also referred to as the Prairie Pothole Region.
 The Pawnee River is a river in southwestern Kansas in the United States about 198 miles (319 km) long. It is a tributary of the Arkansas River which in turn is a branch of the Mississippi River. It rises in northwestern Gray County at an elevation of 2835 feet (864 m) as the outflow of several agricultural drainage channels. For 20 miles (32 km) the river runs due north before turning northeast near Ravanna.
 Besa River is a river in northern British Columbia Canada. It is a tributary of the Prophet River.The river flows through the Muskwa Ranges and is the backbone of the Redfern-Keily Provincial Park part of the larger Muskwa-Kechika Management Area. It gives the name to the Besa River Formation a stratigraphical unit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
 Cedar Creek Reservoir is a large reservoir located in Franklin County Alabama (USA) along Cedar Creek.Cedar Creek Dam is 96-foot high earthen dam for flood control and irrigation completed in 1979 as a project of the Tennessee Valley Authority. No hydroelectric power is generated here.The cedar in the name actually refers to the eastern juniper (Juniperus virginiana) mistaken by early European settlers for the Lebanon Cedar (Cedrus libani) referred to in the Bible.
 The Batatotalena Cave (also spelled Batadombalena) also known as the Diva Guhava in Buddhist literature is a cave system in Sudagala 5 km (3 mi) away from the town of Kuruwita in the Sabaragamuwa Province of Sri Lanka.The cave measures approximately 15 m (49 ft) high 18 m (59 ft) wide and 25 m (82 ft) in length totalling the internal cave area to 6800 m3 (240000 cu ft).
 Mount Pirigai (ピリガイ山 Pirigai-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Belleden Ker Range also known as the Wooroonooran Range is a coastal mountain range in Far North Queensland Australia. Part of the Great Dividing Range it is located between Gordonvale and Babinda.The whole of the range falls within the Wet Tropics World Heritage Area and is covered in richly diverse world heritage listed wet tropical forests including species of flora and fauna endemic to the range.
 The Hoosic River also known as the Hoosac the Hoosick (primarily in New York) and the Hoosuck (mostly archaic) is a 76.3-mile-long (122.8 km) tributary of the Hudson River in the northeastern United States. The different spellings are the result of varying transliterations of the river's original Algonquian name.
 Mount Greville is a cone-shaped and deeply fissured mountain in South East Queensland Australia. The mountain rises 720 m above sea level and is part of the Moogerah Peaks National Park. It lies approximately 100 km south west of Brisbane just outside the town of Boonah.
 Plinius is a prominent lunar impact crater on the border between Mare Serenitatis to the north and Mare Tranquilitatis to the south. South-southeast of Plinius is the crater Ross and to the northeast is Dawes. Just to the north is a system of rilles named the Rimae Plinius.
 Sgùrr an Utha and Fraoch-bheinn are two hills above Glenfinnan in Lochaber Highland Scotland. The two summits are joined by a summit ridge which is 735 m above sea level at its lowest elevation. The glen of Glen Finnan itself lies just to the east.This is the only known site in the British Isles for the arctic plant Diapensia lapponica first discovered there in 1951.The hills are most commonly climbed from Glen Finnan to the south.
 Oak Hill Lake (Halifax) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Western Fells are a group of hills in the English Lake District. Centred on Great Gable they occupy a triangular area between Buttermere and Wasdale. The Western Fells are characterised by high ridges and an abundance of naked rock.
 Elsava is a just 25 km long right tributary of the Main (river) in the administrative districts Aschaffenburg and Miltenberg in the Bavarian Spessart. It flows into the river Main in Elsenfeld. The short section upstream from Hessenthal to Mespelbrunn is called Kaltenbach.
 The Valea Largă River or Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Olt river in Romania.
 The Little Lost River is a river in the central part of the U.S. state of Idaho. The river is about 49 miles (79 km) long and drains an arid farming valley the Little Lost River Valley bordered by the Lost River Range on the west and Lemhi Range on the east. Instead of emptying into a larger body of water it disappears into the ground at the edge of the Snake River Plain a phenomenon that gives it its name.
 The Lidder Valley or Liddar Valley in the state of Jammu and Kashmir India is a Himalayan sub-valley that forms the northeastern corner of the Vale of Kashmir. The Lidder River flows down the valley. The entrance to the valley lies seven km northeast from Anantnag town and 62 km southeast from Srinagar the capital of Jammu and Kashmir. It is a 40-km-long gorge valley with an average width of 3 km.
 The Indian River is river in the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia Canada. It is in the Pacific Ocean drainage basin and is a tributary of Indian Arm.
 The Pea River is a 154-mile-long (248 km) tributary of the Choctawhatchee River near Geneva Alabama. It is a popular destination for those with canoes and other small boats as well as fishermen seeking bass sunfish or mullet.
 The Aguán River (also commonly known by its Spanish name Rio Aguán) is a river in Honduras. It rises in the Yoro region to the west of San Lorenzo and briefly runs south before turning East-North-East passing San Lorenzo Olanchito and Tocoa before entering the Caribbean Sea east of Puerto Castilla.The river is 240 kilometres in length. In 1998 Hurricane Mitch caused to the river to burst its banks at several points along its length.
 Limeckebach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Valea Peșterii River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
 The Liverpool Range is a mountain range and a lava-field province in New South Wales Australia.The eastern peaks of the range were the traditional territory of the Wonnarua people.
 The Râul Vizuinii is a tributary of the Gota River in Romania.
 The Wiriehorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located south of Zwischenflüh in the Bernese Oberland.
 Mukhra Thuthai Haphong is a significant border peak of Bangladesh situated in the southern part of Belaichori of Rangamati Hill District.In April 2013 Fahim Hasan of BD Explorer summitted and measured this peak for the first time. Elevation measured at 953.6 metres (3129 ft). The name of the peak was collected by BD Explorer and confirmed by the local tribal people of Dhupanichora village. The name Mukhra Thuthai Haphong came from the Tripura language.
 Losna is a lake which lies in the municipalities of Ringebu and Øyer in Oppland county Norway. Losna is a part of the Gudbrandsdalslågen which is in this region so broad and runs so slowly that this stretch is recognized as a lake. It has an area of 10.50 km² and a length of 11 km. It lies 181 m above sea level.
 The Edwards River is a river of New Zealand. A tributary of the Bealey River it arises in the Polar Range to the east of Arthur's Pass and flows south-west within Arthur's Pass National Park. The Mingha River joins it just before it enters the Bealey. It is one of the headwaters of the Waimakariri River.A tramping track runs part of the way along the river to a backcountry hut.
 Rabbit Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Balta Neagră River is a tributary of the Sacovăț River in Romania.
 Jacksons Lake is a small lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County Ontario Canada.The lake is about 380 metres (1247 ft) long and 110 metres (361 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 214 metres (702 ft) about 5.5 kilometres (3 mi) west of the community of Kaladar and 2 kilometres (1 mi) north of Ontario Highway 7.
 The Pellejas River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Vakh River (Russian: Вах) is a river in Khanty–Mansia Russia. It is a right tributary of the Ob River. The Vakh River is 964 km long; the area of its basin is 76700 km². It begins at the watershed of the basin of the Ob the Yenisei and the Taz Rivers. The Vakh River's main tributaries are the Kulynigol the Sabun the Kolikyegan and the Bolshoy Megtygyegan. Since the Vakh like the Ket River flows from east to west it was an important early transportation route.
 Lucerne Lake is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California 24 km (15 mi) east of Apple Valley. The lake is approximately 6 km (3.7 mi) long and 8 km (5.0 mi) at its widest point.
 The Ouțul River is a tributary of the Cicârlău River in Romania.
 The River East Stour is one of the tributaries of the Great Stour in Kent. The East Stour 10.3 miles (16.5 km) long ) rises on the Greensand ridge at Postling north of Hythe as a number of small streams. It then flows under the M20 motorway to continue in a westward direction: the river meanders across the Low Weald plain passing Mersham on the way.
 Cocoa Crater is a cinder cone in the Stikine Country of northwestern British Columbia Canada. It is located 38 km southeast of Telegraph Creek and 8 m (26 ft) southwest of Mount Edziza. Cocoa Crater is one of the 30 cinder cones around the Mount Edziza complex that formed in the year 700. The ash around Cocoa Crater is quite deep its summit is a jet black color and its summit is red. It is quite a different color from the brown color of Coffee Crater which is to the south of Cocoa Crater.
 The Egreșu River is a tributary of the Homorodul Mare River in Romania.
 Basshornlaufgraben is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Turtle Mountain is a mountain in Alberta Canada.It is located in the Crowsnest River Valley and is part of the Blairmore Range of the Canadian Rockies. The headwaters of the Oldman River are found here.
 The Treapteanca River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Cardinia Creek is a fresh water creek which flows from Cardinia Reservoir into Western Port Bay south east of Melbourne.It forms the boundary between the City of Casey and the Shire of Cardinia. It runs through the town of Beaconsfield Victoria and is home to much native flora and fauna.
 Chaîne de la Selle is the name of a mountain chain in Haiti. Part of it is Pic la Selle which is the highest point of Haiti at a height of 2680 meters (8793 feet) above sea level.
 Sgùrr na Coinnich is the highest peak on the Sleat peninsula at the east end of the island of Skye. Together with its slightly lower neighbour Beinn na Caillich it overlooks the Skye Bridge that links the towns of Kyle of Lochalsh and Kyleakin. The maps suggest that the best starting point is the 278 metre Bealach Uday which marks the highest point of the minor road from Broadford to Kylerhea and is less than 2 km from the summit.
 Lacamas Lake is a small lake in Clark County Washington. It is a popular place to fish and water ski for locals from Vancouver Camas and Washougal. In the 1990s many high tech manufacturing plants and expensive housing developments began to appear in the area around the lake. The lake is very warm compared to other lakes in the area. As it is now the 60-foot-deep (18 m) lake cannot support life below about 18 feet.(see Dead Zone below)
 The Little Muskegon River is a 44.1-mile-long (71.0 km) tributary of the Muskegon River in western Michigan in the United States.
 Storheia is the highest mountain in Bymarka in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The 565-metre (1854 ft) tall mountain lies about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of the village of Langørjan. On clear days one can stand atop Storheia and see as far as the mountain Snøhetta about 130 kilometres (81 mi) away.
 Arkle Beck is the stream running through the valley of Arkengarthdale in the Yorkshire Dales England. It is a tributary of the River Swale to which it joins near Reeth. The beck itself has several tributaries which include:Great Punchard GillWilliam's GillAnnaside BeckRoe Beck
 Sallows is a fell in the English Lake District rising between the valleys of Kentmere and Troutbeck. It is the highest point in the upland area to the south of Garburn Pass variously termed Kentmere Park and Applethwaite Common on Ordnance Survey maps.
 The Berezayka (Russian: Березайка) is a river in Valdaysky District of Novgorod Oblast and Bologovsky District of Tver Oblast of Russia. It is left tributary of the Msta River and belongs to the drainage basin of the Neva and the Baltic Sea. It is 150 kilometres (93 mi) long and the area of its drainage basin is 3230 square kilometres (1250 sq mi). The principal tributary of the Berezayka is the Valdayka River (left).The course of Berezayka lies in the Valdai Hills.
 Lac de Suyen is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 1536 m its surface area is 0.02 km².
 Meheti'a or Me'eti'a is a volcanic island in the Windward Islands in the east of the Society Islands in French Polynesia. This island is a very young active stratovolcano 110 kilometres (68 mi) east of the Taiarapu Peninsula of Tahiti. It belongs to the Teahiti'a-Mehetia hotspot.The island has an area of 2.3 square kilometres (0.89 sq mi) and its highest point is 435 metres (1427 ft). Meheti'a's well-defined volcanic crater contains a very active hot point.
 The Albele River is a tributary of the Strâmbu River in Romania.
 Irwin Inlet is an inlet in the located on the Great Southern region of Western Australia.The inlet receives water from two main sources; Bow River of the North West and Kent River to the North East. The inlet itself discharges into the Southern Ocean via Foul Bay.The inlet is approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) East of Walpole and 30 kilometres (19 mi) West of Denmark.
 The Gspaltenhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located between the valleys of Kiental and Lauterbrunnen in the canton of Bern. With an elvation of 3436 metres above sea level the Gspaltenhorn is the highest summit of the range lying north-east of the Gamchilück pass (2837 m).
 The Manciuc River is a tributary of the Oituz River in Romania.
 Buffalo Bayou is a main waterway flowing through Houston in Harris County Texas. It begins in Katy Fort Bend County Texas and flows approximately 53 miles (85 km) east to the Houston Ship Channel and then into Galveston Bay and the Gulf of Mexico. Along the way the bayou receives several significant tributary bayous such as White Oak Bayou Greens Bayou and Brays Bayou and passes by several major parks and numerous smaller neighborhood parks.
 San Fernando Creek is a river in Texas.
 The Peixe River (Das Almas River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Lake Kummerow (German: Kummerower See) is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 0.3 m its surface area is 32.55 km². Its outflow is the Peene. It is situated southwest of Demmin. It is named after the village Kummerow on its southern shore.
 The Valea Mică River is a tributary of the Ciupari River in Romania.
 Head Lake is a lake in the village of Haliburton in Haliburton County Ontario Canada. Haliburton Village is in south central Ontario about 25 km (15 mi) east of the village of Minden and approximately 50 km (31 mi) south-west of the panhandle of Algonquin Park. From Ontario's largest city Toronto it is just over 200 km (124 mi) to Haliburton and from the national capital of Ottawa it is about 300 km (186 mi).Head Lake is in the Great Lakes Basin.
 Grenzbach (Darmühlenbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Mihara (三原山 Mihara-san) is an active volcano on the Japanese isle of Izu Ōshima. Although the volcano is predominantly basaltic major eruptions have occurred at intervals of 100–150 years.From a vantage point near the top of the cone it was once possible to leap into the crater. As a result the volcano became a popular venue for suicides. Beginning in the 1920s several suicides occurred in the volcano every week; more than six hundred people jumped in 1936.
 Morse is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon and cannot be seen directly from the Earth. It lies about one crater diameter to the southwest of the larger Fitzgerald. To the west-northwest of Morse is Dante.This is a relatively well-defined crater with features that have not been markedly eroded by subsequent impacts. There is a small crater along the southeastern rim however and the southern rim is somewhat disrupted.
 The Ijira River (伊自良川 Ijira-gawa) is a river in Japan which flows through Gifu Prefecture. It empties into the Nagara River.
 Mount Haig is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1862 after Haig Captain R.W.
 The Valea Muierii River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
 Ahmad is a crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Ahmad was first discovered in Voyager 2 images but was seen at much higher resolution though near the terminator by Cassini. It is located at 58.8° North Latitude 311.6° West Longitude and is 18.7 kilometers across. The western portion of the crater is largely absent either buried or disrupted by the eastern margin of Samarkand Sulci.
 The Cians is a mountain river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. Its source is in the mountains north of Beuil and it flows into the Var in Touët-sur-Var.The Cians flows though the following communes: Beuil Rigaud Pierlas Thiéry Touët-sur-Var.This river runs through an impressive canyon of red shale named “ Gorges du Cians ” where you can discover some very strange shapes due to erosion of the rock.
 Lac Blanc is a lake in Haut-Rhin France. At an elevation of 1055 m its surface area is 0.29 km².
 The Vălosu River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Petite Rivière is a river in Nova Scotia Canada located entirely within Lunenburg County. It is fed by numerous lakes and a portion of the watershed is the drinking water supply for the Town of Bridgewater. Three of the lakes on Petite Rivière (Hebb Millipisigate and Minamkeak) are the only known habitat of the Atlantic Whitefish. Through damming of the lakes some of the water that once fed the Medway River now flows through the Petite Rivière system.
 Red Screes is a fell in the English Lake District situated between the villages of Patterdale and Ambleside. It may be considered an outlier of the Fairfield group in the Eastern Fells but is separated from its neighbours by low cols. This gives Red Screes an independence which is reflected in its prominence.
 Mount Brooks is a mountain peak in the central Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve. The 11890-foot (3620 m) mountain is part of a ridge extending northeastward from the main Mount McKinley massif which includes Pyramid Peak and Mount Silverthrone. The ridge lies between Brooks Glacier and Traleika Glacier overlooking Muldrow Glacier to the north. The summit is partly covered by ice.
 The Mahogany Mountains are a mountain range located on the Nevada-Utah border located in Lincoln County Nevada and Iron County Utah.The range highpoint is Mahogany Peak (Lincoln County) located center-northwest and about 8665 ft in height. The Needle Mountains (Nevada-Utah) are attached north and both ranges lie attached to the south terminus of the White Rock Mountains of Nevada.
 Piz Corvatsch is a mountain of the Bernina Range overlooking Lake Silvaplana in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. With an elevation of 3451 m (11322 ft) it is the highest point on the range separating the main Engadin valley from the Val Roseg.A lower summit Piz Murtel (3304 m (10840 ft)) lies just above the cable car station (the cable car leaves from Silvaplana).
 Arapari River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 The Berchtesgaden Alps (German: Berchtesgadener Alpen) are a mountain range of the Northern Limestone Alps named after the market town of Berchtesgaden located in the centre. The central part belongs to the Berchtesgadener Land district of southeastern Bavaria Germany while the adjacent area in the north east and south is part of the Austrian state of Salzburg (Salzburger Land).
 Antofagasta de la Sierra is a volcanic field in Argentina. The main type of volcanic edifice in the area are scoria cones. The area contains the youngest vents in the whole of the Puna region of Argentina. It is considered by many authors that the cones in the field are only a few thousand years old thus putting them firmly into the Holocene period. The field lies between the Salar de Antofalla volcanic field and the Cerro Galan caldera.
 Thornton Gap is a wind gap located in the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia separating the Shenandoah Valley from the Piedmont region of the state.
 Monte Bisbino is a mountain of Lombardy Italy It has an elevation of 1325 metres.
 Leonards Pond also known as Leonard's Pond is a 54-acre (220000 m2) pond in Rochester Massachusetts. The pond is located west of Mary's Pond. The confluence of the west and east branches of the Sippican River is at this pond and the Sippican River continues as the outflow.
 The Râul Podurilor is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 The São Domingos River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Forbes River is a river in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It arises in the Two Thumb Range and flows east into the Havelock River which joins the Rangitira River which flows into the Pacific Ocean. The river was named by Julius von Haast after James David Forbes professor of Natural Philosophy at Edinburgh University in the mid 19th century.
 The Ash Pit is an inactive volcanic crater located in the Spectrum Range in British Columbia Canada. It is Holocene in age and is considered the youngest feature in the Spectrum Range volcanic complex. It is within the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province and is part of the Pacific Ring of Fire that includes over 160 active volcanoes.
 Emerald Lake is located near Emerald village in the Nilgiris district in Tamil Nadu. It is located in a region called the silent valley about 25 kilometers from the Ooty town.
 The Iavardi River is a river in Romania tributary of the Valea Rece River. A major feature of the river is the 7 metre high Zógó waterfall.The river's valley is notable for its lower Triassic limestone formations and is regarded as one of the most beautiful valleys in the region.
 Sommen is a Swedish lake. Its area is 132 km² and its greatest depth is 60 m.(although deeper places are found every year) The lake is located in southern Sweden and is bounded by the provinces of Östergötland and Småland.The lake is a clear-water lake with a visibility of 9–11 m in the eastern parts of the lake. This makes Sommen one of the greatest clear-water lakes in Sweden.According to tradition Sommen has 365 islands one for each day of the year.
 Bluff Knoll is a peak in the Stirling Range in the Great Southern region of Western Australia (WA). It is 1099 metres (3606 ft) above sea level and is one of only a few places to experience regular snowfalls in Western Australia with some snow reported in most years.
 The Rabaul caldera or Rabaul Volcano is a large volcano on the tip of the Gazelle Peninsula in East New Britain Papua New Guinea and derives its name from the town of Rabaul inside the caldera. The caldera has many sub-vents Tavurvur being the most well known for its devastating eruptions over Rabaul. The outer flanks of the highest peak a 688 metre-high asymmetrical pyroclastic shield are formed by thick pyroclastic flow deposits.
 The Huaco River is a river of Argentina.
 The Pârâul Șoimului is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Urenui River is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northeast before turning northwest to reach the coast at Urenui.
 The South Euboean Gulf (Greek: Νότιος Ευβοϊκός Κόλπος Notios Evvoïkos Kolpos) is a gulf in Central Greece between the island of Euboea and the Greek mainland. With a total length of approximately 50 km and a width of 10 to 20 km it stretches nearly diagonally from northwest to southeast from the Euripus strait which connects it to the North Euboean Gulf to the Petalies Gulf near Agia Marina in the south.
 Vegår is a lake in the municipality of Vegårshei in Aust-Agder county Norway. The lake is located about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) north of the municipal center of Myra and 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) east of the village of Åmli in the neighboring municipality.The three largest parts of the lake are named Vestfjorden Nordfjorden and Sørfjorden. The deepest point in the lake is in the Nordfjorden area. There are many small islands in the lake the largest of which is Furøya.
 The Jang River is a tributary of the Rezu Mare River in Romania.
 Dogtown Reservoir is located near Williams in North Central Arizona United States. Recreational facilities at the reservoir are maintained under the authority of the Kaibab National Forest.
 Lake Frances is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Runoff from the Dixon Glacier empties into the south side of the lake while runoff from Thunderbird Glacier flows into Thunderbird Creek and into the east shore of the lake.
 Sand Creek is a 43.3-mile-long (69.7 km) tributary of the St. Croix River in Pine County eastern Minnesota United States.
 The Kelly Hills (Yankunytjatjara: Aputjilpi) are a mountain range at the southern end of the Northern Territory of Australia. It is located directly north of the Musgrave Ranges and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northeast of Amaṯa. Its highest point is about 870 metres (2850 ft) above sea level. Mount Robert at the eastern end of the range is about 796 metres (2612 ft) above sea level. The area is known as Aputjilpinya in the native Yankunytjatjara language.
 The Apa Neagră River is a tributary of the Tocila River in Romania.
 Lake Tarawera is the largest of a series of lakes which surround the volcano Mount Tarawera in the North Island of New Zealand. Like the mountain it lies within the Okataina caldera. It is located 18 kilometres to the east of Rotorua and five kilometres to the west of the mountain. The lake's surface area is 39 km².
 The Rojdaș River is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania.
 The Ōkārito River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest from the northern end of Lake Mapourika reaching the Ōkārito Lagoon 15 kilometres west of Whataroa.
 La Caille is a lunar crater located in the rugged south-central highlands of the Moon. It is located to the northeast of the crater Purbach. Nearly attached to the southeast rim are the remains of Blanchinus and the two are separated by a rugged stretch of terrain. To the northeast is Delaunay a formation split in half by a ridge.The floor of La Caille has been flooded in the past by lava and the surface is relatively smooth and flat with no central rise.
 The Trinity Mountains are a mountain range of the Klamath Mountains system located in Siskiyou County Northern California.
 Mount Kaguyak is a stratovolcano located in the northeastern part of the Katmai National Park in Alaska. The 2.5 km wide caldera is filled by a more than 180 m deep crater lake. The surface of the crater lake lies about 550 m below the rim of the caldera. Postcaldera lava domes form a prominent peninsula in the center of the lake. The volcano is 901 m high and hosts a spectacular view because it rises from lowland areas near sea level in the south of the Big River.
 Baker Lake is a lake in northern Washington state in the United States. The lake is situated in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest and Baker River valley southwest of North Cascades National Park and is fed by the Baker River along with numerous smaller tributaries. The lake is approximately 10 miles (16 km) north of the town of Concrete Washington.The lake covers an area of 4800 acres (19 km2) and holds up to 285000 acre feet (352000000 m3) of water.
 No Name Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is just north of Pumpelly Pillar in the Two Medicine region of Glacier National Park. No Name Lake is a 5 miles (8.0 km) hike from the Two Medicine Store.
 The Barguelonne (French: la Barguelonne) is a 61.2 km (38.0 mi) long river in the Lot Tarn-et-Garonne and Lot-et-Garonne départements southwestern France. Its source is near Terry a hamlet in Pern. It flows generally southwest. It is a right tributary of the Garonne into which it flows between Golfech and Lamagistère.Its main tributary is the Barguelonnette.
 Big Sandy Pond is a 134-acre (0.54 km2) natural kettlehole pond in Plymouth Massachusetts. It is a semi-private pond located within West Wind Shores north of Buzzards Bay Little Sandy Pond and Whites Pond and east of Ezekiel Pond. The pond has an average depth of 19 feet (5.8 m) and a maximum depth of 37 feet (11 m). There are less than two miles (3 km) of shoreline. Bourne Road runs near the western shore of the pond.
 Sugarloaf Hill (not to be confused with Sugarloaf Mountain in Rio de Janeiro) lies between the Worcestershire Beacon and North Hill in the range of Malvern Hills that runs approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-south along the Herefordshire-Worcestershire border.The summit of Sugarloaf Hill is at an elevation of 368 m (1207 ft) and is a popular summit usually passed by walkers hiking between the Worcestershire Beacon and North Hill—respectively the highest and second highest Malvern Hills summits.
 Columbus Lake is a lake in northeast Mississippi on the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway. Close to Columbus it is impounded by the John C. Stennis Lock and Dam. Many people go there for the great recreational opportunities.
 The Wallooskee River is a tributary of the Youngs River about 10 miles (16 km) long in northwest Oregon in the United States. It drains a small area of the foothills of the Coast Range near the mouth of the Columbia River. The Youngs River is a tributary of the Columbia River.It rises southwest of Astoria in a northern Clatsop County at 46.108165°N 123.674857°W﻿ / 46.108165; -123.674857﻿ (Wallooskee River source). It flows generally west in a winding course.
 Sara River a perennial stream that is part of the Clarence River catchment is located in the New England and Northern Tablelands districts of New South Wales Australia.
 The Conway River is a 14.4-mile-long (23.2 km) river in the U.S. state of Virginia. Rising near the triple junction of Madison Greene and Page counties at the crest of Shenandoah National Park the river flows south then southeast to the Rapidan River northwest of Burtonville. The river is part of the Rappahannock River watershed.
 The Vara is a river of the Province of La Spezia in Liguria north-west Italy which runs through Varese Ligure Brugnato Borghetto di Vara and Castiglione di Vara. At 58 km it is the longest river in Liguria. The main source of the river is on Monte Zatta; for much of its course it flows in a southeasterly direction parallel to the Riviera di levante in the valley which takes its name: the Val di Vara.
 South Bay is a waterway in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in Hudson Bay off southwestern Southampton Island. It is west of Native Bay. The Kirchoffer River empties into the bay.
 The Schluchhorn is a mountain in the Bernese Alps overlooking Gsteig in the Bernese Oberland. The summit is located on the border between the cantons of Valais and Berne near the Sanetsch Pass.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Marinette County Wisconsin. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 718 feet (225 m). The lake contains bullheads bluegill and bass. It has a public boat access ramp.
 Krakower See is a lake in the Rostock district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 47.6 m its surface area is 15.07 km².
 Lüntenbeck is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Kleine Spree is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Kokshenga (Russian: Кокшеньга Кокшенга) is a river in Tarnogsky District of Vologda Oblast and Ustyansky and Velsky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Ustya River and thus belongs to the Northern Dvina river basin. The length of the river is 251 kilometres (156 mi). The area of its basin 5670 square kilometres (2190 sq mi). Its main tributaries are the Pechenga River (right) and Uftyuga (left).
 The Princess Margaret Range also called the Princess Margaret Mountains are a mountain range on Axel Heiberg Island in Nunavut Canada. The range is one of the most northern ranges in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera. The highest mountain in the range is Outlook Peak at 2210 m (7251 ft). The range has an area of 42865 km2 (16550 sq mi).
 Paluweh also known as Rokatenda is a stratovolcano that forms the small island of Palu'e north of Flores Island in Sikka Regency in the province of East Nusa Tenggara Indonesia. While the volcano rises about 3000 m (9840 ft) above the sea floor its cone rises just 875 metres (2871 ft) above sea level and is the highest point on the island.The broad summit region contains overlapping craters up to 900 m (2950 ft) wide along with several lava domes.
 The Ducașul de Jos River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 The Sărăcinești River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Mount Butak is a stratovolcano in East Java province on Java island Indonesia. It is a massive volcano adjacent to Mount Kawi. There are no historical records of its eruptions.
 Icalma Lake is a lake located in the Andes of the La Araucanía Region of Chile close to Icalma International Pass. It is connected to the Laguna Chica de Icalma by a short stream covering both lakes a surface total of 11.7 km². The lake drains northeastwards into the Biobío River by way of a 10-km-long river named Rukanuco.
 The Cordillera Occidental of Bolivia is part of the Andes (that is also part of the American Cordillera) a mountain range characterized by volcanic activity making up the natural border with Chile and starting in the north with Jucuri and ending in the south at the Licancabur volcano which is on the southern limit of Bolivia with Chile.
 The Katzenstein is a 627 metre high mountain in Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Mâtnic River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania. It is referred to as the Lazewski River by Hungarians and as the Čamak River by the Serbians. The Mâtnic River disintegrates into the Ramon Streams.
 San Miguel (also known as Volcán Chaparrastique) is a stratovolcano in central-eastern El Salvador. It is situated approximately 15 km southwest of the city of San Miguel. On December 29 2013 San Miguel erupted at 10:30 local time spewing ash and smoke into the sky and prompted the evacuation of thousands of people living in a 3 km radius around the volcano. The eruption was the first for 11 years.
 Nätraån is a river in Sweden.
 Lake Bathurst (Aboriginal: Bundong[citation needed]) is a shallow lake located 27 kilometres (17 mi) south-east of Goulburn New South Wales in Australia.
 Shah Alborz is a mountain peak in Alborz range in Iran. At an elevation of 4200 metres (13800 ft) it is the highest peak in the range. Its north face rises from the Alamout valley to the south lies the Taleghan Valley and to the west the plains of east-Ghazvin. Parts of the north face are covered by the Shah Alborz glacier at elevations of 3400 to 3600 metres (11200 to 11800 ft).
 Dyringshøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Rivière de Saint-Marc is a river of Haiti.
 Arago is a lunar impact crater located in the western part of the Mare Tranquillitatis. To the southwest lies the crater Manners and beyond are Dionysius and the Ritter–Sabine crater pair. To the southeast is the large Lamont formation that has been submerged by the mare.The rim of Arago has a bulge in the western wall. There is a central ridge that runs towards the northern wall. The surface of the mare nearby is marked by wrinkle ridges most notably to the east and southeast.
 Mansubong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 983 metres.
 Quiet Lake is a lake of Yukon Canada that is 28 kilometers in length and the largest lake of the three Big Salmon River system lakes. It was named in 1887 by John McCormack a gold prospector. Prior to the construction of the South Canol road which was completed in the 1940s the area was mostly reached by boating hundreds of miles up the Big Salmon Teslin or Nisutlin rivers.
 The Kill Van Kull is a tidal strait between Staten Island New York and Bayonne New Jersey in the United States. Approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) long and 1000 feet (305 m) wide it connects Newark Bay with Upper New York Bay. The Robbins Reef Light marks the eastern end of the Kill Bergen Point its western end.
 Mount Misen (弥山 Misen) is the holy mountain on the holy island Itsukushima in Hatsukaichi Hiroshima Japan; it is situated within the World Heritage area of Itsukushima Shrine.The sea around the island (Seto Inland Sea) and all of the island are within Setonaikai National Park.The foothills of the north side of the mountain are covered by primeval forest and have many buildings and gates including the temple of Daishō-in.
 The Santa Catarina River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Bell Canyon (the associated creek is also known as Bell Canyon Creek Bell Creek or Arroyo de las Campanas) is a gorge in the Santa Ana Mountains its stream flowing about 14.4 miles (23.2 km) to its confluence with San Juan Creek in Orange County of the U.S. state of California. A generally south-flowing watercourse it cuts through a narrow canyon bordered by the watersheds of Cañada Gobernadora and Trabuco Creek.
 Uffe (Ichte) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Ch'alla Qullu (Aymara ch'alla sand also an Aymara rite or custom qullu mountain sand mountain or ch'alla mountain hispanicized spellings Challacollo Challa Kkollu) is a mountain in the Andes located on the border of Bolivia and Chile in the Cordillera Occidental. It is about 4345 metres (14255 ft) high. Ch'alla Qullu lies northeast of the Salar de Huasco in the Tarapacá Region of Chile and the mountain Piqa on the border and west of the Salar de Uyuni and Canquella in Bolivia.
 Lake Ngami is an endorheic lake in Botswana north of the Kalahari Desert. It is seasonally filled by the Taughe River an effluent of the Okavango River system flowing out of the western side of the Okavango Delta. It is one of the fragmented remnants of the ancient Lake Makgadikgadi.
 The Suguta River is a seasonal river in the Great Rift Valley in Kenya (Africa) directly south of Lake Turkana.It flows northward through the Suguta Valley in the rainy season forming the temporary Lake Alablad a dry lake that combines with Lake Logipi at the northern end of the valley.The Suguta River originates in a stream of near-boiling water that emerges from the side of Mount Silali an extinct volcano.
 Lauter (Wetter) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Iijoki is a river of Finland in the region of Northern Ostrobothnia. It flows for 370 kilometres into the Gulf of Bothnia. Some of its many tributaries are Siuruanjoki and Livojoki.
 Spruce Mountain is a mountain in Elko County in the northeastern section of Nevada in the Great Basin region of the western United States. The summit is at 10267 feet (3129 m). Spruce Mountain is on a northeast–southwest trending ridge with a parallel Spruce Ridge to the northwest. To the east a low section of hills connects the mountain to the south end of the Pequop Mountains.
 Curtis Creek is a tidal creek located in Baltimore City and Anne Arundel County Maryland. It is a tributary of Curtis Bay. The creek begins at the confluence of Furnace Creek and Marley Creek and flows north about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) to Curtis Bay.
 Katla (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈkʰahtla] ) is a large volcano in southern Iceland. It is very active; twenty eruptions have been documented between 930 and 1918 at intervals of 13–95 years. It has not erupted violently for 96 years although there may have been small eruptions that did not break the ice cover including ones in 1955 and 1999.Prior eruptions have had a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of between 4 and 6 on a scale of 0 to 8.
 Mount Ripinski is a mountain located immediately to the north of Haines Alaska at the southern terminus in the Takshanuk Mountains.Mount Ripinski is a popular day hike for local residents of Haines and features two distinct trails that converge on the south side of the summit.
 Green Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Lost Corner Mountain is a mountain summit in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe on the border of the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County California. The city closest to it is Meyers California which is 4.4 miles away.The Pacific Crest Trail skirts the mountain on its west flank.
 Lake Glubokoye (Russian: Озеро Глубокое literally: Lake Deep) is a lake on the Eastern edge of the Putorana Plateau near Norilsk Russia. It is connected with Lake Melkoye (Lake Shallow) by the Glubokaya River. Area: 136 km² average depth: 16m.
 Prokofiev is a crater on the north pole of the planet Mercury. Data from the MESSENGER spacecraft indicates that it contains water ice and organic compounds.
 The Zigzag River is a tributary about 12 miles (19 km) long of the Sandy River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The Zigzag and one of its major tributaries the Little Zigzag River drain the Zigzag Glacier on Mount Hood a high volcanic peak in the Cascade Range. Their waters flow westward to meet the Sandy River near the community of Zigzag.
 The Pointe des Genevois is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Arolla in the canton of Valais. It lies just south of the higher summit of the Dent de Perroc.
 Baekhwasan is a mountain between the county of Yeongdong Chungcheongbuk-do and the city of Sangju Gyeongsangbuk-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 933 m (3061 ft).
 Limburg (Weilheim an der Teck) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Țibana River is a tributary of the Sacovăț River in Romania.
 Lai da Sontga Maria (Italian: Lago di Santa Maria) is a lake located north of the Lukmanier Pass in Switzerland. It lies almost entirely in the municipality of Medel (canton of Graubünden) a tiny fraction of the south-west part of the lake belonging to the municipalities of Quinto and Blenio (canton of Ticino). The reservoir has a surface area is 1.77 km². The arch dam Santa Maria was completed in 1968.
 The Wakhjir Pass (simplified Chinese: 瓦赫吉尔山口; traditional Chinese: 瓦赫吉爾山口; pinyin: Wǎhèjí'ěr Shānkǒu; Wade–Giles: Wa3-ho4-chi2-erh3 Shan1-K'ou3; ( کوتل وجیر Kōtal-e Vakhjīr) is a mountain pass in the Hindu Kush or Pamirs at the eastern end of the Wakhan Corridor the only pass between Afghanistan and China.
 The Galehorn (or Galenhorn) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located between the Nanztal and the Simplontal.
 The Varul River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 The Roach River is a river in Piscataquis County Maine. From the outlet of Third Roach Pond (45°39′02″N 69°14′29″W) in Shawtown (Maine Township A Range 12 WELS) the river runs 19.1 miles (30.7 km) west through Second and First Roach Ponds. The Roach River empties into Moosehead Lake the source of the Kennebec River in Spencer Bay (T1 R14 WELS).
 The Lake Lans or Lanser See is a lake for bathing near Lans located on the southern highlands above Innsbruck Austria. The lake can be reached by Streetcar Line 6 from Innsbruck. The lake is popular due to its green environment. It is used for ice-skating during the winter. The lake belongs to the city area of Innsbruck.Thanks to its fen water the Lanser See has excellent water quality; in summer it is affected due to the many guests though.
 Nordre Svånåtinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Dobra Voda (Cyrillic: Добра Вода English: Good Water) is a mountain peak near the city of Kičevo in Macedonia. It is the highest peak of the Celoica mountain range at 2062 meters above the sea level. Due to tectonic movements the height of this peak and surrounding mountains continues to rise.
 The Wey and Arun Canal is a partially restored 23-mile-long (37 km) canal in the south east of England. It runs southwards from the River Wey at Shalford Surrey to the River Arun at Pallingham in West Sussex.
 North Nahanni River is a river in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It is a major tributary of the Mackenzie River
 Brier Creek is a 123-mile-long (198 km) tributary of the Savannah River in the U.S. state of Georgia. It rises in Warren County east of Camak and flows southeast to the Savannah River in Screven County 12 miles (19 km) east of Sylvania.
 The Lägern (also spelled Lägeren; 866 m) is a wooded mountain of the Jura Mountains stretching from Baden to Dielsdorf about 15 km north-west of Zurich. The culminating point is located 1 km west of Hochwacht within the canton of Zurich the border with the canton of Aargau running on a slightly lower summit named Burghorn (859 m).The Lägern lies in the easternmost part of the Jura Mountains east of the river Aare.
 Monte Chierico is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Lake Tihu is a lake of Estonia.
 Lake Kulundinskoye (Russian: Кулундинское озеро) (located at 53°0′N 79°30′E) is located on the southern edge of the much larger West Siberian Plain of south-central Russia. This lake along with many other lakes in the region exhibits a wide array of colors. The variations in color suggest that each lake is at a different stage of eutrophication.
 The Pamet River is a 4.2-mile-long (6.8 km) river in Truro Massachusetts on Cape Cod. It is named for the Paomet tribe.The river is primarily salt marsh flows west nearly all the way across Cape Cod from its eastern beaches and empties into Cape Cod Bay. It lies a few miles south of the Little Pamet River.The upper Pamet River is made up of a freshwater marsh. The marsh occupies the broad floor of the upper Pamet River valley.
 The Svrljiški Timok (Cyrillic: Сврљишки Тимок) is a river in Serbia headwater of the Beli Timok. It rises north of the Mountains of Svrljig near the village of Šesti Gabar at elevation 1078 m and flows to the west curving around the northern slopes of the Mountains of Svrljig.
 The Pinheirinho River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Komagaksla (or Vatnafjellet) is the highest mountain on the island of Sørøya in Hammerfest Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 659-metre (2162 ft) tall mountain sits along the southern shore of the island.
 Gorny Institute (Russian: Горный Институт) also spelled Gornyi Institut is a stratovolcano located in the Sredinny Range on the Kamchatka Peninsula Russia It lies just east of the Titila volcano and north of the Kebeney volcano.The volcano is named after the St. Petersburg State Mining Institute which was established by Catherine the Great to oversee the study of mining and mountain geology.
 Suttle Lake is a natural lake near the crest of the Cascade Range in central Oregon United States covering 253 acres (1.02 km2). It was named in honor of John Settle whose name was misspelled when the lake was officially recorded as a geographic feature. Today the lake is located within the Deschutes National Forest and serves as one of central Oregon's most popular outdoor recreation sites with three large campgrounds and two day-use areas along the south shore of the lake.
 Öræfajökull is an ice-covered volcano in south-east Iceland at the southern extremity of the Vatnajökull glacier and overlooking the Ring Road between Höfn and Vík. It is the largest active volcano in the country and on the summit crater's north-western rim is Hvannadalshnúkur the highest peak in Iceland at 2110 metres (6920 ft). Geographically Öræfajökull is considered part of Vatnajökull and the area covered by glacier is within the boundary of Vatnajökull National Park.
 The Río de la Ciénaga is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Silver Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and descends to the northwest from near the summit of Mount Spickard. Silver Glacier descends from 8700 to 7200 ft (2700 to 2200 m) and Silver Lake lies .50 mi (0.80 km) below the current terminus of the glacier. The National Park Service is currently studying Silver Glacier as part of their glacier monitoring project.
 Wamberal Lagoon an intermittently closed intermediate saline coastal lagoon is located on the Central Coast region of New South Wales Australia. Wamberal Lagoon is located between the beachside settlements of Forresters Beach and Wamberal and adjacent to the east coast about 87 kilometres (54 mi) north of Sydney.
 Pizzo Redorta is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Mount Juneau is a 3576-foot (1090 m) massif in Southeast Alaska just one and a half miles east of downtown Juneau Alaska in the Boundary Ranges.
 Geal-Chàrn (Scottish Gaelic: White Peak) is a mountain in the Highlands of Scotland 14 kilometres North East of Corrour railway station
 Mahoning Creek is a 16.7-mile-long (26.9 km) tributary of the Lehigh River in Schuylkill and Carbon counties catching the runoff of the Mahoning Hills region of Pennsylvania in the United States.Mahoning Creek rises due south of the borough of Summit Hill on the opposite side of the divide in a saddle connecting its two flanking ridgelines runs parallel to and along the south slopes of Pisgah Mountain diverges from the Mahoning Hills to run along the north-side slopes of Mauch Chunk Ridge passes through Mahoning Township then joins the Lehigh River near the borough of Lehighton.
 The Grantham Canal is a canal that runs for 33 miles (53 km) from Grantham falling through 18 locks to West Bridgford where it joins the River Trent. It was built primarily to allow for the transportation of coal to Grantham. It opened in 1797 and its profitability steadily increased until 1841. It was then sold to a railway company after which it declined and was finally closed in 1936.
 Phnom Samkos (Mount Samkos) is the second-highest peak in Cambodia located in the western Cardamom Mountains at 1717 metres (5633 ft) above sea level. It is situated within the Phnom Samkos Wildlife Sanctuary which takes its name from the mountain and the Central Cardamom Protected Forest. The elevation and surrounding forest basin support a large variety of rare flora and fauna.
 The Iezer River is a tributary of the Tutova River in Romania.
 The Barron River is located on the Atherton Tableland inland from Cairns in Northern Queensland Australia. With its headwater at Lake Tinaroo it is more than 165 kilometres (103 mi) long and has a catchment area of approximately 2138 km².
 Sierra de Utiel (Valencian: Serra d'Utiel) is a 16.45 km (10 mi) long mountain range in the Alt Palància Alt Millars and Plana Baixa comarcas Valencian Community Spain. Its highest point is the 1306 m high El Remedio (Valencian: El Remei). There is often snow in the winter.
 The Kehelgamu Oya (translated into Kehelgamu River from Sinhala) is a major upstream tributary of the Kelani River. The tributary measures 50 km (31 mi) in length originating from the hills of the Horton Plains National Park before passing through the Castlereigh Reservoir. Kehelgamu Oya converges with the Maskeliya Oya at Kalugala forming the 100 km (62 mi) long Kelani River. The river is heavily used for hydroelectric power generation.
 The Bardiu River is a tributary of the Ruscova River in Romania.
 Crystal Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the south slopes of Mount Shuksan. Descending 1.25 mi (2.01 km) from just east of the summit of Mount Shuksan near its origination point Crystal Glacier is connected to the larger Sulphide Glacier to the west. Crystal Glacier descends from 8200 to 5800 ft (2500 to 1800 m) and is also connected to East Nooksack Glacier as well as Hanging Glacier near it uppermost margins.
 Balderhead Reservoir is a reservoir in Baldersdale County Durham England.
 Pasaleng Bay also Paselang Bay is a bay on the north coast of the Philippines. Pasaleng village is located at its head point of Ilocos Norte island in the municipality of Pagudpud which is the last of the island which borders the Cagayan Province.Fishing studies have indicated that there are 319 species of marine organisms of 59 families in the bay and 169 fishing boats are in operation.
 Reichenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Selizharovka (Russian: Селижа́ровка) is a river in Tver Oblast Russia a left tributary of the Volga River. It is one of the uppermost substantial tributaries of the Volga. A settlement of Selizharovo is located at its mouth.
 Mount Lauro is a mountain reaching 986 metres located in south-eastern Sicily belonging to the chain of Hyblaean Mountains stretching between three provinces of Catania Ragusa and Siracusa.
 The Mizque River (Quechua misk'i sweet) is a river of Bolivia in the Cochabamba Department. It is a tributary of Río Grande.
 The Dents du Midi (French: The Teeth of the South) are a multi-summited mountain situated in the Chablais Alps in the Swiss canton of Valais. They are composed of seven distinct summits and reach a height of 3257 metres (10686 feet). Dominating the Val-d'Illiez and the Rhône Valley to the south it faces the Lac de Salanfe an artificial reservoir. Geologically it makes up a part of the massif Haut-Giffre.
 The Mataikona River is a river of the Wairarapa of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southwest from its sources in rugged hill country 30 kilometres southwest of Pahiatua flowing to the Pacific Ocean which it reaches 15 kilometres northeast of Castlepoint.
 Lac de l'Eychauda is a lake in Hautes-Alpes France.
 The Novo River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Endeavour Strait is a strait running between the Australian mainland and Prince of Wales Island in the extreme south of the Torres Strait. It was named in 1770 by explorer James Cook after his own vessel The Endeavour and he used the strait as passage out to the Indian Ocean on his voyage.The Endeavour Strait is approximately thirty statute miles (50 km) in length from its northernmost tip to its southern extremities and varies from two to six miles (3 to 10 km) in breadth.
 The Șteaza River is a headwater of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Zwönitz is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Wehlaberg is a hill in Brandenburg Germany.
 Middle Fork Elk River is a 3.5-mile-long (5.6 km) stream in Colorado. It flows from a confluence of Gilpin Creek and Gold Creek in Routt National Forest north of Steamboat Springs to a confluence with the North Fork Elk River that forms the Elk River
 Fallen Leaf Lake once called Dead Lake is a lake in Camas Washington. Once home to Dead Lake Cemetery it and the area surrounding are now fenced off to the public. This property had been owned by the local Camas paper mill for decades. Currently the mill is owned by the Georgia-Pacific Corporation a subsidiary of Koch Industries Inc.
 The Spirit River is a river in northern Alberta Canada. The name is a translation of the Cree words Chepe Sepi meaning ghost or spirit.The town of Spirit River is established close to the river banks and is named for the river as is the Municipal District of Spirit River No. 133 and the Spirit River Formation a geological formation of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
 The Oude Maasje (Little Old Meuse) is a former distributary of the river Maas (or Meuse) which runs parallel to the current canalised Bergse Maas.
 Ipswich River is a small river in northeastern Massachusetts USA. It is 35 miles (56 km) long and its watershed is approximately 155 sq mi (401 km2) with an estimated population in the area of 160000 people.
 Etzel Pass (el. 950 m.) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland.It connects Pfäffikon and Einsiedeln. It lies on the route of pilgrimage to the abbey at Einsiedeln and on to Santiago de Compostela
 The Valea Râpoasă River is a tributary of the Arcuș River in Romania.
 Stefan Platteau is the Himalayan peak situated in eastern Kumaun of the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state in India. The altitude of the peak is 6559 m. Chiring We is the highest peak above the Kalabaland Glacier. Chiring We massif which include peaks like Bamba Dhura (6334 m) Suli Top (6300 m) Trigal (5983 m) Suitilla (6373 m) separates Lassar Yankti valley from Kalabaland valley. The peak literally means 'Mountain of long life'.
 Mount Atago (愛宕山 Atago-yama) is a mountain on the border of the cities of Minamibōsō and Kamogawa in Chiba Prefecture Japan with an altitude of 408.2 m (1339 ft). It is the highest point in Chiba Prefecture. Mount Atago is at the west of the Mineoka Mountain District of the Bōsō Hill Range. The kanji for Mount Atago 愛 and 宕 mean 'love' and 'cave' respectively.
 The Pleș River is a tributary of the Rosua River in Romania.
 Lifjell (Kongsberg) is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Appalachian Mountains (/ˌæpəˈleɪʃɨn/ or /ˌæpəˈlætʃɨn/ French: les Appalaches) often called the Appalachians are a system of mountains in eastern North America. The Appalachians first formed roughly 480 million years ago during the Ordovician Period and once reached elevations similar to those of the Alps and the Rocky Mountains before they were eroded.
 Lohmgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Wollenberg is a hill in Hesse Germany.
 Ala-Kitka is a medium-sized lake in the Koutajoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Northern Ostrobothnia in Finland. It is connected with a bigger lake Yli-Kitka with a Raappanansalmi strait. They can be calcuated together in the name of Kitkajärvi.
 Liddel Water is a river running through southern Scotland and northern England for much of its course forming the border between the two countries and was formerly one of the boundaries of the Debatable Lands.Liddel Water's source is beneath Peel Fell in Roxburghshire in the Scottish Borders where it is formed by the confluence of Caddroun Burn Wormscleuch Burn and Peel Burn (burn is the Scots term for a stream).
 Lake Delton is a man-made freshwater lake in Sauk County in central Wisconsin. For much of 2008 it was a mostly empty lake basin after a portion of a county highway that forms part of the dike wall eroded on June 9 2008 under the pressure of floods in the area. The resulting washout caused the lake to empty leaving behind only rainwater pools and the flow from Dell Creek. By March 2009 major repairs to correct the problem were completed and the lake was allowed to refill.
 The Grantham River is a river in the Canterbury region of New Zealand. It arises in the Hanmer Range near Mount Miromiro in the Hanmer Forest Park and flows south-east into the Waiau River which has its mouth on the Pacific Ocean.A thermal spring on the river is undeveloped.
 Kleine Sinn is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Wanapitei occupies a meteorite crater in Sudbury Ontario Canada. It is located near the large Sudbury meteorite crater but is not related to it.The crater is 5.2 mi (8.4 km) in diameter and the age is estimated to be 37.2 ± 1.2 million years placing it in the Eocene.It was evident by the mid-1970s that Wanapitei Lake was an impact crater. Remarkably it lies on the eastern edge of the much older larger Sudbury structure.
 Mount Olympus (Greek: Όλυμπος - Olympos) is a mountain in the eastcentral part of the island of Euboea Greece. Its maximum elevation is 1172 m. It is not the highest mountain of Euboea that is 1743 m high Dirfi 16 km to the north. The Olympus is 10 km north of Amarynthos 11 km northeast of Eretria and 24 km east of the city of Chalcis. There are forests on the northern slopes while most of the mountain range is covered with grassland and bushes.
 Bee Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country and is wholly in the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 2946 feet (898 m). The mountain generates feeder streams for the Catawba River.It is one of the more isolated mountains in North Carolina with only one road (Roseboro Road/SR1511) that remotely goes near it.
 Ayyub is an impact crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Ayyub was first observed in Cassini images during that mission's February 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 38.4° North Latitude 295.7° West Longitude and is 18 kilometers across. The topography of the impact crater appears very subdued suggesting that the crater has undergone significant viscous relaxation since its formation.
 Beaton Creek is a tributary of the Columbia River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 Lake Ianthe is a lake located on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. A number of small streams flow into the lake and it empties into the Wanganui River. It is close to the coast and near the rural settlements of Pukekura and Hari Hari and State Highway 6 runs along the eastern shore of the lake on its route between Ross and the Franz Josef Glacier.The lake is popular for boating swimming and trout fishing.
 The Higa River is a tributary of the Bârnaru River in Romania.
 The Aspen Brook is a 3.9-mile-long (6.3 km) tributary of the Big Thompson River in Larimer County Colorado. The stream's source is near Wind River Pass. It flows north to a confluence with the Big Thompson in Rocky Mountain National Park.
 The Olpret River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Loch Assynt (Loch Asaint in Scottish Gaelic) is a freshwater loch in Sutherland Scotland 8 km ENE of Lochinver.Situated in a spectacular setting between the heights of Canisp Quinag and Beinn Uidhe it receives the outflow from Lochs Awe Maol a' Choire and Leitir Easaich. It discharges into the sea at Loch Inver via the river Inver.
 Hemed is a mountain in the western part of the Arta Region in south-central Djibouti. It is located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) east of the capital Djibouti City. The summit is 1103 metres (3619 ft) above sea level.
 The Adelegg is a forested mountain range up to 1129 m above sea level and 112 km² in area which is part of the northern foothills of the Alps within the Westallgäu in the south German districts of Ravensburg and Oberallgäu.
 Wabamun Lake (sometimes spelled Wabumun) is one of the most heavily used lakes in Alberta Canada. It lies 65 kilometres (40 mi) west of Edmonton Alberta. It is 19.2 kilometres (11.9 mi) long and 6.6 kilometres (4.1 mi) narrow covers 82 square kilometres (32 sq mi) and is 11 meters deep at its deepest(36 ft) with somewhat clear water.Its name derives from the Cree word for mirror.Wabamun was reputedly the best whitefish lake in the Edmonton area and is well known for its large northern pike.
 The Rocher Rond (round rock) is a summit in the Dévoluy massif of the French Alps. It is the highest point of the Vercors Regional Natural Park although it is not part of the Vercors massif and also the highest point in the department of Drôme. It has an elevation of 2453 metres and an isolation of 8.77 km. It is the 14th highest French department highpoint.
 The Beta River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Ghereș River is a headwater of the Jieţ in Romania.
 The Otta river flows through the Ottadal valley in the municipalities of Skjåk Lom Vågå and Sel in Norway.The river Otta begins in Skjåk municipality and flows into lake Vågåvatn. Exiting the Vågåvatn at Vågåmo it continues its journey through the Ottadal leaving Vågå municipality to meet the Gudbrandsdalslågen at the town Otta in Sel municipality.The watershed of the Otta drains an area of 3948 km².The Otta River is known for rafting.
 The Strabane Canal is a short (four mile) canal in County Tyrone Northern Ireland. It connected the market town of Strabane to the navigable River Foyle and thence to the port of Londonderry on the north coast of Ireland. The canal opened in 1796 and closed in 1962.
 Little Pine Creek is a tributary of Pine Creek in Lycoming County Pennsylvania in the United States.Little Pine Creek is formed by the confluence of Blockhouse Creek and Texas Creek approximately 15.8 miles (25.4 km) upstream of Pine Creek. Blacks Creek joins Blockhouse Creek approximately 0.8 miles (1.3 km) above.4.2 miles (6.8 km) of Little Pine Creek flows through Little Pine State Park.
 Bajášjávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 6.3-square-kilometre (2.4 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 800 metres (2600 ft) west of the border with Finland.
 Baldwins Creek is a tributary of the Stony Brook in Mercer County New Jersey in the United States.
 Gladhouse Reservoir formerly Moorfoot Loch is a reservoir in Midlothian Scotland five miles (8 km) south of Penicuik. It is the largest area of freshwater in the Lothians.The 460-acre (1.9 km2) reservoir in the Moorfoot Hills is one of a group of reservoirs which supply Edinburgh with water. It is fed by the River South Esk.Gladhouse Reservoir is also a Site of Special Scientific Interest or SSSI and a Special Protection Area.
 Paukjärv is a lake in Estonia.
 Perrine is a lunar crater that is located on the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the west of the large walled plain Landau and to the northeast of the crater Charlier. To the north-northwest is the smaller Gullstrand.This is an unusual formation that forms part of a chain of connected craters. The western two-thirds of Perrine is overlain by the slightly smaller Perrine S so that Perrine is crescent-shaped.
 Harbor Hill was a spectacular Long Island mansion built from 1899-1902 in Roslyn New York commissioned by Clarence Hungerford Mackay. It was designed by McKim Mead and White with Stanford White supervising the project. It was the largest home he ever designed.[1]Clarence Mackay (1874–1938) was the son of Comstock Lode magnate John William Mackay and inherited much of an estimated $500 million fortune upon his father's death in 1902 (approximately $13 billion in 2012 dollars).
 The Sunători River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Pourangaki River is a river of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from sources in the Ruahine Range reaching the Kawhatau River 13 kilometres east of Mangaweka.
 The Manistique River is a 71.2-mile-long (114.6 km) river in the U.S. state of Michigan that winds southward through the central Upper Peninsula from its headwaters near Lake Superior to its mouth in Lake Michigan. It drains approximately 1461 square miles (3780 km2) of the Upper Peninsula including most of Schoolcraft County and small portions of Alger County Delta County Luce County and Mackinac County.
 The Lapithas (Greek: Λαπίθας) is a mountain located in southern Elis in the western Peloponnese in Greece. The mountains are named after the mythical people the Lapiths.[citation needed] In the west the mountain touches the Ionian Sea. It is 15 to 20 km long and 10 km wide and covers and area of 100 to 150 km².
 Timber Ridge is a mountain ridge of the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians straddling the U.S. states of Virginia and West Virginia. Timber Ridge extends from the forks of Sleepy Creek at Stotlers Crossroads in Morgan County West Virginia to Lehew in Hampshire County West Virginia. The ridge is predominantly forested as its name suggests with the exception of a number of orchards and open fields.
 The Valea Orățiilor River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 The Barama River is a river of Guyana.To Gunajit Baishya From Barama
 Lubiniezky is a lava-flooded lunar crater on the northwest edge of Mare Nubium. This feature is most readily located by finding the prominent crater Bullialdus to the southeast.The floor of Lubiniezky has been resurfaced by basaltic lava which most likely entered from the surrounding mare through the gap in the southeast wall. The surviving rim forms a curved worn rise around the relatively flat and featureless inner floor. The rim is joined by ridges attached to the north and west walls.
 The Ausa or Aussa (Latin: Alsa) is a river in the Italian province of Udine. Its source is near the city of Udine. The river flows south past Palmanova Aiello del Friuli Cervignano del Friuli and Terzo d'Aquileia before emptying into the Laguna di Marano between Marano Lagunare and Aquileia.
 Alluitz (also Aitlluiz or Ailuitz ) is a peak of Biscay Basque Country (Spain) 1034.3 metres high.
 The Río Blanco (Lares Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Blackford Hill 164 metres (538 ft) is a hill in Edinburgh the capital city of Scotland. It is in the area of Blackford between Morningside and the Braid Hills. Together with the Hermitage of Braid it comprises the 60.3 hectares (149 acres) Hermitage of Braid and Blackford Hill Local Nature Reserve within which lies Hermitage House.
 The Valea Barbului River is a tributary of the Valea Boaru River in Romania.
 Castle Mountain is a forested mountain ridge that lies along the Cacapon River south of its confluence with the North River at Forks of Cacapon in Hampshire County West Virginia. The mountain is named for the Caudy's Castle (also known as Castle Rock) rock outcrop pillar that lies on its southern end overlooking the Cacapon River. Castle Run which runs along its western flank into the North River also takes its name from the outcrop.
 Black Lake is a lake in the Mackenzie River drainage basin in northern Saskatchewan Canada. It is about 55 kilometres (34 mi) long 17 kilometres (11 mi) wide has an area of 464 square kilometres (179 sq mi) and lies at an elevation of 281 metres (922 ft).
 The Valea Cetății River is a tributary of the Dezna River in Romania.
 Naneghat (Marathi: नाणेघाट) is a mountain pass in the Western Ghats range near Junnar in Pune district of Maharashtra India. During the reign of the Satavahana (200 BCE–190 CE) the pass was extensively used as a trade route between Kalyan and Junnar. Literally the name nane means coin and ghat means pass. The name is given because this path was used as a tollbooth to collect toll from traders crossing the hills.
 The German Thaya or Austrian Thaya (German: Deutsche Thaya Czech: Rakouská Dyje) is a river in Lower Austria.The river originates southwest of Schweiggers at an altitude of 657.5 meters. First it flows in north-easterly direction to the village of Vitis where it is joined by the left tributary Jaudlingbach. It flows further eastward to Schwarzenau and gradually turns to the north zig-zagging through Waidhofen Thaya and Dobersberg.
 The Ouelle River flows through the towns of Saint-Pacôme and Rivière-Ouelle in Québec.
 Langat River is a river in Selangor state Malaysia. The Langat River is 78 km long with a chatchment of 2350 km² and originates from the Titiwangsa Range at Gunung Nuang. It drains westward to the Straits of Malacca. The major tributaries of Langat River are the Sungai Semenyih and Sungai Labu.
 The Copăcelu River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Crotched Mountain is a small isolated mountain in western Hillsborough County New Hampshire in the United States. The 2063-foot (629 m) summit of the mountain is in the town of Francestown while the western slopes of the mountain rise in the town of Bennington and a long southern ridge of the mountain is in Greenfield. The mountain was named for its appearance.
 Hellgraben is a river in Hesse Germany.
 The Onekaka River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from its sources in the northeast of Kahurangi National Park reaching Golden Bay 13 kilometres northwest of Takaka.
 Crook Hill is a small hill in the Peak District National Park in the English county of Derbyshire 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of Castleton.
 The Mariricu River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Valea Roșie River is a tributary of the Băiţa River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of headwaters Lăpușna Mare and Lăpușna Mică
 The Gărgălău River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Santo Domingo River in Oaxaca state Mexico is one of the main tributaries of the Papaloapan River rising in the Sierra Madre de Oaxaca and flowing east towards San Juan Bautista Tuxtepec above which it joins with the Valle Nacional River to form the Papaloapan.Carrying sediment from the mountains it was a major cause of flooding in the coastal plain of Veracruz by reducing the capacity of the Papaloapan to drain the plains.To alleviate these problems the Cerro de Oro Dam was constructed on the river just above the junction with the Valle Nacional completed in 1989. 
 The Scoaba Tinicioara River is a tributary of the Suseni River in Romania.
 Avicenna is a lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon just beyond the western limb on the northern rim of the Lorentz basin. It is named after the Persian physician Avicenna. It lies to the north-northwest of the larger crater Nernst and to the southeast of Bragg.The northern half of Avicenna has been obliterated by subsequent overlapping impacts. The southern and southeastern rim is worn and eroded but the outline can still be discerned.
 Marsh Lake Nova Scotia is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Bird Hills are a mountain range in Lassen County California.
 One of the top ten inland sailing places in the world Lake Hefner is a reservoir in northwestern Oklahoma City Oklahoma. It was built in 1947 to expand the water supply for the city of Oklahoma City. It also serves as a major recreational destination as it is surrounded by 9.5 miles (15.3 km) of bicycle trails. Lake Hefner covers 2500 acres (10 km²) and averages 29 feet (9 m) deep. It is named after Robert A.
 The Tocila Mică River is a tributary of the Râul Tocilelor in Romania.
 The Wellington River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Kuyalnik Estuary (Ukrainian: Куяльницький лиман Crimean Tatar: Kuyanlık) is an estuary of the Velyky Kuyalnik River located on the northwestern shores of the Black Sea near the city of Odessa. The area of the estuary is 56-60 km² with a length of 28 km and a width of 3 km. Average depth is about 3 m. The estuary is separated from the Black Sea by a broad sandbar 3 km in width.
 Dim River (Turkish: Dim Çayı) is a Turkish river located in the Alanya district of Antalya province. The source of the Dim River are the river systems in the highlands of Konya Province with the river itself around 60 kilometres (37 mi) flowing westwards into the Mediterranean Sea.The river is a popular tourist destination with the wide Dim Çayi Valley area containing many riverside restaurants and tourist facilities.
 Whitefish Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins on the border between the Cashel portion of Tudor and Cashel Hastings County and Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County in Ontario Canada.The lake is about 1.1 kilometres (0.7 mi) long and 0.9 kilometres (0.6 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 336 metres (1102 ft) about 11 kilometres (7 mi) northeast of the community of Gunter and 18 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of the community of Cloyne.
 Castle Rock is a volcanic plug located 13 km (8 mi) west of Iskut and 8 km northwest of Tuktsayda Mountain in British Columbia Canada.
 The Rangiora River is a river of the Wellington Region of the North Island of New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Waikanae River which it joins five kilometres southeast of Waikanae.
 Eitra is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Roger Lake (also called Rogers Lake or Rogers Pond) is a mountain pond located in a meadow on Aneroid Mountain in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of Northeastern Oregon United States. It is 0.5 miles (0.8 km) from Aneroid Lake on trail 1804. It is listed as the 29th highest lake in the Eagle Cap Wilderness
 Chokdaebong is a mountain in South Korea. It sits on the boundary between the county of Gapyeong in Gyeonggi-do and the city of Chuncheon in Gangwon-do. Chokdaebong has an elevation of 1125 m (3691 ft).
 The Haddington Range is a mountain range on northeastern Devon Island Nunavut Canada. It is one of the northernmost mountain ranges in the world forming part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
 The Nevado El Cisne (English: The Swan) is a mountain in the Central Cordillera of the Andes in Colombia. Its summit is at an altitude of 4636 metres. The mountain is one of the five lava domes of the Nevado del Ruiz volcano complex. Despite the nevado part of the name indicating a permanently snow-capped mountain the summit of El Cisne is now below the permanent snow line as a result of global warming and it is no longer considered a true nevado.
 The Homs Gap (Arabic: فتحة حمص‎) (also called the Akkar Gap) is a relatively flat passage in the Orontes River Valley of southern Syria. Nicknamed the gateway to Syria the gap separates the An-Nusayriyah Mountains and Jebel Zawiyah from the Lebanon and Anti-Lebanon mountains.
 Eastern Railway was the name given to the railway constructed east of Fremantle Western Australia through Perth to Guildford in the period 1879-1881.
 The Lodner is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Lake Panache is a lake in the Canadian province of Ontario. It is located in the Sudbury District although a small portion of the lake lies within the southernmost city limits of Greater Sudbury approximately 10 kilometres south of the community of Whitefish.The lake's westernmost point lies within Foster township near Espanola and its easternmost point lies within Bevin township south of Lively.Its main water inflow and outflow is the Whitefish River system.
 The Towers is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1917 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 Giesel (Fulda) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Marungu highlands are in the Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the west of the southern half of Lake Tanganyika.
 The Preto River (São Paulo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Gakhosan is a mountain of Chungcheongbuk-do South Korea. It has an elevation of 1179 metres
 The Wairua River is a river in New Zealand. A tributary of the Wairoa River it flows south-west from Hikurangi to meet that river west of Maungatapere.
 The Plessur is a 33 km (21 mi) long right tributary of the Rhine River running through the Swiss canton of Graubünden. The river source is near the municipality of Arosa in the Plessur Range. It then flows through the Schanfigg valley before emptying into the Rhine at Chur.The Langwieser Viaduct an early reinforced concrete railroad bridge constructed in 1914 spans the Plessur near the municipality of Langwies.
 The Mississagi River is a river in Algoma and Sudbury Districts Ontario Canada that originates in Sudbury District and flows 266 kilometres (165 mi) to Lake Huron at Blind River Algoma District.
 The Izvorul Popii River is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
 Uhlandshöhe is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.The Uhlandshöhe in Stuttgart is a survey on the eastern edge of the city center and has been around 100 years ago when the obstruction was dense the state capital.
 The Petitcodiac River /pɛtiˈkoʊdi.æk/ known informally as the Chocolate River is a Canadian river in south-eastern New Brunswick. The river has a meander length of 79 kilometres (49 miles) and is located in Westmorland Albert and Kings counties draining a watershed area of about 2071 square kilometres (800 sq mi). The watershed features valleys ridges and rolling hills and is home to a diverse population of terrestrial and aquatic species.
 The Platani (Sicilian: Plàtani) known in ancient times as the Alico[citation needed] (Latin: Lycus Halycus and Halykus) is a river in southern Sicily Italy. It is the fifth longest in the island after Imera Meridionale Simeto Belice and Dittaino with a course of 103 km and the third for drainage basin with 1785 km² after the Simeto and Imera Meridionale.
 Råsen is a lake in the municipality of Nord-Odal in Hedmark county Norway.
 Haemyeongsan is a mountain in Incheon South Korea. It is on the island of Seongmodo in the county of Ganghwa. The mountain has an elevation of 309 m (1014 ft).
 Schmerach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Guksabong is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 728 metres.
 The Polychrome Glaciers are five glaciers in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glaciers originate in parallel glaciated north-trending valleys in the Alaska Range opposite Polychrome Mountain across Polychrome Pass.
 Copatana River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Fox Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Urlătoarea Mică River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Maxwell Lake is a tarn located in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of Northeastern Oregon. It is situated near the North Minam Meadows and is 16 aerial miles from the town of Lostine Oregon. It is known for its two small islands and typically successful fishing which make it a popular day hiking and overnight backpacking destination. It is the 16th highest lake in the Eagle Cap Wilderness.
 Tai Mo Shan (Chinese: 大帽山; pinyin: Dàmàoshān / Dàmào Shān; Cantonese Yale: daaih mouh sāān; literally Big Hat Mountain) is the highest peak in Hong Kong with an elevation of 957 m. It is located at approximately the geographical centre of the New Territories.The area surrounding Tai Mo Shan is a known as Tai Mo Shan Country Park which covers an area of 14.40 km². It is located to the north of Tai Lam Country Park.
 Nitsijärvi (Skolt Sami: Njeˊǯǯjäuˊrr) is a medium-sized lake in the Lapland of Finland. It is situated only 68 km from the Norwegian border in the village of Näätämö. It belongs to the Paatsjoki main catchment area.
 Craig yr Allt is a hill in South Wales overlooking Caerphilly to the east and the villages of Nantgarw and Taff's Well to the west. The Taff Ely Ridgeway Walk passes over the hill.
 The Bolshoy Salym is a river in Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug Russia a tributary of the Ob River.
 The Balge (also known as the Balje) was a short branch of the Weser on its eastern side running through what is now the centre of Bremen. As it served as a harbour in the early Middle Ages it significantly contributed to Bremen's development as a port. The river gradually narrowed until in 1608 it was canalised. In 1838 it was completely filled with earth.
 The Tabaci River is a tributary of the Leurda River in Romania.
 The Glodu River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
 Mount Rae is a mountain located on the east side of Highway 40 between Elbow Pass and the Ptarmigan Cirque in the Canadian Rockies of Alberta. Mount Rae was named after John Rae explorer of Northern Canada in 1859.Due to its relatively high summit and modest elevation gain from Highwood Pass Mount Rae is a very popular scrambling objective. The scramble starts at the Highwood Pass parking lot on Highway 40 (2227 m (7306 ft)) and proceeds to the back of the Ptarmigan Cirque.
 The Orgarantim River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Kunowsky is a small lunar crater on the Mare Insularum in the western half of the Moon's near side. It lies about one third the distance from Encke to the west-northwest and Lansberg to the east-southeast.This formation is surrounded by lunar mare and the interior has been flooded by basaltic lava leaving only a roughly circular rim projecting above the surface. The rim is slender and sharp-edged with no significant erosion.
 Huzzah Creek (local pronunciation: /ˈhuːzɑː/) is a 35.8-mile-long (57.6 km) clear-flowing stream in the southern part of the U.S. state of Missouri. According to the information in the Ramsay Place Names File at the University of Missouri the creek's name is evidently derived from Huzzaus one of the early French versions of the name of the Osage people.The Huzzah's headwaters are in the Mark Twain National Forest in northern Reynolds County.
 The Sex Rouge (also spelled Scex Rouge) is a mountain situated in the Diablerets massif of the Bernese Alps overlooking Les Diablerets in the canton of Vaud. The summit is connected from the Col du Pillon by a cable car operated by Glacier 3000.The Sex Rouge overlooks the Tsanfleuron Glacier which is part of a ski area.
 Pic Long (3192 m) is the highest mountain in the Néouvielle massif in the Pyrenees.It is located in the commune of Saint-Lary-Soulan within the department of the Hautes-Pyrénées.
 Fauler See is a lake in Schwerin Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 39.5 m its surface area is 0.5 km².
 The Great Brak River (Afrikaans: Groot-Brakrivier) is a river in the Western Cape South Africa. The mouth of the river lies at the town of Great Brak River which falls under the Mossel Bay Municipality. The nearest large towns are Mossel Bay 24 km to the west and George 34 km to the east by road. The main tributaries of the Great Brak are the Perdeberg River Tweeriviere River and Varings River.The Wolwedans Dam is the only dam in the river.
 The Voislava River is a tributary of the Jieţ in Romania.
 The Valea Curmăturii River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 Yewbarrow is a fell in the English Lake District which lies immediately north of the head of Wast Water. It is 628 metres high and in shape resembles the upturned hull of a boat or a barrow. Yewbarrow is on the left in the classic view of Great Gable and Wast Water.The top of Stirrup Crag forms a second summit 616 metres high half a mile north of the main summit.
 The Piatra River is a tributary of the Borod River in Romania
 The Baker River is a river located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of the Chilean Patagonia. It is Chile's largest river in terms of volume of water. The river flows out of Bertrand Lake which is fed by General Carrera Lake. It runs along the east side of the Northern Patagonian Ice Field and empties into the Pacific Ocean near the town of Caleta Tortel.
 Sudbrook and its tributary the Latchmere stream are streams that drain the areas of north Kingston upon Thames Ham and Petersham following the course of a meander scar in a terrace of the River Thames.
 The São Sebastião River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Singliser See is a lake in West Hesse Depression Hesse Germany. At an elevation of 185 m its surface area is 74 ha.
 Norton Bay is a waterway classified bay located on the northwestern part of the Norton Sound on the Seward Peninsula in the Nome Census Area of the Bering Sea of the U.S. state of Alaska. The mouths of several rivers debouch at Norton Bay including the Kwik Kwiniuk and Tubutulik rivers.The name Norton was assigned in 1859 by the Coast Survey.
 Middle Dodd is a fell in the English Lake District an outlier of the Helvellyn range in the Eastern Fells. It stands above Kirkstone Pass on the road from Ullswater to Ambleside.
 The Ippari is a 28km long river located in the province of Ragusa in south-eastern Sicily. The river rises in the Mount Serra Brugio area of the Hyblaean Mountains just below Chiaramonte Gulfi at a height of about 800m a.s.l. and drains into the Mediterranean Sea south of the fishing town of Scoglitti. The river passes near the towns of Comiso and Vittoria. The ruins of the ancient Greek city of Kamarina which used the river as a Canal-port can be found on the southern bank.
 The Ursita River is a tributary of the Durduc River in Romania.
 The Falkenstein is one of the best known climbing peaks in Saxon Switzerland.It is situated near the rocky Schrammsteine ridge southeast of the town of Bad Schandau.The Falkenstein is nearly 90 m high and consists of sandstone. In the Middle Ages there were fortifications on top of the rock. Even today the steps carved into the rock are still visible.In 1864 the first ascent of the rock was made in modern times by gymnasts from Bad Schandau.
 The Poncione Rosso is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It lies on the chain separating the valleys of Verzasca and Leventina.
 Silverwood Lake is a large reservoir in San Bernardino County California United States located on the west fork of the Mojave River in the San Bernardino Mountains. It was created in 1971 by the construction of the Cedar Springs Dam as a forebay on the 444-mile (715 km) long California Aqueduct (consequently inundating the former town of Cedar Springs [1]) and has a capacity of 73000 acre feet (90000000 m3).
 Mount Whiteface is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Sandwich Range of the White Mountains. Whiteface is flanked to the northwest by Mount Tripyramid and to the northeast by Mount Passaconaway. Whiteface is on the eastern border of the Sandwich Range Wilderness. To the east between Whiteface Passaconaway and Mt. Wonalancet lies The Bowl natural area an unlogged cirque.Mt.
 The Jidovoaia River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
 The Sultan River is a river in Snohomish County in the U.S. state of Washington. It is a tributary of the Skykomish River which it joins at the town of Sultan Washington. The river is dammed in its upper third by Culmback Dam to form Spada Lake.Both the Sultan River and the town of Sultan were named by prospectors for the chief of a Snohomish sub-tribe who lived on the Skykomish River in the 1870s.
 Aneroid Lake is a large tarn located on Aneroid Mountain in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of Northeastern Oregon. It is situated in between Roger Lake and Dollar Lake. It is not accessible by any kind of motor vehicle. However there is a popular hiking trail that leads to the lake. There is a small group of private cabins near the south end and Pete's Point is clearly visible from the lake. It ties with Laverty Lake as the twenty-third highest lake in the Eagle Cap Wilderness at 7500 ft (2300 m).
 Wołcza is a river of Poland a tributary of the Świniec.
 The Balomir River is the right branch of the Cugir River which bifurcates immediately downstream of the Şibot railway bridge in Romania. The branch crosses the village of Balomiru de Câmp before flowing into the Mureş River
 South Fork San Miguel River is a 6.5-mile-long (10.5 km) tributary of the San Miguel River in San Miguel County Colorado. The river flows north from a confluence of the Lake Fork and the Howard Fork to a confluence with the San Miguel River west of Telluride.
 Odense Fjord is a 13 km long fjord on the northern part of the Danish island of Funen.It covers an area of about 63 km².
 The Selegua is a river in Guatemala. The river flows northwards from its sources in the highlands of Huehuetenango until it crosses the border with Mexico at 15.749467°N 91.918659°W﻿ / 15.749467; -91.918659﻿ (Río Seleguá) and continues northwards into the Presa de La Angostura one of Mexico's largest artificial lakes. The river's length in Guatemala is 102 km. The Selegua river basin cover an area of 1535 km² in Guatemala.
 The Solonț River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
 The Dolița River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 Kom Peak (Bulgarian: връх Ком vrah Kom) or Golyam Kom (Голям Ком Big Kom) is a peak in the western Balkan Mountains located in western Bulgaria not far from the Serbian border. The peak is 2016 metres high and lies south of the town of Berkovitsa of which it is a traditional symbol.
 Cerro Azul (Spanish: Blue Hill) is a shield volcano on the south western part of Isabela Island in the Galápagos Islands. There is a strato volcano with the same name in Chile. At a height of 1689 m (5541 ft) it is the second highest peak in the Galapagos and due to its topographic prominence of over 1500 m (4921 ft) it is categorised as an ultra.The volcano is one of the most active in the Galapagos with the last eruption between May and June 2008.
 Should not be confused with the Pocumtuck Range (Pocumtuck Ridge) of Deerfield and Greenfield MassachusettsPocumtuck Mountain a mountain peak west of the abandoned Catamount settlement is technically located in Charlemont Massachusetts. Its summit ledge features wide views of western Franklin County and northern Berkshire County.
 Mission Creek is a tributary roughly 9 miles (14 km) long of Champoeg Creek in Marion County in the U.S. state of Oregon. The creek arises southwest of St. Paul in the French Prairie region of the Willamette Valley and flows generally northeast to meet Champoeg Creek near Champoeg. The combined streams then flow less than 1 mile (1.6 km) before entering the Willamette River 45 miles (72 km) from its confluence with the Columbia River.
 The Ram River is a river rising in the Alberta Rocky Mountains. It flows westward taking on the North Ram River before joining the North Saskatchewan River near the Town of Rocky Mountain House. The name Ram Rivulet appears on a David Thompson map of 1814. A ram is a male Rocky Mountain Sheep.The Ram River is characterized by numerous waterfalls and deep canyons throughout its course.
 Severny Island ice cap is a glacier on Severny Island northern island of the Novaya Zemlya archipelago in Russia. It covers 40% of Severny Island (which is the 30th largest island in the world) at total area of about 20500 km2 (7900 sq mi) which makes it the largest glacier by area in Europe (if counted as part of it) easily beating second ranking Austfonna at 8105 km2 (3129 sq mi) and third ranking Vatnajökull at 8100 km2 (3100 sq mi).
 Shaker Mountain 1835 feet (559 m) is a prominent peak in the Taconic Mountains of western Massachusetts. The mountain is located in Pittsfield State Forest and is named after the nearby Hancock Shaker Village a former Shaker religious colony and now a historic site. The summit is wooded and is traversed by the 5 mi (8.0 km) Shaker Trail a loop trail that begins at the historic site. The mountain is wooded with northern hardwood tree species.
 Pic Eccles (4041 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the Val d'Aosta Italy. It lies at the foot of the Innominata ridge to the summit of Mont Blanc. The mountain is named after the English mountaineer and geologist James Eccles.Although the mountain was probably climbed on 31 August 1874 by J. G. A.
 Mount Abraham is a mountain located in Franklin County Maine. Mount Abraham is flanked to the north by Spaulding Mountain.
 Große Bockau is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Uberaba River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 The Bălescuțu River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 Xerovouni (Greek: Ξεροβούνι also Ξηροβούνι - Xirovouni) is a mountain in the southern part of the Epirus region Greece. It covers the northeastern Preveza the southern Ioannina and the northwestern Arta regional units. Its maximum elevation is 1614 m. It is drained by the river Arachthos to the east and by the river Louros to the west. The nearest mountains are the Tomaros to the northwest and the Athamanika to the northeast.
 Rahmede is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. It rises in Lüdenscheid flows through the tortuous Rahmedetal and flows near Altena in the Lenne.
 The Priporul River is a tributary of the Lotriorul River in Romania.
 Sara Sara is a 5505 m (18061 ft) high volcano lying between the lake Parinaqucha and the Ocoña River in Peru. It is situated in the Parinacochas Province Puyusca District and in the Paucar del Sara Sara Province in the districts Pausa and Sara Sara.The Spanish priest Cristobal de Albornoz noted in 1583 that Sara Sara was one of the most important sacred places in the southern part of Peru with 2000 colonists sent by the Inca emperor for its service.
 Cox River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It arises in the Crawford Range of the Southern Alps and flows generally southward through the Arthur's Pass National Park to join the Poulter River. The river was named for J. W. M. Cox a landholder in the 1860s at the junction of Cox River and Bull Creek.
 Khuruña (Aymara for to eat greedily hispanicized spellings Coruna Coruña) is a mountain in the Barroso mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5453 metres (17890 ft) high. It is situated in the Tacna Region Tacna Province Palca District and in the Tarata Province in the districts Tarata and Tarucachi. Khuruña lies southwest of the mountain Awkitaypi (Auquitaipe).
 The Mill River is a tributary of the Saint George River in Thomaston Maine. From the confluence (44°05′57″N 69°10′03″W) of Branch Brook and Meadow Brook the river runs 2.7 miles (4.3 km) south to the head of the estuary of the Saint George.
 The Río Juan Martín is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Ciripicea River is a tributary of the Checheț River in Romania.
 The Escarra Peak (Spanish: Punta Escarra) is a prominent mountain on the Spanish side of the Pyrenees in the North of Jacetania comarca in Aragon. The Escarra river has its sources beneath this peak.This peak is part of a subrange known as Sierra de la Partacua located in an area of many high peaks.
 The Cremenea Mare River is a headwater of the Cremenea River in Romania.
 The Estero Punitaqui is a river of Chile.
 Kolokol Group (Russian: Группа Колокола) is a group of somma volcanoes located in the central part of Urup Island Kuril Islands Russia. The group is named after its highest volcano but also includes volcanoes called Berg Trezubetz (which erupted in 1924) and Borzov. The most active in the group is Berg while Borzov is the oldest.
 The Muskingum River (Shawnee: Wakatamothiipi ) is a tributary of the Ohio River approximately 111 miles (179 km) long in southeastern Ohio in the United States. An important commercial route in the 19th century it flows generally southward through the eastern hill country of Ohio. Via the Ohio it is part of the Mississippi River watershed. The river is navigable for much of its length through a series of locks and dams.
 The Samborombón River (Spanish Río Samborombón) is a river of Argentina. It empties into Samborombón Bay in the southern part of the Río de la Plata.
 Saraswati River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Gir forest. Its basin has a maximum length of 50 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 370 square kilometres (140 sq mi).
 Carlton Bank is a hill in the Cleveland Hills in north-east England. It is located on Carlton Moor in the North York Moors and overlooks the villages of Carlton-in-Cleveland and Faceby. The summit provides extensive views of Teesside including Middlesbrough and Redcar to the north as well as the surrounding moorland. Roseberry Topping can also be clearly seen from the summit in a north-easterly direction.
 The Bentley Brook or Bradbourne Brook is a small tributary of the River Dove in Derbyshire England and is 14.5 kilometres (9 miles) long
 Mile Run is a tributary of the Raritan River in New Brunswick New Jersey in the United States.Its name is derived from the distance early surveyors estimated it was on the historic King's Highway Route 27 from the Raritan River crossing. Other streams such as the Six Mile Run and the Nine Mile Run are named similarly.
 Skiatook Lake is located in Osage County Oklahoma 4 miles (6.4 km) west of the town of Skiatook 11 miles (18 km) east of Hominy Oklahoma and about 18 miles (29 km) from Tulsa. The Skiatook Dam is located 14 miles upstream of the confluence of Hominy and Bird Creeks. Gentle rolling hills of Blackjack and Post Oak interspersed with Tallgrass prairie surround the lake.
 Taiping Lake is a lake in Anhui China. It is crossed by the Taiping Lake Bridge.
 Selura is a lake in the municipality of Flekkefjord in Vest-Agder county Norway. The lake is located 32 meters above sea level and is about 130 meters at its deepest. Selurafossen the waterfall Lake Selura provided a source of power for some industries including a barrel factory and tannery.
 Lac (Lake) Ouareau is a fairly large lake located near the town of Saint-Donat in Quebec Canada. It is approximately 100 minutes by car north of downtown Montreal in the Laurentian Highlands and is located on the outskirts of Saint-Donat. Celine Dion currently owns a summer house on Lac Ouareau.[citation needed]
 Gile Mountain is located in Windsor County Vermont along the border between the towns of Norwich and Sharon with the summit located in Norwich. The mountain reaches a height of 1873 feet (571 m) above sea level. Relatively unimposing considering its height the true summit cannot easily be seen from the surrounding territory despite the prominent fire tower atop its summit. The tower is easily reached by taking Turnpike Road from Norwich to the parking area near its terminus.
 Maticora River is a river of northern Venezuela. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 Djupsvatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Ål and Hol in Buskerud county Norway.
 The Izvorul Negru River is a headwater of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 The Tawapuku River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southwest to join the Awarua River 40 kilometres north of Dargaville.
 For other places called Bonny Lake or Bonney Lake see Lake Bonney disambiguation page.Lake Bonney is a freshwater lake located in the Riverland region of South Australia. The town of Barmera is located on its shores. The lake was discovered by Europeans on 12 March 1838 when encountered by the overlanding party of Joseph Hawdon and Charles Bonney who were the first to drove livestock from New South Wales to Adelaide.
 The Massa River (Arabic: واد ماسة‎) is a river in southern Morocco located in the Sous region. It originates in the Anti-Atlas and flows northwest ending in the Atlantic Ocean at the Souss-Massa National Park.
 Lake Munmorah or Munmorah Lake a lagoon that is part of the Tuggerah Lakes is located within the Wyong Shire local government area in the Central Coast region of New South Wales Australia. The lake is located near the settlement of Lake Munmorah and is situated about 110 kilometres (68 mi) north of Sydney.
 Formosa Peak or Peak Formosa is the highest point of the Tsitsikamma Mountains a coastal range located along the Garden Route in South Africa and forming part of the Baviaanskloof Mega Reserve. The peak was first mapped in 1576 during a voyage by the Portuguese navigator and cartographer Manuel de Mesquita Perestrelo when his ship put in at Plettenberg Bay which he named Bahia Formosa or beautiful bay.
 The Ohoopee River is a 119-mile-long (192 km) river in east-central Georgia in the United States. It is a tributary of the Altamaha River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Bode is a river in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt a left tributary of the Saale. It rises in the Harz mountains and drains them in a northerly direction. After 169 kilometres (105 mi) it discharges into the Saale at Nienburg.
 Lake Syamozero (Russian: Сямозеро Finnish: Säämäjärvi Karelian: Seämärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia northwestern part of Russia. It is located at 61.9166667°N 33.1666667°E﻿ / 61.9166667; 33.1666667 and has an area of 265–270 km². Maximum depth is about 24 m. There are a few islands on the lake. Syamozero is used for fishery water transport and timber floating. The lake is part of the basin of the Shuya River which flows into Lake Onega.
 The Aprieș River is a tributary of the Valea Rece River in Romania.
 The Bistrița River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 Radersdorfer Baggersee is a lake in Swabia Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 447 m its surface area is 5 ha.
 The Pânzele River is a tributary of the Câinele River in Romania.
 The Kokosing River (ko-KO-sing) is a tributary of the Walhonding River 57.2 miles (92.1 km) long in east-central Ohio in the United States. Via the Walhonding Muskingum and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 482 square miles (1248 km²).The Kokosing River rises in Morrow County northeast of Mount Gilead and initially flows southwardly.
 The Khabur River (Arabic: الخابور‎ al-khābūr Kurdish: Xabûr Syriac: ܚܒܘܪ ḥābur/khābur Turkish: Habur) is the largest perennial tributary to the Euphrates in Syrian territory. Although the Khabur originates in Turkey the karstic springs around Ra's al-'Ayn are the river's main source of water. Several important wadis join the Khabur north of Al-Hasakah together creating what is known as the Khabur Triangle or Upper Khabur area.
 The Bütlasse (3193 m or 10476 ft) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of the Gspaltenhorn in the canton of Bern. The Vorderi Bütlasse (3063 m or 10049 ft) is a minor summit situated north of the Bütlasse.The closest localities are Griesalp (Kiental) and Gimmelwald (Lauterbrunnen).
 Geigelstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania
 The Neagra River ( Hungarian: Nyágra-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania
 The Puyallup Glacier is a glacier on the west flank of Mount Rainier in Washington. It covers 2.0 square miles (5.2 km2) and contains 10.2 billion ft3 (289 million m3) of ice. Sharing the same source of ice as the northern South Mowich Glacier the Puyallup Glacier begins as a branch off the ice stream that flow out of the Sunset Amphitheater.
 Heart Lake el. 7461 feet (2274 m) is a large backcountry lake nestled at the base of Mount Sheridan in Yellowstone National Park. Heart Lake is in the Snake River drainage and is drained by the Heart River.
 Quake Lake (officially Earthquake Lake) is a lake in southwestern Montana in the United States. It was created after an earthquake struck on August 17 1959 killing 28 people. Today Quake Lake is 190 feet (58 m) deep and 6 miles (9.7 km) long. US 287 follows the lake and offers glimpses of the effects of the earthquake and landslide and visitor center is just off the road. The lake is mostly within Gallatin National Forest.
 The Moara Dracului River is a tributary of the Valea Caselor in Romania.
 The Pietrosul River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania.
 The Wombridge Canal was a tub-boat canal in Shropshire England built to carry coal and iron ore from mines in the area to the furnaces where the iron was extracted.
 The Garpel Water is a river near Muirkirk Scotland. It flows under the Sanquhar bridge and Tibbie's Brig. It flows into the River Ayr.
 The Gheorghițeni River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Rivière Bouyaha is a river of Haiti.Bouyaha River in French riviere Bouyaha is a river flowing through the cities of Dondon Saint Raphael and Pignon. It is said that the river started in the mountain surrounding the municipalities of Dondon and Marmelade. Bouyaha river merges with the guayamouc river in the nearby city of Hinche.
 Steinwand is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Weber is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon and it cannot be viewed directly from the Earth's surface. This crater is attached to the northwest outer rim of the larger crater Sarton. About two crater diameters to the northwest is the eroded Kramers.This bowl-shaped crater has a nearly circular outer rim that remains well-defined and is only marginally damaged by subsequent impacts. One of these is a small cup-shaped craterlet along the northwest rim.
 Reedy Creek is a tributary of the Little Kanawha River in western West Virginia in the United States. Via the Little Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 133 square miles (340 km2) in a rural region on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 Wychbury Hill is a hill situated off the A456 Birmingham Road at Hagley Stourbridge on the border of West Midlands and Worcestershire.It is divided between the parish of Hagley and former parish of Pedmore. It is one of the Clent Hills. The hill offers good views across the Severn Valley as far as the Malvern Hills and Clee Hills.
 The Roeliff Jansen Kill is a major tributary to the Hudson River. Its source is in the town of Austerlitz New York and its mouth is at the Hudson River at Linlithgo in the town of Livingston.
 Voßmecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Wycheproof is a mountain located in the small town of Wycheproof Victoria Australia. Standing at 43 metres (141 ft) above the surrounding terrain Mount Wycheproof has the distinction of being the smallest registered mountain in the world. The township of Wycheproof is located on the mountain and a unique geological substance known as Wycheproofite is exclusive to the local area.
 The Molalla River is a 50-mile (80 km) tributary of the Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 The Vața River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Mallasvesi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. The lake is part of the Kokemäenjoki basin and it is located for municipalities of Pälkäne and Valkeakoski in the Pirkanmaa region. It is a part of a chain of lakes that begins from the lakes Lummene Vehkajärvi and Vesijako at the drainage divide between the Kokemäenjoki and Kymijoki basins and flows westwards trough lakes Kukkia Iso-Roine Hauhonselkä and Ilmoilanselkä.
 Lac de Tracouet (also Lac Noir Black Lake) is a lake in the Nendaz municipality in the canton of Valais Switzerland.It is situated at the foot of the Dent de Nendaz at an elevation of 2171 m.The lake can be reached by cable car or foot from Haute-Nendaz to Tracouet (2200 m) followed by a slight descent to the lake surface.The approximately 1.85 ha surface usually freezes during the winter season and is incorporated into the skiing area of the mountain.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Bartels is a lunar crater located along the western perimeter of the Moon's visible face. At this location the crater is viewed from the side and visibility is affected by libration. The crater can be viewed in its entirety only from lunar orbit. It is located to the north of the crater Moseley and south-southeast of Voskresenskiy.The rim of this crater is worn and eroded particularly along the southern face and in the northeast where a small crater overlies the rim.
 Fredrikshald Bay (variant Fredrikshalds Bay) is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in western M'Clintock Channel off the eastern coast of Victoria Island. It is situated north of Isachsen Point and 26.8 km (16.7 mi) from Norway Bay.
 Dar-Alages (Armenian: ... Azerbaijani: Dəli təpə Daly-Tapa ) is a group of six cinder lava cones south of Lake Sevan in Armenia.
 The Chagan (Russian: Чаган) is a river in Kazakhstan a tributary of the Ural River. Its name is derived from Mongolian word for white or pure.
 The Teton River (pronounced TEE-tuhn) is located in northwestern Montana in the Western United StatesThe ~ 150 miles (240 km) long river is a tributary of the Marias River. Its watershed is within Teton County and Chouteau County Montana.
 The Ștevioara River is a tributary of the Valea de Peşti river in Romania.
 Red Mountain (9377 feet (2858 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Mount Eniwa (恵庭岳 Eniwa-dake) is an active volcano located in Shikotsu-Toya National Park in Hokkaidō Japan. It sits opposite Mount Tarumae and Mount Fuppushi on the shores of Lake Shikotsu the caldera lake that spawned the volcanoes. Mount Eniwa is the tallest of the three volcanoes.
 Wenkbach (Lahn) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Domașnea River is a tributary of the Luncaviţa River in Romania.
 Sierra Boyera Reservoir is a reservoir in Bélmez province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain.
 The Mezen Bay (Russian: Мезенская губа) is located in Arkhangelsk Oblast and Nenets Autonomous Okrug in Northwestern Russia. It is one of four large bays and gulfs of the White Sea the others being the Dvina Bay the Onega Bay and the Kandalaksha Gulf. The Mezen Bay is the easternmost of these as it lies to the south of the Kanin Peninsula. Morzhovets Island lies at the entrance of the bay. The two main rivers emptying into the Mezen Bay are the Kuloy River and the Mezen River.
 Hawkesbury Junction or Sutton Stop (grid reference SP360846) is a canal junction at the northern limit of the Oxford Canal where it meets the Coventry Canal near Hawkesbury Village Warwickshire on the West Midlands county border England. The alternative name Sutton Stop arises from the name of a family which provided several lock keepers there in the nineteenth century.
 Planté is a lunar crater that is situated near the eastern inner wall of the much larger crater Keeler. Just to the east attached to the exterior of Keeler is the large crater Heaviside. Planté is located on the far side of the Moon and cannot be viewed directly from the Earth.This crater has a sharp-edged rim and an interior floor that is wider along the southeastern half possibly due to slumped material or ejecta deposits.
 Charles Mound is a gentle 1235-foot (376 m) high hill in northern Jo Daviess County Illinois near the small town of Scales Mound and 11 miles (18 km) northeast of Galena. It is the highest natural point in the state; thus it is considered a highpoint.
 The Izvorul Dragoșu River is a headwater of the Bughea River in Romania.
 The Tsilma (Russian: Цильма) is a river in Leshukonsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast and Ust-Tsilemsky District of the Komi Republic in Russia. It is a left and one of the main tributaries of the Pechora River. It is 374 kilometres (232 mi) long and the area of its basin 21500 square kilometres (8300 sq mi). The main tributaries are the Mutnaya (right) the Kosma (left) the Rudyanka (left) the Nonbur (right) the Myla (right) the Tobysh (left) and the Usa (right).
 Binnenalster or Inner Alster Lake is one of two artificial lakes within the city limits of Hamburg Germany which are formed by the river Alster (the other being the Außenalster). The main annual festival is the Alstervergnügen.The lake has an area of 0.2 square kilometres (2200000 sq ft).
 The Valea Brădetului River is a headwater of the Raciu River in Romania.
 Ungyosan is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 925 m (3035 ft).
 The Izvorul Muntenilor River is one of the branches forming the Valea lui Iacob River in Romania.
 Heidgraben (Pinnau) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Elta is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Mananara River is one of the main rivers in eastern Madagascar. Its mouth is located at the Indian Ocean near the city of Vangaindrano in the Atsimo-Atsinanana region.The Mananara is formed by the merger of the Menarahaka Itomampy and Ionaivo. The Ionavio rises on the slopes of Tsimahamory peak at an approximate elevation of 1500m. The Itomampy rises not far from the Ionaivo about 40 km from the Indian Ocean at approximately 1600m and runs north until it joins the Ionaivo.
 Lake Lucille is a 350-acre (1.4 km2) lake within the municipal limits of Wasilla Alaska located at 61°34′N 149°28′W.Most of the lake shoreline is private property (i.e. not incorporated into the City of Wasilla)and many residents have docks for swimming boating or docking floatplanes. There is also a city park with a campground and boat launch. Lake Lucille and Wasilla Lake are both immediately adjacent to the Parks Highway the main route for travel between Fairbanks and Anchorage.
 The Lenkstein is a mountain in the Rieserferner group on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Lake Chesdin (also known as Chesdin Reservoir) is a lake in south-central Virginia on the border of Chesterfield County and Dinwiddie County and going upstream into Amelia County. It provides water and power to the region. It is also a popular fishing area and is known to have great opportunities for largemouth bass. It is also known to have populations of crappie bluegill walleye striped bass channel catfish gizzard shad and white perch.
 Oregon has at least 19 features named Thomas Creek:
 Cheongoksan is a mountain in the province of Gangwon-do South Korea. Its area extends across the cites of Donghae and Samcheok. Cheongoksan has an elevation of 1403.7 m (4605 ft).
 Wilsons Peak 1230 m (4040 ft) is a steep mountain in Queensland Australia which is covered in dense rainforest. It marks the intersection of the Great Dividing Range with the McPherson Range in the Scenic Rim region.
 Bluebox Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is most easily accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 478 south of Sawtooth Lake.Bluebox Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 Picorandan is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It is part of the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range.Its maximum elevation is 991 metres above sea level.
 Gruža Lake (Serbian: Гружанско језеро / Gružansko jezero) is an artificial lake located southwest of the Knić Serbia. The lake was created in 1983 as a water reservoir for the city of Kragujevac and the surrounding settlements. The lake covers an area of approximately 9.19 km2 making it the largest body of water in Central Serbia.
 Mount Strahan (42°14′S 145°31′E) is a mountain directly east of Macquarie Harbour on the West Coast of Tasmania Australia. It lies to the west of the main north-south line of the mountains of the West Coast Range and like Mount Sorell dominates the east side of the harbour near Sarah Island.It was named by Thomas Bather Moore.
 Mała Noteć is a river of Poland a tributary of the Noteć.
 Crystal Springs Creek a 2.7-mile (4.3 km) tributary of Johnson Creek flows entirely within the city of Portland in the U.S. state of Oregon. The stream rises from springs near the Reed College campus in the southeastern part of the city and runs generally southwest to meet Johnson Creek in the Portland neighborhood of Sellwood.The creek's even flow and cool year-round temperature make it a good place for fish including coho and chinook salmon salmon and steelhead.
 The Ieia River is a tributary of the Vedița River in Romania.
 The Pelorus River is a river at the northern end of South Island of New Zealand in the region of Marlborough. It flows from the Richmond Range into Pelorus Sound. This area is fantastic for camping and is renowned for its magnificent river swimming where the Pelorus River runs through a gorge at Pelorus Bridge.This river also happens to be the location for the film The Hobbit: desolation of smaug barrel rider scenes it became a popular river raft resort because of this.
 The Little River is a 2.1-mile-long (3.4 km) stream and tidal river on Linekin Neck in the town of Boothbay in the U.S. state of Maine. It is a small tidal river for its lower 1.4 miles (2.3 km) entering the Atlantic Ocean just west of the mouth of the Damariscotta River.
 The Kriva Reka (Macedonian: Крива Pека meaning curved river) is a 75 km long river in northeastern Macedonia and the biggest left tributary of the Pcinja River.
 Plaani Külajärv is a lake is the southeast of Estonia in Voru County close to the border with Latvia.
 Lake Wendouree is an artificially-created and maintained shallow urban lake located in the suburb of the same name in the city of Ballarat Victoria Australia. The name Wendouree comes from a local aboriginal word wendaaree which means 'go away': a story is told that when settler William Cross Yuille asked a local indigenous woman what the name of the swamp was that was her reply.
 Hornindalsvatnet is Norway's and Europe's deepest lake officially measured to a depth of 514 metres (1686 ft). Its surface is 53 metres (174 ft) above sea level which means that its bottom is 461 metres (1512 ft) below sea level. The village of Grodås lies at the eastern end of the lake in Hornindal Municipality and the village of Mogrenda is located on the western end of the lake in Eid Municipality. The European route E39 highway runs near the lake.
 The Irschinger Ach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 Felsberg is an Odenwald mountain in Hesse Germany.
 The Bächlesbach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 The Perdido River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The River Inny is a river in Ireland. It flows from Lough Kinale under the Bridge of Finea into Lough Sheelin in County Cavan and heads south to Lough Derravaragh. From there is flows westwards to the River Shannon which it joins at Lough Ree.It is not to be confused with the River Inny that flows in the Iveragh Peninsula County Kerry.Ballymahon is the largest town located on the Inny.
 Faulds Brow is a small rise in the English Lake District northwest of the village of Caldbeck in Cumbria. It is the subject of a chapter of Wainwright's book The Outlying Fells of Lakeland. but its summit at 344 metres (1129 ft) is only slightly raised above the surrounding land. From a major road just to the south the summit can be reached in minutes with minimal effort.
 The Peștiș River is ( Hungarian: Pestes-patak ) a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Kendel is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Cruta River is a river in Honduras.
 The Fraser Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located north of the western end of Nugent Sound. It has an area of 37 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 Rhena (Neerdar) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Mej river is a left bank tributary of Chambal River. It originates near Mandalgarh in Bhilwara District and joins Chambal in Kota district. The catchment area of Mej river extends over Bhilwara District Bundi District and Tonk District of Rajasthan.
 Wiesbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Waldisee (or Waldiseeli) is a mountain lake located south of Bisisthal in the municipality of Muotathal Canton of Schwyz. It lies at a height of 1406 metres at the foot of the Alpler Horn. It has a maximum length of 420 metres.
 The Dix River is a 79.3-mile-long (127.6 km) tributary of the Kentucky River in central Kentucky in the United States.It begins in western Rockcastle County about 5 miles (8 km) west of Mount Vernon. It flows generally northwest in a tight meandering course passing north of Stanford and east of Danville. Southeast of Danville it is impounded by the Dix Dam to form the Herrington Lake reservoir.
 Golden Bay is a shallow paraboloid shaped bay at the northwest end of New Zealand's South Island. An arm of the Tasman Sea the bay lies northwest of Tasman Bay and Cook Strait. It is protected in the north by Farewell Spit a 26 km long arm of fine golden sand which is the country's longest sandspit. The Aorere and Takaka Rivers flow into the bay from the south.It is known for being a popular tourist destination because of its good weather and relaxed friendly lifestyle.
 Waindalithi River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Satsar Lake or Sat Sar (literal English translation: “the seven lakes”) consists of seven small alpine lakes situated in the Kashmir Valley in Ganderbal district of Jammu and Kashmir India.
 The Pardo River (Bahia) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Negro River is a river of Jamaica. This river is located on the south coast of Jamaica in a Parish called St. Thomas. Going downstream it eventually connects to the Yallahs River.
 Craig Creek is an 84-mile-long (135 km) tributary of the James River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It flows through the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians in western Virginia passing 15 miles (24 km) northwest of Roanoke.Craig Creek rises in Montgomery County Virginia 4 miles (6 km) northwest of Blacksburg in a valley between the parallel long ridges of Brush Mountain and Sinking Creek Mountain. It flows northeast into Craig County passing the village of Webbs Mill.
 Mount Matin is a massive mainly snow-covered mountain which surmounts the mountainous divide north of Hotine Glacier on Kiev Peninsula on the west side of Graham Land Antarctica.
 Great Gable is a mountain lying at the very heart of the English Lake District appearing as a pyramid from Wasdale (hence its name) but as a dome from most other directions. It is one of the most popular of the Lakeland fells and there are many different routes to the summit. Great Gable is linked by the high pass of Windy Gap to its smaller sister hill Green Gable and by the lower pass of Beck Head to its western neighbour Kirk Fell.
 South Fork Animas River is a tributary of the Animas River in San Juan County Colorado. It flows from a source near Tower Mountain to a confluence with the Animas River.
 The Minnamurra River an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary is located in the Illawarra region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Pârâul Nou is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 The Balaj River is a tributary of the Putna in Romania.
 The Hackney Canal was a short canal in Devon England that linked the Hackney Clay Cellars to the River Teign. It was privately built by Lord Clifford in 1843 and throughout its life carried ball clay for use in the production of pottery. It closed in 1928 when its function was replaced by road vehicles.
 Weiherbach (Schmiech) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mount Ptolemy is the highest mountain of the Crowsnest Range and is located on the Continental Divide along the provincial borders of Alberta and British Columbia. Situated 10 km (6 mi) southeast of Crowsnest Pass and 5 km (3 mi) northeast of Corbin it is Alberta's 58th most prominent mountain. It was named in 1914 by Arthur O. Wheeler for its resemblance to a man sitting with folded arms. The mountain has also been known as Mummy Mountain.
 Cook is a lunar crater that lies in the western part of the Mare Fecunditatis just to the southeast of the prominent crater Colombo. To the southwest is Monge.The interior of this crater has been flooded with lava leaving only a low rim projecting above the surface. This rim is not quite circular and has a somewhat hexagonal appearance. The low wall is worn in a few places particularly along the northeastern rim.
 Unterer Hösbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Adda (Latin Abdua or Addua; in Lombard Ada) is a river in North Italy a tributary of the Po. It rises in the Alps near the border with Switzerland and flows through Lake Como. The Adda joins the Po a few kilometres upstream of Cremona. It is 313 kilometres long.
 Babadağ (ancient Mount Cragus) is a mountain near Fethiye in Muğla Province southwest Turkey.The mountain has a principal summit at an elevation of 1969 metres (6460 ft) and a second one called Karatepe at an elevation of 1400 metres (4593 ft). These two summits face each other and are separated by a flood valley which led to the term mountain range to be used in some sources in association with Babadağ. The mass is composed mainly of limestone.
 Abava is a river of Latvia the largest tributary of the Venta River. It flows through Tukums Talsi and Kuldiga districts.Length - Length - 129 km basin area - 2030 km2. 50% of basin covered by forests.Its valley was submitted for inclusion in the UNESCO World Heritage List.
 Michaelsberg (Cleebronn) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Skjerkenuten is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway.
 The Tomnatecu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Valea Rece River is a tributary of the Borşa river in Romania.
 Yarlside is a hill in the Howgill Fells Cumbria England.
 Morris Lake Guysborough is a lake of Guysborough District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Almsee is a lake in Upper Austria's part of the Salzkammergut in the Almtal valley 11 kilometers (6.8 mi) south of the village of Grünau im Almtal. The lake lies in the northern portion of the Totes Gebirge mountains and is about 2.3 kilometers (1.4 mi) by 700 meters (2300 ft) wide.The lake drains through the Alm river. Since 1965 the area around the Almsee is under nature conservation. Konrad Lorenz made important observations of the Greylag Goose at the lake.
 The Wolf River is a river in census division No. 22 in Manitoba Canada. It is in the Hudson Bay drainage basin and is a right tributary of the Hayes River.
 Canim Lake is a lake in British Columbia Canada. It is located approximately 35 km northeast of 100 Mile House. Canim means a type of large canoe in the Chinook Jargon. Being 23 km long Canim Lake is one of the largest lakes located in the Cariboo regionthe interior of British Columbia. It is also the territory of the Shuswap First Nation where the ancestors are part of the Lake Division of the Shuswap Tribe of the Interior Nations of British Columbia.
 The Sangro is a river in eastern central Italy known in ancient times as Sagrus from the Greek Sagros or Isagros Ισαγρος.It rises in the Abruzzo National Park in the Apennine Mountains before flowing northeast through Castel di Sangro Ateleta Quadri and Villa Santa Maria before flowing into the Lago di Bomba or Lago del Sangro. From there it flows northeast and joins the Aventino River and thence into the Adriatic Sea south of Punta Cavelluccio.
 Lake Jasper is a permanent freshwater lake in the South West area of Western Australia. The lake is the largest freshwater lake in Western Australia.The lake is located on a flat sandy plain the Scott Coastal Plain with a high dune ridge to the west and the Donnelly River to the East.
 Grande Motte is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3653 metres above sea level.One side of it is in the Tignes ski area. There is a cable car up to 3453 m.
 Mount St. Piran is a mountain in Banff National Park near Lake Louise Alberta Canada.Located in the Bow River Valley southeast of the Minewakun Lake Valley; northwest of Lake Agnes; between Lake Louise Valley and lower Bath Creek Banff Park Alberta.It was named in 1894 by Samuel E.S. Allen after Saint Piran the Patron Saint of Cornwall.
 Lake Nepahwin is a lake in Sudbury Ontario located to the south of the city's downtown area.
 The Vydra (Czech for otter German: Widra) is a 23.1 kilometres (14.4 mi) river in the Czech Republic.The Vydra begins in the Bohemian Forest near Modrava at the confluence of the Roklanský potok and the Modravský potok. However Modravský potok's tributary the Luzenský potok originates slightly across the Germany–Czech Republic border 1215 metres (3986 ft) up the north slopes of Mt.
 Barcam ( An Barr Cam) is a mountain in Offaly Ireland. The mountain stands at 514 metres (1686 ft) high making it the fourth highest mountain in Offaly the fifth highest mountain in the Slieve Bloom Mountains and the 505th highest summit in Ireland.
 The Nedonas (Greek: Νέδωνας older form: Nedon) is a river Messenia Peloponnese Greece. It is approximately 30 km long.
 Robinson is a fell in the English Lake District its southern slopes descending to Buttermere while its northern side is set in the Newlands Valley. Paths lead to the summit from the village of Buttermere from the nearby summit Dale Head and from various locations in the valleys to the north.
 The Gulkana River is a 60-mile (97 km) tributary of the Copper River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning near the southeastern end of Summit Lake in the Alaska Range the river flows generally south to meet the larger river 9 miles (14 km) northeast of Glennallen. The Richardson Highway and the Trans-Alaska Pipeline run north–south nearby and roughly parallel to the Gulkana River.
 Kurgjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Palmer Lake is a lake in Okanogan County in the U.S. state of Washington.Known as Haipwil to the local Indians Palmer Lake is named for James Palmer who had a cattle ranch at the north end of the lake around 1875.
 Pedra do Baú and the 'Pedra do Baú complex are rock formations in the Mantiqueira Mountains (Serra da Mantiqueira). They are located in the municipality of São Bento do Sapucaí São Paulo Brazil.GeographyThe gneiss rock complex comprises three distinct rock formation landmarks: Pedra do Baú Bauzinho and Ana Chata.At its highest point the elevation is 1950 metres (6400 ft).EcotourismThe formation is a popular site for rock climbing paragliding and other forms of ecotourism.
 Lake Haruna (榛名湖 Haruna-ko) is a caldera lake. It lies near the summit of Mount Haruna within the city limits of Takasaki Gunma Prefecture Japan. A former name for the lake is Lake Ikaho (伊香保沼 Ikaho-numa).In the summer the lake is a popular destination for campers. The surface freezes in the winter and it affords skating and ice fishing for wakasagi.The lake lies a 90 minute bus ride from Takasaki Station.
 The Tawas River is a 3.0-mile-long (4.8 km) river in Michigan United States flowing from Tawas Lake through Tawas City and East Tawas into Lake Huron. There is a beach perch fishery at its mouth.
 Biber (Schleuse) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Pakarae River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows a convoluted generally southeastern course from its sources 20 kilometres inland from Tolaga Bay reaching the Pacific Ocean 25 kilometres northeast of Gisborne.
 Dürrnbachhorn is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.It is located on the Austrian border beside the town of Reit im Winkl in the district of Traunstein in the federal-state of Bavaria. On the Austrian side lies the town of Unken in the district of Zell am See Salzburg.There is a chairlift from Winklmoos-Alm at a height of 1 190 m to Dürrnbacheck at a height of 1 610 m above sea level.
 The La Odaie River is a tributary of the Burla River in Romania.
 West Bay also referred to as West Galveston Bay is a long inlet of Galveston Bay in Galveston and Brazoria counties that nearly runs the entire length west of Galveston Island.
 Curie Crater is an impact crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 29.1° N and 4.8° W. It is 114.1 km in diameter and was named after Pierre Curie a French physicist-chemist (1859-1906).
 Sierra Menera is a 31 km (19 mi) long mountain range in the southwestern end of the Iberian System. Its highest point is the 1601 m high summit known as Monte de San Ginés; another important peak is the 1591 m high Mojón Alto.Administratively the Sierra Menera belongs to the Sierra de Albarracín Jiloca and Comunidad de Teruel comarca of Aragon as well as to the Province of Guadalajara Castile-La Mancha in its western side.
 Top o'Selside is a hill in the Lake District in Cumbria England. At 335 metres (1099 ft) it is the highest point of the group of hills situated between Coniston Water and Windermere. This group also includes the Wainwright of Black Fell and the summits of Black Brows and Rusland Heights.
 Gråkallen is a mountain in the Bymarka area in the municipality of Trondheim in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The 552-metre (1811 ft) tall mountain is located in the Byåsen part of the city of Trondheim.The summit is covered by an abandoned fenced military installation. Below the summit (on the cole to the right of the summit above the lake) there is a ski station where buses from Trondheim will set you down.
 Nakamun Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 Lake Lanao (Maranao: Ranao or Ranaw) is a large lake in the Philippines located in Lanao del Sur province in the country's southern island of Mindanao. With a surface area of 340 km². (131 square miles) it is the largest lake in Mindanao and the second largest lake in the Philippines and counted as one of the 15 ancient lakes in the world.
 The Erewash Valley is the valley of the River Erewash (pronounced /ˈɛrɨˌwɒʃ/) on the border of Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire as far as the River Trent. It runs along the boundary of the southern end of the Derbyshire hills and the more rolling Nottinghamshire country. It is on the edge of an area of great mineral wealth particularly coal extending from Yorkshire to Leicestershire.
 The Vâna Mare River is a tributary of the Lanca Birda River in Romania.
 Qionglai Mountains (simplified Chinese: 邛崃山; traditional Chinese: 邛崍山; pinyin: Qióng	lái Shān) is a mountain range in the Sichuan Province of China. It runs in the general north-south direction and is located mostly within the Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture in the north-central part of the province. The Qionglai Range separates the basins of two major rivers of Sichuan: the Dadu River (to the west) and the Min River (to the east).
 Kinderhook Creek is a 49.0-mile-long (78.9 km) tributary to Stockport Creek an inlet of the Hudson River in the United States. From its source in Hancock Massachusetts the creek runs southwest through the Taconic Mountains into Rensselaer County New York and then into Columbia County.
 Blokktinden or Blokktind is a mountain in the municipality of Rødøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located on the southern side of Tjongsfjorden across from the village of Tjong. The summit has a good view of the Svartisen glacier and the coastal islands.
 The Roudoule is a twelve kilometres (7.5 miles) long river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of south-eastern France. It flows into the Var in Puget-Théniers.
 Kant is a small lunar impact crater that is located to the northwest of the prominent crater Cyrillus and the comparably sized Ibn Rushd. To the northwest is Zöllner and to the east is Mons Penck. This last feature forms a mountainous promontory reaching a height of about 4 km.This crater has a well-defined and somewhat uneven rim that is roughly circular in shape. The inner walls have a higher albedo than the surrounding surface giving them a lighter appearance.
 Heubühl is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps to the east of the town of Triesen with a height of 1936 metres (6352 ft).
 Dorfen is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Livigno Pass (Italian: Forcola di Livigno Romansh: Fuorcla da Livign) (el. 2315 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps on the border between the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland and the Province of Sondrio in Italy.It connects Motta in Switzerland with Livigno in Italy. 
 Sequalitchew creek located in DuPont Washington emanates from Sequalitchew Lake Fort Lewis Washington was the location of the original Fort Nisqually trading post established in 1833 by the Hudson's Bay Company. The historic natural flow of Sequalitchew Creek runs from Sequalitchew Lake through Edmonds Marsh down the canyon and out to the Puget Sound.
 Langvasshøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Mavilla River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Gull River is a river in Algonquin Highlands and Dysart et al Haliburton County and the single-tier municipality of Kawartha Lakes in south-central Ontario Canada. It is in the Trent River and Lake Ontario drainage basins and flows from southern Algonquin Provincial Park to Balsam Lake on the Trent–Severn Waterway.
 Piscataway Creek is an 18.6-mile-long (29.9 km) tributary of the Potomac River in Prince George's County Maryland. The creek is a tidal arm of the Potomac for its final 2.5 miles (4.0 km) entering the Potomac at Fort Washington Park. Tinkers Creek is a tributary to Piscataway Creek converging from the north 4.5 miles (7.2 km) upstream of the mouth of the Piscataway.
 The Mueller River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally north from its sources in the Southern Alps reaching the Turnbull River 14 kilometres from the latter's mouth. The entire length of the Mueller River is within Mount Aspiring National Park.
 Llyn Gwernan is a lake in Gwynedd Wales and an important geological site notable for an unusual thickness of Devensian Late-glacial organic deposits.
 Gelt Lake is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.
 Pittwater is a semi–mature tide dominated drowned valley estuary located about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of the Sydney central business district New South Wales Australia; being one of the bodies of water that separate greater Metropolitan Sydney from the Central Coast.Pittwater has its origin from the confluence of McCarrs Creek to the west of Church Point and a number of smaller estuaries the largest of which is Cahill Creek that joins the Pittwater north of Mona Vale.
 The Obislavu River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 Derwent Edge is a Millstone Grit escarpment that lies above the Upper Derwent Valley in the Peak District National Park in the English county of Derbyshire. The Millstone Grit forms the edge of the high peat moorland plateau on the eastern side of the valley above Ladybower Reservoir the edges being the last remains of the gritstone which originally covered all of the Peak District most of which was scraped off by glaciers in the last ice age.
 The Palo Verde Mountains are a mountain range in northeastern Imperial County California.The Palo Verde Mountains are located along the west side of the Colorado River in the Lower Colorado River Valley and Colorado Desert.
 The Humboldt River (Brazil) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Craig Cwm Amarch is not synonymous with Craig y Cau but names the headwall of Cwm Amarch on Cadair Idris in the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd north-west Wales. There seems to be some confusion over naming by people who are not local. 'Craig Cwm Amarch' refers to the crags heading Cwm Amarch which impinge from the south into the ridge of Mynydd Pencoed a spur of the Cadair Idris range. The eastern end of Mynydd Pencoed overlooking Llyn Cau is known as Craig y Cau.
 The Große Laber is a river in Bavaria Germany right tributary of the Danube. Its source is near Volkenschwand. It is approx. 85 km long. It flows northeast through the small towns Rottenburg an der Laaber Schierling and Rain. It flows into the Danube near Straubing.
 The Panoche Hills are a mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges in western Fresno County California. The US Bureau of Land Management (BLM) maintains a recreation area within the Hills. The California Department of Fish and Game also maintains an ecological reserve within the Hills. The entrance to the BLM area is across Little Panoche Road from the Mercey Hot Springs resort. The Hills contain examples of fossilized remains of Mesozoic era cold seeps.
 The Peceneaga River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 Mount Frink is a plateau-like mesa on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 30 km (19 mi) west of Courtenay and 2 km (1 mi) southeast of Mount Albert Edward Most often Frink is climbed as part of a traverse circumnavigating the high ridge that wraps around Moat Lake from Castlecraig Mountain to Mt.
 Iruvanjippuzha or Iruvazhinjipuzha is a major tributary of River Chaliyar and joining to Chaliyar at Koolimadu near Cheruvadi. Its major tributary is Chalippuzha which joins with it about 3 km north of Thiruvambady town. Other tributaries are Muthappanpuzha (joining at Anakkampoyil) ulingappuzha (joining at Thiruvambadi) and Karamoola river (join at Mukkam).
 The Vulcănița River is a tributary of the Holbav River in Romania.
 Mount Myōgi (妙義山 Myōgi-san) is one of the major mountains in the Gunma Prefecture Japan. Well known for its rocks weathered into fantastic forms this famous peak is ranked among Japan's three most noted places of rugged beauty. There are many hiking courses and when the foliage changes color there are splendid views to be seen.1Mount Myōgi along with Mount Akagi and Mount Haruna is one of the Three Mountains of Jōmō. (Jōmō is an old name for Gunma.)
 The Aras River also known as Araks (Armenian: Արաքս) Yeraskh (Երասխ) Araxes (Greek: Αράξης) Aras (in Turkish Kurdish and Persian: ارس‎) Araz (in Azerbaijani) is a river located in and along the countries of Turkey Armenia Azerbaijan and Iran. Its total length is 1072 kilometers (666 mi). Given its length and a basin that covers an area of 102000 km² it is one of the largest rivers of the Caucasus.
 The Grotão das Arraias River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Marie Lake is a lake in Alberta. It lies just northwest of the larger Cold Lake.
 The Dașor River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
 Gooseneck Glacier is located in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness Shoshone National Forest in the US state of Wyoming. The glacier is east of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range and on the southeast flank of Gannett Peak the tallest mountain in Wyoming. Gooseneck Glacier is separated from Dinwoody Glacier by a rocky outcropping and they are part of the largest grouping of glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains.
 Austera Peak (8339 feet (2542 m)) is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. Located in the south unit of the park Austera Peak is about 1 mi (1.6 km) north of Klawatti Peak and the same distance south of Primus Peak. The North Klawatti Glacier Klawatti Glacier and the north section of McAllister Glacier all descend from the slopes of Austera Peak. Austera Peak is the highpoint along an arête known as Austera Towers.
 The North Fork White River is a 33.0-mile-long (53.1 km) tributary of the White River. The river's source is Wall Lake in the Flat Tops Wilderness Area of Garfield County Colorado. It joins with the South Fork White River in Rio Blanco County to form the White River.
 The Bättlihorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking Mörel in the canton of Valais. It is composed of several summits. The southern summit is 2992 metres high and the northern summit is 2951 metres high.
 Perak River is the second longest river in Peninsular Malaysia after Pahang River in Pahang Malaysia. A number of towns are on the banks of the river including the royal town of Kuala Kangsar. Most of the settlements in what is today Perak were situated near the river until the 19th century when tin deposits were discovered elsewhere most notably Ipoh. The source of Sungei Perak is in the mountainous Perak-Kelantan-Thailand border of the Belum Forest Reserve.
 Zolota Lypa (Ukrainian: Золота Липа Polish: Złota Lipa) is a river in western Ukraine. It flows through Berezhany Pidhaytsi and Monastyryska districts forming the large Berezhany lake north of Berezhany. It is a left tributary of Dniester belonging to the Black Sea basin. Zolota Lypa both in Polish and Ukrainian means a golden lime-tree. The river with the opposite meaning Hnyla Lypa (rotten lime-tree) flows parallel 30 km west from Berezhany.
 The Izvorul de sub Piatră River is a tributary of the Valea Cireşului River in Romania.
 Jelova Gora (Serbian Cyrillic: Јелова гора) is a mountain in western Serbia between cities of Užice and Bajina Bašta. Its highest peak Jelenina glava has an elevation of 1011 meters above sea level.
 The Valea Obielei River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Puca River is a river of Ecuador.
 The Unirea River (Hungarian:Létom-pataka ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Iaso Tholus is a feature on Venus.
 The Los Viejos are a mountain range in Kings County California.
 High Rock Mountain is a mountain in Warren County New Jersey. The summit rises to 889 feet (271 m) and is located on the boundary of Liberty and White Townships. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains although somewhat isolated to the west of the main body of the Highlands.High Rock Mountain is not to be confused with High Rocks a feature of the Kittatinny Valley.
 Tasik Kenyir or Kenyir Lake is an artificial lake located in the state of Terengganu in northeast Malaysia created in 1985 by the damming of the Kenyir River to create the Sultan Mahmud Power Station. It is the largest man-made lake in South East Asia.
 The Almaș River is a tributary of the Drauț River in Romania.
 The Poienari River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Bjørnefossvatnet or Flatisvatnet is a lake in the northwestern part of the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The lake is located inside the Saltfjellet–Svartisen National Park about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of the town of Mo i Rana. The glacial lake is also the headwaters of the Glomåga river which flows south into the lake Langvatnet.
 The Bozolnicu River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 The Bula (Russian: Була; Chuvash: Пăла; Tatar Cyrillic: Бола Latin: Bola) is a river in the Chuvash Republic and the Republic of Tatarstan Russia a left-bank tributary of the Sviyaga River. Its length is 118 kilometers (73 mi) and its drainage basin is 1587 square kilometers (613 sq mi). It originates in the Chuvash Republic and falls into the Sviyaga River south of Devlikeyevo.Major tributaries are the Cheremshan and the Malayu Bula Rivers. The maximum mineralization is 700–1000 mg/l.
 The Leaota River is a tributary of the Zârna River in Romania.
 The Izvorul Ascuns River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare in Romania.
 Lønavatnet is a lake in the municipality of Voss in Hordaland county Norway.
 Thunebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mirror Lake is a mountain lake in Clackamas County of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is located at the foot of Tom Dick and Harry Mountain in a natural catchment formed by a toe of the mountain 11.4 kilometres (7.1 mi) southwest of Mount Hood and 3.1 kilometres (1.9 mi) WSW of Government Camp within Mount Hood National Forest.It is among the most popular day hikes in the Mount Hood area and a popular Nordic skiing destination.
 The Queen Elizabeth II Reservoir lies to the south of the River Thames and to the west of the Island Barn Reservoir. To the north are the reservoirs of Bessborough and Knight. The A3050 runs to the north of the reservoir and it is situated in Walton on Thames. It is managed by Thames Water.The reservoir was authorised by an Act of Parliament in 1935 but construction was halted on the outbreak of World War II. Work did not begin again until 1957 and it was commissioned in 1962.
 The Tocila Mică River is a tributary of the Tocila Mare River in Romania.
 Piz Materdell (2967 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking Lake Sils in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the Septimer Pass and the Julier Pass which culminates at Piz Lagrev.
 The Valea Fântânii River is a tributary of the Valea Cornetului River in Romania.
 Teunom River is a river in southern Sumatra Indonesia.
 Harras of Dhamar is a volcanic field in Yemen.
 Kings Peak is a mountain located on Vancouver Island British Columbia. The mountain is located in Strathcona Provincial Park 25 km (16 mi) northeast of Gold River and 2 km (1 mi) north of Elkhorn Mountain.Kings Peak is close to Highway 28 along the Elk River. It is one of the most frequented mountains on Vancouver Island.
 The Oaro River is a river of the north Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from its sources in the Hundalee Hills turning east shortly before reaching the coast at Oaro 15 kilometres southwest of Kaikoura.
 Bryn Mawr Glacier is a 4.5-mile-long (7.2 km) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It trends southeast to Harvard Arm of College Fjord 2 miles (3.2 km) northwest of College Point and 52 miles (84 km) west of Valdez. It was named for Bryn Mawr College in Bryn Mawr Pennsylvania by members of the 1899 Harriman Alaska Expedition.
 Shelby Lake is a 100-acre (0.40 km2) natural lake in Ballard County Kentucky and is one of only three major natural lakes in the state. It is part of the Ballard County Wildlife Management Area and owned by the Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources.
 The Nemțișor River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 Beaver Lake is a man-made reservoir in the Ozark Mountains of Northwest Arkansas and is formed by a dam across the White River. Beaver Lake has some 487 miles (784 km) of natural shoreline. With towering limestone bluffs natural caves and a wide variety of trees and flowering shrubs it is a popular tourist destination. Beaver Lake is the source of drinking water in Northwest Arkansas which is managed treated and sold by Beaver Water District.
 Monte Titano (Mount Titan) is a mountain of the Apennines and the highest peak in San Marino. It stands at 739 m (2425 ft) above sea level and is located immediately to the east of the capital San Marino. It was inscribed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2008 under the combined title San Marino Historic Centre and Mount Titano. Inscribed under reference no. 1245 criteria iii the two together encompass an area of 55 ha with a buffer zone of 167 ha.
 Rocky Peak Ridge is the twentieth highest peak in the High Peaks Region of the Adirondack Park of New York USA. The name of the mountain is due to its geology a rocky ridge to the east of the better known Giant Mountain. The long bare ridge is unusual in the Adirondacks; it resulted from the last great forest fire in the region in 1913.Ascents There are two trails leading to the top of the peak.
 The West River is a tributary of the Connecticut River about 53.8 miles (86.6 km) long in southern Vermont in the United States. According to the Geographic Names Information System it has also been known historically as Wantastiquet and as Waters of the Lonely Way.
 Mount Yoko (横岳 Yoko-dake) is located in the Southern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group of the Yatsugatake Mountains Honshū Japan.
 The Park Range elevation approximately 12000 feet (3700 m) is a mountain range in the Rocky Mountains of northwestern Colorado in the United States. The range forms a relatively isolated part of the continental divide extending north-to-south for approximately 40 miles (64 km) along the boundary between Jackson (east) and Routt counties. It separates North Park in the upper basin of the North Platte River on the east from the Elk River basin in the watershed of the Yampa River the west.
 Lake Agnes is an alpine lake in the Colorado State Forest State Park occurring within the Never Summer Mountain Range. The lake lies within glacial tarn surrounded by a cirque consisting of Nokhu Crags Static Peak Mount Richthofen Mount Mahler and Braddock Peak. It is the deepest lake in the Colorado State Forest State Park.
 Selborne Hill is one of the highest points in the county of Hampshire England. It is one of the East Hampshire Hangers a line of prominent hills on the eastern scarp slope of the Hampshire Downs and reaches 211 metres (692 ft) above sea level. Its prominence of 53 metres qualifies it as one of the county's Tumps.Selborne Hill lies above the village of Selborne on the edge of the Hampshire Downs its crown playing host to Selborne Common an area of woodland and relict wood-pasture.
 The Üetliberg (also spelled Uetliberg) is a mountain in the Swiss plateau part of the Albis chain rising to 869 m (2851 ft). The Uetliberg offers a panoramic view of the entire city of Zurich and the Lake of Zurich. There is also a hotel in the name of Uto Kulm on this small mountain. The two towers on the mountain are a look-out tower (rebuilt 1990) and the Uetliberg TV-tower (186 m rebuilt 1990). The summit is easily accessible by train from Zurich.
 The Jijioara River or Gârla Morii is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 The Notwane River (or Ngotwane River) is a river in southeastern Botswana. Certain sections of its course form the international boundary with South Africa. Its mouth is at the head of the Limpopo River. It has a catchment area of 18053 square kilometers.
 The Birțu River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 Devilwater Creek originally Arroyo Del Diablo a stream with its source on the east slope of the Temblor Range in Kern County California that flows northeast to terminate just a mile west southwest of the mouth of Media Aqua Creek. It was officially named Devilwater Creek in 1909.
 The Senced River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 Dhenve Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Dhenve meaning Lake of the Sheeps) is a small mountain lake in the north of Albania. Dhenve lake is situated in the Prokletije range near to the border with Kosovo. Dhenve Lake is shaped perfectly like a circle and the river that originates from it flows down into the Gashi River.It has an area smaller than 1 hectares.
 The Barbado River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Telembí River is a river of Colombia. It drains into the Pacific Ocean via the Patía River.
 The Crăița River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Fleischbach (Schlenze) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Pârâul Șindrilei is a tributary of the Avrig river in Romania.
 The San Francisco Peaks are a volcanic mountain range located in north central Arizona just north of Flagstaff.The highest summit in the range Humphreys Peak is the highest point in the state of Arizona at 12633 feet (3851 m) in elevation. The San Francisco Peaks are the remains of an eroded stratovolcano. An aquifer within the caldera supplies much of Flagstaff's water while the mountain itself is located within the Coconino National Forest and is a popular site for outdoor recreation.
 Mount Hayes is the highest mountain in the eastern Alaska Range. Despite not being a fourteener it is one of the largest peaks in the United States in terms of rise above local terrain. For example the Northeast Face rises 8000 feet (2440m) in approximately 2 miles (3.2 km).
 Chipmunk Mountain is a mountain in southwestern British Columbia Canada located 23 km (14 mi) southwest of Bralorne. It has an elevation of 2390 m (7840 ft) and a topographic prominence of 540 m (1770 ft) making it the highest point on an east-trending screed ridge. This horn-like rocky tower is similar to Black Tusk in Garibaldi Provincial Park.The mountain was named in 1920 by James Landsborough after a summit party had given lunch scraps to a chipmunk.
 Mutzbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Peak 11272 at 11272 feet (3436 m) is the officially unnamed fifth highest peak of the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 1.25 mi (2.01 km) southeast of D. O. Lee Peak its line parent. The Big Boulder Lakes are located north of the peak.
 Strothe is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Cazones River is a river of Mexico.
 The Râul Porcului is a tributary of the Someșul Cald River in Romania.
 The Tragoe River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Lake Meridian is a fresh-water lake located in the city of Kent Washington.
 Mount Grafton is the high point of the southern section of the Schell Creek Range in southern White Pine County in eastern Nevada in the western United States. The summit is located 39 miles (63 km) south of the community of Ely.
 The Pârâul Calului River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Storfjorden or Storfjord is a 110-kilometre (68 mi) long fjord in the Sunnmøre region of Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It stretches from the village of Hareid in the west to the villages of Tafjord and Geiranger in the east. The Storfjorden system branches off into several smaller fjords including the famous Geirangerfjord and Tafjorden.
 Sue Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Sue Lake is situated immediately northwest of Mount Kipp. Immediately after flowing out of Sue Lake the Mokowanis River descends 560 feet (170 m) over Raven Quiver Falls.
 The Wongungarra River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Høgkulen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Gillies Range is a section of the chain of summits south of Cairns that separate the Far North Queensland coastal plain from the interior Atherton Tableland. At the foot of the range is the town of Gordonvale.The Gillies Highway permits road access from the Goldsborough Valley near Gordonvale to Atherton on the Atherton Tableland via the Gillies Range (Famous for its 263 corners and 800 m elevation change in only 19 km of road).
 Cordillera de Apaneca is a volcanic mountain range in western El Salvador. It consists mainly of volcanoes.
 Pyramid Peak is a fourteen thousand foot mountain in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is the 47th highest mountain peak in Colorado and 78th highest peak in the United States. It is located in the Elk Mountains in southeastern Pitkin County approximately 12 miles (19 km) southwest of Aspen.
 The Elk River is a large stream in the North Carolina High Country and East Tennessee. The headwaters begin from the Northwestern slopes of Peak Mountain in Avery County North Carolina and end at the Watauga River in Carter County Tennessee.
 The Ptsich River (Belarusian: Пціч [ptsʲitʂ]) is a river in Eastern Europe of approximately 421 km (262 mi) length. It flows south through Belarus taking its source near Minsk and draining into the Pripyat being its left tributary.Its biggest tributary is Aresa.
 The Zamas River (Río Zamas) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Hills Creek is a tributary about 16 miles (26 km) long of the Middle Fork Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon. From its headwaters on Juniper Ridge in the Cascade Range the creek flows northwest through Lane County and the Willamette National Forest for its entire course.Hills Creek enters the Hills Creek Reservoir at Hills Creek Dam on the Middle Fork about 3 miles (5 km) upstream from Oakridge.
 Namhan River is a river of South Korea. It is a river of the Han River system.
 The Glungezer is a mountain in the Tux Alps in Tyrol southeast of Innsbruck in Austria.
 Byeokbangsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 650 metres.
 Charles Mill is a reservoir located in central Ohio near the junction of State Routes 430 and 603. Charles Mill Lake is a quiet and enjoyable place for boating camping fishing hunting or hiking. The lake is located in both Richland County (near Mansfield) and Ashland County (near Mifflin) with the dam located in Ashland County. This lake is located on the Black Fork of the Mohican River.
 The Skookumchuck River is a 45-mile (72 km) long river located in southwest Washington USA. It is a tributary of the Chehalis River and thence to the Pacific Ocean. The Skookumchuck Dam was built in 1970 creating the Skookumchuck Reservoir. The dam provides water supply for the 1400-megawatt Centralia Steam Electric Plant and supplements flows for fish resources.
 Zigzag Mountain is a volcanic mountain in Clackamas County in the U.S. state of Oregon.It is located 7.1 miles (11.4 km) west-southwest of Mount Hood 5.2 miles (8.4 km) northwest of Government Camp 5.3 miles (8.5 km) east of Zigzag and north of the Zigzag River. Because of its proximity to Mount Hood it is considered a foothill.The highest peak is 5007 feet (1526 m) above sea level.
 Roca Colom (in Catalan) or Roc Colom (in French) is a mountain of Catalonia. It is located in the Pyrenees at the border between Spain and France in the area of the Circ del Concròs in the Mentet Setcases and Prats de Molló municipal terms. The mountain has an elevation of 2506 metres above sea level.The name of the mountain means Pigeon Rock in the Catalan language.
 Lake Visaginas is located south of the town of Visaginas in eastern Lithuania.
 Breeze Hill is a prominent largely treeless rounded summit 262 metres high on the edge of Cranborne Chase about a mile east of the village of Melbury Abbas Dorset.Breeze Hill is 2 miles northeast of Compton Abbas and some 2½ miles southeast of the town of Shaftesbury. The county boundary with Wiltshire runs past the summit some 200 metres to the northeast on the upper slopes of Charlton Down.
 The Pasayten River is a tributary of the Similkameen River in the Canadian province of British Columbia and the U.S. state of Washington.The Pasayten River is part of the Columbia River drainage basin being a tributary of the Similkameen River which flows into the Okanagan River which flows into the Columbia River.
 Dog Lake is a lake in Salt Lake County Utah located between Millcreek Canyon and Big Cottonwood Canyon. The lake can be accessed by hiking trail from either canyon.
 Beta Regio is a region of the planet Venus known as a volcanic rise. Measuring about 3000 km it constitutes a prominent upland region of Venus centered at 25.3°N 282.8°E﻿ / 25.3; 282.8.The first features that showed up in early radar surveys of the planet were given the names of letters of the Greek alphabet. Beta Regio was one of those features. It was discovered and named by Dick Goldstein in 1964.
 Governor Bond Lake is a reservoir in Bond County Illinois United States. The reservoir covers an area of 775 acres (3.14 km2). The reservoir was built in the 1960s to supply water to nearby Greenville.
 Massiccio del Sirino is a mountain of Basilicata Italy.
 Maja e Tomorrit is one of the highest peaks of the Tomorr mountain in southern Albania. It is 2379 m (7805 ft) above sea level and is found at the south of Tomorr.
 Piz Serra is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. The northern side of the mountain (Graubünden) is part of the Swiss National Park. The southern side of the mountain (Lombardy) is part of the Stelvio National Park.
 Turret Peak is the sixth highest peak (tied with Doublet Peak) in Wyoming and the fifth highest in the Wind River Range. The Dinwoody Glacier is located on the northwest slope of the mountain while the Helen Glacier is to the south. Turret Peak is estimated to be between 13606 to 13646 ft (4147 to 4159 m) high.
 Buffalo Creek is an 84.3-mile-long (135.7 km) river in central Minnesota. It is a tributary of the South Fork of the Crow River which is a tributary of the Mississippi River.
 Confusion Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 479 along Timpa Creek or 462 along the Middle Fork of the Boise River.Confusion Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 Taruo Lake or Taruocuo (Chinese: 塔若错; pinyin: Tǎruò Cuò) also known as Taro Tso (Tibetan: ཐ་རོ་མཚོ་ Wylie: tha ro mtsho ZYPY: Taro Tso) is a lake in Zhongba County in the Shigatse Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. It is located about 70 kilometres west of Coqên Town. It is 38.1 km long and 17.2 km wide and has an area of 486.6 square km.
 Ashigara Pass (足柄峠 Ashigara-tōge) is a mountain pass on the border of Kanagawa and Shizuoka Prefectures near to Mount Kintoki in Japan. The pass traverses the mountains at 759 metres (2490 ft).
 Rätzsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 57.5 m its surface area is 2.92 km².
 Sauberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Valea Domnilor River is a tributary of the Sărand River in Romania.
 The Vadu Crişului - Aştileu Canal (called colloquially Canalu de Apă) is an artificial canal diverting the discharge of the Crişul Repede River for the supply of the Aştileu hydroelectric plant with an installed capacity of 2.8 MW. The canal 9 km long canal was built in 1954.
 The Calul River is a tributary of the Veleşchia River in Romania.
 Ashurst Lake is a small lake located on the Anderson Mesa 20 miles (32 km) southeast of Flagstaff. It is one of the few natural lakes in the state of Arizona the bulk of which reside in the area.Unlike similarly sized lakes in the North Central Arizona region Ashurst is fed by more reliable springs and has a reputation for retaining water even during long dry periods. The lake is regularly stocked with rainbow trout and thus a common destination for local anglers.
 The Heathcote River (Māori: Ōpawaho) lies within the city boundaries of Christchurch New Zealand and is fed from springs near Templetons Road and also receives wet weather flows from as far west as Pound Road. It meanders around the base of the Port Hills from west to south-east.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Aleu River in Romania.
 Crocco is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon from the Earth. It is located to the northeast of the huge walled plain Planck and northwest of the equally huge Poincaré. Just to the north within one crater diameter is the crater Koch.This is a nearly circular crater formation whose eastern rim has been partly overlain by the satellite crater Crocco G. The rim has received some erosion but it retains a well-defined edge.
 The Valea Iazurilor River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Esthwaite Water is one of the smaller and lesser known lakes in the Lake District national park in northern England. It is situated between the much larger lakes of Windermere and Coniston Water in the traditional county of Lancashire; since 1974 in the administrative county of Cumbria. To the north is the village of Hawkshead and to the west is Grizedale Forest.The lake covers around 280 acres (1.1 km2) and is known for its excellent fishing particularly trout and pike.
 The Bergkopf is an 857 metre high thickly forested mountain in the Sparneck Forest in Germany's Fichtel Mountains.It lies in the northern chain of the Fichtel Mountain Horseshoe near the crest of the Großer Waldstein. On its northern slopes is the granite rock formation of Kleiner Waldstein (829 m above NN) and further north towards Sparneck the source of the Förmitz river.
 The Pârâul Carpenului or Valea Carpenilor River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 The Călugărița River is a tributary of the Călugărul River in Romania.
 Erebor Mons is a mountain on Titan the largest moon of the planet Saturn. It is located near Titan's equator between 4-5° south and 35-36° west within the Quivira region.Erebor Mons is named after Erebor the Lonely Mountain that appears in J. R. R. Tolkien's fictional world of Middle-earth most prominently in The Hobbit. The name follows a convention that Titanean mountains are after mountains in Tolkien's work. It was formally announced on November 13 2012.
 Silver Creek is a large creek that flows for approximately 40 miles (64 km) through Madison County Kentucky in the United States.The creek's depth varies from a few inches to over 8 feet (2 m) at normal water levels. Its headwaters are located south of Berea. It reaches its terminus northwest of Richmond at the Kentucky River. It is one of six major creeks flowing north through Madison County and emptying into the Kentucky River.
 Rabalsmellen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Valea Tisei River is a tributary of the Valea Malului River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Întorsăturii is a tributary of the Uilocul Mare River in Romania.
 This article is about a mountain located in Greenfield and Temple New Hampshire. It Should not be confused with the nearby Mount Monadnock. For other uses see Monadnock (disambiguation)North Pack Monadnock or North Pack Monadnock Mountain is a 2276-foot (694 m) monadnock in south-central New Hampshire at the northern end of the Wapack Range of mountains. It lies within Greenfield and Temple New Hampshire; the 22-mile (35 km) Wapack Trail traverses the mountain.
 Mam Sodhail sometimes known by its anglicised name of Mam Soul is a Scottish Munro situated in the secluded country on the northern side of Glen Affric some 30 kilometres east of Kyle of Lochalsh.
 The Layon (French: le Layon) is a 90.2 km (56.0 mi) long river in the Deux-Sèvres and Maine-et-Loire départements western France. Its source is near Saint-Maurice-la-Fougereuse. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Loire into which it flows near Chalonnes-sur-Loire.
 The Pelotinhas River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin and a tributary of the Pelotas River.
 The Recea River or Odaia River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
 The Happy Valley Reservoir is a water reservoir located in Adelaide Australia. Constructed when the total population of Adelaide numbered 315200 (1893 census) the Happy Valley Reservoir now supplies over a half a million people from Adelaide's southern extent to the city-centre. It is also home to lots of wildlife including many kangaroos.
 The Claro River (Preto River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Ovan lake (also known as Evan lake) is a small alpine lake in Alamut region of Arburz range in Qazvin province of Iran. The centre point of the lake is approximately located at 36°28′58.98″N 50°26′37.39″E. The only tributary that flows into the lake is a stream with the same name Ovan coming down from northern mounts. The north of the lake is also surrounded by three small villages namely from east to west: Varbon Ovan and Zar-abaad.
 Pearl Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island is an expansion of Oyster River near head and east of Buttle Lake.
 Doubletop Mountain is a mountain located in Ulster County New York. The mountain is part of the Catskill Mountains.Doubletop Mtn. is flanked to the northwest by Graham Mountain to the east by Big Indian Mountain and to the southwest by the Beaver Kill Range.Doubletop Mountain stands within the watershed of the Delaware River which drains into Delaware Bay. The northeast side of Doubletop Mtn. drains into the headwaters of Dry Brook thence into the East Branch of the Delaware River.
 The Pineiós (Greek: Πηνειός Latin: Peneus) is a river in Peloponnese Greece. It is probably not named after the god Peneus. Its source is on the southwestern slope of the mountain Erymanthus near the village Kryovrysi. It empties into a bay of the Ionian Sea southwest of Gastouni. For a part of its upper course it forms the border between Elis and Achaea. The river flows through the plain of Elis.
 Hawkeye Point is the highest natural point in Iowa at 1670 feet (510 m). It is approximately 4.5 miles (7.2 km) north of Sibley on the eastern side of SR 60 and approximately 3.5 miles (5.6 km) south of the Iowa-Minnesota state border. The high ground lies 100 feet (30 m) due south of an old silo.The land that includes the highpoint was donated by the Sterler family who worked this land for many decades to Osceola County with the stipulation that the land be turned into a park.
 The Sweet River (Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.The source of Sweet River is Sweet River Cave Cairn Curran.
 The Odzi River is a tributary of the Save River in Zimbabwe. It joins the latter river at Nyanadzi. It is dammed at Osborne Dam.
 American Summit or (occasionally) American Pass is a 3420 feet (1042 m)-high mountain pass through the high ground of the Fortymile River district of east-central Alaska. Today American Summit is traversed by the Taylor Highway which connects the town of Eagle Alaska to the Alaska Highway and the Top of the World Highway.
 Gavenupis is a river of Biržai district municipality Panevėžys County northern Lithuania.
 Gvozdačke stene (Serbian Cyrillic: Гвоздачке стене) is a mountain in western Serbia. It overlooks the Drina river between the towns of Bajina Bašta and Ljubovija. Its highest peak Svilena stena has an elevation of 1231 meters followed by Sokolina to the west at 1225 meters. The mountain is named after the village Gvozdac.
 The Aiguille de Rochefort (4001 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in France and Italy. The peak lies on the Rochefort arête between the Dent du Géant and the Grandes Jorasses and is usually climbed during a traverse of the ridge.The first ascent of the peak was by James Eccles and guides Alphonse and Michel Payot on 14 August 1873.
 Pyramid Lake is a reservoir formed by Pyramid Dam on Piru Creek in the eastern San Emigdio Mountains near Castaic Southern California. It is fed by the West Branch California Aqueduct water after being pumped up from the San Joaquin Valley and through the Tehachapi Mountains
 Hedges Peak el. 9669 feet (2947 m) is a mountain peak in the Washburn Range in Yellowstone National Park. The peak was named in 1895 by geologist Arnold Hague to honor Cornelius Hedges (1837–1907) a member of the Washburn–Langford–Doane Expedition of 1871 and prominent Montana lawyer. Hedges accounts of the expedition in Helena Daily Herald newspaper contributed to the campaign to create Yellowstone National Park. Prior to 1895 the peak had been named Surprise Peak by geologist J.P.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Clay County Arkansas United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 259 feet (79 m).
 Lake Grassmere is close to Cook Strait in the northeastern South Island of New Zealand. The lake is used for the production of salt.
 Smarts Mountain is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. Smarts is flanked to the north by Mount Cube at 2909 feet (887 m) and to the southwest by Holts Ledge at 2110 feet (640 m). Although of only moderate elevation Smarts is separated from the southwestern White Mountains by Oliverian Notch a fairly low pass traversed by New Hampshire Route 25 southwest of Mount Moosilauke.
 Mount Pinchot is the highest peak in the Wichita Mountains Wildlife Refuge of Southwest Oklahoma at 2476 feet (755 m) above sea level. It is located toward the western edge of the WMWR. The US Fish and Wildlife Service is responsible for the maintenance of the area. Mount Pinchot is located within the Wildlife Refuge's Special Use Area and is closed to the public.
 The Bârzăvița River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Mount Mary Austin is a mountain east of the Sierra Crest and west of Independence California. It is named in honor of Mary Hunter Austin the author of The Land of Little Rain who lived in Independence. The mountain is in the John Muir Wilderness. Access is limited because the area is considered habitat for the Sierra Nevada Bighorn Sheep (Ovis canadensis sierrae) which is endangered. Permits are issued from December 15 to July 1.
 Swabia Creek is a tributary of Little Lehigh Creek in Berks and Lehigh Counties Pennsylvania in the United States.
 The Poganu River is a tributary of the Surdui River in Romania.
 Ingraham Lake is a lake in Monroe County Florida United States. It located within the limits of Everglades National Park. It is the southernmost lake in the continental United States located in Cape Sable and is less than 1000 acres (4 km2) in size. It is 71 miles (114 km) southwest of Miami. It is accessible to the Gulf Of Mexico by the Middle Cape Canal at its northern border of the lake. It is accessible to Florida Bay by East Cape Canal. at the southern border of the lake.
 The Valea Mierlei River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Warner Mountains are an 85-mile (137 km)-long mountain range running north–south through northeastern California and extending into southern Oregon in the United States.
 Badwater Basin is an endorheic basin in Death Valley National Park Death Valley Inyo County California noted as the lowest point in North America with an elevation of 282 ft (86 m) below sea level. Mount Whitney the highest point in the contiguous 48 states is only 84.6 miles (136 km) to the WNW.The site itself consists of a small spring-fed pool of bad water next to the road in a sink; the accumulated salts of the surrounding basin make it undrinkable thus giving it the name.
 This article discusses the river named Mayo Kébbi. For the former prefecture of Chad see Mayo-Kébbi Prefecture.The Mayo Kébbi is a river in Central and West Africa. The river rises in Chad then flows west into the Bénoué River. Mayo-Kébbi Prefecture in Chad is named for it. The Mayo Kébbi is the major outlet for Lake Fianga shared between Cameroon and Chad.
 The Aguasabon River /ˌɑːɡwəˈsɑːbɨn/ is a river in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. The river originates at Chorus Lake and empties into Lake Superior near the community of Terrace Bay.The Aguasabon is 70 kilometres (43 mi) in length and plunges down 30 metres (98 ft) at the Aguasabon Falls. The river follows fractures in the 2.6 billion-year-old bedrock and the exposed rock is granodiorite.
 An Sgùrr is the highest hill on the Inner Hebridean island of Eigg Lochaber Highland Scotland. It was formed 58.72 ± 0.07 million years ago; the result of one of the last eruptions of a volcano the core of which now forms the Isle of Rùm. Thick viscous pitchstone lava of rhyodacitic composition flowed out filling a river valley. The lava cooled and formed column-like structures similar to those at Giant's Causeway.
 The Ciolt River is a tributary of the Chișindia River in Romania.
 The Cedar Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada.The Cedar Range is the adjacent range north of the Clover Mountains anchoring the south on the east perimeter of the Meadow Valley Wash watershed.
 Cummins Creek (Colorado River) (Lee County Texas). Cummins Creek rises near Giddings in Lee County (at 30°11' N 96°55' W) and runs southeast through Lee Fayette and Colorado counties for sixty-five miles to its mouth on a horseshoe bend of the Colorado River opposite Columbus (at 29°43' N 96°31' W). The stream is named for James (Jack) Cummins one of Stephen F. Austin's Old Three Hundred who was granted the land at its mouth in 1824. Cummins built a sawmill and gristmill there in 1826.
 Gauchsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Old Black is a mountain in the Great Smoky Mountains located in the Southeastern United States.
 Static Peak Divide is a pedestrian mountain pass located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The pass is situated at 10800 ft (3300 m) above sea level and is the high point along the Alaska Basin Trail which is accessed from Death Canyon. The Static Peak Divide is the highest altitude mountain pass along any maintained trail in Grand Teton National Park and is just west of Static Peak.
 The Da Prata River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Symphony Lake is a lake in the Singapore Botanic Gardens Singapore. An artificial lake it features a large stage known as the Shaw Foundation Symphony Stage built on an islet in the middle of the water body. The stage is most known as the venue for the Singapore Symphony Orchestra's monthly SSO in the Park open-concept concerts hence giving the lake its name.
 The Sapodilla Creek is a river of the Bahamas.
 Clowhom Lake is a reservoir in the Sechelt Inlet basin located on the Clowhom River at the upper end of Salmon Inlet the southern side-inlet of Sechelt Inlet. Formed by Clowhom Dam the reservoir was formerly two lakes Upper Clowhom Lake and Lower Clowhom Lake and had been referred to prior to their merger from inundation as the Clowhom Lakes.
 Sognesjøen is a strait in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The strait is the outermost part of the large Sognefjorden. It runs along the border between Solund and Gulen municipalities. The 35-kilometre (22 mi) long strait begins around the village of Rutledal on the mainland of Gulen at the mouth of the Sognefjorden. The strait then flows in a southwesterly direction into the North Sea just north of the island municipality of Fedje (in Hordaland county).
 The Dicșan River is a tributary of the Timișana River in Romania.
 Tromsøysundet (Northern Sami: Romssanuorri) is a strait located in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. It separates the island of Tromsøya (the location of the Tromsø city centre) from the mainland east of the island. The strait is crossed by the Tromsøysund Tunnel (E8 highway) and the Tromsø Bridge. The strait is about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) long and it ranges from about 600 metres (2000 ft) to 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) wide.
 The Cholame Hills are a low mountain range in the California Coast Ranges in extreme southeastern Monterey County California.
 The Desveado River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Gulf of Guacanayabo (Spanish: Golfo de Guacanayabo) is a bay along the southern coast of Cuba bordered by Granma and Las Tunas provinces. It is located at 20.5°N 77.5°W﻿ / 20.5; -77.5﻿ (Gulf of Guacanayabo).
 The Bezded River is a tributary of the Gârbou River in Romania.
 The Vâlcelul Secării River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
 The Uver (Russian: Уверь) is a river in Moshenskoy and Borovichsky Districts of Novgorod Oblast. It is a right tributary of the Msta River. It is 90 kilometres (56 mi) long and the area of its basin 3930 square kilometres (1520 sq mi). The principal tributary is the Syezha (left).The source of the Uver is in Lake Korobozha northeast of the town of Borovichi. It flows south and joins the Msta between the settlements of Berezovsky Ryadok and Opechensky Posad.
 The Grotta di Ispinigoli is a karstic cave in the Supramonte massif near Dorgali Sardinia Italy.
 Mount Ni (Chinese: 尼山; pinyin: Níshān) is a hill about 30 km to the southeast of the city of Qufu in Shandong Province China. The hill is culturally significant because it is traditionally regarded as the birthplace of Confucius.
 Mount Awu is the largest volcano in the Sangihe chain. Powerful eruptions occurred in 1711 1812 1856 1892 and 1966 with devastating pyroclastic flows and lahars that have resulted in more than 8000 fatalities altogether. A 4.5 km wide of crater is found at the summit and a deep valley forms a passageways for lahars splitting the flanks from the crater. This is a volcano in the Ring of Fire.
 The Tigăile Mici River is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
 For other places sharing the name 'Pass of the cross' please see Col de la Croix (disambiguation)Col de la Croix-Morand (also known as Col de Dyane) (el. 1401 m.) is a high mountain pass of the Massif Central in France in the department of Puy de Dôme near Clermont-Ferrand. It inspired a song by Jean-Louis Murat.
 The Mogoșu River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 Mount King Edward is a mountain located at the head of the Athabasca River valley in Jasper National Park Canada. Mt. King Edward is situated on the Continental Divide with Mt. Columbia 5½ km east. The mountain was named in 1906 by Mary Schaffer after King Edward VII.Mt. King Edward should not be confused with King Edward Peak 2789 m (9150 ft) just north of the US border although it too was named after King Edward.
 Kishacoquillas Creek is a 24.0-mile-long (38.6 km) tributary of the Juniata River in Mifflin County Pennsylvania in the United States.Kishacoquillas Creek (named for a friendly Native American inhabitant) drains the Kishacoquillas Valley running along the foot of the Jacks Mountain ridge where it intersects with Honey Creek before passing through the Mann Narrows water gap and joins the Juniata River at the borough of Lewistown.
 The Merrimack River (or Merrimac River an occasional earlier spelling) is a 117-mile-long (188 km) river in the northeastern United States. It rises at the confluence of the Pemigewasset and Winnipesaukee rivers in Franklin New Hampshire flows southward into Massachusetts and then flows northeast until it empties into the Atlantic Ocean at Newburyport.
 Linganore Creek is a 13.5-mile-long (21.7 km) tributary of the Monocacy River in Frederick County Maryland. The stream is formed from the confluence of the north and south forks of the Linganore (39.4489911°N 77.2216489°W﻿ / 39.4489911; -77.2216489) about 10 miles (16 km) east-northeast of the city of Frederick. The creek runs roughly southwest to the Monocacy River which drains to the Potomac River.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Albuia River in Romania.
 Drusel is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Bulmosan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 399 metres.
 Piz d'Urezza (2906 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps located west of Zernez in the canton of Graubünden. It lies east of Piz Sarsura on the range between the Val Sarsura and the Val Pülschezza.
 Mount Echigo-Komagatake or Uonuma-Komagatake (越後駒ヶ岳 or 魚沼駒ヶ岳) is a mountain located on the border of Uonuma andMinamiuonuma Niigata Prefecture Japan with an elevation of 2002.7 m (6571 ft) It is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan.Mount Echigo-Komagatake along with Nakanodake and Mount Hakkai is also one of the three great mountains of Echigo the old name for this area of Niigata Prefecture.
 The Techera River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Oyster Peak was named by George M. Dawson in 1884. It is located in the Sawback Range in Alberta.
 The Sandy River is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 Banfe (Lahn) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Paranaíta River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Tumalo Creek is a tributary about 20 miles (32 km) long of the Deschutes River located in Deschutes County in Central Oregon United States. It rises in the Cascade Range at 44.04706°N 121.598647°W﻿ / 44.04706; -121.598647﻿ (Tumalo Creek source) where Middle Fork Tumalo Creek and North Fork Tumalo Creek meet and forms several waterfalls including the 97-foot (30 m) Tumalo Falls.
 The Makatote River is a river of the centre of New Zealand's North Island. It flows west from the slopes of Mount Ruapehu before entering rough hill country and veering southwest. It joins with the waters of several smaller streams to become the Manganui o te Ao River part of the Whanganui River system.
 The 19-mile Pemaquid River starts at Tobias Pond in Waldoboro (Latitude: 44.134167 N Longitude: 69.439444 W) and ends at Johns Bay Bristol Maine.Distances from south to north: Mouth of Pemaquid Harbor to Route 130: 2.4 miles Route 130 to Biscay Pond (at point where river exits the pond): 7.7 miles; Total from harbor mouth: 10.1 miles Biscay Pond (full length): 2.7 miles; Total from harbor mouth: 12.8 miles Pemaquid Pond (full length to Route 1): 6.1 miles; Total from harbor mouth: 18.9 miles.The Pemaquid River watershed covers parts of six towns and is 46.9 square miles in size of which 5.4 sq miles is water and 41.5 sq miles is land.The Pemaquid River watershed includes the sub-watersheds that flow into the Pemaquid River or into Pemaquid Harbor (including Little Falls Brook which flows into Pemaquid Harbor and Beaver Dam Brook which flows into Duckpuddle Pond). 
 The Tanana River /ˈtænənɑː/ is a 584-mile (940 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. According to linguist and anthropologist William Bright the name is from the Koyukon (Athabaskan) tene no tenene literally trail river.The river's headwaters are located at the confluence of the Chisana and Nabesna rivers just north of Northway in eastern Alaska.
 Carp River is a 21.9-mile-long (35.2 km) river in Marquette County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The Carp River is formed by the outflow of Deer Lake in Ishpeming Township north of Ishpeming at 46°31′58″N 87°40′01″W in the Upper Peninsula.The river flows generally east emptying into Marquette Bay of Lake Superior at 46°31′07″N 87°23′02″W near the Marquette Branch Prison on the south side of the city of Marquette.
 Lake Malombe is a lake in southern part of Malawi on the Shire River in the Southern Region. It is located at around 14°40′0″S 35°15′0″E about twelve miles south of much larger Lake Malawi. It has an area of about 450 square kilometres (170 sq mi). In recent years the number of fishermen on the lake rose substantially and this led to local decline in some fish species especially the chambo which is an important source of food throughout Malawi.
 Große Wilde is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Baekhwasan is a mountain between the county of Goesan Chungcheongbuk-do and the city of Mungyeong Gyeongsangbuk-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1064 m (3491 ft).
 The Imja Khola (Nepali: इम्जा खोला) is a tributary of the Dudh Kosi in Nepal. It drains the slopes of Mount Everest.The Khumbu Glacier melts into the Lobujya (Lobuche) River which flows southward as the Imja Khola to its confluence with the Dudh Kosi at Tengboche.The Imja Khola collects water from the Imja Glacier through the Dingboche Valley.
 The Moacir Ávidos River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Snake Range is a mountain range in the Great Basin region of the Western United States. The range is located in eastern White Pine County of central-eastern Nevada.
 Jerimoth Hill (812 ft 247 m) is the highest natural point in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. Jerimoth Hill is located in Providence County in the town of Foster near the Connecticut border.The highpoint was donated to Brown University by Walter Raymond Turner a Brown alumnus of the class of 1911. In 1938 he purchased the saltbox house to the west and the surrounding 360 acres (150 ha).
 Kongde Ri (sometimes Kwangde Ri) is a mountain in the Himalaya of eastern Nepal. The mountain is located four km west of Namche Bazaar.The mountain is classified as a trekking peak but it is considered one of the more difficult to climb. A climbing permit costs $350 USD for up to 4 climbers.
 Sago (also known as Malintang) is a mountain in West Sumatra Indonesia. It is near to the city of Payakumbuh and the town of Batusangkar.
 The Stăneasca River is a tributary of the Topolog River in Romania.
 Meall Garbh is a mountain on the north side of Glen Lyon in the Scottish Highlands. The flat summit of the hill has two tops of almost equal height the north-west one being considered the higher.Meall Garbh is usually climbed as part of a circuit of the watershed of the Invervar burn a 14 kilometre route taking four Munros. If done clockwise Meall Garbh is the second summit reached following Càrn Gorm.
 Cray Reservoir is a storage reservoir located in the Brecon Beacons National Park for the water supply to the city of Swansea in South Wales and was built between 1898 and 1906 by Swansea Corporation. The reservoir now supplies water to the towns in the valley of the River Tawe and north Swansea.The location of the reservoir was chosen as it was upstream of the heavily industrialised parts of the Tawe valley and in an area of high rainfall with as large an upstream catchment as possible.
 The Karatau Mountains are located in southern Kazakhstan just north of the Syrdaria River and they display a unique geomorphology. The name Karatau means Black Mountain in the Kazakh language. The mountains aside from housing a varied geology contain numerous stone archaeological sites that represent the many stages of cultural evolution from the early Paleolithic Age (1 million BP) to the Neolithic Age (6500 BP).
 Tomahawk Lake is a lake of Kings County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lonesome Valley is a 23-mile (37 km) long valley located in central-north Yavapai County Arizona; the valley is an extension southeastwards from Chino Valley (Arizona) the location of the Big Chino Wash which becomes the Verde River at Paulden Arizona; Paulden is located at the northwest terminus of Lonesome Valley. A small sub-valley is located on the northeast perimeter of Chino Valley Arizona located in the center-northwest of Lonesome Valley.
 Barnacle Bill is a 40-centimetre (16 in) rock on Mars in Ares Vallis. It was the first rock on Mars analyzed by the Sojourner rover using its Alpha Proton X-ray Spectrometer.
 Tennessee Pass elevation 10424 ft (3177 m) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States.
 The Cerbu River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 The River Beult (/ˈbɛlt/ BELT) is a tributary of the River Medway. It has several sources west of Ashford including one at Woodchurch. It then flows through Headcorn. At Hunton 7 furlongs (1.4 km) above Yalding it is joined by the major stream of the River Teise. Town bridge lies 10 1⁄4 miles (16.5 km) from Allington it is the longest mediaeval bridge in Kent. The river enters the Medway at Yalding. The River Beult is crossed by the railway between Headcorn and Staplehurst.
 The Zezë is a river in western Albania a source river of the Ishëm River. Its source is in the mountains east of Krujë. It flows through Fushë-Krujë and joins the Gjole near Kodër-Thumanë to form the Ishëm.
 The Cracul Mare River is a headwater of the Izvorul Alb in Romania.
 Werneth Low is a hill in Greater Manchester England and a part of the Pennines. It is located on the borders of Stockport and Tameside in the town of Hyde and rises to a height of 279 metres (915 ft).
 Lac de Chambly is a lake in the Jura department of France.
 The Hididel River or Hidigel River or Hidegel River is a tributary of the Râul Rece in Romania.
 Mount Kialagvik is a small poorly known stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula of Alaska United States.
 Trettach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Grizzly Peak is a summit in the Berkeley Hills above Berkeley California. The peak is located on the border between Alameda and Contra Costa counties within the boundaries of Tilden Regional Park and directly behind the University of California Berkeley campus.The peak was named for the California grizzly bear which inhabited the local area until sometime in the late 1800s.
 The Choluteca river basin lies on the hot and dry southern Pacific coast of Honduras and is bordered by Nicaragua to the east. The name Choluteca thought to mean ‘broad valley’ originates from the indigenous Chorotega tribe who inhabited the region prior to Spanish conquest.
 Beenoskee or Benoskee (from Irish: Binn os Gaoith meaning peak above the wind) is a 826 m (2710 ft) mountain on the Dingle Peninsula in County Kerry Ireland. Part of the Dingle Mountains it is the highest of the Central Dingle group and the 28th highest in Ireland. It is within the Gaeltacht.Beenoskee is the highest peak of the Central Dingle massif which also includes the peaks of Stradbally Mountain (798m) Coumbaun (610m) and Beenatoor (592m).
 The Pianu River ( Hungarian: Pián-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Kaaterskill Creek is a 25.9-mile-long (41.7 km) tributary of Catskill Creek in Greene and Ulster counties in New York. Via Catskill Creek it is part of the Hudson River watershed.Kaaterskill Creek rises in the town of Hunter within the Catskill Forest Preserve northwest of the village of Tannersville.
 Col des Mosses (el. 1445 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps at Les Mosses in the canton of Vaud linking Aigle to Château-d'Œx.The Alpine Pass Route hiking trail passes through Col des Mosses on the way to Montreux.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Boului or Boul River is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Boul Mare River and Boul Mic River.
 The Sterminos River is a headwater of the Negoiu river in Romania.
 The Sepik River /ˈseɪpɪk/ is the longest river on the island of New Guinea and after the Fly and the Mamberamo the third largest by volume. The majority of the river flows through the Papua New Guinea (PNG) provinces of Sandaun and East Sepik with a small section flowing through the Indonesian province of Papua.The Sepik has a large catchment area and landforms that include swamplands tropical rainforests and mountains.
 The Wabash River /ˈwɔːbæʃ/ is a 503-mile-long (810 km) river in the Midwestern United States that flows southwest from northwest Ohio near Fort Recovery across northern Indiana to southern Illinois where it forms the Illinois-Indiana border before draining into the Ohio River of which it is the largest northern tributary.
 The Saint Louis River is a river of Grenada.
 The North Fork Double Mountain Fork Brazos River is an intermittent stream about 75 mi (121 km) long heading at the junction of Blackwater Draw and Yellow House Draw in the city of Lubbock flowing generally southeastward to its mouth on the Double Mountain Fork Brazos River in western Kent County.
 The Gruișoru River is a tributary of the Cernatu River in Romania.
 The Șutila River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 The Valea Izvorului River is a tributary of the Şteaza river in Romania.
 Unterer Hauenstein Pass (el. 691 m.) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains between the canton of Basel-Country and Solothurn in Switzerland.It connects Buckten in Basel-Country and Trimbach in Solothurn. The pass road has a maximum grade of 6 percent.The pass was probably already used by the Romans. In 1993 Roman artifacts were discovered at the pass. It also lies close to the Roman settlement of Augusta Raurica.
 Laguna de Bay (Filipino: Lawa ng Bay; English: Lake of Bay) is the largest lake in the Philippines located east of Metro Manila between the provinces of Laguna to the south and Rizal to the north. The freshwater lake has a surface area of 911-949 km² (352-366 sq mi) with an average depth of about 2.8 metres (9 ft 2 in) and an elevation of about 1 metre (3 ft 3 in) above sea level. The lake is shaped like a stylized 'W' with two peninsulas jutting out from the northern shore.
 Caeté River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Mount Marathon or Marathon Mountain is a mountain directly west of Seward in the Kenai Mountains in the U.S. state of Alaska. The namesake of the mountain is the Mount Marathon Race held every Fourth of July.
 Eagle Lake is a lake at 5098 ft (1554 m) elevation in Lassen County approximately 15 mi (24 km) north of Susanville California. An endorheic alkaline lake it is the second largest natural lake entirely in the state of California United States.
 Lokon-Empung is a volcano on the island of Sulawesi. It is one of the most active in Indonesia. It consists of two volcanic cones the older Lokon and the younger Empung. The active crater of Tompaluan is situated in the saddle between the two cones.
 Houssay is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the northern pole. The crater is located to the Northeast of and directly adjacent to crater Nansen. Houssay was adopted and named after Argentinian physiologist Bernardo Houssay by the IAU in 2009.
 Donnellys Lake is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Whiteshield Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1924 because of the ice and snow on the east side of the mountain.
 Bauneg Beg Mountain is a mountain summit located in the town of North Berwick in York County in the state of Maine. Bauneg Beg Mountain climbs to 860 ft (260 m) above sea level. Bauneg Beg Mountain is taller than Mount Agamenticus and has been used by mariners to navigate the Maine Coast. This area is characterized by rolling forested hills broad stream valleys and numerous swamps.Bauneg Beg Mountain is the only mountain in southern Maine that does not have a radio tower on it.
 The Pârâul Cupa is a tributary of the Cupele River in Romania.
 The Pietrosu River is a tributary of the Dobrovăț River in Romania.
 The Oirase River (奥入瀬川 Oirase-gawa) is a river located in eastern Aomori prefecture Japan.The Oirase River is the only river draining Lake Towada a large caldera lake on the border of Aomori and Akita Prefectures. The river flows in a generally eastern direction through the municipalities of Towada Rokunohe Oirase and Hachinohe before exiting into the Pacific Ocean.
 Dürnach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Ocna River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 The Apiai-Mirim River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Bachmühlbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Yellowhead Lake is an irregularly shaped lake that is located about 3.7 km southwest of Yellowhead Pass within the boundaries of Mount Robson Provincial Park. It is on the lower reaches of Yellowhead Creek a large creek that flows into the upper Fraser River above Moose Lake.
 Great Sca Fell is a fell in the English Lake District it stands seven kilometres southwest of the village of Caldbeck and is the highest of the four Uldale Fells (the other three being Longlands Fell Meal Fell and Great Cockup). It is a Wainwright and the lowest of the lakeland Sca fells the other two being Scafell and Scafell Pike.
 The Selina River or Șumița River is a tributary of the Brezovița River in Romania.
 The Deșag River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 The Cedar Mountains are a mountain range in Mineral County Nevada and is situated in the Walker Lane region of Western Nevada. It was the site of a magnitude 7.2 earthquake on December 20 1932.
 The Inzel River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.
 Colonial Peak is a mountain in the North Cascades of Washington United States. It rises steeply from the southwest bank of Thunder Arm of Diablo Lake one of the artificial reservoirs on the Skagit River. It is part of a group of peaks that form the northern end of a chain running south through prized climbing destinations such as Eldorado Peak Forbidden Peak and Goode Mountain.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Netezi River in Romania.
 The Papaloapan River (Spanish: Río Papaloapan) is one of the main rivers of the Mexican state of Veracruz. Its name is derived from the Nahuatl papalotl (butterfly) and apan (river).The Papaloapan rises in the Sierra Madre Oriental on the border between the states of Veracruz and Oaxaca. It is formed where the Santo Domingo River and the Valle Nacional River join to the southwest of San Juan Bautista Tuxtepec in Oaxaca.
 The Carucango River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Mount Creek is a river of the Bahamas.
 Black Lake is a lake located in Haliburton County Ontario and not to be confused with Black Lake near Sudbury Ontario.The lake is approximately 2 kilometres long and 1 kilometre at its widest point. It has one privately owned island which is called Casimir Island. Access is via two privately maintained roads leading east off of highway 35 between Norland and Minden Ontario. There is a shared dock and approximately 100 cottages on the lake.
 Whangape Harbour is a harbour on the west coast of Northland New Zealand. There is a settlement also called Whangape on the northern side of the harbour and another called Pawarenga on the southern side. The Herekino Harbour and settlement are a few kilometres to the north and the Hokianga is to the south and east. Kaitaia is 42 km north east.The harbour is a narrow valley from the confluence of the Awaroa and Rotokakahi Rivers through hills to the Tasman Sea.
 Nodlandsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Eigersund in Rogaland county Norway. The lake is a major reservoir for the local energy company Dalane Energi and has a capacity of 20 million cubic metres the second largest in the area after Spjodevatnet with 24 million cubic metres.The lake also serves a recreational function. The Opplev Dalane (explore Dalane) hiking path runs past the lake and an open hut for hikers is expected to open in December 2007 at Imeseid.
 Bear Mountain is a peak in the Tehachapi Mountains near Tehachapi California.The mountain is north of Bear Valley Springs and west of the Tehachapi Loop a spiral on the railroad line through Tehachapi Pass. Much of the mountain is on land owned by the Keene Ranch.[citation needed]
 Oksefjorden (Northern Sami: Vuoksavuotna) is a fjord in Lebesby Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. It is located just southwest of Cape Nordkinn on the Nordkinn Peninsula. The uninhabited fishing village of Oksevåg is located at the innermost part of the fjord.
 The Waikakaho River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from its sources southeast of Havelock to reach the Wairau River five kilometres west of Tuamarina.
 Ojstrica (2350 m) is a mountain in eastern part of Kamnik Alps with its pyramide shaped top which is visible from far away. The name Ojstrica derives from slovene word ostro - sharp in slovenian language. There is 600m deep wall on northern side to the bottom of Logarska Dolina. The eastern side also has a deep wall. There are several climbing routes available.
 The Boișoara River is a tributary of the Boia River in Romania.
 The Comprido River (São Paulo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Mălăroiu River or Murătoiu River or Boju River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 The On River is a tributary of the Coltităt River in Romania.
 Octoraro Creek is a 22.1-mile-long (35.6 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River joining it 9 miles (14 km) above the Susquehanna's mouth at Chesapeake Bay. The Octoraro rises as an East and West Branch in Pennsylvania. The East Branch and Octoraro Creek form the southern half of the border between Lancaster and Chester counties until the creek crosses the Mason-Dixon line. It winds through northwestern Cecil County Maryland before joining the Susquehanna.
 The Itacambiruçu River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Succor Creek is a 69.4-mile-long (111.7 km) tributary of the Snake River in the U.S. states of Idaho and Oregon. The creek begins in the Owyhee Mountains in Owyhee County Idaho. After flowing for about 23 miles (37 km) in Idaho Succor Creek enters Malheur County Oregon where it flows for 39 miles (63 km) before re-entering Idaho for its final 5 miles (8.0 km).
 The Rigi Dossen (1685 m) is a mountain of the Rigi massif located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Lucerne and Schwyz. The mountain overlooks Lake Lucerne near Vitznau. It is the highest point of the massif in the canton of Lucerne.
 Watnong Mountain is a mountain in Morris County New Jersey. The major peak rises to 965 feet (294 m). It is located in Parsippany-Troy Hills Township and overlooks Morris Plains to the east. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Reading Prong.Watnong Mountain is not to be confused with the Watchung Mountains a range of volcanic origin lying to the east.
 Jamno [ˈjamnɔ] is a lake in northern Poland (in West Pomeranian Voivodeship) close to the Baltic Sea. It is divided from the sea by a spit on which lie the resorts of Mielno and Unieście.Jamno covers an area of over 22 square kilometres (8.5 sq mi); its maximum length is 10.1 kilometres (6.3 mi) and its maximum breadth is 3.4 kilometres (2.1 mi). Its greatest depth is 3.9 metres (13 ft). The lake is popularly used for sailing.
 The Little River is a 44.7-mile-long (71.9 km) river in Louisa and Hanover counties in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is a tributary of the North Anna River and via the North Anna Pamunkey and York rivers is part of the Chesapeake Bay watershed.
 Mount Pico (Portuguese: Montanha do Pico) is a stratovolcano and the highest point on the Portuguese island of Pico in the Azores. Furthermore reaching an altitude of 2351 metres (7713 ft) above sea level. It is more than twice the elevation of any other peak in the Azores and is also the tallest mountain in Portugal.
 The Juína-Miriam River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Gibson Bay is an arm of the Foxe Basin in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut Canada. It is located on the northern coast of Foxe Peninsula in western Baffin Island. The closest community is Cape Dorset situated 123 km (76 mi) to the south while Nuwata a former settlement is situated to the west. It is fed by the Kommanik River whose headwaters are at Kavivan Lake 5 mi (8.0 km) to the southeast. Within the bay there is a small island chain.
 Monte Grabiasca is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Inks Lake is a reservoir on the Colorado River in the Texas Hill Country in the United States. The reservoir was formed in 1938 by the construction of Inks Dam by the Lower Colorado River Authority. Located near Burnet Texas the lake serves to provide flood control in tandem with Lake Buchanan and features the smallest hydroelectric power plant on the Highland Lakes chain. Inks Lake was named for Roy B.
 The Itauninha River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Lake Lenthall was named after the pioneering family in the district the waters created by the dam are called Lake Lenthall. It was constructed in 1984 on the head waters of the Burrum River which also includes the Isis River Cherwell River & Gregory Rivers in its 935 square kilometre catchment.
 Bear Garden Mountain is a forested mountain ridge of the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians in Hampshire County West Virginia and Frederick County Virginia.
 Saltonstall Mountain also known as Saltonstall Ridge with a high point of (est.) 320 feet (98 m) above sea level is a traprock mountain ridge located 3 miles (5 km) east of New Haven Connecticut and 1.75 miles (2.8 km) north of Long Island Sound. It is part of the Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border.
 Monte Scanapà is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Valea Botei Mari River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
 Yukshin Gardan Sar is a high peak of the Hispar Muztagh a subrange of the Karakoram range in Pakistan. Its height is also often given as 7469 m (24505 ft) or 7641 m (25069 ft). It lies about 15 km (9 mi) northeast of Khunyang Chhish and 5 km (3 mi) northwest of Kanjut Sar.
 Mitre is the highest mountain of the Tararua Range situated in the lower North Island of New Zealand. It has a total height of 1571 metres (5154 ft).The mountain was named after its double peak that resembles a bishop's mitre.
 The Sandy and Beaver Canal ran 73 miles (117 km) from the Ohio and Erie Canal at Bolivar Ohio to the Ohio River at Glasgow Pennsylvania. It had 90 locks was chartered in 1828 and completed in 1848. However the middle section of the canal had many problems from the beginning and fell into disrepair. The canal ceased to operate in 1852 when the Cold Run Reservoir Dam outside of Lisbon Ohio broke ruining a large portion of the canal.Major D.B.
 The Aratu River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Tipiqucha (Quechua tipi Pennisetum clandestinum (a grass species) tipiy to husk maize to snap to break qucha lake hispanicized spelling Tipicocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Apurimac Region Grau Province Chuquibambilla District. It lies west of the lake Pachachaka (Pachachaca).
 The Seekogel is a mountain in the Kaunergrat group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Tow Hill is a large isolated volcanic plug located 21 km (13 mi) east of Masset on the north end of the Naikoon Peninsula of northeast Graham Island in Haida Gwaii British Columbia Canada east of McIntyre Bay and near the mouth of the Hiellen River which is the site of Hiellen a now-abandoned Haida village and of the Hiellen Indian Reserve No. 2 on the site of that village.
 The Diceaiul River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
 Bellandur Lake (or Bellandur Kere KN: ಬೆಳ್ಳಂದೂರು ಕೆರೆ/ಕೊಳ/ಹಳ್ಳ) is a lake which lies to the southeast of the city of Bangalore and is the largest lake in the city. It is a part of Bellandur drainage system that drains the southern and the southeastern parts of the city. The lake is a receptor from three chains of lakes upstream and has a catchment area of about 148 square kilometres (37000 acres).
 The Râul Pietros is a tributary of the Sacovăț River in Romania.
 Copper Mountain (7142 feet (2177 m)) is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. Located in the northern section of the park Copper Mountain is to the east of Silesia Creek and 10 miles (16 km) northeast of Mount Shuksan.
 Tristolzer Berg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Plane is a river in Brandenburg Germany left tributary of the Havel. Its total length is 57 km. The Plane originates in the High Fläming Nature Park near Rabenstein. It flows north through Planetal and Golzow. The Plane joins the Havel in the Breitlingsee lake west of Brandenburg an der Havel.
 Franklin D. Roosevelt Lake (also called Lake Roosevelt) is the reservoir created in 1941 by the impoundment of the Columbia River by the Grand Coulee Dam in Washington state. It is named for Franklin D. Roosevelt who was President during the construction of the dam.
 Reiner is a lunar impact crater on the Oceanus Procellarum in the western part of the Moon. It has a nearly circular rim but appears oval in shape due to foreshortening. The rim edge is well-defined and has not been eroded by impacts. In the midpoint of the irregular crater floor is a central peak.
 The Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal is a navigable narrow canal in Staffordshire and Worcestershire in the English Midlands. It is 46 miles (74 km) long linking the River Severn at Stourport in Worcestershire with the Trent and Mersey Canal at Haywood Junction by Great Haywood.
 The Harțag River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 The Ural Mountains (Russian: Ура́льские го́ры tr. Uralskiye gory IPA: [ʊˈralʲskʲɪjə ˈgorɨ]; Bashkir: Урал тауҙары) or simply the Urals are a mountain range that runs approximately from north to south through western Russia from the coast of the Arctic Ocean to the Ural River and northwestern Kazakhstan. Their eastern side is usually considered the natural boundary between Europe and Asia.
 Mamoriá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Mynydd Mallaen is an expansive hill to the northwest of Cilycwm in northeast Carmarthenshire Wales. It takes the form of an undulating plateau with steep slopes dropping away to the Towy valley to the east and those of the Gwenffrwd Nant Melyn and Afon Cothi to the north and west. Its highest point of 462m at OS grid reference SN 723455 is surmounted by two Bronze Age cairns known as Crugiau Merched (which translates from Welsh as ladies barrows).
 Mount Macdonald is a mountain peak located in the Selkirk mountains of British Columbia Canada immediately to the east of Rogers Pass in Glacier National Park. It is notable as the location of the Canadian Pacific Railway's Connaught and Mount Macdonald Tunnels. At 14.7 km the Mount Macdonald tunnel is the longest railway tunnel in the western hemisphere. The original name of the peak was Mount Carroll but was renamed to honour the first Prime Minister of Canada Sir John A. Macdonald.
 Don Pedro Reservoir is an artificial lake formed by the construction of the New Don Pedro Dam across the Tuolumne River in the Stanislaus National Forest of Tuolumne County California in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada. Communities located nearby are Moccasin and La Grange.Also referenced as Don Pedro Lake when the name is qualified the first projects in 1923 are generally referred to as the Old Don Pedro Dam and reservoir and the 1971 upgrades are the New Don Pedro Dam and reservoir.
 The Lake of the Hirsel or Hirsel Lake is an artificial body of water near Coldstream in Berwickshire in Scotland. It is set in the grounds of The Hirsel home of the Home family and of the Alec Douglas-Home British Prime Minister.It covers around 27 acres (110000 m2).
 The Pârâul Borvizului is a headwater of the Iarăş River in Romania.
 Mount Penkenūshi (ペンケヌーシ岳 Penkenūshi-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. It is the source of the Penkenūshi River (ペンケヌーシ川 Penkenūshi-gawa).
 Watts is a small lunar crater that is located at the extreme northern edge of the Mare Fecunditatis. Just one crater diameter to the northwest is the irregular da Vinci. Farther to the south is the larger crater Taruntius.The rim of this crater is broken in the south and the interior is flooded with lava. The terrain about the crater has also been resurfaced by past lava flows leaving on a low rim raised about the nearly level surroundings.
 Walton Mountain (8926 feet (2721 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Two unnamed hanging glaciers are located to the east and northeast of the summit. Mount Jackson is 1.8 miles (2.9 km) to the NNE.
 The Quail Mountains are located southwest of Death Valley National Park in eastern California USA. The range lies to the north of the Granite Mountains and south of the Owlshead Mountains and reaches an elevation of 1555 meters above sea level.The mountains lie along the border of Death Valley National Park and the Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake which is a restricted area. The Slate Range is to the northwest.
 The Liubotina River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Proclus is a young lunar impact crater located to the west of the Mare Crisium on the east shore of the Palus Somni. It lies to the south of the prominent terraced crater Macrobius and west-northwest of the lava-flooded Yerkes. Between Proclus and Yerkes on the edge of the mare are the Promontories named Olivium and Lavinium.The rim of Proclus is distinctly polygonal in shape having the shape of a pentagon and does not rise very far above the surrounding terrain.
 Svärtaån is a river in Sweden.
 The Amajac River is a river of Mexico. Upstream it receives the Tula River (and thus drains the Valley of Mexico containing Mexico City) and joins the Moctezuma River at Tamazunchale.
 The Surutú River is a river in the Santa Cruz Department in Bolivia.
 von Behring is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the eastern part of the Moon. It lies within two crater diameters north-northeast of the larger Kapteyn and is to the northwest of La Pérouse. This crater is circular and symmetrical with an outer rim that is only lightly eroded. There is a small central peak at the midpoint of the interior floor.
 Rocky Butte is an extinct volcanic cinder cone butte in Portland Oregon United States. It is one of four along with Kelly Butte Powell Butte and Mount Tabor inside the city that are each home to a city park Rocky Butte playing host to Joseph Wood Hill Park. A rotating beacon at the summit of the butte is visible for miles. It is also part of the Boring Lava Field a group of over 30 cinder cones in Oregon and Washington.
 Kelly Lake (Annapolis ) is a lake of Annapolis County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lac Miroir is a lake in Hautes-Alpes France.
 The Oșoiu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Moel Siabod is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales which sits isolated above the villages of Betws-y-Coed and Capel Curig. At 872m it is the highest peak in the Moelwynion mountain range. The UK National Mountain Centre Plas-y-Brenin is located at the foot of Moel Siabod. From the top of the mountain it is reputedly possible to see 13 of the 14 highest peaks in Wales on a clear day without turning one's head. The words Moel Siabod translate from Welsh as shapely hill.[citation needed]
 Rutajärvi is a lake in Finland. It is situated in the municipality of Urjala in the region of Pirkanmaa and it is a part of Kokemäenjoki basin. The lake is a part of a chain of lakes and rivers that consists of the lakes Nuutajärvi Rutajärvi and Kortejärvi in Urjala and Tarpianjoki River in Kalvola (now part of Hämeenlinna) Urjala Kylmäkoski and Viiala (now part of Akaa). In Kylmäkoski Tarpianjoki runs through lake Jalanti and finally mouths into the Lake Vanajavesi in Viiala.
 Mount Hurd is a Canadian mountain in the Ottertail Range of the Rocky Mountains in British Columbia. It was named after Major Marshall Farnam Hurd (1823-1903) a Canadian Pacific Railway engineer and explorer. It was featured on a 1928 Canada Post 10¢ stamp based on a painting by Frederic Marlett Bell-Smith.
 Barigan Creek a watercourse of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Ralja (Serbian Cyrillic: Раља) is a river in Šumadija region of Serbia a 51 km-long left tributary to the Jezava the left arm of the Velika Morava river. It also gives its name to the surrounding Šumadija's subregion of Ralja.The Ralja originates from the northern part of the Kosmaj mountain north of the village of Velika Ivanča in the Sopot municipality of the City of Belgrade. Almost from the source the river valley is a route for the Belgrade-Niš railway.
 Dutch Bill Creek is a 6.5-mile-long (10.5 km) north-flowing stream in the hills of western Sonoma County California which empties into the Russian River at Monte Rio about 7 miles (11 km) from the Pacific Ocean.
 The Saracuruna River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Middle Teton Glacier is on the northeast flank of Middle Teton in Grand Teton National Park Wyoming. The alpine glacier is a popular mountaineering route for ice climbing and for access to the summit of Middle Teton and other peaks to the south. The glacier is at the west end of Garnet Canyon which is the most popular route used by climbers ascending Grand Teton. The glacier melt feeds streams below including Spalding Falls an 80 ft (24 m) high cascade.
 Storm Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1884 by George Mercer Dawson.
 The Ronuro River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Oder (Czech and Polish: Odra) is a river in Central Europe. It rises in the Czech Republic and flows (generally north- and northwest-ward) through western Poland later forming 187 kilometres (116 mi) of the border between Poland and Germany part of the Oder-Neisse line. The river ultimately flows into the Szczecin Lagoon north of Szczecin and then into three branches (the Dziwna Świna and Peene) that empty into the Gulf of Pomerania of the Baltic Sea.
 The Acauã River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Ghergheasa River is a tributary of Lake Amara (Buzău River) in Romania.
 Rio Verde (Portuguese for green river) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Virginia Water Lake lies on the southern edge of Windsor Great Park in the borough of Runnymede in Surrey and the civil parishes of Old Windsor and Sunningdale and Ascot in Berkshire in England. It is a man-made lake taking its name from a natural body of water of the same name. There is a village of Virginia Water which stretches out to the east of the lake.
 Arenig Fawr South Top is the twin top of Arenig Fawr in southern Snowdonia North Wales. It is the second highest member of the Arenig range being 18 m less than its twin. From here the south ridge continues into an area of rocky knolls and small tarns where Arenig Fawr South Ridge Top can be found.
 Alameda Creek originally Arroyo de la Alameda is a large perennial stream in the San Francisco Bay Area. The creek runs for 45 miles (72 km) from a lake northeast of Packard Ridge to the eastern shore of San Francisco Bay by way of Niles Canyon and a flood control channel.
 The Strata Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains located between the Bell-Irving River and Taylor River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Auerbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Bohotin River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 The Charente (Occitan: Charanta) is a 381 km long river in southwestern France. Its source is in the Haute-Vienne département at Chéronnac a small village near Rochechouart. It flows through the departments of Haute-Vienne Charente Vienne and Charente-Maritime. The river flows into the Atlantic Ocean near Rochefort.
 The Wadi al-Kheder is a tributary of the Balikh River in Syria.
 Mont Dolent (3820 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif that lies on the border of Italy and Switzerland and close to the border with France.It is generally considered the tripoint between Italy Switzerland and France although the point itself lies at 3749 metres north-west of the summit of Mont Dolent.The first ascent of the mountain was made on 9 July 1864 by A. Reilly and Edward Whymper with guides Michel Croz H. Charlet and M. Payot.
 Planchón-Peteroa is a complex volcano extending in a north-south direction along the border between Argentina and Chile. It consists of volcanoes of various ages with several overlapping calderas. Those include Volcán Planchón Volcán Peteroa and Volcán Azufre. A partial collapse of the complex about 11500 years ago produced a major debris avalanche which followed the course of the Teno River until reaching the Chile Central Valley.Peteroa has a crater lake.
 The Sand River is a 9.2-mile-long (14.8 km) tributary of Lake Superior on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. For most of its course it flows through Escanaba River State Forest in the northeastern corner of Marquette County then enters the northwestern corner of Alger County just before flowing into Lake Superior at the village of Sand River.
 Mount Nancy formerly Mount Amorisgelu is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire on the eastern boundary of the Pemigewasset Wilderness of the White Mountains. The mountain is the highest point and namesake of the Nancy Range. Mt. Nancy is flanked to the northeast by Mount Bemis to the southwest by Mount Anderson and to the southeast by Duck Pond Mountain. Although Mount Nancy is officially trailless a visible path climbs to the summit from Norcross Pond.
 Moppy River a perennial river of the Manning River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter district of New South Wales Australia.
 Lake Fork Reservoir is one of the premier trophy bass fishing lakes in the world and serves as a reservoir for Dallas and its suburbs.It holds 15 of the top 20 Texas State Record Largemouth Bass. It was impounded by the Lake Fork Dam in 1980 and reached is normal pool surface elevation of 403.0 feet (123 m) above mean sea level in 1985. It consists of 27690 acres (112 km²) situated in Wood and Rains County in Northeast Texas between the towns of Quitman Alba Emory and Yantis Texas.
 Krampsbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Muddywater River is an early tributary of the Smoky River. It forms in the Canadian Rockies within Willmore Wilderness Park in the province of Alberta north of Jasper National Park. The Muddywater forms at Morkill Pass on the Continental Divide between Alberta and British Columbia. It flows north and west collecting runoff from Mount Forgent Mount Sprague and Llama Mountain before flowing into the Smoky River above Grande Cache Alberta. The river's name is descriptive.
 Kosmaj (Serbian Cyrillic: Космај pronounced [kɔ̌smaːj]) is a mountain south of Belgrade the capital of Serbia. With an elevation of 626 meters it is the highest point of the entire Belgrade City area and is nicknamed one of two Belgrade mountains (the other being the mountain of Avala).
 Stone Arthur is a fell in the English Lake District an outlier of the Fairfield group in the Eastern Fells. It stands above Grasmere village.
 Kastjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Glotter is a river of in the Breisgau region in the south of Baden-Württemberg Germany which is approximately 30 km long. The spring of this river is located at an altitude of 1040 m amsl on the eastern slope of the Kandel near Neuwelt a suburb of St. Peter in the Black Forest. It crosses the Glotter dale (in German: Glottertal which is also the name of a village). In Nimburg a suburb of Teningen it discharges into the Dreisam.
 The Curpătul Mare River is a headwater of the Curpătu River in Romania.
 Indian Creek is a 66-mile (106 km) long tributary of the Boise River in the U.S. state of Idaho. Beginning at an elevation of 5047 feet (1538 m) south of Arrowrock Reservoir in western Elmore County it flows west into Ada County and through the town of Kuna. It then flows northwest into Canyon County through Nampa and finally to its mouth in Caldwell at an elevation of 2349 feet (716.0 m). Indian Creek has a 295-square-mile (764 km2) watershed.
 Queen Mary's Peak is the summit of the island of Tristan da Cunha in the South Atlantic Ocean. It has an elevation of 2062 metres (6765 ft) above sea level. It is named after Mary of Teck the Queen consort of King George V. It is the highest point of the British overseas territory of Saint Helena Ascension and Tristan da Cunha.The mountain is the peak of the massive shield volcano which forms the island.
 The Richeiu River is a tributary of the Urlăţelu River in Romania.
 Huntington Lake is a reservoir in Fresno County California on Big Creek located in the Sierra Nevada at an elevation of 2120 meters (6955 ft). Several smaller streams also flow into the lake and it receives additional water from the underground tunnels of Southern California Edison's Big Creek hydroelectric project. Water from the lake flows into Big Creek but some is diverted by underground tunnels to the Eastwood Powerhouse which discharges into Shaver Lake.
 The Ursa River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Schmittenhöhe is a mountain 1965 m AA high on the eastern edge of the Kitzbühel Alps. It is the local mountain of the district capital of Zell am See from where a cable car was built in 1927 by Adolf Bleichert & Co. that runs to the summit. The cable car system has been renovated several times since.
 Mungrisdale Common pronounced mun-grize-dl with emphasis on grize is a fell in the English Lake District. Although Alfred Wainwright listed it as one of the 214 featured hills in his influential Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells it was his least favourite. He commented that it has no more pretension to elegance than a pudding that has been sat on.
 The Crocodile River (Afrikaans: Krokodilrivier) is a river in South Africa. After its confluence with the Marico River both rivers form the Limpopo River.
 The Elochoman River is a tributary of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. It is about 15 miles (24 km) long.The river's name comes from the name of a Cathlamet (Chinookan) village.
 Slieve Foy or Slieve Foye (Irish: Sliabh Feá) is the highest peak of a ridge of mountains collectively referred to as Carlingford Mountain which rises near the town of Carlingford County Louth Ireland. Slieve Foy rises to an altitude of 588 metres and is the highest peak in County Louth.
 Wood Lake is a lake in a chain of five major lakes which occupies portions of the Okanagan Valley in the interior of British Columbia Canada. The lakes of the Okanagan Valley were formed by about 8900 BP.Wood Lake is immediately south of Kalamalka Lake and is connected to it by a dredged channel (the Oyama canal). Situated between Oyama and Winfield it has a solid reputation for rainbow trout fishing.
 The Valea Leucii River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Breiter Luzin is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 84.3 m its surface area is 3.45 km². It is home to an endemic dwarfed whitefish Coregonus lucinensis.
 Daisen (大山 Daisen) is a volcanic mountain located in Tottori Prefecture Japan. It has an elevation of 1729 metres. This mountain is the highest in the Chūgoku region and the most important volcano on the Daisen volcanic belt. The Daisen volcanic belt is a part of Southwest Honshu volcanic arc where the Philippine Sea Plate is subducting under the Amurian Plate.
 The Sixaola River (Spanish: Río Sixaola) is a river in southern Limón Province Costa Rica. It flows from the Cordillera Talamanca to the Caribbean Sea northeast of Sixaola at 9°34′20″N 82°33′54″W. The river's headwaters are part of the La Amistad International Park. For part of its length the river forms the border between Limón Province Costa Rica and Bocas del Toro Province Panama. An old railroad bridge spans the river between Guabito Panama and Sixaola Costa Rica.
 The North Fork Trinity River is a tributary of the Trinity River in the U.S. state of California. It flows south through the Klamath Mountains for about 25 miles (40 km) emptying into the Trinity at Helena about 5 miles (8.0 km) northeast of Junction City. The river drains an area of 151 square miles (390 km2). Important tributaries include the East Fork North Fork Trinity River and Grizzly Creek.
 The Chambly Canal is a National Historic Site of Canada in the Province of Quebec running along the Richelieu River past Saint-Jean-sur-Richelieu Carignan and Chambly. Building commenced in 1831 and the canal opened in 1843. It served as a major commercial route during a time of heightened trade between the United States and Canada.
 Obongsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 644 metres.
 The Calul River is a tributary of the Priboiașa River in Romania.
 The Flattops el. 3835 feet (1169 m) is a small set of hills northeast of Hammond in Carter County Montana United States.
 Manguaba River is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Jacuipe River.
 The Valea Pâraielor River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 The Água Boa do Univini River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 The Alambari River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Indigirka River (Russian: Индиги́рка; Sakha: Индигиир) is a river in the Sakha Republic in Russia between the Yana River and the Kolyma River. It is 1726 kilometres (1072 mi) in length. The area of its basin is 360000 km². The river flows into the Kolyma Bay East Siberian Sea. It freezes up in October and stays under the ice until May–June.
 The Potârnichea River is a tributary of the Vameș River in Romania.
 Sheshnag Lake (Sanskrit: शेषनाग झील) is an alpine high altitude oligotrophic lake situated at the track leading to Amarnath cave 23 kilometers from Pahalgam in Anantnag district of Kashmir valley in the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir at an elevation of 3590 meters. It has a maximum length of 1.1 kilometers and maximum width of 0.7 kilometers.
 The Tuscarawas River is a principal tributary of the Muskingum River 129.9 miles (209 km) long in northeastern Ohio in the United States.
 Taylor-Massey Creek is a tributary of the Don River in Toronto Ontario. It flows through Scarborough and East York where it enters the Don River. The creek is named after two prominent Toronto families. The Taylors were a wealthy family that owned and operated the Don Valley Brick Works. The Massey family were the owners of the Canadian farm equipment manufacturing company Massey-Ferguson. Both families owned sizable estates in the vicinity of the creek.
 Lake Link is a circular natural freshwater lake on the east side of Winter Haven Florida. It has a 26.17-acre (105900 m2) surface area and is surrounded on all but the southwest sides by residences. A 50 feet (15 m) canal connects it there to Lake Otis a much larger lake. On the southwest Lakewood Causeway separates Lake Otis and Lake Link.
 Mount Edwards is a mountain in South East Queensland Australia. The mountain rises 634 m above sea level and is part of the Moogerah Peaks National Park. It lies approximately 100 km south west of Brisbane approximately 17km(10.5mi) from the town of Boonah. The mountain is the closest of the Moogerah Peaks to the Cunningham Highway and is 9 km south of Aratula.
 Avalanche Spire is a mountain in the Alaska Range found directly south of Denali. It is very technical due to its steep slopes.
 Veinungga River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Talbot River is a river in the Great Lakes Basin in Central Ontario Canada which flows from Mitchell Lake to Lake Simcoe and forms the border between Simcoe County (Ramara township) to the north and the Regional Municipality of Durham (Brock township) to the south from the river mouth to the edge of their border with the city of Kawartha Lakes at the east.The lower section of the river is now part of the Trent-Severn Waterway although a new more direct channel was cut at the end of the 19th century bypassing the original mouth of the river. 
 The Têt (Catalan: Tet) is the largest river in Roussillon southwestern France. It is 116 km long. The Têt has its source at the foot of the Pic Carlit in the Pyrenees. It crosses the Pyrénées-Orientales département (Northern Catalonia) from West to East and ends in the Mediterranean Sea near Perpignan (Catalan: Perpinyà).
 Lac de Vonnes is an artificial lake at Châtel in Haute-Savoie France.
 The Făgețel River is a tributary of the Coșna River in Romania.
 Spilauersee is a lake in the Canton of Uri Switzerland below Rossstock. The lake can be reached by foot in half an hour from the Chäppeliberg–Lidernen aerial tramway.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Leona River is a river in Texas. It runs through the counties of Uvalde Zavala and Frio. Archeological discoveries related to indigenous peoples have been made in areas where the river has drained.
 Piz Rosatsch is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps overlooking St. Moritz in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the main Inn valley and the Val Roseg north of Piz Corvatsch.
 The Baia River or Valea Băilor River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania. The upper reach of the river upstream of the junction with the Izvorul Roşu River is also known as Izvorul Băilor River
 The Chiquito (Yauco Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Loch Cluanie (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Cluanaidh) is a loch in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland at the south-east end of Glen Shiel. It is a reservoir contained behind the Cluanie Dam constructed by Mitchell Construction and completed in 1957 as part of the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board's Glenmoriston project to generate hydroelectricity.
 Pass of Roncesvalles or Roncesvalles Pass (also Ronceval or Roncevaux) (Spanish: Puerto de Ibañeta; Basque: Ibañetako Mendatea; French: Col de Roncevaux; elevation 1057 m) is a high mountain pass in the Pyrenees near the border between France and Spain. The pass itself is entirely in Spain.
 The Apiaú River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Mount Hyōno (氷ノ山 Hyō-no-sen) is a mountain on the border of Yabu Hyōgo Prefecture and Wakasa Tottori Prefecture in Japan. It is the highest mountain in Hyōgo Prefecture. This mountain is one of the 200 famous mountains in Japan. Other names of this mountain are Suga-no-sen Hyō-zan Hyō-no-yama Kōri-no-yama.
 Jach'a Jawira (Aymara jach'a big great jawira river great river hispanicized spelling Jachcha Jahuira) is a Bolivian river north of Coipasa Lake in the Oruro Department. Coming from the Waylla Marka range north west of Poopó Lake the river flows in a south western direction along the village Belén de Choquecota in the Nor Carangas Province towards the Carangas Province. In the Choquecota Municipality south west of Choquecota it empties into the Barras River which ends in Coipasa Lake.
 The Maloti Mountains also spelled Maluti (Afrikaans: Malutiberge) are a mountain range of the highlands of the Kingdom of Lesotho. They extend for about 100 km into the Free State. The Maloti Range is part of the Drakensberg system that includes ranges across large areas of South Africa.
 FitzGerald is a large lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the west-southwest of the crater Cockcroft and about two crater diameters to the northeast of Morse.This is an impact crater with features that have become softened and eroded by subsequent impacts in the vicinity. The younger satellite crater FitzGerald W is attached to the exterior along the northwest.
 The Grosser Mythen is a mountain in the Schwyzer Voralpen located near Schwyz in Central Switzerland. It is accessible from Holzegg by a hiking trail which is opened during the summer months only.Geologically the Mythen is a penninic Klippe.
 Ilm (Saale) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Poiana River is a tributary of the Telcișor River in Romania.
 Foster Reservoir is a reservoir created by Foster Dam on the South Santiam River near the city of Sweet Home Oregon United States. The reservoir is approximately 5.6 km (3.5 mi) long and contains approximately 494 ha (1200 ac) when full. Primary use of the reservoir is recreation in the summer and flood control in the winter and spring.
 Jabal Mimduk is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Stellihorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking the lake of Mattmark in the canton of Valais. It lies south of Saas-Almagell in the upper valley of Saas. The north side is covered by a glacier named Nollen Gletscher.
 The Wynoochee River is a 60-mile (97 km) long river located in the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington. A tributary of the Chehalis River the Wynoochee River rises in the Olympic Mountains within the Olympic National Park and flows generally south. Its drainage basin is 218 square miles (560 km2) in area. The name Wynoochee comes from the Lower Chehalis placename /xʷənúɬč/ meaning shifting.
 The Mociur River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 The Valea Danului River is a tributary of the Uria River in Romania.
 The Shule River flows generally westwards through the Tibetan Plateau and the desert regions of northwestern China. It starts in the Qilian Mountains and stretches for some 900 kilometres (560 mi); however the river dries up about two-thirds of the way along its course and is lost in the Kumtag Desert an endorheic basin meaning its water never reaches the sea. Historically the river reached farther west to Lop Nur an intermittent salt lake in the Taklimakan Desert.
 The Iguamo River (or Higuamo River) is a river of the Dominican Republic.
 Wansfell is a fell in English Lake District it is situated 2.5 kilometres east of the town of Ambleside. The fell is part of the long southern ridge of Caudale Moor and occupies the swathe of territory between Ambleside and the Troutbeck valley.
 The Lajeado River (Tocantins) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Lower Tamarack River is a 39.0-mile-long (62.8 km) river in Pine County near the eastern border of Minnesota in the United States. It is a tributary of the St. Croix River which flows southwards to the Mississippi River.
 The Bungsberg is the highest point in the north German state of Schleswig-Holstein (elevation: 168 metres (551 ft)). It lies in the region known as Holstein Switzerland in the municipality of Schönwalde am Bungsberg between Scheelholz and Mönchsneversdorf.The Bungsberg telecommunications tower is located on the Bungsberg.One of the longest rivers in Schleswig-Holstein the Schwentine rises on the Bungsberg.
 The Corni di Canzo (en: Canzo's Horns) (also known as Còrni o Curunghèj o Culunghèj in Canzès) are a group of mountains located in the Triangolo lariano (larian triangle) to the south of Lake Como. Administratively they belong to the province of Como.
 Sherpa Glacier is .50 mi (0.80 km) east of Mount Stuart and north of Sherpa Peak in the U.S. state of Washington. Sherpa Glacier is within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness of Wenatchee National Forest. The glacier is approximately .20 mi (0.32 km) in length .15 mi (0.24 km) in width at its widest and descends from 7600 to 6600 ft (2300 to 2000 m) where it terminates as an icefall. Less than .50 mi (0.80 km) to the northwest lies Stuart Glacier.
 The Buena Vista Hills are a mountain range in Kern County California.
 Summit Lake is a lake in Rainy River District Ontario Canada. It is about 790 metres (2592 ft) long and 360 metres (1181 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 380 metres (1247 ft) about 18 kilometres (11 mi) southeast of the community of Nestor Falls. The lake is in the Nelson River system in the Hudson Bay drainage basin.
 The River Ely (Welsh: Afon Elai) is a river in South Wales flowing generally south east from Tonyrefail to the capital city of Cardiff.
 Monte Sissone (3330 m) is a mountain in the Bregaglia Range of the Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. Its summit is the tripoint between the Val Bregaglia (in Graubünden) Val Masino and Val Malenco (both in Lombardy)On its northern side the mountain overlooks the Forno Glacier.
 Stark is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southeast of the prominent crater Tsiolkovskiy and north of Subbotin.This is a heavily eroded crater with a jumbled outer rim and uneven interior. The pair of slightly smaller satellite craters Stark Y and Stark V are attached to the northwest and western exterior respectively creating a triple-crater formation.
 Lübbesee is a lake in Brandenburg Germany located in the town of Templin. Its surface area is 3 km².
 The Bull Mountains el. 3845 feet (1172 m) are a mountain range located in Yellowstone County and Musselshell County in the U.S. state of Montana lying northeast of Billings and south of Roundup.
 Grand Étang (large pond in English) is a lake the largest lake on the island of Réunion a French territory in the western Indian Ocean. It lies in the commune of Saint-Benoît close to La Plaine-des-Palmistes in the eastern part of the island. Its inflow is a short creek from the waterfall Cascade Biberon of the Bras d'Annette creek. It does not have an outflow.
 Fusi Mountain (Chinese: 罘罳峰; pinyin: Fú Sī Feng) is located in the southwestern part of Ningxiang County in central Hunan Province. It is a part of Xuefeng Mountains.The highest point of the mountain the Jinfeng Temple measures 410 metres (1345 ft) in height. It is located in the center part of the mountain.
 Gulf Branch is a stream in Arlington County Virginia. From its source southwest of the Gulf Branch Nature Center Gulf Branch flows on a northeastern course and empties into the Potomac River within the Federal parklands of the George Washington Memorial Parkway. Gulf Branch is surrounded predominantly by forests.
 Kaliveli Lake is a coastal lake in the Viluppuram District of Tamil Nadu India. This lake lies approximately 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) north of Pondicherry and 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of Auroville near the Bay of Bengal. Kaliveli lake is a seasonal wetland with a gradient from freshwater to brackish water and is an important feeding and breeding ground on migratory bird flyway.
 The Nizhnyaya Toyma (Russian: Нижняя Тойма) is a river in Verkhnetoyemsky and Vinogradovsky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right bank tributary of the Northern Dvina River. The length of the river is 165 kilometres (103 mi). The area of its basin is 1740 square kilometres (670 sq mi).
 The Petrimanu River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Gaberl Pass (el. 1547 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Styria.A steep road connects Köflach with the upper Mur River valley running next to the Stubalpe. This road dates from Roman times.It is a popular destination for both summer and winter sports.On a clear day the views are wide to the Dachstein in the northwest the Riegersburg in the south and east and into Hungary and Slovenia.
 Thất Sơn also known as Bảy Núi (seven mountains) is a range of small mountains located in the Tri Tôn and Tịnh Biên districts in Vietnam's An Giang Province very close to the Cambodian border.The 710-metre Thiên Cấm Sơn (the Cấm Mountains) is the highest among the mountainous region of Thất Sơn and it is the highest peak in the whole Mekong Delta region. Endowed with such spectacular mountainous terrain Núi Cấm is known as the Đà Lạt of the Mekong Delta.
 The Pleșu River is a tributary of the Priboiașa River in Romania.
 Kiso Mountains (木曽山脈 Kiso Sanmyaku) are a mountain range in Nagano and Gifu prefectures in Japan. They are also called the Central Alps (中央アルプス Chūō Arupusu) and they combine with the Hida Mountains (Northern Alps) and the Akaishi Mountains (Southern Alps) to form a group collectively known as the Japanese Alps.
 Mount Mageik /məˈɡiːk/ is a stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula. It has no confirmed historical eruptions (one in 1946 is now deemed questionable) but its youngest eruptive products are apparently Holocene in age. A young crater lies on the northeast flank of the central summit cone and is the site of vigorous superheated fumarolic activity with prominent sulfur deposits.The volcano is mantled in ash from the 1912 eruption of Novarupta and from the 1953 eruption of nearby Trident Volcano.
 The Camú River (Spanish: Río Camú ) is 141.83 km (88.13 mi) long river located in the northern Dominican Republic. It rises in Cordillera Central flowing first north and then east past the city of Concepción de la Vega before reaching its mouth at the Yuna River near the city of Pimentel at the Duarte and Sánchez Ramírez province line.
 Hisehope Reservoir is the smallest of a group of three reservoirs located on Muggleswick Common County Durham the others being Waskerley and Smiddy Shaw Reservoirs.The reservoir was completed 1906 and is owned and operated by Northumbrian Water.
 Plasteikopf is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps close to the border with Switzerland with a height of 2356 metres (7730 ft).
 Mount Waesche is a large and prominent mountain of volcanic origin standing immediately SW of Mount Sidley and marking the southern end of the Executive Committee Range in Marie Byrd Land Antarctica. The feature is snow covered except for rock exposures on the south and southwestern slopes. The volcano may have been active as late as the Holocene (Lough et al.
 The Middlewich Branch of the Shropshire Union Canal is located in Cheshire in the north west of England and runs between Middlewich where it joins the Trent and Mersey Canal and Barbridge Junction where it joins the main line of the Shropshire Union Canal. It is 10 miles (16 km) long and was planned as part of the Chester Canal which was authorised in 1772 but the company ran out of money and construction did not begin until 1827.
 Tverrvatnet or Tvervatnet [tvær'vatne] is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The European route E12 highway between Mo i Rana and Sweden passes along the northern and eastern shores of the lake. Tverrvatnet gets its name from the fact that it is located across (Norwegian: på tvers) in a north-south direction while most lakes in Rana are located in an east-west direction.
 Greenvale Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch.
 The Arthur River is a river in Fiordland New Zealand. It flows into Milford Sound and the final section of the Milford Track follows the river.
 Orzyc (also Orzycz or Orzyca) is a river in eastern central Poland a right tributary of the Narew with a length of 146 kilometers. It forms the western border of the Puszcza Kurpiowska and flows into the Narew at Kalinowo.Its own tributaries include the Grabowski Rów Baranowska Struga Tamka Bobrynka Ulatówka Bramura and Węgierka.
 The Scituate Reservoir is the largest inland body of water in the state of Rhode Island. It has an aggregate capacity of 39 billion US gallons (150000000 m3) and a surface area of 5.3 square miles (13.7 km²).
 Black Mountain is a ridge in the Diablo Range of southwestern Fresno County California south of Reef Ridge. Its east end begins about 1.25 miles west of Zwang Peak and runs at elevations over 4000 feet with the mid ridge rising to 4345 feet westerly about 3.25 miles to Castle Mountain at an elevation of 4343 feet. It then turns west northwest 2 miles at elevations above 3790 feet with several peaks over 3800 feet and one over 3900 feet along the length of it.
 Terlingua Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Texas. It is a tributary of the Rio Grande.
 Wiraqucha (Quechua wira fat qucha lake wiraqucha or Wiraqucha mister sir gentleman / god / one of the greatest Andean divinities (Wiraqucha) / the eighth emperor of the Tawantinsuyu (Wiraqucha Inka) hispanicized spelling Wiracocha) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 3600 metres (11811 ft) high.
 The Sea of Azov (Russian: Азо́вское мо́ре tr. Azovskoye more IPA: [ɐˈzofskəjə ˈmorʲə]; Ukrainian: Азо́вське мо́ре Azovs'ke more; Crimean Tatar: Azaq deñizi) known in Classical Antiquity as Lake Maeotis (Μαιώτις in Ancient Greek) Meotida in numerous European languages is a sea on the south of Eastern Europe.
 The Middle Branch Union River is a river in Hancock County Maine. From the outflow of Lower Middle Branch Pond (44°51′57″N 68°13′35″W) in Aurora the river runs 13.8 miles (22.2 km) west and south to its confluence with the East Branch of the Union River in Osborn.
 Heath Mynd is a hill in the English county of Shropshire. It is fairly unnotable except for its Marilyn status a feature caused by the sharp drop on all sides. It is connected to Corndon Hill by a low col and is only just inside England being just one mile from the border with Wales. The nearby village is Norbury; nearest towns are Bishop's Castle and Church Stretton. Its nearest neighbour (visible in the photo) is called Cefn Gunthly.
 Monocacy Creek (pronounced muh-naw-cuh-see) is a tributary of the Lehigh River in Northampton County Pennsylvania in the United States.One of only 56 limestone streams in the state of Pennsylvania the creek's headwaters lie in the slate belt near the borough of Chapman.From Chapman the Monocacy follows a 20.3-mile (32.7 km) course through the limestone Lehigh Valley to its confluence with the Lehigh River in the city of Bethlehem.The creek is used by many people in the Lehigh Valley for fishing.Monocacy Creek is not connected to the Monocacy River in Maryland.
 The Valea Joaderului River is a tributary of the Ghimbăşel River in Romania.
 Mission Point also known as Mission Peak by some locals is a spur of Oat Mountain. It is 2771 ft (845 m) high. In Los Angeles County Southern California it is the second highest peak of the Santa Susana Mountains after Oat Mountain.
 The Măriuș River or Măriușa River is a tributary of the Valea Vinului River in Romania.
 The Estuary of Bilbao (Spanish: Ría de Bilbao / Basque: Bilboko Itsasadarra) lies at the common mouth of the rivers Nervion Ibaizabal and Cadagua that drain most of Biscay and part of Alava in the Basque Country Spain. It is a large estuary 16 km (9.9 mi) long that extends from Bilbao to the Bilbao Abra bay a widening that makes the final transition between river and sea.
 The Pârâul Vulpii is a tributary of the Dealu River in Romania.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Douglas County Washington United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 2160 feet (660 m) and covers a 9-acre (3.6 ha) area.
 North Caribou Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Am Basteir (Gaelic Am Baisteir pronounced [əmˈpaʃtʲɛɾʲ]) is a mountain in the northern Cuillin range on the Isle of Skye in Scotland. It is 934 metres (3064 feet) high and classed as a Munro.
 The Cetățuia River is a tributary of the Fișag River in Romania.
 Mount Phillips is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 38 km (24 mi) southeast of Gold River and 12 km (7 mi) southeast of Mount McBride.
 Pulheimer Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Baquiá Preto River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 For other mountains with a similar name see Allegheny Mountain (disambiguation).Allegheny Mountain is a stratigraphic ridge that extends northeast to southwest from south of Blue Knob (Pennsylvania) to a saddle point at the Savage Mountain anticline.
 Rokan-kiri River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Rokan River.
 The San Miguel River is a tributary of the Dolores River approximately 90 mi (145 km) long in southwestern Colorado in the United States. It rises in the San Juan Mountains southeast of Telluride and flows northwest along the southern slope of the Uncompahgre Plateau past the towns of Placerville and Nucla and joins the Dolores in western Montrose County approximately 15 miles (24 km) east of the state line with Utah.
 Mount Lendenfeld the sixth highest peak in New Zealand is located in Aoraki/Mount Cook National Park.This mountain located near Aoraki/Mount Cook is normally climbed from the New Zealand Alpine Club hut on the Fox Glacier. The normal route is a relatively easy ascent in good conditions. The best months to climb this mountain are January February March September October November and December.
 Divergence Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1921 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 Chapais is a crater on Mars named after the community of Chapais Quebec Canada. Chapais Crater is located at 22.6° south latitude and 20.6° west longitude. Its diameter is 37.4 kilometres (23.2 mi).Its name was adopted in 1976 by the International Astronomical Union's Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature (IAU/WGPSN).
 Latnetjávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 3.95-square-kilometre (1.53 sq mi) lake lies on the Kautokeinoelva river about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the village of Masi.
 The Pietriș River is a tributary of the Coșna River in Romania.
 The Fall River is a 24.4-mile-long (39.3 km) tributary of the Pit River in northern California.
 Crazywell Pool or Crazy Well Pool is a large pond situated about 3 km (1.9 mi) south of Princetown just off the path between Burrator and Whiteworks on the western side of Dartmoor Devon England at grid reference SX582705. It is about 100 metres (110 yd) long and has a surface area of about 3500 square metres (0.86 acre).The pool is thought to be the result of excavations by tin miners and is either a flooded mine shaft or a reservoir.
 Les Pléiades (1397 m) are a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking Lake Geneva in the Swiss canton of Vaud. They are located north of Blonay.A railway connects Vevey and Blonay to a secondary summit (1361 m) of Les Pléiades. The railway is operated by the company Transports Montreux–Vevey–Riviera.
 Little Bay de Noc is a bay in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The bay opens into Lake Michigan's Green Bay. The bay consisting of approximately 30000 acres (120 km²) is enclosed by Delta County. The cities of Escanaba and Gladstone are on the west side of the bay. The bay's name comes from the Noquet (or Noc) Native American people (thought to have been related to the Menominee of the Algonquian language group) who once lived along the shores.
 Jabal Thawban is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Pârâul Caprei is a tributary of the Hosu River in Romania.
 The Dolia Frumoasă River is a tributary of the Rudăreasa River in Romania
 Tunica Lake (also called Tunica Cutoff) is an oxbow lake located in Lee County Arkansas and Tunica County Mississippi. The Arkansas-Mississippi border follows the center of the narrow curving lake.
 Goobarragandra River a perennial stream that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Little River is a 2.9-mile-long (4.7 km) river in the town of York Maine that flows directly into the Atlantic Ocean. It is located north of the York River and south of the Cape Neddick River reaching the Atlantic near the south end of York Beach.
 The Haast River has its terminus on the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand. The Haast River drains the western watershed of the Haast Pass. It is 100 kilometres in length and enters the Tasman Sea near Haast township. The river's main tributary is the Landsborough River.The grassy flats on the lower reaches are grazed by cattle by the local farmers.
 Challenger Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the north slopes of Mount Challenger. Challenger Glacier descends from 8000 to 5000 ft (2400 to 1500 m). Over 2 mi (3.2 km) wide Challenger Glacier descends along a wide terminus with heavy crevassing and numerous icefalls with a tongue of the glacier in the north descending to a proglacial lake. The ascent up Challenger Glacier is one of the most common routes to the summit of Mount Challenger.
 The Chassezac (French: le Chassezac) is an 84.6 km (52.6 mi) long river in the Lozère Gard and Ardèche départements southern France right tributary of the Ardèche. Its source is in the commune of Saint-Frézal-d'Albuges 2.8 km (1.7 mi) km northeast of Les Chazeaux main hamlet in the commune. It flows generally southeast and flows into the Ardèche at Saint-Alban-Auriolles 1.8 km (1.1 mi) east of the village itself.
 Klöntalersee is a natural lake in the Canton of Glarus Switzerland. Since 1908 it has been used as a reservoir for electricity production. The dam's construction substantially increased the lake's volume.Klöntalersee is drained by the Löntsch a left tributary of the Linth.
 Newcomb is a lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged Montes Taurus mountain range to the east of the Mare Serenitatis. It lies to the northeast of the prominent crater Römer and north-northwest of Macrobius.This crater has a sharp-edged and somewhat irregular rim that appears polygonal more than circular. There are terraces along the inner sides with some slumping along the northern and western inner edge.
 Lake Fox is a lake in Polk County Florida. It is basically a round lake although it has a few shoreline irregularities. Lake Fox is a natural freshwater lake with an 54.47-acre (220400 m2) surface area. This lake is completely surrounded by residential areas which are mostly singe-family homes. The exception is on Lake Fox's northwest side where it is bordered by Lake Fox Village a mobile-home community.There is no public access to Lake Fox as its shores nowhere border public property.
 Shepard Glacier is a glacier remnant (glacieret) In Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacieret is immediately southeast of Cathedral Peak. Shepard Glacier was one of a number of glaciers that have been documented by the United States Geological Service (USGS) to have retreated significantly in Glacier National Park.
 The Gross Furkahorn is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Uri. It lies north of the Furka Pass and east of the Rhone Glacier.
 Ypacaraí Lake is a major water body located in Paraguay about 25 km east of Asunción. The lake lies in the western part of the Asunción-Sapucai-Villarrica graben a tectonic depression of the Mesozoic age and drains to the northwest through the Salado River into the Paraguay River. The lake is surrounded by three cities: Aregua Ypacarai and San Bernardino the latter two being located on its shores.
 The Katzenbuckel (626 metres) is an extinct volcano and the highest elevation of the Odenwald. The mountain is located eastwards of Eberbach near the village of Waldbrunn.
 Railroad Canyon a valley originally named San Jacinto Canyon also known as Cottonwood Canyon and Annie Orton Canyon encloses the lower course of the San Jacinto River at the point where the river passes south through the Temescal Mountains from a point 6 miles south-southwest of Perris California through Canyon Lake California then west to Lake Elsinore California. The canyon has its present name from the California Southern Railroad that was constructed down the canyon in 1882.
 The Tangipahoa River (/tændʒɨpəˈhoʊ.ə/ tan-ji-pə-HOH-ə) originates northwest of McComb in southwest Mississippi and runs south 122 miles (196 km) through Lake Tangipahoa in Percy Quin State Park before passing into southeast Louisiana. Its mouth opens into the northwest region of Lake Pontchartrain.Alternate/historical names and spellings:
 The Mhlathuze River (Afrikaans: Mhlatuzerivier) is a river in South Africa. Located in KwaZulu-Natal its catchment area has a surface area of 4209 km2. It rises in the west in the Babanango hills at an altitude of 1519 m and flows over 100 km eastwards to the sea forming an estuary. The deep-sea port of Richards Bay is situated at the mouth of the Mhlathuze River and all industrial development is focused within the Empangeni / Richards Bay complex.
 Galdhøpiggen (English: Galdhø Peak) is the highest mountain in Norway Scandinavia and Northern Europe at 2469 m (8100 ft) above sea level. It is located within the municipality of Lom (in Oppland) in the Jotunheimen mountain area.
 The Omanawa River is a river of the Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows north from the northern edge of the Mamaku Plateau reaching the Wairoa River 10 kilometres southwest of Tauranga.
 Am Bodach is a Scottish mountain which lies in the Mamores range four kilometres north of Kinlochleven in the Highland council area.
 Prossa is a lake in central Estonia north of the capital Tartu and close to the border with Russia.
 Glonn is a river of Bavaria Germany. It has a length of 26 kilometres.
 Denny Mountain is summit near Snoqualmie Pass in Washington state. The Alpental ski area is located on the mountain's eastern flank.The mountain is named after Arthur A. Denny of the Denny Party who oversaw the construction of the Snoqualmie Pass Road which later became I-90 and which runs along the mountain's southern base.
 Lago Sfundau is a lake in Ticino Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.129 km².
 Hogback Mountain is part of Catoctin Mountain located southwest of Leesburg in Loudoun County Virginia. The mountain rises immediately to the west of U.S. Route 15 just south of Sycolin Creek and extends 2.5 miles (4.0 km) south to the banks of Goose Creek. It is so named for its appearance when approaching it from the north of resembling a pig on its back. The ridge is mislabeled on older USGS topographic maps as being located to the north between Sycolin Creek and Leesburg.
 Mount Abraham is the fifth tallest peak in the U.S. state of Vermont. The summit supports a small amount of alpine vegetation and offers a view of the Champlain Valley and Adirondack Mountains to the west. Mount Abraham is on the Long Trail a 272-mile (438 km) hiking trail running the length of Vermont. The mountain summit can be reached from the south (Lincoln Gap) or from the north (Lincoln Peak Mount Ellen Monroe Skyline).
 The Valea Roșie River is a tributary of the Corbeasca River in Romania.
 Llynnau Mymbyr are two lakes located in Dyffryn Mymbyr a valley running from the village of Capel Curig to the Pen-y-Gwryd hotel in Snowdonia north-west Wales. The A4086 runs along their northern banks.Strictly speaking this is one lake originally called Llyn Mymbyr with a maximum depth of 30 feet.
 Crawford River a watercourse of the Great Lakes system is located in the Mid North Coast district of New South Wales Australia.
 The Claro River (Laja) is a river of Chile.
 The Syamzhena (Russian: Сямжена) is a river in Sokolsky and Syamzhensky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Kubena River. It is 117 kilometres (73 mi) long and the area of its basin 1930 square kilometres (750 sq mi). Its main tributaries are the Shichenga (right) and the Bolshoy Pungul (right).
 The Bearskin River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Galeşu River in Romania.
 Bandera Mountain is a mountain located near Snoqualmie Pass Washington in the Alpine Lakes Wilderness. It is accessible by the Mason Lake Trail (Ira Springs Memorial Trail) which is located off I-90 at Exit 45 on Forest Road 9031.
 Flughafensee is a lake in Tegel Airport Berlin Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 30.6 ha.
 Baekdeoksan is a mountain that sits between the counties of Yeongwol and Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1350 m (4429 ft).
 {Pizzo Zupò is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 3996 metres.|Pizzo Zupò is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 3996 metres.it:Pizzo Zupò}
 The Păiușu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 The Orman River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Roannay is a river in Belgium. It flows for 11 kilometres through the province of Liège in the northern-central part of the country.
 Woodall Mountain is the highest natural point in the state of Mississippi at 807 feet (246 m). It is located just off Mississippi Highway 25 south of Iuka. The summit is marked with a National Geodetic Survey triangulation station disk and three radio towers.
 Weibersbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Detzelbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Rodó de Canalbona or Pic Rodó de Canalbona is a mountain of Catalonia. Located in the Montcalm Massif Pyrenees at the border between France and Spain it has an altitude of 3004 metres above sea level.Mountaineers use a route that goes over the ridge towards Pica d'Estats.
 The Cârnu River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 The Pecineaga River or Peceneaga River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 The Sărvăzel River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
 The Atakora River is a tributary of Lake Volta in Ghana it flows about 60 km east to the Lake Volta. Its entire course is in south Ghana.
 Lac de Sanetsch (also Lac de Sénin German: Sanetsch See) is a reservoir below Sanetsch Pass in Valais Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.29 km². The Sanetsch dam was built in 1965. The gravity dam has a height of 42 m.
 Brandy Hill is a hill in South Wales between Pendine and Whitland and south-west of St. Clears. At the summit stand a radio transmitter and a trig point.
 Kajumeri is a lake of Estonia.
 Harste is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Haskin is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the northern pole. The crater is located Southwest of the Hevesy crater and the Plaskett crater; the latter of which is located directly adjacent to the large Rozhdestvenskiy crater. The crater was adopted and named after American chemist Larry Haskin by the IAU in 2009.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 The Sulphur Gulch is one of the tributaries of the Cherry Creek and is located in the U.S. states of Colorado. It is part of the Eastern Plains.
 The Valea Ciorii River is a tributary of the Călmăţui River in Romania.
 Lake Vivi (Russian language: О́зеро Виви) is a lake on the Vivi River in the Putorana Plateau Evenkia in Siberia Russia. It is a typical river lake while the length is ca. 86 km the width does not exceed 5 km and the area of the lake is 229 km². It has no permanent settlements along its banks. It is famous as the geographical center of Russia. The spot is marked by a 7-metre monument erected in August 1992. Nearby is an even higher cross dedicated to St. Sergius of Radonezh.
 Mount Brown is a massif in the Canadian Rockies located to the west of the Athabasca Pass. It was first ascended in 1827 by the naturalist David Douglas who then wrote that its height does not seem to be less than 16000 or 17000 feet above the level of the sea. This over-estimation of the altitude was widely accepted at the time leading to the false notion that it was the highest peak in the Rocky Mountains.
 Y Garn is a subsidiary summit of Pen Pumlumon Fawr and the fourth highest peak on the Plynlimon massif a part of the Cambrian Mountains in the county of Ceredigion Wales.The summit is marked by a large shelter cairn hollowed out from an ancient burial cairn. The views include Rhos Fawr Drygarn Fawr Pen y Garn to the south and Aran Fawddwy Glasgwm Tarrenhendre and Tarren y Gesail to the north.
 The Seneca River is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 Seongsusan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1059 metres.
 The Optoceni River is a tributary of the Frasin River in Romania.
 Jach'a Jawira (Aymara jach'a big great jawira river great river hispanicized spelling Jachcha Jahuira) is a Bolivian river east of Poopó Lake in the Potosí Department Rafael Bustillo Province Uncía Municipality.
 Angus Horne Lake is located in Wells Gray Provincial Park in east-central British Columbia Canada. It is an expansion of Angus Horne Creek which rises from an unnamed glacier in the Cariboo Mountains. The outflow also called Angus Horne Creek flows 11.25 km (7.0 mi) to Azure Lake.
 Bachlauf an der Zietenstraße is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Crawford Lake is a lake in the Montreal River and Ottawa River drainage basins in Timiskaming District Ontario Canada. It is about 0.63 kilometres (0.4 mi) long and 0.2 kilometres (0.1 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 348 metres (1142 ft) about 8 kilometres (5 mi) northeast of the community of Gowganda. A short unnamed creek flows in at the north.
 The Mangawhero River is in the North Island of New Zealand.It drains the south-western slopes of Mount Ruapehu passes though Ohakune before discharging into the Whangaehu River to the south-west of Mangamahu.On 8 September 1979 up to 17000 litres of heating oil were spilt into the river from the Turoa ski field.
 The Wilkinson River is a short river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It is a tributary of the Whitcombe River.
 The Kaipo River is a river of New Zealand flowing into Kaipo Bay northern Fiordland.
 Marsh Creek Lake is a man-made lake that resulted from the construction of a dam across Marsh Creek filling a valley that prompted the relocation of residents from Milford Mills Pennsylvania to higher ground. The reasons for creating the lake were ... frequent flooding water shortages and lack of recreational opportunities for nearby population centers....The lake is bordered by Marsh Creek State Park to the east and Lyndell Pennsylvania to the west.
 The French Alps are the portions of the Alps mountain range that stand within France located in the Rhône-Alpes and Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur regions.At 4808 metres (15774 ft) Mont Blanc (Italian: Monte Bianco) on the French-Italian border is the highest mountain in the Alps and the highest Western European mountain.Notable towns in the French Alps include Grenoble Chamonix Annecy Chambéry Évian-les-Bains and Albertville.
 The Märe is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Fribourg and Bern. The Märe lies approximately halfway between Schwarzsee and Oberwil im Simmental.
 Bush Head is a summit in the Coconino County Arizona. It is about 10 miles (16 km) southeast of Buckskin Gulch and located on the Paria Plateau west of the Paria River in the Vermilion Cliffs National Monument.
 The Gowlland Range is a low small mountain range on southern Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located just east of Saanich Inlet and south of Brentwood Bay. It has an area of 58 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Babbage is an ancient lunar crater that is located near the northwest limb of the Moon named after Charles Babbage. It is attached to the southeastern rim of the prominent crater Pythagoras. The crater remnant named South intrudes into the southeastern floor of Babbage.The outer rim of Babbage has been eroded and modified by a multitude of subsequent impacts until all that remains is a ring of rounded hills.
 Koyo Zom is the highest peak in the Hindu Raj mountain range in Pakistan at 6872 metres (22546 ft). The Hindu Raj mountain range lies between the Hindu Kush and the Karakoram ranges.Koyo Zom is located on the boundary of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Gilgit-Baltistan provinces of Pakistan. It was first climbed by an Austrian expedition in 1968.
 The Lions are a pair of pointed peaks (West Lion - 1646 m (5400 ft); East Lion - 1606 m (5269 ft)) along the North Shore Mountains in Metro Vancouver British Columbia Canada. They can be seen from much of the Greater Vancouver area as far as Robert Burnaby Park in East Burnaby south to parts of Surrey and from the west on the Howe Sound Islands and the Sunshine Coast.
 King Sound is a large gulf in northern Western Australia. It expands from the mouth of the Fitzroy River one of Australia's largest watercourses and opens to the Indian Ocean. It is about 120 km long and averages about 50 km in width. The port town of Derby lies near the mouth of the Fitzroy River on the eastern shore of King Sound. King Sound has the highest tides in Australia and amongst the highest in the world reaching a maximum tidal range of 11.8 metres at Derby.
 Alu is a system of volcanic fissures located in Ethiopia. The fissures have produced silicic lava flows and other fissures south of the volcano have been the source of huge youthful basaltic lava flows which enlarge to the north as far as Lake Bakili. There is major fumarolic activity located on parallel faults some with 100-m uplifts.Alu Erta Ale Tat Ali and other Ethiopian Highlands are together known as the Danakil Alps.
 Farrnbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Nimá I River is a river of Guatemala.
 The Caran River or Gura Tomașului River is a tributary of the Iercicu River in Romania.
 The Nüschenstock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located south of Linthal in canton of Glarus. On its eastern side it overlooks the Muttsee.
 Kelso Conservation Area is located near Milton Ontario and is owned and operated by Conservation Halton. This park has an area of 3.97 square kilometres and contains Lake Kelso which was built for flood control of Sixteen Mile Creek and has a sandy beach for swimmers in the summer and is also open to non-motorized watercraft. Glen Eden Ski & Snowboard Centre is located in the park and offers downhill skiing and snowboarding during winter months.
 Plummer Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 007 via trail 458 along Benedict Creek.Plummer Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 Slack Lake is a lake of Colchester County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Rote Nase (German for Red Nose) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located east of the Gornergrat in Valais. The summit is 3251 m (10666 ft) above sea level. It is located to the Southeast of the town of Zermatt and features several ungroomed ski runs leading down the mountain. The summit can be accessed using either a T-bar lift running up from lower down the mountain or a cable car running from Hohtälli.
 South Lake Antigonish is a lake of Antigonish County in the north of Nova Scotia Canada. Its outflow is direct into the ocean waters separating the mainland from Cape Breton Island.
 Not to be confused with the River Noe which flows into Loch Etive ScotlandThe River Noe is a tributary of the River Derwent in Derbyshire England. It flows approximately 12 miles (19 km) from its source the confluence of two streams running off Kinder Scout in the Peak District east through Edale and then southeast through the village of Hope.The river flows into the River Derwent a kilometre south of Bamford.
 The Scott River is a 60-mile-long (97 km) river in Siskiyou County California United States. It is a tributary of the Klamath River one of the largest rivers in California.Historically fur trappers called the river the Beaver River before the Hudson's Bay Company nearly extirpated beaver from the area in the early 19th century. Scott Valley was first entered by Stephen Meek Thomas McKay George Adolphus Duzel and 16 other Hudson's Bay trappers in 1836.
 Aitz Txiki is a peak of Biscay Basque Country (Spain) 791 m. high. Its name means small rock aitz=rock txiki=small.
 The Tut is a river of Mizoram northeastern India. It is a tributary of the Tlawng River.
 Kemmete is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Skauthøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Bedini Bugyal is a Himalayan Alpine meadow situated at an altitude of 3354 metres (11004 ft) in the Chamoli district of Uttarakhand state of India. Bedini Bugyal falls on the way to Roopkund near Wan village. Trisul and Nanda Ghunti are clearly visible from here. This lush green meadow is adorned with blooms in a wide range of varieties. There is a small lake named Vaitarani (Bedini Kund) situated amidst the meadow. The rich flora of the area includes 'Brahm Kamal' or Sauseurea Obyallata.
 Mount Colonel Foster is a mountain located on Vancouver Island in Strathcona Regional District British Columbia Canada. At 2135 metres (7005 ft) it is the fourth highest peak on the island. It is one of the nine Island Qualifiers.Mount Colonel Foster is located across the Elk River from Elkhorn Mountain. The east face is a 1000-metre (3281 ft) wall.
 The Baia River is a tributary of the Fleț River in Romania.
 Otter Hole is perhaps one of the best decorated caves in Britain. Located on the English Welsh border just north of Chepstow the cave runs from the banks of the tidal River Wye under the Chepstow Racecourse and onwards through various chambers each rich with cave formations. Due to its importance as one of the finest examples of decorated caverns in Europe access is restricted managed by the Royal Forest of Dean Caving Club on behalf of the landowner.
 Hurst Hill is a location on Anglezarke Moor within the West Pennine Moors of Lancashire England. Despite a modest height of 317 metres (1040 feet) the summit provides excellent views towards the Irish Sea. Of more note however is its location between Round Loaf and Pikestones both of which are Neolithic remnants. It is probable that Hurst Hill (and nearby Grain Pole Hill) were vantage points for the ancient communities. No excavation work has taken place.
 Scoresby is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northern part of the Moon's near side. It is nearly attached to the crater Challis along the north-northwestern rim and is located just to the north of the walled plain Meton. Due to its location this crater appears highly foreshortened when viewed from the Earth appearing elliptical in shape.
 The Bandeira River (Chopim River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Opihi River flows through south Canterbury in New Zealand's South Island. It has been identified as an Important Bird Area by BirdLife International because it supports breeding colonies of the endangered Black-billed Gull.
 Milluni Peak or Pico Milluni (composed of Spanish pico peak and Aymara milluni millu light brown reddish fair-haired dark chestnut -ni suffix to indicate ownership the one that has got a brown colour) is a mountain in the Andes about 5483 m (17989 ft) high located in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia in the La Paz Department Pedro Domingo Murillo Province El Alto Municipality. It is situated south of Wayna Potosí and north of El Alto and La Paz.
 With its 827 metres (2713 ft) high peak the Große Kornberg is the northeast cornerstone of the Fichtel Mountains in south Germany. It forms a wooded ridge which is recognisable from a long distance by its former military surveillance tower It is also the local 'house' mountain of Schönwald and Schwarzenbach an der Saale.Geologically granite is the underlying rock. Its lower strata are grainy but the upper layers contain fine-grained granite.
 Eynali is a small mountain range in north of Tabriz Iran. The range has a couple of peaks including Eynali (1800 m) Halileh (1850 m) Pakeh-chin (1945 m) Bahlul (1985 m) and the highest one Dand (2378 m). It has red soil and it is seen from everywhere in Tabriz. There is a tomb at top of the mountain which is believed to be the grave of two clerics which the mountain's name is related to them.
 The Yankee Fork Salmon River is a 28-mile (45 km) tributary of the Salmon River in Custer County Idaho in the United States. It originates in the Salmon River Mountains in the Salmon-Challis National Forest and flows south to its confluence at Sunbeam about 10 miles (16 km) east of Stanley.
 The Little Net River is a 12.1-mile-long (19.5 km) tributary of the Net River of Minnesota part of the Nemadji River watershed flowing to Lake Superior.
 The Makushin Volcano (also known as Mount Makushin) is an ice-covered stratovolcano located on Unalaska Island in the Aleutian Islands of the U.S. state of Alaska. With an elevation of 2036 metres (6680 ft) its summit is the highest point on the island. Makushin is one of the most active among the 40 volcanoes of Alaska. It has erupted at least two dozen times over the past several thousand years with the last eruption occurring in 1995.
 The Rhonelle is a river of northern France right tributary of the Scheldt. Its source is near Locquignol. It flows generally northwest along Le Quesnoy Villers-Pol and Famars. It flows into the Scheldt in Valenciennes.
 Moulton is a crater on the Moon's far side just beyond the south-southwestern limb as seen from the Earth. The crater is attached to the southern edge of Chamberlin and it lies at the northern terminus of the Vallis Schrödinger valley. There is a cleft in the shared rim between Chamberlin and Moulton.This is a worn crater with an outer rim that is not quite circular. There are straight lengths in the rim to the west and northeast as well as the common rim shared with Chamberlin to the north.
 The Sărata River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Smoke Creek Mountains is a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada at the California border west of the Smoke Creek Desert.
 The Moravița River or Nanoviște River is a tributary of the Timiş River. It flows through Romania and Serbia
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Sânteasca River in Romania.
 Daubensee is a lake at Gemmi Pass in Valais Switzerland. It is the site of the annual Shepherd Festival held on the last Sunday in July. It has a surface area of 0.69 km².Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub16x Media related to Daubensee at Wikimedia Commons
 Winterlauter is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Monte Cistella is a mountain roughly in the middle of the Lepontine Alps.
 The Zidileasca River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 The Afon Lwyd - (English: Grey River) is a 13-mile long river in south-east Wales which flows from its source north of Blaenavon through Abersychan Pontnewynydd Pontypool Llanfrechfa and Cwmbran before flowing into the River Usk at Caerleon which subsequently flows into the Bristol Channel in Newport.
 Spring Creek is a small river in southwestern Minnesota. It is a headwater to the Yellow Medicine River which is a tributary to the Minnesota River. Springs are part of the source of the creek's water hence the name. In the winter the springs may cause the ice to be thinner and weaker over and downstream of the spring. Spring Creek has a perennial length of 33.4 miles (53.8 km) and can reach a total length of 46 miles (74 km) when conditions permit.
 The Valea Iadului River is a tributary of the Leuca in Romania.
 The Col du Ballon d'Alsace (1178 m (3865 ft)) is a mountain pass situated close to the summit of the Ballon d'Alsace (1247 m (4091 ft)) in the Vosges Mountains of France. It connects Saint-Maurice-sur-Moselle (Vosges) with Masevaux (Haut-Rhin) and Belfort.The Ballon d'Alsace was the first official mountain climb in the Tour de France on 11 July 1905 although the tour had crossed the slightly lower Col de la République (1161 m (3809 ft)) in each of the previous two years.
 Wassersportsee Zülpich is a lake in Westdeutschland North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 154 m its surface area is 85 ha.
 The Belcina River or Becheni River or Belchin River ( Hungarian: Békény-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. It is a right tributary of the river Mureș. It flows through the town Gheorgheni and joins the Mureș near the village Joseni.
 The Valea Grădinilor River is a tributary of the Vâna Mare River in Romania.
 Bällstaån or Spångaån (Swedish: Stream of Bällsta/Spånga) is a small stream in northern Stockholm. Flowing through the municipalities of Järfälla Stockholm Sundbyberg and Solna it empties in the bay Bällstaviken the innermost part of Ulvsundasjön.Some 14 km of the stream is passing through culverts and long stretches of it have been straitened out to form part of the local stormwater system.
 Spechtenköpfe is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Bug River (Polish: Bug [buk] or Western Bug; ; Ukrainian: Західний Буг Zakhidnyy Buh Belarusian: Захо́дні Буг Zakhodni Buh; Russian: Западный Буг Zapadnyy Bug) is a major European river which flows through three countries with a total length of 830 kilometres (520 mi).A tributary of the Narew River the Bug forms part of the border between Ukraine and Polandfor 185 kilometres (115 mi) and between Belarus and Poland for 178 kilometres (111 mi) and is the fourth longest Polish river.
 Giant Springs is a large first magnitude spring located near Great Falls Montana. Its water has a temperature of 54 °F (12 °C) and originates from snowmelt in the Little Belt Mountains 60 miles (97 km) away. According to radiometric dating the water takes almost 2900 years to travel underground before returning to the surface at the springs. Giant Springs is formed by an opening in a part of the Madison aquifer a vast aquifer underlying 5 U.S. States and 3 Canadian Provinces.
 The Rogozul River is a tributary of the Neajlov River in Romania.
 The Lolab Valley is a Himalayan sub-valley and forms the north-western corner of the Vale of Kashmir formed by the Lahwal River in the state of Jammu and Kashmir of India. The entrance to the valley lies 9 km (5.6 mi) north of Kupwara town and the centre of the valley lies 114 km (71 mi) northwest of Srinagar the capital of Jammu and Kashmir. It is an oval-shaped valley 15 miles (24 km) long with an average width of 2 miles (3.2 km).[citation needed]
 The Lang Randen (900 m) is a mountain in the Randen range between the Jura and the Swabian Jura located between Schleitheim and Hemmental in the Swiss canton of Schaffhausen.After the Hagen the Lang Randen is the second highest mountain of Schaffhausen.
 Luna Peak is the highest mountain in the Picket Range an extremely rugged subrange of the North Cascades in the American state of Washington. It is located within North Cascades National Park. It is notable for its large local relief and isolated position on a far-flung eastern ridge of the Pickets. For example it rises over 6560 ft (2000 m) in 1.8 mi (2.9 km) above McMillan Creek to the south. Luna Peak was first climbed in early September 1938 by Bill Cox and Will F. Thompson.
 The Pasterze (Slovenian Pastirica shepherdess) at approximately 8.4 kilometers (5.2 mi) in length is the longest glacier in Austria and in the Eastern Alps reaching from the 3453-metre (11329 ft) Johannisberg to 2100 metres (6900 ft) above sea level. It lies within the Hohe Tauern mountain range in Carinthia directly beneath Austria's highest mountain the Grossglockner.
 The Clisham (Scottish Gaelic: An Cliseam) is a mountain on the island of Harris in the Western Isles of Scotland. At 799 metres (2621 ft) it is the highest mountain in the Outer Hebrides and the archipelago's only Corbett.The easiest ascent of the mountain starts from the highest point of the A859 road between Tarbert and Ardvourlie (Aird a' Mhulaidh) and climbs the broad southern shoulder.
 The Pârâul cu Păstrăvi is a tributary of the Cocoşul River in Romania.
 The Silver River flows from the Slieve Bloom Mountains in the south of County Offaly in central Ireland. The village of Cadamstown on the river is home of The Silver River Geological Reserve.
 Alto de Nique is a mountain in South and Central America. It is 1730 metres tall and sits on the international border between Colombia and Panama.
 Lake Misurina (Italian: Lago di Misurina; Cadorino dialect: Lago de Meśorìna) is the largest natural lake of the Cadore and it is 1754 m above sea level near Auronzo di Cadore (Belluno). The lake's perimeter is 2.6 km long while the maximum depth is 5 m.Near the lake there are about ten hotels with accommodation for around 500 people.The particular climatic characteristics of the area around the lake make particularly good air for those who have respiratory diseases.
 The Stâna River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
 For town of similar name in Karnataka see KunnurKunur River one of main tributaries of the Ajay 112 kilometres (70 mi) in length has its origin near Bansgara in the Faridpur police station area. With water from several small streams swelling it during the monsoons it often floods large areas of Ausgram and Mangalkot police stations of Bardhaman district. It joins the Ajay near Ujani village.
 Ashbrook is a large lunar impact crater that is located in the vicinity of the south pole on the far side of the Moon and so cannot be viewed directly from the Earth. The eastern face of the crater has been overlain by the similar-sized Drygalski and more than half the interior floor of Ashbrook is covered by the outer ramparts and ejecta of Drygalski.
 The Little Satilla River is a 22.6-mile-long (36.4 km) tidal river that forms the boundary between Glynn and Camden counties in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is a separate river from the Little Satilla River 20 miles (32 km) to the northwest that is a freshwater tributary of the Satilla River.
 The Mânăstirea River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 Yeoninsan is a mountain in the county of Gapyeong Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 737 m (2418 ft).
 Meugher (/ˈmuː.fər/) is a hill in the Yorkshire Dales England. It lies in remote country between Wharfedale and Nidderdale in the parish of Stonebeck Down less than 1 km outside the Yorkshire Dales National Park. The hill has a conical peak which has been described as perhaps the remotest and least inviting summit in the Yorkshire Dales.
 The Arinoasa River is a tributary of the Albuia River in Romania.
 Türnleberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Beaver River also known as the Beavermouth Creek or Beaver Creek is a tributary of the Columbia River in British Columbia Canada joining that river in the Rocky Mountain Trench northwest of the town of Golden. It enters the Columbia via Kinbasket Lake.The Beaver River is the eastern egress from the Rogers Pass and its valley is the route of the Trans-Canada Highway and Canadian Pacific Railway on that side of the pass and it is located in Glacier National Park.
 Frank Lake is a restored wetland located 6 km (3.7 mi) east of High River Alberta 50 km (31 mi) south of Calgary and about 2 km (1.2 mi) south of Blackie. The lake is controlled by Ducks Unlimited Canada for wildlife management purposes and is an Important Bird Area. It is one of four Alberta lakes with the same name.
 Town House Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch.
 The Bappagay (Russian: Баппагай) is a river of Sakha Republic Russia a tributary of the Vilyuy River.
 Sonnenhübel is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Mount Morrison is located in the Sierra Nevada in the Sherwin Range. It rises south of Convict Lake near the town of Mammoth Lakes.
 Lac Baker (meaning Lake Baker) is a Canadian lake with an area of 6 km² located in northwestern New Brunswick on the border with Quebec.The lake drains to the south through Baker Brook into the Saint John River at the community of Baker Brook.The lake derives its name from John Baker who founded Baker Brook and subsequently discovered the lake.
 The Afinișul River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Juklevatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Hemsedal (in Buskerud county) and Lærdal (in Sogn og Fjordane county) Norway. It is located 21 kilometres (13 mi) east of Borgund in Lærdal just to the south of the mountain Høgeloft in the Filefjell range. The 3.07-square-kilometre (1.19 sq mi) lake sits at an elevation of 1286 metres (4219 ft) above sea level.
 Redoubt Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1920.
 The Eiul River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Col des Roches (el. 919 m.) is a mountain pass in the Jura Mountains on the border between the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland and France.It connects Le Locle in Switzerland and Morteau in France.
 Ulansuhai Nur or Wuliangsuhai（Chinese: 乌梁素海; pinyin: Wūliángsù Hǎi）is a freshwater lake in China it is located in southwest of Inner Mongolia situated in the north bank of the middle reaches of Yellow River. The lake is 233 km 2 with a drainage area of 11800 km 2 an elevation of 1018.79 m length 35.4 km and mean width 6.6 km (max 12.7 m). The lake is rich in fish. Ulansuhai Nur is a rare big multi-functional lake in this desolate and drought-stricken grassland.
 The Căciulata River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Often simply known as the Sugar Loaf (Irish: Ó Cualann also Beannach Mhór) this hill is located in the east of County Wicklow in Ireland south of Bray and to the north of the Glen of the Downs Nature Reserve.
 Artamonov is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. The eroded outer rim of Artamonov does not have the circular shape of most lunar craters and instead has the overall shape of three or four merged craters.
 McDaniel Lake is a 300-acre (1.2 km2) source of water for the city of Springfield Missouri currently owned and operated by City Utilities of Springfield as their public water source. Despite being 5 miles (8.0 km) north of the city limits the Springfield Police Department has primary jurisdiction over the lake shorelines and corresponding city-owned land (the utility is fully owned by the City of Springfield).
 The Râulețu is a tributary of the Berivoi river in Romania.
 Moel yr Ogof is a summit in Snowdonia. It is a subsidiary summit of Moel Hebog and a sister peak to the lower Moel Lefn. There is an Asbestos trial mine located on the summit. A small seam of white asbestos was discovered however insufficient amounts to commercially mine.Owain Glyndŵr's cave can be found on the cliff at the western flank of the mountain. The Beddgelert Forest lies directly to the north east while Cwm Pennant lies to the west.
 The Pristos River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 This article is about the Black River in Orleans County northern Vermont. Another place in Vermont with the same name is the Black River (Connecticut River) in southeast Vermont.The Black River is a tributary of Lake Memphremagog over 30 miles (48 km) long in northern Vermont in the United States. It is one of the four major rivers in Orleans County. It is the longer but least powerful of the two rivers contained solely within the county.
 Falsino River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 Lukmanier Pass (Italian: Passo del Lucomagno Romansh: Cuolm Lucmagn) is a pass (el. 1915 m.) in the Swiss Alps.The road from Disentis/Mustér in the canton of Graubünden leads through the Val Medel across the pass to the Blenio valley and Biasca in the canton of Ticino. North of the pass the road runs along the east shore of Lake Sontga Maria.The Pass is kept opened during the winter.
 Menelaus is a young lunar impact crater located on the southern shore of Mare Serenitatis near the eastern end of the Montes Hæmus mountain range. To the southwest is the small crater Auwers and to the southwest is the even smaller Daubrée. To the northeast is a faint rille system named the Rimae Menelaus.
 Sham Hill is a volcanic plug in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia Canada located near the upper Bridge River. It is part of a volcanic group called the Bridge River Cones which in turn is part of the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt of the Canadian Cascade Arc.
 Kearons is a small lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon to the northwest of the Mare Orientale impact basin in the outer skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Montes Cordillera range. It is a relatively isolated crater possibly because any nearby features have been buried under the ejecta.
 Shatalov is a relatively small lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the west-southwest of the Mare Moscoviense one of the few lunar maria on the far side. To the east-southeast of Shatalov along the edge of the Mare Moscoviense is the larger crater Belyaev.This is a bowl-shaped crater with a circular outer rim a fairly typical appearance for a lunar crater of this size. Attached to the outer rim along the northeastern side is a small cup-shaped impact crater.
 Harrison Glacier is located in the US state of Montana in Glacier National Park. Situated on a southeast facing ridge immediately south of Mount Jackson Harrison Glacier is the largest glacier in Glacier National Park and was estimated in 2005 to have an area of 466 acres (1.89 km2).
 Arcalod is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Bauges range of the Western Alps. It has an elevation of 2217 metres (7274 ft) above mean sea level.Arcalod has a prominence of 1713 metres (5620 ft) and is thus an ultra prominent peak. It is the 4th most prominent peak in France.
 The Williams River is one of the two major tributaries of the Murray River in Western Australia the other being the Hotham River.It starts between Williams and Narrogin and flows in a general westerly direction before it joins the Hotham River to become the Murray River near Mount Saddleback. The river has 12 tributaries including Coolakin Gully Warrening Gully Junction Brook Coalling Brook Jim Went Creek and Fitts Creek.
 Lake Newell is a large lake in southern Alberta Canada. It is located 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) south of the city of Brooks east of Veteran Highway. The man-made reservoir was filled in 1914 through the construction of the Bassano Dam. It was named after T.H. Newell a landowner and irrigation expert. The County of Newell is in turn named after the lake.The lake covers a surface of 66.4 square kilometres (25.6 sq mi) and has a drainage basin of 84.6 square kilometres (32.7 sq mi).
 Mariotte is an elongated crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. This formation is located about one crater diameter to the southwest of the smaller Das. This crater is longer to the southeast by about an extra 5 km giving this feature an egg-shaped outline. The outer rim is sharp-edged and little eroded. The interior floor is uneven particularly toward the southeastern end. To the southeast of Mariotte is the large crater Chebyshev.
 The Mittelberg is a 803.6 m high (above sea level) mountain located in the Thuringian Highland Thuringia (Germany). It is located close to the municipalities of Piesau and Lichte and the Leibis-Lichte Dam in the Saalfeld-Rudolstadt district in the Thuringian Forest Nature Park. The section of the Rennsteig walkway between Neuhaus am Rennweg Ernstthal am Rennsteig and Spechtsbrunn runs close to the mountain.
 The Lava Bed Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert in southeastern California USA. The mountains lie in a northwest-southeasterly direction and are located almost entirely within the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms which is a restricted area. The mountains reach a height of 4488 feet (1368 m) above sea level at Argos Mountain and are found at the northwestern end of the Bullion Mountains.
 The King River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise between the Durack Range and the Saw Range.
 The Bezid River is a tributary of the Cușmed River in Romania.
 Yatuá River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 Räderschnitza is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Yeoman Hey Reservoir is a reservoir in the English Peak District. On its margin is a commemorative stone laid by the King of Tonga in 1981. The reservoir is within the boundaries of Greater Manchester but was formerly in the West Riding of Yorkshire. It is one of three reservoirs in the same valley: above it is Greenfield Reservoir and adjacent to and below it is Dovestone Reservoir. The reservoirs lie to the south of the A635 road across Saddleworth Moor.
 Tjörnin (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈtʰjœrtn̥ɪn] The Pond) is a prominent small lake in central Reykjavík the capital of Iceland. Most visitors to the city pass along its shore as it is situated in the city centre next to the Reykjavik City Hall and several museums. Tjörnin means the lake or the pond. Tarn meaning mountain lake is a northern English dialect word derived from the Norse word tjörn and its genitive/plural tjarnar.
 Three Island Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 462.Three Island Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Benedict Lake is downstream of Three Island Lake while Low Pass Lake is just over the pass to the southeast.
 Lysakerfjorden is an arm of the Oslofjord in Norway. It starts at the mouth of the Lysaker River and is bordered by the peninsulas Snarøya to the west and Bygdøy to the east.
 The Estelnic River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 Pilot Rock is a prominent volcanic plug located in the western Cascade Range near the east end of the Siskiyou Mountains just east of the Siskiyou Summit near Ashland Oregon. Rising thousands of feet above the Shasta and Rogue valleys it is a landmark distinguishable from over 40 miles (64 km) away. At 25.6 million years old it is one of the oldest formations of the Cascade Range. The rock is protected by the Cascade–Siskiyou National Monument and the Soda Mountain Wilderness.
 The Mălinul River is a tributary of the Valea Scorușilor River in Romania.
 The Groundhog River is a river in Cochrane District and Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. The river is in the James Bay drainage basin and is a left tributary of the Mattagami River.
 Goat Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Goat Lake is in a cirque below Goat Mountain which looms almost 3400 feet (1000 m) above the lake immediately to the northwest. The lake is a 3 miles (4.8 km) hike by trail from the Rising Sun Auto Camp.
 Duveholmssjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Herzberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Schijen is a mountain in the Glarus Alps overlooking the Obersee and Klöntalersee on its northern and southern side respectively. It lies west of Glarus in Switzerland.
 Hahle is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Upper Pond (Russian: Верхний пруд) is a large artificial pond in northern Kaliningrad Russia. It was known as the Oberteich while part of Königsberg Germany until 1945.The pond is elevated 22 metres above the Pregel River and encompasses 41.1 hectares. Freshwater life living in the Upper Pond include perch roach carp tench pike and eels. Located near the water is the Kaliningrad Amber Museum.
 The Chagrin River is located in Northeast Ohio. The river has two branches the Aurora Branch and East Branch. Of three hypotheses as to the origin of the name the most probable is that it is a corruption of the name of a Frenchman Sieur de Seguin who established a trading post on the river ca. 1742.
 For other uses see Nespelem (disambiguation).The Nespelem River is a northern tributary of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. It is completely contained within Okanogan County and the Colville Indian Reservation.The name Nespelem is said to come from the Indian word nesilim meaning flat land.
 The Takahara River (高原川 Takahara-gawa) has its source at Mount Norikura in the northern part of Gifu Prefecture Japan and flows into Toyama Prefecture where it joins with the Jinzū River. It is a Class 1 River.The river was polluted with cadmium due to mining at the Kamioka Mines (神岡鉱山 Kamioka Kōzan) and caused the itai-itai disease in the downstream towns around World War II.
 The St. Michael volcanic field is a volcanic field located on St. Michael and Stuart Islands in western Alaska United States. It contains 55 cones and craters including low broad shield volcanoes and maars.
 The Iminog River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Zumba Crater is a very young crater in the Phoenicis Lacus quadrangle of Mars located at 28.68 South and 133.18 West. It is only 3.3 km in diameter and was named after a town in Ecuador.Zumba has a depth of about 620 meters and its rim rises about 200 meters above the surrounding lava-filled plains of Daedalia Planum.
 Rhos Dirion is a top of Waun Fach in the Black Mountains in south-eastern Wales. It is the highest point on the Rhos Dirion - Chwarel y Fan ridge. The summit is marked by a trig point and crowns an area of peat bog heather and long grasses. Its northern face is precipitous.
 Tilyar Lake is one of the major tourist attractions in the Indian state of Haryana. It is 70 kilometers from New Delhi on the Delhi – Fazilka highway and is located close to the city of Rohtak in Haryana. The lake lies in a 132-acre (0.53 km2) area and forms an integral part of the tourist setup making it one of the greenest stretches in the adjoining area. The spacious lawns and the scenery on view make this resort a great place to relax and people visit from as far away as Mumbai.
 The Hohe Matze also known as the Hohe Mätze is a mountain in the southern part of the Fichtel Mountains of central Germany. It lies between Nagel and Tröstau and its 813 m high summit is a jumble of oval-shaped rocks. There are numerous trails through its wooded slopes.On the Hohe Matze was once supposed to have been the castle of Karlstein but there is no record of it in historical documents.
 The Unalakleet River in the U.S. state of Alaska flows southwest 90 miles (145 km) from the Kaltag Mountains to near the town of Unalakleet on Norton Sound of the Bering Sea.In 1980 the upper 80 miles (130 km) of the river was protected as wild as part of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System. Managed by the Bureau of Land Management the wild segment of the river is fished for king and silver salmon Arctic grayling and char.
 The Andia Range (Andiako mendilerroa in Basque and Sierra de Andía in Spanish) is a mountain range of western Navarre Spain part of the Basque Mountains. Its highest point is the 1493 metres high Beriain.Together with the neighboring Urbasa range Andia is part of the Urbasa-Andia Natural Park.
 The Coreaú River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Eisriesenwelt (German for World of the Ice Giants) is a natural limestone ice cave located in Werfen Austria about 40 km south of Salzburg. The cave is inside the Hochkogel mountain in the Tennengebirge section of the Alps. It is the largest ice cave in the world extending more than 42km and visited by about 200000 tourists every year.
 Kreiken is a small lunar crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon. It lies to the south of the crater Kiess and the Mare Smythii. Just to the south-southwest is the smaller crater Elmer and to the west is Dale.Only the western part of this crater's rim survives nearly intact the remainder forming a faint outline on the surface. There is a small crater lying across eastern rim. The interior floor is unremarkable with no features of interest.
 Teslin Lake is a large lake spanning the border between British Columbia and Yukon Canada. It is one of a group of large lakes in the region of far northwestern BC east of the upper Alaska Panhandle which are the southern extremity of the basin of the Yukon River and which are known in Yukon as the Southern Lakes (the other major ones in the group are Atlin Lake and Tagish Lake but include Bennett and Lindeman Lakes the headwaters of the Yukon River itself).
 Ferndorfbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Hijiri (聖岳 Hijiri-dake) is a mountain located in the Akaishi Mountains in both Aoi-ku Shizuoka Shizuoka Prefecture and Iida Nagano Prefecture in the Chūbu region of Japan. It is 3013 m (9885 ft) tall and part of the Akaishi Mountains. It is the mountain in Minami Alps National Park located in the south most. It is also included on the list of 100 Famous Japanese Mountains. There are several mountain climbing trails and Mountain hut around the mountain.
 The Capivara River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Annieopsquotch Mountains are located in the southwestern interior of the Canadian island of Newfoundland east of Bay St. George. Rising to a peak of 687 m (2254 ft) above sea level this range of hills runs in a north-eastward direction between Victoria Lake and Red Indian Lake. It is composed of 500 million year old ocean floor rock; its name is Mi'kmaq and literally translated means 'terrible rocks'.
 Mount Parnassus is a mountain peak in Colorado a thirteener and the 208th highest peak in the state. It is located west of Denver along the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains and the Continental Divide. It sits within Clear Creek County and Arapaho and Roosevelt National Forests. Its proximate parent peak is Bard Peak.
 Sharp Peak also known as Nam She Tsim (蚺蛇尖) is a hill which lies within the Sai Kung East Country Park north of Tai Long Wan in the Sai Kung Peninsula in Hong Kong. It is particularly well known for its well defined sharp peak which rises to a height of 468 meters above sea level.
 The Siskiyou Mountains are a coastal mountain range in the northern Klamath Mountains in northwestern California and southwestern Oregon in the United States. They extend in an arc for approximately 100 miles (160 km) from east of Crescent City California northeast along the north side of the Klamath River into Josephine and Jackson counties in Oregon.
 The Iovanul Mare River is a headwater of the Iovanul River in Romania.
 Theiler is a tiny lunar Impact crater on the eastern lunar limb in the western Mare Marginis. To the southeast is the prominent walled plain Neper. Due to its location Theiler is not always visible to observers on the Earth because of the effects of the Moon's libration. Theiler is a circular bowl-shaped formation of no particular significance.
 The Três Barras River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Ekalluk River (variations: Ekalluktok Ekaluktuuk Ekaluk) is a river in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in central through southeastern Victoria Island. Its source is Ferguson Lake and it flows west to Wellington Bay and east to Albert Edward Bay. Nearby lakes include Keyhole Lake Kitiga Lake and Surrey Lake. The closest community is Cambridge Bay.The people of the Ekalluk River area are called Ekalluktogmiut a geographically defined Copper Inuit subgroup.
 Tuttle Creek Lake is a reservoir on the Big Blue River 5 miles (8 km) north of Manhattan in the Flint Hills region of northeast Kansas. It was built and is operated by the Army Corps of Engineers for the purpose of flood control.The lake is bordered by Tuttle Creek State Park which features 1200 acres (4.9 km2) of recreational areas including nature trails camping sites and an artificial beach. The state park also hosts the Country Stampede Music Festival every summer.
 Losse is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Mount McQuillan is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 21 km (13 mi) southeast of Port Alberni and 13 km (8 mi) south of Mount Arrowsmith.
 Thüren is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.1 m its surface area is 1.72 km².
 Waranga Basin is a reservoir forming part of the Goulburn River irrigation system in Victoria Australia. It is located in Shire of Campaspe near the City of Greater Shepparton and is located near the townships of Tatura Rushworth and Murchison.
 The Ruakokoputuna River is a river of the Wairarapa in the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northeast from its sources within Haurangi Forest Park to the east of Palliser Bay reaching the Huangarua River 10 kilometres south of Martinborough.
 Akkarayan Aru is a river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in north-west Mullaitivu District before flowing north through Mullaitivu District and Kilinochchi District. The river empties into Jaffna Lagoon.
 The Rio das Mortes is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil. It has a length of 580 km.
 Florida River is a 61.7-mile-long (99.3 km) tributary of the Animas River in La Plata County Colorado. The river's source is Lillie Lake in the Weminuche Wilderness. After being impounded by the Lemon Dam to form Lemon Reservoir about fifteen miles northeast of Durango it joins the Animas River south of Durango on the Southern Ute Indian Reservation near the New Mexico state line.
 Rancho Seco Recreational Park is a recreational area located in the California Central Valley near the Rancho Seco Nuclear Generating Station in Herald California. It is open to the public for camping fishing hiking and water activities. Boats are restricted to outboard electric motors which improves the lake's use as a swimming hole. The lake is fed by the Folsom South Canal.
 Devils Backbone (also Devil's Backbone) is a ridge and rock outcrop located in Highland County Virginia United States. The ridge is located approximately 7.6 miles (12.2 km) north-northeast of Monterey Virginia near the village of Blue Grass.Along the crest of the ridge line is a near vertical outcrop of Tuscarora Sandstone approximately 84 feet (26 m) thick.
 The Bunderspitz is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located between Adelboden and Kandersteg in the canton of Bern.The summit can be reached by a trail from both sides.
 Y Ro Wen is a mountain just north of Blaenau Ffestiniog North Wales and forms part of the Moelwynion. It may be climbed from Dolwyddelan or Cwm Penmachno. The popular climbing crag of Craig Alltrem can be found on its western slope. The summit has a shelter cairn with views of Moel Penamnen Manod Mawr North Top Y Gamallt and Moel Siabod.
 Lake Ritsa (Georgian: რიწა Abkhaz: Риҵа Russian: Рица) in the northern part of Abkhazia an autonomous republic in Georgia is a lake in the Caucasus Mountains surrounded by mixed mountain forests and subalpine meadows. Its water is cold and clear. Mountains with heights of 2200 to 3500 m surround the lake. The region around Lake Ritsa is a part of the Euxine-Colchic deciduous forests ecoregion with a fairly high concentration of evergreen boxwood groves.
 Domyeongsan is a mountain of Chungcheongbuk-do South Korea. It has an elevation of 642 metres.
 Miller Lake is a large natural freshwater lake in the Cascade Range in western Klamath County in the U.S. state of Oregon. The lake is in the Winema National Forest about 14 miles (23 km) west of Chemult via Miller Lake Road (Forest Road 9772).Recreation at the lake includes fishing for stocked rainbow and brown trout and kokanee. The lake has been called one of the best brown trout fisheries in the state.
 Pico do Papagaio is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Pernambuco at 1260 metres (4134 ft).
 The Karaagach (Bulgarian: Караагач) is a small river in south-eastern Bulgaria which flows to the south of the town of Kiten on the territory of the Tsarevo Municipality. It forms a deep estuary on the coast of the Black Sea which is 11 to 14 m deep. The river is rich in rare fish species and has varied flora. Karaagach is 15 km long.
 The Adelphi Canal was a small privately owned canal in Duckmanton near Chesterfield England. It was used to transport goods from an ironworks to a wharf by the road. It is not connected to any other waterway; goods were forwarded by road to the Chesterfield Canal. It was constructed in 1799.
 The Matanza River is known by several names including in Spanish Río de la Matanza (the slaughter river in English) Río Matanza (slaughter river) Río Mataderos (slaughterhouses river) Río de la Manzana (the apple river) or simply Riachuelo (little river or brook). It is a 64-kilometre (40 mi) stream in Argentina that originates in the Buenos Aires Province and defines the southern boundary of the Buenos Aires federal district.
 The Godavari (Marathi : गोदावरी)(Telugu: గోదావరి) is a river in south-central India. It starts in the western state of Maharashtra and flows through the southern state Andhra Pradesh before reaching the Bay of Bengal. It forms one of the largest river basins in India. With a length of 1465 km it is the second longest river in India after the Ganges. It originates near Trimbak in Nashik District of Maharashtra state.
 Mount Naka (中岳 Naka-dake) is located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaido Japan. It sits on the north rim of the Ohachidaira caldera.
 The Beauly Firth is a firth in northern Scotland. It is effectively a continuation of the Moray Firth westward and is bounded at one end by Beauly and at the other by Inverness (North Kessock and South Kessock). The Kessock Ferry has crossed at the eastern end since the 15th Century. Today the A9 crosses on the Kessock Bridge.The River Ness empties into the Beauly Firth after flowing from Loch Ness by way of Inverness.
 The Pelican Creek is a river of the Bahamas.
 The Tihul River is a headwater of the Răstolița River in Romania.
 Reinsfjellet is a mountain in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 994-metre (3261 ft) tall mountain is the tallest mountain in the municipality. It is located on the Romsdal peninsula about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) southeast of the village of Torvikbukt and the Batnfjorden.
 Mount Hiei (比叡山 Hiei-zan) is a mountain to the northeast of Kyoto lying on the border between the Kyoto and Shiga prefectures Japan.The temple of Enryaku-ji the first outpost of the Japanese Tendai (Chin. Tiantai) sect of Buddhism was founded atop Mount Hiei by Saichō in 788. Hōnen Nichiren and Shinran all studied at the temple before leaving to start their own practices.
 The Păpăuți River is a tributary of the Covasna River in Romania.
 Großer Plessower See is a German lake in the town of Werder in Brandenburg. At an elevation of 24 m its surface area is 3.22 km² its maximum length 511 km and at its widest is 1325 m.
 Bald Eagle Mountain – once known locally as Muncy Mountain – is a stratigraphic ridge in the Allegheny Mountains of central Pennsylvania USA running east of the Allegheny Front and northwest of Mount Nittany. It lies along the southeast side of Bald Eagle Creek and south of the West Branch Susquehanna River and is the westernmost ridge in its section of the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians.
 The Bornite Range is a subrange of the Bulkley Ranges located just northeast of Terrace on the north side of Kleanza Creek in northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Liebenerspitze is a mountain in the Gurgler Kamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Cima di Castello is a mountain of the Bregaglia Range located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. With a height of 3379 metres (11086 ft) above sea level it is the second highest mountain in the Bregaglia Range. Its summit lies between the valleys of the Albigna and Forno Glacier (both in the Swiss canton of Graubünden) and the valley of Val Mello (in the Italian region of Lombardy).
 The Gantrisch is a mountain in the north-western Bernese Alps located between the Simmental and the Aar valley in the canton of Bern. The mountain lies near Gurnigel Pass from where it is usually climbed. A trail leads to the summit.
 Lake Sibhayi also known as Lake Sibaya a freshwater lake in South Africa with a surface area of 64 km². The lake is also wrongly known as Sibaya or Sibayi. The lake is located in the Maputaland or Umhlabuyalingana area of KwaZulu-Natal on the east coast of South Africa.It is part of the Greater St. Lucia Wetland Park and is recognised under the Ramsar Convention as a Wetland of International Importance on 28 June 1991. In December 1999 The Greater St.
 Maravillas Creek is a river in Texas. It is a tributary of the Rio Grande.
 Mount McConnel elevation 8008 ft (2441 m) is a summit in the Mummy Range of northern Colorado. The summit west of Fort Collins in the Cache La Poudre Wilderness of Roosevelt National Forest can be reached via the Mount McConnel National Recreation Trail.
 Mount Cobbler is a mountain located in the Alpine National Park to the east of Mansfield in north-eastern Victoria Australia. Its summit rises to 1628 metres (5341 ft) above sea level. The peak and surrounding Cobbler land system is composed geologically of sedimentary rocks (conglomerate red sandstone siltstone and shale) dating to the Lower Carboniferous some 359 to 318 million years ago.Nearby Lake Cobbler which has a camping area is accessible by a 4 wheel drive track.
 The Cernăzioara River or Cernădia River is a tributary of the Rudi River in Romania
 The Indian River is a river in Algoma District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a right tributary of the Montreal River.
 Mont Brome is part of the Monteregian Hills in southern Quebec. Its summit stands 553 m (1814 ft) above sea level. It is near the town of Bromont Quebec. The ski resort Ski Bromont lies on its slopes.
 Therfield Heath is a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest and Local Nature Reserve on the chalk escarpment just north of Therfield Hertfordshire; since it lies south-west of the town of Royston it is also known locally as Royston Heath. It has a testing racetrack for horses on its slopes and is a popular spot with dog walkers and birdwatchers.
 The Corneșu River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 Ziegeleisee is a lake in Berlin Germany. At an elevation of 35 m its surface area is 4.7 ha.
 The Pleșu River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 North Keltma (Russian: Северная Кельтма) is a river in Komi Republic Russia left tributary of Vychegda River. It is 155 km in length with area of drainage basin 7960 km². It starts in extreme south of Komi republic near the border with Perm Krai. Flows into Vychegda near settlement Kerchomya. There are many swamps along the river.
 The Catatumbo River (Spanish: Río Catatumbo) is a river rising in northern Colombia flowing into Lake Maracaibo in Venezuela. The Catatumbo River is approximately 210 miles (338 km) long. It forms a part of the international boundary between the two countries.Together with the nearby Río Escalante Catatumbo is a producing area for cocoa beans of the Criollo cultivar.
 Oxon Creek is a cove on the Potomac River which straddles the border between Washington D.C. and Prince George's County Maryland just north of Interstate 495 (Capital Beltway) at Woodrow Wilson Bridge. The tributary stream is Oxon Run. Oxon Creek is 1.5 miles (2.4 km) in length and empties into the Potomac at Goose Island (a sand bar often under water) across from the city of Alexandria Virginia.
 Neptune Lake (also called Lake Ogemaga or Bug Lake or Bass Lake) is a shallow mesotrophic rural lake in Oneida County in northern Wisconsin in the United States near the intersection of U.S. Route 45 and U.S. Route 8 about 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Pelican Lake and 1 mile (1.6 km) northwest of the small settlement of Monico. Two smaller lakes Mars Lake and Venus Lake are nearby.Neptune Lake is 127 acres (0.51 km2) in area with a maximum depth of 7 feet (2.1 m).
 Marycha (Lithuanian: Seina) is a small river that serves as the natural Polish–Lithuanian and Lithuanian–Belarusian border. It starts around Puńsk flows through the town of Sejny passes through Pomorze Lake. It is a tributary of Czarna Hańcza.
 Mendenhall Lake is a proglacial lake in the Mendenhall Valley at the 1962 terminus of Mendenhall Glacier 3 miles (4.8 km) North of the Juneau City and Borough Airport in the Coast Mountains. It is the source of the short Mendenhall River. The lake is included in the Mendenhall Glacier Recreation Area of the Tongass National Forest.
 The Pârâul La Clopot is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Jeziorak (German: Geserichsee) is a lake in the Iława Lakeland in Warmia-Masuria Poland. Its area is 3219 ha (including 20 islands with area of 240 ha). It is 27.45 km long and 2.4 km wide. Maximum depth is 13 m. It is the longest lake in Poland and ranks 6th by area.
 Mount Kinabalu (Malay: Gunung Kinabalu) is a prominent mountain on the island of Borneo in Southeast Asia. It is located in the East Malaysian state of Sabah and is protected as Kinabalu Park a World Heritage Site. Kinabalu is the highest peak in Borneo's Crocker Range and is the highest mountain in the Malay Archipelago.
 Beinn Bheigeir (occasionally anglicised as Ben Vicar) is a hill on the Isle of Islay in Scotland UK. At 491 m it is the highest of the seven 'Marilyn' hills on Islay and the highest point on the island. It is located in the south east of Islay in the Ardtalla Estate. One possible approach is from Ardtalla: Start by following the path north towards Proaig then turn west towards Beinn Bheigier. Once some height is gained turn northwest to walk around the hill towards Bealach Corrach.
 The Blue Nile (Amharic: ዓባይ?</span>; transliterated: ʿAbbay but pronounced Abbai Arabic: النيل الأزرق‎ an-Nīl al-Azraq) is a river originating at Lake Tana in Ethiopia. With the White Nile the river is one of the two major tributaries of the Nile. The upper reaches of the river is called the Abbay in Ethiopia where it is considered holy by many and is believed to be the River Gihon mentioned as flowing out of the Garden of Eden in Genesis 2.
 Folly Lake is a lake of Annapolis County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Puig de la Talaia is a mountain located in the El Montmell municipal term in the Baix Penedès comarca Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 801 metres above sea level and is part of the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range.Talaia the name of the mountain means watchtower in the Catalan language.
 Grand Marais Creek is a 41.1-mile-long (66.1 km) tributary of the Red River of the North in northwestern Minnesota the United States. Via the Red River Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the Hudson Bay watershed.It flows from southeast to northwest rising less than 0.5 miles (0.80 km) east of the Red Lake River and running parallel to it. The creek passes northeast of East Grand Forks and joins the Red River 7 miles (11 km) north of that city.
 Sgurr na Lapaich is a mountain in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland situated north of Loch Mullardoch in the high ground that separates Glen Cannich and Glen Strathfarrar. The mountain reaches a height of 1150 metres (3773 feet) and is the fourth highest mountain north of the Great Glen. There is no higher ground to the north of it in Great Britain.With a topographic prominence of 839 metres Sgurr na Lapaich is the highest point for some considerable distance and is a fine viewpoint.
 The Kalix River (in Kalix language: kölisälva Swedish: proper Kalix älv or in everyday language Kalixälven Northern Sami: Gáláseatnu In Meänkieli the lower part of the river is called Kaihnuunväylä while the upper part is called Kaalasväylä) is one of the four major rivers of Norrland northern Sweden that are untouched by water power constructions. It is 461 kilometres long flowing up to the Kebnekaise mountain range in Kiruna Municipality.
 for the municipalities named for the river see Saddle River New Jersey and Upper Saddle River New JerseyThe Saddle River flows south through much of Bergen County New Jersey. The river runs through densely populated suburban areas for much of its course. The headwaters of the Saddle River are in the piedmont terrain of Rockland County in southern New York state.
 The Big Rideau Lake is a lake situated in the province of Ontario (Eastern Ontario) Canada. The lake is located 72 kilometres (45 mi) to the southwest of Ottawa Canada's capital city. It is 32 kilometres (20 mi) long and is 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) wide. The lake is much narrower at its northeastern end than at its southwestern end. The lake forms part of the Rideau Waterway and is the largest lake along the route of the Rideau waterway.
 Bear Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The River Alport flows for 9 km in the Dark Peak of the Peak District in Derbyshire England. Its source is on Bleaklow from which it flows south through the Grains in the Water swamp then over gritstone to Alport Bridge on the A57 Snake Pass route from Sheffield to Manchester where it joins the River Ashop which flows into the Ladybower Reservoir about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) down the valley.The course of the river includes three small waterfalls.
 Tatakooti Peak or Tatakuti is a mountain with a peak elevation of 4725 metres (15502 ft) in Shopian district of Jammu and Kashmir. The highest peak of this massif is Sunset Peak at 15568 ft (4745 metres). Tatakooti along with Sunset Peak lies in the west of The Vale of Kashmir. It is located 40 km west of Shopian town 105 km southwest of Srinagar the capital of Jammu and Kashmir.
 The São José River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Barrington Lake is a lake of Barrington municipality in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lenzener See (also Lenzer See) is a lake in the Rostock district in Ludwigslust-Parchim Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 41 m its surface area is 0.62 km².
 Watauga Lake located southeast of Elizabethton Tennessee is the local name of the Watauga Reservoir created by the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) with the 1948 completion of the TVA Watauga Dam.The Cherokee National Forest surrounds both the Tennessee Valley Authority Watauga Reservoir and Wilbur Reservoir in an area of northeast Tennessee that TVA describes as being located ...in some of the most beautiful country in the Tennessee River watershed.
 The Parpaner Rothorn is a mountain of the Plessur Alps overlooking Parpan in the canton of Graubünden. The summit is easily accessible with a cable car from Lenzerheide the upper station being located 30 metres below the main summit.
 Weitmannsee is a lake in Swabia Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 501 m its surface area is 33 ha.
 The Rohrhardsberg is a mountain in the Black Forest with an elevation of 1152 m (3780 ft) above sea level.It is situated near Elzach in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Ghiurca River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania. The river starts at the junction of headwaters Ghiurca Mare and Ghiurca Mică
 Morgensternhöhe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Carrizo Creek is a 145-mile-long (233 km) river in New Mexico and Texas. It is a tributary of Rita Blanca Creek itself a tributary of the Canadian River. Via the Arkansas and Mississippi rivers water from Carrizo Creek eventually reaches the Gulf of Mexico.
 Campbell is a large lunar crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southwest of the walled plain D'Alembert an even larger formation. If Campbell were located on the near side of the Moon as seen from the Earth it would form one of the largest visible craters being slightly larger than Schickard.
 San Pedro de Inacaliri River or called simply San Pedro River is a river of Chile located in El Loa Province Antofagasta Region. It begins at the confluence of the rivers Silala and Cajón at an elevation over 4000 m asl.A part of its flow is diverted (between 50 and 60 l/s) and conducted across the desert to Chuquicamata for domestic water supply.
 Francisco Abellán Reservoir is a reservoir in La Peza province of Granada Andalusia Spain.
 Lake Ukiel (or Krzywe Lake - informal name) is a lake in Poland which is located on Pojezierze Olsztyńskie in the northwest part of Olsztyn between district Dajtki Gutkowo i Likusy. Lake's volume: 43 6115 tys. m³ Degree of purity: II (2004) Category of susceptibility to degradation: II (2004)Ukiel is the biggest lake in Olsztyn. There are pensions hotels and a municipal beach.
 The Hainberg (known locally as the Hainberge as it has several summits. Also the old form Heinberg) is a hill range up to 299 metres high northwest of the Harz Mountains in the eastern part of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Parok (Russian: Парок) is a river in Perm Krai and Komi Republic Russia a right tributary of Parmanka River which in turn is a tributary of Chyornaya River. The length of the river is 17 km.
 Crystal Lake is a small lake resort about 1.6 km (0.99 mi) wide and 3.2 km (2.0 mi) long. It is a small recreational lake fed by natural underground springs in eastern Saskatchewan Canada. It is 24 km (15 mi) north of Canora and 24 km (15 mi) southeast of Preeceville. It is popular among residents in the neighboring towns for day and weekend getaways and has many cabins outlying the perimeter of the lake.
 The Cardó Massif (Catalan: Massís de Cardó IPA: [məˈsiz ðə kərˈðo] locally: [maˈsiz ðe karˈðo]; Spanish: Macizo de Cardó) also known as Cardó-Boix Massif is a mountain massif in the Baix Ebre comarca in Catalonia Spain. This massif is composed of a number of mountain ranges located on the left side of the Ebro river near Tortosa.
 The Mont Blanc massif (Occitan: Massís del Mont Blanc; Italian: Massiccio del Monte Bianco; French: Massif du Mont-Blanc) is a mountain range in the Graian Alps. It is named after Mont Blanc at 4810.45 m the highest summit of the Alps.
 The Adams River is a tributary of the Fraser River in British Columbia Canada. Beginning in the Monashee Mountains to the north the Upper Adams River flows mainly southward and eventually reaches Adams Lake. The Lower Adams River begins at the southern end of the lake and flows into the extreme western end of Shuswap Lake. The river is one of the most important sockeye salmon breeding areas in North America.
 Mount Ulandra is a mountain with an elevation of 761 metres (2497 ft) AHD  that it located within the Ulandra Nature Reserve in the South West Slopes region of New South Wales Australia.The mountain is located approximately 25 kilometres (16 mi) south-west of Cootamundra and 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) south-east of Bethungra.Atop the mountain are telecommunications towers including television broadcast towers for all television networks covering much of the Riverina region.
 Squak Mountain is the second most westerly mountain of the Issaquah Alps mountain chain in Washington state. It is situated between Cougar Mountain to the west and Tiger Mountain to the east. Interstate 90 parallels the base of the north side of the mountain. Much of the Squak Mountain watershed drains into Lake Sammamish. Most of the mountain is protected by Squak Mountain State Park and Cougar/Squak and Squak/Tiger Corridors of King County.
 The Sălaj River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Store Larstind is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Cinque Hommes Creek is a stream flowing through Perry County Missouri and emptying into the Mississippi River.
 The Welland River is a river in the Niagara Region of southern Ontario which flows from its headwaters south of Hamilton Ontario to empty into the Niagara River near the city of Niagara Falls Ontario. It drains an area of 880 km².The river was originally called the Chippawa Creek since it drained into Niagara River at Chippawa. Like many other places in Niagara it was renamed by John Graves Simcoe the first lieutenant governor of Upper Canada in 1792.
 Tainter Lake is a small reservoir in north central Dunn County Wisconsin on the Red Cedar River at its confluence with the Hay River. The lake was created by a hydroelectric dam (about 3 miles (5 km) downstream on the Red Cedar at Cedar Falls. The lake a popular resort and fishing spot has a surface area of approximately 2 square miles (5 km2).
 The Glastonbury Canal ran for just over 14 miles (23 km) through two locks from Glastonbury to Highbridge in Somerset England where it entered the River Parrett and from there the Bristol Channel. The canal was authorised by Parliament in 1827 and opened in 1834. It was operated by The Glastonbury Navigation & Canal Company. Most of it was abandoned as a navigation in 1854 when a railway was built along the towpath.
 The Desert Creek Mountains are a mountain range in Lyon County Nevada.
 The Caliuha River is a tributary of the Remezeu River in Romania.
 The Liberty Cap Glacier is a small glacier located near the summit of Mount Rainier Washington. True to its name the glacier does start at the 14100 feet (4300 m) Liberty Cap above the steep and rocky Sunset Amphitheater and the Mowich Face. Since the topography of Mount Rainier is very jagged and uneven the glacier is warped and twisted during its descent northward down to its terminus at about 11000 feet (3400 m).
 Skarddalseggi or Skardalseggje is a mountain in Jotunheimen National Park in Oppland Norway.
 Monte Consolino is a mountain in the Serre Calabresi range in the Vallata dello Stilaro of south-western Calabria in southern Italy. Monte Consolino has an altitude of 701 metres (2300 ft).GeographyAt the foot of Monte Consolino feet is the town of Stilo. The town of Pazzano is located nearby between this mountain and Monte Stella. Bivongi is also.
 Careys Peak is a peak in eastern Australia. At 1544 metres (5066 ft) above sea level it is one of the higher points in Barrington Tops National Park some 200 km north of Sydney. The Peak is at the edge of the Barrington Tops proper within the declared wilderness of the World Heritage Gondwana Rainforests of Australia.Wilderness streams such as the Allyn River and Williams River rise nearby. On a clear day the higher peaks of the Blue Mountains may be seen.
 The Azopardo River (Spanish: Río Azopardo) is a river in Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego Chile at the southern tip of South America. It flows in a westerly direction and drains the waters of Fagnano Lake (also called Cami Lake) into Almirantazgo Fjord.
 The Ilova River is a small tributary of the Berzasca River in Romania.
 Reelfoot Lake is a shallow natural lake located in the northwest portion of U.S. state of Tennessee. Much of it is really more of a swamp with bayou-like ditches (some natural some man-made) connecting more open bodies of water called basins the largest of which is called Blue Basin. Reelfoot Lake is noted for its bald cypress trees and its nesting pairs of bald eagles. It is the site of Reelfoot Lake State Park.
 Kaltenbach (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Sgùrr na Banachdaich is one of the main summits on the Black Cuillin ridge. Like the rest of the range it is composed of gabbro a rock with excellent grip for mountaineering.This is one of the easiest of the main Black Cuillin peaks to ascend. The simplest route ascends via Coire nan Eich from Glen Brittle.
 Cutler Reservoir is a reservoir located in Cache Valley in the U.S. state of Utah. It is an impoundment on the Bear River built for irrigation flood control and water supply. The concrete gravity-arch Cutler Dam built in 1927 is located in easternmost Box Elder County although the reservoir is almost entirely in Cache County to its east.
 The Butler Range is a subrange of the Finlay Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located on the west side of Finlay Reach in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Mayon Volcano also known as Mount Mayon is an active volcano in the province of Albay on the island of Luzon in the Philippines. Renowned as the perfect cone because of its almost symmetric conical shape the mountain was declared a national park and a protected landscape on July 20 1938 the first in the country.
 The Arin River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Nakki Lake is a lake situated in the Indian hill station of Mount Abu in Aravalli range.
 Obongsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 392 metres.
 The Motatán River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into Lake Maracaibo.
 Iecava is a river in Latvia. Iecava's source is formed from several springs near Daudzese village Jaunjelgava municipality. The river's mouth located 4 km below Jelgava city in Lielupe river.Iecava river is flowing through Taurkalne and Upmale low land where it has mainly wooded coasts.
 Khovd River (Mongolian: Ховд гол) is a river in Mongolia. It flows from Tavan Bogd mountain of the Altai Mountains to Khar-Us Lake. The length of the river is 516 kilometres.
 The Lamoille River is a river which runs through northern Vermont and drains into Lake Champlain. It is about 85 miles (137 km) in length and has a drainage area of around 706 square miles (1830 km2). The river generally flows southwest and then northwest from the water divide of the Green Mountains and is the namesake of Lamoille County Vermont. The river's valley also gave its name to the now-defunct Lamoille Valley Railroad Company successor to the St.
 Uglich Reservoir or Uglichskoye Reservoir (Russian: У́гличское водохрани́лище) is an artificial lake in the upper part of the Volga River formed by the Uglich Hydroelectric Station dam. It was built in 1939 in the town of Uglich. It is located in Tver and Yaroslavl Oblasts in central Russia.
 Bolshoy Kekuknaysky (Russian: Большой Кекукнайский) is a volcano located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It comprises two shield volcanoes: Bolshoy (1301 m) and Kekuknaysky (1401 m). Their lava flows and cinder cones have dammed a valley dissecting the mountain creating the Bolshoye Goltsovoye and Maloye Goltsovoe lakes. The last eruption occurred at Kekuk Crater about 7200 years ago.
 The Parimé River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Lentua is a medium-sized lake of Finland and it is the 57th biggest lake in Finland. It belongs to Oulujoki main catchment area and it is situated in Kuhmo municipality in the Kainuu region. There is a route around the lake for paddlers.
 Southwest Hunter Mountain (Leavitt Peak) is a subpeak of Hunter Mountain located in Greene County New York. SW Hunter is considered one of the Catskills' High Peaks in its own right because of its separation from the main summit and its topographic prominence.
 The Zglacu River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania
 The Whitbourn River is a river of the Otago Region of New Zealand's South Island. It is an upper tributary of the Dart River. The Whitbourn's entire length is within Mount Aspiring National Park.
 Nameless Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Țiganca River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania
 Sentinel Peak is located to the north-east of The Neck on New Zealand's South Island. At 1840 metres (6040 ft) it offers commanding views over Lake Wanaka and Lake Hāwea.A track leads up from a DOC campsite just to the west of Sawyer Burn. The track ends at Sawyer Burn Hut. There is no track above the hut but there are numerous possible routes. This hut offers rudimentary shelter and provides a good base for climbing the peak.
 The Itajaí-Mirim River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The North Fork Eel River is the smallest of four major tributaries of the Eel River in northwestern California in the United States. It drains a rugged wilderness area of about 286 square miles (740 km2) in the California Coast Ranges and flows through national forests for much of its length.
 Attel is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Cane Creek Mountains is a small mountain range that lies south of Burlington North Carolina. The range covers an area including Alamance County Guilford County Randolph County and Chatham County in North Carolina.
 Lake Zürich (Swiss German/Alemannic: Zürisee; German: Zürichsee) is a lake in Switzerland extending southeast of the city of Zürich. It is also known as the Lake of Zürich. It lies approximately at co-ordinates 47°15′N 8°41′E.Zürichsee is strictly the name of the part of the lake downstream of the dam at Rapperswil mostly located within the canton of Zürich. The part upstream of the Rapperswil dam is called Obersee and is shared between the cantons of St. Gallen and Schwyz.
 The Lapskojis is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 3.3 kilometres and has a basin area of 3.4 km².
 The Passo del Turchino is a mountain pass located between the cities of Masone and Mele in the Italian region Liguria. It is known for its annual appearance in the classic one-day cycling race Milan – San Remo and occasionally in other races. While in the early days of Milan – San Remo the Turchino contributed to deciding the winner of the race it is now not considered selective enough to break up a racing peloton.
 Mount Orizaba is the highest peak on Santa Catalina Island California United States. The summit is at 2097 feet (639 m). On January 10 1949 eight inches of snow fell on the mountain.
 The Sârbu River is a tributary of the Bobu River in Romania.
 Kutim (Russian: Кутим) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Uls River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 55 km. The area of drainage basin is 568 km². The source of the river is located near the border with Sverdlovsk Oblast. Main tributaries: Bolshaya Surya River Sredniy Kutim River Lyampa Kutimskaya River (left).
 Bromford Junction (grid reference SO996899) is a canal junction at the foot of the Spon Lane Locks where the Spon Lane Locks Branch meets the BCN New Main Line near Oldbury in the West Midlands England.
 Veslebjørn is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Mocho Mountains are a mountain range in south central Jamaica.
 The Avrămeni River is a tributary of the Başeu in Romania.
 The Ponoru River is a tributary of the Horezu River in Romania.
 Wilson Lake is the reservoir created by Wilson Dam as part of the Tennessee Valley Authority. The lake stretches from Wilson Dam to Wheeler Dam.
 Boundary Bald Mountain is a mountain located in Somerset County Maine about 7.5 mi (12.1 km) southeast of the United States-Canada border with Quebec. Boundary Bald Mountain is flanked to the east by Ironbound Mountain and to the west by Sandy Bay Mountain.The north side of Boundary Bald Mountain drains via Alder Brook Fish Brook and Hale Brook (east to west) into the South Branch of the Penobscot River then into the West Branch the main stem of the Penobscot and into Penobscot Bay.
 The Vistula Lagoon (Polish: Zalew Wiślany; Russian: Калининградский залив or Kaliningradskiy Zaliv; German: Frisches Haff; Lithuanian: Aistmarės) is a brackish water lagoon on the Baltic Sea roughly 56 miles (90 km) long 6 to 15 miles (10 to 19 km) wide and up to 17 feet (5 m) deep separated from Gdańsk Bay by the Vistula Spit. It is now known as the Vistula Bay or Vistula Gulf.
 Ruch (Russian: Ручь) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Veslyana River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 48 km. The area of drainage basin is 465 km². Main tributaries: Tuykos River (right) and Chuklya River (left).
 The Hohneck is the third highest summit of the Vosges Mountains and the highest point of Lorraine. On its summit stands a mountain hut clearly visible in the distance. Nearby the mountain's top is located the ski resort of La Bresse Hohneck.
 The Fizeș River (Hungarian: Füzes) is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Lake Oroville is a reservoir in the U.S. state of California formed by the Oroville Dam across the Feather River. The lake is situated in the foothills of the Sierra Nevada about 5 miles (8.0 km) northeast of Oroville. At over 3500000 acre feet (4.3 km3) it is one of the largest reservoirs in California after Shasta Lake. The lake is fed by the North Fork Middle Fork West Branch and South Forks of the Feather River.The lake has a 9000 ft (2700 m) diameter landing area for seaplanes.
 The Toirano Caves (Italian: Grotte di Toirano) are a remarkable karst cave system located in the municipality of Toirano in the province of Savona Liguria. They are some remarkable show caves of Italy and one of the most notables of the region.
 Laufskopf is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 Howard Prairie Lake is a reservoir located 4526 feet (1380 m) above sea level in Jackson County Oregon United States. It is 18 miles (29 km) east of Ashland. The lake is formed by the 100-foot (30 m) tall Howard Prairie Dam which impounds Beaver Creek in the Klamath River watershed.
 The Novo River (Rondônia) is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Wanda is a crater in the Akna Montes on Venus first mapped first by the Soviet Venera 15/16 mission in 1984. It was formed by the impact of an asteroid. The crater has a rugged central peak and a smooth radar-dark floor probably volcanic material. The crater does not appear to be much deformed by later crustal movement that uplifted the mountains and crumpled the plains. Material from the adjacent mountain ridge to the west however appears to have collapsed into the crater.
 Kawaikini is the highest point on the Hawaiian Island of Kauai and in Kauai County and measures 5226 feet (1593 m) in elevation. It is the summit of the island's inactive central shield volcano Mount Waialeale. Other peaks on Kauai include: Waialeale (5148 feet) Namolokama Mountain (4421 feet) Kalalau Lookout (4120 feet) Keanapuka Mountain (4120 feet) Haupu (2297 feet) and Nounou (1241 feet).
 The Negurici River is a tributary of the Ungureni River in Romania.
 The Stejar River (Hungarian: Szarvaság ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. Its name means Oak tree in Romanian andDeer Branch in Hungarian.
 The Das Pedras River (Itimitim River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Maunder is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just beyond the western limb. This region is sometimes brought into view during favorable librations but not much detail can be seen. The crater lies at the northern end of the Mare Orientale within the ring of mountains named Montes Rook and it is the largest crater on this lunar mare.
 Uturunku (Quechua for jaguar hispanicized spellings Uturunco Uturuncu) the highest summit in southwestern Bolivia is a stratovolcano located in the Potosí Department Sur Lípez Province San Pablo de Lípez Municipality. The volcano produced lava between 890000 and 271000 years ago with younger lavas found at higher altitudes.
 Wayna Potosí (Aymara wayna young (man) bachelor Quechua wayna young servant in love hispanicized spelling Huayna Potosí) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia about 4969 metres (16302 ft) high. It is situated in the Oruro Department Sajama Province Turku Municipality Turku Canton north west of Turku (Turco). The Turku River originates near the mountain. It is a left tributary of the Lauca River.
 Tindfjallajökull is a stratovolcano in the south of Iceland. It has erupted rocks of basaltic to rhyolitic composition and a 5-km-wide caldera was formed during the eruption of the 54000 year old Thórsmörk Ignimbrite.It is capped by a glacier of 19 km². Its highest peak is Ýmir (1462m) which takes its name from the giant Ýmir of Norse mythology. The most recent eruption was at an unknown time in the Holocene.The name means Tindfjöll glacier.
 Changi Creek Reservoir is a small service reservoir located to the north of Singapore Changi Airport in Singapore. The reservoir supplements and provides backup water supply for the airport. It was formed by damming the headwaters of a small river Changi Creek which empties into Sungei Changi and thence into the Serangoon Harbour.Rainfall from the runways and surrounding green areas is collected in the nearby South End Reservoir.
 The Verdon is a 166 km long river in south-eastern France left tributary of the Durance. Its source is at an altitude of 2819 m in the south-western Alps (Alpes-de-Haute-Provence) between the col d'Allos and the Trois Eveches mountain south of Barcelonnette.
 Elm Creek (Brazos River) is a river in Texas.
 The Chimantá Massif is a highly fragmented complex of tepuis in Bolívar state Venezuela. The massif comprises around 11 tepuis and has a total summit area of 615 km2 (237 sq mi) and an estimated slope area of 915 km2 (353 sq mi). It is divided in two by the Río Tírica with the northern section being both larger and higher. The massif is notable for its high species richness and for its varied habitat types.
 Mount Liberty is a 4459-foot (1359 m) high mountain in the White Mountains of New Hampshire. It is part of Franconia Ridge a minor mountain range overlooking Franconia Notch whose highest summit is Mount Lafayette.
 The Zăbala River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Arişoaia and Zăbăluţa
 Großer Wilder is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Elkhorn Mountains are a mountain range in southwestern Montana part of the Rocky Mountains and are roughly 300000 acres (1200 km²) in size. It is an inactive volcanic mountain range with the highest point being Crow Peak at 9414 ft (2869 m) right next to Elkhorn Peak 9381 ft (2859 m). The range is surrounded by the cities of Helena Montana City Townsend Whitehall and Boulder and is part of the Helena National Forest in Montana's Jefferson County.
 The Manggahan Floodway is an artificially constructed waterway in Metro Manila the Philippines. The floodway was built in 1986 with the cost of 1.1 billion pesos in order to reduce the flooding along the Pasig River during the rainy season by diverting the peak water flows of the Marikina River to the Laguna de Bay which serves as a temporary reservoir.
 Thornthwaite Crag is a fell in the English Lake District standing to the west of Haweswater Reservoir. It is a focal point of the Far Eastern Fells standing at the head of several valleys.
 Heidenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Baú River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Mount Bailey elevation 9089 ft (2770 m) is a summit in the Front Range of central Colorado. The mountain is located 1 mi (1.6 km) northeast of Bailey in Park County.
 Sykia (Greek: Συκιά Sykia) is a small doline in Attica Greece.The doline which has a depth of about 20 metres (66 ft) has been known since the mid-1940s and is located near the Hymettan peak of Korakovouni at an altitude of approximately 300 m above sea level. It takes its name from the fig tree growing in the debris cone on the doline floor.
 Montes Cordillera is a mountain range on the Moon. This feature forms the outer wall of peaks that surround the Mare Orientale impact basin the inner ring being formed by the Montes Rook. The center of the range is located at selenographic coordinates 17.5° S 81.6° W and the diameter is 574 km (357 mi).This range of peaks lies across the southwestern limb of the Moon so that they are observed from the side from Earth. The western extreme is approximately 116° W on the far side of the Moon.
 The Namsenfjorden or Namsfjorden is a fjord in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The 35-kilometre (22 mi) long fjord flows along the border between the municipalities of Namsos Namdalseid and Flatanger. It runs southeast from the Folda between the mainland in the south and the island of Otterøya in the north past the island of Hoddøya to the Namsen river estuary in the town of Namsos. The banks of the fjord are mostly wooded and not very high.
 Lake Mathews is a large reservoir in Riverside County California located in the Cajalco Valley in the foothills of the Temescal Mountains. It is the western terminus for the Colorado River Aqueduct that provides much of the water used by the cities and water districts of the Metropolitan Water District of Southern California. The reservoir is fenced and closed to all public access.
 Imeon Range (Bulgarian: Хребет Имеон ‘Hrebet Imeon’ \'hre-bet i-me-'on\) (62°58′30″S 62°30′20″W) is a mountain range occupying the interior of Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. Extending 30 km in southwest-northeast direction between Cape James and Cape Smith and 6.8 km wide.
 The Great Balsam Mountains or Balsam Mountains are in the mountain region of western North Carolina United States. The Great Balsams are a subrange of the Blue Ridge Mountains which in turn are a part of the Appalachian Mountains.
 The Șilindru River is a tributary of the Salcia River in Romania.
 Cockle Creek is a 3.5-mile-long (5.6 km) stream in Chincoteague Virginia between Chincoteague Inlet to the south and Chincoteague Bay to the north. It was the site of a naval battle during the Civil War the Battle of Cockle Creek.
 Garn Boduan is an Iron Age hill fort and hill near Nefyn on the Llŷn Peninsula in Wales. In a survey in the 1950s the traces of over 170 round houses were identified on this site and around 100 round houses are still visible on the ground. Between 100 and 400 people may have lived in this fort. The lower stone rampart is the original defence built in the Iron Age. At a later date perhaps in the 6th/7th century AD a smaller rampart was built on the eastern side.
 Mount Dana is a small stratovolcano of the Alaska Peninsula United States located northeast of Canoe Bay inlet at the head of Pavlof Bay. It was the source for a major eruption about 3840 years ago that produced a pyroclastic flow that filled valleys south and west of the volcano's crater and reached the sea at Canoe Bay.
 The Raidak River (also called Wang Chhu or Wong Chhu in Bhutan) is a tributary of the Brahmaputra River and a trans-boundary river flows through Bhutan India and Bangladesh.
 Horsethief Basin Lake is located near Crown King in central Arizona. The lake features a dam which is open to pedestrians and anglers.
 The West Branch Narraguagus River is a river in Maine. From its source (44°48′51″N 68°06′33″W) in Maine Township 22 MD Hancock County the river runs 25.2 miles (40.6 km) southeast to its confluence with the Narraguagus River in Cherryfield Washington County.
 Eagle Peak is a mountain in Catron County western New Mexico United States near the town of Reserve. The summit is the highest point in the Tularosa Mountains.
 The Arctic Red River is the name of a tributary to the Mackenzie River in the Northwest Territories Canada.In 1993 the river was designated as part of the Canadian Heritage Rivers System. It was also the name of a community on the Mackenzie where the river joins now known as Tsiigehtchic. The Dempster Highway crosses the Mackenzie at this point.The Arctic Red River's headwaters are in the Mackenzie Mountains from where it flows 500 km (310 mi) northwest to its confluence with the Mackenzie.
 San Emigdio Creek formerly Arroyo de San Emigdio (Spanish for Saint Emygdius Creek) is a stream in western Kern County central California.
 The Râul Târgului is a tributary of the Râul Doamnei in Romania. It is formed at the junction of headwaters: Cuca and Bătrâna
 Lake Wallula is a reservoir on the Columbia River in the United States between the U.S. states of Washington and Oregon. It was created in 1954 with the construction of McNary Dam. It reaches from McNary Dam near the city of Umatilla Oregon to the Tri-Cities of Washington.
 Bancroft is a small bowl-shaped impact crater located to the southwest of Archimedes on the Mare Imbrium. A wide shallow depression runs from the rim of Bancroft southeast to the Montes Archimedes. There are some clefts at the edge of the mare to the west and southwest of the crater.Bancroft was previously identified as Archimedes A before being renamed by the IAU.
 Laguna Honda is a reservoir on the southwest shoulder of Mount Sutro in San Francisco California U.S.A..
 Keelut is a crater on Jupiter's moon Callisto. It is situated near the south pole and is an example of a central pit impact crater. It measures 47 km across. In the upper part of the image degraded Reginleif crater is visible.
 The Capivari River (Tietê River) (Portuguese Rio Capivari) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Tietê River.
 The Paquequer River (Teresópolis) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Junc River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Keurusselkä is a lake in Central Finland between the towns of Keuruu to the north and Mänttä to the south. It covers an area of 117.3 km2 (45.3 sq mi). Its average depth is 6.4 m (21 ft) with a maximum depth of 40 m (130 ft). The surface lies at 105.4 m (346 ft) above sea level. The lake is 27 km (17 mi) long and is a part of the Kokemäenjoki water system.
 Jach'a Jawira (Aymara jach'a big great jawira river great river hispanicized spelling Jachcha Jahuira) is a Bolivian river east of Poopó Lake in the Potosí Department Rafael Bustillo Province Chuqi Uta Municipality.
 The Concho River is a river in the U.S. state of Texas. Concho is Spanish for shell; the river was so named due to its abundance of freshwater mussels such as the Tampico pearly mussel (Cyrtonaias tampicoensis).
 The Benicito River is a river of Bolivia.
 Skjorta is a mountain in the municipality of Nesset in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The mountain is located 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) southeast of the Eresfjorden 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the lake Eikesdalsvatnet and the mountain Fløtatinden 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of the Eira River and the village of Eresfjord and 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) west of the municipal border with Sunndal. From the summit there is a view of Mardalsfossen about 20 kilometres (12 mi) to the south.
 Jatbong is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 537 m (1762 ft).
 The Pogoana River is a tributary of the Dobra River in Romania.
 Goldensee is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 36.1 m its surface area is 0.94 km².
 James Peak elevation 13300 ft (4100 m) is a summit in the Front Range of north central Colorado. The mountain is southeast of Winter Park at the juncture of Clear Creek Grand and Gilpin counties. The peak is the highest point in Gilpin County and the James Peak Wilderness.James Peak is named after Dr. Edwin James the botanist on Major Stephen H. Long's expedition of 1820.
 The Zimba elevation 2645 m (8678 ft) is the most familiar mountain in the Austrian mountain range called Rätikon. Located in the hinterland of Bludenz this horn is the landmark of Montafon valley and especially of the main village of Schruns. Three ridges and three walls emphasize the shapeliness of the form. The eastern ridge is one of the most familiar climbing routes of the whole Rätikon range but the normal way leads along the western ridge.
 The River Tiddy (Cornish: Teudhi) is a small river in south-east Cornwall the main tributary of the River Lynher. The Tiddy rises near Pensilva and flows south east past the village of Tideford until it joins the Lynher. The name of Tideford derives from its location on the river literally meaning Ford on the River Tiddy.
 Mount Carihuairazo (also Carihuayrazo) is a volcanic caldera neighboured by Ecuador's highest mountain Chimborazo.
 Murchison is a lunar crater on the north edge of the Sinus Medii named in honour of the geologist Sir Roderick Murchison. It shares a section of rim with the crater Pallas. To the southeast on the mare is the circular crater Chladni and to the northeast is Ukert. Farther to the east is the prominent Triesnecker. Murchison lies astride the lunar zenith line i.e. the starting longitude of the selenographic coordinate system.
 Teton Pass is a high mountain pass in the western United States located at the southern end of the Teton Range of western Wyoming between the towns of Wilson Wyoming and Victor Idaho. The pass provides access from the Jackson Hole valley to the Teton Valley of eastern Idaho which includes the access route to Grand Targhee Resort through Driggs Idaho.
 The Buffalo River or Mzinyathi (Zulu: uMzinyathi; Afrikaans: Buffelsrivier) is the largest tributary of the Thukela River (Tugela River) in South Africa. Its source is in Majuba Hill Hill of Doves in Zulu language located northeast of Volksrust close to the Mpumalanga / KwaZulu-Natal border. It follows a southerly route into KwaZulu-Natal past Newcastle then turns southeast past Rorke's Drift before joining the Tugela River (Thukela) at Ngubevu near Nkandla.
 The Makara River is a tributary of the Huangarua River part of the Ruamahanga River system in New Zealand. It flows north from the Aorangi Range reaching the Huangarua to the south of Martinborough.
 The Big Hatchet Mountains are an 18 mi (29 km) long mountain range in southeast Hidalgo County New Mexico adjacent the northern border of Chihuahua state Mexico.The range lies just south of a westerly excursion of the Continental Divide of the Americas; it lies on the eastern perimeter of the extensive narrow and north-south Playas Valley and is the center range of three mostly arid low to moderate-elevation ranges that lie on the valley's east perimeter.
 Bay Lake is a body of water located in the Brainerd Lakes region of Minnesota. The lake has a surface area of 2319.84 acres (9 km2) and approximately 19 miles (31 km) of shoreline. The maximum depth of the lake is 74 feet (23 m) with a water clarity of 24 feet (7 m).
 Xenophanes is a lunar crater that is located along the northwestern limb of the Moon. It is nearly attached to Volta a similar formation to the south-southwest. To the northeast is the smaller crater Cleostratus. Xenophanes is significantly foreshortened when viewed from the Earth hindering observation.It is a worn and eroded crater with a battered outer rim that is overlaid by several smaller craters.
 Lake Ovid is a reservoir located within Sleepy Hollow State Park Michigan which was created in 1974 when a dam was built to block the Little Maple River. Lake Ovid is a shallow lake with an average depth of ten feet. The deepest areas of the lake do not exceed thirty feet.Many freshwater fish live in the lake including Largemouth Bass Smallmouth Bass Bluegill Rock Bass Crappie Channel Catfish Muskellunge(Muskie) and Northern Pike.
 Yerevan Lake (Armenian: Երևանյան լիճ) is an artificial reservoir located in the capital of Armenia in Yerevan. It was formed between 1963-1966 an opened in 1967.
 Korovuli River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Pyzh (Russian: Пыж [pɨʒ]) is a small river in Perm Krai Russia which flows in the city of Perm and nearby Permsky District and is the longest left tributary of the Mulyanka River. The border of Perm is partially goes along it. The length of the Pyzh is 22 km.Pyzh is subject to pollution with industrial waste of JSC LUKOIL-Permnefteorgsintez.
 The Catskill Mountains or the Catskills are a large area in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of New York. They are located approximately 100 miles north-northwest of New York City and forty miles southwest of Albany starting just west of the Hudson River. The Catskills occupy much or all of five counties (Delaware Greene Schoharie Sullivan and Ulster).
 Miramar Reservoir is a reservoir located in the Scripps Miramar Ranch community of San Diego California. Owned operated and maintained by the City of San Diego the reservoir was completed in 1960 as part of the second San Diego Aqueduct project.
 Mount Owen (12928 feet (3940 m)) is the second highest peak in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is named after William O. Owen who organized the first documented ascent of the Grand Teton in 1898. Mount Owen is part of the Cathedral Group of high Teton peaks a collection of peaks in the central section of the range that are particularly rugged.
 Schmale Sinn is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Scarrow Beck is a minor watercourse which rises in the north of the English county of Norfolk. It is a tributary of the River Bure. It's spring is in the North Norfolk village of Aylmerton west of the main street. It eventually merges after 7.7 miles (12.4 km) with the River Bure at Ingworth just north of the Blickling Hall estate. There are two watermills on the beck both of which are no longer in working order.
 Besh-Tash Lake (Kyrgyz: Беш Таш) is a rock-dammed lake in Talas Province of Kyrgyzstan. It is located at the altitude of about 3000 m in riverbed of Besh-Tash river left tributary of Talas River.
 The Găinăria River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Atabapo River is a river of Venezuela and Colombia. It forms the international boundary between the two countries for much of its length. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Proviantbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Ago di Sciora is a mountain in the Bregaglia Range of the Alps located south of Vicosoprano in the canton of Graubünden. It forms a sharp needle in the middle of the Sciora group.
 Mont Ham is a mountain belonging to the Southern Notre Dame Mountains in Quebec Canada. The mountain exhibits an elevation of 713 m and a prominence of 358 m. Marked trails on the mountain permit visitors a 360 degree view of the surrounding landscape. The park is open year round and offers snowshoeing cross-country skiing disc golf and camping facilities.
 The Kwun Yótasi Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located north of Tchentlo Lake and Nation Lakes in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Castle Rock Glacier is in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated south of Castle Rock Mountain in the Beartooth Mountains. The glacier terminus is a proglacial lake and the glacier extends from 11700 to 11000 ft (3600 to 3400 m).
 Skrzyczne is a mountain in southern Poland in the Silesian Voivodeship close to the town of Szczyrk. It is the highest mountain of the Silesian Beskids.Skrzyczne is one of the Polish Crown Peaks.The outskirts of Szczyrk can be reached by a two-stage chairlift. On the mountain slopes a lot of bilberries grow and these are picked and sold on roadsides.
 Clinton Lake is a reservoir on the southwestern edge of Lawrence Kansas. The lake was created by the construction of the Clinton Dam and the 35 square miles (91 km²) of land and water is maintained by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
 The Salmon River is a 33.9-mile (55 km) river in Oregon's Cascade Range and drains a portion of southwestern Mount Hood. The entire length of the river is protected National Wild and Scenic River the only such river in the contiguous 48 states of the United States.Several portions are in protected wilderness. It is affluent to the Sandy River.
 Jansky is a lunar impact crater that lies along the eastern limb of the Moon. It lies due east of the larger walled plain Neper along the southern edge of the Mare Marginis. Due to its location this crater is viewed from the side from Earth limiting the amount of detail that can be observed. The visibility is also affected by libration which can completely conceal this formation from view.This is a worn crater with an eroded rim.
 Römer is a lunar impact crater that is located to the north of the Sinus Amoris in the northeast section of the Moon. It lies in the southwestern part of the mountainous region named the Montes Taurus. To the west-northwest is the crater-bay Le Monnier on the eastern edge of Mare Serenitatis.The rim of Römer has relatively high walls with a terraced inner surface.
 Tosseta Rasa is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1219 metres above sea level.
 Tata Sabaya is a stratovolcano in Bolivia. It is located at the northern end of the Salar de Coipasa which lies in the Altiplano. It also lies at eastern end of a line of volcanoes starting with Isluga in the west and continuing with Cabaray. Its last eruption date is unknown but it is assigned to the Holocene due to the youthful appearance of the mountain. Tata Sabaya consists of three separate features.
 The Wengen Jungfrau is a summit of the Bernese Alps north of the Jungfrau on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. Because of its small prominence it was included in the enlarged list of alpine four-thousanders.
 The Macmillan River is a tributary approximately 320 kilometres (200 mi) long of the Pelly River in the Yukon Territory of northwestern Canada. It originates in the Mackenzie Mountains and flows in a generally westward direction. The river's watershed extends over 13800 square kilometres (5300 sq mi) and its average discharge is about 190 cubic metres per second (6700 cu ft/s).
 The Tauanui River is a river of the South Wairarapa District of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from its source in the Aorangi Range to reach the Ruamahanga River close to the southern end of Lake Wairarapa.
 The Postal River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows west from the Fenian Range reaching the Oparara River five kilometres northeast of Karamea. The Postal River's entire length is within Kahurangi National Park.
 Camp Lake (located at 57°2′N 135°5′W) is a small snow-melt and rain-fed lake that feeds into the Blue Lake watershed on Baranof Island in the Alexander Archipelago in the Alaskan Panhandle. Camp Lake is a popular destination for the first night on the Baranof Cross-Island Trail due to its surrounding alpine meadow and the beautifully clear nature of the lake.
 Great Crag is a fell in the English Lake District located near the hamlets of Rosthwaite and Stonethwaite in Borrowdale.
 The Vâlcea River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mare River in Romania.
 Rapid River is a 17.0-mile-long (27.4 km) river in Kalkaska County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The river empties into the Torch River at the community of Torch River just south of Torch Lake.
 Sälzerbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Kundadri [Kannada: ಕುಂದಾದ್ರಿ ] is a mountain peak with dense forests in the Western Ghats in South India (Karnataka State). This well-preserved land of Karnataka is home to 17th century Jain temple that is not much given to architecture. Two small silent ponds formed by the rock on one side of this temple leave you wondering at its presence on this height. Throughout the year you can find lotus flowers in the pool which is also a breeding ground for some fishes- both large and small
 The Tatoosh Range is a mountain range located in Mount Rainier National Park and the adjacent Tatoosh Wilderness in the state of Washington in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States. The range runs roughly east–west beginning with the southeastern Tatoosh Peak and concluding with the western Eagle Peak. The range includes 13 prominent named peaks.
 The Varieș River is a tributary of the Gepiu River in Romania.
 Jiu (Romanian pronunciation: [ʒiw] Latin: Rabon) is a river of southern Romania. It is formed near Petroşani by the junction of headwaters Jiul de Vest and Jiul de Est. It flows southward through the Romanian counties Hunedoara Gorj and Dolj before flowing into the Danube a few kilometers upstream from the Bulgarian city of Oryahovo 339 kilometers from its sources. It has a basin of 10080 km².The upper Jiu Valley around Petroșani and Lupeni is Romania’s principal coal mining region.
 South Arkansas River is a 24.5-mile-long (39.4 km) tributary of the Arkansas River that flows from a source near Monarch Pass in the Sawatch Range of southern Colorado. It joins the Arkansas just south of Salida Colorado.
 The Bear Paw Mountains (aka Bear's Paw or Bearpaws Mountains) are an insular-montane island range in North-Central Montana USA located approximately 10 miles south of Havre Montana. Baldy Mountain which rises 6916 feet (2108 meters) above sea level is the highest peak in the range.The Bears Paw Mountains extend in a 45-mile arc between the Missouri River and Rocky Boy’s Indian Reservation south of Havre.
 Skorpa i Hol is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Itajaí do Norte River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Comarnicele din Cheia River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 Bobs Lake is a lake in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in the township of North Frontenac Frontenac County in eastern Ontario Canada.The lake is about 580 metres (1903 ft) long and 320 metres (1050 ft) wide lies at an elevation of 264 metres (866 ft) and is located about 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast of the community of Ompah on the decommissioned Ontario Highway 509.
 The Ulster Canal is a disused canal running through part of County Armagh County Tyrone and County Fermanagh in Northern Ireland and County Monaghan in the Republic of Ireland. In the early 19th century the idea of linking the lowlands around Lough Neagh with the Erne Basin and the River Shannon system became popular with the more progressive landowners and merchants of Armagh Monaghan and Fermanagh. The Ulster Canal was built between 1825 and 1842 and was 74 km (46 mi) long with 26 locks.
 The Caliente Range is a west-east trending zone of uplift mountains in the Pacific Coast Ranges in central California. They are home to 5106 foot (1556 meter) Caliente Mountain the highest peak in San Luis Obispo County California.
 The Urlățelu River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 The Tyrol Schistose Alps (Tiroler Schieferalpen in German) are a mountain range located in Austria.
 Gragareth is a mountain in Lancashire England. At 627 metres (2057 ft) it is claimed to be the highest point in Lancashire although Green Hill (628 metres (2060 ft)) 2 km north and on the Lancashire-Cumbria border takes this title in List of English counties by highest point.
 Mount Moffit is a peak in the Alaska Range in central Alaska United States about 10 miles (16 km) east-southeast of Mount Hayes. It is notable for its steep faces and large relief above local terrain. For example the north face drops 7400 feet in approximately 1.2 miles (2 km) horizontal distance. William Shand Jr. Benjamin Ferris Jr. and Sterling Hendricks made the first ascent of Mount Moffit on August 12 1942.
 The River Torrens /ˈtɒrənz/ is the most significant river of the Adelaide Plains and was one of the reasons for the siting of the city of Adelaide capital of South Australia. It flows 85 kilometres (53 mi) from its source in the Adelaide Hills near Mount Pleasant across the Adelaide Plains past the city centre and empties into Gulf St Vincent between Henley Beach South and West Beach.
 The Jacu River is a river in the Rio Grande do Norte and Paraíba states in eastern Brazil.
 The Opouawe River is a river of the Wairarapa in the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. One of the North Island's southernmost rivers it flows generally south to reach Cook Strait close to Te Kaukau Point 12 kilometres northeast of Cape Palliser
 Mount Hope elevation 13939 ft (4249 m) is a summit in the Collegiate Peaks of central Colorado. The mountain is southwest of Twin Lakes in the San Isabel National Forest.
 The Iarcoș River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Angel's Perch at 11687 feet (3562 m) above sea level is the 11th highest peak in the Pioneer Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest and Custer County. It is the 32nd highest peak in Idaho and less than 2.3 mi (3.7 km) northwest of Standhope Peak.
 Bilstein is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The South Newport River is a 42.6-mile-long (68.6 km) river on the Atlantic coastal plain in the U.S. state of Georgia. It rises in Long County 3 miles (5 km) south of Walthourville and flows east-southeast becoming the boundary between Liberty and McIntosh counties. It flows into Sapelo Sound an arm of the Atlantic Ocean south of St. Catherines Island.
 Needle Rock is an intrusive of rhyodacite volcanic plug located at the west border of the Gunnison National Forest in the Needle Rock Natural Area near Crawford in the U.S. state of Colorado. It stands 800 feet (240 m) tall above the floor of the Smith Fork of the Gunnison River valley. It originated as the throat of a large volcano about 28 million years ago in the Miocene geological epoch when molten rock intruded between existing sedimentary rocks.
 Frobisher Bay is a relatively large inlet of the Labrador Sea in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut Canada. It is located in the southeastern corner of Baffin Island. Its length is about 230 km (140 mi) and its width varies from about 40 km (25 mi) at its outlet into the Labrador Sea to roughly 20 km (12 mi) towards its inner end.The capital of Nunavut Iqaluit (known as Frobisher Bay until 1987) lies near the innermost end of the bay.
 Punta Sommeiller (in Italian) or Pointe Sommeiller (in French) is a mountain of the Province of Turin Italy and of Savoie France. It lies in the Cottian Alps range. It has an elevation of 3333 metres above sea level.
 Lakeside Lake is located at Chuck Ford-Lakeside Park in east Tucson Arizona United States on the northwest corner of Stella Road and Sarnoff Drive.
 The East Branch Brandywine Creek is a 27.4-mile-long (44.1 km) tributary of Brandywine Creek in Chester County Pennsylvania in the United States.
 Lucille Lake is a small alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake although it is most easily accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 092.Lucille Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 Kintla Lake is a lake in the northwestern portion of Glacier National Park in Montana. The lake is located in a rather remote portion of the park close to the Canadian border. The lake is a 40 mi (64 km) drive from the west entrance along bumpy dirt roads but the scenery on the way is spectacular.
 The Valea Fântânilor River is a tributary of the Sodom River in Romania.
 The Petite Rivière de l'Anse La Raye is a river of Saint Lucia.
 Illinois River is a tributary of the Michigan River approximately 71 miles (114 km) long in Jackson County in north central Colorado. It drains part of the North Park basin south of Walden.The Illinois River starts in the Never Summer Mountains near the continental divide just south of Farview Mountain. It descends northward through a winding gorge emerging into North Park at approximately 8000 feet (2400 m) above sea level.
 The Valea Peșterii River is a tributary of the Cârpeștii Mici River in Romania.The Tăşad Cave is located on the right bank of the river near its confluence with the Cârpeștii Mici River. The main access to the cave is from the village of Tăşad following the river valley.
 The Ter is a river in Catalonia (northeastern of the Iberian Peninsula) that rises in Ulldeter at an approximate altitude of 2400 meters at the foot of a glacial cirque delimited by the nearby peaks of el Bastiments el Gra de Fajol or el Pic de la Dona. It runs through the comarques of Ripollès Osona Selva Gironès and Baix Empordà discharging into the Mediterranean Sea at l'Estartit.
 Kallavesi is a medium-sized lake in Northern Savonia eastern Finland located around the town of Kuopio. Combined with the lakes Suvasvesi Juurusvesi–Akonvesi Muuruvesi Melavesi and Riistavesi Kallavesi forms an 890 square kilometres (340 sq mi) lake system named Iso-Kalla.
 The James River (also known as the Jim River or the Dakota River) is a tributary of the Missouri River approximately 710 mi (1143 km) long draining an area of 20653 square miles (53490 km2) in the U.S. states of North Dakota and South Dakota. The river provides the main drainage of the flat lowland area of the Dakotas between the two plateau regions known as the Coteau du Missouri and the Coteau des Prairies.
 Irsbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Marviken is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Union Valley Reservoir is a reservoir in eastern El Dorado County California about 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Placerville. The 277000 acre feet (342000000 m3) lake is in El Dorado National Forest in the Sierra Nevada at an elevation of 4870 feet (1480 m). It was formed in 1963 by the 453-foot (138 m) high earth and rockfill Union Valley Dam on Silver Creek which is a tributary of the American River.
 Downs Glacier is located in Shoshone National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the east of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range. The glacier is 1 mi (1.6 km) south of Downs Mountain and sits at an elevation of between 12600 and 11200 ft (3800 and 3400 m). Downs Glacier is one of many glaciers found in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness and is part of the largest grouping of glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains.
 Moos is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Emory Peak located in Big Bend National Park is the highest peak in the Chisos Mountains. and the highest in Brewster County. The peak is named for William H. Emory the chief surveyor of the U.S. Boundary Survey team of 1852. From the Chisos Basin the peak appears to be a minor ridge while the summit of Casa Grande one mile closer seems to be much taller.
 The Flămânda River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Rahajärvi (also: Raahajärvi) is a medium-sized lake in the Paatsjoki main catchment area. It is located in the municipality of Inari in the region Lapland in Finland. The lake has major and minor part. It is situated quite near the Finnish National Road 4.
 Cooloolabin Dam is located to the west of Yandina in the headwaters of the South Maroochy River waterway.
 Currahee Mountain is a mountain located in Stephens County Georgia near Toccoa. The name appears to be derived from the Cherokee word ᏊᏩᎯ (quu-wa-hi) meaning stand alone.Technically a part of the Georgia Piedmont or foothill province Currahee Mountain rises abruptly about 800 vertical feet (240 m) above the local topography and is the highest peak in Stephens County. Part of the mountain is in the Chattahoochee National Forest.
 Big Pond is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Caopo River is a tributary of the Minjiang River in Wenchuan County Sichuan Province China. It is interrupted by the Shapai Dam.
 Tirsuli is a Himalayan mountain peak in the Pithoragarh district of Kumaon Uttarakhand India. It is part of the complex of mountains including Tirsuli West Hardeol Dunagiri Changabang and Kalanka which make up the northeast wall of the Nanda Devi Sanctuary in the Garhwal Himalaya. It rises at the northern end of the Johar Valley which drains into the Ghori Ganga.
 Sandy Creek (Navidad River) is a river in Texas.
 Lake Burdur (Turkish: Burdur Gölü) is a large saline lake of tectonic origin positioned at the frontier between Burdur and Isparta provinces in southwestern Turkey. It is located at around 37.75°N 30.18°E﻿ / 37.75; 30.18. It has an area of 250.00 km² and maximum depth variously reported at between 50 and 110 m. Water level in the lake fluctuates.
 The Zăbrătău River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 The Plavișevița River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Lake Manitou is a man-made lake in Rochester Indiana created in 1767 by the Potowatomi Native American tribe. The lake contains about 775 acres (3.14 km2) of open water with a maximum depth of 65 feet (20 m).
 The Windley River is a river in the Eyre Mountains New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Oreti River joining that river 6 km north-east of Centre Hill.
 The Sarcherștița River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Col du Tourmalet (2115 m / 6939 ft) is the highest road in the central Pyrenees in the department of Hautes-Pyrénées in France. Sainte-Marie-de-Campan is at the foot on the eastern side and the ski station La Mongie two-thirds of the way up. The village of Barèges lies on the western side above the town of Luz-Saint-Sauveur.Tourmalet is also a cheese made from sheep milk produced in these mountains.
 Glenns Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Glenns Lake is a long narrow lake located between Cosley Ridge and Whitecrow Mountain in the northeastern region of Glacier National Park. Mokowanis Lake is .50 miles (0.80 km) south of Glenns Lake.
 The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Ostbach (Else) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Lapoș River is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
 The Lac qui Parle River is a tributary of the Minnesota River 118 miles (190 km) long in southwestern Minnesota in the United States. A number of tributaries of the river including its largest the West Branch Lac qui Parle River also flow in eastern South Dakota. Via the Minnesota River the Lac qui Parle River is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 1156 square miles (2990 km2) in an agricultural region.
 Mary Lake is a small freshwater man-made lake in Redding California. It is located near the Mary Lake Subdivision on the west side of Redding off Buenaventura Boulevard. Its inflow and outflow is Jenny Creek which flows into the Sacramento River.Mary Lake was previously known as Falks Lake.
 Darwin Glacier is a mountain glacier located on the north side of Mount Darwin in the Sierra Nevada California. The glacier is located in Kings Canyon National Park. The glacier inherited its name from Mount Darwin named for Charles Robert Darwin.In 2004 a study found that since 1900 Darwin Glacier had lost half its surface area.
 Smørstabbtindene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Mount Barnard is a mountain in California and has the dubious distinction of being the highest thirteener a peak between 13000 and 13999 feet (4267 m) in elevation in the United States. It is located on the Sierra Crest and straddles the boundary between Tulare and Inyo counties about 2 miles (3 km) southwest of Mount Williamson the second highest peak in the state. Mount Barnard is the twelfth highest peak in California.The first ascent was by John Hunter William Hunter and C.
 Lago di Levico is a lake in Trentino Italy. At an elevation of 440 m its surface area is 1.164 km².
 There is also a suburb of Cairns Queensland named Mount Sheridan.Mount Sheridan el. 10298 feet (3139 m) is a prominent mountain peak overlooking Heart Lake in the Red Mountains of Yellowstone National Park. The peak is named in honor of General Philip H. Sheridan U.S. Army one of the early protectors of the park.
 The Berounka is a river in the Czech Republic. It carries the name Mže (German: Mies) from its source in Germany next to the Czech border until its confluence with the Radbuza in Pilsen.
 Capitol Lake is a 3 kilometer long 260-acre (1.1 km2) artificial lake at the mouth of Deschutes River in Tumwater/Olympia Washington. The Olympia Brewery sits on Capitol Lake in Tumwater just downstream from where the Tumwater Falls meet the lake. The Washington State Department of General Administration manages the lake as part of The Washington State Capitol Campus.
 Template:See homonymsThe Serpentine River flows from the unorganized territory of Lac-Lapeyrère Quebec located in the Portneuf Regional County Municipality in the administrative region of the Capitale-Nationale in the province of Quebec Canada. Its course is entirely in the forest zone. The surface of the river is usually frozen from November till April.This river of Batiscanie has a length of 2.3 km (by water) from its source in Lake Genest.
 Lake Superior (French: Lac Supérieur) is the largest of the Great Lakes of North America. The lake is bounded by Ontario and Minnesota to the north and west and Wisconsin and Michigan to the south. It is generally considered the largest freshwater lake in the world by surface area. It is the world's third-largest freshwater lake by volume and the largest by volume in North America.
 The Alceu River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 The Cheud River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Lockwood Reservoir is located in Walthamstow in the London Borough of Waltham Forest. It is one of the ten Walthamstow Reservoirs which are part of the Lee Valley Reservoir Chain. The reservoirs supply drinking water to London and are owned by Thames Water.
 The Iezer River is a tributary of the Ighiu River in Romania.
 The Vacas Heladas River is a river of Chile.
 The Ciolac River is a tributary of the Bașeu River in Romania.
 Sunrise Lake is a 257-acre (1.04 km2) water body located in Strafford County in eastern New Hampshire in the town of Middleton. The lake was originally known as Dump Reservoir. Water from Sunrise Lake flows to the Cocheco River part of the Piscataqua River watershed.
 The San Joaquin Hills are a set of low hills in coastal Orange County California. They extend in a northwest-southeast direction starting in the northwest in Newport Beach at the southern edge of the Los Angeles Basin and extending southeast to San Juan Capistrano.
 Bromaghin Peak at 10225 feet (3117 m) above sea level is the fourth highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is in Sawtooth National Recreation Area about 0.6 miles (0.97 km) north-northwest of the range's highest point Saviers Peak. The peak is named for Captain Ralph Bromaghin who was a member of the 10th Mountain Division and a Sun Valley ski instructor who died in World War II.
 The Crocna River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 The Valea lui Moise River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 The Guilarte River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Drăgoi River is a tributary of the Inzel River in Romania.
 Huahum Pass (Spanish: Paso Huahum Spanish pronunciation: [waˈum] Pronounced: /wɑːuːm/ WAH-oom) is an international mountain pass in the Andes between Chile and Argentina. The pass takes its name from the Huahum River that flows from Argentina into Chile at the site of the border crossing. Even though the pass does not go through the continental divide it crosses the highest peaks of the cordillera.
 Kotcho Lake is a lake in north-eastern British Columbia Canada.It is located 150 kilometers (93 mi) east of Fort Nelson in the Greater Sierra Oil Field at an elevation of 620 meters (2030 ft). It is recognized as a Canadian Important Bird Area.The Kotcho Lake Village Site Provincial Park is located on the southern shore of the lake.The lake is located in muskeg tundra in the Etsho Plateau a region dominated by white spruce and black spruce.
 The Kohlenberg is a hill in the county of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 The Itagacaba River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Weiherbach (Ablach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Calvert River is a river in the Northern Territory of Australia which flows into the Gulf of Carpentaria 150 km east of Borroloola not far from the border with Queensland in the Gulf Coastal bioregion. Its annual outflow is about 1000 Gl. Before reaching the sea it flows through the Australian Wildlife Conservancy’s Pungalina-Seven Emu Sanctuary.
 Açuã River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Großer Zechliner See is a lake in Rheinsberger Seengebiet Brandenburg Germany. It is located in Rheinsberg and its surface area is 1.8 km².
 The High Rhine (German: Hochrhein) is the name used in Germany for the part of the Rhine River that flows westbound from Lake Constance to Basel.The High Rhine begins at the outflow of the Rhine from the Untersee in Stein am Rhein and turns into the Upper Rhine in Basel.
 The Ma River (Vietnamese: Sông Mã Lao: Nam Ma) is a river in Asia originating in northwestern Vietnam. It runs for 400 km through Vietnam Laos and then back through Vietnam meeting the sea at the Gulf of Tonkin.The largest tributaries of the Ma River are the Chu River (or the Nam Sam River as it is called in Laos) the Bưởi River and the Cầu Chày River.
 Mount Francis is a massive ridgelike mountain 2610 metres (8560 ft) high that overlooks Tucker Glacier from the north standing between Tyler Glacier and Staircase Glacier in the Admiralty of Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1960–62 and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Henry S.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Desnățui River in Romania.
 Baekbyeongsan is a mountain in the city of Taebaek Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1259.3 m (4132 ft).
 Sims is a river of Bavaria Germany near the country's southern border. It is approximately six kilometers long and is fed by the Simssee a small lake.
 Round Lake is a natural freshwater lake on the south side of Winter Haven Florida. It is almost round in shape and has a surface area of 26.74-acre (108200 m2). It is bordered on the north east and southeast by houses in a gated community. On the south is a grass field beyond which is Eloise Loop Road. On the west and southwest is a citrus grove. Round Lake is about 660 feet (200 m) east of the south cove of Lake Winterset.
 The Torent Alto (or Torrone Alto Italian: high tower or Torrone d'Orza) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. It is the highest mountain lying on the chain between Pass Giümella east of Biasca (2117 metres) and Bellinzona.The Torent Alto consists of three ridges and faces. The largest is the north face which overlooks the Val Pontirone south of Malvaglia.
 Mount McGuire is a mountain located in the Sunwapta River Valley of Jasper National Park in Alberta Canada. The mountain was named in 1971 after Fenton John Alexander Mickey McGuire who served as a warden in the park for 34 years and ended his career as chief park warden.
 The Scarpe is a river in the Nord-Pas-de-Calais region of France left tributary of the Scheldt. It is approximately a hundred kilometers long of which two thirds has been turned into canals.The source of the river is at Berles-Monchel near Aubigny-en-Artois. It flows through the cities Arras Douai and Saint-Amand-les-Eaux.
 Egg Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Egg Lake lies along the route followed by the Copper Ridge Trail which is accessed from a trailhead in Mount Baker National Forest. The hike to the lake is over 8 mi (13 km) one-way and includes an altitude gain of almost 2000 ft (610 m). Egg Lake is 1.25 mi (2.01 km) southwest of the Copper Mountain Fire Lookout.
 The Pyshma (Russian: Пышма) is a river in Sverdlovsk and Tyumen Oblasts of Russia. It is a tributary of the Tura and is 603-kilometer (375 mi) long with a drainage basin of 19700 square kilometers (7600 sq mi).The Pyshma has its sources at 290 meters AMSL on the eastern side of the Ural Mountains near the town of Verkhnyaya Pyshma just north of Yekaterinburg.
 Nedrevatnet or Nervatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway. The 4.8-square-kilometre (1.9 sq mi) lake lies just east of the town of Fauske. The lake Øvrevatnet flows into this lake and the water flows out of the Nedrevatnet into the Skjerstadfjorden. The European route E06 and the Nordlandsbanen railway line run along the western edge of this lake.
 Palakkad Gap or Palghat Gap is a 30-40 kilometers (19–25 miles) wide low mountain pass in the Western Ghats near Palakkad town (previously known as Palghat) in the South Indian State of Kerala. It has an elevation of 300 metres (980 ft). The hills rise to 1100m to the North of the gap and 2000m to the South. The average height of the gap is 144m.The gap is the lowest pass through the Western Ghats.
 The Petersgrat is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It consists of a large ridge which is entirely covered by ice. The northern side belongs to the basin of the large Kander Glacier. On the southern side (Lötschental) the glacier is smaller and is named Tellingletscher.The Petersgrat is a popular destination for heliskiing and snow landing.
 The Codés Range (Kodesko mendilerroa in Basque and Sierra de Codés in Spanish) is a mountain range of western Navarre Spain part of the Basque Mountains. Its highest point is the 1418 metres high Ioar located between Santa Cruz de Campezo and Aguilar de Codés.
 Bolmen is a lake in Småland Sweden. Covering 184 km² and with a maximum depth of 37 m it supplies a considerable part of Skåne with fresh water by means of an 82-km long tunnel the Bolmen Water Tunnel built during the 1970s and 80s. Bolmen is situated at the heart of Finnveden one of the small lands of today's Småland. It is the tenth largest lake in Sweden.It contains 365 islands of which the largest is Bolmsö which was historically the meeting-place of the local assembly.
 Long Mile Cave sometimes known locally as Pick'ny Mama Cave or Hell's Gate Cave is a palaeontological and palaeoanthropological site in the Cockpit Country of north-western Jamaica.
 Ilwolsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1219 metres.
 Radunia (German: Geiersberg) is a mountain in the Ślęża Masiff. Its height is 573 meters. It lies in Góra Radunia Landscape Park.The mountain located in Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 Dry Ridge Mountain (10321 feet (3146 m) is located in the Teton Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is on the border of Grand Teton National Park and the Jedediah Smith Wilderness of Caribou-Targhee National Forest. Dry Ridge Mountain is at the head of Moran Canyon and 1 mile (1.6 km) NNE of Green Lakes Mountain.
 Temple Peak (12977 feet (3955 m)) is located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Temple Peak is a little over 1 mile (1.6 km) southwest of East Temple Peak. Temple Peak is in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest.
 The River Till is a river that rises near Tilshead on Salisbury Plain and which flows south and south-east to join the River Wylye near Stapleford. It also flows through Shrewton and Winterbourne Stoke. It has been designated as a SSSI site.The name ‘River Till’ is a double misnomer firstly because this is not a river but a winterborne – i.e. a winter stream that only flows for approximately three months in a year. Secondly because the name ‘Till’ is a Victorian misunderstanding.
 The Arpașu Mare River (Hungarian: Nagy-Árpás-patak) is one of the two branches forming the Arpaș River in Romania.
 Mała Ina is a river of Poland a tributary of the Ina.
 Atzelberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Mount Steller is a peak at the far eastern end of the Chugach Mountains of Alaska United States. It is notable for its isolated location among extensive icefields and for its large rise above local terrain. For example it rises 8000 feet (2440 m) above the Bering Glacier to the south in about 4 horizontal miles (6.4 km).Mount Steller is the high point of Waxell Ridge an east-west trending ridge on the south side of the Bagley Icefield one of the largest icefields in North America.
 Lake Houston is a reservoir on the west fork of the San Jacinto River 15 miles (24 km) northeast of downtown Houston Texas USA. The reservoir is the secondary municipal water supply for the city of Houston after Lake Livingston.
 The Sulcis Mountains (Italian: Monti del Sulcis) is a mountain chain in Sardinia Italy. Together with the Monte Linas massif from which they are separated by the flood plain of the Cixerri River they form the Sulcis-Iglesiente Mountains one of the most ancient geological formations in the island.
 Tjeldsundet is a strait or sound in Northern Norway. The 50-kilometre (27 nmi; 31 mi) long strait is located between the island of Hinnøya and mainland Norway in its northern part and between Hinnøya and the island of Tjeldøya in its southern part.
 Mount Baldr is a mountain on Baffin Island located 49 km (30 mi) northeast of Pangnirtung Nunavut Canada. It lies in the southern Baffin Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system. Like nearby Breidablik Peak and Mount Odin and other peaks in the Arctic Cordillera its name comes from Norse mythology. It is named after Baldr a god in Germanic paganism and is Odin's second son.
 Mururahu (Quechua hispanicized spellings Mururaju Murrorajo) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5688 metres (18661 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Huari Province Chavín de Huantar District and in the Recuay Province Catac District. Mururahu lies southeast of the lake Qiruqucha northeast of the lake Qishqiqucha and south of the mountain Qishqi (Gueshgue Queshque).
 The North Branch Meduxnekeag River is a river in Aroostook County Maine and Carleton County New Brunswick. From the outlet of a small pond (46°21′40″N 68°03′18″W) in Maine Township 8 Range 3 WELS the river runs about 20 miles (30 km) northeast south and east to the Canada – United States border crossing into Canada at 46°16′40″N 67°46′56″W. It runs about 4 miles (6 km) southeast to its confluence with the Meduxnekeag River in Wakefield NB.
 The Bârsaniul River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
 Fyrisån (in English 'the Fyris river') is a river in the Swedish province of Uppland which passes through the city of Uppsala and ends in Lake Mälaren.
 The Killik River is a 105-mile (169 km) tributary of the Colville River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins in the northern portion of Gates of the Arctic National Park and flows north onto property of the Arctic Slope Regional Corporation.The river's headwaters are near Survey Pass in the Endicott Mountains on the north slope of the central Brooks Range and the river mouth is south of Angoyakvik Pass.
 Loch Lomond is a 75 acre man-made lake in Mundelein Illinois as well as the subdivision built around it. The lake is administered by the Loch Lomond Property Owners Association and access is restricted to members of the association and their guests.There are two beaches open to the residents of Loch Lomond: North Beach & South Beach. South Beach is the larger of the two and the main swimming area with a large pier raft and playground area.
 Wiehoff is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Fissure Glacier is located in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated east of Lowary Peak in the Mission Range.
 Piz Lagrev is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking Lake Sils in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On its northern side lies the Julier Pass. Reaching a height of 3165 metres above sea level Piz Lagrev is the culminating point of the range lying between the Septimer Pass and the Julier Pass.
 Lake Macquarie or Awaba an open and trained youthful wave dominated barrier estuary is Australia's largest coastal salt water lake covering an area of 110 square kilometres (42.5 sq mi) that is located in the Hunter Region of New South Wales.
 The Valea Socilor River is a tributary of the Runcu River in Romania.
 The Jabotá River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil. The headwaters are the traditional home of the Ikpeng people.
 Mahoney Lake is a small saline lake located near Okanagan Falls in British Columbia Canada. It was established as an ecological reserve to preserve a southern interior saline lake possessing unique limnological features in 1972.It has a unique layering where the very bottom of the lake is very salt rich and contains hydrogen sulphide (H2S) which facilitates the growth of the purple sulphur bacteria in the layer above it where the bacteria has just enough light to grow.
 East Fork Eagle River is an 8.6-mile-long (13.8 km) tributary of the Eagle River in Eagle County Colorado. The river flows from a source on Chicago Ridge in the White River National Forest to a confluence with the South Fork Eagle River that forms the Eagle River.
 The Zhelcha River (Russian: Желча) is a river in Strugo-Krasnensky and Gdovsky Districts in Pskov Oblast Russia a tributary of Lake Peipus. It is 107 kilometres (66 mi) long and the area of its drainage basin is 1220 square kilometres (470 sq mi). It is navigable downstream from the settlement of Yamm.
 The Guggernell is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located south of Arosa in the canton of Graubünden. It lies west of the Guggernellgrat.
 Ustevatn is a lake in the municipality of Hol in Buskerud county Norway.
 Burnham is a small crater located to the southeast of the crater Albategnius in a relatively smooth area of the lunar surface. To the southwest is Vogel.The irregular tooth-like shape of the rim of Burnham protrudes to the southwest giving the wall a distorted asymmetric appearance. There are breaks in the rim to the northwest and southwest the later forming a valley running about 15 km. The interior floor is rough and irregular and lacks anything resembling a central peak.
 Mount Qingyuan (Chinese: 清源山; pinyin: Qīngyuán Shān) is a national park in Fujian People's Republic of China located about 3 km (1.9 mi) from Quanzhou city. It consists of three scenic spots. They are Mount Qingyuan Mount Ling and Mount Jiuri. The total area covered is 62 km2 (24 sq mi). It is 498 m (1634 ft) above sea level.
 Nonacho Lake is the eighth largest lake in the Northwest Territories Canada.
 Kegelkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Adagdak is a Pleistocene age stratovolcano on the northernmost extremity of Adak Island in the Aleutian Islands Alaska.
 The Vâlcelul Clinului River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
 Borawli is a stratovolcano with lava domes located in Administrative Zone 2 of the Afar Region Ethiopia. It lies above the eastern shore of Lake Afrera.
 The Big Darby Creek is a river located in northwestern central Ohio and an important tributary to the Lower Scioto River. The river's major tributary is the Little Darby Creek.The river runs 84 miles (135 km) from its source near the Champaign-Union county line then runs south-east through Union and Madison Counties. In Franklin County the river runs through the 6856-acre Battelle Darby Creek Metro Park where it meets with the Little Darby Creek.
 The Jiguroșița River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 The Owens River is a river in southeastern California in the United States approximately 183 miles (295 km) long. It drains into and through the Owens Valley an arid basin between the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada and the western faces of the Inyo and White Mountains.
 Sajasan is a South Korean mountain that sits between the counties of Pyeongchang Yeongwol and Hoengseong in Gangwon-do. It has an elevation of 1120 m (3675 ft).
 The Tukipo River is a river of the southwest Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows east from its origins in the Ruahine Range to reach the Tukituki River five kilometres west of Waipukurau
 Orenberg is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 The Großer Waldstein is part of the Waldstein range in the Fichtel Mountains of Germany. It is known primarily for its rock formations caused by spheroidal weathering its ruined castles and the only remaining bear trap (Bärenfang) in the region.
 The Mitchell River is a river in the Far North Queensland region of Australia. The river begins on the Atherton Tableland about 50 kilometres (31 mi) northwest of Cairns and flows about 750 kilometres (470 mi) northwest across Cape York Peninsula from Mareeba to the Gulf of Carpentaria.The river's watershed covers an area of 71757 km2 (27706 sq mi). The Mitchell River has the state's largest discharge[citation needed] but is intermittent and may be dry for part of the year.
 Waqshash (local Quechua for eye tooth (from waqsa) hispanicized spellings Huacshash Huaqshash Huacshah) is a mountain in the west of the Waywash mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5644 metres (18517 ft) high. It is located in the Lima Region Cajatambo Province Cajatambo District. Waqshash lies on a sub-range in the west south of the river Wayllapa (Huayllapa) and southeast of the villages Wayllapa and Awkimarka (Auquimarca).
 The Pârâul Mărului is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The Sebeș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of two headwaters: Valea lui Ionel and Valea lui Fătu
 Piz Platta is the highest peak in the Oberhalbstein Alps. It is 3392 metres high (Source: Landeskarte der Schweiz no.1256 - 1991) and is notable for its similarity in shape to the Matterhorn. Piz Platta is located between the localities of Avers and Mulegns both in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
 The Râul Mare is a tributary of the Țibău River in Romania.
 Paqu Quta also spelled P'aqu Quta (Aymara paqu / p'aqu light brown reddish fair-haired dark chestnut quta lake chestnut coloured lake) is a lake in Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Pedro Domingo Murillo Province El Alto Municipality. It is situated at a height of about 4667 metres (15312 ft) south of Mount Chacaltaya south east of Lake Milluni and south west of Qillwani (Khelluani).
 Balsam Cap is a mountain located in Ulster County New York.The mountain is part of the Catskill Mountains.Balsam Cap is flanked to the north by Friday Mountain and to the southwest by Rocky Mountain.The northeast and southeast slopes of Balsam Cap drain into Maltby Hollow Brook thence into Bush Kill the Ashokan Reservoir Esopus Creek the Hudson River and into New York Bay.The southwest side of Balsam Cap drains into the headwaters of Rondout Creek thence into the Hudson River.The northwest side of Balsam Cap drains into the East Branch of the Neversink River the Delaware River and into Delaware Bay.Balsam Cap is within the Slide Mountain Wilderness of New York's Catskill State Park.
 The Valea Părului River is a tributary of the Olt river in Romania.
 Titisee is a lake in the southern Black Forest in Baden-Württemberg. It is said it got its name from Roman Emperor Titus. It covers an area of 1.3 km² and has an average depth of 20 m.[citation needed] It owes its creation to the Feldberg glacier the moraine ploughed up by which in the Pleistocene epoch nowadays forms the lake's shores. The lake's outflow at 840 m above sea level is the river Gutach (or as it is called farther downstream the Wutach).
 Swan Lake is a lake in Ballard County Kentucky. At 300 acres (1.2 km2) it is the largest natural lake in Kentucky. It is part of a twelve-lake confederation known as Cummins Tract Lakes.
 Rohrbach (Dürnach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Arama River is a tributary of the Lunca Mare River in Romania.
 The Itapicuru-Mirim River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Muskrat River is a river in Renfrew County Ontario Canada that flows into the Ottawa River at the city of Pembroke.
 The Montreal River is a river in Timiskaming District Ontario Canada. It travels 220 kilometres (137 mi) from its source at Smoothwater Lake to its mouth at Lake Timiskaming on the Ottawa River. The river is a significant source of hydroelectricity.
 The Dogoș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Dubbi Volcano is a stratovolcano located in the Southern Red Sea Region of Eritrea. Its peak elevation is 1625 m. There have been four known eruptions. In 1400 lava was determined to have reached the Red Sea while in 1861 ash was thrown over 250 km from the volcano.. Two further events were suspected between 1861 and the 20th century.On June 13 2011 an ash cloud that had some influence on air travel was attributed to Dubbi.
 The Greenwater River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. Its watershed drains a portion of the Cascade Range east and northeast of Mount Rainier including parts of the Norse Peak Wilderness. It flows into the White River at Greenwater which eventually flows into Puget Sound via the Puyallup River. The Greenwater River defines part of the boundary between King and Pierce counties.
 The North Fork Republican River is a 55.4-mile-long (89.2 km) tributary of the Republican River. It flows eastward from a source in Yuma County Colorado to just north of Hagler in Dundy County Nebraska. There it joins with the Arikaree River to form the Republican River.
 Krebsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 La Balisa (1411 m) is a high mountain pass of the Swiss Alps connecting Schwarzsee with Charmey via La Valsainte in the canton of Fribourg. The pass lies on the watershed between the Sense and Le Javro. The pass is traversed by a trail.
 Hohlestein is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Tingvollfjorden is a fjord in the municipalities of Tingvoll Gjemnes Nesset and Sunndal. The inner part of the fjord (inside the municipality of Sunndal) is called the Sunndalsfjorden. The fjord begins at the island of Bergsøya and stretches about 54 kilometres (34 mi) to the village of Sunndalsøra. The river Driva flows into the fjord at its start.
 The Glavița River is a tributary of the Coșteiu-Chizătău Canal in Romania.
 The Stânișoara River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Sena River is a river of Bolivia.
 Śląskie Kamienie or Dívčí kameny (Silesian Rocks or Maiden Rocks) 1413 metres (4636 ft) and Czeskie Kamienie or Mužské kameny (Czech Rocks or Man Rocks in Polish and Czech respectively) 1416 metres (4646 ft) is a twin peak and a rock formation situated in the western part of Karkonosze on Polish and Czech border within the Karkonosze National Park on the Polish–Czech Friendship Trail. The rocks are up to 8 m high.
 Nasaasaaq (Danish: Kællingehætten) is a 784 metres (2572 ft) high prominent mountain in the Qeqqata municipality in western Greenland.
 Harriman Glacier is an 8-mile (13 km) long glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It trends northeast to its terminus at head of Harriman Fjord 16 mi (26 km) northeast of Whittier Chugach Mountains.It was named by members of the 1899 Harriman Alaska Expedition after Edward H. Harriman who funded the expedition.
 Tin Brook is an 11.0-mile-long (17.7 km) tributary of the Wallkill River almost entirely located in the town of Montgomery in Orange County New York United States. Near its mouth it flows through the village of Walden.
 Gladbach (Niers) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Laguna Carreras is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. Its surface area is 13 km².
 Sturgeon Lake is a lake in the Kenora and Thunder Bay districts in northwestern Ontario Canada. The lake has many bays and arms and is drained by the Sturgeon River. It has a shallow V shape with one arm beginning near O'Briens Landing and extending 35 km (22 mi) north-east to Sturgeon Lake Narrows at the vertex of the V and the second arm continuing from there another 24 km (15 mi) north to a point 6.5 km (4.0 mi)south of Savant Lake.
 Sirumalai (Tamil: சிறுமலை) is a region of 60000 acres (200 km2) situated 25 km (16 mi) from Dindigul and 40 km (25 mi) from MaduraiTamilnadu India. There are many high hills in the area. Hillock International School is located in Sirumalai.Sirumalai is a dense forest region with a moderate climate throughout the year. The altitude of the hill is 1600 metres above sea level and it contains diversified flora and fauna and a variety of animals.
 The Gardu River is a tributary of the Gruiţa River in Romania.
 Tiny Creek is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Northern Manitoba Canada. It flows from an unnamed lake to the Nelson River which it enters as a left tributary just after having passed under Manitoba Provincial Road 290.
 The Mulchén River is a river of Chile.
 The Tisaș River is a tributary of the Asod River in Romania.
 Castle Semple Loch is a 1.5 mile (2.5 km) long inland loch at Lochwinnoch in Renfrewshire Scotland. Originally part of an estate of the same name it is now administered by Clyde Muirshiel Regional Park as a watersports centre. An RSPB bird sanctuary is located on the loch's southern shore.
 Mount Haynes el. 8218 feet (2505 m) is a prominent peak adjacent to the Madison River in Yellowstone National Park. The peak was named by then Yellowstone superintendent Horace Albright to honor Frank Jay Haynes (1853–1921) the first official photographer of the park. Prior to being named Mount Haynes the peak was unofficially called Mount Burley for D. E. Burley of the Union Pacific Railroad. Today there is an interpretive overlook along the Madison River just opposite the peak.
 Milton is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 186 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Milton is named for the English poet John Milton who lived from 1608 to 1674.
 The Yarmouk River (Arabic: نهر اليرموك‎ Nahr Al-Yarmuk; Hebrew: נהר הירמוך‎ Nehar HaYarmukh; Greek: Hieromax; Latin: Hieromyces) is the largest tributary of the Jordan River. It drains much of the Hauran plateau. It is one of three main tributaries which enter the Jordan between the Sea of Galilee and the Dead Sea.
 The Worthington Glacier is a 5774-acre (2337 ha) valley glacier located adjacent to Thompson Pass in the southeastern mainland section of the U.S. state of Alaska. Located on the Richardson Highway at milepost 28.7 mi (46 km) east of Valdez it was listed as a National Natural Landmark in 1968. The Worthington Glacier State Recreation Site a 113-acre (0.46 km2) roadside park operated by the state of Alaska offers a view of the glacier and it is acclaimed as one of the remaining U.S.
 The Speedwell Cavern is one of the four show caves in Castleton Derbyshire England. It consists of a horizontal lead miners' adit (a level passageway driven horizontally into the hillside) leading to the cavern itself a limestone cave.
 The Valea Laptelui River is a tributary of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 The Oyabe River (小矢部川 Oyabe-gawa) is a river in Toyama Prefecture Japan. The river rises from Mount Daimon on the border of Ishikawa Prefecture and enters the sea at Toyama Bay.The kanji that spells Oyabe means little arrow room but this may be a case of ateji in which the kanji spelling was applied to the word regardless of meaning.
 Lituya Glacier is a tidewater glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. Located at 58°43′25″N 137°29′33″W inside Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve its source is in the Fairweather Range and it feeds into Lituya Bay on the gulf coast of Southeast Alaska.It is partially responsible for creating the 1958 Lituya Bay megatsunami.
 The La Ligua River is a river of Chile.
 Nahta Cone is a cinder cone in northern British Columbia Canada located 69 km (43 mi) southwest of Tatogga 9 km (6 mi) north of Wetalth Ridge and south of Telegraph Creek. It lies in the southwestern corner of Mount Edziza Provincial Park.
 Lake Mohonk is a lake at the northern end of New Paltz New York United States in Ulster County about 14 miles (23 km) northwest of Poughkeepsie. The small lake one-half mile (800 m) long and 60 feet (18 m) deep is located 1245 feet (379 m) above sea level in the towns of Rochester and Marbletown near Sky Top Mountain at 1542 feet (470 m) one of the highest peaks of the Shawangunk Ridge.
 The Gropșoarele River is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
 Ashby Gap more commonly known as Ashby's Gap is a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains on the border of Clarke County Loudoun County and Fauquier County in Virginia. The gap is traversed by U.S. Route 50. The Appalachian trail also passes across the gap.
 La Manga Pass elevation 10230 ft (3120 m) is a mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado. The pass is situated in Rio Grande National Forest.The pass along with Cumbres Pass to the southwest is traversed by State Highway 17. It is the only highway pass west out of the San Luis Valley between Wolf Creek Pass to the north and New Mexico.
 Hoher Nistler is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Whitcombe River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north to reach the Hokitika River 30 kilometres south of Hokitika.
 The Paru de Oeste River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Hamperokken (Northern Sami: Gáranasčohkka) is the highest mountain peak on the mainland peninsula west of the Ullsfjorden. The mountain is located in the municipality of Tromsø in Troms county Norway.
 Lake Sinoe is a lagoon in Northern Dobruja Romania close to the Black Sea. Its name derives from Slavic (Blue Lake). The ruins of the ancient Greek colony of Histria are located on the lake shore.
 The Mezquitic River is a river of Mexico.
 The Jialing River (Chinese: 嘉陵江; pinyin: Jīalíng jiāng; Wade–Giles: chia-ling-chiang) is a tributary of the Yangtze River with its source in Gansu province. It gets its name from its crossing the Jialing Vale in Feng County of Shaanxi. It was once known as Langshui (simplified Chinese: 阆水; traditional Chinese: 閬水; pinyin: làngshǔi) or Yushui (渝水; Pinyin: yúshǔi).
 Blaník is a mountain in the Czech Republic 638 meters above sea level. The surrounding area is a small nature reservation.
 Newnham Hill is a prominent hill south of the town of Daventry in the English county of Northamptonshire .
 Douai Mountain is a mountain located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1918 after Douai a village in France that was liberated by Allied troops during the First World War.
 Cache Col Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the east slope of Mix-up Peak. Cache Col Glacier retreated nearly 100 m (330 ft) between 1950 and 2005. Cache Col Glacier is 1 mi (1.6 km) northwest of Yawning Glacier.
 The Assberg is a 703 m high (above sea level) mountain located in the Thuringian Highland Thuringia (Germany). It is located close to the municipalities of Deesbach Meura Reichmannsdorf and Schmiedefeld and the Leibis-Lichte Dam in the Saalfeld-Rudolstadt district in the Thuringian Forest Nature Park.
 The Djurdjura or Jurjura Range (Arabic: جبال جرجرة‎ Jabal Jurjura) is a mountain range of the Tell Atlas part of the Atlas Mountain System. It is located in Kabylie Algeria.
 The Săvăstreni River also known as Recea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is known as Dejani River or Valea Dejanilor River
 The Pârâul Adânc is a tributary of the Pârâul Mic in Romania.
 Traungold Cave (German: Traungoldhöhle no. 1623/231 in the Austrian Cave Register) is a cave which has provided shelter and storage space to the Cambridge University Caving Club during their expeditions to Austria. Entrance E and F are two ends of a large stone arch which has been developed into a bivouac shelter known as the Stone Bridge. The location allows easy access to Steinbrücken Cave for exploration trips.
 Willkaqucha (Quechua willka grandchild / great-grandson / lineage / minor god in the Inca culture an image of the Willkanuta valley worshipped as God / holy sacred divine willka or wilka Anadenanthera colubrina (a tree) qucha lake) hispanicized spelling Vilcacocha) is a lake in Peru. It is located in the Lima Region Huaral Province Andamarca District.
 The Ìskar (Bulgarian: Искър; Latin: Oescus; Ancient Greek: Οἶσκος) is with a length of 368 km the longest river that runs solely in Bulgaria and a tributary of the Danube. The Iskar is formed by three rivers the Chèrni (black) Iskar Bèli (white) Iskar and Lèvi (left) Iskar (known under the collective name Ìskrove) with the source being accepted to be the Prav (straight) Iskar a tributary of the Cherni Iskar.
 Mt. Sibayak (Indonesian:Gunung Sibayak) is a small stratovolcano overlooking the town of Berastagi in northern Sumatra Indonesia. Although its last eruption was more than a century ago geothermal activity in the form of steam vents and hot springs remains high on and around the volcano. The vents produce crystalline sulfur which was mined on a small scale in the past.
 Lake Ram (Arabic: بحيرة مسعدة‎ Hebrew: בריכת רם‎) is a crater lake (maar) in the northeastern Golan Heights near Mount Hermon. The only sources of the lake are rain water and an underground spring. The water does not leave the lake to any other body of water. The crater is a maar. The Lake is traditionally known as Berekhat Ram (also spelled Birket Ram) meaning High Pool. The area is associated with the Druze community.
 Crivitzer See is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 39.4 m its surface area is 0.37 km².
 Paracori River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Lane Cove River a northern tributary of the Parramatta River is a youthful tide dominated drowned valley estuary west of Sydney Harbour located in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It joins Parramatta River at Greenwich and Woolwich where together they form an arm of Sydney Harbour.
 Owl Peak (10612 feet (3235 m)) is in the northern Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming and is just east of Elk Mountain. The peak is located west of and across Jackson Lake from Lizard Creek Campground. Access to the peak is easiest by boat to the Berry Creek Trailhead at Wilcox Point then heading west at the Owl Creek Trail.
 Cabri Lake is a lake in Saskatchewan Canada located in the Rural Municipality of Chesterfield. The lake is of archeological significance as it shore is the site of the Cabri Lake Effigy also called the Cabri Lake Stone Man boulder monument believed to represent a shaman. Tours of the lake and Cabri Hills archeological site are organized by the Archaeological & Historical Society of West-Central Saskatchewan.
 Quyllur Urmana (Quechua quyllur star urmana trap / urmay to fall -na a suffix hispanicized and mixed spellings Coyllor Urmana Qoillur Urmana Qoyllor Urmana Qoyllur Urmana) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province Urcos District. It lies west of Willkanuta River between the towns Huaro (Waru) and Urcos at the foot of the mountain Wiraqucha..
 Cordell Hull Lake is a lake in the Cumberland River in north-central Tennessee about forty miles east of Nashville in the vicinity of Carthage. It covers approximately 12000 acres (49 km2).Cordell Hull Dam impounding the Cumberland River was built by the United States Army Corps of Engineers between May 1963 and November 1973 for navigation hydroelectric power generation and recreation.
 Carp River is a 40.2-mile-long (64.7 km) river in Chippewa and Mackinac counties in the U.S. state of Michigan. 21.7 miles (34.9 km) of the river were added to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System in 1992.
 Red Man Mountain was named in 1917 because of the red color of the rock and in contrast to nearby White Man Mountain. It is located in the Blue Range of the Canadian Rockies. Located along the Continental Divide of the Americas it is also on the boundary between British Columbia and Alberta.
 The Roß- und Buchstein (1701 m) is a mountain of the Tegernsee Mountains range in the Bavarian Prealps Bavaria Germany. The Tegernsee cabin (German: Tegernseer Hütte) is lodged between the Roßstein and the Buchstein.
 The Pârâul Ursului or Valea Urșilor River is a tributary of the Pârâul Argintului in Romania.
 Chesuncook Lake is a reservoir in Piscataquis County Maine formed by the damming of the West Branch of the Penobscot River in 1835 1903 and 1916. It is approximately 22 miles (35 km) long and 1–4 miles wide with a surface area of 25183 acres (101.91 km2) and a maximum depth of 150 feet (46 m). It is the third-largest body of fresh water in Maine.The lake was named goose place by combining the call of the Canada goose schunk with auke (the Abenaki word for place).
 The Pârâul cu Brazi is a tributary of the Valea cu Noroi River in Romania.
 The Taurus Mountains (Turkish: Toros Dağları Ancient Greek: Όρη Ταύρου) are a mountain complex in southern Turkey dividing the Mediterranean coastal region of southern Turkey from the central Anatolian Plateau. The system extends along a curve from Lake Eğirdir in the west to the upper reaches of the Euphrates and Tigris rivers in the east.
 The Three Sisters are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert in Los Angeles County California.
 Piz Denter is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Graubünden and Ticino. On its northern side (Graubünden) it overlooks the valleys of Lake Curnera and Lake Nalps both drained by tributaries of the Rhine.
 The Teberda (Russian: Теберда) is a river in the North Caucasus. It is a left tributary of the Kuban River.It flows past the Teberda Nature Reserve through Teberda and terminates at Karachayevsk.
 The Boșorogu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters Pârva and Gropşoara
 The Leckie Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located northwest of Gun Lake between Leckie Creek and Slim Creek. It has an area of 78 km2 and is a subrange of the Chilcotin Ranges which in turn form part of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains.
 The Aguapeí River (São Paulo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Stannary Hills Dam is a dam in the Atherton Tablelands 25 kilometres west of Atherton Queensland Australia.
 The Paranhana River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Mount Cotter located in the Kings Canyon National Park is named for Dick Cotter who was a packer with the California Geological Survey in 1864. Cotter and Clarence King made the first ascent of Mount Tyndall.The Mountain has an elevation of 12719 feet (3877 m).The mountain is easily climbed from Gardiner Basin with a class class 2-3 slope. There are more difficult routes found on the north and east sides of Mount Cotter. The mountain features a large class 4-5 summit block.
 The Carp River is a tributary of the Lăcăuţi River in Romania.
 The Ribeira River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Schwedtsee is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District in Germany. It is situated in the district of Oberhavel in the state of Brandenburg and lies to the east of the centre of the town of Fürstenberg.
 Peetschsee is a lake in Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 59.1 m its surface area is 0.33 km².
 The Bendola is a river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. It is a left tributary of the Roya. Its source is in the Ligurian Alps east of Saorge near the border with Italy. It discharges into the river Roya near Saorge.
 The Walla Walla River is a tributary of the Columbia River joining the Columbia just above Wallula Gap in southeastern Washington in the United States. The river flows through Umatilla County Oregon and Walla Walla County Washington. Its drainage basin is 1758 square miles (4550 km2) in area.
 The Don River is a short river in North Queensland which empties into the Coral Sea near Bowen Queensland. It is not to be confused to the Don River in Central Queensland which is a tributary of the Fitzroy River.The source of the river is in the Clarke Ranges west of Proserpine. The river runs about 60 kilometres (37 mi) in a northerly direction to its mouth falling about 250 metres (820 ft) over its length.
 Parks Peak at 10280 feet (3130 m) above sea level is a peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area on the border of Blaine and Custer counties. The peak is located 2.78 mi (4.47 km) northeast of Snowyside Peak its line parent and 1.9 mi (3.1 km) northwest of McDonald Peak. Farley Lake is north of the peak and Bowknot and Toxaway lakes are west of the peak.
 The Dourado River (São Paulo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Zhelon is a river in Zhytomyr Oblast Ukraine and Gomel Region Belarus. It is a right tributary of the Pripyat River and approximately 113 km (70 mi) long.
 Walayar River is one of the tributaries of the river Kalpathipuzha. Kalpathipuzha is one of the main tributaries of the Bharathapuzha River the second-longest river in Kerala south India. Walayar Dam is constructed across this river. It was completed and opened in 1964.It has got a beautiful garden equipped with children play area but currently due to the lack of forest officers and some officials the condition of the park and dam is pathetic.
 The Schladming Tauern (German: Schladminger Tauern) are a subrange of the Austrian Central Alps within the Eastern Alps. Together with the Radstadt Tauern the Rottenmann and Wölz Tauern and the Seckau Tauern the Schladming Tauern form the major range known as the Low Tauern. The mountains are located in Austria in the federal states of Salzburg and Styria. Its highest peak at 2862 m is the Hochgolling.
 Ben Oss (Gaelic: Beinn Ois pronounced [peɲˈɔʃ]) is a Scottish mountain situated in the Stirling Council area six kilometres south west of the village of Tyndrum within the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park.
 Evans Lake is a private lake in southeastern Mahoning County Ohio owned by Aqua Ohio a subsidiary of Aqua America (formerly Consumers Ohio Water Company). It is located about five miles from the Pennsylvania border at an elevation of 1071 feet. At normal levels it has a surface area of 582 acres. Evans Lake was created in 1948 when construction was completed on the Evans Lake Dam on Yellow Creek. The lake is used for drinking water fishing and recreation.
 The Orlățel River is a tributary of the Orlat River in Romania.
 At a height of 2782 feet Great Dun Fell is the second-highest hill in England's Pennines lying two miles south along the watershed from Cross Fell its higher neighbour. Together with its smaller twin Little Dun Fell it forms a stepping-stone for the Pennine Way on its long climb up from Dufton.
 Victoria Lake is a lake located in the west-central interior of the island of Newfoundland in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. The lake is south-east of Red Indian Lake.
 The Teklanika River is a 91-mile (146 km) tributary of the Nenana River in the U.S. state of Alaska. The Nenana is a tributary of the Tanana River which is part of the Yukon River drainage in the central interior region of the state. Flowing northward from headwaters at the Cantwell Glacier in the Alaska Range the Teklanika drains an area widely visited by tourists to Denali National Park and Preserve.
 Lake Mills was a reservoir formed by the Glines Canyon Dam on the Elwha River and was located about 13 miles from the mouth of the river on the Olympic Peninsula. It was fully contained within Olympic National Park. It was formed in 1927 with the completion of the dam and after the lowland forest that occupied the river bottom was clear-cut.
 Piz Albana (3100 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking Champfèr in the canton of Graubünden. It lies east of Piz Julier on the range north of the Julier Pass.
 The Irwin River is a river in the Mid West of Western Australia. It was named on 9 April 1839 by the explorer George Grey while on his second disastrous exploration expedition along the Western Australian coast after his friend Major Frederick Irwin the Commandant of the Swan River settlement and later acting Governor of Western Australia from 1847 to 1848.The headwaters of the Irwin are located below Canna near Pindar.
 The River Rye is a river in the English county of North Yorkshire.
 Mount Ragoona at 1350 metres altitude is a relatively high mountain in the southern region of the Walls of Jerusalem National Park in Tasmania Australia. It is virtually surrounded by four large lakes; Myrtle Meston Louisa and Adelaide. It is not that well known however it is a prominent mountain rising from the shores of Lake Myrtle.
 The Sazmartinshorn (2827 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking St. Martin and the lake of Gigerwald in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies on the range east of Piz Sardona that separates the Weisstannental from the Calfeisental. After the Pizol the Sazmartinshorn is the second highest mountain lying entirely within the canton of St. Gallen.
 Emerald Lake is located in Yoho National Park British Columbia Canada. It is the largest of Yoho's 61 lakes and ponds as well as one of the park's premier tourist attractions. Emerald Lake Lodge a high-end lodge perched on the edge of the lake provides local accommodation. A 5.2 km (3.2 mi) hiking trail circuits the lake the first half of which is accessible to wheelchairs and strollers.
 The Palü Glacier (Romansh: Vadret da Palü) is a 3.5 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernina Range in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 6.47 km2.
 Olallie Butte is a steep-sided shield volcano in the Cascade Range of northern Oregon. It is the largest volcano and highest point in the 50-mile (80 km) distance between Mount Hood and Mount Jefferson Oregon's two highest peaks.
 White Sitch is an ancient lake in the parish of Blymhill 1 mile to the W of the village. It is situated in a tract of cropped and degraded woodland currently owned by the Bradford Estate. The woods are used for breeding pheasant and the lake for commercial carp fishing.
 Wiqrunqucha (Quechua wiqru twisted bent -n a suffix qucha lake hispanicized spelling Huegroncocha) is a lake in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru located in the Ancash Region Asunción Province Chacas District. It is situated at a height of 4250 metres (13944 ft) 393 m long and 120 m at its widest point. Wiqrunqucha lies north of the lake Yanaqucha and west of the lake Runtuqucha.
 The Vârtej River is a headwater of the Călănești River in Romania.
 Witthoh is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Carinthian-Slovenian Alps (in Slovenian Koroško-Slovenske Alpe in German Kärntnerisch-Slowenische Alpen) are a mountain range in the eastern part of the Alps. They are located in Slovenia Austria and for a very small area in westernmost part of the range in Italy.
 The Taritatu River is a river in the northern part of the Indonesian province of Papua. During the Dutch colonial era it was known as the Idenburg River. The Taritatu River flows generally westward in the basin north of the island's central mountainous cordillera. Eventually it meets the Tariku River and at this confluence the two rivers become the Mamberamo River one of the largest rivers on the island of New Guinea.
 The Battle of Britain Range is a group of mountains within the Allies Group of the Muskwa Ranges in northern British Columbia Canada.The Muskwa Ranges also include the Tower of London Range Italy Range and Allied Leaders Range.The range trends from northeast to southwest.About 37 square kilometres (14 sq mi) of the range is covered by glaciers which lie in the basins of the Churchill Creek Racing River and Gataga River.
 The Piney River is a 16.5-mile-long (26.6 km) tributary of the Tye River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is part of the James River watershed.The river rises in the Blue Ridge Mountains at the confluence of its North and South forks. For its entire length it forms the boundary between Amherst and Nelson counties. It flows southeast into the Virginia Piedmont passing the villages of Lowesville and Piney River. It joins the Tye River 3 miles (5 km) upstream from the village of Tye River.
 Pointe Helbronner (3462 m (11358 ft)) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the French Alps on the watershed between France and Italy.The peak which previously was a mere geodetic reference point was named after Paul Helbronner a French polytechnicien alpinist and geodesist who pioneered cartography of the French Alps.
 The Butte County High Point is on a unnamed mountain ridge located on the boundary between Butte and Plumas counties in the Sierra Nevada of California.The ridge located close to Lost Lake and Humboldt Peak has an elevation of about 7124+ feet (2171+ m) at the county line. The ridge is in Lassen National Forest and within about 700 feet (200 m) of the Pacific Crest Trail. Due to its elevation the ridge receives considerable snowfall during the winter.
 The Beliu River is a tributary of the Teuz River in Romania.
 Younghusband Ridge is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1927 by Alfred J. Ostheimer after Lt. Col. Sir Francis Edward Younghusband.
 The Majuba Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County Nevada.The Majuba placer has produced impressive gold specimens.
 The Dragoteanu River is a tributary of the Muncelu River in Romania
 Alte Hessel is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Syvdsfjorden is a fjord in Vanylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 10-kilometre (6.2 mi) long fjord flows from the village of Myklebost to the north until it empties into the Rovdefjorden. The old Syvde municipality was centered around this fjord until it was merged into Vanylven municipality in 1964. The sides of the fjord are mountainous particularly the eastern side with mountainsides stretching up to 800 metres (2600 ft) high coming right out of the water.
 Lupghar Pir pass (el. 16420 ft.) is a high mountain pass 6 miles to the west of village Lupghar in the upper Hunza valley in Gojal tehsil of Gilgit district in the Northern Areas in Pakistan.
 Manasbal Lake is a lake located in Safapora area of Ganderbal District in the State of Jammu and Kashmir in India. The name Manasbal is said to be a derivative of the Lake Manasarovar.
 The Densu River is a 116 km long river in Ghana rising in the Atewa Range. It flows through an economically important agricultural region supplies half the drinking water to Ghana's capital city of Accra and ends in an ecologically significant wetlands at the edge of the Atlantic Ocean. The Weija Dam is situated on the Densu River.
 Jabal Wamm is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Lake Osveya or Lake Osveyskoye (Belarusian: Асвейскае возера or Асьвейскае возера; Russian: озеро Осве́я or Осве́йское озеро) is a large freshwater lake in the Vitsebsk Voblast northern Belarus near the borders of Latvia and Russia. It has an area of 52.8 km2 (20 sq mi) making it the second largest lake in the country. The Republic of Belarus's most extreme northern point is situated only a few degrees further north of the lake.
 The Raft River is a tributary of the North Thompson River one of the main tributaries of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It flows through the Shuswap Highland region southeast of Wells Gray Provincial Park. Most of the Raft River's watershed lies outside the boundaries of Wells Gray except for some of the headwaters of the West Raft River tributary.
 The La Tante River is a river of Grenada.
 The Coppersmith Hills are a low mountain range in Lassen County California. The Coppersmith Hills is a popular location for Big Foot sightings. In 1978 Francis Halloway claimed he saw Sasquatch cross his path while Halloway was out hiking alone. Only 5 years later in 1983 a new married couple Jill and Bobby Tamer claimed they spotted Big Foot in their camp rummaging for food. The last reported sighting was in 2002 by a forest ranger by the name of Will Hanley.
 The Heart River is a river in northern Alberta Canada. It is a major tributary of the Peace River.The motto of the village of Nampa Alberta is A Place close to the Heart a reference to the river flowing through the community.
 Sleepy Cat Peak elevation 10853 ft (3308 m) is a summit in the Flat Tops of northwest Colorado. The mountain is east of Meeker in the White River National Forest of Rio Blanco County.
 Shore Lane Brook is a water course in Greater Manchester and a tributary of Ealees Brook in Littleborough.
 James Rosier (c. 1575- c.1635) was an English explorer who is notable for his account of a 1605 expedition to America in which describes native peoples and fauna of northern New England. He describes a journey along a great river but the identity of the river is not known for certain.
 The Pfaffenstein formerly called the Jungfernstein is a low table mountain 434.6 m (1426 ft) above sea level in the Elbe Sandstone Mountains in Saxony.
 The Poiana River is a tributary of the Lotrişoara Mare River in Romania.
 Mount Hiuchigatake (燧ヶ岳 Hiuchi-ga-take) is the tallest mountain in the Tōhoku region of Japan. The summit is in Minamiaizu Hinoemata in Fukushima Prefecture and is 2356 m (7730 ft) tall.Mount Hiuchigatake is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan.
 The Undowah River a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment is located in the Monaro region of New South Wales Australia.
 Bobritzsch is a river of Saxony Germany. It is a right tributary of the Freiberger Mulde.
 Glaskopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Roter Berg in the Ore Mountains is a mountain in the German free state of Saxony in southeastern Germany.
 Kirnbach (Kinzig) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Sebeș River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania. Its source is located at the junction of headwaters Valea Craiului și Cuntu.
 Lake Cochituate is a body of water in Natick Wayland and Framingham Massachusetts. Originally a reservoir serving Boston it no longer serves that function and is now a local recreational resource and home to Cochituate State Park.
 Nalomate River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Valea lui Odobescu River is a tributary of the Greaca River in Romania.
 The Mže (Czech pronunciation: [ˈm̩ʒɛ]; German: Mies) is a 107 km long river in the Czech Republic. Its source is situated in the Griesbach Forest (726 metres) Germany near the village of Asch in the municipality of Mähring Tirschenreuth district. It forms the state boundary for a short distance of 3 kilometers and then finally enters Czech territory. It passes through the towns of Tachov and Stříbro. At the confluence with the Radbuza it forms the Berounka in Pilsen.
 Wolf Lake is a lake in the Hudson Bay drainage basin located in the municipal district of Bonnyville No. 87 in census division No. 12 Alberta Canada. Its primary inflow and outflow is the Wolf River which flows via the Sand River Beaver River and Churchill River to Hudson Bay.
 The Rușavățu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Lake Pansy an almost round lake has a surface area of 50.42-acre (204000 m2). This lake is on the north edge of Winter Haven Florida. The city limits just reach water's edge on the east and southeast and the south city limits of Lake Alfred Florida are just across US Highway 92 which is 100 feet (30 m) northeast of Lake Pansy. The lake's north and west shores are bordered by woods. The east and northwest shores are bordered by residences and the southeast shore borders a citrus grove.
 Boguslawsky is a lunar impact crater that is located near the southern lunar limb. It lies to the northwest of the slightly larger crater Demonax and southwest of the concentric crater Boussingault. Due to its location this crater appears very oblong in shape because of foreshortening.The floor of this crater is flooded and relatively featureless. The rim is somewhat worn and relatively low above the surrounding surface. The crater Boguslawsky D lies across the eastern rim.
 Eisenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 McClelland Lake is located near Williams in North Central Arizona USA.
 Warmenau is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Tinkham Mountain (8442 feet (2573 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Lac du Fioget is a lake at Châtelneuf in the Jura department of France.
 The Larga River is a tributary of the Turbați River in Romania
 Carn Menyn is a grouping of craggy rock outcrops or tors in the Preseli Hills in the Welsh county of Pembrokeshire.
 The Ngwavuma is a river in Swaziland and KwaZulu-Natal Province in southern Africa. It is also known as the Inguavuma Ingwavuma Ingwovuma and Nggwavuma and is one of the five major rivers in Swaziland. It arises in southwestern Swaziland and flows eastward. It is a tributary of the Pongola River.The principal towns in Swaziland along the Ngwavuma are Nhlangano and Nsoko.
 Lac de Pierre-Percée is a lake in Pierre-Percée Meurthe-et-Moselle France. At an elevation of 380 m its surface area is 3.04 km².
 Düsedieksbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Arama Caprelor River (Hungarian: Feketerez-patak) is a tributary of the Putna Noroioasă River in Romania.
 Husån is a river in Sweden.
 The Oyat (Russian: Оять) is a river in Babayevsky District of Vologda Oblast and Podporozhsky and Lodeynopolsky Districts of Leningrad Oblast of Russia a major left tributary of the Svir River (Lake Ladoga basin). The length of the Oyat is 266 kilometres (165 mi) and the area of its drainage basin is 5220 square kilometres (2020 sq mi).The source of the Oyat is Lake Chaymozero in the western part of Babayevsky District. The Oyat flows to the northwest and enters Leningrad Oblast.
 Matheysine is a French Natural region located in the Alps at the south of the Isère département. Its relief is a plateau surroundered by mountains. Matheysine is also called Plateau Matheysin.
 The Teiuș River is a tributary of the Plapcea Mică River in Romania.
 The Churchill River (French: Rivière Churchill) is a major river in Alberta Saskatchewan and Manitoba Canada. From the head of the Churchill Lake it is 1609 km long. It was named after John Churchill 1st Duke of Marlborough and governor of the Hudson's Bay Company from 1685 to 1691.
 Belleville Lake is a 2-square-mile man-made lake located in Wayne County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It was created in 1925 by the Eastern Michigan Edison Company by damming the Huron River. The 28-foot-high dam was the last in a series of five dams along the river creating electricity from hydropower until 1962. The hydropower plant was refurbished in 1988 and has a nameplate production of 1.7 MW. It contains 17780 acre-feet of water in the seven-mile-long lake.
 The Marble Range is a small mountain range adjoining the Fraser River on the southwestern edge of the Cariboo Plateau of British Columbia. It has an area of 1250 square kilometres and about 65 km NNW to SSE and about 20 km wide. Its southern flank is the north wall of Marble Canyon and the valley occupied by the ranching and First Nations community of Pavilion.
 The Narran Wetlands also known as the Narran Lakes comprise a series of ephemeral lakes and swamps fed by the Narran River in north-central New South Wales Australia. They are important for waterbirds.
 Lannevesi is a medium-sized lake of Central Finland in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is situated in Saarijärvi municipality. Near the lake there is Lannevesi village.
 Łebsko Lake (German: Lebasee) is a coastal lake in the Pomeranian Voivodeship of Poland. It is the part of Słowiński National Park. The Łeba River flows through Łebsko Lake just before it reaches the Baltic Sea at the town of Łeba. It is 16.4 km long and 7.6 km wide. Maximum depth is 6.3 m. With an area of 7142 ha (71.42km²) it is the largest Pomeranian lake. A 2.5 km (1.6 mi) broad spit including the 42 m (138 ft) high Łącka Góra dune separates it from the sea.
 The Chingstuel is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the cantons of Obwalden and Bern. It lies between the Klein Melchtal and the region of Hasliberg.
 The Valea Fermelor River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Frata River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
 Ape Cave is a lava tube located in Gifford Pinchot National Forest just to the south of Mount St. Helens in Washington state. Its passageway is the longest continuous lava tube in the continental United States and the third longest (in total mapped length) lava tube in the North America at 2.5 miles (4023 meters). Ape Cave is a popular hiking destination with beautiful views of the Mount St. Helens lahar region.
 Mount Tibrogargan is one of the many mountains in the Glass House Mountains National Park north-northwest of Brisbane Australia. It is a volcanic plug of hard alkali rhyolite that squeezed up into the vents of an ancient volcano 27 million years ago.Tibrogargan is one of the most easily recognised mountains in South East Queensland bearing some resemblance to a gorilla or old man hunched over.
 Bistcho Lake is a large lake in north western Alberta Canada.Bistcho Lake has a total area of 413 km2 (159 sq mi) (with 13 km2 (5.0 sq mi) islands area and 413 km2 (159 sq mi) water surface) and lies at an elevation of 552 m (1811 ft). It is the third largest lake in Alberta (or fourth if considering Lake Athabasca which is partly in Saskatchewan).Bistcho Lake is located in the hydrographic basin of the Liard River to which it is connected by the Petitot River.
 The Castle River is a river in Fiordland National Park in the Southland Region of New Zealand. It rises on the slopes of Barrier Peak and flows southeast in a steep-walled valley running parallel to the Clinton Canyon before turning south. It is a tributary of Worsley Stream which empties into the Worsley Arm of Lake Te Anau.
 The Charles River is an 80 mi (129 km) long river that flows in an overall northeasterly direction in eastern Massachusetts. From its source in Hopkinton the river travels through 23 cities and towns until reaching the Atlantic Ocean at Boston. It is also sometimes called the River Charles or simply the Charles.
 The Glafkos (or Glaucus) is a river in Greece. It flows into the Gulf of Patras (Ionian Sea) in Patras. The first hydroelectric power plant was built on this river. Currently it is open to the public as a museum. The boundary of Messatida with Patras is partially over the Glafkos River.
 Geissler is a small lunar impact crater that lies on the northern floor of the much larger walled plain Gilbert near the eastern limb of the Moon. Just to the northeast of this crater attached to the outer rim of Gilbert is the crater pair of Weierstrass and Van Vleck.The rim of Geissler is nearly circular with a slight outward bulge toward the northwest. The rim is sharp-edged and not notably worn.
 The Țibleș River or Zagra River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Bârsa lui Bucur River is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania.
 Camminer See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 61 m its surface area is 0.584 km².
 The Serra del Cadí is a mountain range running north of Catalonia Spain part of the Pre-Pyrenees. Its highest peak is the Vulturó with an altitude of 2648 metres.It stretches from east to west between Alt Urgell and Berguedà. The Llobregat River has its sources in Castellar de n'Hug at an altitude of 1259 meters on the Serra del Cadí.
 Piratucu River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Mont Tondu is a mountain of Savoie and Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Mont Blanc Massif range. It has an elevation of 3196 metres above sea level.
 The Stelnicea River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 The Budoș River is a tributary of the Balvanyos river in Romania.
 Croseus Peak at 10388 feet (3166 m) above sea level is a peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. Croseus has a second summit at 10288 ft (3136 m) which is often marked as the primary and highest summit on maps.
 Karoo is an impact crater on the Asteroid 253 Mathilde Named for the Great Karoo Basin a Coal Basin in South Africa. It is 33.4 kilometers in diameter and was the most prominent crater seen during NEAR Shoemaker's Flyby of the Asteroid.
 The Indrayani river originates in Kurvande village near Lonavla a hill station in the Sahyadri mountains of Maharashtra. Fed by rain it flows east from there to meet the Bhima river through the religious villages of Dehu and Alandi and north of Pune. It is revered as a holy river and is associated with such great religious figures such as Saint Tukaram and Dnyaneshwar.There is a hydroelectric dam called Valvan Dam on the Indrayani at Kamshet.
 The Brătei River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania. The upper reach is also known as Strungulița River.
 The San Rafael Glacier is one of the major outlet glaciers of the Northern Patagonian Ice Field in southern Chile and is the tidewater glacier nearest the equator. It calves into the Laguna San Rafael and is contained within Laguna San Rafael National Park.
 The Eucumbene River a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 Paußnitz is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Goose Lake (Barrington) is a lake of Barrington municipality in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Negrişoara River in Romania.
 Franey Mountain is located in Victoria County in the Canadian province of Nova Scotia within Cape Breton Highlands National Park. Franey Mountain is part of the Cape Breton Highlands plateau and is located 4.5 kilometres (2.8 mi) west of Ingonish Cape Breton Island. The elevation of the mountain is 430 metres (1410 ft). It is the highpoint of the massif between Dundas Brook and Clyburn Brook.
 Wirth Lake is in Theodore Wirth Park a large park managed by the Minneapolis Park and Recreation Board but actually in Golden Valley a neighboring suburb.
 The Pindus (also Pindos or Pindhos) (Greek: Πίνδος) mountain range is located in northern Greece and southern Albania. It is roughly 160 km long with a maximum elevation of 2637 m (Mount Smolikas). Because it runs along the border of Thessaly and Epirus the Pindus range is often called the spine of Greece.
 The Mânăileasa River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Lac d'Hourtin-Carcans is a lake in Gironde France. It is the largest lake situated entirely in France. It lies at an elevation of 14 m (46 ft) and has a surface area of 56.67 km² (21.88 sq. miles).
 Wakrish (local Quechua (from wakri) for flash of lightning hispanicized spelling Huacrish) is a mountain in the west of the Waywash mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5622 metres (18445 ft) high. It is located in the Ancash Region Bolognesi Province Pacllon District and in the Lima Region Cajatambo Province Copa District. Wakrish lies on the sub-range west of Yerupaja northeast of the mountain Awkillu and southeast of the Awkillu Lake.
 The Eagle Hill River is a small river in Ipswich Massachusetts.The river arises within salt marshes just north of Ipswich and empties into the Plum Island Sound. Broad and shallow its total length is approximately 2 miles.See also: Bagwell Island.
 Gravel Lake is a 296-acre (1.20 km2) freshwater lake in the southeast corner of Porter Township near the southern boundary of Van Buren County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The lake is located between Lawton and Marcellus.
 Mindelheimer Köpfl is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Catrimani River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Nelaug is a lake in the municipalities of Froland and Åmli in Aust-Agder county Norway. The lake is formed by a dam which regulates a hydroelectric power plant on the Nidelva river. The village of Nelaug is located near the dam. The lake is located about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) south of the municipal center of Åmli and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) southeast of the village of Dølemo.
 Jaqhichuwa (Aymara jaqhi precipice cliff Aymara and Quechua chuwa plate cliff plate hispanicized spellings Aquichua Aquichuo) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5300 metres (17388 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province Marcapata District. Jaqhichuwa is situated north east of the lake Siwinaqucha and the mountain Chumpi and north of the Yayamari.
 Pljačkovica (Serbian Cyrillic: Пљачковица pronounced [pʎǎtʃkɔʋitsa]) is a mountain in southern Serbia overlooking the city of Vranje. Its highest peak has an elevation of 1231 meters above sea level.Since the mountain is located on a strategic position over the city of Vranje its peak hosts a TV tower and other telecommunication facilities. It was heavily bombed in the NATO bombing of FR Yugoslavia in 1999 and it is significantly contaminated with depleted uranium ammunition.
 Endurance is an impact crater lying situated within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars. This crater was visited by the Opportunity rover from May until December 2004.
 Crawfish Creek is a short stream in Yellowstone National Park in the U.S state of Wyoming This watercourse is known for its unusually warm temperatures compared to other surface water bodies in Wyoming; these elevated temperatures enable crawfish to thrive in the water. Summer water temperatures are in the range of 22 to 24 degrees Celsius; pH levels are typically about 9.1 or somewhat alkaline.
 Crap Sogn Gion (meaning Saint John's stone in Romansh) is a mountain (2252 m) and cable car station (2216 m) located near Flims in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. Regarding the definition used in the Alps by the Swiss Alpine Club it cannot be called a mountain (nor even a peak with a strict definition) but only a location at the end of a ridge descending from the Vorab in the Glarus Alps.
 Oat Hill Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. It is located inside the town of Dartmouth.
 The Volovăț River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 York Sound is a sound located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia opening into the Indian Ocean.The sound is bounded by Cape Pond to the North and Hardey Point with the Coronation Islands to the South.The nearest populated town to the Sound is Kalumburu 180 kilometres (112 mi) to the North East.The main feature of the sound is Boongaree Island which is situated close to the mainland to the South and the Anderdon Islands and Murrara Island to the North.The Hunter and the Roe Rivers both discharge directly into the Sound.The first European to visit the area was the Dutch sailor and explorer Abel Tasman who landed in the area in 1644.The area was surveyed in 1820 by Philip Parker King aboard the Mermaid.
 The Râușor is a tributary of the Cosău River in Romania.
 The Schibenstoll (or Scheibenstoll) is a one of the peaks of the Churfirsten group located in the Appenzell Alps. It lies between the valley of Toggenburg and Lake Walenstadt in the canton of St. Gallen. The summit is easily accessible by a trail on the northern side.
 The Capivari River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The River Blackwater is a tributary of the River Loddon in England and indirectly of the River Thames. It rises at Rowhill on the outskirts of Aldershot between Aldershot in Hampshire and Farnham in Surrey and runs northwards to join the Loddon near the village of Swallowfield in Berkshire. Along part of its length the river forms the boundary between Hampshire and Surrey and then between Hampshire and Berkshire.
 Wietlina is a river of Poland.
 The Iraputã River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lake Charles is a small lake in Nova Scotia’s Halifax Regional Municipality between the communities of Dartmouth and Waverley. It is situated between Port Wallace in the south and Nova Scotia Highway 107 in the North Nova Scotia Highway 118 in the west and Nova Scotia Route 318 to the east. It is the summit of the Shubenacadie Canal where the level of the surface is 31 m above sea level. Located in the Shubenacadie watershed it ultimately feeds into the Bay of Fundy.
 The Râul Poienii is a tributary of the Rod River in Romania.
 Abel Lake is a small lake in the Westland region of the South Island of New Zealand. It is located in the Southern Alps 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of Franz Josef and is fed by the Abel Glacier. A short stream links the lake with the Perth River.
 The Uria River or Pârâul Urii is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Coombe Hill Canal lies in the Vale of Gloucester south west England north of Leigh and runs eastwards 2.75 miles (4.43 km) from Coombe Hill Basin to the River Severn near Wainlode Hill. It opened in 1796 and closed 80 years later in 1876 after the only lock was damaged by flooding. The Gloucestershire Wildlife Trust purchased the Coombe Hill Canal nature reserve in 1985 and the area is managed by the Trust.
 Lake Carey is a salt lake 80 kilometres (50 mi) south of Laverton Western Australia within the Laverton Tectonic Zone that has been associated with the presence of gold since the 1890s and recently there has been renewed exploration drilling. Midas the company who have sponsored the drilling estimates that there may be 25 million ounces (780 tonnes) of gold within the site. It has also been reported that there may well be significant amounts of nickel and zinc.
 The Bradley Branch or Bradley Locks Branch was a short canal of the Birmingham Canal Navigations in West Midlands (county) England. It is now disused and largely dry.
 Stybarrow Dodd (the hill of the steep path) is a mountain or fell in the English Lake District. It stands immediately north of Sticks Pass on the main ridge of the Helvellyn range in the Eastern Fells which is situated between the lakes of Thirlmere and the Ullswater.The summit of Stybarrow Dodd is a smooth rounded grassy dome like its two northern neighbours Watson's Dodd and Great Dodd.
 Chandler River a perennial stream of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 The Isnovăț River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 Clendinning Lake is a medium sized very remote lake located in the Clendinning Range about 98.5 km northwest of Squamish. It is the source of Clendinning Creek a major tributary of the Elaho River.
 Eagle Lake is a backcountry lake in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe in the Desolation Wilderness. It can be reached by hiking west out of the Eagle Lake trailhead on HWY 89 at Emerald Bay State Park.
 Tianmen Mountain (Chinese: 天门山; pinyin: Tiānmén Shān) is a mountain located within Tianmen Mountain National Park Zhangjiajie in northwestern Hunan Province China.A cablecar was constructed by the French company Poma from nearby Zhangjiajie railway station to the top of the mountain.
 The Bandiat is a small river that is 91 km long a left tributary of the Tardoire. It flows through the Haute-Vienne Dordogne and Charente departments in France.
 The Matterhorn (German) Monte Cervino (Italian) or Mont Cervin (French) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy. Its summit is 4478 metres (14692 ft) high making it one of the highest peaks in the Alps. The four steep faces rising above the surrounding glaciers face the four compass points. The mountain overlooks the town of Zermatt in the canton of Valais to the north-east and Breuil-Cervinia in the Aosta Valley to the south.
 The Rio Pomba is a river of Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro states in southeastern Brazil one of the principle tributaries of the Paraíba do Sul.It rises in the city of Barbacena in Minas Gerais and flows south through the Zona da Mata to empty into the Paraíba do Sul between the towns of Cambuci and Itaocara Rio de Janeiro. Its main tributaries are the rivers Piau Xopotó Pardo and Formoso.
 Montanari is a lunar crater. It is located to the west-southwest of the prominent ray crater Tycho and is attached to the southern rim of the walled plain Wilhelm. Along the northwestern side is the crater remnant Lagalla and just to the south is the large walled plain Longomontanus.The rim of Montanari has been so deeply eroded by impacts that it is now little more than an irregular border around the interior floor.
 Barf is a fell in the north-western Lake District in Cumbria UK. It stands on the south-western shore of Bassenthwaite Lake. Barf is well known for a whitewashed pillar of rock on the lower slopes the so-called Bishop's Rock or Bishop of Barf.
 Q'asiri (Aymara q'asiri bawler hispanicized spellings Casiri Kasiri) is a mountain in the Andes about 5828 m (19121 ft) high located in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia in the La Paz Department Larecaja Province Sorata Municipality. It is situated southeast of Janq'u Uma northwest of Qalsata and Ch'iyar Juqhu and northeast of Lake San Francisco.
 The Punta Maria Cristina (3706 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. It lies on the main Alpine watershed between the Dent d'Hérens and the Matterhorn.On the summit is the bivouac Giorgio e Renzo Novella.
 The Englehart River is a river in Timiskaming District in northeastern Ontario Canada. The river rises at an unnamed lake in Bompas Township. The river runs in a generally southeast direction flowing into Long Lake and then emptying that same lake. It then runs east passing through the town of Charlton then north through the town of Englehart before emptying into the Blanche River at Marter Township.
 The Văița River is a tributary of the Moraviţa River in Romania.
 Lake Thunderbird is a reservoir located in Norman Oklahoma. The lake was constructed between 1962 and 1965 for the purpose of providing municipal water to the nearby communities of Del City Midwest City and Norman. It is formed by an earthfill embankment (dam) 7300 feet (2200 m) long and up to 144 feet (44 m) high on the Little River.
 Yumyeongsan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. Its area extends over the counties of Gapyeong and Yangpyeong. It has an elevation of 862 m (2828 ft).
 The Sodolu Mic River is a headwater of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Butano Creek is a principal river in San Mateo County California and carries a large amount of the runoff of the Santa Cruz Mountains into the Pacific Ocean through the delta at its mouth Pescadero Marsh. The creek is 15.0 miles (24.1 km) long.Camp Butano Creek is a Girl Scout camp nestled in the wooded foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains in San Mateo County. The camp is located outside the town of Pescadero and backs up to Butano State Park.
 Hugaboom Lake is a 31-acre (13 ha) lake that is located in northern Delta County Michigan in the Hiawatha National Forest. It is just south of the county line with Alger and Schoolcraft countries and about a mile and half east of the intersection of Federal Forest Highway 13 and County Road 440. Other nearby lakes include Mowe Lake Corner-Straits Chain of lakes Ironjaw Lake and Round Lake.
 Suswa is a shield volcano in the Great Rift Valley Kenya. It is located between Narok and Nairobi the capital of Kenya.Suswa has a unique double crater with a moat-like inner crater surrounding a tilted block of rock.
 The Port de Venasque (7400 feet (2300 m)) is a mountain pass in the Pyrenees. It lies on the border between France and Spain and is a popular border crossing point for mountaineers and walkers. It can be reached in about two to three hours from the Hospice de France South of Bagnères-de-Luchon in France.
 The Little Two River is a 15.9-mile-long (25.6 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in Morrison County Minnesota United States.
 The Moroka River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Whitehorse Mountain is a peak near the western edge of the North Cascades in Washington state. It is located just southwest of the Sauk River Valley town of Darrington near the northern boundary of Boulder River Wilderness in Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest. While not of particularly high absolute elevation even for the North Cascades it is notable for its large steep local relief.
 Mount Bintumani (also known as Loma Mansa) is the highest peak in Sierra Leone at 1945 metres (6381 ft). It lies in the Loma Mountains and its lower slopes are covered in rainforests home to a wide variety of animals. These include Pygmy Hippopotamuses dwarf crocodiles Rufous Fishing-owls and numerous primates.
 De Sitter is a lunar crater that is located near the northern limb of the Moon to the north of the Baillaud–Euctemon crater pair. Due to its location this crater appears very foreshortened when viewed from the Earth limiting the detail that can be viewed. The crater also receives sunlight at a low angle when it is on the sunlit side.This crater forms part of an unusual three-crater cluster with De Sitter overlying the northeast rim of De Sitter L and the southern rim of De Sitter M.
 Lago Prizzi is a lake in the Province of Palermo Sicily Italy. At an elevation of 638 m its surface area is 0.9 km².
 The Mlăcile River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
 The Kawhatau River is a river of the southwestern North Island of New Zealand. Its source is in the Ruahine Range and its outflow is into the larger Rangitikei River which it meets close to Mangaweka.
 Gibbons Creek Reservoir (sometimes referred to as Gibbons Creek Lake) is a power plant cooling reservoir on Gibbons Creek in the Navasota River basin 20 miles (32 km) east of College Station Texas USA.
 Lake Burgas (Bulgarian: Бургаско езеро Burgasko ezero) or Lake Vaya (езеро Вая ezero Vaya) located near the Black Sea west of the city of Burgas is the largest natural lake in Bulgaria with an area of 27.60 km² a length of 9.6 km and a width of 2.5 to 5 km. It is up to 103 feet deep.The lake's waters contain relatively little salt (about 4-11‰).
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Fântânele River in Romania.
 The Né is a 66.1 km long river in the Charente and Charente-Maritime départements in southwestern France.
 Upper Smoky Dome Lake 1 is an alpine lake in Camas County Idaho United States located in the Soldier Mountains in the Sawtooth National Forest. No trails lead to the lake and it is in the Smoky Dome Lakes basin northeast of Smoky Dome which is the highest peak in the Soldier Mountains.
 Žilindar (Serbian Cyrillic: Жилиндар) is a mountain on the border of Serbia and Montenegro between towns of Sjenica and Berane on the central edge of Pešter plateau. Its highest peak Žilindar has an elevation of 1616 meters above sea level.
 The Ord Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert of southern California USA. The range lies in a generally east-west direction and reaches an elevation of 6068 feet (1850 m) above sea level at East Ord Mountain. The range is approximately 14 miles (23 km) long and is about 17 mi (27 km) southeast of the city of Barstow. The Ord Mountains lie directly north of the Lucerne Valley and the San Bernardino Mountains.
 Eschensiepen is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Ponicova River is a tributary of the Danube River in Romania.
 Großer Stechlinsee or Lake Stechlin is a lake in Landkreis Oberhavel Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 60 m its surface area is 4.52 km². The Stechlin cisco a dwarfed fish is found only in this lake. Theodor Fontane's last novel Der Stechlin was set in its vicinity.Stechlinsee has a maximum depth of 69.5 metres making it one of the deepest lakes in the State of Brandenburg. It is also one of the clearest with a visual depth of up to 11 metres (average 6 metres).
 The Chișindia River or Păiușeni River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is sometimes known as Prundu River
 Kidder Mountain is a 1805 feet (550 m) summit located in south-central New Hampshire within the Wapack Range of mountains. It lies within New Ipswich and Temple New Hampshire just off the 22 mi (35 km) Wapack Trail on a 0.9-mile (1.4 km) side trail. Temple Mountain is located directly to the north along the Wapack ridgeline; Barrett Mountain to the south. The summit of the mountain is mostly open and offers expansive views from old pastures.
 Südwestlicher Schafalpenkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Degnepollvatnet or Deknepollvatnet known locally as Polljavatnet is a 0.0697-square-kilometre (17.2-acre) lake in Vågsøy Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The lake is situated on the mainland between the small villages of Degnepoll and Tennebø just 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) east of the town of Måløy. The Norwegian national road 15 highway runs near the southern shore of the lake.Degnepollvatnet is a popular spot for fishing and swimming during the summer.
 Seounsan is a mountain in South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Anseong Gyeonggi-do and Jincheon County Chungcheongbuk-do. It has an elevation of 547.7 m (1797 ft).
 Norsälven is a river flowing between Fryken and Vänern in Värmland Sweden. It used to bee an important river for log driving. During the 1950s there were 6.23 million logs annually floating in the river. The length is 28 km (including Ljusnan River (Värmland) 179 km).
 Västerdalälven (Swedish: Västerdalälven) is a 300 km long river in Sweden that flows southeast through Dalarna. Its sources are Görälven and Fuluälven and the end point is Djurås in the municipality of Gagnef where it connects with Österdalälven to form Dalälven. The annual open water swimming competition Vansbrosimningen takes place in Vanån (2000 m) and Västerdal River (1000 m).
 The Lake of the Woods is a wooded lake located southwest of Bremen Indiana.
 Chambuiaco River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Barn Bluff is a mountain located in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park in the Central Highlands of Tasmania at the junction of the eastern most points of the Murchison River and Mackintosh River river catchments At 1559 metres it is the fourth highest mountain in Tasmania exceeding the height of the more famous Cradle Mountain by 14 metres.It is frequently snow covered sometimes even in summer.
 Skinner Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation near 8000 feet (2400 m) just west of Carver Glacier. Skinner Glacier is on the north slopes of South Sister an extinct stratovolcano.
 The Geißstein sometimes also called the Gaisstein is a mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps with a height of 2366 m AA that straddles the border between the federal Austrian states of Tyrol and SalzburgThe Geißstein lies about seven kilometres southeast of Jochberg. To the east of it is the Vogelalmgraben a right-hand side valley of the Glemmtal. To the southeast is the Mühltal a left-hand valley of the Upper Pinzgau (Oberpinzgau).
 Brianchon is a lunar crater that is located along the northwestern limb of the Moon. Due to its location from the Earth the crater is seen from the edge and its visibility is somewhat affected by libration. Thus for a more detailed view the crater must be viewed from orbit.This crater lies just to the west of the crater Pascal and Desargues is to the southeast.
 The Bayou Gulch is one of the tributaries of the Cherry Creek and is located in the U.S. states of Colorado. It is part of the Colorado Eastern Plains.
 Eichholzkopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany. At an elevation of 610m its peak is located near the local center Rittershausen which is part of the municipality Dietzhölztal.
 The Brenta is an Italian river that runs from Trentino to the Adriatic Sea just south of the Venetian lagoon in the Veneto region.During Roman era it was called Medoacus (Ancient Greek: Mediochos Μηδειοχος) and near Padua it divided in two branches Medoacus Maior (Great Medoacus) and Medoacus Minor (Small Medoacus); the river changed its course in early Middle Ages and its bed through Padua was occupied by Bacchiglione.It is 174 km (108 mi) long and was first channelled in the 16th century when a long canal was built from the village of Stra to the Adriatic Sea bypassing Venetian lagoon. 
 The Iezer River is a tributary of the Repedea River in Romania.
 The Terra Nova River (Pernambuco) is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 The Ogașu Babei is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 Not to be confused with the two smaller hills in Hochtaunuskreis district some 300 km to the North Kleiner Feldberg (826 m) and Großer Feldberg (878 m) in the Taunus.Feldberg is the highest mountain in the Black Forest and also of Germany outside the Alps; with an elevation of 1493 metres (4898 ft). The local municipality was named after the mountain. Freiburg im Breisgau is the closest city.
 The Pilot Mountains are a mountain range in Mineral County Nevada.
 Rakitnica is the main tributary of the first section of the Neretva river known as Upper Neretva (Bosnian: Gornja Neretva). The Rakitnica river formed a 26 km long canyon of its 32 km length that stretches between Bjelašnica and Visočica to southeast from Sarajevo.From canyon there is a hiking trail along the ridge of the Rakitnica canyon which drops 800m below all the way to famous village of Lukomir.
 The Hualapai Mountains ('Amat 'Avii Kahuwaaly in the Mojave language) are a mountain range near Kingman Arizona in Mohave County. Hualapai means People of the tall Pines in the Hualapai language. The mountain range consists of five main peaks Dean Peak Getz Peak Aspen Peak and Hayden Peak that overlook the broad Hualapai Valley to the north toward Kingman and Hualapai Peak the tallest which is generally behind Hayden peak as seen from Kingman.
 Fürstenberg (Baar) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Silberbach (Heubach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The New Junction Canal is a canal in South Yorkshire England. It is part of the Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation (S&SYN) although it was jointly funded by the Aire and Calder Navigation and was opened in 1905. It links the River Don Navigation and the Stainforth and Keadby Canal with the Aire and Calder Navigation (Knottingley Canal).
 The Tauraroa River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows west from near the North Auckland Peninsula's east coast 15 kilometres southwest of Whangarei reaching the Manganui River 15 kilometres east of Dargaville.
 The River Roden is a river in Shropshire England which rises near Wem Moss and meets the River Tern at Walcot.Villages and towns it flows through or near to include:WemLee BrockhurstShawburyRodenRodington↑ ↑
 The Fluchtkogel is a mountain in the Weisskamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Saltstraumen is a small strait with the strongest tidal current in the world. It is located in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. It is located about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of the town of Bodø. The narrow channel connects the outer Saltfjorden to the large Skjerstadfjorden between the islands of Straumøya and Knaplundsøya. The Saltstraumen Bridge on Norwegian County Road 17 crosses the Saltstraumen.
 Rodau (Main) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Neajlov is a river in Romania. It is a tributary of the Argeş River which it meets near Comana Giurgiu County. It rises from the Getic plateau and runs for 186 km (116 mi).
 The Camisas River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Robinson is a small lunar impact crater that lies to the southwest of the large walled plain J. Herschel. It is located in the continental terrain to the north of the Mare Frigoris in the northwestern part of the Moon's near side. To the southwest is another walled plain South.This crater has only been slightly worn through impact erosion and it retains a sharp outer rim and well-defined features.
 The River Erewash /ˈɛrɨˌwɒʃ/ is a river in England that flows roughly southwards through Derbyshire close to its eastern border with Nottinghamshire.
 The Paleface River is a 26.0-mile-long (41.8 km) tributary of the Whiteface River in Saint Louis County Minnesota United States. The Paleface River is approximately 50 miles (80 km) inland from Lake Superior. The banks are heavily wooded with old birch and pine trees.
 Caichinque is a volcanic complex lying between Salar de Talar and Salar de Capur in the high Andean plateau of the Antofagasta Region in Chile. It is located southwest of the Salar de Atacama directly S of Cerro Miñiques and SE of Cordón Puntas Negras forming part of the main branch of the Andean volcanic chain in this area.Route CH-23 is an approach road to the volcano area.
 Marys Peak (formerly Mary's Peak and sometimes still spelled this way) is a mountain in Benton County Oregon United States just southwest of Philomath. It is the highest peak in the Oregon Coast Range. It is also the highest point in Benton Countyand ranks eleventh in the state for prominence.On a clear day at the top of the peak facing east northeast and southeast one can see the cities and suburbs of the Willamette Valley as well as the Cascade Range.
 The Tibagi River (Portuguese Rio Tibagi also spelled Tibagy and Tibají) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paranapanema River.
 The Gorce Mountains (Polish: Gorce [ɡɔrˈt͡sɛ]) are part of the Western Beskids mountain range spreading across southernmost Poland. They are situated in Małopolska Province at the western tip of the long Carpathian range extending east beyond the Dunajec River for some 1500 kilometres (930 mi).
 The Lac des Chicots (Stubs Lake in English) (commonly designated Lac-aux-Chicots) is located in Sainte-Thècle in the Mékinac Regional County Municipality in Mauricie in province of Quebec Canada.
 Mahendragiri is a mountain peak at in the Paralakhemundi (or Parlakimidi) subdivision of the district of Gajapati Orissa India. It is situated amongst the Eastern Ghats at an elevation of 1501 metres (4925 ft).
 The Cloquet River is a 104-mile-long (167 km) river in Minnesota United States. It is the main tributary of the Saint Louis River.
 Kackenköpfe is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Czarna Hańcza Čornaja Hanča (Belarusian: Чорная Ганча Lithuanian: Juodoji Ančia) is the largest river of the Suwałki Region of north-eastern Poland and the Sapockin region of north-western Belarus. It is known for having large postglacial boulders.
 Samica Kierska is a river of Poland a tributary of the Warta.
 The Goshute Valley is an endorheic landform of the Great Basin. The towns of Oasis and Cobre are in the valley's north and the central and north of the valley contains broken flatlands with short washes draining from the surrounding mountain ranges. Interstate 80 crosses the valley and has a junction with State Route 233 at Oasis.
 The Valea Muții River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 Pukarahu (Quechua puka red rahu snow ice mountain with snow red snow covered mountain hispanicized spelling Pucaraju) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5346 metres (17539 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Recuay Province Ticapampa District. Pukarahu lies west of the mountain Yanamaray and northeast of the lake Qiruqucha.
 Jarka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Gołdapa.
 Tverrbottindene is a mountain ridge consisting of 6-7 peaks at the border of Jotunheimen National Park in Oppland Norway. The highest peak Store Tverrbottind reaches 2161 m (7090 ft) above sea level.
 The Romen River (Ukrainian: Ромен; Russian: Ромен) is a right tributary of the Sula River with a length of 111 km and a drainage basin of 1645 km². It begins in the northern Ukrainian Oblast of Chernihiv and flows into the Sula River near the Sumy Oblast city of Romny. The average discharge quantity amounts to 3 m³/s at the delta.The name is of Baltic origin; cf. Lithuanian romus 'quiet.'
 The Claerwen reservoir and dam in Powys Wales were the last additions to the Elan Valley Reservoirs system built to provide water for the increasingly demanding city of Birmingham in neighbouring England. Built mainly of concrete the exterior of the dam face is dressed stone. The dam itself is of a type called a gravity dam.
 The Rapid River is a 4.5-mile-long (7.2 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. It rises in Bergland Township and flows mostly east into the Big Iron River.
 Herdsman Lake (also known as Herdsmans Lake) is a groundwater lake located 6 km north-west of Perth Western Australia in the suburb of Herdsman.The lake is encompassed by Herdsman Lake Regional Park. It measures 2.5 km from north to south and 2 km from east to west totaling over 3 km² (300 hectares). The perimeter of lake is dredged to provide permanent open water 15% of the area during the dry summer months.
 Guanare River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Ch'iyar Quta (Aymara ch'iyara black quta lake black lake hispanicized spellings Chiar Kkota and erroneously also Chiar Kkola) is a small Bolivian lake located in the Sajama Province of the Oruro Department near the border to Chile. It is situated at a height of about 5090 meters (16700 feet) inside the boundaries of the Sajama National Park. Ch'iyar Quta lies south east of the peaks of Laram Q'awa and Kunturiri.
 The Pârâul Rusului is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 The Bella Lui is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Crans-Montana in the Swiss canton of Valais. A cable car station is located near the summit and in winter the mountain is part of ski area.
 At 2502.9 metres above sea level Säntis is the highest mountain in the Alpstein massif of northeastern Switzerland. It is also the culminating point of the whole Appenzell Alps between Lake Walenstadt and Lake Constance. Shared by three cantons the mountain is a highly visible landmark thanks to its exposed northerly position within the Alpstein massif. As a consequence houses called Säntisblick (English: Säntis view) can be found in regions as far away as the Black Forest in Germany.
 Meldrum Mountain el. 9468 feet (2886 m) is a mountain peak in the southwestern section of the Gallatin Range in the Montana portion of Yellowstone National Park. The mountain was named in 1962 by the National Park Service for Judge John W. Meldrum (born September 17 1843 died February 27 1936) the first U.S. Commissioner in Yellowstone National Park a position he held for 41 years (1894-1935).
 Mozhabong Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 The João Paulo River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Vaidei River ( Hungarian: Vajdej-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Racovicioara River is a tributary of the Racovița River in Romania.
 Prevo Peak is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Simushir Island Kuril Islands Russia.
 Karujärv (Bear Lake) is a lake of Estonia. It is located in the western part of Saaremaa.
 Surt is an active volcano on Jupiter's moon Io. It is located on Io's Jupiter-facing hemisphere at 45.21°N 336.49°W﻿ / 45.21; -336.49﻿ (Surt). Surt consists of an oblong volcanic pit (known as a patera) 75 by 40 kilometres (47 by 25 mi) in diameter surrounded by reddish sulfur and bright sulfur dioxide deposits to its south and east. The volcano was first observed in images acquired by the Voyager 1 spacecraft in March 1979.
 Deep Lake is a 66-acre (270000 m2) lake in Siskiyou County California.
 Laguna San Roque is a lake in the Iténez Province Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 190 m its surface area is 4.5 km².
 The Diamond Mountains are a north-south mountain range in east-central Nevada northeast of Eureka. The range is along the Newark Valley and is part of the drainage divide demarcating the Little Smoky-Newark Watershed.The mountains cover an area of 293.4 square miles (760 km2) and reach an elevation of 10029 feet (3057 m) at Diamond Peak in the central portion of the range.
 The Goagiu River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 The River Lod is a short river draining about 52 km2 (20 sq mi) of north west Sussex. The source is on Marley Heights near Haslemere about 140 metres above sea level. From here it flows west past Linchmere then south to Furnace Pond where iron cannon were cast during the English Civil War. It then turns south east flowing south of Fernhurst to Lickfold and Lurgashall where it formerly powered Lurgashall Mill now moved to the Weald and Downland Open Air Museum.
 The Petrovo field (Croatian: Petrovo polje) is a karstic field in Croatia located in inland of Dalmatian Zagora. It is 2500 hectare large circled by mountains Svilaja Promina and Moseć and with the town of Drniš.In Otavice a small village on edge of Petrovo field there is a Meštrović family mausoleum built by the famous Croatian sculptor Ivan Meštrović.
 Rasac (hispanicized spelling) or Rasaq (Quechua for toad) is a mountain of the Waywash mountain range in west central Peru part of the Andes. It has a summit elevation of 6017 metres (19741 ft) (other sources: 6040 m/19816 ft) high. Rasac is a long relatively squat mountain on the western edge of the Waywash range across the glacier from the tallest peak in the range Yerupaja. Although it´s a 6000 metre mountain Rasac´s broad profile is dwarfed by Yerupaja.
 The Lahn River is a 245.6-kilometer (152.6 mi)-long right (or eastern) tributary of the Rhine River in Germany. Its course passes through the federal states of North Rhine-Westphalia (23.0 km) Hesse (165.6 km) and Rhineland-Palatinate (57.0 km).It has its source in the Rothaargebirge the highest part of the Sauerland. It meets the Rhine at Lahnstein near Koblenz.
 The Cotmeana River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Kuyuq (Quechua kuyuy to move -q a suffix the one that moves hispanicized spelling Cuyoc) is a mountain in the south of the Waywash mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5550 metres (18209 ft) high. It is located in the Lima Region Cajatambo Province Cajatambo District. Kuyuq lies north of Pumarinri.
 The Ireanc is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 The Pava River is a tributary of the Zăbala river in Romania.
 Potrero Hills Pond is a small lake in Richmond California. It was formed from quarrying of hills near Potrero Hills at the Blake Brothers Quarry. It is fed by underground springs. It is now polluted and surrounded by a Chevron Richmond Refinery tank farm.
 Birreencorragh is a mountain in the Nephin Beg Range County Mayo Ireland reaching 698 metres (2290 ft) above sea level. It is separated from nearby mountains such as Glennamong and Nephin Beg in the west and Nephin in the east by deep depressions. It makes a good viewpoint of the Nephin Beg Range. The name Birreencorragh derives from the Irish Birín Corrach meaning rocky little spike; birín is found in very few Irish toponyms.
 Ōmura Bay (大村湾 Ōmura-wan) is a bay of the East China Sea in the centre of Nagasaki Prefecture Japan.
 Thira is a crater on Mars. It is located within the larger crater Gusev. It is named after the town of Fira on the island of Santorini Greece.Thira is about 20km east of the landing site of NASA's Spirit rover. The rim of the crater can be seen in the distance in images taken by Spirit.
 The Glass House Mountains are a group of eleven hills that rise abruptly from the coastal plain on the Sunshine Coast Queensland Australia. The highest mountain is Mount Beerwah at 556 m above sea level but the most identifiable of all the mountains is Mount Tibrogargan which appears like a giant ape sitting by the roadside staring out to sea.The mountains were named by explorer Captain James Cook on 17 May 1770. The peaks reminded him of the glass furnaces in his home county of Yorkshire.
 The Eagle River is a 2.6-mile-long (4.2 km) stream on the Keweenaw Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The river flows into Lake Superior in the community of Eagle River.
 The Morong River (Tagalog: Ilog ng Morong) also referred to as the Morong-Teresa River is a river system in Rizal Philippines. It is one of 21 major tributaries of Laguna de Bay.
 The Do Ouro River (Rio Grande do Sul) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Grand Veymont (Le Grand Veymont) a mountain in the district of Gresse-en-Vercors part of the department of Isère France is the highest point (2341 metres) of the Massif du Vercors but not the highest of the Vercors Regional Natural Park (which is the Rocher Rond at 2453m). It has a prominence of 1165 metres and an isolation of 26.88 kilometres.
 Schlossauer Ohe is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Kolla is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Drașcu River is a tributary of the Cib River in Romania.
 Signal Peak at 10365 feet (3159 m) high is the highest peak in the Pine Valley Mountains of Washington County in southwestern Utah. Signal Peak is located north of the city of St. George and south of the community of Pine Valley in Dixie National Forest. The peak is located within the Pine Valley Mountain Wilderness.
 Triebtenseewli is a lake near Grimsel Pass in the Canton of Berne Switzerland. Its surface area is 10 ha.
 The Vârciorog is a left tributary of the Arieşul Mare River in Romania. The 15 m high Vârciorog Waterfall is a tourist attraction on the river located in the Apuseni Natural Park.
 Fedaia Lake is a lake in Trentino and the Province of Belluno Italy.
 Deer Creek is a large stream in Northern California that flows through Tehama County California. It is an eastside tributary of the Sacramento River draining 134 square miles (350 km2). The creek flows roughly southwest for most of its 68.8-mile (110.7 km) length. Its headwaters are in Lassen National Forest at an elevation of 7320 feet (2230 m) on Butt Mountain in the Cascade Range several miles west of Lake Almanor.
 The Rock River is a 17.5-mile-long (28.2 km) river in Alger County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It flows through the Rock River Canyon Wilderness of Hiawatha National Forest then turns north and flows to Lake Superior at the village of Rock River.
 The Baiu Mare River is a tributary of the Prislop River in Romania.
 Stjørdalselva (English: Stjørdal River) is a 70-kilometre (43 mi) long river that reaches from near the Norwegian–Swedish border down the Stjørdalen valley through the municipalities of Meråker and Stjørdal before entering the Trondheimsfjord. The mouth is located between the villages of Stjørdalshalsen and Hell just south of Trondheim Airport Værnes.
 Llyn Alaw (English: Lily Lake) is a man-made reservoir on Anglesey North Wales managed by Dwr Cymru / Welsh Water. It is used to supply drinking water to the northern half of the island and does so at a rate of 35 million litres a day. Filling began in November 1965 flooding the existing marsh of Cors y Bol and was completed in January 1966. It was officially opened on October 21 1966.The catchment is largely agricultural and few notable rivers feed into the lake.
 The Weiser River is a 103-mile-long (166 km) tributary of the Snake River in western Idaho in the United States. It drains a mountainous area of 1660 square miles (4300 km2) consisting primarily of low rolling foothills intersected by small streams south and east of Hells Canyon along the Idaho-Oregon border.
 Mount Elden or Elden Mountain is located in central Coconino County northeast of Flagstaff Arizona.
 Sogyebangsan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1490 metres.
 Parker Canyon Lake is located in southeastern Arizona 28 miles (45 km) southwest of Sierra Vista around the Huachuca Mountains and about 5 miles (8.0 km) north of the border with Mexico. The lake is a reservoir formed by a dam in Parker Canyon in the south end of the Canelo Hills in southwestern Cochise County. Parker Canyon is a tributary to the Santa Cruz River in the San Rafael Valley. The facilities are maintained by Coronado National Forest division of the USDA Forest Service.
 Rüsler Pass (el. 649 m.) is a mountain pass in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.It connects Oberrohrdorf and Neuenhof. The pass road is a continuation of the Heitersberg Pass road.The pass separates the valley of the Reuss from the valley of the Limmat. The road is closed to motorized vehicles.There is a restaurant at the summit and it is the trail head for many trails and bike routes.
 Barwon River a perennial river that is part of the Murray–Darling basin is located in the north-west slopes and Orana regions of New South Wales Australia.The name barwon is derived from the Australian Aboriginal words of barwum or bawon meaning great wide awful river of muddy water; and also baawan a Ngiyambaa name for both the Barwon and Darling rivers.
 Lough MacNean (from Irish: Loch Mac nÉan meaning Mac nÉan's lake) is a large freshwater lake on the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland. It is in two parts. Lower Lough MacNean (or Lough Nilly) the smaller eastern lake is wholly within County Fermanagh (in Northern Ireland). Upper Lough MacNean the larger western lake is split between County Fermanagh County Cavan and County Leitrim (in the Republic of Ireland).
 Pages Creek a mostly perennial stream of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Hunter region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Pâclele River or Murătoarea Pâclei River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Lake Bütgenbach is an artificial lake created by the damming of the Warche river in 1932. It is located near the village of Bütgenbach in Ardennes (High Fens) Belgium. The lake is not far from the border of Germany.It is a popular tourist attraction with water sports including Kayaking and Windsurfing.
 The Rüdigenspitze is a mountain of the Gastlosen located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Fribourg and Bern. It lies south of Jaun.
 Cheyyaru River is an important seasonal river that runs through the Thiruvannamalai District of the state of Tamil Nadu in South India. It is a tributary of Palar River a river which originates in Jawadhu Hills and flows through Thiruvannamalai district before emptying into the Bay of Bengal. The river receives most of its water from the Northeast and Southwest monsoons and is the major source of irrigation for several villages including the towns of Cheyyaru Vandavasi along its bank.
 The Studerhorn (3634 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It lies between the Finsteraarhorn and the Oberaarhorn on the ridge separating the basins of the Unteraar Glacier (north) and the Fiescher Glacier (south).The mountain was named in honour of the Swiss geologist Gottlieb Samuel Studer.
 The Wapack Range sometimes referred to as the Pack Monadnock Range is a 20-mile range of mountains in south-central New Hampshire and adjacent Massachusetts. The range is considered very scenic and rugged with many bare summits and ledges ranging from 1800 feet to 2290 feet. The 22 mile Wapack Trail one of the oldest interstate hiking trails in the United States traverses it. The Wapack Range is also the northern terminus of the 90 mile Midstate Trail.
 The Alsenz is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany a right tributary to the Nahe River. It rises in Enkenbach-Alsenborn north-east of Kaiserslautern flows generally north and joins the Nahe in Bad Münster am Stein-Ebernburg. Its length is roughly 57 km. Towns along the Alsenz include Winnweiler Rockenhausen and Alsenz.
 East Bay (Florida) is a bay located in the far western Florida Panhandle. Milton which is the county seat of Santa Rosa County is located on the north end of the bay. Unusually East Bay is connected to open waters via Pensacola Bay to its southwest. The bay is fed primarily by the Blackwater River.During Hurricane Ivan's landfall in September 2004 the storm surge from the Gulf of Mexico came into East Bay flooding the shoreline of the bay.
 The Cotumba River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Port de Lers (or Port de l'Hers or Port de Massat 1517 m.) is a high mountain pass in the French Pyrenees in the department of Ariège between the communities of Aulus-les-Bains (west) Massat (north) and Vicdessos (east).
 Triangle Pond is a 10-acre (40000 m2) pond in the Cedarville section of Plymouth Massachusetts. The pond is located northwest of Great Herring Pond north of Island Pond southwest of Little Herring Pond and east of Long Duck Pond.
 The Bordul River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Bear River is the largest tributary of the Great Salt Lake draining a mountainous area and farming valleys northeast of the lake and southeast of the Snake River Plain. It flows through southwestern Wyoming southeastern Idaho and northern Utah in the United States. Approximately 491 miles (790 km) long it is the largest river in North America that does not ultimately reach the sea.
 Kinsach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Picture Rock Pass (el. 4830 ft.) is a mountain pass in Oregon traversed by Oregon Route 31. It is located between the communities of Silver Lake and Paisley in Lake County. Geographically it separates Silver and Summer lakes. These two lakes with their related drainage basins are the most northwesterly part of the Great Basin.The name of the pass comes from some pictograms on rocks south of the highway which are not presently understood.
 The Tarn (Occitan: Tarn Latin: Tarnis possibly meaning 'rapid' or 'walled in') is a 381-kilometre (237 mi) long river in southern France (régions Languedoc-Roussillon and Midi-Pyrénées) right tributary of the Garonne.
 The Elands River (Afrikaans: Elandsrivier) is a river in the North West Province South Africa. It is a tributary of the Crocodile River (West) part of the Limpopo River basin.
 Tuglow River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Șuica River is a tributary of the Negrişoara River in Romania.
 Mount Bombalai is part of a volcanic field on the Semporna peninsula in northeastern Borneo. The volcano lies in Tawau Division Sabah Malaysia across Cowie Harbour from the Indonesian province of East Kalimantan and is the only volcano in the country.[citation needed] The low volcanic cone is located north of Sebatik Island and has a roughly 300-m-wide crater breached to the south. Two young lava flows extend almost to the coastal plain.
 The Parral River is a river of Mexico. It is a tributary of the Rio Florido which flows into the Rio Conchos which in turn flows into the Rio Grande.
 Schweinnaab is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Alamito Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Texas. It is a tributary of the Rio Grande which is joins near Presidio Texas.
 The Brennisteinsalda is a volcano in the south of Iceland. Its height is about 855 m. It is situated near Landmannalaugar and not far from Hekla.The name means in English: sulphur wave. It comes from the sulphur spots which have coloured its sides. But there are other colours too: green from mosses black and blue from lava and ashes red from iron in the earth.
 Breznik Heights (Breznishki Vazvisheniya \'brez-nish-ki v&-zvi-'she-ni-ya\) rises to over 600 m in the southeast part of Greenwich Island. They extend 12 km between Santa Cruz Point in the northeast and the base of the moraine spit of Provadiya Hook at the mouth of Yankee Harbour in the southwest.
 Diep River (Afrikaans Dieprivier) drains the area between the Kasteel Mountain (north of Malmesbury) and the northern slopes of the Durbanville Hills in the Western Cape a province of South Africa.
 Dario is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 151 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Dario is named for the Nicaraguan poet Rubén Darío who lived from 1867 to 1916.
 The Răcad River is a river in Romania tributary of the Săcuieu River.
 Arctomys Cave is a cave in Trio Mountain above the Moose River Valley in Mount Robson Provincial Park in the Rocky Mountains of British Columbia. Arctomys Cave has 3496 metres of surveyed passages and is currently Canada's second deepest known cave at 536 metres (1608 feet) deep.
 This article is about the River Cole in the West Midlands go to River Cole Wiltshire for the other river.The River Cole is a 25 miles (40 km) river in the English Midlands. It rises on the lower slopes of Forhill one of the south-western ramparts of the Birmingham Plateau at Hob Hill near Wythall; and flows largely north-east across the plateau to enter the River Blythe below Coleshill near Ladywalk shortly before the Blythe meets the Tame.
 The Tueré River is a river within Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Bidouze is a left tributary of the Adour in the French Basque Country (Pyrénées-Atlantiques) in the Southwest of France.
 The Roßkopf is a mountain in the Austrian state of Tyrol in the Kitzbühel Alps. It is 1731 metres (5679 ft) high and lies about 7 kilometres due south of Wörgl. To the northeast an arête descends to the Marchbachjoch or Markbachjoch (1496 m); another ridge runs northeast to the Kirchköpfl (1487 m) and a third to the Turmkogel (1648 m) to the south. The summit of the Roßkopf is the highest in the local area.
 Titan Tower also known as The Titan is the largest of the Fisher Towers near Moab and Castle Valley Utah. It has also been attributed to be the largest free-standing natural tower in the United States. The tower contains the Finger of Fate Route which is recognized in the historic climbing text Fifty Classic Climbs of North America and considered a classic around the world.
 Smith River is a tributary of the Missouri River in central Montana in the United States. It rises in southern Meagher County in the Castle Mountains and flows northwest in the valley between the Big Belt and Little Belt mountains past White Sulphure Springs and past Smith River State Park.
 The Rosablanche is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking the Lac des Dix in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range between the valleys of Bagnes (west) and Hérémence (east) north of Le Pleureur.
 Loch Ore is a loch situated in Fife Scotland. It forms the core of Lochore Meadows Country Park. It is used mainly for leisure purposes especially yachting although the uneven depth can make the likes of speed boating problematic.The original loch was drained in the 1790s when the landowner Captain Park attempted to improve the estate and extend cultivation. The project was not a success and the land formerly occupied by the loch remained boggy and difficult to exploit commercially.
 Col de Tende (Italian: Colle di Tenda; elevation 1870 m) is a high mountain pass in the Alps near the border of France and Italy even thought the entire pass summit is in France.It separates the Maritime Alps from the Ligurian Alps. It connects Nice and Tende in Alpes-Maritimes with Cuneo in Piedmont.A railway tunnel inaugurated in 1898 and a Road Tunnel inaugurated in 1882 run under the pass.
 The Pointe de la Galoppaz elevation 1681 metres (5515 ft) is a mountain in the Bauges Massif in Savoie France.
 The Schwalmere is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located between Kiental and Lauterbrunnen in the Bernese Oberland. It lies on the range north of the Schilthorn.
 The Niobrara River (/ˌnaɪ.əˈbrærə/; from the Ponca Ní Ubthátha khe pronounced [nĩꜜ ubɫᶞaꜜɫᶞa kʰe] meaning water spread-out horizontal-the; Cheyenne: Hisse Yovi Yoe meaning surprise river) (Pawnee: Kíckatariʾ ) is a tributary of the Missouri River approximately 568 miles (914 km) long running through the U.S. states of Wyoming and Nebraska. The river drains one of the most arid sections of the Great Plains and has a low flow for a river of its length.
 Lake Dem is a small lake in northern Burkina Faso located to the north of Kaya south of the Sahel Reserve and south-east of Lake Bam. It drains into the White Volta. It is 5 km long and 2 km wide. It lies at an elevation of 304 m (997 feet).
 The Jauru River (Portuguese Rio Jauru) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paraguay River.
 This article is about the mountain in New Hampshire. For other mountains with similar names see Monadnock (disambiguation)Mount Monadnock or Grand Monadnock is a mountain in the New England state of New Hampshire known for its presence in the writings of Ralph Waldo Emerson and Henry David Thoreau. It is the most prominent mountain peak between the White Mountains of New Hampshire and the Massachusetts Berkshires and is the highest point in Cheshire County New Hampshire.
 The Tapera River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Frasin River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 Ørsdalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Bjerkreim in Rogaland county Norway.
 The Coșava Mare River is a headwater of the Coșava River in Romania.
 The Debren River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Benbradagh (from Irish Binn Bhradach meaning thief's peak) is a mountain in County Londonderry Northern Ireland. It is the second most northerly summit in the Sperrin Mountains area and the 564th highest summit in Ireland. It rises to 465 metres (1526 ft) and lies to the east of Dungiven.
 Brenner is an old lunar crater that lies in the rugged southeastern part of the Moon's near side. It is named after the Serbian astronomer Spiridon Gopčević (who was also a publicist under the pen name of Leo Brenner) and is located within one crater diameter northwest of the crater pair Metius and Fabricius.This ancient formation has been deeply eroded by subsequent impacts to the point where only the western part still resembles a crater.
 The Boul River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
 The Altai Mountains (Altay Mountains) are a mountain range in East-Central Asia where Russia China Mongolia and Kazakhstan come together and are where the rivers Irtysh and Ob have their headwaters.
 West Suffield Mountain est. 710 feet (220 m) is a traprock mountain ridge located between the Berkshires and the Connecticut River Valley in north-central Connecticut. It is part of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border. West Suffield Mountain is known for its scenic ledges and woodlands unique microclimate ecosystems and rare plant communities.
 Gyldén is the remnant of a lunar crater that is located to the northeast of the walled plain Ptolemaeus on the Moon. It lies along the prime meridian of the selenographic coordinate system and less than 150 km south of the lunar equator.
 The Bedded Range is a mountain range in the Hozameen Range subdivision of the Canadian Cascades which are the extension of the Cascade Range into British Columbia Canada. Located between the Coquihalla and Tulameen Rivers the Bedded Range is a dioritic plug related to the Chilliwack batholith.
 The Valea Pleșii River is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania.
 Ibn Firnas is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon in honour of Abbas Ibn Firnas (a polymath from Andalucia Spain) who in the 7th century devised a chain of rings that could be used to simulate the motions of the planets and stars. Attached to the exterior of its southwestern rim is the prominent crater King. Only a few kilometers to the north separated by a rugged stretch of terrain is the larger crater Ostwald.
 The Lillooet River is a major river of the southern Coast Mountains of British Columbia. It begins at Silt Lake on the southern edge of the Lillooet Crown Icecap about 80 kilometres northwest of Pemberton and about 85 kilometres northwest of Whistler. Its upper valley is about 95 kilometres in length entering Lillooet Lake about 15 km downstream from Pemberton on the eastern outskirts of the Mount Currie reserve of the Lil'wat branch of the St'at'imc people.
 Pölshals Pass elevation 815 m (2674 ft) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the Austrian Bundesland of Styria.It connects Pöls with the valley of the Mur River.The pass was already in use in Roman times.
 Große Haube is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. It is 658 metres above sea level. The mountain is part of a large low mountain range located in Bavaria. The name Große Haube is German for large hood.
 The Slocan River is a 97-mile (156 km) long tributary of the Kootenay River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is part of the Columbia River basin as the Kootenay River is a tributary of the Columbia River. Its drainage basin is 3290 square kilometres (1270 sq mi) in area.
 The Pârâul lui Samoilă is a tributary of the Pârâul Stâna lui Rusu in Romania.
 Cox Lake is a lake located south east of Port Alberni British Columbia. Named after the Cox family who lived at Cape Beale lighthouse in the 1870s.
 The Hârboca River is a tributary of the Câlnău River in Romania.
 Mont Chaberton is a 3131 metres (10272 ft) peak in the French Alps in the group known as the Massif des Cerces in the département of Hautes-Alpes. Chaberton is in the municipality of Montgenèvre in the Briançonnais region. It is easily recognisable by its pyramidal shape and flat top.
 Ports de Tortosa-Beseit (Valencian pronunciation: [ˈpɔɾts ðe toɾˈtoza beˈzejt]) also known as Ports de Beseit or simply as Els Ports or Lo Port by locals is a limestone mountain massif located at the north-eastern end of the Sistema Ibérico a complex system of mountain ranges and massifs in the centre of the Iberian Peninsula. Its highest point is Mont Caro 1441 m. Rivers like the Matarranya and the Sénia have their source in these mountains.
 The Sargent Icefield is a large icefield located on the eastern portion of the Kenai Peninsula bordering Prince William Sound in Alaska. The ice field has numerous outflow glaciers including the Chenega Princeton and Ellsworth Glaciers.
 Luktvatnet is a lake that lies in the northern part of the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. The lake lies between the mountains Korgfjellet and Lukttinden about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of Elsfjord. The European route E06 highway passes along the northern shore of the lake.
 The Buzăiel River or Buzoel River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 The Valea Coacăzei River is a tributary of the Sbârcioara River in Romania.
 The Canadian Rockies comprise the Canadian segment of the Rocky Mountains range. They are the eastern part of the Canadian Cordillera extending from the Interior Plains of Alberta to the Rocky Mountain Trench of British Columbia. The southern end borders Idaho and Montana of the USA. The northern end is at the Liard River in northern British Columbia.The Canadian Rockies have numerous high peaks and ranges such as Mount Robson (3954 m (12972 ft)) and Mount Columbia (3747 m (12293 ft)).
 The Soveto River or Sovetul River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
 The Secăruia Mare River is a headwater of the Secăruia river in Romania.
 The Maas–Waal Canal (Dutch: Maas–Waalkanaal) is a canal in the Netherlands that connects the river Meuse (Dutch: Maas) to the river Waal. The channel is about 13.5 kilometres (8.4 mi) long and runs from Weurt (west of Nijmegen) to the south and ends at Heumen. The connection of the Meuse and the Maas–Waal Canal is the tripoint between the provinces of Gelderland Limburg and North Brabant.
 Plutarch is a lunar impact crater that lies near the north-northeastern limb of the Moon just to the south of the irregular crater Seneca. To the southeast is the flooded crater Cannon. The proximity of this crater to the limb causes it to appear foreshortened when viewed from the Earth but it is actually a circular formation.This crater has a well-defined rim edge that is only slightly eroded.
 The Tarim River (Mandarin Tǎlǐmù Hé 塔里木河; Uyghur: تارىم دەرياسى) is the principal river of the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region in the People's Republic of China. It gives its name to the great Tarim Basin between the Tian Shan and Kunlun Mountains systems (the northern edge of the Tibetan Plateau) of Central Asia. It is the longest inland river in China with an annual flow of 4-6 billion cubic meters or 158.5 cubic metres per second (5600 cu ft/s).
 The Valea Cârpătoare River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
 The Congo River (French: (le) fleuve Congo pronounced: [(lə) flœv kɔ̃ɡɔ]; in the past also known as the Zaire River) is a river in Africa and the world's deepest river with measured depths in excess of 220 m (720 ft). It is the second largest river in the world by volume of water discharged. Additionally its overall length of 4700 km (2920 mi) makes it the ninth longest river.The Congo gets its name from the ancient Kingdom of Kongo which inhabited the lands at the mouth of the river.
 The Aluniș River is a tributary of the Nireş River in Romania.
 The Martonca River ( Hungarian: Martonka-patak from the name Martin ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Loch Libo is a freshwater loch in East Renfrewshire Parish of Neilston Scotland. The Lugton Water has its source from the southern end of loch running 14 miles before reaching its confluence with the River Garnock near Kilwinning. The village of Uplawmoor and the hamlet of Shillford lie nearby. 3 mi (4.8 km) away to the southwest is the town of Neilston.
 Wright is a lunar impact crater that is located near the western limb of the Moon. It lies on the irregular plain between the Montes Cordillera and Montes Rook two ring-shaped mountain ranges that surround the Mare Orientale. To the north of Wright is the crater Pettit.The outer rim of Wright is somewhat irregular with an outward bulge along the northeastern side. The rim is sharp-edged and the inner walls have slumped down to form a shelf along parts of the side.
 Kvesjøen is a lake in Lierne municipality in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake lies just inside the Norwegian border with Sweden on the west end of the lake Murusjøen. The 19.09-square-kilometre (7.37 sq mi) lake sits 320 metres (1050 ft) above sea level. The lake contains four different fish species; arctic char burbot trout and pike.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Tratel River in Romania
 The Billings Reservoir (locally known as Represa Billings) is the largest reservoir in São Paulo Brazil covering a total of 127 km². It is named after Asa White Kenney Billings the United States hydroelectric engineer who was instrumental in building it. The Portuguese word represa also means dam.The reservoir supplies about 1.8 million people and also is used for fishing and swimming.
 The Nykis is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania.It is a tributary of the Liaudė.
 Riley Lake is a lake in geographic Ryde Township in the town of Gravenhurst District Municipality of Muskoka in Central Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin.There is one named inflow Green's Creek at the northeast. The primary outflow is Riley Creek at the south that flows via the Black River and Severn River to Georgian Bay on Lake Huron.The community of Riley Lake is located on the lake.
 The Upper Tamarack River is a 31.0-mile-long (49.9 km) tributary of the St. Croix River in Wisconsin and Minnesota United States.
 Rinnebach (Ohebach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Mirapuxi River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Mount Pelée (/pəˈleɪ/; French: Montagne Pelée Bald Mountain) is an active volcano at the northern end of the island and French overseas department of Martinique in the Lesser Antilles island arc of the Caribbean. Its volcanic cone is composed of layers of volcanic ash and hardened lava.The stratovolcano is famous for its eruption in 1902 and the destruction that resulted dubbed the worst volcanic disaster of the 20th century. The eruption killed about 30000 people.
 Longerakvatnet or Longeraksvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Bygland in Aust-Agder county Norway. It has a dam on it which discharges into the Longerakåni river which flows into the Byglandsfjorden near Longerak. The lake is located about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) southeast of the village of Lauvdal and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of the village of Byglandsfjord.
 Catchacoma Lake is a lake located in the Kawartha Highlands of Ontario Canada.
 Fiagdon (Russian: Фиагдон Ossetian: Фыййагдон) is a river in North Ossetia–Alania (Russia) a left tributary of the Terek River. The length of the Fiagdon is 74 km. Verkhny Fiagdon and Dzuarikau are one of the major villages that lie on Fiagdon River.
 Brigade Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island west of Sproat Lake.
 The Salitre River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Lost Lake is a lake located in Whistler British Columbia Canada. The area around it Lost Lake Park is part of the municipal park system's cross-country skiing trails and until hotel development overshadowed views of the park's swimming docks was Whistler's long-time nude sunbathing beach.
 The Annapolis River is a Canadian river located in Nova Scotia's Annapolis Valley.
 Lake Beautiful is a lake on Vancouver Island at the head of Cruikshank River on Forbidden Plateau in Strathcona Provincial Park.
 Loch Veyatie (Gaelic: Loch Mheathadaidh) is a large body of water in north-west Scotland. It stretches for 6 km north-westwards from the settlement of Elphin and lies between Suilven and Cùl Mòr. It reaches depths of around 30 m. The boundary between Ross-shire and Sutherland (and therefore between the parishes of Lochbroom and Assynt) runs the length of the loch.Well known for its trout (including ferox) and charr it is a popular destination for anglers.
 Mink Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Located at the head of Leigh Canyon Mink Lake is 0.90 miles (1.45 km) south of Maidenform Peak.
 Tipasjärvi is a medium-sized lake including two lakes (Iso Tipasjärvi and Pieni Tipasjärvi) in the Oulujoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Kainuu. This contains many small islands including Vuorissaari and Huuskonsaari.
 The Vis is a 57.9 km long river in south-central France in the Languedoc-Roussillon région right tributary of the Hérault River. Its source is in the Cévennes near the village of Alzon. It flows between the Causse du Larzac and the Causse de Blandas into the Hérault département and the Gard département. The Vis flows into the Hérault River near Ganges.
 Mount Ruapehu or just Ruapehu is an active stratovolcano at the southern end of the Taupo Volcanic Zone in New Zealand. It is 23 kilometres northeast of Ohakune and 40 kilometres southwest of the southern shore of Lake Taupo within Tongariro National Park. The North Island's major skifields and only glaciers are on its slopes.Ruapehu is one of the world's most active volcanoes and the largest active volcano in New Zealand.
 Szczeberka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Blizna.
 The Bădila River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 The Carpenul River is a tributary of the Muncaciu River in Romania.
 Mount McKay is a mountain in the Australian Alps region of Australia's Great Dividing Range. Skiing is possible during the winter. Nearby is the Falls Creek Alpine Village.
 The Oka (Russian: Ока Buryat: Аха) is a river in Siberia left tributary of the Angara River. It originates in the Sayan Mountains in western Buryatia and flows through Irkutsk Oblast. It flows for 630 km (391 mi) into the Bratsk reservoir.
 The Murătoarea River is a tributary of the Bălăneasa River in Romania.
 Neutscher Höhe is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Colbu River or Izvorul Giumalăului River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 Mena is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 25 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Mena is named for the Spanish poet Juan de Mena who lived from 1411 to 1456.
 Drude is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon in the rugged Montes Cordillera range that forms the outer ring around the Mare Orientale impact basin. It is located just behind the west-southwest limb and this area is sometimes brought into sight from Earth during favorable librations.
 Pic d'Anie (Basque Auñamendi) is a peak of the Pyrenees of France it is 2507 metres (8225 ft) high and it is located very close to the border with Spain.Surrounding the almost perfectly pyramidal Pic d'Anie is the spectacular karst landscape of Larra in the Larra-Belagua massif (Navarre).The three main access ways to the peak are: Belagua in Spain and Pierre-Saint Martin and Lescun (French department of Pyrénées-Atlantiques) also known as the French side.
 For the Valley Wash & Mountains of the same name see Piute Valley Piute Wash (Piute Mountains-south)The Piute Range is located in the Mojave Desert primarily in northeast San Bernardino County California United States with a north portion in Nevada. Most of the range is the eastern border of the Mojave National Preserve a National Park Service natural area and park.
 Heart Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. No trail lead to the lake but it is most easily accessed from Sawtooth National Forest road 209.Heart Lake is north of Washington Peak and downhill of the Six Lakes Basin
 Mount Ellery with an elevation of 1280 metres (4200 ft) AMSL is a mountain that is part of the Errinundra Plateau within the Errinundra National Park located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria. The mountain is approximately 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) south of the hamlet of Goongerah.
 The Santa Lucía Chico is a river of Uruguay.
 The Xoulces is a small but abundant river in France which flows in Lorraine in the Vosges department. It is a left tributary of the Moselotte and thus a sub-tributary of the Rhine via the Moselotte and the Moselle.
 The Mata River is a river of the East Coast of the North Island of New Zealand. It flows northeast from the slopes of Mount Arowhana in the Raukumara Range to join with the Tapuaeroa River close to the settlement of Ruatoria in doing so forming the Waiapu River which reaches the Pacific Ocean near Rangitukia 10 kilometres south of East Cape.
 The Pârâul Sărat is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The Ångerman River (also known as the Angerman River or Ångermanälven in Swedish) is one of Sweden's longest rivers with a total length of 460 kilometers. It also has the third largest amount of water running through it after Göta älv and Lule River.It starts in the Scandinavian mountain range in the southern parts of the Swedish province of Lapland and continues through Jämtland. It increases in power as it flows through the province of Ångermanland from which its name is derived.
 Clavius is one of the largest crater formations on the Moon and it is the third largest crater on the visible near side. It is located in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon to the south of the prominent ray crater Tycho. The crater is named for the Jesuit priest Christopher Clavius a 16th-century German mathematician and astronomer.
 The Bridge River is or was a major tributary of British Columbia's Fraser River entering that stream about six miles upstream from the town of Lillooet.
 The Macasía River is a river of the Dominican Republic. A part of the river forms a small part of the international border between the Dominican Republic and Haiti.
 Kumu River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Rokan River.
 Mount Lawrence Grassi is a mountain located immediately south of the town of Canmore just east of the Spray Lakes road in Alberta's Canadian Rockies. The mountain sports two subsidiary peaks: Ha Ling Peak on the northwestern end and the Ship's Prow on the southeastern side. The mountain is separated from Mount Rundle by Whiteman's Gap.The mountain is named for Lawrence Grassi (1890–1980) an Italian miner who emigrated to Canada in 1912.
 Beagle Channel is a strait in the archipelago island chain of Tierra del Fuego on the extreme southern tip of South America partly in Chile and partly in Argentina. The channel separates the larger main island of Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego from various smaller islands including the islands of Picton Lennox and Nueva; Navarino; Hoste; Londonderry; and Stewart.
 Gloucester River (/ˈɡlɒstər/ GLOS-tər) a perennial river and major tributary of the Manning River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter district of New South Wales Australia.
 The West Branch Pleasant River is a tributary of the Pleasant River in Washington County Maine. From the confluence of Branch Brook and Bells Brook (44°37′57″N 67°45′20″W) in southeast Columbia the river meanders 2.3 miles (3.7 km) south to the estuary of the Pleasant River at Addison.
 The Secătura River is a tributary of the Șimon River in Romania.
 The Williams River is a tributary of the Gauley River 33 miles (53 km) long in east-central West Virginia USA. Via the Gauley Kanawha and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 132 square miles (342 km²) in a sparsely populated region of the southern Allegheny Mountains and the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 Corazón (Spanish: heart) is an inactive eroded stratovolcano of Ecuador situated about 30 km southwest of Quito in the western slopes of the Andes.
 Sanica is a minor river in the north-west part of Bosnia and Herzegovina.Village Sanica got its name from the river.
 The Stonycreek River (also referred to as Stoney Creek) is a tributary of the Conemaugh River approximately 45 mi (72 km) long in southwestern Pennsylvania in the United States.
 Grießen Pass (el. 975 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps between the federal states of Salzburg and Tyrol.It connects the Kitzbühel Alps and the Leogang Steinberge.The road over the pass leads from Hochfilzen in Tyrol to Leogang in Salzburg but it lies almost entirely in the state of Salzburg.The pass is traversed by the Salzburg-Tyrol Railway and the Hochkönig-Straße (B164).
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Păuşa River in Romania.
 June Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island north of Great Central Lake and north east of Oshinow Lake.
 The Mostazal River is a river in the Coquimbo Region in Chile. It flows from east to west and changes its name to Rapel River (Coquimbo) which flows into the Embalse La Paloma.
 Wendover Woods is an area of woodland on the north edge of the Chiltern Hills in England. Named after the nearby town of Wendover the woods are owned by the Forestry Commission.Covering 325 ha (800 acres) the woods are a mixture of coniferous and broadleaved trees. There are several signed walks for recreation as well as bridleways picnic and barbecue areas and a children's playground.
 Nasva River is river in Estonia in Saare County. The river is 3 kilometres long. It runs from Mullutu-Suurlaht into Suur Katel in the Baltic Sea. The river is unique because its water flows in two directions. During the floods in spring the water flows from the sea into the bay and not the other way round as it usually does.
 The Firesteel River is a river in Thunder Bay District northwestern Ontario Canada in the Hudson Bay drainage basin. It flows from Trap Lake 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of the Canadian National Railway location of George and 19 kilometres (12 mi) north of the community of Upsala southwest under the Canadian National Railway the Canadian Pacific Railway mainline and Ontario Highway 17 to its mouth at the Seine River 28 kilometres (17 mi) west of Upsala.
 The Timbó River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Paraná River basin and a tributary of the Iguazu River.
 The Mateiașul Mare River is a headwater of the Mateiașul River in Romania.
 Vatnajökull [ˈvaʰdnaˌjœːkʏtl̥] (meaning Glacier of Rivers) also known as the Vatna Glacier is the largest and most voluminous Icelandic glacier and one of the largest in area in Europe. It is located in the south-east of the island covering more than 8 percent of the country.
 The Knob (elevation 1051 feet/316 meters) is the fourth highest point in the U.S. state of Indiana. It is located in Bloomfield Township in LaGrange County approximately three miles east of the town of LaGrange.
 The Valea Mare River or Mărtineni River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 The Cracăul Alb River is a headwater of the Cracău River in Romania.
 Dove is a small lunar crater that is located in the rugged lunar highlands in the southeastern part of the Moon. It lies to the north of the prominent crater Pitiscus.This is a heavily worn and eroded crater with a rim that is overlaid by multiple small craters. In particular the satellite crater Dove C has broken into the southwestern rim and a gap joins the floor of the two formations. The southern rim has been struck by multiple small impacts that form a tight cluster across the rim.
 The Bătrâna Mare River or Beșineu River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Slesse Mountain usually referred to as Mount Slesse is a mountain just north of the US-Canada border in the Cascade Mountains of British Columbia near the town of Chilliwack. It is notable for its large steep local relief. For example its west face drops over 1950 m (6398 ft) to Slesse Creek in less than 3 km (2 mi). It is also famous for its huge Northeast Buttress; see the climbing notes below. The name means fang in the Halkomelem language.
 Manila Bay is a natural harbour which serves the Port of Manila (on Luzon) in the Philippines. Strategically located around the capital city of the Philippines Manila Bay facilitated commerce and trade between the Philippines and its neighbouring countries becoming the gateway for socio-economic development even prior to Spanish occupation.
 Bastion Peak 13500 ft (4100 m) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is the ninth highest in the range and the tenth highest in Wyoming. The summit is located on the Continental Divide and the eastern slopes of the mountain are covered by a section of Gannett Glacier the largest glacier in the American Rocky Mountains. An arête to the northeast leads to Bastion Peak-Northeast Peak which at 13476 ft (4107 m) is also one of the highest points in Wyoming.
 The River Lemon is a 16-km-long river in the county of Devon in south-west England. It rises on the south-east side of Dartmoor near Haytor joins with the River Sig and the Langworthy Brook at Sigford then passes the village of Bickington. Lower down it is joined by the Kestor Brook and it then flows through the woods in Bradley Valley past the manor house of Bradley and through the town of Newton Abbot where it flows through a 400-metre-long tunnel below the town centre.
 Loon Lake is a lake located in Gogebic County in the U.S. state of Michigan. Loon Lake is one of about two dozen clear clean lakes located in a special wilderness area known as the Sylvania Wilderness which in turn is located within the Ottawa National Forest a few miles to the west of the town of Watersmeet. The shoreline is completely undeveloped and surrounded by virgin timber consisting mainly of hemlock and pine. This remote spring-fed lake is noted for its rugged beauty.
 Lake Wakatipu is an inland lake (finger lake) in the South Island of New Zealand. It is in the southwest corner of the Otago Region near its boundary with Southland. Lake Wakatipu comes from the original Māori word Whakatipu wai-māori.With a length of 80 kilometres (50 mi) it is New Zealand's longest lake and at 291 km2 (112 sq mi) its third largest. The lake is also very deep its floor being below sea level with a maximum depth of 380 metres (1250 ft).
 The Rânca River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Litle Sokumvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Gildeskål (with a very small portion crossing into neighboring Beiarn) in Nordland county Norway. Litle Sokumvatnet lies directly northeast of the larger lake Sokumvatnet.
 The Kaiser Mountains (German: Kaisergebirge lit. Emperor Mountains) or just Kaiser are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps and Eastern Alps. It consists of two main mountain ridges – the Zahmer Kaiser to the north and the Wilder Kaiser or Wild Kaiser to the south. The entire range is situated in the Austrian state of Tyrol between the town of Kufstein and the market town of St. Johann in Tirol.
 Mountain Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Pizzo Groppera is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 2948 metres.
 The Valea Seacă a Baiului River or Cracul Dihamului River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
 The Pizol is a mountain in the Glarus Alps overlooking Bad Ragaz in the canton of St. Gallen. At 2844 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the chain separating the valleys of the Seez and the Tamina and the highest mountain lying entirely within the canton of St. Gallen.There are five mountain lakes (Pizolseen) on Pizol: Wangsersee at Pizolhütte Wildsee Schottensee Schwarzsee (2368 m) and Baschalvasee (2174 m).
 The Abajo Mountains also called the Blue Mountains is a small mountain range west of Monticello Utah south of Canyonlands National Park and north of Blanding Utah. The mountain range is located within the Manti-La Sal National Forest.
 The Izvorul Pietrei River is a tributary of the Telcișor River in Romania.
 The Bald Head River is a short river in Ferryland electoral district on the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. It flows from an unnamed lake through Bald Head Pond to its mouth at the Atlantic Ocean near a headland named Bald Head and about 5.5 kilometres (3.4 mi) northeast of the community of Bay Bulls.
 Lake Verneuil is a lake in northern Quebec Canada.
 Ralph Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island is an expansion of Ralph River east of Buttle Lake.
 Beardy River a perennial river that is part of the Murray–Darling basin is located in the New England region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Sturgeon River is a river in the Atlantic Ocean drainage basin in Kings County in eastern Prince Edward Island Canada.
 The Aisne is a river in northeastern France left tributary of the river Oise. It gave its name to the French département Aisne. It was known in the Roman period as Axona.It rises in the forest of Argonne at Rembercourt-Sommaisne near Sainte-Menehould. It flows north and then west before joining the Oise River near Compiègne. The Aisne is about 290 kilometres (180 mi) long. Three bitter battles of World War I were fought into the valleys of the Aisne.
 The Loch of Skaill is a small somewhat triangular freshwater loch in the parish of Sandwick Orkney on Mainland Orkney Scotland. It lies 0.5 mi (0.80 km) south east of the Bay of Skaill close to Skaill House and the World Heritage neolithic site Skara Brae.The loch is popular for trout fishing and is reserved for use by members of The Orkney Trout Fishing Association only.
 Mount Olympus (/əˈlɪmpəs oʊˈlɪm-/; Greek: Όλυμπος; also transliterated as Olympos and on Greek maps Oros Olympos) is the highest mountain in Greece and the second highest mountain in the Balkans. It is located in the Olympus Range on the border between Thessaly and Macedonia between the prefectures of Pieria and Larissa about 80 km (50 mi) southwest from Thessaloniki. Mount Olympus has 52 peaks deep gorges and exceptional biodiversity.
 Laveaga Peak is a mountain located in the Diablo Range in California. Its summit rises to an elevation of 3804 feet (1159 m). The peak is on the boundary between Merced County and San Benito County and is the highest point in Merced County. The mountain is high enough to receive some snowfall during winter.
 The Annapolis Basin is a sub-basin of the Bay of Fundy located on the southeastern shores of the bay along the northwestern shore of Nova Scotia and at the western end of the Annapolis Valley.The basin takes its name from the Annapolis River which drains into its eastern end at the town of Annapolis Royal.
 The Middle River is a short river in Washington County Maine. From the outlet of Marks Lake (44°45′05″N 67°30′41″W) in Marshfield it runs about 5.7 miles (9.2 km) southeast to the estuary of the Machias River in Machias.
 The Șandru River is a tributary of the Bârnărel River in Romania.
 Hemingway is a crater on Mercury. It has a patch of very dark material located near its center. The dark color is likely due to rocks that have a different mineralogical composition from that of the surrounding surface.
 The Izvorul lui Ștefan River is a tributary of the Izvorul lui Aurel River in Romania.
 Vuotjärvi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is located in the Northern Savonia region in Finland in the municipality of Kuopio. The lake belongs to the Vuoksi main catchment area.
 National grid reference NR82369116Loch A' Bharain (the Baron's Loch) is an impounding reservoir which sits directly on the north bank of the Crinan Canal beside lock No.9 1.5 kilometres west of Cairnbaan and is one of a number of reservoirs supplying water to the canal. The earthfill dam is 5.6 metres high and was constructed before 1801.
 The Nwanedi River is a watercourse in Limpopo Province South Africa. It is a tributary of the Limpopo River flowing east of the Nzhelele joining the right bank of the Limpopo 58 km east of Musina at the South Africa/Zimbabwe border.
 Lunette Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1913 by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey.
 Pumanuta (Aymara puma cougar puma -n(i) a suffix uta house house of the puma hispanicized spelling Pomanota) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5516 metres (18097 ft) high. It is situated in the Cusco Region Canchis Province San Pablo District and in the Puno Region Carabaya Province Corani District as well as in the Melgar Province Nuñoa District.
 Tête de Valpelline is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. It lies west of the Dent d'Hérens between the valleys of Mattertal (Valais) and Valpelline (Aosta Valley).
 Burnsville Lake is both a recreational and flood control reservoir on Little Kanawha River located southeast of Burnsville in Braxton County West Virginia. Burnsville Lake was authorized by the U.S. Congress in the Flood Control Act of 1938.Construction of the Burnsville Lake project was begun in the summer of 1972 and the dam was completed in September 1976. The lake project controls the runoff from a drainage area of 165 square miles (427 km²).
 Aasgard Pass officially identified as Colchuck Pass (elevation 7841 feet (2390 m)) is a mountain pass on the east side of the Cascades in Washington's Alpine Lakes Wilderness southwest of Leavenworth. It is the shorter and steeper of two primary hiking routes into The Enchantments one of Washington's most popular hiking areas. It separates Colchuck Lake (elevation 5570 feet (1700 m)) to the northwest from the Upper Enchantment Basin (elevation ~7500 feet (2300 m)) to the southeast.
 Great Central Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. Great Central lake has a depth of 293 metres (961 ft) making it the second deepest lake on Vancouver Island. The water level control is regulated and the lake has not frozen in recent memory.
 Satower See is a lake in the Rostock district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 30.1 m its surface area is 0.068 km².
 Porak or Axarbaxar is a stratovolcano located in the Vardenis volcanic ridge about 20 km (12 mi) SE of Lake Sevan at the border of Armenia and Azerbaijan. The volcanic field straddles the border and lava flows extend into both countries. The flanks of the volcano are dotted with 10 satellite cones and fissure vents.
 The Izvorul cu Hotar River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 An Caisteal is a Scottish mountain situated six kilometres south of the village of Crianlarich in the Stirling Council area.
 The Groapa River is a tributary of the Lonea River in Romania.
 The Penny Ice Cap is a 6000 km2 (2300 sq mi) ice cap in Auyuittuq National Park of Baffin Island Nunavut Canada. It forms a 2000 m (6562 ft) high barrier on the Cumberland Peninsula an area of deep fiords and glaciated valleys. It is a remnant of the last ice age.
 The Pârâul Mocanului is a tributary of the Cremeneţ River in Romania.
 Zentbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.The Zentbach is an eight kilometer northeastern tributary. It flows south of Mainleus Fassoldshof and is located in Upper Franconia Bavaria Germany.
 Godongsan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its area extends across Gapyeong County and Yangpyeong County. Godongsan has an elevation of 600 m (1969 ft).
 The Hamoș River is a tributary of the Beregsău River in Romania.
 The Valea Ancului River is a tributary of the Dâmbovicioara River in Romania.
 Tucker Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 Zupus is the lava-flooded remains of a lunar crater. It is located on a southwestern reach of the Oceanus Procellarum to the northwest of Mare Humorum. To the north-northeast is the flooded crater Billy and some distance to the southeast is Mersenius.
 The Continental Ranges is a name for a major grouping of mountain ranges in the Rocky Mountains located in eastern British Columbia and western Alberta. It is a physiographic designation for use by geologists and is not used by the general public; it is not recognized in Alberta and does not appear on topographic maps although the names of its subranges (the Kootenay Park or Main Ranges and Front Ranges) are in common use.
 Brontë is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 60 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Bronte is named for English writers Charlotte Brontë who lived from 1816 to 1855 Emily Brontë who lived from 1818 to 1848 and Anne Brontë who lived from 1820 to 1849 and English writer and artist Branwell Brontë who lived from 1817 to 1848.
 The Soufrière Hills volcano (soufrière is a French word meaning sulphur outlet) is an active complex stratovolcano (with many lava domes forming its summit) on the Caribbean island of Montserrat. After a long period of dormancy the Soufrière Hills volcano became active in 1995 and has continued to erupt ever since.
 Stone Mountain is a stratigraphic ridge in central Pennsylvania United States trending northwest of the Jacks Mountain ridge and Jacks Mountain Anticline. The ridge line separates Kishacoquillas Valley from the Seven Mountains area. Stone Mountain lies in and the ridge line forms part of the border between Mifflin and Huntingdon counties. Pennsylvania Route 305 crosses the ridge and follows a valley along a fault line at 40°37′46″N 77°45′31″W near Greenwood Furnace State Park.
 The Hrușca River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 Paguyaman River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 Mount Agepsta (Abkhaz: Аҕьаҧсҭа Agh'aphstha Georgian: აგეფსთა) is a mountain of the Gagra Range in Abkhazia. The elevation of the summit is 3357 m (11014 ft) above sea level. The slopes of Agepsta up to an elevation of 1700–1800 metres are covered by fir and beech forests. Higher elevations are covered by alpine meadows and the highest locations of the mountain near the summit contain small glaciers.
 The Mönch (German: monk) is a mountain in the Bernese Alps in Switzerland. Together with the Eiger and the Jungfrau it forms a highly recognisable group of mountains visible from far away.The Mönch lies on the border between the cantons of Valais and Bern and forms part of a mountain ridge between the Jungfrau and Jungfraujoch to the west and the Eiger to the east.
 For other rivers with the same name see Broad River (disambiguation).The Broad River is a principal tributary of the Congaree River about 150 miles (240 km) long in western North Carolina and northern South Carolina in the United States. Via the Congaree it is part of the watershed of the Santee River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Beaver River is a tributary of the Liard River entering that stream in the area of its Grand Canyon just south of the British Columbia-Yukon border (the 60th parallel north) after running generally south-east from its origin in the extreme southeast corner of the Yukon Territory.
 The Monte Piana is a 2324 tall mountain in the Sexten Dolomites and located on the border between the provinces of South Tyrol and Belluno. The smaller Northern summit of the mountain is named Monte Piano (2305m).During World War I the mountain was hotly contested between the Austrian and Italian Armies. The Austrians had occupied the Northern summit Monte Piano while the Southern summit Monte Piana was in Italian hands.
 Lake Edward is a lake in Crow Wing County Minnesota.
 Tricouni Peak is a mountain located south of Cypress Peak on the Squamish-Cheakamus divide within the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia Canada. It was named by Tom Fyles during its first ascent party in 1931 due to its appearance of a 3-pointed Tricouni boot nail. Before its official name it was originally suggested to be Tricouni Mountain because the mountain had the appearance of three cones from the distance.
 The Fierarul River or Râul Fierarilor is a tributary of the Cormoș River in Romania.
 The Itata River (Brazil) is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Fronalpstock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located east of Glarus in the canton of Glarus.
 Le Verrier is a small lunar impact crater located in the northern part of the Mare Imbrium. To the west is the slightly larger crater Helicon and farther to the west-northwest lies the mountain-ringed bay Sinus Iridum.Le Verrier sometimes written Leverrier is a bowl-shaped feature with a nearly circular rim. The inner walls display the appearance of slumping along the upper edges. The inner wall and floor to the southeast appears more irregular than elsewhere.
 The Yellowstone Caldera is the volcanic caldera and supervolcano located in Yellowstone National Park in the United States sometimes referred to as the Yellowstone Supervolcano. The caldera is located in the northwest corner of Wyoming in which the vast majority of the park is contained. The major features of the caldera measure about 34 by 45 miles (55 by 72 km). The caldera formed during the last of three supereruptions over the past 2.1 million years.
 At 2558 m AA the Kreuzjoch is the highest peak in the Kitzbühel Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol.The Kreuzjoch also forms the southwestern end of the Kitzbühel Alps. To the west it is bounded by the Ziller valley to the southeast by the Gerlos valley. The Kreuzjoch's neighbouring peak is the Torhelm (2494 m).
 The Plescioara River is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
 Bytowa is a river of Poland a tributary of the Słupia.
 The Bâsca Chiojdului River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Clearwater Lake is one of six large lakes in Wells Gray Provincial Park east-central British Columbia Canada. It is an expansion of the Clearwater River downstream from Hobson Lake.
 The Lehigh and Susquehanna Railroad was a shortline railroad subsidiary of the Lehigh Coal & Navigation Company that originated under an 1837 act of the legislature of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania to connect coal loading facilities along the Navigations improving the Susquehanna River (acting as the Pennsylvania Canal) to connect the Northern Coal Region at Wilkes-Barre (elevation ca 690 feet (210.3 m)) via their local funicular railroad leg known as the Ashley Planes to the standard railroad trackage and rail yard nearly a 1000 feet (304.8 m) above in Penobscot PA (Now Mountain Top Pennsylvania in Fairview Township Luzerne County Pennsylvania).In a second phase of construction the railroad completed a double-tracked route descending to Avoca/Duryea & Dupont PA via a more circuitous and winding route up the difficult grade from the north end of the Solomon Gap. 
 The River Eitha (Welsh: Afon Eitha) is a small river in Wrexham County Borough Wales. It is part of the River Dee catchment. Its name was probably derived from the Welsh word eithaf - extremity farthest.Sir Cyril Fox in his surveys of Offa's Dyke and Wat's Dyke identified a section of the Eitha as forming part of the frontier of Mercia in this area.
 The Trou Grauval River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 The Jataí River is a river in the São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Onamalutu River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It initially flows northeast turning southeast to reach the Wairau River five kilometres northwest of Renwick. The Māori language does not use the consonant l so the name is thought to be a European corruption of Onamahutu.
 Mount Baxter is a large buttress-type mountain located just south of O'Kane Canyon where it forms a rounded projection of the east escarpment of the Eisenhower Range in Victoria Land.Discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901–04) under Scott who named it for Sir George and Lady Baxter of Dundee supporters of the expedition.
 Kauerdluksoak Bay is a long narrow inlet or bay in Labrador at 58.159112°N 62.632370°W﻿ / 58.159112; -62.632370. From its head to the sea it is about 40 miles (64 km) long.At its mouth is the site of the former Hebron mission station.
 Newcombe Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Wallace is the remains of a lunar crater that has been flooded by lava. It lies in the southeastern part of Mare Imbrium to the northeast of the crater Eratosthenes. The crater rim forms a somewhat polygonal outline and is broken in the southeast. The floor is flat and devoid of significant features but it is overlain by ray material from Copernicus to the southwest. The rim ascends to an altitude of 0.4 km above the lunar mare.
 Breu River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 The Caraíba de Fora River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Fata River is a tributary of the Frumoasa River in Romania.
 Mount Kujū (久住山 Kujū-san) is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains. The 1700 m (5577 ft) high mountain lies on the border of Kokonoe and Taketa in Ōita Prefecture on the island of Kyushu. They are part of Aso-Kujū National Park.
 The Manawapou River is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. Ity flows southwest from its origins in rough hill country to the northeast of Hawera reaching the South Taranaki Bight between Hawera and Patea.
 The Râpa Roșie River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
 The Industrial Canal is a 5.5 mile (9 km) waterway in New Orleans Louisiana United States. The waterway's proper name as used by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and on NOAA nautical charts is Inner Harbor Navigation Canal (IHNC). The more common Industrial Canal name is used locally both by commercial mariners and by landside residents.The canal connects the Mississippi River to Lake Pontchartrain.
 Åre River (Swedish: Åreälven) is a river in Sweden.
 The Boca River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania. The river crosses a coal mining area where it is channelized.
 Coari River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Travyanka (Russian: Травянка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Veslyana River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 48 km. Its source is located near the border with Komi Republic; flows through northwestern portion of Gaynsky District of the krai.
 The Rebi River is a tributary of the Valea Nouă River in Romania.
 Brucht is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Rechelkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Mărişelu Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant on the Someşul Cald river situated in Romania.The project was started and finished in the 1980s and it was made up by the construction of a rockfill dam 92 m high which was equipped with three hydrounits the hydropower plant having an installed capacity of 221 MW. The power plant generates 560 GWh of electricity per year.
 Diablo Lake is a reservoir in the North Cascade mountains of northern Washington state USA. Created by Diablo Dam the lake is located between Ross Lake and Gorge Lake on the Skagit River at an elevation of 1201 feet (366 m) above sea level. Diablo Lake is part of the Skagit River Hydroelectric Project and managed by Seattle City Light.The lake is home to rainbow cutthroat brook and the federally threatened bull trout. It is a popular recreational spot for kayakers and canoeists.
 Yanaqucha (Quechua yana black very dark qucha lake black lake hispanicized spelling Yanacocha) is a lake in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru located in the Ancash Region Asunción Province Chacas District. It is situated at a height of about 4250 metres (13944 ft) about 470 m long and 161 m at its widest point. Yanaqucha lies northwest of the mountain Perlilla southwest of the lakes Wiqrunqucha and Runtuqucha and northeast of the lakes Lawriqucha and Paqarisha.
 Shkëlzen (Maja e Shkëlzenit) is a mountain in Albania with a height of 2404 metres (7887 ft). It is rocky and located near the border with Kosovo north of Tropojë. It belongs to the Prokletije. Shkëlzen shares its name with a village that is just south of the mountain.
 Snows Pond is a pond located on Newfoundland's Avalon Peninsula. Snows Pond is a large body of water that plays host to a wide variety of human non-human and plant life.
 Mount Sir Allan MacNab is a mountain located in the Premier Range of British Columbia Canada. The range is named for Sir Allan MacNab a Canadian industrialist who was premier of the Province of Canada from 1854-56.
 The Cruz del Eje River is a river of Argentina.
 Rotwandlspitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. It forms a double peak with Brunnensteinspitze.de:Rotwandlspitze
 Møsvatn (or Møsvann) is twelfth largest lake in Norway with a surface area of 78.31 km². It lies primarily in Vinje municipality in Telemark county. The lake lies in the watershed of the Skien river (Skiensvassdrag) and discharges into the Måna river. Along the shores of the lake many traces of stone age settlers can be found. It is 919 meters above sea level and regulated to use for hydroelectric production.
 Loch Bà is a shallow irregular shaped freshwater loch lying to the southwest of Glen Coe within Rannoch Moor Argyll and Bute in Highland region of Scotland.
 Long Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 The Große Auerberg is a hill 580 metres (1900 ft) high in the eastern Harz in the district of Mansfeld-Südharz in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt. It is a so-called double peak with summits that are 580.4 metres high (Großer Auerberg) and 580.3 metres high (Josephshöhe) which are about 470 metres apart.
 The Williams Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges located on the southwestern end of Denny Island British Columbia Canada.
 The Kastelberg is the fourth highest summit of the Vosges Mountains. It is located on the border between the French regions of Alsace and Lorraine.
 Bliznets (Russian: Близнец) is a stratovolcano in central Kamchatka. The volcano is situated on the crest of the central Sredinny Range south-west of Kebeney volcano..
 The Borca River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Hwangmaesan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1108 metres.
 The Saraoschi River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Clive River is a river of Hawke's Bay New Zealand. It flows past the townships of Whakatu and Clive into the sea at southern Hawke Bay.
 Sunday River Whitecap is a 3335 ft (1017 m) mountain located in Oxford County Maine USA. It is flanked to the west by Slide Mountain and to the southeast by Stowe Mountain.Sunday River Whitecap is within the watershed of the Androscoggin River which drains into Merrymeeting Bay the estuary of the Kennebec River and then into the Gulf of Maine. The north northeast and southeast sides of Sunday River Whitecap drain into the Bear River then into the Androscoggin River.
 San Rafael Creek is a watercourse in Marin County California USA that discharges to San Rafael Bay a small embayment of the San Francisco Bay. The mouth of San Rafael Creek is a channelized estuary through an industrial area. San Rafael Creek has a designation under Federal Law Section 303(d) as impaired by diazinon the principal pollutant causing impairment designations for streams discharging to San Pablo Bay which is the northern arm of San Francisco Bay.
 Kuhgrabensee is a lake in Bremen Germany. At an elevation of its surface area is 17.8 ha.
 Mount Phillips (73°01′S 167°15′W) is a mainly ice-covered mountain rising to about 3035 metres (9957 ft) lying about 11 miles (18 km) west of Mount Alberts situated in the southern portion of the Malta Plateau on the Borchgrevink Coast named for Anglo-Norwegian explorer Carsten Borchgrevink (1864–1934) marking the western extremity of Victoria Land Antarctica.
 Twelve O'clock Knob is a mountain located in southwestern Roanoke County Virginia directly south of Salem Virginia. According to local lore slaves in the western Roanoke Valley noted that the Sun was directly over the mountain roughly around noon local time. In 1995 and 1996 the Tour Du Pont staged a time trial in the Roanoke Valley the highlight of which was a ride over the steep winding Twelve O'clock Knob Road.
 The Valea Pietrosului River is a tributary of the Lăptici River in Romania.
 Grmovškov dom (1371 m) is mountain hut under Velika Kopa on the westernmost and highest part of Pohorje. The hut was built in 1937 and soon became important for hiking and wintersports. In 1942 it was burnt down the hikers built new one in 1947 but it was also burnt down the same year. The third hut opened in 1954 and was named after Miloš Grmovšek.
 Yelovsky (Russian: Еловский) is a shield volcano in central Kamchatka. The volcano is the edifice among several overlapping small basaltic shield volcanoes. Elovsky is located at the east of the crest of the Sredinny Range.
 Terby is a crater on the northern edge of Hellas Planitia Mars. The 174 km diameter crater is centered at 28°S 73°E with an elevation of −5 km. It is named after François J. Terby. It is the site of an ancient lakebed and has clay deposits.
 Laucha (Hörsel) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Curlew Lake is a 921-acre (3.73 km2) lake located in the glacier-carved Curlew Valley northeast of Republic Washington. The spring- and stream-fed lake is named for the Long-billed Curlew Numenius americanus that once frequented the area. The 7-mile-long (11 km) lake reaches a maximum of 1⁄3 miles wide and includes four small islands.The average depth of the lake is 43 ft (13 m) deep with a maximum depth of 130 ft (40 m) reached in the northern area.
 The Torngat Mountains are a mountain range on the Labrador Peninsula at the northern tip of Newfoundland and Labrador and eastern Quebec. They are part of the Arctic Cordillera. This is the peninsula that separates Ungava Bay from the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Río Grande (or Río Guapay) in Bolivia rises on the southern slope of the Cochabamba mountains east of the city Cochabamba at 17°26′11″S 65°52′22″W. At its source it is known as the Rocha River. It crosses the Cochabamba valley basin in a westerly direction.
 Millers Brook is a wartercourse in Greater Manchester and tributary of the River Roch which flows through Queens Park in Heywood.
 Ruardean Hill is a village in the English county of Gloucestershire 20 km (12 mi) west of Gloucester. It lies in the Forest of Dean in the parish of Drybrook.The southern slopes are wooded and are part of the northern edge of the Forest of Dean. The hill forms part of a low range of hills separating the River Severn from the River Wye. The hill's summit is the highest point in the Forest of Dean.
 Mulluqucha (Quechua mullu small perl made of fine clay / marine shell which is offered to the divinities qucha lake lagoon hispanicized spellings Mollococha Mullococha Mullucocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Yauyos Province Tanta District. Mulluqucha situated at a height of about 4286 metres (14062 ft) lies southeast of the Paryaqaqa mountain range east of the lake P'itiqucha and northeast of the lake Pawqarqucha.
 The Stepenitz is a tributary of the Trave in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.The Stepenitz flows from the elongated and narrow Neumühler See which is in the northwest portion of the city of Schwerin.
 Lake Rapel (Spanish: Lago Rapel or Embalse Rapel) is an artificial lake created by a dam on the Rapel River. It is located in the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region Central Chile.The reservoir was created with the aim of feeding the Rapel Hydroelectric Plant.
 The Qingshuihe River or simply Qingshui is a tributary of the Wujiang River in Guizhou Province China. It is interrupted by the Dahuashui Dam.
 The Valea lui Andraș River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Gilmore's Camp is located on the California side of the Colorado River between Blythe California and Yuma Arizona.
 Bārta (in Latvian) also named Bartuva (in Lithuanian) and Bartów (in Polish) is a river in western Lithuania and Latvia. It originates in the Plungė district 3 km to north of Lake Plateliai. The Bārta flows in a northwesterly direction passing through the Skuodas district and the city of Skuodas before entering Latvia. The Bārta flows into Liepāja lake which is connected with the Baltic Sea.
 Garrow Tor is a bare tor-crowned hill 330 metres (1080 ft) high located on Garrow Downs in the centre of Bodmin Moor in the county of Cornwall England.At the summit of Garrow Tor are granite rock outcrops and panoramic views including Caradon Hill to the south Rough Tor and Brown Willy to the north Butter's Tor to the east clay country to the west and the Atlantic Ocean to the northwest.
 The Oelse is a river in the district Oder-Spree Brandenburg Germany. It is situated in the Schlaube Valley Nature Park and runs from the Möschensee (lake) in the east from Groß Muckrow (part of Friedland) to the river Spree nearby Beeskow. Its name derives from the sorbian ol'ša for German Erle (Alder).
 Bhukhi River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Angia village. Its basin has a maximum length of 28 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 56 km2.
 Mount Maroon is a mountain in South East Queensland that is part of the McPherson Range. The mountain rises to 966 m (3169 ft) above sea level about 12 km west of Rathdowney.The original indigenous name for the mountain was Wahlmoorum which meant sand goanna in the Yuggera language.
 Syrtbyttnosi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Limmernsee (or Limmerensee) is a reservoir in the Canton of Glarus Switzerland between the peaks of Muttenchopf (2482 m) Selbsanft (2950 m) and Kistenstöckli (2746 m). It may be reached by aerial tramway or by foot from Linthal.The Limmern dam was completed in 1963 and is the largest reservoir used by the Linth–Limmern Power Stations. The lake's surface area is 1.36 km².
 The Estero Pocuro is a river of Chile.
 Lake Virginia is a lake in the city of Wanganui in the North Island of New Zealand.
 Talus Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Talus Lake is .60 miles (0.97 km) NNE of Rolling Thunder Mountain and is at the head of upper Snowshoe Canyon.
 The Valea Mărului River is a tributary of the Gerului River in Romania.
 Étang de Hanau is a lake in Moselle France. Its surface area is 0.16 km².Étang de Hanau is located in the commune of Philippsbourg near the Château de Waldeck.
 Mount Waumbek is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Pliny Range of the White Mountains. Waumbek is flanked to the northeast by Mount Weeks to the west by Mount Starr King and to the southeast by Pliny Mountain (1099 m).
 The Waimamakau River is a short river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. Confusingly it is a tributary of the Waimamaku River reaching the latter 10 kilometres southeast of Omapere.
 The Râul Stânei Bătrâne is a tributary of the Rudăreasa River in Romania
 Manbokdae is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1433 metres.
 Medicine Lake is located within Jasper National Park Alberta Canada. It is located approximately 20 km (12 mi) southeast of the townsite of Jasper Alberta. Medicine Lake is approximately 7 km (4.3 mi) long and is a relatively shallow lake. The lake is part of the Maligne Valley watershed which is mainly glacial fed.
 Estany de la Balmeta is a lake in Pyrénées-Orientales France. At an elevation of 2047 m its surface area is 0.012 km².
 The Siguacán River is a river of Guatemala.
 Kochhart is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake Austin is a water reservoir on the Colorado River in Austin Texas in the United States. The reservoir was formed in 1939 by the construction of Tom Miller Dam by the Lower Colorado River Authority. Lake Austin is one of the seven Highland Lakes created by the Lower Colorado River Authority and is used for flood control electrical power generation and recreation.
 The Rakeahua River is a river in Stewart Island/Rakiura New Zealand flowing into Paterson Inlet.
 The Hida River (飛騨川 Hida-gawa) has its source in Mount Norikura (乗鞍岳 Norikura-ga-take) in Takayama Gifu Prefecture Japan. It flows from the northern to the southern section of the prefecture before emptying into the Kiso River in Minokamo.
 Lanfair Valley is located in the Mojave Desert in southeastern California near the Nevada state line. It is bounded on the north by the New York Mountains and Castle Mountains on the east by the Piute Range and on the south by the Woods Mountains and Vontrigger Hills. Joshua Trees can be found in most of the valley.
 Pauto River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 River Pushpawati flows through the Valley of Flowers in Chamoli district in Garhwal region of the Indian state of Uttarakhand.
 The Mărăjdia River is a tributary of the Cibin river in Romania.
 Rembrandt is a large impact crater on Mercury. With a diameter of 715 km it is the second-largest impact basin on the planet after Caloris and is one of the larger craters in the Solar System. It was discovered by MESSENGER during its second flyby of Mercury on October 6 2008. The crater is 3.9 billion years old and was created during the period of Late Heavy Bombardment.
 Spring (Milz) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Lindenstumpf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Long Tom River is a 25-mile (40 km) tributary of the Willamette River in western Oregon in the United States. It drains an area at the south end of the Willamette Valley between Eugene and Corvallis.It rises in the Central Oregon Coast Range in western Lane County approximately 10 mi (16 km) west of Veneta. It flows east through the mountains to Veneta through the Fern Ridge Reservoir and then north into the Willamette Valley roughly parallel to and west of the Willamette River.
 Obongsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 525 metres.
 Karaurín-tepui also spelled Caraurín is a tepui of the Eastern Tepuis chain in Bolívar state Venezuela. It has a maximum elevation of around 2500 metres (8200 ft) above sea level. The summit plateau is covered by shrubby vegetation and has an area of 1.88 km2 (0.73 sq mi). Karaurín-tepui lies just south of the much larger Ilú–Tramen Massif.
 Chullqi Mayu (Quechua chullqi wrinkle mayu river wrinkle river hispanicized spelling Chullqui Mayu) is a Bolivian river in the Chuquisaca Department Oropeza Province Yotalla Municipalities. It is a left tributary of the Pillku Mayu.
 Rio dos Sinos is a river in Rio Grande do Sul estado (“state”) southern Brazil. It rises in the hills east of Caraá (130 km away from Porto Alegre) at altitudes above 600 meters and covers a distance of about 190 km flowing into the delta Jacuí in Canoas at an altitude of only 5 meters.
 The Țancuri River is a headwater of the Sărișorul Mic River in Romania.
 Røssvatnet (Southern Sami: Reevhtse) is a lake and reservoir in the municipalities of Hattfjelldal and Hemnes in Nordland county Norway. It has been the site of human occupation since the Stone Age. Its area of 219 square kilometres (85 sq mi) makes it the second largest lake in Norway by surface area. Without the dam which has regulated the lake since 1957 it would be 190 square kilometres (73 sq mi) and the third largest lake in Norway.
 Snaring Mountain is the highest mountain in the Victoria Cross Ranges of Alberta Canada. The peak was named for a local Indian tribe who used snares to trap small animals; the name became official in 1934.
 The Pârâul Sec River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Turda River or Torda River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Farallones de Cali is a cluster of mountains in the West Andes of Colombia. It is located west of the city of Cali and gives rise to the many of the rivers that provide water and electricity to Cali. The PNN Farallones de Cali encompasses 150000 ha (580 sq mi) in the mountains as well as much of the Pacific slope and is an area of very high biodiversity.. The average temperature ranges from 25 °C (77 °F) in the tropical foothills to 5 °C (41 °F) in the páramo.
 The Ghighiu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Jabal Ruham is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Lake Belwood is a reservoir in East Garafraxa Dufferin County and Centre Wellington Wellington County Ontario Canada. It is on the Grand River whose waters were impounded in 1942 by the erection of the Shand Dam for flood control and the generation of hydroelectricity. The community of Belwood is on the north shore of the lake and only the easternmost portion of the lake is in Dufferin County.
 The Lauter is a right tributary of the Neckar and arises on the Albtrauf escarpment of the Swabian Alb.
 Mount Sumbing or Gunung Sumbing is an active stratovolcano in Central Java Indonesia symmetrical with Sundoro. The only report of historical eruptions is from 1730. It has created a small phreatic crater at the summit.
 Pompton Lake is a 175-acre man-made lake on the Ramapo River which is located within the towns of Pompton Lakes and Wayne in Passaic County New Jersey. The lake was formed by the construction of the Pompton Lake Dam in 1908 after a prior wooden dam was destroyed by a flood in 1903. The waters impounded in the lake serve as a supplemental drinking source. It is primarily fed by the Ramapo River but also receives inflow from Acid Brook and smaller tributaries.
 Simetsberg (elevation 1840 metres/6040 ft) is a mountain in the Bavarian Prealps of southern Germany. An isolated peak it forms the eastern end of the Ester Mountains.
 LOL an acronym for laughing out loud or laugh out loud is a common element of Internet slang. It was used historically on Usenet but is now widespread in other forms of computer-mediated communication and even face-to-face communication. It is one of many initialisms for expressing bodily reactions in particular laughter as text including initialisms for more emphatic expressions of laughter such as LMAO (laugh(ing) my ass off) and ROTFL or ROFL (roll(ing) on the floor laughing).
 Barkers Creek is a tributary of the Guyandotte River 8 miles (13 km) long in southern West Virginia in the United States. Via the Guyandotte and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 36.85 square miles (95.4 km2) in a rural area on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.Barkers Creek's entire course and drainage area are in southeastern Wyoming County.
 The Valea Zanvelei River or Valea Zambilei River is a tributary of the Dâmbovicioara River in Romania.
 The Koro Sea or Sea of Koro is a sea in the Pacific Ocean between Viti Levu island Fiji to the west and the Lau Islands to the east surrounded by the islands of the Fijian archipelago.It is named after Koro Island.
 The Eisenerzer Reichenstein is a mountain in the Eisenerz Alps in the Austrian federal state of Styria. It lies south of the Erzberg near Eisenerz.
 Compbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Clențu River is a tributary of the Suseni river in Romania.
 Hocheck is a mountain in the district of Rosenheim Bavaria Germany. It is closely associated with the nearby town of Oberaudorf.The mountain is about 860 metres high. The summit can be reached in about 50 minutes by foot or in about 10 minutes by cable car from Oberaudorf. From the top there is a view of Kranzhorn and Spitzstein. The cable car station is accessible by car approximately a five-minute drive from the motorway exit for Oberaudorf.
 Ril Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada. This lake is in the Township of Lake of Bays. Nearest Towns are Baysville Ontario and Dorset Ontario. It includes both year round and seasonal residents. Two main access roads North and South Ril Lake Road. Both branch into smaller roads further in including but not limited to Watson Road James Point Road Ril Cove Road McArthur Point Road and Muskoka Bob Road. There is a Ril Lake Road Association.
 Roque de Agando (commonly called Roque Agando) is a prominent rock formation on the island of La Gomera in the Canary Islands. It is one of La Gomera's most striking features and is frequently used as a symbol for the island.Roque Agando is the most prominent of a group of volcanic plugs called simply Los Roques near the centre of the island. The others are named Roque Ojila and Roque Zarcita and sometimes Roque Carmona and Roque Las Lajas are also included.
 Seco Creek is a tributary stream of the Hondo Creek in Frio County Texas. Named Rio Seco (Seco the Spanish word for dry) in 1689 by Captain Alonso De León governor of Coahuila when his expedition crossed the creek.Seco Creek has its source five miles north of Sentry Mountain and Farm Road 470 in southwestern Bandera County. Its course runs southeast for sixty-six miles through Bandera Uvalde Frio and Medina Counties.
 The São Miguel River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Ligovsky Canal (Russian: Ли́говский кана́л) is one of the most extended channels of Saint Petersburg (Russia). It has been constructed in 1721 its length has made 23 kilometres. The channel was under construction for functioning of fountains of Summer garden. The channel delivered water from the Liga river (now called the Dudergofka) in ponds in Bassejnaya street (modern Nekrasov street).
 Mount Cleveland (also known as Cleveland Volcano) is a nearly symmetrical stratovolcano on the western end of Chuginadak Island which is part of the Islands of Four Mountains just west of Umnak Island in the Fox Islands of the Aleutian Islands of Alaska. Mt. Cleveland is 1730 m (5676 ft) high and one of the most active of the 75 or more volcanoes in the larger Aleutian Arc. Aleutian natives named the island after their fire goddess Chuginadak who they believed inhabited the volcano.
 Greenough Pond is a 234-acre (0.9 km2) water body located in Coos County in northern New Hampshire United States in the township of Wentworth's Location. The pond is part of the Androscoggin River watershed.
 The Vidrișoara River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 Rynin is a lunar crater that is located just behind the northwestern limb on the far side of the Moon. It is located just to the east of the larger crater Stefan and to the southwest of Chapman.This is an older lunar crater with an outer rim that has been worn and rounded due to impact erosion. The edge remains relatively well-defined around most of the perimeter but it is overlain by several smaller craters.
 Stakelberger Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Sălăuța River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Balfour River is a river in the Westland district of New Zealand. Its source is the Balfour Glacier and it runs west then northwest for about 5 km to the Cook River/Weheka
 Big Ben is a volcanic massif that dominates the geography of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. It is a composite cone with a diameter of approximately 25 kilometres. Its highest peak is Mawson Peak which is 2745 m above sea level. Much of it is covered by ice including 14 major glaciers which descend from Big Ben to the sea. Big Ben is the highest mountain in Australian Territory.
 Brummeckebach is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Laguna Áquiles is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 224 m its surface area is 19 km².
 Lotru-Ciunget Dam and Hydro Power Plant is a large hydroelectric complex on the Lotru River situated in Romania and one of the biggest complex facilities in Europe. The complex consists of three hydroelectric power plants. The first and most productive one is Ciunget the second one is Malaia and the third one is Bradisor which just as Ciunget is an underground power plant.The river which fills the dams is called Lotru.
 The Sherwin Range is a mountain range that is a sub-range of the Sierra Nevada system in Mono County eastern California. The range is also known locally as The Sherwins.
 Monte Balmaceda is a heavily glaciated mountain located in the Magallanes Region of Chile. It stands at the head of Última Esperanza Sound in the south portion of Bernardo O'Higgins National Park and near the mouth of the Serrano River. The glaciers Balmaceda and Serrano mantle the slopes of the mount.In its vicinity is Torres del Paine National Park.
 The Dead River is a tributary of the Passaic River that has its source in Somerset County New Jersey in the United States. For several miles it forms the northern border of Warren Township with Bernards Township both in Somerset County. It joins the Passaic just north of Exit 36 of I-78 and the junction was moved northward away from the Exit to allow enough room for the exit ramps. There the river is crossed by King George Road.
 Dikti or Dicte (Greek: Δίκτη) (also Lasithiotika Ori Greek: Λασιθιώτικα Όρη) is a mountain range on the east of the island of Crete in the regional unit of Lasithi. On the west it extends to the regional unit of Heraklion.According to some Greek mythology Zeus was reared on this mountain in a cave called Dictaeon Andron (Psychro Cave). On the north of the main massif the plateau of Lasithi islocated.
 Pasha (Russian: Пашá) is a river in Tikhvinsky and Volkhovsky Districts in the northeastern part of Leningrad Oblast of Russia a left tributary of the Svir River (Lake Ladoga basin). The Pasha is the largest of Svir's tributaries. It is 242 kilometres (150 mi) long and the area of its basin 6650 square kilometres (2570 sq mi). Its largest tributary is the Kapsha River (right).The source of the Pasha is in Lake Pashozero in Tikhvinsky District in the northeast of Leningrad Oblast.
 Little Etobicoke Creek is a small river in Mississauga Regional Municipality of Peel in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a right tributary of Etobicoke Creek which flows to Lake Ontario.
 The Sidelhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located west of the Grimsel Pass on the Bern-Valais border. It lies at the eastern end of the chain between the Unteraar Glacier and the Rhone valley named Aargrat.The summit can be reached by several trails from the Grimsel Pass.
 North Table Mountain is a mesa located just northeast of downtown Golden Colorado in Jefferson County Colorado. Its most distinctive feature is its cap of basaltic rock formed from Cenozoic lava flows from the nearby Ralston Dike. North Table Mountain is a popular scenic and recreational destination of the Denver metro area and it is preserved as public open space by Jefferson County and the Access Fund.
 Mansface Hill is a mountain located in Green River Wyoming. The mountain is named for its rock outcroppings which form the shape of a face looking up into the sky.
 Dhadhar River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Pavagadh Hill. Its basin has a maximum length of 142 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 4201 square kilometres (1622 sq mi).
 Ostrá (meaning Sharp in Slovak) is a mountain in the Greater Fatra Range of Slovakia measuring 1247 m (4091.2 ft). It has two very rugged summits with an excellent view over the Turiec Valley and the opposite Tlstá Mountain.
 The Mae Klong (Thai: แม่น้ำแม่กลอง RTGS: Maenam Mae Klong Thai pronunciation: [mɛ̂ːnáːm mɛ̂ː klɔːŋ]) is a river in western Thailand.
 Wilson Lake is the name of seven lakes in Wisconsin United States as well as four flowages and a pond. Below are listed the county acres and maximum depth of the lakes.Outside of Wilson Creek Flowage the largest lake is located in Iron County. This particular lake is a popular fishing lake 5 miles (8.0 km) from the town of Mercer. With three bays it has two islands and water feed and drain in the South Bay of the lake.
 The Schwingbach is a small 11 km long left tributary to the Kleebach river in central Hesse Germany.
 The Creanga Mică is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 Lake Memphremagog (French: Lac Memphrémagog) is a fresh water glacial lake located between Newport Vermont United States and Magog Quebec Canada. The name Memphremagog is derived from Algonkian in which it means where there is a big expanse of water.
 Mount King Albert is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after King Albert.
 Rice Lake is a lake located in south-eastern Ontario in Northumberland County and Peterborough County. The lake is located south of the City of Peterborough and the Kawartha lakes (Ontario) and north of Cobourg. The lake is part of the Trent-Severn Waterway which flows into the lake by the Otonabee and out via the Trent. The lake is 32 km long and 5 km wide.
 Perseverance Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia.
 The Methow River (/ˈmɛt.haʊ/ MET-how) is a tributary of the Columbia River in northern Washington in the United States. The river's watershed is 1890 square miles (4900 km2) with a population of about 5000 people. The Methow's watershed is characterized by relatively pristine habitats as much of the river basin is located in national forests and wildernesses. Many tributaries drain the large Pasayten Wilderness.
 Tseraskiy is an impact crater on the Moon's far side. It is located to the north-northeast of the huge walled plain Planck and to the southeast of the crater Pauli. To the east-northeast of Tseraskiy is Crocco.This is an eroded crater formation and the outer rim has been steady worn down to a roughly circular ridge with rounded edges. This crater overlies an older crater along the southwest side. There is a small crater along the exterior of the rim to the northeast.
 The Zeldiș River is a tributary of the Sighișoara River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Valea Săturanului and Valea Omeagului
 The Weser Uplands (German: Weserbergland) (German pronunciation: [veːzɐˈbɛʁklant]) is a hill region (Bergland = uplands hills or hill region) in Germany (Lower Saxony Hesse and North Rhine-Westphalia between Hannoversch Münden and Porta Westfalica near the river Weser. Important cities of this region include Bad Karlshafen Holzminden Höxter Bodenwerder Hameln Rinteln and Vlotho.
 Akkadō (安家洞) is a limestone cavern located in Iwaizumi Iwate Japan. It has a measured length of 23702 metres (77762 ft) which is the longest in Japan. The cave system is designated as a Natural monument by the Japanese government in 1980. From 1991 a portion of caverns were opened to the public for part of the year.
 Hatanaka is a lunar crater that lies on the Moon's far side just out of sight past the western limb. It lies to the west of the larger crater Leucippus and to the northwest of the still larger satellite crater Leucippus Q. It recalls the memory of Takeo Hatanaka (1914 – 1963) a Japanese astronomer.This is a somewhat eroded crater formation with a pair of small impacts breaking into the northern rim.
 Wapikopa Lake is a lake in northern Ontario Canada located southwest of Winisk River Provincial Park.
 The Pitt River is a river in Fiordland New Zealand. It rises north-west of Oilskin Pass and flows north-westward into Lake Beddoes.
 The Lungoț River is a tributary of the Cungrea River in Romania.
 Storebottnosi is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Ship Pond is an 11-acre (45000 m2) reservoir in the Vallerville village of Plymouth Massachusetts located in a narrow area between Route 3A and Cape Cod Bay south of Surfside Beach north of Bayside Beach and east of Morey Hole. The pond is a secondary municipal water supply for the Town of Plymouth.
 The Calore Lucano (or Calore Salernitano) is a river in Campania southern Italy whose course is entirely included in the province of Salerno within Cilento for a total of about 63 kilometers. It is an important left tributary of the Sele. In ancient times it was known as Calor.
 Santiam Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Oregon west of Three Fingered Jack in the Cascade Range. It is headwaters for the North Santiam River and drains a portion of the southwestern Mount Jefferson Wilderness.
 The Agriș River is a tributary of the Moraviţa River in Romania
 Morsbach (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Oreamnus Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake or the Goat Creek drainage.Oreamnus Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Three Lake Limber Lake and Packrat Lake are upstream of Oreamnus Lake.
 The Rodger River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Martins Fork Lake is a 340-acre (1.4 km2) reservoir in Harlan County Kentucky. The lake was impounded from the Martin's Fork in 1979 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers. It is named for James Martin an early pioneer in the area.
 Silver Lake is located on the west side of the town of Silver Lake Kansas. It is about a half mile north of the Kansas River. Having an average surface area of 14-acre (57000 m2) it is one of the very few natural lakes in Kansas. It originally was a part of the Kansas River and was left as a lake when the River changed course in the nineteenth century or earlier. However it is said to be fed by a spring in the lakebed. The lake is crescent shaped.
 Girtys Run is a tributary of the Allegheny River located in Allegheny County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 The Tsitsa River (Afrikaans: Tsitsarivier; Xhosa: iTsitsa) is a river in the Eastern Cape Province South Africa. It is a tributary of the Mzimvubu River and belongs to the Mzimvubu to Keiskamma Water Management Area.
 Hutberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Winagami Lake is a large and shallow lake in northern Alberta Canada. It is located in the Municipal District of Big Lakes and Municipal District of Smoky River areas north-east of the junction of Highway 2 and Highway 679.
 Beinn Udlamain is a Scottish mountain which stands just to the west of the summit of the Pass of Drumochter and east of Loch Ericht some 30 km west-northwest of the village of Blair Atholl. The mountain’s summit stands on the border between the Highland and Perth and Kinross council areas.
 Mont Billiat is a mountain of Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Chablais Alps range. It has an altitude of 1894 metres above sea level.
 Gråvåhø is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Lake Kaiiwi is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand. It is known for its beautiful scenery.
 Bondenau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Lucretius is an impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the southeast of the huge walled plain Hertzsprung within the outer skirt of ejecta that surrounds that impact feature. To the southwest of Lucretius lies Fridman.This crater is a relatively fresh impact as the formation is well-defined and the rim and interior remain nearly unscathed from impact erosion. The rim has an outward bulge along the western side so that it is slightly wider in longitude than latitude.
 Vlasina Lake (Serbian: Власинско језеро Vlasinsko jezero) is a semi-artificial lake in Southeast Serbia. Lying at an altitude of 1211 metres (3973 ft) with an area of 16 square kilometres (6.2 sq mi) it is the highest and largest artificial lake in Serbia. It was created in 1947–51 when the peat bog Vlasinsko blato (Vlasina mud) was closed off by a dam and submerged by the waters of incoming rivers chiefly the Vlasina.
 The Hatherton Canal is a derelict branch of the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal in south Staffordshire England. It was constructed in two phases the first section opening in 1841 and connecting the main line to Churchbridge from where a tramway connected to the Great Wyrley coal mines.
 Riddle Run is a tributary of the Allegheny River located in Allegheny County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 The Valea Castanului is a tributary of the Gârbova River in Romania.
 Lake of the Woods is a natural lake near the crest of the Cascade Range in southern Oregon United States. The lake covers 1146 acres (4.64 km2). The lake was named by Oliver C. Applegate in 1870. Today the lake is part of the Fremont-Winema National Forests. The Oregon Department of Fish and Wildlife manages the lake’s fishery. The small unincorporated community of Lake of the Woods Oregon is located on the east shore of the lake.
 Singold is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Billingen is the largest of the thirteen mesas in the Swedish county of Västra Götaland with a maximum altitude of 299 metres (981 ft). The mesa extends in a north-southerly direct with a length of 23 kilometres (14 mi) and a width of 11 kilometres (6.8 mi). Billingen is divided into two parts by an east-west valley between Skövde and Varnhem.
 Bigyesan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1126 metres.
 Shkhara (Georgian: შხარა) is the highest point in the nation of Georgia. Located in the Svaneti region along the Russian frontier Shkhara lies 88 kilometres (55 mi) north of the city of Kutaisi Georgia's second largest city. The summit lies in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range to the south-east of Mount Elbrus Europe's highest mountain.
 The Bicu River is a tributary of the Tisa River in Romania.
 Mount Craig 6647 feet (2026 m) is the second highest peak of the Appalachian Mountains and second only to 6684 feet (2037 m) Mount Mitchell in eastern North America. It is located in the Black Mountains in Yancey County North Carolina. The mountain lies just north of Mt.
 The Mason River is a river of the north Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from the Amuri Range before turning southwest to reach the Waiau River at the township of Waiau.
 The Willow Brook is a tributary of the River Nene. Its entire course is in the English county of Northamptonshire.The Willow Brook rises north of Corby where until 1980 water was extracted for use at Corby Steelworks. It then flows through or near Deene Bulwick Blatherwycke King's Cliffe and Woodnewton and joins the Nene downstream from Fotheringhay.
 Jaufenpass (Italian: Passo di Monte Giovo) (el. 2094 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the South Tyrol in Italy.It connects Meran and Sterzing on the road to the Brenner Pass. It is the northernmost pass in the Alps that is completely in Italy. The pass road is very winding with many switchbacks.
 Mount Job is one of the six named volcanic peaks of Mount Meager in British Columbia Canada. It is a pile of rubble held together by volcanic ash and sand. The main summit of Mount Job is hard to climb because of difficult access and because of its horrible loose rock.
 Gough Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada. It's also called Birch Lake.
 Island Pond is a 179-acre (0.72 km2) water body located in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire United States in the town of Stoddard.
 Geumdaebong is a mountain in the province of Gangwon-do in South Korea. Its area extends over the cities of Taebaek Samcheok and the county of Jeongseon. Geumdaebong has an elevation of 1408.1 m (4620 ft).
 The Chitina River (Ahtna Athabascan Tsedi Na’ < tsedi «copper» + na’ «river») is a 112-mile (180 km) tributary of the Copper River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins in the Saint Elias Mountains at the base of Chitana Glacier and flows generally northwest through the Wrangell–St. Elias National Park and Preserve to meet the larger river near Chitina. The watershed was once a major copper mining region.
 The Hinter Fiescherhorn is a summit of the Bernese Alps near the Gross Fiescherhorn. It is located in the Swiss canton of Valais near the border with the canton of Berne.
 Harrison Lake is the largest lake in the southern Coast Mountains of Canada being about 250 square kilometres (95 mi²) in area. It is about 60 km (37 mi) in length and at its widest almost 9 km (5.6 mi) across. Its southern end at the resort community of Harrison Hot Springs is c. 95 km east of downtown Vancouver. East of the lake are the Lillooet Ranges while to the west are the Douglas Ranges.
 Lake Claire is the largest lake which is entirely in Alberta Canada. It is located entirely in Wood Buffalo National Park west of Lake Athabasca. It lies between the mouths of Peace River and Athabasca River and is part of the Peace-Athabasca Delta system.The lake has a total area of 1436 km2 (554 sq mi) with 21 km2 (8.1 sq mi) island area and lies at an elevation of 213 m (699 ft). It is the largest lake located entirely within Albertan boundaries.
 The Commissioners Waters a watercourse that is part of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Aar or Aare (German Aare) a tributary of the High Rhine is the longest river that both rises and ends entirely within Switzerland.Its total length from its source to its junction with the Rhine comprises about 295 km (183 miles) during which distance it descends 1565 m (5135 ft) draining an area of 17779 km2 (6865 sq mi) almost entirely within Switzerland and accounting for close to half the area of the country including all of Central Switzerland..
 The Trout River is a 13.5-mile-long (21.7 km) tributary of the Upper Iowa River in northeastern Iowa. It rises in Frankville Township in Winneshiek County south of Iowa Highway 9 and flows north to join the Upper Iowa River in Glenwood Township east of Decorah. It is joined from the west by a major tributary Trout Creek.
 The Cisla River is a tributary of the Elan River in Romania.
 Fazeley Junction (grid reference SK202020) is the name of the canal junction where the authorised Birmingham and Fazeley Canal terminates and meets the Coventry Canal at Fazeley near Tamworth Staffordshire England.
 Mauna Loa also known as West Molokai Volcano is the name given to an extinct shield volcano comprising the western half of Molokai in the U.S. state of Hawaii. It was constructed in two volcanic phases. The first constructed the broad tholeiitic shield volcano of Mauna Loa that ended 1.89 million years ago and the second volcanic phase produced postshield alkalic volcanics 1.76 million years ago.
 Gebel al-Ain is a plateau in Sudan at the border between the Northern state and North Kurdufan.The Gebel al-Ain area is more fertile than the surrounding dry savannah making it a popular grazing ground for the Kababish-nomads dwelling around it.Around the Gebel al-Ain liegen many archaeological sites are situated mostly graveyards of the post-Meroitic and medieval Christian period.
 The Pobeda (Russian: Победа) is the highest mountain (3003 m) in the Chersky Range Russia.
 Bannerdale Crags is a fell in the English Lake District. It stands between Blencathra and Bowscale Fell in the Northern Fells.
 Parbati River is a river in Madhya Pradesh India that flows into the Chambal River. The river rises at a height of 610 m in the Vindhya Range and runs for 436 km.[citation needed] It is one of the Chambal River's three main tributaries along with the Banas River and the Kali Sindh River.
 The Llangollen Canal (Welsh: Camlas Llangollen) is a navigable canal crossing the border between England and Wales. The waterway links Llangollen in Denbighshire north Wales with Hurleston in south Cheshire via the town of Ellesmere Shropshire.
 The River Anker is a river in England that flows through the centre of Nuneaton towards Tamworth in Staffordshire then continues on and merges with the River Tame in Tamworth. The Anker is popular with anglers and is known to contain some large pike and chub.
 Vanguard Cave is a natural sea cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar which is part of the Gorham's Cave complex. This complex of four caves has been nominated for UNESCO World Heritage Site status. The cave complex is one of the last known habitations of the Neanderthals with a period of inhabitation from 55000 to 28000 years ago. It is located on the southeast face of the Rock of Gibraltar.
 The Merri Creek is a waterway in southern parts of Victoria Australia which flows through the northern suburbs of Melbourne. It begins in Wallan north of Melbourne and flows south for 70 km until it joins the Yarra River at Dights Falls.
 Fremont Pass (el. 3450 m./11318 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States.It forms the continental divide on the border between Lake County and Summit County. The pass is named for John C. Frémont an explorer of the American West who discovered the pass while traversing present-day Colorado during the 1840s.
 Foel y Geifr is a subsidiary summit of Esgeiriau Gwynion and included in a group of hills known as the Hirnantau. These hills rise from the south east shores of Llyn Tegid. Confusion arises when trying to establish to which mountain range these belong to. Since Foel y Geifr forms part of the Hirnant horseshoe many consider it to be a Berwyn peak. However geographically it belong to the Aran Fawddwy group its parent peak being Esgeiriau Gwynion.
 King Lake is a lake of Hants County Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Akaiwang River is a river of Guyana a tributary of the Wenamu River.
 The Eigerjoch is a high Alpine pass lying between the Mönch (south) and the Eiger (north). The lowest point (3614 m) on the ridge is named Nördliches Eigerjoch while another pass (3747 m) located closer to the Mönch is named Südliches Eigerjoch.
 Monte San Martino (Lecco) is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Spurr River is a short stream in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. It rises from the outflow of Beaufort Lake at 46°32′47″N 88°11′14″W and flows 3.9 miles (6.3 km) east-southeast into Lake Michigamme at 46°31′43″N 88°07′54″W.The river flows along the south side of US 41/M-28 for most of its course. To the north of the road is a high ridge.
 Gyvatn is a lake which straddles the borders of the three Norwegian municipalities of Bygland and Evje og Hornnes (in Aust-Agder county) and Åseral (in Vest-Agder county). It's located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) northwest of the village of Byglandsfjord and the lake Byglandsfjorden.
 Kranji Reservoir (Chinese: 克兰芝蓄水池; Malay: Empangan Air Kranji) is a reservoir in the northern part of Singapore near the Straits of Johor was a former freshwater river that flowed out into the sea that dammed at its mouth to form a freshwater reservoir. It can also be classified as an estuary.
 Silver Lake is a small freshwater prairie lake in Northwestern Minnesota. It is located three miles (5 km) south of the town of Hawley.The lake has one public access located off County Road 12 which includes a boat ramp small grass beach. and parking for around 5 vehicles. Its proximity to the Fargo-Moorhead metro area and the lakes' area makes it attractive for recreational use. It sees relatively heavy use for activities such as fishing swimming and water sports.
 Ortler (Italian: Ortles; German: Ortler) is at 3905 m (12812 ft) above sea level the highest mountain in the Eastern Alps outside the Bernina Range. It is the main peak of the Ortler Range. It is the highest point of the Southern Limestone Alps of the Italian province of South Tyrol of Tyrol overall and until 1919 of the Austrian-Hungarian empire.
 The Lunain is a 51.4 km (31.9 mi) long river in the Yonne and Seine-et-Marne départements in north-central France. It is a tributary off the right bank of the Loing. Its source is in Yonne less than 3 km (1.9 mi) south-west of Égriselles-le-Bocage. It joins the river Loing in Seine-et-Marne at Épisy.
 The Nullica River is an intermittently closed semi-mature saline coastal lagoon or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Waitahuna River is a river in New Zealand a tributary of the Clutha River.
 Litlverivatnet (Lule Sami: Bassejávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. The 3.98-square-kilometre (1.54 sq mi) lake is located about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northeast of the village of Straumen inside of Rago National Park.
 The Grand Roy River is a river of Grenada.
 The Forquetinha River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Edmund River is a river in the Gascoyne region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the Edmund rise north of the Barlee Range. The river flows south-west until it merges with the Lyons River of which it is a tributary. The Lyons continues until it flows into the Gascoyne River.The first European to discover the river was explorer Francis Gregory in 1858.
 Mersing River is a river in Johor state Malaysia. It flows from south to north with a chatchment of 270 km². The River mouth is in Mersing and goes to the South China Sea.
 Harishchandragad (map) is a hill fort in the Ahmednagar district of India. Its history is linked with that of Malshej Ghat kothale village and it has played a major role in guarding and controlling thesurrounding region.
 Snelli tiik also Šnelli tiik is a lake of Estonia.
 Four Mile Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada. The lake is roughly 3.56 kilometers North-East of Coboconk Ontario and 2.08 kilometers west of Burnt River. The lake is located in the Kawartha lakes region of south central Ontario Canada.
 Joutsjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Päijänne Tavastia in Finland.
 Cahilty Lake is a lake in British Columbia Canada. It is named for Robert Cahilty who settled in the upper Louis Creek valley of British Columbia in the late 1890s developing a good ranch.[citation needed]
 The Borăscu River is a tributary of the Jilţ River in Romania.
 Przemsza (German: Przemsa) is a river in the south of Poland a tributary of the Vistula. According to one theory it originates at the confluence of the Black (Polish: Czarna) Przemsza and White (Biała) Przemsza between the cities of Mysłowice and Jaworzno. For about 24 km (15 mi) it flows southwards to its Vistula mouth at Czarnuchowice (a district of Bierun). Another theory stipulates that it has the length of 88 kilometers and begins at the source of the Black Przemsza.
 The Santana River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 King Solomon's Dome also called King Solomon Dome is a 1234-metre (4049 ft) peak in the Yukon-Mackenzie Divide region of the Yukon Territory Canada. It is 32 kilometres (20 mi) southeast of Dawson City Yukon and is believed to be the source of the gold fields that sparked the Klondike Gold Rush at the turn of the 20th century.
 Bloody Pond is a 98-acre (400000 m2) natural kettlehole pond in Plymouth Massachusetts near Long Pond village. The pond is located southeast of Long Pond. This pond visible from the southbound side of Route 3 past the Ship Pond Road bridge is fed by groundwater and has over two miles (3 km) of shoreline. The average depth is 17 feet (5.2 m) and the maximum depth is 38 feet (12 m).
 Crystal Lake is a lake located in Lida Township in Otter Tail County Minnesota USA.
 Cooper Mountain runs southwest northeast through Hampshire County in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle rising to its greatest elevation of 2028 feet (618 m) above sea-level at Bens Knob. The mountain's other knob Butchers Knob has an elevation of 1783 feet (543 m). Cooper Mountain is flanked to its west by North River Mountain and to its east by Parks Valley and Dillons Run. The Northwestern Turnpike (U.S. Route 50) crosses Cooper Mountain at Loom between Hanging Rock and Capon Bridge.
 Mittelberg (Rhön) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The San Luis Rey River is a river in northern San Diego County California. The river's headwaters are in the Cleveland National Forest near Palomar Mountain. The river drains into the Pacific Ocean on the northern end of the city of Oceanside. The river is over 69 miles (111 km) long and drains 562 square miles (1460 km2). There is little water in the river during most of the year but it can have very large flows during winter storms.
 Leirungstinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway. The eastern of the two peaks is the highest reaching 2288 m (7507 ft) above sea level. The western peak reaches 2250 m (7382 ft) a.s.l.
 The Chli Ruchen (2944 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking the Brunnital south of Unterschächen in the canton of Uri. It is located between the higher Gross Ruchen on the west and the Schärhorn on the east.
 Great Sandy Bottom Pond is a 109-acre (0.44 km2) reservoir in Pembroke Massachusetts. The reservoir is located south of Oldham Pond and Furnace Pond and north of Little Sandy Bottom Pond. The reservoir is a Class A public water supply for the Abington/Rockland Joint Water Works.
 Mount VX-6 (72°38′S 162°12′E) is a distinctive sharp mountain 2185 metres (7169 ft) standing 4 nautical miles (7.4 km) north of Minaret Nunatak in the Monument Nunataks in Victoria Land East Antarctica.
 Mt. Shinobu (信夫山 Shinobu-yama) is a 275 meter monadnock located in the center of Fukushima Fukushima Japan.
 The Peiros (Greek: Πείρος) is a river in the central and the northwestern parts of Achaea Greece. The river is known locally under several names including Kamenitsa (Καμενίτσα) Mellas (Μέλλας) Pieros (Πίερος) Nezeritiko (Νεζερίτικο) Prevedos (Πρέβεδος) and Acheloos (Αχελώος). One of its tributaries is the Tytheus also known as Parapeiros.
 The Bega Poieni River or Bega Mică River is a headwater of the Bega River in Romania.
 Organ Cave is a large and historic cave in Greenbrier County West Virginia USA. The surrounding community takes its name from the cave.In November 1973 the Organ Cave System — also known as the Organ-Hedricks Cave System — was registered as a National Natural Landmark for being the largest cave system in the State containing many caves one of which is Organ Cave.
 Lac de Nantua (Nantua Lake) is a lake located between Nantua Montreal-la-Cluse and Port in Ain glacial an expanse of 141 hectares. The lake was made a protected natural site in 1935.
 The Pelque River is a river of Argentina.
 Christina Lake is a lake located along the Crowsnest Highway in the south-central area of British Columbia known as Boundary Country which separates the Okanagan region from the West Kootenays. It is located 23 kilometers east of Grand Forks just 1 km north of the United States border. The region experiences very hot dry summers which results in July and early August water temperatures averaging in the 23°C (73.4 Degrees Fahrenheit) range.
 Ransbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Herman Point is a satellite of Blue Knob mountain in Pennsylvania and one of the few summits in the state which exceed 3000 feet (914 m) feet. This summit is located in the Blue Knob State Park and serves as the trailhead for the Lost Turkey Trail. Herman Point is also the site of FAA towers and the old fire lookout which has since been removed.
 Cedar Lake is a lake just north of Lake Winnipegosis in Manitoba Canada. Cedar Lake's water level is controlled by the Grand Rapids dam. The town of Grand Rapids and the First Nations town of Easterville are nearby.The lake is known to have excellent examples of prehistoric amber fossil of cretaceous age. This type of amber is called as Chemawinit according to an Indian tribe which lives in this area. Another name of this amber is Cedarit. This amber contains many organic inclusions.
 The Kyaw River is a river of upper Burma (Myanmar). It is a major tributary of the Yaw River which it enters just below the town of Pauk.
 Lake Stubbe (Stubbe Sø in Danish) is a nature conservation area and a former fjord which in the Stone Age entered the sea Kattegat at the entrance to the Baltic Sea between Denmark and Sweden in Northern Europe. The lake is the largest lake in Djursland and is located about 6 km north of Ebeltoft. 150 years ago the lake was surrounded by moor land as the original oak forest had been depleted due to human intervention.
 Mount Blum or Mount Bald is a 7680-foot (2340 m) summit of the North Cascades range in Washington state on the western edge of North Cascades National Park. It is the highest summit of a string of mountain peaks located east of Mount Shuksan and west of the Picket Range. Two small active glaciers rest on its northern flank.
 Väimela Mäejärv is a lake in Estonia's southeastern county of Voru near to the borders of Latvia and Russia.
 Caer Caradoc (Welsh - Caer Caradog) is a hill in the English county of Shropshire. It overlooks the town of Church Stretton and the village of All Stretton and offers panoramic views to the north towards The Wrekin east to Wenlock Edge and west over the nearby Long Mynd.
 Lake Idyl an oval-shaped lake is a natural freshwater lake in northeast Winter Haven Florida. This lake has a 18.99-acre (76800 m2) surface area. Much of its surface area is swamplike and it has at least a few floating islands.
 The White River is a tributary about 200 miles (320 km) long of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska and the Canadian territory of Yukon. The Alaska Highway crosses the White River near Beaver Creek.The White River is glacier-fed and contains large amounts of suspended sediment. It transports 19 million tons of sediment per year in the upper part of its basin. This dramatically changes the clarity of the Yukon River which remains sediment laden from the confluence to its mouth.
 Heidenhäuschen is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Trauzenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Nam Theun also known as Khading is a river in Laos in Khammouane and Bolikhamsai Provinces. Together with its tributaries Nam One Nam Noy and Nam Theun it has total length of 138 km (86 mi) and drain an area of 2800 km2 (1100 sq mi). Nam Theun is also three options for large dams on the same river called Nam Theun 1 Nam Theun 1-2 and Nam Theun 2. Nam Theun 2 which was considered the most economic of the three options is in operation.
 Canton Lake is a freshwater reservoir located in Fulton County Illinois. Known for its trophy sized largemouth bass and its abundant channel catfish. The lake's major fish species are Largemouth Bass Crappie Bluegill Yellow bass Channel catfish Carp and Gizzard Shad. The City of Canton Illinois has various user fees for boat use and an 85 horse power motor limit. The lake had a large number of channel catfish largemouth bass and tiger muskie stocked over the last decade.
 The Tetila River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Valea Aurului River in Romania.
 The Gilgil River drains part of the floor of the Great Rift Valley Kenya and the plateau to the east of the valley flowing from the north into Lake Naivasha. The river runs to the east of the town of Gilgil which is on the height of land between the Lake Naivasha and Lake Elmenteita basins.The river has its origins above 2500 metres (8200 ft) where rainfall is around 1100 millimetres (43 in) annually.It has water year round.The Gilgil has three main headwaters.
 The Agua Fria River is a 120-mile (190 km) long intermittent stream that flows generally south from 20 miles (32 km) east-northeast of Prescott in the U.S. state of Arizona. Prescott draws much of its municipal water supply from the upper Agua Fria drainage. The Agua Fria runs through the Agua Fria National Monument.
 The Yampa River is a 250 mi (402 km) long river in northwestern Colorado of the Southwestern United States. It is a tributary of the Green River and so contributes into the Colorado River. The Yampa has the second-largest watershed in the state of Colorado.[citation needed]The name is derived from the Snake Indians word for the Perideridia plant which has an edible root. John C.
 Crowley Lake is a reservoir on the upper Owens River in southern Mono County California in the United States. Crowley Lake is 15 miles south of Mammoth Lakes.The lake was created in 1941 by the building of the Long Valley Dam by the Los Angeles Department of Water and Power (DWP) as storage for the Los Angeles Aqueduct and for flood control. The dam is 126 feet high and impounds 183465 acre-feet.
 Lightning Lake is a lake located in E. C. Manning Provincial Park British Columbia Canada. The lake is freshwater and is located within the Similkameen-Okanogan forest district. The lake is unusual as it drains in two directions into Flash Lake in the south and the Similkameen River to the north. The current lake is not a naturally occurring lake as at the north end near the day-use area there is an earthen dam.
 Barma is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 128 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1982. Balzac is named for the Russian architect Barma who lived in the 16th century.
 Birmingham Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is an arm of Peel Sound and is located on the western side of Somerset Island. It is located north of M'Clure Bay. The closest hamlet is Resolute located about 148 km (92 mi) to the north on Cornwallis Island. M'Clure Bay is nearby.
 The Feniș River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Benínar Reservoir is a reservoir in Berja province of Almería Andalusia Spain.
 Lake Gregory (aka Paraku) is an inland drainage lake situated in north-eastern Western Australia between the Great Sandy Desert and the Tanami Desert. It is usually fresh water but can become saline after a number of dry years. It has a fairly regular inflow of water and is considered to be a permanent lake.Lake Gregory is situated on the edge of Mulan Aboriginal Community home to the Walmajarri people. It is a traditional site to the people containing several culturally significant sites.
 Sandies Creek is a river in Texas.
 Butterfly Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the northwest slopes of the northwest summit of Luahna Peak and the ridge which extends west from the peak. Butterfly Glacier is separated into two glaciers the larger one in the east descends from 8000 to 6600 ft (2400 to 2000 m). An arête separates Butterfly Glacier from Pilz Glacier to the east.
 Juovvajávri or Urvannet is a lake in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 2.24-square-kilometre (0.86 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) northeast of the lake Stuorajávri and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) northwest of the large lake Iešjávri.
 The Buffalo River is a 4.5-mile-long (7.2 km) tidal river northwest of Brunswick Georgia. It is part of the Brunswick River network of tidal channels along the Atlantic coast of the U.S. state of Georgia.
 Mount Watatic is a 1832 foot (558 m) monadnock located on the Massachusetts-New Hampshire border at the southern end of the Wapack Range of mountains. It lies within Ashburnham Massachusetts Ashby Massachusetts and New Ipswich New Hampshire; the 22 miles (35 km) Wapack Trail and the 92 miles (148 km) Midstate Trail both cross the mountain.
 The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Rușchița River in Romania.
 The Mellacorée River is a short river in Guinea. Most of its lower part is an estuary.
 The Cantú River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Swale is a strip of sea separating North Kent from the Isle of Sheppey. The Swale was originally part of a river valley facing eastwards. As sea-levels rose water occupied the whole length of the valley dividing today's Isle of Sheppey from the mainland. The Swale forms both a National Nature Reserve and a Special Protection Area.
 The Boulzane River is a river in the south of France. Its source is in Aude near Montfort-sur-Boulzane. It flows through Lapradelle-Puilaurens Gincla Caudiès-de-Fenouillèdes before it empties into the Agly River near Saint-Paul-de-Fenouillet .
 Mount Oates is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1913 by G.E. Howard.
 The Crafton Hills are a low mountain range of the Transverse Ranges System in Southern California.They are located near Yucaipa east of the city of San Bernardino in San Bernardino County. The range is south the San Bernardino Mountains foothills.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Dezna River in Romania.
 The Izvorul Bătrânei River or Izvorul Bârlaia River is a headwater of the Strâmba River in Romania.
 The Großer Wurzelnberg rises to a height of 625.8 m above NN in the Harz mountains of central Germany. It lies 3.7 km northeast of Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony. It is a rounded summit (Kuppe) on one of the ridges running southwards from the Acker and which forms the watershed between the Kleine Kulmke and the Große Kulmke. The Kleiner Wurzelnberg is located 750 m further west on the other side of the valley of the Kleine Kulmke.
 Blanshard Peak also known as The Blanshard Needle by local climbers is a distinctive rock pinnacle in Golden Ears Provincial Park that is visible from many places in the Lower Mainland. Named for the first governor of the colony of Vancouver Island the name of the summit and area is the subject of some confusion due to the labeling of the entire Golden Ears Group on the published maps for the area.
 Fatah Sagar Lake is situated in Udaipur city in the Indian state of Rajasthan.
 Riozinho River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Big Ugly Creek is a major tributary of the Guyandotte River in the Harts Creek District of Lincoln County West Virginia United States. The naming of this creek was due to 1) an early settler at the mouth of the creek who was unpleasing to the eye; 2) the crooked shape of the creek itself.
 Akna Montes are a mountain range on Venus centered at 68.9°N 318.2°E and stretching 830 km long.The Akna range is a north-south trending ridge belt that forms the western border of the elevated smooth plateau of Lakshmi Planum. The Lakshmi plateau plains are formed by extensive volcanic eruptions and are bounded by mountain chains on all sides. The plains appear to be deformed near the mountains. This suggests that some of the mountain building activity occurred after the plains formed.
 The Sparruhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking St. Niklaus in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range between the Turtmanntal and the Mattertal although it is located within the Mattertal and not on the watershed between the two valleys.On the north side of the mountain lies the small valley of the Jungtal.
 Hohenbol is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Spavinaw Water Project was a water project to provide water for Tulsa Oklahoma.
 Mount DeVeber (sometimes spelled De Veber) is a mountain in Willmore Wilderness Park in Alberta Canada. It is named for former Canadian Senator Leverett George DeVeber.
 The Tenny River is a 1.0-mile-long (1.6 km) stream connecting Crescent Lake with Panther Pond in the town of Raymond in the U.S. state of Maine. The river drops just one foot in elevation over its course from 278 feet (85 m) above sea level at Crescent Lake to 277 feet (84 m) at Panther Pond the outlet of which (Panther Run) then drops another 10 feet (3.0 m) to Sebago Lake. The Tenny River is part of the Presumpscot River watershed flowing to Casco Bay an arm of the Atlantic Ocean.
 Rickleån is a river in Sweden.
 Mount Abantos is a mountain in the Sierra de Guadarrama range in the Sistema Central of Spain a chain that runs from east to west. For the most part the mountain is located in the municipality of San Lorenzo de El Escorial in the Community of Madrid with part of its west side in the province of Ávila.
 The Valea Pinilor River or Fieghiu River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 Öxará (Icelandic: axe river) is a river in Iceland in Þingvellir National Park a tributary of Lake Þingvallavatn. It descends to the rift forming Öxarárfoss a waterfall.
 The Rote Spitze is a mountain in Austria and at 2956 m AA the second highest peak in the Villgraten Mountains. It lies south of St. Jakob in Defereggen and east of the Austro-Italian border.The immediate neighbour of the Rote Spitze to the east is the somewhat higher Weiße Spitze (2962 m). The names of the two summits are however not absolutely clear. This article adopts the names used by the Federal Office of Metrology and Survey.
 The Achelous (Greek: Αχελώος) also Acheloos is a river in western Greece. It formed the boundary between Acarnania and Aetolia of antiquity. It empties into the Ionian Sea. In ancient times its spirit was venerated as the river god Achelous.Herodotus taking notice of the shoreline-transforming power of the Acheloos River even compared it to the Nile in this respect:'There are other rivers as well which though not as large as the Nile have had substantial results.
 The Sand River (or Manyeleti River) is a river in the Mpumalanga lowveld flowing south-eastwards through the Sabi Sand Game Reserve for 50 km and joining the Sabie River 13 km east of Skukuza rest camp in the Kruger National Park.The catchment area of the whole Sabie-Sand system is 6320 km2.
 Shirakatsi is an impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It is attached to the southern exterior rim of the larger crater Perepelkin and overlies the northwestern rim of Dobrovol'skiy.This is a relatively fresh crater that has not been significantly eroded by subsequent impacts. The rim edge is well-defined and there are some terrace structures along parts of the inner wall. The interior floor is uneven particularly in the north where it is covered by a complex of ridges.
 The Valea Șugărilor River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Eisbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Buck is a crater in the Navka region of Venus. It has the terraced walls flat radar-dark floor and central peak that are characteristic of craters classified as 'complex'. The central peak on its floor is unusually large. Flow-like deposits extend beyond the limits of the coarser rim deposits on its west and southwest. Like about half of the craters mapped by Magellan to date it is surrounded by a local radar-dark halo.
 The Brixental (Brixen Valley) is a southeastern side valley of the Tyrolean Lower Inn Valley in Austria with a length of about 30 km (18.6 mi). Near Wörgl (513 m AMSL; 318 mi) the Brixental and Inn valleys meet. The Brixental had belonged to Salzburg since 1312 and first joined Tyrol in 1816 when the new European order came into being.The valley lies in the Kitzbühel Alps and its main river of the valley is the Brixentaler Ache.
 Tylihul (Ukrainian: Тилігул) is a river in the Odessa Oblast in southern Ukraine 168 km long up to 10–20 m wide watershed is 3 550 km2. It has origin in the Podolian Upland and flows through narrow (1.0—1.5 km wide) valley to the Black Sea depression where the valley is wider and has up to 3 km. The river inflows to the Tylihul Estuary.The name of the river comes from the name of the water body into which it flows the Tylihul Estuary Turkish: Deli Göl means mad rabid lake.
 The Kaskaskia River is a tributary of the Mississippi River approximately 325 miles (523 km) long in central and southern Illinois in the United States. The second largest river system within Illinois it drains a rural area of farms as well as rolling hills along river bottoms of hardwood forests in its lower reaches.
 Gråhøe på Dovre is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Geumjeonsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 668 metres.
 Calabazas Creek is a 13.3-mile-long (21.4 km) northeast by northward-flowing stream originating on Table Mountain in Saratoga California in Santa Clara County California United States. It courses through the cities of Saratoga San Jose Cupertino Santa Clara and Sunnyvale culminating in the Guadalupe Slough in south San Francisco Bay.
 The Stâna River is a tributary of the Pleşa River in Romania.
 The Yea River is a river in central Victoria Australia. It flows in a northerly direction through the town of Yea before entering the Goulburn River. The river like the town is named in honour of Colonel Lacy Walter Yea— a British Army colonel killed during the Crimean War in 1855 the year that Yea was founded.
 The Călimănel River is a tributary of the Şaru River in Romania.
 Anthony Peak is a mountain located in the Northern Coast Ranges of California north of Mendocino Pass. The summit is the highest point in Mendocino County and receives snowfall in the winter.The rare endemic wildflower known as Anthony Peak lupine (Lupinus antoninus) was named for this peak.The peak was probably named for James Anthony who owned a farm in the Round Valley district in 1874.
 Crystal Lake is near the village of Barton in Orleans County Vermont. It is a glacial lake 3 by 1 mile (4.8 by 1.6 km) and 100 feet (30 m) deep in places. Route 5 runs along the lake's western shore. Crystal Lake is in the northeast section of the state of Vermont.
 Quadrant Mountain el. 9954 feet (3034 m) is a mountain peak in the southern section of the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park.
 Sgùrr nan Clach Geala is a Scottish mountain situated 28 kilometres south-southeast of Ullapool in the county of Ross and Cromarty in the Highland council area. It is one of ten Munros located in the group of hills known as the Fannichs.
 Lago di Cavazzo or Lago dei Tre Comuni is a lake in the Province of Udine Friuli-Venezia Giulia Italy. At an elevation of 191 m its surface area is 1.74 km².
 North Whitesand Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada and is part of the Whitesand River system. It is about 700 metres (2297 ft) long and 300 metres (984 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 512 metres (1680 ft). The primary inflow and outflow is the Whitesand River.
 Eyebrook Reservoir (also Eye Brook Reservoir) is a reservoir in the East Midlands of England. It straddles the border of Leicestershire (to the west) and Rutland (to the east). It is located about 6 km (3.7 mi) northwest of Corby in Northamptonshire. Nearby villages are Stoke Dry to the north and Caldecott to the south and near the dam.The reservoir was formed by the damming of the Eye Brook.
 The Bluestone River is a tributary of the New River 77 mi (124 km) long in southwestern Virginia and southern West Virginia in the United States. Via the New Kanawha and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. An 11 mi (18 km) portion of its lower course is designated as the Bluestone National Scenic River.
 The Tsna is a river in Brest Region Belarus approximately 126 km (78 mi) long. It is a left tributary of the Pripyat River.
 Zigetangcuo Lake (Chinese: 兹格塘错) is a crenogenic meromictic lake in the North Tibetan Plateau. It is located in Nagqu Prefecture north of Dongqiao. It has an area of 18700 ha and it's at an altitude of 4560 meters. It is the meromictic lake located at a highest altitude.
 The Acher is a river in the district of Ortenau Baden-Württemberg Germany and a right tributary of the Rhine River. It flows in an eastwesterly direction from the Black Forest toward the Rhine between the Rench River to the South and the Oos River to the North.Its source is located near the top of Schliffkopf Mountain (Black Forest) at an elevation of 1054 metres (3458 ft) above sea level above Ottenhöfen.
 The Caledonia River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Cobalt Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is just east of the Continental Divide in the Two Medicine region of Glacier National Park. Cobalt Lake is a 5.7 miles (9.2 km) hike from the Two Medicine Store.
 The Zirbitzkogel at 2396 m AA is the highest point of the Seetal Alps in Austria. It lies south of the Upper Mur valley in the Styria near its border with Carinthia.
 The Urubu River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Kniven is a mountain of Oppland in southeastern Norway.
 Cass Lake is a glacially-formed lake in north central Minnesota in the United States. It is approximately 10 mi (16 km) long and 7 mi (11 km) wide located in Cass and Beltrami counties within the Chippewa National Forest and the Leech Lake Indian Reservation adjacent to its namesake city of Cass Lake.
 The Winterstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps located west of Realp in the canton of Uri. It lies on the range east of the Tiefenstock that separates the Göschenertal from the Urserental.
 Barocius is an ancient lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon. It lies just to the southeast of the large crater Maurolycus. To the southwest of Barocius is Clairaut and to the south-southeast lies Breislak.The rim of Barocius has been worn and eroded by countless subsequent impacts. Of these the most notable is Barocius B which lies across the northeast rim and intrudes into Barocius C.
 Mount Nittany is the common name for Nittany Mountain a prominent geographic feature in Centre County Pennsylvania. The mountain is part of a ridge that separates Nittany Valley from Penns Valley with the enclosed Sugar Valley between them. On USGS topographic maps Nittany Mountain is generally shown as the lower ridge line that runs below Big Mountain on the west and Big Kettle Mountain on the east side coming together to form a single ridge line at the southern terminus.
 The Brooks Range (Athabaskan Gwazhał) is a mountain range in far northern North America stretching some 1100 km (700 mi) from west to east across northern Alaska into Canada's Yukon Territory. Reaching an elevation exceeeding 2700 m (9000 ft) the range is believed to be approximately 126 million years old.
 The Peixoto de Azevedo River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Lac du Chambon is a lake in Isère Rhône-Alpes France. At an elevation of 1040 m its surface area is 1.4 km².
 At 927 m above sea level the Bruchberg in the Upper Harz is the second highest mountain in Lower Saxony and the third highest in the Harz mountains in North Germany. It lies between Altenau and Torfhaus in the middle of the Harz National Park. The Bruchberg is more like a plateau and has no real summit. This plateau is partly covered with trees but on the sunny southern slopes the trees have largely died as a result of bark beetle infestation (see photograph below).
 Cerro La Mesa or La Mesa is a mountain in the Cordillera de la Ramada range of the Andes in Argentina. It has a height of 6200 metres (20341 ft). La Mesa means table in Spanish. The name of the mountain comes its flat and long summit ridge (there are six summits the 6200m being the highest).
 Vasishta Nadi named after the Hindu sage Vasishtha originates from Salem district flows through Attur Pattuthurai Thalaivasal Aragalur Sitheri and Cuddalore district. This river flows in Tiruchirapalli and joins Sweata Nadi before flowing into the Bay of Bengal. Dams on the river are located at Attur and Periyeri.
 Rötelbach (Jagst) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Nanpan River (Chinese: 南盘江; pinyin: Nánpán) has its source in the Yungui Plateau of eastern Yunnan Province. It then flows east forming part of the border between Guizhou and Guangxi provinces. It joins with the Beipan River to become the Hongshui River.Part of the Nanpan River is blocked by the Tianshengqiao Dam (Chinese: 天生桥大坝; pinyin: Tiānshēngqiáo dà bà) from which Wanfeng Lake (Chinese: 万峰湖; pinyin: Wànfēng hú) is formed.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Grand County Colorado United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 11224 feet (3421 m).
 Moiseev is a lunar impact crater that is located just on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south-southwest of the slightly larger crater Hertz and north of Saenger. To the southeast lies the irregular crater Al-Khwarizmi.Moiseev overlies the southern rim of the larger satellite formation Moiseev Z. Moiseev is not significantly worn and is marked only by a few tiny craterlets in the interior.
 Lone Peak a mountain peak southeast of Salt Lake City Utah is the center of the Lone Peak Wilderness Area which was established in 1978. At 11253 feet (3430 m) elevation it is one of the taller peaks in the Wasatch Range along the Wasatch Front and tends to be a favorite hike. Lone Peak consists almost entirely of quartz monzonite (a granitoid or granite-like) rock of the 30.5 million year old Little Cottonwood Stock.
 The Pusta reka (Serbian Cyrillic: Пуста река) is a river in southern Serbia a 71-km long left tributary to the Južna Morava. It also gives the name to the Pusta Reka region in its valley.
 Slaughter Creek is a 6.7-mile-long (10.8 km) saltwater creek that drains into the Little Choptank River. The creek is 0.3 miles (0.5 km) wide at its mouth. It separates Taylors Island Maryland from the mainland.
 The Jequitinhonha River (Portuguese pronunciation: [ʒekitʃiˈɲõɲɐ]) flows mainly through the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. Its source lies near Diamantina in the Espinhaço Mountains at an elevation of 1200 m after which it flows northward and then east-northeastward across the uplands. At Salto da Divisa it is interrupted by the Cachoeira (falls) do Salto Grande [43 m] high.
 The Le Sueur River (lay-SEWER) is a tributary of the Blue Earth River 111 miles (178 km) long in southern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Blue Earth and Minnesota Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 1089 square miles (2280 km²). It is the largest tributary of the Blue Earth River draining 31% of its watershed.
 Watergrove Reservoir is a reservoir close to Wardle in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale within Greater Manchester England. Rochdale Corporation chose Watergrove as a suitable site to build a large reservoir largely to a prolonged drought in the 1930s resulting in water regularly being bought from Oldham.
 The Pârâul Pintii is a tributary of the Negrişoara River in Romania.
 The Shabakunk Creek is a tributary of the Assunpink Creek in western New Jersey in the United States. Via the Assunpink its water ultimately flows into the Delaware River. The name Shabakunk is from the Lenape word meaning shore land.
 The Părău River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. The upper reach is sometimes known as the Perșani River
 The Sturgeon River is a river located in Kenora District in northwestern Ontario Canada. It travels 81 km (50 mi) south from its head to the English River.
 The Stuart River is one of the largest tributaries of the Nechako River in northeastern British Columbia Canada. The Nechako is in turn was on the more important tributaries of the Fraser River. The Stuart River flows 187 kilometres (116 mi) from Stuart Lake to its junction with the Nechako River. The river drains a portion of the Nechako Plateau—a gently-rolling region characterized by small lakes and tributaries.
 The Pegu Range (Burmese: ပဲခူးရိုးမ Pegu Yoma or Bago Yoma) is a range of low mountains or hills and uplands between the Irrawaddy and the Sittaung River in central Burma (Myanmar). The range runs from Mount Popa in the north to Singguttara Hill (Theingottara Hill) in the south. Both the Pegu River and the Sittaung River originate in the Pegu Range.
 The Pântano River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Lower Nihotupu Reservoir (or Lower Nihotupu Dam) is one of five reservoirs in the Waitakere Ranges that supply water to Auckland. Built between 1945 and 1948 the reservoir covers an area of 52.9 hectares and has a capacity of 4.6 million cubic metres.
 The Riozinho River (Braço Menor) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Monte Priaforà is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1659 metres.
 Markavatnet or Markvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county Norway. The 2.28-square-kilometre (0.88 sq mi) lake is located about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of the village of Reipå and the same distance north of the municipal centre of Ørnes. The lake Lysvatnet lies about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) to the east of Markavatnet.
 The Aiguille du Plat de la Selle 3596 m is a mountain in the Soreiller group of the Dauphiné Alps in south-eastern France. Ascents of the mountain are via Saint-Christophe-en-Oisans or the Soreiller hut.
 Meall Garbh is a mountain in the southern part of the Scottish Highlands. With Meall Greigh it forms the north-eastern end of the Ben Lawers range. Its craggy south face overlooks Lochan nan Cat.The summit is not easily seen from the A827 road from where the ascent is usually started. A path follows the Lawers Burn towards Lochan nan Cat. For a direct ascent of Meall Garbh the walker may simply climb Northeast from this path shortly after it passes some abandoned shielings.
 The Volgograd Reservoir (Russian: Волгоградское водохранилище) is a reservoir in Russia formed at the Volga River by the dam of the Volga Hydroelectric Station. It lies within the Volgograd Oblast and Saratov Oblast and named after the city of Volgograd. It was constructed during 1958-1961.Its area is 3117 km² volume is 315 km² length is 540 km maximal width is 17 km average depth is 10.1 m. It is the third largest reservoir in Russia (after Kuybyshev Reservoir and Rybinsk Reservoir).
 Tereke-yurén-tepui is one of the four main tepuis of the Los Testigos chain in Bolívar Venezuela. Looking west to east it is the third major peak of the massif and is connected to Murisipán-tepui and Kamarkawarai-tepui by a common basement (the westernmost peak Aparamán-tepui is relatively isolated by comparison). With a summit area of 0.63 km2 (0.24 sq mi) and an elevation of around 1900 metres (6200 ft) Tereke-yurén-tepui is both the smallest and lowest of the four peaks.
 The Langensee is a lake in the North German lakeland region of Holstein Switzerland.It lies on the River Schwentine between the lakes of Dieksee (upstream) and Behler See (downstream). It covers an area of 33 hectares (82 acres) is up to 8 metres deep and lies at a height of 22 m above sea level.
 The Yeocomico River is a 1.1-mile-long (1.8 km) tidal tributary of the southern portion of the Potomac River in Virginia's Northern Neck. The Yeocomico forms the boundary between Westmoreland and Northumberland counties.
 Dome Peak is a high massive glaciated mountain in the Glacier Peak Wilderness of Washington's North Cascades. The remote location of Dome Peak combined with its height make it a less common destination for Cascade Range mountaineers. Dome Peak is at the southern end of the Ptarmigan Traverse mountaineering route. It is located at the extreme southeast corner of Skagit County. The mountain was given its name by Albert H.
 Inya (Russian: Иня́) is a river in Kemerovo and Novosibirsk Oblasts of Russia. It is a right tributary of the Ob River.
 Hollybush Hill is situated in the range of Malvern Hills that runs approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-south along the Herefordshire-Worcestershire border. It lies to the east of Midsummer Hill. It has an elevation of 242 metres (794 ft).
 Puka Mawras (Quechua puka red hispanicized spelling Puca Mauras) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 4262 metres (13983 ft) high. It is situated in the Valley of the Volcanoes in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province on the border of the districts Andagua and Chilcaymarca.
 Sideling Hill (also Side Long Hill) is a long steep narrow mountain ridge in the Ridge-and-Valley (or Allegheny Mountains) physiographic province of the Appalachian Mountains located in Washington County in western Maryland and adjacent West Virginia and Pennsylvania USA. The highest point on the ridge is Fisher Point at 2310 feet (700 m) in Fulton County Pennsylvania.
 The Chauga River is a 31.3-mile-long (50.4 km) tributary of the Tugaloo River in Oconee County South Carolina.
 Owens Lake is a mostly dry lake in the Owens Valley on the eastern side of the Sierra Nevada in Inyo County California. It is located about 5 miles (8.0 km) south of Lone Pine California. Unlike most dry lakes in the Basin and Range Province that have been dry for thousands of years Owens held significant water until 1924. Much of the Owens River was diverted into the Los Angeles Aqueduct causing Owens Lake to desiccate.
 Hetch Hetchy is the name of a valley a reservoir and a water system in California in the United States. The glacial Hetch Hetchy Valley lies in the northwestern part of Yosemite National Park and is drained by the Tuolumne River. For thousands of years before the arrival of Europeans in the 1850s the valley was inhabited by Native Americans who practiced subsistence hunting-gathering.
 Georges River formerly known as Tucoerah River is an intermediate tide dominated drowned valley estuary located to the south and west of Sydney New South Wales Australia.The source of the Georges River is from the land surrounding the Dharawal Nature Reserve approximately 80 kilometres (50 mi) to the south-west of Sydney central business district near the town of Appin and travels for approximately 96 kilometres (60 mi) in a north and then easterly direction to its mouth at Botany Bay about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) from the Tasman Sea. 
 The Guandu River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Lake Clay on the north edge of Lake Placid Florida has a surface area of 353.33-acre (1429900 m2). Lake Clay is almost completely sourrounded by residences. Only a few small grassy undeveloped areas exist around the lake. Blue Lake (Florida) a small round lake is 610 feet (190 m) west of Lake Clay.Lake Clay has public access at two public boat ramps. One is on the east side of the lake at 1650 Lake Clay Drive and the other is on the west side at 1300 Lake Clay Drive.
 The Campista River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Heaton Park Reservoir is a granite sided reservoir in the North-West of England on the border between the City of Manchester and Bury and is owned by United Utilities and can be found within the grounds of Heaton Park. Heaton Park BT Tower lies on the banks of the reservoir which is close to Junction 18 of the M60 motorway.An aqueduct carrying water from Haweswater in the Lake District to Manchester terminates at Heaton Park Reservoir.
 Blefjell is a mountain area at the border between Buskerud and Telemark in Norway and encompasses parts of the five municipalities Rollag Flesberg Kongsberg Notodden and Tinn. The highest point is Bletoppen at 1342 meters above sea level. The area is a popular tourist destination being approximately 1 hour drive from Kongsberg.
 The Ipiranga Brook is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil historically known as the place where Dom Pedro I declared the independence of Brazil from the United Kingdom of Portugal Brazil and the Algarves. Its name derives from the Tupi words: Y which means water or river and Piranga which means red. It is also mentioned in the country's national anthem.
 Mount Tanigawa (谷川岳 Tanigawa-dake) is a 1977m mountain on the border of Gunma Prefecture and Niigata Prefecture in Japan.It is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan. To date since its initial exploration and route-finding in the early 1930s a total of 781 people have died on Tanigawa-dake. (Compare with the over 200 people who have died on Mt. Everest over a comparable period).
 The Izvorul Olanului River is a tributary of the Boia Mare River in Romania.
 Lake Jaala is a lake of Estonia.
 The Chiroaiu River is a tributary of the Cuejdiu River in Romania.
 The Gârdicioaia River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
 Glen Lochay (Scottish Gaelic: Gleann Lòchaidh) is in Perthshire Scotland through which the River Lochay runs eastward towards Loch Tay joining the River Dochart at Killin. Glen Lochay is about 20 miles long running from a point north of Crianlarich to Loch Tay. A road runs up the glen as far as Kenknock Farm (at grid reference NN465364) but there is no vehicular access beyond this point.
 The Santa Maria River (Portuguese Rio Santa Maria) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil. It joins the Ibicuí-Mirim River to form the Ibicuí River.
 Llan Ddu Fawr or Waen Claerddu is one of the highest summits in Ceredigion Wales at 594 metres (1949 ft). It is located about 10 miles south of Pumlumon. The surrounding land can be very boggy. There is a trig point at the summit but this is not the highest point.
 The Sitlika Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains bounded by the Fall River and Ogden Creek in northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Baie de la Seine or Baie de Seine (Bay of the Seine [River]) is a bay in northern France.
 Steinberg bei Wernesgrün is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Bergamo Alps (also: Bergamasque Alps; Italian: Prealpi Orobie) are a mountain range in the Italian Alps which forms part of the Central Eastern Alps. They are located in northern Lombardy and named after the city Bergamo south of the mountains.
 Cerro Colorado is a stratovolcano that lies in northern Chile about 7 km (4 mi) west of the border with Bolivia and approximately the same distance southwest of the Putana Volcano. Cerro Colorado is located immediately west of Cerro Curiquinca and northwest of volcán Escalante (El Apagado); all three mountains are considered to be part of the Sairecabur volcanic group.
 The Reservoir of Guarapiranga (Represa de Guarapiranga) is a reservoir in the southern area of the city of São Paulo in the State of São Paulo Brazil.
 The Barcău River or Bereteu River (Romanian or Berettyó in Hungarian) is a river which has its origin in Sălaj County Romania. It has a length of 134 kilometers and a watershed area of 2025 km². After crossing Bihor County Romania and Hajdú-Bihar and Békés County Hungary it flows into the Sebes-Körös (Romanian: Crișul Repede) near Szeghalom.The upper reach of the Barcău River upstream of the junction with the Răchita River is locally called Ștei River Berchesei River or Bărcașu River.
 The Butterberg near Bad Harzburg is a hill located northeast of the spa town in Goslar district in the German state of Lower Saxony. Its long crest which is protected as a nature reserve reaches a height of 308 m above NN.The Butterberg is part of the Harz - Brunswick Land - Eastphalia National Geopark.The name Butter is associated with buten (i.e. outside c.f. Buten and binnen). These are therefore hills lying outside or on the edge of given places.
 The Langtauferer Spitze is a mountain in the Weisskamm group of the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 The Krehberg (German pronunciation: [ˈkʁeːbɛɐ̯k]) is the designation of a 576-metre (1890 ft) high mountain in the Odenwald 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) west of Lindenfels. On the Krehberg there is a transmission tower for FM TV and directional radio services consisting of a lattice tower with a guyed mast on the top.
 The Whitefish River is a short river in Kenora District in northwestern Ontario Canada and is in the Hudson Bay and Nelson River drainage basins.
 La Singla (3714 m) (also spelled La Sengla) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It is the highest summit lying between the valleys of Bagnes (Valais) and Valpelline (Aosta Valley). On its northern side La Singla overlooks the Otemma Glacier.
 The White Tower is a 2732 metres (8963 ft) peak in British Columbia Canada. Its line parent is Fusilier Peak 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) away.It is part of the Tower of London Range of the Muskwa Ranges in the Canadian Rockies.The White Tower is named after the White Tower of the Tower of London.Other mountains in the area are also named after the Tower including North Bastion Mountain South Bastion Mountain and Tower Mountain which overlooks the south end of Wokkpash Lake.
 The Allier (Occitan: Alèir) is a river in central France and is the left tributary to the Loire River. Its source is in the Massif Central in the Lozère département east of Mende. It flows generally north. It joins the Loire River west of the city of Nevers.
 The Chișag River is a tributary of the Gârcin river in Romania.
 The Socavão River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 For other rivers with this name see Buffalo River (disambiguation).The Buffalo River drains a 447 square mile watershed emptying into the eastern end of Lake Erie at the City of Buffalo. The river has three tributaries: Cayuga Creek Buffalo Creek and Cazenovia Creek.
 The Pachet River is a tributary of the Şicoi River in Romania.
 Iso-Roine (also Iso Roinevesi) is medium-sized lake in the Kokemäenjoki main catchment area in the Tavastia Proper region in Finland. The lake is located in the area of the city of Hämeenlinna.
 Killer Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County Ontario Canada.The lake is about 0.9 kilometres (0.6 mi) long and 0.5 kilometres (0.3 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 328 metres (1076 ft) about 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of the community of Gunter and 13 kilometres (8 mi) northwest of the community of Cloyne.
 Pumaqucha (Quechua puma cougar puma qucha lake hispanicized spelling Pumacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Yauli Province Yauli District. It is situated at a height of about 4265 metres (13993 ft) about 5.144 km long and 0.95 km at its widest point. Pumaqucha lies north-west of the lake Wallaqucha (Huallacocha) and south-west of the town Yauli.
 The Central Ishikari Mountains (石狩中央山地 Ishikari Chūō Sanchi) or more commonly referred to simply as the Ishikari Mountains (石狩山地 Ishikari Sanchi) are a group of mountains in central Hokkaidō Japan.
 Laguna Lake is a natural intermittent lake 0.5 miles (1 km) wide and 2 miles (3 km) long straddling the Sonoma-Marin county line in northern California U.S.A.It was included in the Rancho Laguna de San Antonio Mexican land grant which was given to Bartolomé Bojorquez in 1845.
 The Pine Valley Mountains are a mountain range in the U.S. state of Utah spanning Washington County north of the city of St. George. The highest point in the range is Signal Peak at 10365 feet (3159 m). The mountains are part of Dixie National Forest and are bordered to the south by the Red Cliffs National Conservation Area.
 Hidden Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 683.Hidden Lake is northwest of Merriam Peak and located in the lower section of the Boulder Chain Lakes Basin.
 The Ablach is a right tributary of the Danube. It rises on the European Watershed which is only a hint in this area from the Mindersdorfer Aach in the municipality of Hohenfels in the Landkreis of Konstanz. It is about 36 kilometers long or when including the headwaters in the Hohenfels area 38 km.
 The Río Sabana is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Sant Roc also known as Sant Roc d'Amer Sant Roc de la Barroca and Grony is a mountain of the Catalan Transversal Range Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 591 metres above sea level. It is part of the range that separates the Llémena River and the Brugent river valleys and is located at the confluence of the Garrotxa (Sant Aniol de Finestres) el Gironès (Sant Martí de Llémena) and la Selva (Sant Julià del Llor i Bonmatí) comarques.
 Manzanita Peak is a mountain in the eastern part of Mitkof Island one of the islands in the Alexander Archipelago in Alaska. It is to the west of Favor Peak and northwest of Sam Peak.
 Kukaklek Lake is a lake in southern Alaska near the base of the Alaska Peninsula. Located in Katmai National Park and Preserve the lake is 46080 acres (18650 ha) in area and is the source for the Alagnak River a designated Wild River. Notable for its excellent sport fishing it is rated as one of the top wilderness destinations in Alaska. Wildlife in the area is typical of the Alaskan Peninsula with grizzly bears moose gray wolf and caribou frequently seen around the lake's shores.
 Lermontov is an impact crater on the planet Mercury 152 kilometers in diameter. It is located at 15.2°N 48.1°W southwest of the crater Proust and northeast of the crater Giotto. It has a circular rim and a flat crater floor. Lermontov is likely a mature crater but it remains a bright feature because of low opaque material on its floor. The crater is named after Mikhail Yuryevich Lermontov a 19th-century Russian poet.
 The Valea lui Marco River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 The Vâlcelul Lucăcilă River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 Rahue River (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈrawe]) is a river of Chile located in Los Lagos Region. It rises at the western end of the Rupanco Lake. In its middle course the river flows through the city of Osorno in a north-south direction. Rahue river empties into the Bueno River 40 km inland from the Pacific Ocean.
 The Dobrun River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Sekincau is a volcano with two calderas Belirang (2 km wide) and Balak (2.5 km wide) located in the south of Sumatra Indonesia. A 300 m wide of crater is found at the summit. Fumarole activities are found at the foot of calderas.
 The Buha River is a tributary of the Sterminos River in Romania.
 Akchim (Russian: Акчим) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 60 km. Area of drainage basin is 518 km². Flows into Veslyana River 190 km from its mouth.
 The Little Pokororo River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. Like its neighbour the Pokororo River it is a tributary of the Motueka River which it meets 15 kilometres southwest of Motueka.
 The river Narewka (Polish pronunciation: [naˈrɛfka]; Belarusian Нараўка) is a left-bank tributary of the Narew river in western Belarus and north-eastern Poland.
 The Col de Bretolet is a mountain pass in the Swiss Alps in the canton of Valais close to the border between Switzerland and the French department of Haute-Savoie. It lies above the village of Champéry at an altitude of 1923 m asl within a 567 ha nature reserve (IUCN management category IV) set aside for the protection and study of migratory birds. It contains a bird ringing station operated by the Sempach Bird Observatory (Swiss Ornithological Institute).
 The Schwarzberg (also known as Piz Nair) (2764 m) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Uri and Graubünden. It lies between the valleys of Unteralp (west) and Maighels (east).
 Lac de Michelbach is a lake in Michelbach Haut-Rhin France. The reservoir serves as water supply for the city of Strasbourg. Located at an elevation of 335 m (1099 ft) its surface area is 0.81 km2 (0.31 sq mi).
 The Vedeggio is a river of the Swiss Canton Ticino which rises on the slopes of Monte Camoghè (2200m) between Bellinzona and Lugano crosses the plain of Vedeggio (which takes its name from the river) and enters Lake Lugano at Agno.
 Mrzla gora is 2203 m high mountain in Kamnik Alps. Mrzla Gora rises over three vallies Logarska dolina Matkov kot and Belska Kočna. It is rarely visited because it is relativetly hard to ascend with a lot of exposed areas. On the northern and western side there is a border with Austria in the past till 1967 it was hard to access because of political problems. Even first entrepreneurs had problems climbing it.
 Benbaun (Irish: Binn Bhán) is a mountain in County Galway Ireland the highest of the Twelve Bens and the highest peak in Galway. As the highest point in Galway it is the 10th highest county peak in Ireland.
 The White Nile (Arabic: النيل الأبيض‎ an nīl al 'abyaḍ) is a river of Africa one of the two main tributaries of the Nile from Egypt the other being the Blue Nile. In the strict meaning White Nile refers to the river formed at Lake No at the confluence of the Bahr al Jabal and Bahr el Ghazal Rivers. In the wider sense the term White Nile refers to the approximately 3700 kilometres (2300 mi) of rivers draining from Lake Victoria into the White Nile proper.
 Kukkarahalli Lake also called Kukkarhalli Kere (Lake is ‘’kere’’ in local Kannada language) located in the heart of the Mysore city adjoins the Manasgangotri (University of Mysore) the Kalamandir (Rangyana) and the Central Food Technological Research Institute (CFTRI) campus (separated by the Hunsur Road). It provides lung-space to the city.
 The Salcea River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 The Talfer (Italian: Talvera) is a river located in South Tyrol Italy.
 The American Fork in Utah flows out of American Fork Canyon in the Wasatch Mountains about 35 miles southeast of Salt Lake City. The headwaters are located on Mount Timpanogos and the river continues down through American Fork Canyon. On the way it passes through the Uinta National Forest and Timpanogos Cave National Monument. Exiting the canyon the river runs through northern Utah County and empties into Utah Lake on the north shore.
 The Turnen is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Zwischenflüh in the Bernese Oberland. It lies in the range between the Simmental and the Diemtigtal.
 The Ursoiu River is a tributary of the Bașeu River in Romania.
 The Sânmartin River is a tributary of the Fișag River in Romania.
 The Grebănu River or Greabănu River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 Raven Crag is a fell in the English Lake District. It acts as a superb vantage point for and backdrop to views across Thirlmere reservoir.
 Ungilsan is a mountain near the city of Namyangju Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 610.2 m (2002 ft).
 The Kokatahi River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. A major tributary of the Hokitika River it flows northwest from its origins on the northern slopes of Mount Ambrose reaching the Hokitika River 12 kilometres from the latter's mouth at Hokitika. The two rivers between them share one of the West Coast's larger floodplains.
 Ullavanjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Perhonjoki main catchment area. It is located in the region of Central Ostrobothnia in Finland.
 Stump Pond (also known as Balch Pond) is a 571-acre (2.31 km2) water body located on the New Hampshire-Maine border in the towns of Wakefield New Hampshire and Acton and Newfield Maine. The water body is known as Stump Pond in New Hampshire and Balch Pond in Maine. Water flows from the eastern end of Balch Pond into the Little Ossipee River a tributary of the Saco River.
 The Soava River is a tributary of the Leaotu River in Romania.
 Sillerboån is stream in Ljusdal Municipality Hälsingland Gävleborgs län Sweden that is about 80 kilometers long.
 Cleomedes is a prominent lunar crater located in the northeast part of the visible Moon to the north of Mare Crisium. It is surrounded by rough ground with multiple crater impacts. The irregular crater Tralles intrudes into the northwest rim. To the east is Delmotte. North of Cleomedes is a triple-crater formation with Burckhardt occupying the center.The outer wall of Cleomedes is heavily worn and eroded especially along the southern part of the wall.
 The Elk City Reservoir is a reservoir located 7 miles (11 km) east of Elk City Kansas. The dam that forms the lake was constructed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. It has approximately 4500 acres (18 km²) of water and 12000 acres (49 km²) of wildlife and a total of over 50 miles (80 km) of shoreline. There are six hiking trails at the Elk City Reservoir two of which are notable for receiving a National Trails designation.
 The River Waring is a small river in Lincolnshire England and a tributary of the River Bain. The Waring rises in the parish of Belchford and runs through Belchford village passing between the villages of Fulletby West Ashby and Low Toynton before arriving at Horncastle where it divides Horncastle market place from the part of the town known as Cagthorpe. After the Horncastle floods of the 1960s the river channel was straightened and its banks built up through the town.
 The Cogotí River is a river of Chile.
 The Păltinoasa River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Păltinoasa Mare and Păltinoasa Mică
 Mowe Lake is a 24-acre (10 ha) lake that is located in northern Delta County Michigan in the Hiawatha National Forest. It is just south of the county line with Alger and Schoolcraft countries and about a half mile north of trail 2225 on trail 2692 (commonly referred to as Mowe Lake Road) passed the small ponds. There are primitive campsites and a small boat launch. Other nearby lakes include Hugaboom Lake Blue Lake Corner-Straits Chain of lakes Ironjaw Lake and Round Lake.
 The Bistra River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 The Slamgeesh Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains located between the Skeena River and Slamgeesh River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Manapire River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Glamorganshire Canal was a canal in south Wales UK running from Merthyr Tydfil to Cardiff. Construction started in 1790 and the 25 miles (40 km) of canal was fully opened by 1794. Its primary purpose was to enable the Merthyr iron industries to transport their goods and it later served the coal industry.
 The Towy River is a river of the north Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally east from its origins in the Amuri Range to reach the Charwell River 25 kilometres northeast of Waiau.
 The Casele River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania.
 The North Fork Clearwater River is a major tributary of the Clearwater River in the U.S. state of Idaho.From its headwaters in the Bitterroot Mountains of eastern Idaho it flows 135 miles (217 km) westward and is dammed by the Dworshak Dam just above its mouth in north-central Idaho.
 Udusan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. It sits between the counties of Yangpyeong and Yeoju. Udusan has an elevation of 473 m (1552 ft).
 Copper Creek (also called the Copper River natively called Chwuloq'e for chinook salmon) is a southern tributary of the Klamath River in the U.S. state of California. Arising in the Klamath Mountains the creek drains a narrow watershed of about 120 square miles (310 km2). Historically Copper Creek was the site of at least one Hupa Native American village then was extensively mined for gold in the 1850s.
 Siskiwit Lake is the largest lake on Isle Royale in Lake Superior. 4150 acres (16.8 km2) in area the lake has cold clear water which is relatively low in nutrients.[citation needed] Tributaries include the Little Siskiwit River and the lake's outlet is the Siskiwit River which flows into Lake Superior.Siskiwit Lake is available for fishing with restrictions (no motorized boats no natural bait). Lake Trout Brook Trout Rainbow Trout and Yellow Perch are found in the lake.
 Cerro del León is a stratovolcano located in El Loa Province Antofagasta Region Chile. Chao dacitic lava dome separates it from Cerro Paniri a stratovolcano and to its east lies Chillahuita another dacitic lava dome. Cerro Chao has a volume of about 26 cubic kilometres (6.2 cu mi) making it the Earth's largest lava dome of its kind.
 Vulcan is a pumice cone in Papua New Guinea. It is a sub-vent of the Rabaul caldera and lies on the western rim of the larger feature. Its most recent eruption was in 1994 when in conjunction with another vent Tavurvur the eruptions of Vulcan forced the temporary abandonment of the city of Rabaul and the relocation of the local administrative centres of East New Britain Province to a new capital Kokopo. Today the slopes of Vulcan are now forested as a result of dormancy since 1994.
 The Otiake River is a river in New Zealand a tributary of the Waitaki River.
 The Rotăria River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 The Stucklistock is a mountain in the Urner Alps overlooking the valley of Meiental in the canton of Uri. It lies only a few kilometres south-east of Susten Pass. The Stucklistock is surrounded by glaciers the largest named Rütifirn lying on its east flank.
 Constructed in 1964 Borumba Dam (Lake Borumba) is one of Queensland's most established lakes. Built across Yabba Creek (a tributary of the Mary River) about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) north of Imbil the lake has a surface area of 480 hectares at an average depth of 6.6 metres. This is utilised primarily for irrigation purposes and flood mitigation.Naturally occurring blue-green algae blooms sometimes mean Seqwater closes access to the dam's water for public safety purposes.
 Lake Adelaide is a 109-acre (0.44 km2) lake located in the northwest corner of Highlands County Florida. It is bounded on the north by Holiday Ranch RV Park which borders the Polk-Highlands County line on the east by Adelaide Shores RV Resort and on the west by the Avon Park Lakes residential subdivision. Lake Adelaide is two miles (3 km) north of the town of Avon Park Florida.Holiday Ranch RV Park and Adelaide Shores RV Resort are private developments with boat access to the lake.
 The Sanju or Sanju-la (5364 m or 17598 ft) is a mountain pass in the Kun Lun Mountains in Xinjiang China. It was the last on a series of difficult passes on the most common summer caravan route between Ladakh and the Tarim Basin.
 Lick Run is a 6.7-mile-long (10.8 km) urban stream in southern Allegheny County Pennsylvania a tributary of Peters Creek. The former Lick Run coal mine of the Pittsburgh Coal Company had its mouth near the stream along the B&O Railroad line.Several stone arch bridges cross the stream. One carries Brownsville Road over the stream near Broughton.
 The Iuta River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Malaspina Glacier in southeastern Alaska is the largest piedmont glacier in the world. Situated at the head of the Alaska Panhandle it is about 65 km (40 mi) wide and 45 km (28 mi) long with an area of some 3900 km2 (1500 sq mi). It is named in honor of Alessandro Malaspina an Italian explorer in the service of the Spanish Navy who visited the region in 1791. In 1874 W.H. Dall of what is now the U.S.
 Trout Pond located near Wardensville in Hardy County West Virginia USA is the state's only natural lake. The small lake is situate in the Trout Pond Recreation Area of the George Washington National Forest.Trout Pond was created by a sinkhole that filled with water from a series of mountain streams running off Long Mountain (3130 feet).
 Arwayqucha (Quechua qucha lake hispanicized spelling Arhuaycocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Santa Cruz District. It is situated at the foot of the mountains Pukahirka and Rinrihirka and the Arway glacier.
 Biharinath (Bengali: বিহারীনাথ) is the tallest hill of Bankura District in the Indian state of West Bengal. and one of the dense forest areas of the district. It is 451 metres (1480 ft) high. It is situated about 60 kilometres (37 mi) north-west of Bankura town and 14 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of Saltora town.
 Dreienberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Juruá-Mirim River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Aard el Borj is a mountain of southern Lebanon. It has an elevation of 671 metres.
 The Leșnic River ( Hungarian: Lesnyek-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Karetu River is a river of New Zealand's eastern South Island. It flows south from the slopes of Mount Karetu before its outflow into the Okuku River at the edge of the Canterbury Plains 40 kilometres northwest of Christchurch.
 Heidensee is a lake in Nordwestmecklenburg Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 37.8 m its surface area is 0.24 km².
 The Hinchiriș River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 Gardiners Bay is a small arm of the Atlantic Ocean approximately 10 mi (16 km) long and 8 mi (13 km) wide in the U.S. state of New York between the two flukelike peninsulas at the eastern end of Long Island. It is bounded on its eastern end where it connects to Block Island Sound by Gardiners Island and Promised Land.Adjoining harbors include Three Mile Harbor Clearwater beach Acabonack Harbor and Lazy Point's Napeague harbor.
 The Gravelly Range highest peak Black Butte el. 10542 feet (3213 m) is a mountain range southwest of Cameron Montana in Madison County Montana.About 310000 acres total are roadless separated by roads into nine units the largest of which is 66000 acres in size. Nearly all the range is part of the Beaverhead-Deerlodge National Forest.
 Mappershainer Kopf is a mountain peak in Hesse Germany part of the Taunus range.It rises to a height of 548 m making it the highest peak in the western part of the Taunus.
 The Baklahi River (Hindi: बकुलाही नदी Urdu: باکلاهی) originates from Bharatpur Lake of Rae Bareli district of Uttar Pradesh of India. Its banks are densely populated and form a fertile agricultural area.
 Lake Orel (Russian: Орель) is a large freshwater lake in Khabarovsk Krai Russia. It has an area of 314 km² and a maximum depth of 3.8 m. It is located near the left bank of the Amur River close from its mouth.
 The Onkaparinga River runs from its source between Mount Torrens and Charleston in the Mount Lofty Ranges and flows south westerly to an estuary at Port Noarlunga. The catchment is over 500 km² in area and is in part located in the Onkaparinga River National Park and the Onkaparinga River Recreation Park.The Onkaparinga River is the second major river of the Adelaide region after the River Torrens.
 The Râul Lung is a tributary of the Borod River in Romania
 The Dead River (Burntside River) is a river of Minnesota. The river flows through the north–central part of Morse Township in northern Saint Louis County.
 The Natchaug River is a 17.9-mile-long (28.8 km) river in Windham and Tolland Counties in northeastern Connecticut.
 The Istra is a river in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The river runs through the Isterdalen valley before emptying into the Rauma River in the Romsdalen valley. It empties into the Rauma River about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) south of the town of Åndalsnes. The 17-kilometre (11 mi) long river Istra has a basin area of 66 square kilometres (25 sq mi).
 Foldsjøen is a lake/reservoir in the municipalities of Surnadal and Rindal in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The lake is dammed and the water is used in the Trollheim power station. Slightly more elevated and directly to the south is the lake Gråsjøen which is also behind a hydro-power dam.
 The Pitulușul River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 La Pacana Caldera is the most important caldera of the La Pacana Complex in the Antofagasta Region of northern Chile east of the Salar de Atacama. The La Pacana Complex belongs to the Altiplano-Puna Volcanic Complex. The Chilean Bolivian and Argentinan borders meet to the northeast of the resurgent center (Cerro La Pacana) the Salar Aguas Calientes is on the southwest of the resurgent center. The size of the caldera depression is 70 km (43 mi) x 35 km (22 mi). A large (VEI 8) eruption c.
 Kachi Mayu (Quechua kachi salt mayu river salt river hispanicized spelling Cachi Mayu) is a Bolivian river east of Poopó Lake in the Oruro Department Challapata Province Challapata Municipality.
 Poponto Swamp is a swamp in Luzon Philippines located at the boundary of Tarlac and Pangasinan provinces. This 25-square kilometer swamp can be found at the confluence of the Agno and Tarlac rivers. It is near the town of Bayambang Pangasinan. It is also known as the Mangabol Marsh.
 Marcellina Mountain elevation 10845 ft (3306 m) is a summit in the Raggeds Wilderness of Gunnison National Forest in western Colorado.
 The Coșușna River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River downstream of Lake Izvorul Muntelui in Romania.
 The Kidepo River is a seasonal river along the Kidepo Valley in the Karamoja region of Uganda and in East Equatoria area of South Sudan.
 The Feisnecksee or Feisneck is a lake on the southeastern perimeter of the town of Waren in Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in the German state of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania. It lies at an elevation of 62.1 metres and its surface area is 1.94 km².The Feisnecksee is joined to the Binnenmüritz to the northwest by a very narrow shallow and unnavigable ditch. The road runs over a small bridge here that is only wide enough for large vehicles to pass in one direction at a time.
 Montagna dei Fiori (Italian for Mountain of Flowers) is a mountain group in the Abruzzo central Italy forming the Monti Gemelli massif together with the Montagna di Campli.
 The Prairie River is a small river that flows 54 miles (87 km) through Branch and St. Joseph counties in Michigan. The river rises at 41°48′20″N 85°00′54″W in northern Kinderhook Township in Branch County and flows west-northwest into the St. Joseph River at 41°54′45″N 85°38′21″W just south of the city of Three Rivers Michigan.
 Aliacensis is a lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon. The crater Werner is located just to the north-northwest and a narrow rugged valley lies between the two comparably sized formations. To the southwest is Walther and Apianus is to the northeast. The crater is named after 14th century French geographer and theologian Pierre d'Ailly.
 The Izvorul Mare River is a tributary of the Anieșul Mare River in Romania.
 Nipe-Sagua-Baracoa also knon as Macizo Nipe Sagua Baracoa (Nipe Sagua Baracoa Massif) is a mountain range of eastern Cuba located in the provinces of Holguín and Guantánamo.
 Elk Ridge is a mountain ridge of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Maryland. The ridge is located to the west of South Mountain and runs roughly parallel to it from Rohrersville in the north to the Potomac River across from Harpers Ferry West Virginia in the south. Across the Potomac the ridge continues as Blue Ridge Mountain in Virginia and West Virginia. The southern end of the ridge which is part of Harpers Ferry National Historical Park is known as Maryland Heights.
 Auranga River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Bhervi village. Its basin has a maximum length of 97 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 699 square kilometres (270 sq mi).
 The Brebu River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 Nine Mile Lake is a lake of Chester Municipal District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Loch Leven (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Liobhann) 'is a sea loch on the west coast of Scotland. It is spelled Loch Lyon in Timothy Pont's map of the area and is pronounced Li' un. The local Gaelic pronunciation is Lee' oonLoch Leven extends 8 3⁄4 miles (14.1 km) varying in width between 220 yards (200 m) and just over a 1 mile (1.6 km). It opens onto Camus a' Chois at North Ballachulish part of Loch Linnhe at its western end.
 The Valea Maraeților River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 The Miravalles Volcano is an andesitic stratovolcano in Costa Rica. The caldera was formed during several major explosive eruptions that produced voluminous dacitic-rhyolitic pyroclastic flows between about 1.5 and 0.6 million years ago. The only reported historical eruptive activity was a small steam explosion on the SW flank in 1946.
 The Săucani River is a tributary of the Drăgoteni River in Romania.
 High Raise is a fell in the English Lake District standing to the west of Haweswater Reservoir in the Far Eastern Fells. Note that another High Raise is the highpoint of the Central Fells.
 The Vanil d'Arpille (also known as Maischüpfenspitz) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located north of Im Fang in the canton of Fribourg.
 Mount Cautley is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide.Richard W. Cautley was a surveyor from Ipswich England. As part of the Alberta/British Columbia Boundary Commission his party was in charge or mapping precise boundaries in the usable mountain passes of the Canadian Rockies.
 Mount Sentinel originally known as Mount Woody is a small mountain located to the east of the University of Montana in Missoula Mont. At a height of 1958 feet and an elevation of 5158 feet (1572 m) Mount Sentinel also features the hillside letter M a large concrete structure 620 feet (189 m) up its western face.
 The South Jasper Ranges are mountain ranges of the Rocky Mountains in Alberta and British Columbia Canada.It is a part of the Central Main Ranges of the Canadian Rockies located on the Continental Divide in Jasper National Park (Alberta) and Mount Robson Provincial Park (British Columbia).
 {For the Maja e Zezë in the village of Desivojca in Kosovo see Desivojca.Maja e Zezë (Macedonian: Црн Врв Crn Vrv; Serbo-Croatian: Црни врх/Crni vrh) (meaning black peak) is a mountain in Kosovo and Macedonia. It is part of the Šar Mountains range and is 2585 m (8481 ft) high. To the east of the mountain is Peskovi (2651 m or 8698 ft) and to the west of it is Kobilica (2528 m or 8294 ft).References:sq:Maja e Zezë|For the Maja e Zezë in the village of Desivojca in Kosovo see Desivojca.Maja e Zezë (Macedonian: Црн Врв Crn Vrv; Serbo-Croatian: Црни врх/Crni vrh) (meaning black peak) is a mountain in Kosovo and Macedonia. It is part of the Šar Mountains range and is 2585 m (8481 ft) high. To the east of the mountain is Peskovi (2651 m or 8698 ft) and to the west of it is Kobilica (2528 m or 8294 ft).References:}
 Nautgardsoksli is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Potagannissing River is an 11.3-mile-long (18.2 km) river in Michigan located on Drummond Island in Lake Huron.
 The Rigidalstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the cantons of Nidwalden and Obwalden in Central Switzerland. It lies south of the Gross Walenstock.The closest locality is Engelberg on its southern side.
 Tunnel Mountain is a mountain located in the Bow River Valley of Banff National Park in Alberta Canada. The mountain is nearly completely encircled by the town of Banff and the Banff Springs Hotel grounds.
 The New York State Canal System (formerly known as the New York State Barge Canal) is a successor to the Erie Canal and other canals within New York.
 Jatun Kunturiri (Quechua jatun hatun big great Aymara kunturi condor -ri Aymara suffix hispanicized spelling Jatun Condoriri Jatún Condoriri) is a mountain in the Potosí mountain range of the Bolivian Andes about 5008 m (16430 ft) high. It is situated south east of Potosí in the Potosí Department José María Linares Province between the Sip'uruni River in the north and the Khunurana in the south north west of the lake Tala Qucha and the village Talaco.
 Christina Lake (54°40'N 111°00'W) is an elongated lake in northern Alberta Canada located east of Conklin between Lac La Biche and Fort McMurray near Highway 881. Christina Lake and the Christina River are named to honour Christine Gordon originally from Scotland who was the first white woman to live permanently in the Fort McMurray area.
 The Ştefanca River is a tributary of the Arieș River in Romania.
 The Fortore (Latin: Fertor or Frento) is a river which flows through the provinces of Benevento Campobasso and Foggia in southern Italy. It has a length of 110 km.The river rises from the slopes of Monte Altieri (888 m) on the Adriatic side of the Lucan Apennines collecting the waters of four small streams c. 4 km from San Bartolomeo in Galdo. From there it runs in a southerly direction through a narrow and twisting valley.
 Belyaev is a lunar crater that is attached to the outer edge of the Mare Moscoviense on the far side of the Moon. It is a worn formation with a small crater pair overlaying the southern rim and several smaller craters across the relatively irregular interior.
 The Boz River ( Hungarian: Boz-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Black River (from the Vietnamese name sông Đà from đà dark-brown) also known upstream as the Lixian River in China is a river located in China and northwestern Vietnam.
 The Valea Muntelui River or Sărata River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Izvorul Galațului River is a tributary of the Anieșul Mare River in Romania.
 The Valea Govăjdia River or Runcu River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Hülfensberg (called Stuffenberg in the Middle Ages) is a 448 m high heavily wooded mountain in the Geismar municipality in the Eichsfeld district Thuringia Germany.
 Charpentier River is a river in northern Quebec (Ungava Peninsula) Canada that flows from Lac Nedlouc for about 125 km (78 mi) northwest to Lake Minto. A rarely paddled river it flows through very beautiful wilderness tundra & taiga. It has several picturesque waterfalls namely Chutes de Burin and Chute Bleu. It is one of the main tributaries of the Leaf River.
 The Buhalnița River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 Lake Desire also called Echo Lake is an unimproved watershed 5 miles (8.0 km) southeast of Renton Washington in the United States. It is a small part of the Maple Heights-Lake Desire Washington area 45 minutes east of downtown Seattle. According to King County it has productive water quality a maximum depth of 21 feet (6.4 m) and a surface area of approximately 80 acres.
 The Lespezi River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb in Romania.
 The Wheatfield Fork Gualala River is a 35.1-mile-long (56.5 km) stream in the mountains of western Sonoma County California which empties into the South Fork Gualala River just east of Sea Ranch California.
 The East Two River is a 25.0-mile-long (40.2 km) tributary of the Saint Louis River in northern Minnesota United States. It rises at the outlet of Silver Lake in the city of Virginia and flows southwest joining the Saint Louis River in McDavitt Township just upstream of the outlet of the West Two River.
 Tarren y Gesail is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales. It is one of the Marilyns of the Cadair Idris group.Lying to the south of Cadair Idris it and its neighbour Tarrenhendre form the bulk of the Tarren subgroup. The Tarrens rise from the south shore of the Tal-y-llyn Lake and end at the Dyfi estuary.The summit is a grassy ridge which has a cairn and trig point.
 The Stăniște River is a tributary of the Prisăcina River in Romania.
 Bach an dem Margrund is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Schafreuter is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Buciumeni River is a tributary of the Ismar River in Romania.
 Denmark Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in western M'Clintock Channel off the eastern coast of Victoria Island. It is separated from Homan Bay by a peninsula with a narrow isthmus.
 The Baptism River is an 8.8-mile-long (14.2 km) river of the U.S. state of Minnesota. The High Falls of the Baptism River in Tettegouche State Park is the highest waterfall entirely within the state of Minnesota at 60 feet (18 m). The High Falls on the Pigeon River is higher but is on the border with Ontario.
 The Tannhorn is a mountain in the Emmental Alps lying west of the Brienzer Rothorn on the border between the Swiss cantons of Lucerne and Bern. On its southern side it overlooks Lake Brienz.The Tannhorn is the southernmost point in the canton of Lucerne.
 The Little Satilla Creek is a 39.3-mile-long (63.2 km) tributary of the Little Satilla River in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is part of the Satilla River watershed in southeastern Georgia.The creek rises in Appling County northwest of Surrency and flows southeast into Wayne County to a point 5 miles (8 km) west of Jesup where it turns to the southwest and continues to its junction with Big Satilla Creek southwest of Screven where the two creeks form the Little Satilla River.
 The Secătura River or Şinteu River or Santeu River is a tributary of the Valea Morii River in Romania.
 The Do Sono River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Schwarzach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Laguna Verde (Spanish for green lake) is a salt lake in the southwest of the altiplano of Bolivia. It is located in the Potosí Department Sur Lípez Province on the Chilean border at the foot of the volcano Licancabur. Visitors may find some flamingoes dancing in the salt.
 Reinoksvatnet (Lule Sami: Hierggejávrre) is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of the village of Mørsvikbotn and less than 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of the border with Sweden.
 The Ciripa River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 Meenuliyan Para (or Meenuli) is a scenic mountain peak situated near Thodupuzha in Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala. 'Para' in Malayalam language means a rock. Meenuliyan para is noted for a huge rock that rises more than 4000 feet and has about two acres of evergreen forest on top of it. The rock itself covers an area more than 500 acres. The surface of this huge rock mountain looks like fish scales and hence the mountain gets the name ‘ Meenuliyan Para’.
 The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Dart River Te Awa Wakatipu in Māori language flows through rugged forested country in the southwestern South Island of New Zealand. Partly in Mount Aspiring National Park it flows south-west and then south for 60 kilometres (37 mi) from its headwaters in the Southern Alps and the Dart Glacier eventually flowing into the northern end of Lake Wakatipu near Glenorchy.
 Mussorgskij is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 125 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Mussorgskij is named for the Russian composer Modest Mussorgsky who lived from 1839 to 1881.
 Mullutu-Suurlaht (also Mullutu Suurlaht) is the fourth largest lake in Estonia. It's located on the island of Saaremaa about 2 km west of the town of Kuressaare. It has an area of 1440 ha (3600 acres) and the max. depth is 2.1 metres (6.9 ft).
 Buffalo Creek is a tributary of the Guyandotte River 18.8 miles (30.3 km) long in southern West Virginia in the United States. Via the Guyandotte and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 45 square miles (120 km2) in the Logan Coalfield. The creek was the site of the Buffalo Creek Flood in 1972.Buffalo Creek's entire course and drainage area are in eastern Logan County.
 Krstac (Serbian Cyrillic: Крстац) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Guča. Its highest peak Đava has an elevation of 699 meters above sea level.
 The Pârâul Sărat is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 Booragoon Lake is a lake in suburban Perth Western Australia.The lake is situated in the suburb of Booragoon and is bounded by Leach Highway Lang Street and Aldridge Road. It makes up part of the eastern Wetland of the Beeliar Regional Park along with Blue Gum Lake and North Lake. The reserve that the lake is part of has a total area of 23161 square metres (6 acres).
 The Mânzatul Mare River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 Mount Terror is a mountain of the Cascade Range located in the northwestern corner of Washington state in Whatcom County. The peak is in North Cascades National Park about 15.7 miles (25.3 km) south of the Canadian border.
 The Gabilan Range or Gabilan Mountains are located on the Pacific Coast Range of California's Central Coast trending in a northwest-southeast direction along the Monterey County and San Benito County line. It is bordered by the Diablo Range the San Andreas Fault and State Route 25 to the east and by the Santa Lucia Range Salinas Valley and U.S. Route 101 to the west.
 Jaminauá River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 The Cotu Ursului River is a tributary of the Sterminos River in Romania.
 Mount Dendi is a volcano located near the city of Addis Abeba in Ethiopia.It has a 8 km wide caldera its highest point is Mount Bodi it has a lake which is called after its same name.
 Alturas Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Valley in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 21 miles (34 km) south of Stanley and 30 miles (48 km) northwest of Ketchum.
 Lago Olivo (Italian for olive tree lake ) is a lake in the Province of Enna Sicily Italy.
 The Valea Sărată River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Tatsuushi (立牛川 Tatsuushi-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Rudărița River is a tributary of the Poarta River in Romania.
 The Río de la Plata (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈri.o ðe la ˈplata] River of Silver) — usually rendered River Plate in British English and the Commonwealth and occasionally rendered [La] Plata River in other English-speaking countries — is the estuary formed by the confluence of the Uruguay River and the Paraná River on the border between Argentina and Uruguay.
 Mount Osborn is the highest point in the Kigluaik Mountains and also on the Seward Peninsula. It is approximately 4714 feet high and is located on the north end of the range. Despite being almost one thousand feet taller Osborn's fame is matched by Mount Bendeleben (located east of the Kigluaiks) because Bendeleben is much taller than any of the peaks in its territory.
 The Whenuakura River is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south from its origins northeast of Lake Rotorangi and reaches the coast five kilometres southeast of Patea.
 Mount Ena (恵那山 Ena-san) is a mountain located on the border between Nakatsugawa Gifu Prefecture and Achi Nagano Prefecture in the Chūbu region of Japan. It is 2191 m (7188 ft) tall. It is considered part of the Kiso Mountains and is included on the list of 100 Famous Japanese Mountains.
 The Piripucu River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Two streams named Little River flow to the North River a tributary of the South Fork Shenandoah River in the U.S. state of Virginia. Both rivers flow within the George Washington National Forest.One rises on Shenandoah Mountain at the West Virginia-Virginia border and flows 2.5 miles (4.0 km) east to the North River.
 South Teton (12514 feet (3814 m)) is the fifth highest peak in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming. The peak is south of Middle Teton and just west of Cloudveil Dome and is part of the Cathedral Group of high Teton peaks. The 40 miles (64 km) long Teton Range is the youngest mountain chain in the Rocky Mountains and began their uplift 9 million years ago during the Miocene.
 Baldwin Lake is a 2018-acre (817 ha) reservoir which spans part of the border between Randolph County Illinois and St. Clair County Illinois.The lake is part of the Kaskaskia River State Fish and Wildlife Area near 38°13′03″N 089°52′09″W Elevation: 430 feet (130 m)operated by the Illinois Department of Natural Resources and it is adjacent to but not part of the Kaskaskia River. Its elevation may fluctuate with powerplant operations but averages 423 feet (129 m) above sea level.
 The Sormitz is a subsidiary stream of the Loquitz in Thuringia Germany and is 29.2 km in length.Its origin is in the town park of Wurzbach where Langwasser (Sormitz) and Oßlabach confluence.It enters the Loquitz in Hockeroda which is in turn a tributary of the Saale.
 Polapare River is a river of Sumba Indonesia.
 Esnagi Lake is a large V-shaped lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District Ontario Canada. It is about 45 kilometres (28 mi) long and 5.0 kilometres (3.1 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 344 metres (1129 ft) with the V on its side and the apex facing west. The primary inflows are the Magpie River from Mosambik Lake at the north end of the lake Tripoli Creek on the west side and other unnamed creeks.
 Walkershöfer Weihergraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Seneca is a lunar crater that is located towards the east-northeastern limb less than one crater diameter to the north of Plutarch. To the northwest is the crater Hahn and due north lies the large walled plain Gauss.This crater has been heavily eroded by impacts with an outer rim that has been distorted and overlain by several small craters. It appears roughly diamond-shaped as viewed from above although it is heavily foreshortened when seen from the Earth.
 The Pârâul Calului is a tributary of the Pietrosu River in Romania.
 Jatapu River is a medium-size left tributary of the Amazon River in central eastern portion of state of Amazonas in north-western Brazil.
 Pelentong River (Malay: Sungai Pelentong; Sungei Plintong and Sungei Plentong) is a river in Johor state Malaysia.
 Lake Ogoki is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Taoshan (Chinese: 桃山; pinyin: Tao Shān)Tao Mountain is 3325 metres (10909 ft) high mountain located in the north of the Wuling Farm and is one of Snow Mountains group. The mountain is ranked no No. 44 in Taiwan hicking declination scale; Borders with Ridge Chienshih Township Hsinchu County Taichung City Heping District Marked with Peakpoint label no. 6327. In Atayal language (local tribe) the mountain is known as Babo Kaba meaning fist Hill.
 The Roșcova River is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania.
 Mayu Myu is a river in Rakhine State in Burma. It is named after Mayu Mountain. It is formerly called as Manlayuwaddy. It is the 3rd most used river in Rakhine. It is 96 miles (154 kilometers) long and ended into Bay of Bengal near the Sittwe. It passes through Buthidaung Rathedaung and Sittwe Township.
 The Sinaloa River is a river of Mexico.
 Baltisk Crater is a crater in the Argyre quadrangle of Mars. It is located at 42.7° South and 54.7° West is 52 km in diameter and was named after a town in Russia.
 Perry Lake is a US Army Corps of Engineers operated reservoir in northeast Kansas. Its primary purposes are flood control water reserve for nearby areas and regional recreation. The lake is approximately 11150 acres (45 km²) in size with over 160 miles of shoreline. Perry Lake's full multi-purpose pool elevation is 891.5 feet above sea level. Perry Lake is located about 40 miles west of Kansas City just northwest of Lawrence Kansas.
 Luxhay Reservoir is an artificial reservoir near Angersleigh Somerset England. It is now owned by Wessex Water.It was built in 1905 by the town corporation to provide drinking water for Taunton.The reservoir is fed by other local water sources including Otterhead Lakes and Blagdon reservoir.From 1969 leakage was detected in the retaining dam.
 Väinjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The Piltyna is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 5.2 kilometres and has a basin area of 9.6 km².
 Berliner See is a lake in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 7.5 m its surface area is 0.062 km².
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
 Rhaeticus is a lunar crater that lies astride the equator of the Moon on the southeast edge of the Sinus Medii. To the north-northwest is the crater Triesnecker and due south can be found the worn remnant of the walled plain Hipparchus. The crater was named for Georg Joachim von Lauchen also known as Rheticus.The outer wall of Rhaeticus is heavily disintegrated with rifts and notches in the northeast.
 The Pecos River is a river that flows through New Mexico and Texas emptying into the Rio Grande. The headwaters of the Pecos River are located north of Pecos New Mexico United States at an elevation of over 12000 feet on the western slope of the Sangre de Cristo mountain range in Mora County. The river flows for 926 miles (1490 km) through the eastern portion of that state and neighboring Texas before it empties into the Rio Grande near Del Rio.
 Gotchen Glacier is located on the south slopes of Mount Adams a stratovolcano in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier descends from approximately 8200 ft (2500 m) to a terminus near 7400 ft (2300 m) below which an old terminal moraine and proglacial lake exist. Gotchen Glacier has been in a general state of retreat for over 100 years and lost 78 percent of its surface area between 1904 and 2006.
 The Nimpkish River is a river on north Vancouver Island in British Columbia Canada. It is the longest river on the island rising on the west slope of Mount Alston and flowing through Nimpkish Lake into the Broughton Strait at a point 8 km east of Port McNeill just southwest of Cormorant Island.
 The Ursoaia Mare River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Big Sandy Mountain (12416 feet (3784 m)) is located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Big Sandy Mountain sits along the Continental Divide less than 1 mi (1.6 km) southeast of Dog Tooth Peak.
 The Gailtaler Polinik (also known as the Angerkofel) is a mountain 2332 m AA in the Carnic Alps in the Austrian state of Carinthia.It lies south of the market municipality of Kötschach-Mauthen and northeast of the Plöcken Pass. The easiest and shortest climb runs from the Plöckenhaus via the Spielbodenalm and Spielbodentörl to the summit of the Polinik. Its free-standing situation offers a very impressive panoramic view of the upper Gail valley and the Gailtal Alps.
 Rouchel Brook a perennial stream of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Hunter region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Contendas River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Mithi River (aka Mahim River) is a river in Salsette Island the island of the city of Mumbai. It is a confluence of tail water discharges of Powai and Vihar lakes. The river is seasonal and rises during the monsoons. The overflowing lakes also contribute to the river flow which is stopped by a dam in other times. During this season the river is a favourite with the anglers who catch large fish that have escaped from the lakes. Fishing is banned there.[citation needed]
 Kisdon also called Kisdon Hill is a fell situated in upper Swaledale in the Yorkshire Dales National Park in North Yorkshire England.
 The Hominy Hills are a range of low gravel-capped hills and upland areas located along the boundary of Colts Neck Howell and Wall Townships in Monmouth County New Jersey and extending east into the Borough of Tinton Falls formerly part of Shrewsbury Township. The hills attain heights of over 300 feet (91.44 meters) in elevation attaining a maximum elevation of 307 feet (93.57 meters) at Throckmorton Hill which is the highest point in Howell Township.
 The Mobile River is located in southern Alabama in the United States. Formed out of the confluence of the Tombigbee and Alabama rivers the approximately 45-mile-long (72 km) river drains an area of 44000 square miles (110000 km2) of Alabama with a watershed extending into Mississippi Georgia and Tennessee. Its drainage basin is the fourth-largest of primary stream drainage basins entirely in the United States.
 The Izvor River or Lucuț River is a tributary of the Valea Morii River in Romania. Some maps consider that the Izvor River is the main stream and that the Valea Morii is one of its tributaries.
 Schloßsee is a lake in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of -0.5 m its surface area is 0.1 km².
 Lago Yusala is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 170 m its surface area is 13.67 km².
 The Płonia (German: Plöne) is a river in West Pomeranian Voivodeship Poland a right tributary of the Oder river with a length of 74.3 km and a basin area of 1101 km². Its source is 1.5 south of Barlinek. The river flows northwest through Miedwie and Płoń lake. The Płonia flows into Dąbie Lake in Dąbie Szczecin.The upper portion of Płonia is comparatively unpolluted therefore trout can be found there.
 Rosseland is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies less than one crater diameter to the northeast of Carver and about the same distance to the west of the larger Roche. To the northwest lies the smaller Coblentz.This formation overlies the southern rim of the larger satellite crater Rosseland V. The rim of Rosseland is worn and uneven. The interior floor is relatively level and has some patches of lower-albedo material along the edges of the inner wall.
 The Gasper River is a 38.6-mile-long (62.1 km) river in southwestern Kentucky USA. It flows northeasterly into the Barren River. It is a rural river; the only town near it is Hadley in Warren County. It begins in northeast Logan County and the river also flows through Warren and Logan counties. Tributaries include Belcher Salt Lick Brush Clear Fork Westbrook and Rock House creeks.It is about 40 to 60 feet (12 to 18 m) wide and has a few small rapids.
 Monte Triomen is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Râul Feții is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 Munt Pers is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps overlooking the Morteratsch Glacier in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Diavolezza from where a trail leads to its summit.
 Mount Sis (Turkish: Sis Dağı) is a mountain in Görele Giresun Province Turkey. Its elevation is 2182 m (7159 ft). Mount Sis Festival (Turkish: Sis Dağı Şenlikleri) attracts hundreds of people from Giresun and Trabzon to visit Mount Sis. During the festival traditional costumes are worn by visitors. The first Mount Sis Festival is thought to be held in 1830s. Mount Sis has also a plateau which is called Sis Dağı Yaylası in Turkey.
 Weißer Main is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Gose is a small river a left tributary of the Oker in Lower Saxony Germany. It flows through the historic town centre of Goslar where its waters were once used in the brewing of the traditional Gose beer – although within Goslar itself the river is today known as the Abzucht (meaning conduit or drain). The Gose flows into the Oker about 3 km east of Goslar town centre.
 Opongsan is a mountain of North Korea. It has an elevation of 1289 metres.
 The Valea Codrului River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 The Satsop River is a stream in the U.S. state of Washington. It has three main tributary forks the East Fork West Fork and Middle Fork Satsop Rivers. The main stem Satsop River is formed by the confluence of the West and East Forks. The Middle Fork is a tributary of the East Fork. The three forks are much longer than the main stem Satsop itself which flows south from the confluence only a few miles to join the Chehalis River near Satsop Washington.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Mount Tripyramid is multi-summited mountain ridge in the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve. The main ridge extends along a southwest-northeast line with West Pyramid Peak (11699 feet (3566 m)) Central Pyramid Peak (11247 feet (3428 m)) and East Pyramid Peak (11161 feet (3402 m)). Mount Brooks ends the ridge to the north and Mount Silverthrone is to the south. The ridge is bounded by Traleika Glacier to the west and Brooks Glacier to the east.
 Cedar Lake is a lake in the geographic townships of Boyd Deacon and Lister in the Unorganized south part of Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario Canada. The lake is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin and is entirely within Algonquin Provincial Park; it is a popular entry point for canoe trips into the interior of the park as the community of Brent located on the lake is connected by Brent Road to Ontario Highway 17.
 Mount Langya (Chinese: 琅琊山; ) is a mountain located south west of Chuzhou City Anhui Province People's Republic of China. A National Forest Park National Scenic Area and 4A Tourism Attraction the mountain is one of Anhui's five biggest scenic attractions. Along with mountain scenery rivers and forest the area also contains the Zuiweng Pavilion named after the Northern Song Dynasty poet Ouyang Xiu (1007–1072 CE)).
 Kirenga River (Russian: Киренга) is a river in Irkutsk Oblast in Russia a right tributary of the Lena which flows north between the upper Lena and Lake Baikal. The length of the river is 746 km. The area of its basin is 46600 km². The Kirenga River freezes up in the late October - early November and stays under the ice until the late April - May. Its main tributaries are the Ulkan Minya and Khanda.
 Zlot Caves (Serbian: Злотске пећине Zlotske pećine) is the collective term for two caves Lazar's Cave and Vernjikica located in the town of Zlot in the Bor municipality in eastern Serbia.
 The Gârcu Mic River is a headwater of the Gârcu River in Romania.
 Grindavik Crater is a crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 25.39° North and 39.07° West. It is 12 km in diameter and was named after a town in Iceland.
 The Coves dels Hams (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈkɔvəz ðəɫz ˈams] Spanish: Cuevas dels Hams English: Fishhook Caves) are a Solutional cave system on the east coast of the Spanish Balearic Island of Mallorca.
 The Vils is a river in Bavaria Germany right tributary of the Danube. It is formed by the confluence of its two source rivers the Kleine Vils and the Große Vils in Gerzen. It is 68.62 km long (104 km including Große Vils). It flows east through a rural area with small towns including Aham Frontenhausen Marklkofen Reisbach Eichendorf and Aldersbach. It flows into the Danube in Vilshofen.
 The Zârna River is a headwater of the Râul Doamnei in Romania.
 The Mogalakwena River (Afrikaans: Magalakwenarivier) is one of the main watercourses in Limpopo Province South Africa. It is also a major tributary of the Limpopo River.
 The Ciervo Hills are a mountain range in the inner California Coast Ranges in Fresno County California.
 Kississing Lake is a lake in western Manitoba Canada approximately 30 kilometres northeast of Flin Flon. The Kississing River drains it northeast into Flatrock Lake on the Churchill River. The 1705 yard Kississing Portage connected the Churchill with the Burntwood River.
 Buffalo Creek is an 11.2-mile-long (18.0 km) tributary of the Des Plaines River. It begins in Lake Zurich Illinois and flows mainly south-eastward through Kildeer Long Grove Buffalo Grove and Wheeling. In Wheeling it is named Wheeling Drainage Ditch. It joins the Des Plaines River next to Chicago Executive Airport.
 The Șișești River is a tributary of the Chechișel River in Romania.
 Gjersjøen is a lake in the municipalities Oppegård and Ås in Akershus county Norway. It has a surface area of 2.6 km² and is 40 m above sea level. The lake drains through Gjersjøelva to Bunnefjorden.
 The Seymour Range is a low and small mountain range comprising the mountains/hills between the valley of Cowichan Lake and that of the San Juan River on southern Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 888 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Mount Ishbel is a mountain peak in Alberta Canada.The peak is located in the Sawback Range in Alberta's Rockies north of the Bow Valley Parkway and east of Johnston Canyon.It was named in 1956 after Ishbel MacDonald was the eldest daughter of Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald of Great Britain. It gives the name to the Ishbel Group a stratigraphical unit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
 Kanjli Wetland a man made Wetland which subsumes the Kanjli Lake located in the Kapurthala district of Punjab state in India was created in 1870 by constructing the headworks across the perennial Bien River a tributary of the Beas River to provide irrigation facilities to the hinterland.
 The Makikihi River is a river of the South Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows east from its headwaters in the Hunters Hills 30 kilometres southwest of Timaru and passes through the small township of Makikihi before reaching the Pacific Ocean.
 Lower Kananaskis Lake is a natural lake that was turned into a reservoir in Kananaskis Country in Alberta Canada.
 The Nottingham Canal was a 23.6 kilometres (14.7 mi) long canal between Langley Mill in Derbyshire and Nottingham England. It opened in 1796 and most of it was closed in 1937. The southern section is now part of the River Trent Navigation and the northern section is a Local Nature Reserve.
 The Trapicheiros River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Tetiș River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 The Braakberg is a 645.5 metre high mountain in the Harz in central Germany that lies in the unincorporated area of Harz in the district of Osterode am Harz in the state of Lower Saxony.
 The Euschelspass (1567 m) is a high mountain pass of the Swiss Alps connecting Schwarzsee with Jaun in the canton of Fribourg. The pass lies on the watershed between the Jogne and the Sense and is located between the Chörblispitz and the Schafberg.The pass is traversed by a trail.
 The Ier River (Hungarian: Ér) is a tributary of the Mureş River. It originates near the village of Ghioroc at flows westwards crossing the border into Hungary near the village of Turnu. The river is entirely channelized and is integrated into the drainage system of the area.
 For the mountain in Australia see Three Brothers New South Wales. For the islands see South Brother Island (disambiguation).South Brother is a mountain located in Piscataquis County Maine in Baxter State Park. South Brother is flanked to the southwest by Mount Coe and to the northeast by North Brother; collectively the two are called The Brothers.South Brother stands within the watershed of the Penobscot River which drains into Penobscot Bay.
 The Brielse Meer (Lake Den Briel) is a long narrow lake between the Dutch estuary islands of Voorne and Rozenburg in the province of South Holland.The lake takes its name from Den Briel a town on its shore. It was formerly a Meuse branch known as Brielse Maas (Den Briel Meuse) which ran from the Botlek strait near Rotterdam into the North Sea.
 The Cutler River is a stream located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. Approximately 1.8 miles (2.9 km) in length it is a tributary of the Ellis River – a part of the Saco River watershed flowing to the Atlantic Ocean in Maine.The river rises as two branches on the eastern slopes of Mount Washington the highest peak in the northeastern United States. The western branch identified as the main stem by some sources begins in Tuckerman Ravine.
 Pukaqucha (Quechua puca red qucha lake red lake hispanicized spelling Pucaccocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Lucanas Province Puquio District. It is situated at a height of about 4406 metres (14455 ft). Pukaqucha lies southeast of the lakes Yawriwiri Urqunqucha Sawaqucha and Apiñaqucha south of the lake Islaqucha and west of the lake Tipiqucha.
 The Fălcoaia River is a tributary of the Cătuşa River in Romania.
 Lake Mountain is a cross-country ski resort in Victoria 120 km from Melbourne. It is the most popular ski resort in Australia in visitor numbers due to its proximity to the populous city of Melbourne mainly from casual visitors. Lake Mountain Alpine Resort is an Unincorporated area of Victoria surrounded by the Shire of Murrindindi.There is no lake at Lake Mountain the area was named after George Lake who was the Surveyor-General of the area including the mountain.
 Nieplitz is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Fil de Dragiva is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located between Rossa and Soazza in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
 The Mahoosuc Range a northern extension of the White Mountains straddles the border between New Hampshire and Maine. The range's highest peak 4180-foot Old Speck Mountain is the fourth-highest peak in Maine. Substantial parts of the range are publicly owned as parts of the National Park Service Appalachian Trail corridor and Grafton Notch State Park in Maine.The Appalachian Trail traverses the main ridge of the Mahoosucs between Shelburne New Hampshire and Grafton Notch in Maine.
 The Feernic River or Râul Alb (or Pârâul Alb on the upper course) is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 Mara Mountain in northern Greenland is the closest known mountain to the North Pole. Located in the Roosevelt Mountain Range in Peary Land it is approximately 446.17 miles (718.04 km) away from the North Pole. Named after Mara Boland a horse trainer mountaineer and photographer from Santa Ynez the mountain was first ascended during the American Top of The World Expedition of 1998 and was visited again in the 2003 Expedition led by Dennis Schmitt.
 The Coltităt River is a tributary of the Rovina River in Romania.
 Gießgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Ochtinská Aragonite Cave (Slovak: Ochtinská aragonitová jaskyňa Hungarian: Martonházi-aragonitbarlang[citation needed]) is a unique aragonite cave situated in southern Slovakia near Rožňava. Although only 300 m long it is famous for its rare aragonite filling.
 Meton is a compound formation on the Moon that consists of several merged crater rings that have been flooded with lava forming the remnant of a walled plain in the shape of a clover leaf. It is located near the northern lunar lumb and is viewed from a low angle and foreshortened. The crater Barrow is attached to the southwest rim. To the northwest is the crater Scoresby and to the east are Baillaud and Euctemon.
 Cortez Lake is located in Cortez Park in northwest Phoenix at the northeast corner of 35th Avenue and Dunlap Avenue.
 Grotta Gigante (Giant Cave Slovene: Briška jama or Jama pri Briščikih) also known as Riesengrotte or as Grotta di Brisciachi is a giant cave on the Italian side of the Trieste Karst (Carso) close to the village of Borgo Grotta Gigante or Briščiki in the municipality of Sgonico. Its central cavern is 107 m (351 ft) high 65 m (213 ft) wide and 130 m (430 ft) long putting it in the 1995 Guinness Book of Records as the world's largest tourist cave.
 Onondaga Lake is a lake in Central New York located northwest of Syracuse New York. The southeastern end of the lake and the southwestern shore abut industrial areas and expressways; the northeastern shore and northwestern end border a series of parks and museums.Although it is near the Finger Lakes region it is not traditionally counted as one of the Finger Lakes. Onondaga Lake is a dimictic lake meaning that the lake water completely mixes from top to bottom twice a year.
 Svånåtindene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Graigăru River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
 The Matos River is a river of Bolivia.
 Store Måsvann or Store Måsvannet (Northern Sami: Stuorra Sopmir) is a lake in Lebesby Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 14.89-square-kilometre (5.75 sq mi) lake lies about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) southeast of the Laksefjorden about half-way between Kunes and Ifjord.
 Golovnin Bay is a waterway in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is a part of Norton Sound. It is named in honor of Vasily Golovnin. Fish River empties into the bay. Situated on the Seward Peninsula it is the only protected waterway south of Port Clarence.
 Puig Major (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈpudʒ məˈʒo]) is the highest peak on the Spanish island of Majorca. It is situated in the Serra de Tramuntana. As this is a military zone the neighbouring peak at Puig de Massanella is considered the highest accessible peak (1364m).
 Mindungsan is a mountain in the county of Jeongseon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1118.8 m (3671 ft).
 The Westfield River is a major tributary of the Connecticut River located in Metropolitan Springfield Massachusetts. With four major tributary branches that confluence in the City of Westfield it flows 78.1 miles (125.7 km) before its confluence with the 410 miles (660 km) Connecticut River at Agawam across from the City of Springfield's Metro Center district and beside Six Flags New England.
 Lake Tuusula (Finnish: Tuusulanjärvi Swedish: Tusby träsk) is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Tuusula and Järvenpää in Southern Finland. The lake has an area of 6.0 square kilometres. Since the beginning of the twentieth century the shores of Lake Tuusula has been an artist's colony.
 Chandos Lake is a lake in North Kawartha Ontario Canada.The lake is in the shape of a reversed L with three main bays: West Bay connected to the main body of the lake by a long Narrows; South Bay extending southwest and separated by a curved peninsula; and Gilmour's Bay a smaller two-lobed bay on the southern tip of the lake connected by Gilmour's Bay Narrows.Chandos Lake is in the Atlantic watershed; fed by springs it drains from its north end into Flat Creek which flows into Paudash Lake thence to the Crowe River the Trent River and Lake Ontario. 
 Mt. Jitchu Drake is a mountain in the Himalayas and a companion peak to Mount Jomolhari. Its height is given variously as 6714m 6789m 6797m 6970m or 6989m by various sources. Jitchu Drake has a double summit with the smaller summit to the south.
 Belmont Cave is a white limestone dry cave in the Cockpit Country of Jamaica. It is also known as Drip Cave being a single cave with two close entrances.
 Uet era Ongael (Ongael Lake) is a marine lake located on Ongael island Koror in Palau. There are about 70 other marine lakes located throughout the Rock Islands and Koror. Uet era Ongael is notable for endemic subspecies of golden jellyfish and is one of five marine lakes in Palau used for several scientific researches in evolutionary biology the other lakes being Jellyfish Lake Clear Lake Uet era Ngermeuangel and Goby Lake.
 Lößnitzbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Böse Sieben is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Dungeness River is a 28-mile (45 km) long river located in the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises near Mount Constance in the Olympic Mountains within the Olympic National Park flows through the Buckhorn Wilderness passes by the town of Sequim and empties into the Strait of Juan de Fuca at Dungeness Bay behind the Dungeness Spit. One of its main tributaries is the Gray Wolf River.The river was named for Dungeness Spit.
 Hasel (Orb) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Nipishish Lake is a lake in central Labrador Canada.
 The Galtee Mountains or Galty Mountains (Irish: Na Gaibhlte or Sléibhte na gCoillte) are a mountain range in Munster located in Ireland's Golden Vale across parts of counties Limerick and South Tipperary. The name Galtee is thought to be a corruption of the Irish Sléibhte na gCoillte - Mountains of the Forests in English however this Irish name has fallen out of use.
 Rescobie Loch is a post glacial fresh water body located in the Parish of Rescobie 4 km (2.5 mi) to the East of Forfar in the county of Angus Scotland. The loch is fed by Lunan Water which enters from the West and exits to the East.
 Mount Kyllini or Mount Cyllene (/sɪˈliːniː/; Greek: Κυλλήνη [kyˈlːɛːnɛː] Modern Greek pronunciation: [ciˈlini]; sometimes Ζήρια Mod. [ˈzirja]) is a mountain on the Peloponnesus peninsula in Greece famous for its association with the god Hermes. It rises to 2376 m (7795 ft) above sea level making it the second highest point on the peninsula. It is located near the border between the historic regions of Arcadia and Achaea—in the northeast of Arcadia and entirely within modern Corinthia.
 Llyn y Fan Fach (Welsh meaning Lake of the small beacon-hill) is a dammed lake in the western border of the Black Mountain (Brecon Beacons National Park) in Carmarthenshire South Wales. Near to it is found Llyn y Fan Fawr.
 Eden Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 25 km (16 mi) east of Woss and 4 km (2 mi) southwest of Mount Romeo.
 Montes Teneriffe is a range on the northern part of the Moon's near side. It was named after Tenerife one of the Canary Islands.This range is located in the northern part of the Mare Imbrium to the southwest of the crater Plato. The Montes Teneriffe lie within a diameter of about 110 kilometers although the peaks only occupy a small part of that region. The formation consists of a few scattered ridges surrounded by the lunar mare.
 The San Cristobal River (Tagalog: Ilog ng San Cristobal) is a river system in the cities of Calamba and Cabuyao Laguna Philippines.
 Volcán Ipala is a stratovolcano in south-eastern Guatemala. It has a 1000 metres (3300 ft) wide summit crater which contains a crater lake (Lake Ipala) whose surface lies about 150 m (500 ft) below the crater rim. Volcán Ipala is part of a cluster of small stratovolcanoes and cinder cone fields in south-eastern Guatemala.
 The South Mowich Glacier is a glacier located on the western flank of Mount Rainier in Washington. It covers 1.4 square miles (3.6 km2) and contains 4.5 billion ft3 (127 million m3) of ice. Starting from the high-altitude cliffs above the Sunset Amphitheater at over 12000 feet (3700 m) the glacier flows west down Mount Rainier. The glacier is connected to the large Tahoma Glacier to the south near St. Andrews Rock at 11000 feet (3400 m).
 The Dniprodzerzhynsk Reservoir (Ukrainian: Дніпродзержинське водосховище Dniprodzerzhyns'ke vodoskhovyshche) is a water reservoir located on the lower part of the Dnieper River in Ukraine. Named after the city of Dniprodzerzhynsk it covers a total area of 567 square kilometres within the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast. It was formed in 1963-1965.
 Helle is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain is a mostly undersea mountain range in the Pacific that reaches above sea level in Hawaii. It is composed of the Hawaiian ridge consisting of the islands of the Hawaiian chain northwest to Kure Atoll and the Emperor Seamounts: together they form a vast underwater mountain region of islands and intervening seamounts atolls shallows banks and reefs along a line trending southeast to northwest beneath the northern Pacific Ocean.
 The Mihailei River or Mihaili River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Mincio (Italian pronunciation: [ˈmintʃo]; Latin: Mincius Ancient Greek: Minchios Μιγχιος) is a river in the Lombardy region of northern Italy.Called the Sarca River before entering Lake Garda it flows from there about 65 kilometres (40 mi) past Mantua and into the Po River. At Mantua the Mincio was widened in the late 12th century forming a series of three (originally four) lakes that skirt the edges of the old city.
 The Horseshoe Pass (Welsh: Bwlch yr Oernant Pass of the Cold Stream) is a mountain pass in Denbighshire north-east Wales. It separates Llantysilio Mountain to the west from Cyrn-y-Brain to the east. The A542 road from Llandegla to Llangollen runs through the pass reaching a maximum height of 417 metres (1368 ft). The road travels in a horseshoe shape around the sides of a valley giving the pass its name. This route dates from 1811 when a turnpike road was constructed across the area.
 Ölbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Kovik River (French: Rivière Kovik) is a river on the Arctic tundra in Nunavik Quebec Canada. In some maps and publications name of the river is spelled Kovic.
 Schleiersbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Jaugila is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 33 kilometres and has a basin area of 62 km².
 Yūbari Mountains (夕張山地 Yūbari-sanchi) is a mountain range of Hokkaidō Japan.Part of this range is protected by the Furano-Ashibetsu Prefectural Natural Park (富良野芦別道立自然公園).
 The Doman River or Budinic River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Keystone Lake is a reservoir in northeastern Oklahoma on the Arkansas and Cimarron rivers. It is located upstream about 23 miles (37 km) from Tulsa. It was created in 1968 when the Keystone Dam was completed. The primary purposes are: flood control hydroelectric power generation wildlife management and recreation.Keystone Lake is about 23600 acres (96 km2) in size.
 Vesole is a mountain of Campania Italy. It has an elevation of 1210 metres above sea level.
 The Turtle Mountains (Amat 'Achii'ar in the Mojave language) are located in northeastern San Bernardino County in the southeastern part of California.
 Metica River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Mount Santō (三頭山 Santō-zan) is the second tallest mountain in the Teshio Mountains. It is located in Horokanai Hokkaidō Japan.
 The American River (Río de los Americanos during the Mexican-ruled period before 1846) is a California watercourse river system which runs from the crest of the Sierra Nevada mountain range to its confluence with the Sacramento River in Sacramento California. The Sacramento River continues to eventually empty into the San Francisco Bay and the Pacific Ocean at San Francisco California. The American River flows entirely within California.
 Mount Malindang is a complex volcano located in the province of Misamis Occidental in the southern island of Mindanao Philippines. The least studied mountain range was formed through several volcanic activities some of which could be historical evident by the presence of two calderas surrounded by high rock walls cinder cones dome volcano plugs two sulfurous hot springs and a crater lake named Lake Duminagat.
 The Arikaree River is a 156-mile-long (251 km) tributary of the Republican River that starts near Limon in Lincoln County Colorado. The river flows east into Kansas crossing the extreme northwestern corner of that state before entering Nebraska. North of Haigler in Dundy County Nebraska the Arikaree River joins the North Fork Republican River to form the Republican River.The river is named for the Arikara group of Native Americans. The word Arikaree refers to horn.
 Urkulu is an iconic mountain in the Basque Country straddling France and Spain. The summit is located in the western Pyrenees within walking distance from Roncevaux and close to the so-called French Way of St James crossing the mountain range at the historic pass.
 Mistral is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 110 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Mistral is named for the Chilean poet Gabriela Mistral who lived from 1889 to 1957.
 The Sella River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Vansjø is a lake in the municipalities of Moss Råde Rygge Våler in Østfold county Norway. The lake is fed by the river Hobølelva. The lake has an area of 36.9 km² and an estimated coastline of about 250 km. Etymologically the name likely derives from Varna sjor the ancient name of the municipality of Rygge.
 Harrington Bay is a bay in Washington County Maine.Located between the towns of Harrington and Milbridge it is separated from Pleasant Bay on the east by Ripley Neck and from Narraguagus Bay on the west and south by Fastet Island and Dyer Island.The bay extends roughly 6 mi. (10 km) and is 3 mi. (5 km) at its widest.
 Clinton Lake is a 4900 acres (19.8 km2) reservoir located near Clinton Illinois. The lake is a part of the Clinton Lake State Recreation Area which encompasses 9300 acres (37.6 km2). Clinton Lake is located in the central part of the state. It was built in the 1970s as a cooling source for Clinton Nuclear Generating Station. The lake opened in 1978. Clinton Lake is one of the best lakes for catfish and other gamefish.
 La Berra (1719 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking the Lake of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg.
 Mount Lindsey elevation 14048 ft (4282 m) is a fourteener in the Sangre de Cristo Range of southern Colorado. Located near Blanca Peak it is the forty-third highest mountain in Colorado. The summit and most of the southern flank of the mountain are privately held but access to the summit is allowed. In 1954 the name was changed to honor Malcolm Lindsey a beloved chaperone for the Juniors of the Colorado Mountain Club in the 1940s. Previously the mountain had been known as Old Baldy.
 Washington Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trails 109 and 203.Washington Lake is south of Patterson Peak and southeast of Fourth of July Lake although it is in a separate basin.
 Dunheger (Mongolian: Дүнхэгэр) is a mountain in the Altai Mountains of Asia. It is 3325 metres (10909 ft) tall and is on the international border between China and Mongolia.
 The Azul River (Rio Grande do Sul) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Rudi River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 The Falzarego Pass (Italian: Passo di Falzarego Ladin: Jou de Fauzare) (el. 2.105 m) is a high mountain pass in the province of Belluno in Italy.It mainly connects Andráz and Cortina d'Ampezzo.
 The Băița River is a tributary of the Baia River in Romania.
 Oyster Creek (Texas) is a river in Texas that rises north of Richmond in Fort Bend County and flows southeast to the Gulf of Mexico in Brazoria County. The creek is parallel to and just east of the Brazos River. The entire stream no longer follows its natural course because the upper section empties into canals below Sugar Land. The lower section drains into the Intracoastal Waterway near Surfside Beach.
 The Dobrețu River is a tributary of the Horezu River in Romania.
 The Bilele River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
 The Lašva is a river in Central Bosnia Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is a left tributary of the Bosna.It originates from the confluence of two little Lašva Karaula Lašva and Komarska Lašva in Turbe. The Lašva flows through Travnik then through Vitez before draining into the Bosna.
 Mount Poromoi (ポロモイ岳 Poromoi-dake) is a volcano located on the Shiretoko Peninsula in Hokkaido northeastern Japan.
 The Jirnov River is a tributary of the Dâmbovnic River in Romania.
 Lake Strusta (Струста) is a freshwater lake of Vitebsk Province Belarus the third largest among the Braslau Lakes and the sixteenth largest in Belarus. Lake Strusta is fed by several rivulets running from the Snudy Boloiso and Yelno lakes. It is drained by a little river into the Lake Voiso. The lake has around 22 known species of fish in it including the European cisco.The lake covers the area of 13 square km. Its maximum depth is 23 meters.
 Not to be confused with the East Rapti in Chitwan Valley some 100 miles (160 km) to the east this Rapti drains Rapti Zone in Mid-Western Region Nepal then Awadh and Purvanchal regions of Uttar Pradesh state India before joining the Ghaghara a major left bank tributary of the Ganges known as the Karnali inside Nepal.The West Rapti is notable for janajati ethnic groups – Kham Magar among its highland sources and then Tharu in Inner Terai Deukhuri Valley for its irrigation and hydroelectric potential and for recurrent floods that led to its nickname Gorakhpur's Sorrow.
 The Grey River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It arises in the Otway Ranges and enters Bass Strait to the east of Cape Otway.
 Sunset Lake is a 253-acre (1.02 km2) water body located in Belknap County in the Lakes Region of New Hampshire in the towns of Gilmanton and Alton. Water from Sunset Lake flows south to Crystal Lake the head of the Suncook River which flows to the Merrimack River and ultimately the Gulf of Maine.
 The Cordillera Blanca (Spanish for White Range) is a mountain range in the Ancash Region of Peru. Part of the larger Andes range it includes 33 major peaks over 5500 metres (18040 ft) high in an area 21 kilometres (13 mi) wide and 180 kilometres (112 mi) long.
 Steinbach (Nidda) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lake Dardanelle is a major reservoir on the Arkansas River in Arkansas USA. Russellville lies on Lake Dardanelle and the lake provides many recreational opportunities. Lake Dardanelle covers nearly 40000 acres (160 km2) of land which provides lots of area for boating fishing picnicking camping and scenic views. The lake extends from Dardanelle Lock and Dam (35°14′55″N 93°10′15″W) near Dardanelle into Pope Yell Logan Johnson and Franklin Counties.
 The Tămău River is a tributary of the Haitii River in Romania.
 Obere Gottesackerwände is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Jaciparaná River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Thruscross Reservoir is the northernmost of four reservoirs in the Washburn valley lying north of Otley and west of Harrogate in North Yorkshire England near the hamlet of Thruscross. It can be found from the A59 road. Thruscross was completed in 1966 much later than the other three reservoirs which date back to the nineteenth century.The construction of the reservoir flooded the village of West End which was already largely derelict following the decline of the flax industry.
 The Lockyer Valley is an area of rich farmlands that lies to the west of Brisbane Queensland Australia and east of Toowoomba.
 The San Marco Pass (Italian: Passo San Marco) is a mountain pass that links Val Brembana with Valtellina in the Bergamo Alps.
 Somers Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island south west of the junction of Stamp River and Ash River.
 Calvino is a crater on Mercury.
 Lake Molveno (German: Malfeinsee) is a lake in Trentino Italy east of Brenta (VA). The only settlement is Molveno.
 The Newcastle Ridge is a mountain ridge on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located on the south side of Johnstone Strait between Adam River and Sayward. It is part of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.The highest peak of the ridge is unofficially named Newcastle Peak at 1333 m (4373 ft).
 Hurst Reservoir is a disused reservoir near Glossop north Derbyshire. In 1837 50 local millowners and gentlemen known as the Glossop Commissioners obtained an Act of Parliament to construct the Glossop Reservoirs. Hurst Reservoir was on the Hurst Brook and Mossy Lea Reservoir was to take water from the Shelf Brook. Only the Hurst Reservoir was constructed before the money ran out. Mossy Lea Reservoir was later constructed privately by the Duke of Norfolk.
 Lake Rotokawau is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Josefsberg Pass (el. 1012 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Lower Austria.It connects Annaberg and Mitterbach and has a maximum grade of 10 percent.
 The River Ock is a tributary of the River Wey in Surrey England.The river rises near Hambledon and then flows north between Enton and Witley then past Wheelerstreet and Milford. It is then joined by a tributary which flows through Busbridge Lakes. It then passes through Ockford named for the stream before flowing into the Wey at Godalming. In Godalming the Westbrook Mill lies on the river.For much of its length the Portsmouth Main Line follows the river.
 Maynard Lake is located on the English River system 80 kilometres (50 mi) northeast of Kenora Ontario.
 Creag Ghlas Laggan (also known as Fionn Bhealach) is a Marilyn on the Isle of Arran in south-western Scotland. It is the highest point of the seven-mile-long ridge of land that runs north-west to south-east between the A841 road and the Sound of Bute in the north-eastern part of the island.The best way up in terms of scenery is to follow the well-trodden and easily-graded path from Lochranza to Bearradh Tom a' Muidhe at grid ref 962508 and strike south-east up the ridge from there.
 Bessarion is a lunar impact crater located near the southwest edge of Mare Imbrium. Some distance to the east is the crater T. Mayer. Bessarion is a bowl-shaped crater with a low central rise and a higher albedo than the maria making it a brighter feature when the sun is overhead.Just to the north of Bessarion is a smaller crater Bessarion E that also has a relatively high albedo. This crater is sometimes called Virgil although this name is not officially recognized by the IAU.
 Braubach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Sutla (Croatian) or Sotla (Slovene) is a river flowing through Slovenia and Croatia mostly forming their border. It is a tributary to the Sava itself a tributary to the Danube.
 The Găuri River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 San Juan Creek is a creek in Orange County in the U.S. state of California. It is about 29 miles (47 km) long and along with its major tributary Trabuco Creek drains 133 square miles (340 km2) near the southernmost extent of Orange County. This article describes its course.
 Forbidden Glacier is on the north slopes of Forbidden Peak North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is approximately .75 mi (1.21 km) in length 1 mi (1.6 km) in width at its terminus and descends from 8000 to 5600 ft (2400 to 1700 m). The glacier is separated by an arête from Boston Glacier to the east and south. Meltwaters from Forbidden Glacier flow into Moraine Lake.
 The Valea Mare River is a headwater of the Râul Roşu in Romania.
 The Dunbar River (Popple River) is a river of Minnesota.
 Heaven Lake (천지 (Ch'ŏnji or Cheonji) in Korean; 天池 (Tiānchí) in Chinese) is a crater lake on the border between China and North Korea. It lies within a caldera atop the volcanic Baekdu Mountain a part of the Baekdudaegan mountain range and the Changbai mountain range. It is located partly in Ryanggang Province North Korea at 42.006°N 128.057°E﻿ / 42.006; 128.057 and partly in Jilin Province northeastern China.
 Illimsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 668 metres.
 Wolseongbong is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 904 metres.
 Jormasjärvi is a lake in Sotkamo eastern Finland. It is part of the Oulujoki basin which drains west to the Bothnian Bay.The area of the lake is 20.5 square kilometres and maximum depth 28 m.
 The Clănița River or Clauța River is a tributary of the Teleorman River in Romania.
 Kushiro River (釧路川 Kushiro-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan. It is 154 kilometers (96 mi) in length and has a drainage area of 2510 square kilometers (970 sq mi). The Kushiro originates from Lake Kussharo and flows south across the Kushiro Plain. The river is joined by two tributaries the Kuchoro River (60.2 kilometres (37.4 mi)) and the Setsuri River (59.8 kilometres (37.2 mi)) before it empties into the Pacific Ocean at the port at Kushiro.
 Paterson River a perennial river that is part of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Hunter and Mid North Coast regions of New South Wales Australia.
 Ogof Dydd Byraf is a cave which extends under Esclusham Mountain in north-east Wales from its entrance in the south face of the Minera Limeworks quarry. It was originally discovered and explored in 1964 by the Wrexham Caving Club before they were merged into the North Wales Caving Club.After a short series of mined passages there is a narrow 10 metre pitch into the main levels consisting of a series of well-decorated galleries.
 T'inkiqucha (Quechua t'inki union qucha lake union lake hispanicized spelling Tinguicocha Tinquicocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huanuco Region Lauricocha Province Cauri District at a height of about 4365 m. It is situated in the Rawra mountain range southeast of the lake Patarqucha west of the lake Qarwaqucha and north of the smaller lake Puywanqucha. T'inkiqucha is 2 km long and 0.47 km at its widest point.
 Europa Pass Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Cășăria River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania
 The Itã River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Bull Mountain at 9925 feet (3025 m) high is the highest peak in the Raft River Mountains of Box Elder County in northern Utah. Bull Mountain is located southwest of Yost Utah west of Snowville Utah and south of Malta Idaho in the Raft River Division of the Minidoka Ranger District of Sawtooth National Forest.The northern slopes of Bull Mountain are drained by tributaries of the Raft River a tributary of the Snake River and the southern slopes drain into the Great Salt Lake.
 The Tocilița River is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
 The Kir (Albanian: Kir or Kiri) is a river in northern Albania that first flows south-southwest and then southwest out of the North Albanian Alps and enters a distributary of the Drin just below Shkodër.In the upper reaches the river cuts the Canyon of the Kir with dramatic cliffs. Just outside Shkodër in Mes the old stone Mes Bridge crosses the Kir.
 Trum y Ddysgl is a mountain in Snowdonia north Wales and is the second highest summit on the celebrated Nantlle Ridge. It is also one half of the two Marilyns that make up the ridge the other being Craig Cwm Silyn.The mountain has a dramatic morphology: with two aretes dark glacial cwms and rocky character. There are views of Snowdonia with Mynydd Mawr Yr Wyddfa and Moel Hebog being close neighbours.
 The Butoaia River is a tributary of the Calul River in Romania.
 Minor Glacier is in Bridger-Teton National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the west side of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range. Minor Glacier is in the Bridger Wilderness and is part of the largest grouping of glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains. The glacier is situated below the west flank of Gannett Peak the tallest mountain in Wyoming.
 Pometenik (Serbian Cyrillic: Пометеник) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia near the city of Novi Pazar. Its highest peak has an elevation of 1349 meters above sea level.
 Traddelkopf is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 The Brătila River is a tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania.
 The Rosensee is a lake in the region of Holstein Switzerland in the state of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Cromwell Mountains is a mountain range in north-eastern Papua New Guinea.
 Cerro Tristeza is a mountain in South America. It has an elevation of 2596 metres (8517 ft) above sea level. Cerro Tristeza lies within the coastal state of Sucre Venezuela near the border with the Venezuelan state of Anzoátegui.
 Großes Heiliges Meer is a lake in Hopsten Kreis Steinfurt North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 425 m its surface area is 11 ha.
 Thoms Cove the nickname for Thomas Cove is a natural cove approximately 1500 feet (0.28 mi) in diameter in Hawkins Point Baltimore on the northeastern end of the peninsula with the tidal Patapsco River to the northeast Curtis Bay to the northwest Hawkins Point to the west and I-695 to the south.Thoms Cove is bordered by Eastalco Aluminum Company's loading and storage facility and a Superfund landfill.
 The River Afan (generally anglicized as Avon and sometimes historically as Avan) is a river in southwest Wales whose river valley formed the territory of the medieval Lords of Afan. The Afan Valley encompasses the upper reaches of the river. The valley is traversed by the A4107 Afan Valley Road. Settlements in the area include Cwmafan Pwyll-y-glaw and Cymmer. The town of Aberavon grew up on the banks of the river and was later subsumed by the larger centre of population known as Port Talbot.
 Alhazen is a lunar impact crater that lies near the eastern limb of the Moon's near side. Just to the south-southeast is the crater Hansen and to the west is the Mare Crisium. The rim of Alhazen is nearly circular but appears highly oblong when viewed from the Earth due to foreshortening. The inner walls and the crater floor are rugged and irregular. A low ridge joins the south rim of Alhazen with the nearby Hansen. The crater is named after the Muslim Medieval scientist Ibn al-Haytham.
 Mount Asplenium is a mountain in the Main Range of south-east Queensland Australia. It is protected within the Main Range National Park. The summit can be reached by hiking south from Mount Huntley however there is no marked trail so only experienced navigators should attempt the ascent. The summit is rocky and covered in rainforest vegetation making camping unpleasant and blocking out views.
 Danby Lake (also known as Danby Dry Lake) is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California 50 mi (80 km) northwest of Blythe. The lake is approximately 9 mi (14 km) long and 2.5 mi (4.0 km) at its widest point.
 Mons Bradley is a lunar mountain massif in the Montes Apenninus range along the eastern edge of the Mare Imbrium. It is located to the west of the crater Conon. To the west of this peak is the Rima Bradley rille. (See below.)The selenographic coordinates of this peak are 22.0° N 1.0° E. It has a maximum diameter of 30 km across the base and rises to a height of about 4.2 km. It is named after the English astronomer James Bradley (1692–1762).
 The Buta River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania
 Sugarloaf Mountain is a small (1282 foot; 391 m) mountain and park about 10 miles (16 km) south of Frederick Maryland USA. The closest village is Barnesville located nearly at the foot of the mountain. The peak of this relatively low mountain is approximately 800 feet (244 m) higher than the surrounding farmland. It is visible from many parts of northern Montgomery County and southern Frederick County notably from I-270 north of the town of Germantown.
 The Secăruia is a tributary of the Ghimbav river in Romania. It is formed at the junction of two branches: Secăruia Mare and Secăruia Mică
 The Durance (Durença in Occitan or Durènço in Mistralian) is a major river in south-eastern France.Its source is in the south-western Alps in Montgenèvre ski resort near Briançon and it flows south-west through the following départements and cities: Hautes-Alpes: Briançon Embrun. Alpes-de-Haute-Provence: Sisteron Manosque. Vaucluse: Cavaillon Avignon. Bouches-du-Rhône.The Durance's main tributaries are the Bléone and Verdon rivers.
 The Râul Tare is a tributary of the Scroafa River in Romania.
 The Lupoaia River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 Sauhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Mangatawhiri River is a river of the Auckland and Waikato Regions of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southwest from its sources in the Hunua Ranges southeast of Clevedon before flowing through a system of irrigation canals at the northern edge of the Waikato Plains close to the town of Pokeno. It reaches the Waikato River close to the township of Mercer. The upper reaches of the Mangatawhiri are dammed to form reservoirs to store water for use by Auckland City.
 The Asalonso River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Ryburn Reservoir is a supply reservoir operated by Yorkshire Water close to Ripponden in the Yorkshire Pennines. It lies in the valley of the River Ryburn and is the lower of two reservoirs built in the valley to supply Wakefield with water and was completed in 1933. The upper reservoir is Baitings Reservoir.Ryburn reservoir is the earlier of the two reservoirs. It lies just south of the A58 road and its concrete dam is situated in a deep part of the valley.
 Türgen (Mongolian: Түргэн lit. quicker) is a mountain of the Altai Mountains and located in the Uvs Province in Mongolia. Its peak Deglii Tsagaan (heron the white) has an elevation of 4029 meters and is snow-capped.
 Livoq Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Livoqit Serbian: Језеро Ливоц) is a small artificial lake in eastern Kosovo. Livoq Lake is just west of the large city of Gnjilane and borders the Goljak mountains to its west. The lake is fed by a small tributary of the South Morava. It is the second largest lake in the east of Kosovo only coming second to Prilepnica Lake.
 Edge Peak is a summit in the Golden Ears Group located in Golden Ears Provincial Park north of Maple Ridge British Columbia. The peak is not named for its shape but rather for Sam Edge who climbed it in 1876. Other mountains in this area include Golden Ears and Blanshard Peak.
 Sandy River is a 12.9-mile-long (20.8 km) tributary of the Bush River in the U.S. state of Virginia. Via the Bush River and the Appomattox River it is part of the James River watershed. It rises in Prince Edward County northeast of the village of Green Bay and flow north through Prince Edward State Forest and farmland joining the Bush River less than one mile south of that river's confluence with the Appomattox near the town of Farmville.
 North Berwick Law also known simply as Berwick Law is a conical hill which rises incongruously from the surrounding landscape (indeed this is the definition of the Lowland Scots word law). It overlooks the East Lothian town of North Berwick and stands at 613 ft (187 m) above sea level.Geologically the law is a volcanic plug of hard phonolitic trachyte rock of Carboniferous (Dinantian) age. It has survived the scraping glaciers of the ice age.
 Nobile is a lunar crater that is located near the southern pole of the Moon. It lies to the south of the crater Scott along the western rim of Amundsen. Between Nobile and the southern pole lie the smaller craters Shoemaker and Faustini.This is an eroded crater formation that is almost constantly cloaked in deep shadows. When sunlight does enter the interior of this crater it does so at a very oblique angle.
 Waldbach (Röhr) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Burnhope Seat is a moor in the North Pennines of England. It lies between the heads of the Rivers Tees South Tyne and Wear. The summit is crossed by the boundary between County Durham and CumbriaThe B6277 road between Alston and Middleton-in-Teesdale passes within 2 km of the summit thus providing the easiest route of ascent. The hill may also be climbed from Weardale as part of high-level circuit of Burnhope Reservoir.
 Ochsenberg (Schwäbische Alb) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 Mont Joigny (1558 m) is a mountain in the Chartreuse Mountains in Savoie France.
 Crow Lagoon is a little-known volcanic center located north of Prince Rupert British Columbia Canada. There are beds of thick basaltic tephra that are of Holocene age.Crow Lagoon is one of the top 10 volcanoes in Canada with recent seismic activity the others include: Castle Rock Mount Edziza volcanic complex Mount Cayley Hoodoo Mountain The Volcano Mount Silverthrone Mount Meager Wells Gray-Clearwater volcanic field and Mount Garibaldi.
 The Afinișul River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 War Hill (Irish: Cnoc an Bhairr meaning Hill of the summit) is a mountain in County Wicklow Ireland. At 686 metres (2251 ft) it is the 20th highest mountain in the Wicklow Mountains and the 129th highest summit in Ireland.
 Flensjøen is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county and Os in Hedmark county Norway. The lake lies about half-way between the lakes Korssjøen and Femunden and about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) south of Håsjøen.
 Lake Tegel (German: Tegeler See) is the second largest lake in Berlin Germany. It is situated in the northwest of the city in the Reinickendorf borough in the Ortsteil of Tegel.
 High Willhays or according to some authors High Willes is the highest point on Dartmoor Devon at 621 metres (2039 ft) above sea level and the highest point in the United Kingdom south of the Brecon Beacons.
 Madum Lake (Danish: Madum Sø) is the largest lake in the Himmerland peninsula of Jutland Denmark. The lake covers an area of 204 hectares (500 acres) and has a depth of 7.5 metres (25 ft) at its deepest point. It is both an important bird sanctuary and a popular bathing spot.
 The Río Colorado is a river of Bolivia in the Potosí Department Nor Lípez Province.
 The Gordon River is a river in the Great Southern of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise below Three Wells near Broomehill.
 P'itiqucha (Quechua p'iti to divide by pulling powerfully to the extremes / gap interruption qucha lake lagoon gap lake hispanicized spelling Peticocha Piticocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Huarochiri Province Quinti District. It is situated at a height of about 4410 metres (14469 ft) about 2.79 km long and 0.56 km at its widest point.
 The Derwent is a river in Yorkshire in the north of England. It is used for water abstraction leisure and sporting activities and effluent disposal as well as being of significant importance as the site of several nature reserves.
 Zemplínska šírava (sometimes called the Slovak sea (Slovak: Slovenské more)). is a dam and lake in eastern Slovakia near the town of Michalovce wholly belonging to the Michalovce District. The name recalls the historical Zemplín region. The dam was built in 1961–1965 covers an area of 33 km2 (13 sq mi) has an average depth of 9.5 m (31 ft) with a maximum depth of 14 m (46 ft). Water from the dam flows into the Laborec river which in turn flows into the Bodrog river.
 KwaDuma is a peak in the Drakensberg mountains on the border between Lesotho and South Africa. At a height of 3019 metres (9905 ft) it is the highest peak in South Africa's Eastern Cape province. (Ben Macdhui is the highest peak in the Eastern Cape that does not lie on the border.)
 The Gila Valley of Graham County Arizona is a 35 mile (56 km) long valley in central Graham County Arizona. Thatcher and Safford Arizona lie upstream on the Gila River in the southeast beginning of the valley.The elevation of the river valley upstream at Safford is 2906 feet (886 m).The Gila Valley region along the river contains the most populated areas of the Safford micropolitan area.
 The Naniken River (Irish: An Nainicín) is a minor river on the north side of Dublin city Ireland one of more than forty watercourses monitored by Dublin City Council. It is culverted for much of its upper course and visible for its entire lower course.
 Niles Canyon is a canyon in the San Francisco Bay Area formed by Alameda Creek. The canyon is largely in an unincorporated area of Alameda County while the western portion of the canyon lies within the city limits of Fremont and Union City. The stretch of State Route 84 known as Niles Canyon Road traverses the length of the canyon from the Niles district of Fremont to the unincorporated town of Sunol.
 Mount Alvernia (formerly Como Hill) is located on Cat Island in the Bahamas and is the highest point in the country at 63 metres (207 ft) above sea level. The Mountain shares its name with a school in Montego Bay Jamaica.Originally named Como Hill it was renamed Mount Alvernia after La Verna the hill in Tuscany where St. Francis of Assisi received the Wounds of the Cross.
 Store Bukkeholstinden is a mountain in Lom Oppland Norway. It is the highest among the mountains called Bukkeholstindane and lies on a ridge between the glacier Bukkeholsbreen in the north and the valley Tverrbytnede in the south.
 The Malše (German: Maltsch) is a river in Austria and in the Czech Republic and a right tributary of the Vltava.The Malše originates on the north slope of Viehberg near the village of Sandl in Bezirk Freistadt Upper Austria. It flows northward and forms 22 kilometres (14 mi) of Austria-Czech border before fully entering the Český Krumlov District of South Bohemia near Dolní Dvořiště.
 Sosigenes is a lunar impact crater on the west edge of Mare Tranquillitatis. It lies to the east of the large walled plain Julius Caesar. The crater rim has a high albedo making it relatively bright. It has a small central rise at the midpoint of the floor.To the east on the mare is a formation of parallel rilles designated the Rimae Sosignes. These follow a course to the north and have a length of about 150 kilometers. The small bowl-shaped crater Sosignes A lies across one of these rilles.
 Lake Manitou is the largest lake on Manitoulin Island in Ontario Canada. It is the largest lake on a lake island in the world. Since Manitoulin Island itself is in Lake Huron one of the Great Lakes Manitou qualifies as the largest lake in a lake. Lake Manitou has an area of about 104 square kilometres (40 sq mi). It is drained by the Manitou River. There are also a number of small islands in Lake Manitou making them islands in a lake on an island in another lake.
 Wargentin is an unusual lunar impact crater which has been filled to its rim by a basaltic lava flow forming a raised plateau. When the lava flow occurred it erupted from within the crater walls and proceeded to accumulate until overrunning the lowest portion of the rim. Some blockage then prevented the lava flow from returning to equilibrium.
 Anotaié River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 Lethe is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Big Betsy River is a 3.4-mile-long (5.5 km) stream on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Lake Superior.
 The Sierra de la Culebra Portuguese: Serra da Coroa is a mountain range in Castile and León northwest Spain and northeastern Portugal. It lies 7 km south of Puebla de Sanabria in the comarcas of Aliste Sanabria and La Carballeda (Zamora Province) as well as Vinhais and Bragança municipalities in the District of Bragança.
 Thornton Creek is 18 miles (29 km) of urban creeks and tributaries from southeast Shoreline through northeast Seattle to Lake Washington. The creek is the largest watershed in Seattle draining a 12-square-mile (31 km2) region of relatively dense biodiversity for an urban setting home to frogs newts ducks other birds and an occasional beaver in addition to over 200000 people.
 Wisk'achani (Aymara wisk'acha viscacha -ni a nominal suffix to indicate ownership the one with viscacha hispanicized spelling Vizcachani) is a mountain in the Urupampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5000 metres (16404 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province in the districts Camanti and Marcapata. Wisk'achani is situated between the lake Q'umirqucha in the north and the lakes Warusqucha and Suyruqucha in the south.
 The Partry Mountains (Irish: Sliabh Phartraí) is a mountain range in County Mayo on the west coast of Ireland. The highest peak in the Partry Mountains is Maumtrasna which rises to (682m / 2238ft). The mountain range overlooks Lough Mask and the area is often referred to as Joyce Country.
 The Valea Ursului River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 Arbury Hill at 225 m (738 ft) is the highest point in the English county of Northamptonshire.It is 9 km (5.6 mi) southwest of the town of Daventry.The slopes of Arbury Hill are a drainage divide between three major river catchment areas with the Nene to the north east and south the Cherwell (a tributary of the Thames) to the south-west and the Leam (a tributary of the Severn) to the west and north-west.
 Mount Hood called Wy'east by the Multnomah tribe is a stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc of northern Oregon. It was formed by a subduction zone on the Pacific coast and rests in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States. It is located about 50 miles (80 km) east-southeast of Portland on the border between Clackamas and Hood River counties.
 The Loșna River is a headwater of the Negoiu river in Romania.
 The Tenente Marques River is a river of Rondônia and Mato Grosso states in western Brazil.
 The Hot Spring Hills are a mountain range in Malheur County Oregon.
 Gírová (Polish: Girowa) is a 840 m (2756 ft)-high mountain in the Silesian Beskids mountain range in the Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. The mountain is located several kilometers from the borders with Poland and Slovakia.There is a mountain hut on the mountain at the elevation of 790 m (2592 ft). It was opened on 16 October 1932 by the Club of Czechoslovak Tourists. Six year afterwards the hut was rented by Franciszek Schulhauser who has been administering it until 1967.
 Punta Senyalada also known as Pic de la Torreta and Pic dels Soldats is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Besiberri Massif Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2952 metres above sea level.
 Newhall Pass is a mountain pass in Los Angeles County California. Historically called Fremont Pass and San Fernando Pass with Beale's Cut it separates the Santa Susana Mountains from the San Gabriel Mountains.
 Mount Angeles is located just south of Port Angeles Washington in the Olympic National Park. It is the highest peak in the Hurricane Ridge area. The summit which offers panoramic views of the Strait of Juan de Fuca and many of the peaks of the interior Olympic Mountains can be climbed from the Klahane Ridge trail.The southeast side of Mount Angeles drains into Morse Creek thence into the Strait of Juan de Fuca a couple of miles east of Port Angeles.
 King is a prominent lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon and can not be viewed directly from Earth. It forms a pair with Ibn Firnas which is only slightly larger and is attached to the northeast rim of King. To the northwest is the crater Lobachevskiy and Guyot is located an equal distance to the north-northwest.The outer rim of King is roughly circular but with a slightly irregular appearance particularly at the northern end.
 The Neagu River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Dollbek is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Winnipeg River is a Canadian river which flows from Lake of the Woods in the province of Ontario to Lake Winnipeg in Manitoba. This river is 235 kilometres (146 mi) long from the Norman Dam in Kenora to its mouth at Lake Winnipeg. Its watershed is 106500 square kilometres (41100 sq mi) in area mainly in Canada.
 Lac de Crotel is a lake at Groslée in the Ain department France.
 Daisy Lake is a lake in the city of Greater Sudbury in northeastern Ontario Canada. It is in the Lake Huron drainage basin and is the source of the Whitefish River.The lake is about 3.2 kilometres (2.0 mi) long and 0.3 kilometres (0.2 mi) wide lies at an elevation of 230 metres (755 ft) and is located about 4 kilometres (2 mi) east of the community of McFarlane Lake and 0.7 kilometres (0.4 mi) south of Ontario Highway 17.
 Fuderheuberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Négresse is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Bauges range. It has an elevation of 1720 metres above sea level.
 Muaco River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Bahr al-Arab is a river which flows approximately 800 kilometres (500 mi) through the southwest of Sudan and marks part of its international border with South Sudan. It is part of the Nile river system being a tributary of Bahr el Ghazal which is a tributary of the White Nile.The river flows through Sudan's Kurdufan and Darfur regions and forms part of the border between Darfur and the region of Bahr el Ghazal in northwestern South Sudan.
 Effingham Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island at the head of Effingham River and north east of Kennedy Lake.
 The Valea Scaunelor River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Volcán de Flores is the most prominent stratovolcano in a volcanic field composed of several small volcanoes in southern Guatemala. It is located approximately 10 km west of the city of Jutiapa.
 The Crixás Açu River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Asuwa River (足羽川 Asuwa-gawa) is a river in Fukui Prefecture Japan. It stretches 61.7 km (38 mi) from Mount Kanmuri in the town of Ikeda to the Hino and the Kuzuryū rivers.
 Couchsachraga Peak is a mountain located in Essex County New York. Couchsachraga is based on an Algonquin or Huron name for the area meaning dismal wilderness. The mountain is part of the Santanoni Mountains of the Adirondacks. Couchsachraga Peak is flanked to the east by Panther Peak.
 The Steinernes Meer is a high karst plateau in the Northern Limestone Alps. As one of the nine sub-ranges of the Berchtesgaden Alps the Steinernes Meer belongs partly to Bavaria and partly to Salzburg.
 Gutiérrez Lake (Spanish: Lago Gutiérrez) is a lake of the lake region of northern Patagonia in the province of Río Negro in Argentina. It is of glacial origin being a Moraine-dammed lake. The lake is connected to Nahuel Huapi Lake.It was named by explorer and naturalist Francisco P. Moreno as an homage to his academic mentor Juan María Gutiérrez.The lake harbors several species of trout including rainbow trout brown trout and brook trout which attract anglers from the world over.
 Hasselbach (Dalke) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Half Peak elevation 13848 ft (4221 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado. The peak is northeast of Silverton in the Gunnison National Forest.
 The Bâsculița River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania. The river starts at the junction of headwaters Izvorul Gropii and Tămăşoiu
 Emma Matilda Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The lake is named after the wife of William O. Owen who was the first along with three other climbers to ascend to the summit of Grand Teton in 1898. The natural lake is 2.7 miles (4.3 km) long and can be reached by way of a 1 mile (1.6 km) hike from a parking area at Two Ocean Lake or via a slightly longer hike from Jackson Lake Lodge.
 Moti Jheel is a lake and a drinking water reservoir in the Benajhabar area of Kanpur which with its adjoining gardens and children's park is an important tourist attraction. Built during the British Raj today along with Kamala Retreat and Moti Park it is most important recreational places in the bustling industrial city of Kanpur once known as the Manchester of the East.Moti means pearl and jheel means lake thus giving its name pearl lake.
 The Curaçá River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Lake Monona is a freshwater drainage lake in Dane County Wisconsin surrounded on three sides by the city of Madison Wisconsin and on the south side by the city of Monona Wisconsin. It is the second-largest of a chain of four lakes along the Yahara River (also including Mendota Kegonsa and Waubesa) in the area and forms the south shore of the isthmus that forms downtown Madison.
 Sajna is a river of Poland a tributary of the Guber.
 Bardon Peak is a peak in northeastern Minnesota. It is located inside the southwestern city limits of Duluth near the Gary – New Duluth neighborhood and adjacent Midway Township; and the peak is located above the Morgan Park neighborhood. Bardon Peak was named for a James Bardon of nearby Superior Wisconsin.According to the city's official map Bardon's Peak on West Skyline Parkway is located within the boundaries of the Smithville neighborhood.
 The Caves of Caiplie Caplawchy or Caiplie Coves known locally as The Coves are a cave system on the Fife Coastal path between Anstruther and Crail in Scotland. The Caves were the site of early Christian worship after this they were used by farmers to house livestock and included a doocot for housing pigeons (c170) the caves are thought to have been abandoned since c180.
 The Sucevița River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 The Marrah Mountains or Marra Mountains or Fugo Marra (In fur language) or (Jebel Marra Arabic: جبل مرة‎ bad mountains) is a range of volcanic peaks created by a massif that rises up to 3000 m. It is located in the center of the Darfur region of Sudan specifically within Dar Fur and neighboring areas. The highest point is Deriba Caldera.
 Piz Miez (2956 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located south of Tenigerbad in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Medel in the Val Sumvitg.
 Edgehill Mountain is one of the 46 hills of the City and County of San Francisco California located in the United States of America. This hill is part of a western greenbelt that connects Mount Davidson Hawk Hill Twin Peaks and the area around Laguna Honda Reservoir which all run on the crest of a ridge of hill tops through the center of the city. The neighborhood surrounding the hill boasts a small park by the same name.
 The Mogorogea River is a tributary of the Largu River in Romania.
 Arnison Crag is a fell in the English Lake District an outlier of the Fairfield group in the Eastern Fells. It looks down on Patterdale village and the upper reach of Ullswater.
 Mühlenwasser is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Beinn na Caillich is a mountain at the eastern end of the isle of Skye in Scotland. It is situated to the west of Kyle Rhea about 4 km south-east of Kyleakin. Confusingly there is another hill named Beinn na Caillich on Skye with an identical height in the Red Cuillin 4 km west of Broadford.It is often climbed along with its slightly higher neighbour Sgurr na Coinnich which is 1 km to the south-west.
 Vlattener Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Beinn Dorain (Gaelic: Beinn Dòbhrain 'hill of the streamlet' or 'hill of the otters') is a mountain located in the Bridge of Orchy hills of Argyll and Bute Scotland.
 Twitchell Reservoir is a reservoir in southern San Luis Obispo County and northern Santa Barbara County in California. The reservoir has a capacity of 197756 acre·ft (243928000 m3) and is formed by Twitchell Dam on the Cuyama River about 66 miles (106 km) from its headwaters in the Chumash Wilderness Area and about 6 miles (9.7 km) from its confluence with the Sisquoc River where they form the Santa Maria River.
 The São Pedro River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Râul Repede or Repedea River or Valea Repedea River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 The Cachoeira River (Potinga River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Mont Brequin is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3130 metres above sea level.
 Bauna is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Store Urevatn is a lake in the municipality of Bykle in Aust-Agder county Norway. The water leaving this lake high up in the Setesdalsheiene mountains has a dam on it which leads to a canal that brings the out-flowing water to the nearby Vatndalsvatnet lake.The lake has large populations of brook trout and brown trout which makes the lake popular with fishermen.
 The Borboleta River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Buffalo River is the longest unimpounded river in Middle Tennessee in the United States flowing 125 miles (201 km) through the southern and western portions of that region. It is the largest tributary of the Duck River and is used for canoeing especially in its middle section. The river is named for the Buffalo fish which was abundant when the first European settlers arrived.
 The Llankanuku Lakes (hispanicized spelling Llanganuco) Chinanqucha and Urqunqucha are situated in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru. They lie in the Ancash Region Yungay Province Yungay District about 25 km north-east of Yungay. The lakes are part of the Huascarán National Park.
 Laksefjorden (Northern Sami: Lágesvuotna) is a fjord located entirely in Lebesby Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. At 72-kilometre (45 mi) long it is the third longest fjord in Finnmark county after the Porsangerfjorden and Varangerfjorden. The fjord is situated in a sparsely populated area with only few and small settlements along the fjord including Lebesby Kunes Ifjord and Veidnes.
 Piz Ravetsch is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps located in Graubünden near the border with Ticino. Piz Ravetsch is the highest summit of the range that separates Val Maighels and the valley of Lake Curnera. A relatively large glacier named Glatscher da Maighels lies over its western flanks.
 The Tureacu River is a tributary of the Bârgău River in Romania.
 The Yaak River (spelled Yahk River in Canada) is a tributary of the Kootenay River (spelled Kootenai in the United States) in the U.S. state of Montana and the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 The Mount Royal Range is a mountain range in the Hunter region of New South Wales Australia.
 Barda (Russian: Барда) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 209 km. Area of drainage basin is 1970 km². The source of the river is located west of Kyn railway station. Flows through Lysvinsky District Beryozovsky District and Kishertsky District of the krai and flows into the Sylva River 83 km from its mouth. Main tributaries: Tersi River: Asovka River (left); Kamenka River (right).
 Leroboleng is a volcano located in the eastern part of the island of Flores Indonesia.
 Wollaston is a relatively small lunar impact crater located in the Oceanus Procellarum. To the northwest is the similar Nielsen. To the southeast is the somewhat larger Krieger. There are several small rilles to the southwest of Wollaston forming part of the Rimae Prinz.This is a circular cup-shaped crater with a higher albedo than the surrounding mare. It has a raised rim that is free from impact erosion and is surrounded by a small radial skirt of ejecta.
 The Mogocha (Russian: Могоча) is a river in Krasnokholmsky Molokovsky and Bezhetsky Districts of Tver Oblast in Russia. Together with the Melecha River it forms the Osen a major right tributary of the Mologa River. It is 106 kilometres (66 mi) long and the area of its basin is 1880 square kilometres (730 sq mi).
 Ebbsfleet River is a river in Kent south-east England. Today it gives its name to the Ebbsfleet Valley redevelopment area prior to that when it was known as the River Fleet it gave its name to Northfleet and Southfleet. Its source was eight natural springs at Springhead.
 The River Poddle (Irish: An Poitéal) is a river in County Dublin in Ireland. The city of Dublin is named after a dark pool (dubh linn in Irish) that was once on its course. It rises in the Cookstown area north of Tallaght and flows into the River Liffey in the centre of Dublin.
 Fossebreen is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Valea Gruiului River is a tributary of the Bădeni river in Romania.
 Lake Kanawauke is a primarily man-made lake in Harriman State Park. The name is Onondaga in origin and means place of much water. There are three parts to the lake lower middle and upper; the total area is 186 acres (0.75 km2). It is located in the Town of Tuxedo in Orange County and the Town of Haverstraw in Rockland County.
 Davis Creek is a tributary of the Kanawha River 9.4 miles (15.1 km) long in West Virginia in the United States. Via the Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 47.1 square miles (122 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau in the Charleston metropolitan area. Davis Creek flows for its entire length in Kanawha County.
 Chalai Lagoon is a lagoon in Mullaitivu District north-east Sri Lanka. The town of Chalai is located on a sand bar between the lagoon and the Indian Ocean. The lagoon is fed by a number of small rivers. It is linked to the sea by a narrow channel near Chalai. The lagoon's water is brackish. The lagoon is surrounded by dense forest scrubland and some rice paddies. The land is used for fishing and some salt production.The lagoon has extensive sea grass beds and mangrove swamp.
 The Ondava is a 146.5 km long river in Slovakia the northern source river of the Bodrog. Its source is in the Low Beskids (Eastern Carpathian Mountains) near the village Nižná Polianka close to the border with Poland. The Ondava flows south through the towns Svidník Stropkov and Trhovište and through the Ondavská Highlands. Near the village Cejkov the Ondava joins the Latorica and forms the Bodrog river itself a tributary of the Tisza. The Ondava river is 44% regulated.
 This article is for the lake. For the community of the same name see Nimpo Lake British Columbia.Nimpo Lake is a freshwater lake in the Chilcotin District of British Columbia Canada. It is located 185 miles west of Williams Lake on the Chilcotin Highway (Hwy 20) and is approx. 100 miles east of Bella Coola. The lake is 7 miles long with several protected bays and has an area of 9.88 km².
 Grayson Lake is a 1500-acre (6.1 km2) reservoir in Carter and Elliott counties in Kentucky. It was created by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in 1968 by impounding the Little Sandy River with the Grayson Dam an earthen structure 120 feet high creating a maximum capacity of 118990 acre-feet. Sections of Kentucky Route 7 were re-routed as a result of the lake's creation. KY 7 now traverses a modern highway stretch around the park crossing the dam also.
 The Kieselbach is a right tributary of the Lichte in Thuringia Germany and is 4 km long.
 Mount Akutan officially Akutan Peak is a stratovolcano in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska. Akutan Peak at 4275 feet (1303 m) is the highest point on the caldera of the Akutan stratovolcano. Akutan contains a 2 km-wide caldera formed during a major explosive eruption about 1600 years ago. Recent eruptive activity has originated from a large cinder cone on the NE part of the caldera.
 The Pakiri River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally northwest from hills overlooking Leigh reaching the Pacific Ocean coast 20 kilometres west of Wellsford.
 Bull Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada. It is about 570 metres (1870 ft) long and 260 metres (853 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 358 metres (1175 ft) about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northeast of the community of Sioux Narrows. The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Mac Lake whose waters flow via the Black River into Lake of the Woods.
 The Tucila River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
 The Innere Schwarze Schneid is a mountain in the Weisskamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Colorado River is a river that runs through the U.S. state of Texas.The Colorado River is the 18th longest river in the United States and the longest river with both its source and mouth within Texas; its drainage basin and some of its usually dry tributaries extend into New Mexico.
 The Mizieș River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 Lago di Muzzano is a lake in Ticino Switzerland. It is bordered by the municipalities of Sorengo Muzzano and Collina d'Oro. Its surface area is 0.23 km². It drains into Lake Lugano.
 The Gypsey Race is a stream that runs through the villages of West Lutton East Lutton Helperthorpe Weaverthorpe Butterwick Foxholes Wold Newton Burton Fleming Rudston and Boynton. The stream flows into the North Sea in Bridlington harbour. The Gypsey Race rises in the Great Wold Valley through a series of springs and flows intermittently. According to folklore when the Gypsey Race is flowing bad fortune is at hand.
 The Whiskey Hills are a mountain range in Lake County Oregon.
 Keeney Knob is a mountain of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians in Summers County West Virginia. It is the highest point in Summers County. The mountain is the site of the WVNS-TV transmitter. The city nearest to Keeney Knob is Alderson.
 Tihonet Pond is an 89-acre (360000 m2) pond in Wareham Massachusetts. The Wankinco River flows through the pond. Tihonet village lies on the southern shore of the pond.Environmental Protection Agency
 The Balota River is a tributary of the Tur River in Romania.
 Rødungen is a lake in the municipalities of Ål and Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud county Norway.
 The Kinokawa or redundantly Kinokawa River (紀ノ川 or 紀の川 Kinokawa) is a river in Nara and Wakayama Prefecture in Japan. It is called Yoshino River (吉野川 Yoshinogawa) in Nara. It is 136 km long and has a watershed of 1660 km².The river rises from Mount Ōdaigahara and flows to the west. It pours into the sea at Wakayama city.
 Mahndorfer See is a lake in Bremen Germany. Its surface area is 22.4 ha.
 Table Rock Lake is an artificial lake or reservoir in The Ozarks of southwestern Missouri and northwestern Arkansas. The lake is impounded by Table Rock Dam constructed in 1954-1958 on the White River by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.It is one of the popular draws for the nearby town of Branson Missouri. There are several commercial marinas along the lake and Table Rock State Park is located on the east side both north and south of Table Rock Dam.
 Walling Pond is a privately owned pond that is open to the public for fishing. The pond located in Salem Oregon is owned by the Walling family. The pond is located at the original site of their sand and gravel processing plant at the northeast corner of McGilchrist and 16th Streets S.E. The pond is popular with bait anglers and produces stocked rainbow trout.
 Wildalpjoch is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Santa Quitéria River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Tazlina River is a 30-mile (48 km) tributary of the Copper River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Draining Tazlina Lake it flows generally east to meet the larger river 7 miles (11 km) southeast of Glennallen.
 Hanan Wak'a (Quechua hanan elevated high wak'a a local god of protection a sacred object or place high wak'a hispanicized spelling Hananhuaca) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Amazonas Region Utcubamba Province Cumba District near the little village of Tactago.Hanan Wak'a is a natural viewpoint with good views across the Marañón valley. Annually on June 24 a feast is celebrated on top of the mountain named Día de los Campesinos (Spanish for peasants' day).
 Puig d'Ombriaga is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2638 metres above sea level.
 Pizzo Paglia is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking the Val Cama in the canton of Graubünden. The border with Italy runs 200 metres south of the summit.
 Bachquellengraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Langsee is a lake in the Rostock district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 50.1 m its surface area is 0.82 km².
 The Vaalserberg (Mount Vaals) is a hill with a height of 322.7 metres (1059 ft) above NAP and the highest point in the European part of the Netherlands.
 The Fatra-Tatra Area (in geomorphology) or the Tatra-Fatra Belt of core mountains (in the geology) is a part of the Inner Western Carpathians a subprovince of the Western Carpathians. Most of the area lies in Slovakia with small parts reaching into Austria and Poland. The highest summit of the whole Carpathians the Gerlachovský štít at 2655 m (8711 ft) lies in the High Tatras range which belongs to this area.The Fatra-Tatra Area is from the northern side bounded by Pieniny Klippen Belt.
 Mount Zion (Hebrew: הַר צִיוֹן Har Tsiyyon; Arabic: جبل صهيون‎ Jabel Sahyoun) is a hill in Jerusalem just outside the walls of the Old City. Mount Zion has been historically associated with the Temple Mount. In the Bible Mount Zion is synonymous with Mount Moriah the site of the binding of Isaac and the Jewish Temple. The term is also used for the entire Land of Israel.
 Zapadnoye Lake (70°44′S 11°28′E) is a lake about 0.5 miles (0.8 km) long situated near the western end of the Schirmacher Hills Queen Maud Land. Mapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition in 1961 and named Ozero Zapadnoye (western lake).
 Santos-Dumont is a small lunar impact crater that lies in the northern end of the Montes Apenninus range at the eastern edge of the Mare Imbrium. This feature was previously designated Hadley B prior to being given a name by the IAU. It is located about 30 kilometers to the northeast of Mons Hadley a mountain massif.This crater is a circular bowl-shaped formation that is situated atop a ridge in the Montes Apenninus.
 Sierra de San Pedro Mártir (English: mountains of Saint Peter the Martyr) is a mountain range that is one of the Peninsular Ranges of the Baja California peninsula Mexico. At 3096 m (10157 ft) the highest peak is the Picacho del Diablo also known as Cerro de la Encantada or Picacho la Providencia.
 The Cotinguiba River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Milk Lake Glacier is located in the Glacier Peak Wilderness in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is within Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest and a little over 3 mi (4.8 km) northwest of Glacier Peak. Milk Lake Glacier disappeared sometime between 1984 and 1997 and by 2005 Milk Lake was situated where the glacier had once been.
 The River Don Navigation was the result of early efforts to make the River Don in South Yorkshire England navigable between Fishlake and Sheffield. The Dutch engineer Cornelius Vermuyden had re-routed the mouth of the river in 1626 to improve drainage and the new works included provision for navigation but the scheme did not solve the problem of flooding and the Dutch River was cut in 1635 to link the new channel to Goole.
 Stadsgraven is the canal which separates Christianshavn from the rest of Amager in Copenhagen Denmark. It was originally a moat located in front of the Christianshavn Rampart as part of the city's Bastioned Ring Fortifications.Stadsgraven was created when Christianshavn was constructed in the shallow waters off Amager in the early 17th century. Apart from the main Stads canal there is a parallel Inner Stadsgraven along its northern portion.
 The Teiu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Bonciu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Valea din Mijloc River is a headwater of the Bistra River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Pârâul Cald and Pârâul Rece
 Thrumshing La also called Thrumshingla Pass and Donga Pass (Dzongkha: ཁྲུམས་ཤིང་ལ་; Wylie: khrums-shing la; Thrumshing Pass) is the second-highest mountain pass in Bhutan connecting its central and eastern regions across the otherwise impregnable Donga range that has separated populations for centuries.
 Slieve Muck (/ˌsliːv ˈmʌk/ SLEEV MUK; from Irish: Sliabh Muc meaning pig mountain) is one of the Mourne Mountains in County Down Northern Ireland. It has a height of 674 metres (2211 ft). Its summit overlooks Spelga Dam and the Deer's Meadow the source of the River Bann.
 The Frumoasa River is a tributary of the Șomuzul Mare River in Romania.
 Lake Corpus Christi is a reservoir in coastal southern Texas. The lake was created in by the impounding of Wesley E. Seale Dam. The lake and the dam that creates it are managed by the City of Corpus Christi. Lake Corpus Christi was originally known as Lake Lovenskiold.
 The Kupa (Croatian) or Kolpa (Slovene from Latin: Colapis in Roman times) river a right tributary of the Sava forms a natural border between north-west Croatia and southeast Slovenia. It is 297 kilometres (185 miles) long with its border part having a length of 118 km (73 mi) and the rest located in Croatia.
 The Äusser Rothorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Saas-Balen in the canton of Valais. It lies at the western end of the Rothorngrat descending from the Senggchuppa.
 Beşparmak Mountains (Latmus; (Ancient Greek: Λάτμος)) is a ridge of many spurs running in an east-west direction along the north shore of the former Latmian Gulf on the coast of Caria which became part of Hellenised Ionia. The city of Latmus located on the south slopes of Mount Latmus 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of Miletus was originally a port on the narrow gulf as reported by Strabo.
 The Comăncuța River is a tributary of the Comanca River in Romania.
 The Baro River (known to the Anuak as Upeno River) is a river in southwestern Ethiopia which defines part of Ethiopia's border with South Sudan. From its source in the Ethiopian Highlands it flows west for 306 kilometres (190 mi) to join the Pibor River. The Baro-Pibor confluence marks the beginning of the Sobat River a tributary of the White Nile.The Baro and its tributaries drain a watershed 41400 km2 (16000 sq mi) in size.
 Poison Pond is a small freshwater lake in the Temagami region of Northeastern Ontario Canada located near Pecours Bay of Snake Island Lake. Poison Pond is in the White Bear Forest and is typically approached from the Peregrine Trail which adjoins the Red Fox Trail to the west.
 The Dachstein Mountains (German: Dachsteingebirge) are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps. The term is used by the Austrian Alpine Club in its classification of the Eastern Alps as one of the 24 sub-ranges of the Northern Limestone Alps (AVE No.
 The Sangone is a torrent river in Piedmont north-western Italy.
 Surprise Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 479 along Timpa Creek Creek.Surprise Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 Kittelbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Bieber is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Slivna River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
 The Viggarbach –also: Mühltaler Bach – originates out of the Blue Lake and flows through the valley with the same name in western direction and merges near Schönberg with the Sill River. The creek has a slight elliptical course with a length of 9 km.The rapid small creek keeps its Grade A water quality in the whole course but gets dangerous at high water or strong rain.
 Mount Clairvaux is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. Clairvaux is the French word for clear valleys..
 The Cândețu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 The Stogu River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 San Pedro River is a river of Chile located in the Antofagasta Region of northern Chile. It is formed at the confluence of the Grande and Salado (also known as Chuschul) rivers. Grande River begins at the confluence of the Jauna and Putana rivers and downstream receives the waters of the Machuca River.
 The Dăescu River is a tributary of the Boia Mare River in Romania.
 The Água Fria River (Braço Menor) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Shingobee River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Loir is a river in western France. It is a left tributary of the Sarthe River. Its source is in the Eure-et-Loir département north of Illiers-Combray. It joins the river Sarthe in Briollay north of the city Angers.It is indirectly a tributary of the Loire and runs roughly parallel to it and slightly north of it for much of its length and so might be regarded as a Yazoo type river.
 Tahual is a stratovolcano in southern Guatemala.
 The Gros Van (2189 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking the Col des Mosses in the canton of Vaud. It lies on the range between the Lac de l'Hongrin and the valley of Ormont-Dessous.
 The Marecchia (pronounced [maˈɾekːi̯a]) is a river in eastern Italy. In ancient times it was known as the Ariminus which was from the Greek Ariminos Αριμινος (which is also the ancient name of Rimini). The source of the river is near Monte dei Frati which is east of Pieve Santo Stefano and southwest of Badia Tedalda in the province of Arezzo in Tuscany. It flows northeast into the province of Pesaro and Urbino in the Marche and is the only river that runs through Montefeltro.
 Note: do not confuse with “Lac Bouton” (Button lake) located in the Lejeune Township in Sainte-Thècle whose former name was Lac Croche” (Croche Lake).Croche Lake (Lac Croche in French) is located in Sainte-Thècle in the Mekinac Regional County Municipality in Mauricie in Quebec Canada. From the beginning of the colonization of Sainte-Thècle (from 1867) the area around the lake was used for forestry and agriculture. By the mid- 20th Century the resort has grown intensely.
 The Gunnison River is a tributary of the Colorado River 164 miles (264 km) long in the Southwest state of Colorado. It is the fifth largest tributary of the Colorado River with a mean flow of 4320 ft³/s (122 m³/s).
 The Aiguille de la Vanoise is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Vanoise massif mountain range in the commune of Pralognan-la-Vanoise. It has an altitude of 2796 metres above sea level and is known for its great North Face which is 300 to 400m high.
 Gardy's Millpond is a 75 acres (30.35 ha) reservoir located in a tranquil setting along the Westmoreland and Northumberland county line in Northeast Virginia.The millpond is relatively shallow with an average depth of about 4 ft (1 m). The upstream portion of the impoundment is swampy and the shoreline is largely forested.
 Crane Creek is a stream in Sonoma County California USA which rises in the northern Sonoma Mountains. This watercourse flows through Crane Canyon and the Crane Creek Regional Park situated on the northwestern flank of Sonoma Mountain. Crane Creek forms a confluence with Hinebaugh Creek in the city of Rohnert Park; thereafter the channelized Hinebaugh Creek flows westerly to discharge to the Laguna de Santa Rosa.
 Neely Henry Lake is located on the Coosa River near Gadsden Alabama. The lake was formed by the Neely Henry Dam (57 ft high) built in 1966 by Alabama Power Company for hydroelectric power and recreation.Completed on June 2 1966 the dam and reservoir were named for H. Neely Henry a senior executive vice-president of Alabama Power.
 Watchaug pond is a kettle pond (lake) located at the southern tip of Rhode Island in the town of Charlestown. It is surrounded by nature trails and is near the Audubon Society's Kimball Wildlife Refuge. The 573-acre (2.32 km2) pond is within 3000 acres (12 km2) of public land. To access the public cement boat ramp at this pond follow Prosser Trail to Sanctuary Road.
 The Bocktschingel is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Uri and Glarus. It lies south-east of the Klausen Pass on the range east of the Clariden.
 The Râul Roșu is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Valea Mare River and Valea Mică River
 Cumberland Sound (Inuit: Kangiqtualuk) (other names: Cumberland Straits; Hogarth Sound; Northumberland Inlet) is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is a western arm of the Labrador Sea located between Baffin Island's Hall Peninsula and the Cumberland Peninsula.
 Goose Lake is a large alkaline glacial lake located in the Goose Lake Valley on the Oregon–California border. The north portion of the lake is in Lake County Oregon and the south portion is in Modoc County California. The mountains at the north end of the lake are part of the Fremont National Forest and the south end of the lake is adjacent to Modoc National Forest lands.
 Dettmers Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Beaver Lake Mountains are an 8-mile (13 km) long small mountain range located in central and north Beaver County Utah adjacent the south border of Millard County.The range is bordered on the east by the Beaver River as it flows due-north past Milford and the small Milford Valley; the river leaves the southeast section of the Escalante Desert but the Beaver River comes from the east Beaver Valley and the south terminus of the Mineral Mountains-(Minersville Reservoir).The Beaver River flows due north to meet the Sevier River but agricultural use prevents continuous flow through the southwest Sevier Desert region.
 The Leão River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Willis Lake Waverley is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality in Waverley Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Nida [ˈɲida] is a river in central Poland a left tributary of the Vistula river into which it flows near Nowy Korczyn). The Nida has a length of 151 kilometres (29th longest) and a basin area of 3865 km2. This includes the protected area called Nida Landscape Park.The Nida itself is made of two smaller rivers the White Nida and the Black Nida which merge in the village of Brzegi (near Checiny). It is a typical lowland river with little difference in the water level.
 MacDowell Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 The Jaleş River or Sohodol River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 The Valea Mărului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Frânca River is a tributary of the Orjogoaia River in Romania.
 The Câinele River or Rarița River is a tributary of the Olăneşti River in Romania.
 The Curiaú River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Pleasant River is a 4.7-mile-long (7.6 km) river in Oxford County Maine in the United States. It is a tributary of the Androscoggin River which flows east and south to join the Kennebec River in Merrymeeting Bay near the Atlantic Ocean.There are three other rivers in Maine named Pleasant River but only one that is a tributary of the Androscoggin River. This Pleasant River has two main tributaries the West Branch Pleasant River and the East Branch Pleasant River.
 Bartenstein is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Lanserbach - also called Mühlbach - flows from Lans alongside the Paschberg to Aldrans and merges with the Inn river after 17 km at the eastern edge of Innsbruck. Below Castle Ambras the Aldranser brook joins the Lanserbach. The brook has a meander-like headwater and fed Lake Mühl with fresh water formerly. The brook has grade A- quality and supplies Aldrans and environment with drinking water by a service reservoir in the village. Normally the waters are relatively calm.
 The Glacier Noir (French for black glacier) is a glacier in the Massif des Écrins in the French Alps. It is located in the département of Hautes-Alpes.
 The Wheao River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. An upper tributary of the Rangitaiki River it flows predominantly north through the Kaingaroa Forest to reach the Rangitaiki south of Murupara.
 Camaderry (Irish: Sliabh Céim an Doire meaning step/pass of the oak-wood) is a mountain in the Wicklow Mountains just south of the Wicklow Gap in County Wicklow which runs over the gap between it and Tonelagee Mountain.
 The Turea River or Şomtelec River is a tributary of the Nadăş River in Romania.
 Crystal Lake is located in Silver Lake Ohio. It is one of the two man made lakes in the village.
 Wannigsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Elmer Davis Lake is a 149-acre (0.60 km2) reservoir in Owen County Kentucky. It was created in 1958 by the Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources and was named for a former commissioner of that department.
 The Sierrita Mountains (English: Little Mountains) is a minor mountain range about forty miles southwest of Tucson in Pima County Arizona. Historically the area has seen extensive mining and ranching activity: several ranches abandoned mines and the large Sierrita Mine are located in the area. The highest point in the mountains is Keystone Peak which rises to 6188 feet (1886 m).The Santa Cruz Valley bounds the range to the east separating it from the Santa Rita Mountains.
 The Bolovanul River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 Stepenitz is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Heidelsberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Kitakami River (北上川 Kitakami-gawa) is the fourth largest river in Japan and the largest in the Tōhoku region. It is 249 kilometres (155 mi) long and drains an area of 10150 square kilometres (3920 sq mi). It flows through mostly rural areas of Iwate and Miyagi Prefectures. The river is unusual in that it has two mouths one flowing south into Ishinomaki Bay and the other flowing east into the Pacific Ocean both in Ishinomaki City.
 The Sub Carpathians of Curvature Ciucaş or Curvature Carpathians are located between Trotus Valley and Slanicul Buzaului Valley in Romania.
 The Great Range is a mountain range in the Adirondack Mountains near Keene Valley New York USA. It rises in the heart of the High Peaks region between Ausable Lakes to the southeast and the Johns Brook Valley to the northwest.The range is approximately twelve miles long and includes seven of the forty-six High Peaks.
 The Hersey River is a 13.4-mile-long (21.6 km) stream in the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. It rises in Lincoln Township in northwest Osceola County at the junction of Hersey Creek and the East Branch Hersey Creek at 43°50′55″N 85°25′59″W. For approximately the first two miles the river flows southward just east of U.S. Route 131. US 131 crosses the river near the northern boundary of Richmond Township.
 Thorvaldson Lake is a fresh water lake in Northern Saskatchewan named after Thorbergur Thorvaldson in 1966.
 Jack's Jump is a subglacial volcano in east-central British Columbia Canada located at the northeastern end of Wells Gray Provincial Park.
 The Părăginosu River is a tributary of the Rudăreasa River in Romania
 The Arraias River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Theravil Aru (or Toravil Aru) is a river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in central Mullaitivu District before flowing north through Mullaitivu District and Kilinochchi District. The river empties into Chundikkulam Lagoon.
 Watchman Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1902 by James Outram.
 The Camaraipe River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Mont Blava is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking the Lac des Dix in the canton of Valais.
 The Patience River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 Weierstrass is a small lunar crater that is attached to the northern rim of the walled plain Gilbert in the eastern part of the Moon. It also lies very near the crater Van Vleck a similar formation just to the southeast that is almost attached to the outer rim. Due to its location the crater appears foreshortened as seen from the Earth.The crater has an oval-shaped outer rim that is longer along an east–west axis. There are some slumped shelves along the inner walls to the north and south.
 Aryabhata named after Indian astronomer Aryabhata (see picture) is the remnant of a lunar impact crater located in the eastern Mare Tranquillitatis. The crater has been almost submerged by lava-flow and now only an arc-shaped ridge formed from the eastern half of the rim remains above the lunar mare. This crater was previously identified as Maskelyne E before being named by the IAU.
 Garcitas Creek is a river in Texas that La Salle and his men populated. They started a fort around it because it was their only source of fresh water. the fort was Fort Saint Louis named after the current king of France. The river (actually a small creek) was polluted by the colonists and eventually they began to die of thirst.
 Billy Jones Lake is a tarn located on Hurricane Divide in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of Northeastern Oregon United States. It is situated less than one mile from Echo Lake. It is the second highest lake in the Eagle Cap Wilderness at 8400 ft (2600 m) though some claim it to be slightly higher at 8419 ft (2566 m) or 8435 ft (2571 m).
 The Șigău River is a tributary of the Mara River in Romania.
 The Glodu River is a tributary of the Ialomicioara River in Romania.
 Bad Marriage Mountain (8350 feet (2545 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The mountain was named by Superintendent E. T. Scoyen for a Blackfoot Indian leader Bad Married. Bad Marriage Mountain became the accepted colloquial name. At one time the summit was called Elk Tongue by J.W. Schultz an early chronicler of park geography and activities.
 Masaya is a caldera located 20 km south of Managua Nicaragua. It is Nicaragua's first and largest National Park and one of 78 protected areas of Nicaragua. The complex volcano is composed of a nested set of calderas and craters the largest of which is Las Sierras shield volcano and caldera. Within this caldera lies a sub-vent which is Masaya Volcano sensu stricto. The vent is a shield type composing of basaltic lavas and tephras and includes a summit crater.
 Herbst Glacier is located in the US state of Montana in Glacier National Park. The glacier is northeast of Mount Custer and lies above Lake Nooney at an elevation between 7000 ft (2100 m) and 8000 ft (2400 m) above sea level. Immediately east of the Continental Divide the glacier covers an area of approximately 13 acres (5.3 ha) and does not meet the threshold of 25 acres (10 ha) often cited as being the minimum size to qualify as an active glacier.
 The Dalon is a river in the Limousin (Corrèze department) and the Aquitaine (Dordogne department) regions of France. It is a left tributary of the Auvézère river.The river begins in the commune of Segonzac in Corrèze. The river empties into the Auvézère at the left bank southwest of Génis in Dordogne.
 Bakestall is a fell in the English Lake District it is situated seven kilometres north of Keswick in the quieter even secluded northern sector of the national park known as Back o' Skiddaw.
 The Santău River or Cehal River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
 Mynydd Perfedd is a mountain in Snowdonia Wales forming part of the Glyderau. The summit has a shelter cairn offering good views of Foel-goch's north-eastern face and the Carneddau.Between it and Carnedd y Filiast there are dramatic cliffs to the east including the famous Atlantic Slab. To the south lies the parent peak Elidir Fawr to the west Carnedd y Filaist and to the east Foel-goch and Y Garn. It is 812 metres (2664 ft) high.
 Wetzstein is a low mountain of Hesse Germany. It is located north of Stadtallendorf and west of Schwalmstadt.
 Dome Glacier is in Snoqualmie National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the north slopes of Dome Peak. Dome Glacier flows generally west for a distance of approximately .80 mi (1.29 km) maintaining a generally shallow gradient between 8600 to 7600 ft (2600 to 2300 m) at which point it descends in a large icefall to approximately 6900 ft (2100 m). An arête separates the glacier from Dana Glacier to the northwest and Chickamin Glacier to the east.
 Shawnee Peak elevation 11932 ft (3637 m) is a summit in the Kenosha Mountains of central Colorado. The peak is in the Lost Creek Wilderness of Pike National Forest west of Bailey.
 Mount Dickerson is a prominent mountain standing 6 km (4 mi) east of Mount Kirkpatrick in the Queen Alexandra Range in East Antarctica. The mountain was named by US-ACAN for LCDR Richard G. Dickerson US Navy VX-6 aircraft commander during US naval operations in 1964.
 The Valea Boului River is a tributary of the Horezu River in Romania.
 The Gozna River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Yanawai River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Driesh (Gaelic: Dris) is a mountain located in the Grampians of Scotland. Together with neighbouring Mayar (928m / 3044 feet) it is one of the most easterly of the Munro peaks.Located a few miles north of the village of Kirriemuir in Angus the closeness of Driesh to the city of Dundee makes it a popular Munro with locals; in many ways making it the Dundonian equivalent to Ben Lomond near Glasgow.
 Kravikfjorden is a lake in the municipality of Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud county Norway. It is a part of Numedalslågen.
 The Hurez River is a tributary of the Ciolt River in Romania.
 The Râmnicel River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 The Kerikeri River is a short river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows into the northern shore of Raglan Harbour.The valley is largely along the line of the fault on the eastern edge of Whaingaroa Harbour. It flows over Coleman Conglomerate and at its lower end blue-grey Puti Siltstone both of Puaroan age (about 150 million years ago).From about 1870 Sam and Tom Wilson ran a flax mill powered by a wheel in the river.
 Didicas Volcano is an active volcanic island in the province of Cagayan in northern Philippines. The island which reemerged from the sea in 1952 is located 22 kilometres (14 mi) NE of Camiguin Island one of the Babuyan Islands in Luzon Strait. Prior to 1952 the volcano first breached the ocean surface in 1857.
 The Sturgeon River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Manitoba and Ontario Canada. It flows west from its source in Unorganized Kenora District Northwestern Ontario through Sturgeon Lake and takes in the right tributary Hayhurst River just before reaching its mouth at the Echoing River in Northern Region Manitoba. The Echoing River flows via the Gods River and the Hayes River to Hudson Bay.
 Tamhini Ghat is a mountain passage located between Mulshi and Tamhini in Maharashtra India for road.Situated on the crest of the Western Ghat mountain ranges Tamhini Ghat is noted for its surroundings comprising scenic waterfalls lakes and dense woods.
 T'utura Qucha (Quechua t'utura totora qucha lake totora lake hispanicized spellings Totora Khocha Totora Kocha Totora Qhocha Totora Qocha Totora Q'ocha) is a Bolivian lake located in the Cochabamba Department Tiraque Province Tiraque Municipality Tiraque Canton situated about 3758 m high.
 The Brădățel River is a tributary of the Șomuzul Mare River in Romania.
 The White Mountains is a 71-mile (115 km) mountain range in the Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area of the U.S. state of Alaska. It lies between Beaver Creek and Preacher Creek and was named by prospectors for its composition of white limestone. The range reaches a maximum elevation of 3176 feet (968 m). Some of the range is located in the White Mountains National Recreation Area a 1-million-acre (4000 km2) wilderness just 30 miles (48 km) north of Fairbanks.
 The Pfeifferhorn is the 11326 feet (3452 m) triangularly-shaped peak located in the most isolated part of the Lone Peak Wilderness Area of Utah's Wasatch Mountains. This rugged Utah mountain commonly referred to as the Little Matterhorn is the fifth-highest peak in the Wasatch Range. The summit can be reached by hiking though some scrambling is required. There are several technical rock climbing routes with the north ridge being the most popular.
 Hergest Ridge is a large elongated hill which traverses the border between England and Wales between the town of Kington in Herefordshire and the village of Gladestry in Powys. Its highest point which is in England is 1397 feet high.
 The Cungrea Mică River or Cungrișoara River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Mataesan is a mountain of North Korea. It has an altitude of 1745 metres
 The Fourche River is a minor tributary of the Black River located in Northeast Arkansas and ending in Randolph County Arkansas near Pocahontas where it enters the Black River. The Fourche River flows for 32.4 miles (52.1 km) in Missouri and Arkansas.
 The Tuross River an open semi-mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial stream is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Valea cu Apă River is a tributary of the Ciorani River in Romania.
 Little Swan Lake is an artificial lake in southeastern Warren County in the U.S. state of Illinois due west of the village of Avon. The lake is impounded by Little Swan Lake Dam completed in 1967.
 The Carchi River is a river of Ecuador.
 Percé Rock (French Rocher Percé pierced rock) is a huge sheer rock formation in the Gulf of Saint Lawrence on the tip of the Gaspé Peninsula in Quebec Canada off Percé Bay. Percé Rock appears from a distance like a ship under sail. It is one of the world's largest natural arches located in water and is considered a geologically and historically-rich natural icon of Quebec. It is a major attraction in the Gaspesie region.
 The Río Puerto Nuevo is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Crescent Lake is a lake located in Tofte Township and Lutsen Township Cook County Minnesota.
 Mount Yamanlar (Turkish: Yamanlar Dağı) is a mountain in İzmir Turkey located within the boundaries of the Greater Metropolitan Area of the city.Easily accessible from Izmir Yamanlar is a popular excursion spot for the inhabitants of the city. It is served by a steep well maintained road. A village of the same name as the mountain (Yamanlar) is found on its slopes on the road to the summit.
 Mount Tatlow is one of the principal summits of the Chilcotin Ranges subdivision of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains of southern British Columbia. Standing on an isolated ridge between the lower end of Chilko Lake and the Taseko Lakes it is 3063 m (10049 ft) in elevation.
 Antietam Lake is a reservoir located in Berks County Pennsylvania entirely within the Antietam Lake Park. The lake was formerly owned by the city of Reading. It was purchased by Berks County in 2006.
 Warbel is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Vișag River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 The Hinterrugg (or Hinderrugg) is the highest peak of the Churfirsten group located in the Appenzell Alps. It overlooks the town of Walenstadt and the lake in the canton of St. Gallen. The summit is easily accessible via the Chäserrugg cable car station (2262 metres) above Unterwasser in Toggenburg.The Hinterrugg is a well-known location for BASE jumping.
 La Sarca Lake is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 136 m its surface area is 26 km².
 The Glodul Mare River is a tributary of the Secu River in Romania.
 The Gore Range (elevation approximately 12000 ft) is a mountain range in the Rocky Mountains of north central Colorado in the United States. The range runs for approximately 60 miles (100 km) northwest-to-southeast through western Grand and Summit counties and eastern Routt and Eagle counties. They form the southern extension of the Park Range extending southward from Rabbit Ears Pass (U.S. Highway 40) to the Eagle River near Vail.
 Fridman is the remains of a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies due south of the huge walled plain Hertzsprung and is attached to the northeastern rim of the crater Ioffe.This crater lies in the southern part of the ejecta blanket that encircles Hertzsprung and in the west-northwestern part of the huge ejecta blanket surrounding the Mare Orientale impact basin. The outer rim of this crater is heavily damaged with a number of smaller craters lying across the sides.
 Liberty Peak is the name given to the officially unnamed peak west of Liberty Pass in Elko County. It is located in the northeast portion of the state of Nevada in the western United States within the Ruby Mountains Wilderness Area. It rises from the head of Lamoille Canyon and is a major part of the view at the Road's End Trailhead. To the southeast are Liberty Lake and Kleckner Canyon while to the northwest is Box Canyon.
 Lake Torrens is a salt lake in central South Australia. It is located in the Lake Torrens National Park. Lake Torrens lies between the Arcoona Plateau to the west and the Flinders Ranges to the east. It stretches approximately 200 km in length and 30 km in average width. The lake filled in 1897 and again in April 1989. It has a thin salt crust with red-brown clays beneath which are soft and boggy. Lake Torrens is approximately 30 m above sea level.
 The Jangu River is a tributary of the Râul Doamnei in Romania.
 The Neagu River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Joagăru River is a tributary of the Valea Strâmbă River in Romania.
 Mill Creek rises in Montgomery County Pennsylvania; runs southeasterly to West Philadelphia where it enters 19th-century sewer pipes; and debouches roughly five miles later in the Schuylkill River near The Woodlands Cemetery. The creek which drains about 5000 acres (20 km2) gave its name to a neighborhood in Philadelphia that it flows under.
 The Zufrittspitze is a mountain in the Ortler Alps on the border between South Tyrol and Trentino Italy.
 Gavia Pass (Italian: Passo di Gavia) (el. 2621 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Italian Alps. It is the tenth highest paved road in the Alps.The pass lies in the Lombardy region and divides the province of Sondrio to the north and the province of Brescia to the south. The road over the pass (SS 300) connects Bormio to the northwest with Ponte di Legno to the south and is single track most on its southern section.
 The Drakensberg (derived from the Afrikaans name Drakensberge meaning Dragon Mountains) is the name given to the eastern portion of the Great Escarpment which encloses the central Southern African plateau. The Great Escarpment reaches its greatest altitude in this region (2000 – 3000 m).
 Buck Creek is a 20.3-mile-long (32.7 km) tributary of the Grand River in Kent and Allegan counties in the U.S. state of Michigan. It rises in northern Allegan County in Byron and Gaines townships and flows through the cities of Kentwood and Wyoming as an urban stream to enter the Grand River in Grandville.
 Pioneer Bay is a waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It lies off the southwestern coast of Devon Island in the eastern high Arctic. Like Baring Bay to the south and Prince Alfred Bay to the north it is an arm of Wellington Channel.
 The Ambato River is a river of Ecuador. It flows near the city of Ambato. It empties into the Pastaza River and ultimately via the Amazon into the Atlantic Ocean.
 Macumba River also once known as Treuer River is an ephemeral freshwater stream in the far north of South Australia.The river rises at the base of Macumba Hill and where the Alberga River joins with Hamilton and Currallulla creeks it then flows in a south easterly direction entering the Kalamurina Sanctuary and eventually discharges into the Warburton River near the north eastern side of Lake Eyre. The Macumba is situated in an arid region the Simpson Desert and flows only very rarely.
 Mount Ascutney is a monadnock located in southern Vermont. With a summit elevation of about 3130 feet (954 m.) it is not the highest peak in Windsor County Vermont which is Gillespie Peak to the west. Particularly noteworthy about Ascutney are its granite outcrops one of which near its peak serves as a launching point for hang-gliders.
 Ybbs (German pronunciation: [ˈɪps]) is a river in Lower Austria and in Austria also the common short form to designate the little town Ybbs an der Donau.Its source is located on the Zellerrain Pass near Mariazell.
 The Rein da Tuma is a river in Switzerland in the Canton of Graubünden. It rises east of the Rossbodenstock with two or three mountain streams that flow across the Tuma Alp into the Lake Toma (German: Tomasee Romansh: Lai da Tuma). Before they reach the lake they flow through a plane and form small meanders. The Rein da Tuma flows out of Lake Toma on the north east and flows as Anterior Rhine past the village of Tschamut in the municipality of Tujetsch.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Veľký Kriváň is the highest mountain in the Lesser Fatra.
 Mount Brown (8565 feet (2611 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.It was named for William Brown of Chicago then Solicitor General for the Chicago and Alton Railroad by some members of his party on a camping and fishing trip to the area around Lake McDonald in 1894. The companions Charles H. Russell (not the artist) and Frank A. Johnson climbed this mountain that arose back of their camp and so named it.
 Avoca Lake formerly known as Avoca Lagoon and as Bulbararing Lagoon is an intermittently closed intermediate saline coastal lagoon that is located on the Central Coast region of New South Wales Australia. Avoca Lake is located between the beachside settlements of North Avoca and Avoca Beach and adjacent to the east coast about 85 kilometres (53 mi) north of Sydney.
 The Renneckenberg is a 933 metres (3061 ft) high mountain in the Harz mountain range of central Germany within the borough of Wernigerode. It runs as a ridge from the Zeterklippen crags in the northwest to the Kapellenklippe in the southeast and lies close to the road from Schierke to the Brocken the highest mountain in the Harz. There are several small rock formations around the summit that apart from the Brockenkinder (Brocken children) are unnamed. South of the peak is a ski hut.
 Sredinny Range (Russian: Срединный хребет) is a mountain range in Kamchatka Russia at 56°N 158°E. It stretches from northeast to southwest along the center of the peninsula and is made up of volcanoes mostly shield volcanoes and stratovolcanoes. The highest peak of the range is Ichinsky a stratovolcano some 3607 metres (11834 ft)) high.
 Ovda Regio is a region on Venus that forms the western part of Aphrodite Terra. Magellan images show a complex surface with several generations of structures. A pervasive fabric of irregular broad domes and ridges and associated curvilinear valleys was flooded by lava then fractured. The circular feature surrounded by dark lava flows in the western part of the image is a caldera or large volcanic collapse pit. Late-stage extension created long graben or fault-bounded valleys are seen.
 Matchedash Bay is a bay and Ramsar wetland in Simcoe County in Central Ontario Canada. It is the final inland extension of Severn Sound on Lake Huron's Georgian Bay and is situated at the interface between the Saint Lawrence Lowlands and the Canadian Shield . It exhibits geologically unique features at the junction of the Canadian Shield and southern Ontario limestone. Wetland habitats in Matchedash Bay are varied and include swamps fens cattail marshes wet meadows and beaver ponds.
 Göscheneralpsee is a lake in the municipality of Göschenen Canton of Uri Switzerland. The volume of the reservoir is 76 mio m³ and its surface area 1.32 km².
 The Cannon Balls is a mountain ridge located in Grafton County New Hampshire. It is part of the Kinsman Range of the White Mountains. The ridge has three peaks with elevations of from west to east 3693 3660 and 3769 feet (1125 1115 and 1148 meters). The ridge takes its name from adjacent Cannon Mountain on which a series of boulders when viewed from the foot of the mountain resemble an antique artillery cannon.
 The Murovdag (also spelled as Murovdagh Azerbaijani: Murovdağ) or Mrav (Armenian: Մռավի լեռնաշղթա - Mravi Lernash'ghta) is the highest mountain range in the Lesser Caucasus. The range is about 70 kilometres (43 mi) long and Gamish Mountain is its highest peak at 3724 metres (12218 ft). It is made up mainly of Jurassic Cretaceous and Paleogene rocks.The Murovdag ridge extends north from Hinaldag Peak through Gamish (or Gomshasar) Mountain.
 Arujärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The Râul Lacului or Lacul River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 The Bârnărel River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Rancheros Creek is a tributary stream of the Sabinal River in Medina County and Uvalde County Texas.Rancheros Creek runs 26 miles from its source in hills 10 miles south of Uvalde Texas. It runs southeast for a few miles being joined from the left bank by Comanche Creek then to Comanche Waterhole where it has its confluence with Little Comanche Creek before turning to the southwest and running to its confluence with the Sabinal River four miles south of Sabinal.
 The Craica River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 The Bratocea River is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
 The Falls River New Zealand is a river in the Tasman District of New Zealand. It arises in the Pikikiruna Range near Mount Evans and flows north-east and then east through the Abel Tasman National Park into Tasman Bay at Sandfly Bay. The river is named because it falls more than 1000 metres in 10 km.
 The Goața Mică River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Mocorón River is a river in Honduras renowned for its religious importance.
 Blåhø (Vågå) is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Mount Geraneia (Greek: Γεράνεια) is a mountain range in Corinthia and West Attica Greece. Its highest point is the peak Makryplagi elevation 1351 m. It covers the northern part of the isthmus between the Gulf of Corinth and the Saronic Gulf. It spans 5-10 km from north to south and 30 km from east to west. The geography of Geraneia includes forests in the south the west and the northern part at an elevation of under 900 to 1000 m. Barren land is in the central part.
 Formica Leo named for its similar shape to the pitfall built by the antlion is a small volcanic crater of the Piton de la Fournaise (French): Peak of the Furnace the active volcano on the eastern side of Réunion island (a French department) in the Indian Ocean. It is located at the bottom of the caldera called Enclos Fouqué just beneath the mountain pass Pas de Bellecombe.
 Firmicus is a lunar crater that lies in the eastern part of the Moon's near side so that from Earth it appears oval in shape due to foreshortening. It is however very nearly circular. The crater is located to the west of the Mare Undarum and northeast of the similar-sized crater Apollonius. To the north of Firmicus are the craters van Albada and Auzout.
 The Xinxim River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Two Hearted River is a river in the eastern Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan.The river runs approximately 23.6 miles (38.0 km) through forested wilderness and drains into Lake Superior. It rises in several short branches in northeastern Luce County about 15 miles (24 km) southeast of Grand Marais. The North and West branches meet approximately 8 miles (13 km) south-southeast of Muskallonge Lake State Park.
 The Middle Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert within the Mojave National Preserve in eastern San Bernardino County southern California.
 The Sovata River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Red Shirt Table is a table mountain in Shannon County South Dakota part of the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation of the Oglala Sioux Tribe. The table named after Chief Red Shirt is approximately 10 miles (16 km) long generally extending in a north-south direction and is located along the western boundary of Badlands National Park's Stronghold Unit. The park's highest point is located at the southern end of the table at 3340 feet (1020 m).
 Achit Lake (Mongolian: Ачит Нуур) is the largest freshwater lake in the Uvs Aimag (province) of Mongolia in the west of the country. At an elevation of 1435 m above sea level it covers an area of 290 km². It is 28 km long 16 km wide and 10 m deep. The coast is covered with steppes mostly hilly but swampy on the northwest and northeast. Several rivers also flow into the lake.
 The Jamari River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Krösselberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Xavantinho River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Barboșica River is a tributary of the Păiș River in Romania.
 Mount Anglem is the highest point on New Zealand's Stewart Island/Rakiura. It is located 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of Oban New Zealand close to the island's north coast and rises to an elevation of 980 metres (3215 ft) above sea level.Mount Anglem offers stunning views especially inland looking west onto the floodplains. The southern tip of the south island is visible on a clear day.
 River Tud is a tributary of the River Wensum Norfolk in the East of England. The Tud's source is just south of East Dereham and it flows in an easterly direction for 14 miles (23 km) to its confluence with the Wensum below Hellesdon mill.
 The Tswapong Hills are a mountain range in the Central District Botswana. They rise at an elevation of 300 to 400 m above the hardveld of the almost 900 m high surrounding plateau. Geologically these flat-topped hills are similar to the Waterberg Massif located about 100 km to the south.The Tswapong Range receives relatively more moisture than the surrounding sandy plain of Mopane woodland.
 The Little Scioto River is a tributary of the Ohio River about 42.8 miles (68.9 km) long in southern Ohio in the United States. Via the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 233 square miles (600 km2).The Little Scioto River rises in western Jackson County and flows generally southwardly into Scioto County near Minford.
 Zhang Yuzhe is a lunar impact crater located on the Lunar far side near the southern pole. The crater is located between the prominent craters Crommelin and Zeeman. Zhang Yuzhe was adopted and named after Chinese astronomer Zhang Yuzhe by the IAU in August 2010.
 Kirigalpoththa is the 2nd tallest mountain in Sri Lanka at 2388 m (7835 ft) above mean sea level and is also the highest mountain in the country whose summit is accessible to the general public (the highest point Pidurutalagala is occupied by a military base and off-limits to the public). The peak is situated near the city of Nuwara Eliya within the Nuwara Eliya District.
 The Cordillera Real is a mountain range in the South American Altiplano of Bolivia. This range of fold mountains largely composed of granite is located southeast of Lake Titicaca and east of the Bolivian capital of La Paz measuring 125 km in length and 20 km in width. Despite the fact that it is only 17° south of the Equator the Cordillera Real is relatively densely glaciated. This is due to its proximity to the Amazon lowlands with its associated moist air masses.
 The Enza is a river in northern Italy a right affluence of the Po River. Its source is at the Alpe di Succiso in the northern Apennines (Tuscan-Emilian Apennines) at 1406 m. The Enza is the current boundary of the provinces of Parma and Reggio Emilia.After the source at 1157 it forms the Paduli or Lagastrello artificial lake and flows for 93 km in the aforementioned provinces.
 Guy Fawkes River a perennial stream that is part of the Clarence River catchment is located in the New England and Northern Tablelands districts of New South Wales Australia.
 The Valea Ascunsă River is a tributary of the Râul Alb in Romania.
 Winthrop is the remnant of a lunar crater that has been flooded by lava from the Oceanus Procellarum. It lies across the western rim of the much larger crater Letronne a much larger feature that has been nearly destroyed by the intruding mare lavas. All that survives of Winthrop are a few segments of the outer rim.Winthrop was previously identified as Letronne P before being renamed by the IAU.
 The Bullfrog Hills are a small range of mountains in southern Nye County Nevada. The historic Rhyolite Nevada mining district was in the Bullfrog Hills and the Tonopah and Tidewater Railroad crossed the hills to its Rhyolite station via the Bullfrog Goldfield Railroad. The Bullfrog mining district was located along the south margin of the hills.
 Lake Lovering (French: Lac Lovering) is a lake located in the Memphrémagog Regional County Municipality of the Estrie region of Quebec Canada. It is located south of the city of Magog.Lake Lovering is 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) long by 0.75 kilometres (0.47 mi) wide. It has a surface area of 4.6 square kilometres (1.8 sq mi) and an average depth of 25 metres (82 ft).
 Yanaqucha (Quechua yana black very dark qucha lake black lake hispanicized spelling Yanacocha) is a lake in the Junín Region in Peru.
 Hemmelsdorfer See is a lake in Eastern Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of -0.10 m its surface area is 4.48 km².
 Lake El Toyonal is a small lake in Contra Costa County California in an unincorporated area of parklands between Orinda and Berkeley.
 Klondike Glacier is in Shoshone National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming on the east of the Continental Divide in the Wind River Range. Klondike Glacier is in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness and descends from the northeastern slopes of Pedestal Peak. The glacier flows east into a proglacial lake and shares a glacial margin with Grasshopper Glacier to the north.
 Silers Bald is a mountain in the western Great Smoky Mountains located in the Southeastern United States. Its proximity to Clingmans Dome and its location alongthe Appalachian Trail make it a popular hiking destination. Silers Bald is located on the crest of the Smokies with Thunderhead Mountain to the west and Clingmans Dome to the east.
 Loch Rannoch (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Raineach) is a large body of fresh water in Perth and Kinross Scotland.The loch is over 9 miles (14 km) long in a west-east direction with an average width of about 1090 yards (1000 m). The River Tummel begins at its eastern end. The Tay Forest Park lies along its southern shore. The wild Rannoch Moor extends to the west of the loch and used to be part of the Caledonian Forest that stretched across much of Northern Scotland.
 Cheslatta Lake is a large freshwater lake located between François Lake and the western end of the Nechako Reservoir Range 4 Coast Land District. It is in the Regional District of Bulkley-Nechako British Columbia.
 The Waterman Mountains are a low mountainous landform in Pima County United States. Notable among the tree species is the elephant tree (Bursera microphylla) which species exhibits a contorted multi-furcate architecture; most of these froze in the cold winter of 2011. The Waterman Mountain range is in the Ironwood Forest National Monument.The Waterman Mountains are not extensive and merge into the southern section of the Silver Bell Mountains.
 The Lambari River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Little Sunapee Lake (or Little Lake Sunapee a frequent local usage) is a 472-acre (1.91 km2) water body located primarily in Merrimack County in central New Hampshire United States in the town of New London. A small portion of the lake crosses into neighboring Springfield in Sullivan County. The lake is sometimes referred to as Twin Lakes due to a long narrow peninsula which nearly cuts the lake in half.
 Nickajack Lake is the reservoir created by Nickajack Dam as part of the Tennessee Valley Authority. The lake stretches from Nickajack Dam to Chickamauga Dam passing through the city of Chattanooga.
 The Lamba Mare River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Dois de Setembro River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Barbridge Junction (grid reference SJ612570) is the name of the canal junction located at Barbridge Cheshire where the Shropshire Union Canal Middlewich Branch terminates and meets the Shropshire Union Canal main line.
 Lago di Salarno is a lake in the Province of Brescia Lombardy Italy.
 Belchenflue Pass (el. 1099 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains between the cantons of Basel-Country and Solothurn.The pass is also called Bölchen by locals. The name came originally from Celtic from the sun god Belenus. The nearby peak of the same name (el. 1099 m.) was an important marker for the tribal calendar establishing the seasons.
 Bishops Cap (9127 feet (2782 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Located above the Garden Wall and straddling the Continental Divide when viewed from the south at Logan Pass the peak appears to resemble a Bishop's headwear. The name Bishops Cap is descriptive only and there's no known origin.
 Kanlaon Volcano also spelled as Kanla-on or Canlaon is an active volcano on Negros island in central Philippines. The stratovolcano straddles the provinces of Negros Occidental and Negros Oriental approximately 30 km (19 mi) southeast of Bacolod City the capital and most populous city of Negros Occidental.The volcano is a favorite spot for mountain climbers and is the centerpiece of Mt. Kanlaon Natural Park a national park originally established on August 8 1934.
 Seven Oaks Reservoir is a reservoir on the Santa Ana River in San Bernardino County California about 8 miles (13 km) northeast of the city of Redlands. The reservoir is formed by Seven Oaks Dam which was completed in 1999.The United States Army Corps of Engineers built the zoned earth-and-rock-fill dam at the foot of the San Bernardino Mountains to protect against flooding in the eastern portion of the Greater Los Angeles Area.
 Triple Crossing in Richmond Virginia is believed to be the only place in North America where three Class I railroads cross at different levels at the same spot.At the lowest (ground) level the original Richmond and York River Railroad was extended after the American Civil War to connect with the Richmond and Danville Railroad later part of the Southern Railway System currently part of Norfolk Southern.
 The Malnaveș River is a tributary of the Vârghiş River in Romania.
 Malapert is a lunar crater that lies near the southern limb of the Moon. From the Earth this formation is viewed from the side limiting the amount of detail that can be seen. The crater is also illuminated at very low angles so that parts of the interior remain in almost constant darkness.
 The Blanco River (Naguabo Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Brigach is the shorter of two streams that jointly form the river Danube in Baden-Württemberg Germany. The Brigach has its source at 925 m (3035 ft) above sea level within St. Georgen in the Black Forest. The Brigach crosses the city Villingen-Schwenningen. 43 km (27 mi) from the source the Brigach joins the Breg in Donaueschingen to form the Danube River.
 Deepwater River a mostly perennial stream of the Dumaresq-Macintyre catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range near Old Man Gibber east of Deepwater and flows generally north northwest west and then west before reaching its confluence with Bluff River to form the Mole River near Sandy Flat; descending 479 metres (1572 ft) over its 84 kilometres (52 mi) course.
 The Fulda (German pronunciation: [ˈfʊlda]) is a river in Hesse Germany. It is one of two headstreams of the Weser (the other one being the Werra). The Fulda is 218 km in length.The source is located at Wasserkuppe in the Rhön mountains. From here it runs northeast surrounded by the Knüll mountains in the west and the Seulingswald in the east.
 The Canigou (French pronunciation: ​[kaniɡu]; Catalan: Canigó [kəniˈɣo] locally: [kəniˈɣu]; el. 2784.66 m./9137 ft.) is a mountain located in the Pyrenees of southern France.Due to its sharp flanks and its dramatic location close to the coast until the 18th century the Canigou was believed to be the highest mountain in the Pyrenees.
 Hochplatte is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Madre de Dios River (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈmaðɾe ðe ðjos]) homonymous to the Peruvian region it runs through flows into the Beni River in Bolivia which then turns northward into Brazil where it joins with the Mamore River to become the Madeira River. The Madeira is a tributary to the Amazon River.The Madre de Dios is an important waterway for the department of Madre de Dios particularly Puerto Maldonado the largest town in the area and the capital of the department.
 Ikh Bogd (Mongolian: Их Богд lit. great saint) also known as Tergun Bogd is the highest mountain of the Gobi-Altai Mountains and located in the Bayankhongor Province in Mongolia. It has an elevation of 3957 metres (12982 ft)
 The Brothers are a pair of prominent peaks in the Olympic Mountains which are located near the Hood Canal in Washington state on the boundary between Olympic National Park and The Brothers Wilderness.The south peak rising to 6842 feet (2085 m) is 192 feet (59 m) higher than the north peak. No official trails approach the summit but the south peak is considered a non-technical climb.
 Lake Victoria is a 1.39 km² shallow saline lake on the Bellarine Peninsula Victoria Australia close to the township of Point Lonsdale and part of the Lonsdale Lakes Nature Reserve administered by Parks Victoria. It is separated from Bass Strait by a narrow strip of coastal dunes.
 Johangsan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 954 metres.
 Mad Wolf Mountain (8341 feet (2542 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Mad Wolf Mountain is just west of the Blackfeet Indian Reservation and rises abruptly above the Great Plains.
 Foremark Reservoir (OS grid reference SK3324) is a reservoir in South Derbyshire owned by Severn Trent which is also a 230-acre (0.93 km2) nature reserve open to the public for walking fishing bird watching and horse riding. It is supplied from water from the River Dove and it was constructed in the 1970s. The reservoir is accessible from the road between Milton and Ticknall. It is north of Ashby-de-la-Zouch and close to Ingleby Swadlincote and Willington. It is part of the National Forest.
 Clomantagh Hill (Irish: Cnoc na Cloiche Mantaí) is a mountain in County Kilkenny Ireland. Its name means Hill of the gapped stone. At 349 metres (1115 ft) it is the third highest summit in Kilkenny behind Brandon Hill and Coppanagh and is the second highest mountain in the Slieveardagh Hills after Knocknamuck. It is the 906th highest summit in Ireland.
 Cheondeungsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 707 metres.
 Putah Creek (Patwin: Liwaito) is a major stream in Northern California a tributary of the Yolo Bypass. The 85-mile-long (137 km) creek has its headwaters in the Mayacamas Mountains a part of the Coast Range. The true meaning of Putah in Putah Creek has been the subject of discussion and speculation.
 The Trestia River is a tributary of the Bogata River in Romania.
 The Jackpine River is an early tributary of the Smoky River. It forms in the Canadian Rockies within Willmore Wilderness Park in the province of Alberta north of Jasper National Park.
 The Brent Reservoir (popularly called the Welsh Harp) is a reservoir which straddles the boundary between the London boroughs of Brent and Barnet and is owned by British Waterways. The reservoir takes its informal name from a public house called The Welsh Harp which stood nearby until the early 1970s. It is the only Site of Special Scientific Interest in Barnet and Brent. The reservoir is fed by the Silk Stream and the River Brent and its outflow is the River Brent.
 The Fyfe River is a river in the Tasman District of New Zealand. It arises in the Marino Mountains near Mount Owen and flows north then south-west south and south-east to join the Owen River a tributary of the Buller River which eventually exits into the Tasman Sea.A Department of Conservation-maintained tramping track follows the river and can be used for access to Mount Owen.
 Col d'Aspin (Occitan: Còth d'Aspin; 1489 metres) is a high mountain pass in the French Pyrenees in the department of the Hautes-Pyrénées. It connects Sainte-Marie-de-Campan in the upper Adour valley with Arreau on the River Neste.
 Lipalian Mountain was named by William C. Gussow in 1958. It is located in the Slate Range in Alberta.
 Wahwashkesh Lake is a lake in Whitestone Parry Sound District Ontario Canada and is the largest lake in Parry Sound District with a surface area of 1721 hectares (4253 acres) and over 106 km of shoreline. Approximately 30% of the shoreline property is Crown Land. The lake has two distinct basins: (1) the north basin or Top Lake is the smaller of the two and (2) the south basin is the Big Lake.
 The Col de Macuègne (1068 m (3504 ft)) is a mountain pass located in the Dauphiné Prealps on the northern slopes of Mont Ventoux between Montbrun-les-Bains and Séderon in the Drôme department of France. The road over the col is used occasionally by the Tour de France cycle race with the tour crossing the pass on Stage 16 of the 2013 Tour.
 The Cargo Muchacho Mountains are located in the southeast Colorado Desert in the Lower Colorado River Valley in Imperial County California in the United States. Much of the range's geology was described by the geologist John T. Dillon.
 The Salween (Burmese: Thanlwin IPA: [θàɴlwɪ̀ɴ mjɪʔ]; Mon: သာန်လာန် [san lon]; Tibetan: རྒྱལ་མོ་རྔུལ་ཆུ། Wylie: rGyl mo rNGul chu; Chinese: 怒江; pinyin: Nù Jiāng; Shan: Nam Kong (Kong River); Thai: แม่น้ำสาละวิน IPA: [mɛ̂ː náːm sǎːla.win]; also spelled Salwine; Salawin Thai; Gyalmo Ngulchu Nu Jiang--which means Angry River in Chinese (The river is actually named after the Nu tribe that lives in the area but Chinese having no phonetic script had to use a character with a similar sound as Nu and that happens to be the character for rage) is a river about 2815 kilometres (1749 mi) long that flows from the Tibetan Plateau into the Andaman Sea in Southeast Asia. 
 The Pârâul Doamnei River is a headwater of the Cârţişoara river in Romania.
 Sunrise Glacier is in the U.S. state of Montana. Sunrise Glacier is situated in the Mission Mountains at an elevation of 8800 feet (2700 m) above sea level and is east of Mount Shoemaker. The glacier covers approximately 35 acres (0.14 km2).
 Långhalsen is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Valea Seacă a Jepilor River or Valea Seacă dintre Clăi River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Coon Creek Peak is a mountain in northern Elko County Nevada about 4 miles southwest of the community of Jarbidge. It is considered to be the most northeasterly peak of the Copper Mountains. Located a few miles west of the main crest of the Jarbidge Mountains it is located within the Jarbidge Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest.
 The river Suhre (also Sure) is a 34 kilometer long tributary of the river Aare in the Swiss cantons of Lucerne and Aargau. The river sources in Lake Sempach at an altitude of 504 meters above sea level and joins the Aare east of the town Aarau at an altitude of 362 meters. The most important side valley is the Ruedertal which joins the Suhre valley at Schöftland.In medieval age the river had several different names: Suron (1036) Suranum flumen (1210) Sure (1241).
 Ñawinpuyku (Quechua ñawi button hole / eye -n a suffix puyku spring of water / source / well hispanicized spelling Ñahuinpuquio) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Yauyos Province Tomas District. Ñawinpukyu is situated near the eastern border of the district southeast of the village Kimsakancha (Quimsacancha) and northwest of the village Yanamach'ay .
 The Braço Sul do Rio Itaúnas is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Lac de Retournemer is a lake in Xonrupt Vosges France. At an elevation of 776 m its surface area is 0.05 km².
 Great Patchogue Lake is located just north of Montauk Highway and is bordered by Waverly Avenue to the west and North Ocean Avenue to the east.Patchogue Lake was dammed to provide water power for the textile industry hence its other name: Lace Mill Pond.Today it is home to a diverse warmwater fish community.
 The Jarbidge River is a 51.8-mile-long (83.4 km) high altitude river in northern Nevada and southwest Idaho in the United States. The Jarbidge originates as two main forks in the Jarbidge Mountains of northeastern Nevada and then flows through basalt and rhyolite canyons on the high plateau of the Owyhee Desert before joining the Bruneau River.
 The Paratiji River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Kagera River also Akagera River is an East African river forming part of the upper headwaters of the Nile and carrying water from its most distant source.The section of river named Kagera begins in Burundi flowing out from Lake Rweru. From the lake it flows east along the Rwanda-Burundi and Rwanda-Tanzania borders to a confluence with the Ruvubu River.
 The Șcărișoara River or Scăriţa River is a headwater of the Valea lui Iovan River in Romania. Some maps consider the Scărișoara River to represent the main course of the Valea lui Iovan River.
 Pointes du Châtelard is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3479 metres above sea level.
 Maja Jezercë (Albanian: Maja Jezercë) is the highest point of the Albanian Alps/Prokletije and the entire Dinaric Alps standing at 2694 m (8839 ft) AMSL.
 Lac de Chaumeçon is a lake in Nièvre France. At an elevation of 400 m its surface area is 1.35 km².
 Cerro de las Mitras (English: Miter Hill or Miter Mountain) named for its distinctive mitre-shaped structures at the very top viewed from the northern side is another symbol of the landscape of the state of Nuevo León Mexico. Located in the cities of Monterrey Santa Catarina and García.Being part of the Cumbres National park created by the Mexican government the mountain is often climbed by hikers. The ascent is considered fairly difficult to complete.
 Lake Malone is a 788-acre (3.19 km2) reservoir in Logan Muhlenberg and Todd counties in Kentucky. It was impounded from Rocky Creek in 1961 and named for Mr. and Mrs. Wallace C. Malone who donated a large tract of land for the lake.
 Kilefjorden is a lake in the municipalities of Evje og Hornnes and Iveland in Aust-Agder county and Vennesla in Vest-Agder county Norway. The lake is part of the Otra river and was home to the steamship Bjoren from 1866–1896 when it was moved to the Byglandsfjorden.The lake is located about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of the village of Birketveit in Iveland about 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) north of the village of Hægeland and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of the village of Hornnes.
 Poco Mandasawu is a lava dome of Ranakah located in the south-central part of the island of Flores Indonesia. It is the highest point of the island.
 Rehmerloh-Mennighüffer Mühlenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bananal River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Wilde Gutach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The El Volador Hill (Cerro El Volador officially Ecoparque Cerro El Volador) is a colombian hill in Medellín Antioquia and the biggest protected area in the metropolitan area of the city. The park has 106 hectares and also is one of the seven tutelary hills in the city.Many of the first settlements into the Aburrá Valley were established in the hill in the center-western zone the actual Robledo. This hill is surrounded by the Quebrada La Iguaná (La Iguaná stream) at south.
 Mount Hungabee officially Hungabee Mountain is a mountain located on the boundaries of Banff National Park and Yoho National Park on the Continental Divide at the head of Paradise Valley. The peak was named in 1894 by Samuel Allen after the Stoney Indian (also known as Nakoda) word for chieftain as the mountain is higher than its neighbouring peaks. The mountain can be seen from the Icefields Parkway (#93) in the upper Bow Valley.Mt. Hungabee was first climbed in 1903 by H.C.
 Snow Peak is a mountain in the Canadian Province of Alberta in the Canadian Rockies. The mountain is primarily used for hiking.
 Stirling Lake is a small lake located about 1 km north of Stirling in Alberta Canada. The lake is known for its wide variety of bird species and is also referred to as the Michelsen Marsh.
 Lampertsstein is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Moelfre is a hill in Wales on the far western edge of the Snowdonia National Park 3 miles from the village of Dyffryn Ardudwy 5 miles from the village of Llanbedr and about 10 miles from the town of Harlech. It forms part of the Rhinogydd range. Moelfre reaches a height of 589 metres.Moelfre is a prominent peak that separates Cwm Nantcol from Ysgethin Valley. Moelfre is also known for a legend of three women who worked on the Sabbath and were turned into standing stones.
 The Alay or Alai Mountains (Kyrgyz: Алай тоо кыркасы; Russian: Алайский хребет) constitute a mountain range that extends from the Tien Shan mountain range in Kyrgyzstan west into Tajikistan. It is part of the Pamir-Alai mountain system. The range runs approximately east to west. Its highest summit is Pik Tandykul (Russian: пик Тандыкуль) 5544 m. The southern slopes of the range drain into the Vakhsh River a tributary of the Amu Darya.
 The Salleron (French: le Salleron) is a 51.8 km (32.2 mi) long river in the Haute-Vienne Vienne and Indre départements central France. Its source is several small streams which converge in a pond at Azat-le-Ris. It flows generally north. It is a left tributary of the Anglin into which it flows between Concremiers and Ingrandes.
 Red Lake is a lake located next to Navajo NM in the Red Valley in McKinley County New Mexico and Apache County Arizona. The lake has a surface elevation of 7150 ft (2180 m). Navajo NM lies on the southeast corner of the lake.
 The Vinalopó (Valencian pronunciation: [vinaloˈpo]) is a small river flowing through the Alicante province of Spain. It flows from north to south and with a length of 81 km. it is the longest of the rivers which flows for its entire length within the limits of this province.
 Sittenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Furano (富良野岳 Furano-dake) is a mountain located in the Tokachi Volcanic Group Hokkaidō Japan.
 Abraham Lake is an artificial lake on North Saskatchewan River in western Alberta Canada. Abraham Lake has a surface area of 53.7 km2 (20.7 sq mi) and a length of 32 km (20 mi).
 The Piraju River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Vatndalsvatnet or Vatnedalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Bykle in Aust-Agder county Norway. The nearby lakes Ormsavatnet and Store Urevatn flow into the lake through dams and canals. Vatndalsvatnet also has a dam on it and the water flows out of the lake from the dam into the Otra river. The lake is located in the central part of Bykle about halfway between the villages of Hovden and Bykle.
 Dong Ap Bia (Vietnamese: Đồi A Bia Ap Bia Mountain) is a mountain on the Laotian border of South Vietnam in Thừa Thiên–Huế Province. Rising from the floor of the western A Shau Valley it is a looming solitary massif unconnected to the ridges of the surrounding Annamite range. It dominates the northern valley towering some 937 metres above sea level.
 The Banana River is a 31-mile-long (50 km) lagoon that lies between Cape Canaveral and Merritt Island in Brevard County Florida in the United States. It is part of the Indian River Lagoon system and connects at its south end to the Indian River; it is the only part of the lagoon system not in the Intracoastal Waterway. It also has an outlet to the Atlantic Ocean via a lock into Port Canaveral.
 Mount Tehama (also called Brokeoff Volcano or Brokeoff Mountain) is an eroded andesitic stratovolcano in the Cascade Volcanic Arc and the Cascade Range in Northern California. Part of the Lassen volcanic center its highest remaining remnant Brokeoff Mountain is itself the second highest peak in Lassen Volcanic National Park and connects to the park's highest point Lassen Peak. Located on the border of Tehama County and Shasta County Tehama's peak is the highest point in the former.
 Pawsey is a worn impact crater that lies next to the northern outer ramparts of the crater Wiener on the far side of the Moon. To the east-northeast of Pawsey is the large crater Campbell and farther to the west is Bridgman.This crater is partly overlain by the ejecta from the younger Wiener impact leaving an uneven formation with edges that have been blanketed by material. There is a small crater along the western rim and another small cup-shaped crater along the northeastern edge.
 The Valea Floriilor River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 The Cernușorița River is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 Vöölameri is a lake of Estonia.
 Breidtinden (Northern Sami: Reaiddaidčohkka) is the highest mountain on the island Senja in Troms county Norway. It is located in the northeastern part of the municipality of Berg southeast of the Mefjorden and southwest of the village of Mefjordbotn. The village of Senjahopen lies about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northwest of the mountain. The lake Svartholvatnet is located along the southwestern base of the mountain.
 The Peixe River (Crixás Açu River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Picos de Europa (literally: Peaks of Europe often abbreviated in English to the Picos) is a range of mountains 20 km inland from the northern coast of Spain located in the Autonomous Communities of Asturias Cantabria and Castile and León forming part of the Cantabrian Mountains. The most widely accepted origin for the name is that they were the first sight of Europe for ships arriving from the Americas.
 Wolfpen Ridge is a ridge in the Blue Ridge Mountains in Georgia that runs south to north along the boundary between Towns and Union counties. Brasstown Bald the highest point in Georgia is located at the northern end of the ridge (elevation: 4786 feet). At the southern end of the ridge there is an unnamed peak with an elevation of 4561 feet which makes it the fifth highest point in Georgia.
 Quysupakana (Quechua quysu qhuysu a very long skirt pakana hiding place hispanicized spelling Coisopacana) is a mountain in the Willkapampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5176 metres (16982 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region La Convención Province Vilcabamba District. Quysupakana lies southwest of the mountain Pumasillu southeast of the mountain P'anta and north of the Apurimac River.
 Lake Monowai is a large lake (31 km²) in the southern part of Fiordland National Park in New Zealand's South Island 120 kilometres northwest of Invercargill. At an altitude of 180 metres in a long curved valley the lake appears on maps shaped like a letter U. The western part of the lake is set in beautiful mountainous country. It is drained in the northeast by the short Monowai River which enters the Waiau River eight kilometres to the northeast.
 Cervantes is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 181 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Cervantes is named for the Spanish writer Miguel de Cervantes who lived from 1547 to 1616.
 The Sechereș River (in Hungarian Szekeres) is a tributary of the Crucea River in Romania
 National grid reference NR77787535Loch A' Chaorainn (Loch of the Rowan) is an impounding reservoir which lies 9 kilometres north west of Tarbert. The concrete dam is 8.2 metres high and was completed in 1995.
 Großer Fürstenseer See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 63.8 m its surface area is 2.12 km².
 The Ghilănoiu River or Ghilahoi River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 The Dâmbu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Payson Peak is a (11717-foot (3571 m)) mountain located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Payson Peak was named after Henry A. Payson a former Forest Ranger. Payson Peak is in the Popo Agie Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest.
 Graureihersee is a lake in Saxony Germany. Its surface area is 1.38 km².
 Bach an der Frohndelle is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Charnley River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.The river has its headwaters situated below Rocky Mountain in the Caroline Ranges and flows eastward across the Gardner Plateau and discharges into the Indian Ocean via Walcott Inlet.There are seven tributaries of the Charnley river these are; Pearson River Maurice Creek Synnot Creek Kalumba Creek Bayonet Creek Maudie Creek and Kaangulman Creek.The Calder River also flows into Walcott inlet.Frank Hann named the Charnley river in 1898 after the pastoralist and miner Walter Chearnley from Nullagine whose name was mis-spelt when Hann recorded the name in his diary.
 The Strona di Mosso (Piemontese: Stron-a ëd Mòss) is a 23 kilometres (14 mi) long creek in the Piedmont region - NW Italy.
 Frances Lake is a lake of Yukon Canada.
 Äkäsjärvi is a lake of Finland located in the province of Laponia.
 The Mühlauer Bach also called Worm Creek originates on a height of 1.700 m above Sea Level. It runs via the Arzler wind-gap in southern direction through Mühlau to the Inn River. With exception of the Inn River the creek is the richest flowing waters of the city has a length of app. 5 km. and lies in full on Innsbruck city area.
 Feforvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Nord-Fron in Oppland county Norway.
 Groß Labenzer See is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 24.6 m its surface area is 2.3 km².
 The Cornettes de Bise is a mountain in the Chablais Alps overlooking Lake Geneva. At 2432 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the subrange running from Pas de Morgins to Lake Geneva. The mountain is located on the border between France (west) and Switzerland (east).Nearest localities are Miex (Valais) and La Chapelle-d'Abondance (Haute Savoie). Various trails lead to the summit from both sides.
 The Râul Alb is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Vasielu River.
 The Preotese River is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
 The Scânteia River or Mitoc River or Nacu River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
 Cirque Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 601.Cirque Lake is just east of D. O. Lee Peak downstream of The Kettles and upstream of several other lakes including Cove Sapphire and Walker Lakes.
 Chino Canyon is a 5.5-mile (8.9 km) long desert canyon and its associated stream is a tributary of the Whitewater River in Riverside County California United States. The canyon is located in the northern part of the San Jacinto Mountains and is part of the Coachella Valley. It is one of the steepest canyons in North America dropping from over 8500 feet (2600 m) at the south rim to less than 2700 feet (820 m) on the valley floor in less than a mile.
 Crystal Cave is a marble karst cave in Sequoia National Park in the U.S. state of California. It is one of at least 240 known caves in the park. It is in the Giant Forest region between the Ash Mountain entrance of the park and Giant Forest.The cave is a constant 48 °F (9 °C) and only accessible by guided tour.
 Jadovnik (Serbian Cyrillic: Јадовник pronounced [jâdɔːʋniːk]) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia on the western edge of Pešter plateau between towns of Prijepolje and Sjenica. Its highest peak Katunić has an elevation of 1734 meters above sea level.
 Prairie Creek is the Redwood Creek tributary drainage basin including the inland portion of Prairie Creek Redwoods State Park. Prairie Creek drains southerly through a Plio-Pleistocene non-marine sedimentary and metasedimentary formation to a confluence with Redwood Creek approximately one mile upstream of Orick California. The southern half of the channel exposes the Franciscan Assemblage and the lower reaches flow through Quaternary alluvium of the Redwood Creek estuarine floodplain.
 Hverfjall (also known as Hverfell) is a tephra cone or tuff ring volcano in northern Iceland to the east of Mývatn. It erupted in 2500 BP in the southern part of the Krafla fissure swarm. The crater is approximately 1 km in diameter.Tephra has been carried from Hverfjall all over the Lake Myvatn area.
 Pigeon House Mountain (Aboriginal: Didthul) is a mountain at an elevation of 720 metres (2360 ft) AHD  on the Budawang Range that is situated within the Morton National Park located on the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.The prominent remnant of a two tier sandstone structure the nearest town is Milton.
 The Goldstream River is a tributary of the Columbia River joining that stream via the Lake Revelstoke reservoir after running largely west from the heart of the northern Selkirk Mountains. The river's name derives from the Big Bend Gold Rush of 1865 during which it was the scene of busy prospecting and mining activities and as one of the centres of the rush.
 The Mușețelu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Känzele is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Plattenberg is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. It lies approximately halfway between the lakes of Luzzone and Zervreila.
 Hammervatnet is a lake in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The 6.03-square-kilometre (2.33 sq mi) lake lies on the north side of the village of Åsen. The European route E6 highway runs along the eastern tip of the lake.The nearby lake Hoklingen flows into the river Fossingelva which flows into Hammervatnet. The main outlet of Hammervatnet flows into the Hoplafjorden an arm of the Trondheimsfjord.
 The Ciuruleasa River is a tributary of the Cerniţa River in Romania.
 The Giglistock is a mountain of the Urner Alps located south of Gadmen in the Bernese Oberland.
 Cameron Pass is a 10276 ft (3132 m) elevation mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains in north central Colorado in the United States. The pass is a gap between the south end of the Medicine Bow Mountains and the north end of the Never Summer Mountains. It sits on the border between Jackson County and Larimer County approximately 3 mi (5 km) north of the boundary of Rocky Mountain National Park.
 Medveditsa (Russian: Медведица) is a river in Spirovsky Likhoslavlsky Rameshkovsky Kashinsky and Kimrsky Districts of Tver Oblast Russia a left tributary of the Volga River (joining the Volga at the Uglich Reservoir). The main tributaries are the Kushalka River (left) the Ivitsa River (right) the Drezna River (left) the Rudomosh River (left) and the Yakhroma River (right).
 The Khwae Yai River (Thai: แม่น้ำแควใหญ่ RTGS: Maenam Khwae Yai IPA: [mɛ̂ːnáːm kʰwɛː jàj]) also known as the Si Sawat (แม่น้ำศรีสวัสดิ์ [mɛ̂ː náːm sǐː sa.wàt]) is a river in western Thailand.
 Arbachgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Bizușa River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 The Hils is a range of hills in Germany's Central Uplands that is up to 480.4 m high. It is located in the districts of Holzminden Hildesheim and Northeim in the state of Lower Saxony.
 The Frumosu River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 Stetinden (Lom) is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Braunhardsberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 The Biruința River is a tributary of the Black Sea Lake Techirghiol in Romania.
 The River Blackwater is a river in the English counties of Hampshire and Wiltshire. It is a tributary of the River Test.The river rises just to the east of the Wiltshire village of Redlynch near Salisbury. It then flows east across the county boundary into Hampshire.
 The Prva River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Pârâul Mic or Pietrosul River is a tributary of the Ghimbăşel River in Romania.
 Lake Humboldt or Humboldt Lake is an endorheic basin lake in northern Churchill County and southern Pershing County in the state of Nevada in the United States.The lake receives the Humboldt River from the north but has no outlet. Humboldt Sink an intermittent extension of the lake to the south crosses into northern Churchill County.
 Cima di Piancabella is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Malvaglia in the canton of Ticino. It is located south of the Cima di Gana Bianca.
 Chogolisa (or Bride Peak) is a mountain in the Karakoram region of Pakistan. It lies near the Baltoro Glacier in the Concordia region which is home to some of the highest peaks of the world. Chogolisa has several peaks the highest on the SW face (Chogolisa I) rises to 7665 metres (25148 ft).
 The Das Tropas River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Tapajós River; the mouth is located on the eastern side of the Tapajós about 200 km (120 mi) after of the Juruena–Teles Pires junction.
 Mount Duckabush is a 6233 foot (1900 m) peak in the Olympic Mountains of Washington state. The headwaters of the Duckabush River include the northwest slopes of Mount Duckabush.
 Upper Grinnell Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Upper Grinnell Lake is a proglacial lake which formed in the 1930s as Grinnell Glacier retreated. The lake is often filled with small icebergs which have been breaking off Grinnell Glacier. Upper Grinnell Lake can be reached by trail and is a 5.5 miles (8.9 km) hike from the Many Glacier Hotel.
 Lake Taupo is a lake situated in the North Island of New Zealand. With a surface area of 616 square kilometres (238 sq mi) it is the largest lake by surface area in New Zealand and the second largest freshwater lake by surface area in geopolitical Oceania after Lake Murray (Papua New Guinea). Lake Taupo has a perimeter of approximately 193 kilometres a deepest point of 186 metres.
 Lake Tikub (also known as Lake Ticub Lake Ticob Lake Tikob or Lake Ticab) is a nearly circular crater lake located in the province of Quezon in the Philippines. The circumference of the lake is elevated and thick with foliage that steeply slopes down to the shore of the lake. The lake is located near the foothill of Mount Malepunyo in between nearby Mount Banahaw in Brgy. Ayusan in the town of Tiaong Quezon. Access to the lake is through Brgy. San Pedro.
 Lake Waingaro is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Pietroaia River or Petroaia River or Ciohoranca River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 White Oak Creek is a 140-mile-long (230 km) tributary of the Sulphur River in Texas. Via the Sulphur River the creek is part of the Red River watershed flowing to the Mississippi River and ultimately the Gulf of Mexico.
 Tytheus or Tythefs (Greek: Τυθεύς) is a river in the western part of Achaea Greece. The river is also known as Parapeiros (Παραπείρος) and was known as Toskesi (Τόσκεσι). The Tytheus river begins in the western part of the Erymanthos mountains. It passes through the municipalities of Tritaia and Fares. It empties into the river Peiros near the village Agios Stefanos.
 Arrowhead Mountain is a mountain located on Ellesmere Island Nunavut Canada and is located east northeast of Mount Oxford. The mountain was named due to the four ridges that rise to a peak.
 Ch-paa-qn (Squaw) Peak is in Missoula County Montana United States. It is west of Missoula Montana. Ch-paa-qn is a Salish word meaning shining peak.
 Macquarie River a watercourse that is part of the Macquarie–Barwon catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is one of the main inland rivers in New South Wales Australia.The river rises in the central highlands of New South Wales near the town of Oberon and travels generally northwest past the towns of Bathurst Wellington Dubbo Narromine and Warren to the Macquarie Marshes.
 Tixani (hispanicized spelling Ticsani) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 5408 metres (17743 ft) high. It is situated in the Moquegua Region Mariscal Nieto Province in the districts Cuchumbaya and San Cristóbal.
 Mount Kelam (Indonesian: Gunung Kelam) is an exposed granitic dome in West Kalimantan Borneo with an elevation of 1002 m.In 1894 German botanist Johannes Gottfried Hallier became the second European to climb Mount Kemal after a certain Dr. Gürtler. Hallier ascended the summit 5 times between January 30 and February 13. He wrote the following account of the mountain:Mount K'lamm is a unique mountain of grand beauty.
 Plansee is a lake in the Tyrol Austria located at 47°28′10″N 10°48′20″E. Its surface is approximately 2.87 km² and its maximum depth is 78 metres.It lies on Austrian Federal Highway B 179 which crosses the Ammersattel into Germany.
 Jabal Satif is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Nidelva in Aust-Agder is the main river in the Arendal drainage basin. It is formed by the confluence of two rivers Nisserelva and Fyreselv. The river flows into the Skagerak at Arendal. The total length of the system is 210 kilometres (130 mi) the watershed covers 4000 square kilometres (1500 sq mi).
 Coloane Alto (Chinese: 疊石塘山)at 172 metres (564 ft) above sea level is the highest point of Macau China.
 Kjerag or Kiragg is a Norwegian mountain located in Lysefjorden in Forsand municipality Ryfylke Rogaland. Its highest point is 1110 m above sea level but its northern drop to Lysefjorden attracts most visitors. The drop is 984 m (3228 ft) and it is also the site of Kjeragbolten a 5 m³ stone located between two rocks.Kjerag is a popular hiking destination.
 Runtuy (Quechua runtuy to hail / to lay an egg hispanicized spelling Rondoy) is a mountain in the north of the Waywash mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5970 metres (19587 ft) high. It is located in the Ancash Region Bolognesi Province Pacllón District as well as in the Huánuco Region Lauricocha Province Queropalca District. Runtuy lies north of the Yerupaja and the Jirishanca and south west of the lake Mituqucha.
 The Araguá River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Munz Lakes is a lake located directly on the San Andreas Fault in the Angeles National Forest in Los Angeles County California. The lake is one of a series of sag ponds in the area including Elizabeth Lake and Hughes Lake all created by active tectonic plate movement. The lake receives its name from rancher John Munz who arrived to the area in 1898.
 Cound Brook (pronounced COOnd) is a tributary of the River Severn in Shropshire England running to south of the county town Shrewsbury. The Cound Brook rises in the Stretton Hills and discharges into the River Severn at Eyton on Severn after winding its way for 25 miles (40 km) across the southern Shropshire-Severn plains.The flow of the Cound Brook can vary from sluggish in a dry summer to a raging torrent in winter or spring.
 The Drahura River or Cacova River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Cetății is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Meiele River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
 The Hoapec River is a tributary of the Vulcăniţa River in Romania.
 Carabinarni River is a river in the Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Gullsteinen is a large hill in Bergen Norway. It is part of the Løvstakken mountain massif. Its peak is located 354 metres above sea level and is accessible by hiking paths from all sides.
 The Jundiá River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Votna is a lake in the municipality of Odda in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Râul Boului is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania.
 The Valea Oștenei River is a tributary of the Semeni River in Romania
 The Uhaitxa or Gave de Sainte-Engrâce is a torrential river of the French Basque Country (Pyrénées-Atlantiques) in the Southwest of France. It is the right tributary of the Saison River.
 Port de Larrau (Puerto de Larrau) (el. 1573 m.) is a mountain pass on the France – Spain border in the western Pyrenees between the department of Pyrénées-Atlantiques France and Navarre Spain. The climb from the French side was used in the 2007 Tour de France.The true summit of the pass is at 1585 m. and is near the Pic d’Orhi (2018 m) the most westerly mountain over 2000m in the Pyrenees. In the Basque language the pass is known as Uthurzehetako Lepoua.
 The Căluieț River is a tributary of the Călui River in Romania.
 The Herefordshire and Gloucestershire Canal (sometimes known as the Hereford and Gloucester Canal) is a canal in the west of England which ran from Hereford to Gloucester where it linked to the River Severn. It was opened in two phases in 1798 and 1845 and closed in 1881 when the southern section was used for the course of the Ledbury and Gloucester Railway. It is the subject of an active restoration scheme.
 The Orava (Hungarian: Árva) is a 60.9 km long river in north-western Slovakia passing through a picturesque country in the Orava county. Its source is nowadays the Orava water reservoir whose waters flooded the confluence of Biela (White) Orava and Čierna (Black) Orava in 1953. It flows into the river Váh near the village of Kraľovany.
 Lake Chūzenji (中禅寺湖 Chūzenji-ko) is a scenic lake in Nikkō National Park in the city of Nikkō Tochigi Prefecture Japan. It was created 20000 years ago when Mount Nantai (2484 m) erupted and blocked the riverThe lake has a surface area of 11.62 km² and a circumference of 25 km. Its elevation at the surface is 1269 m (4124 ft) and the water reaches a depth of 163 m (508 ft). The Yukawa is the principal source of water.
 The Waikukupa River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest through Westland Tai Poutini National Park to reach the Tasman Sea 14 kilometres north of Fox Glacier township.
 The Ruzina River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 Warawara (Aymara warawara star hispanicized spellings Huara Huara Huarahuara) often spelled Wara Wara is a lake in the Tunari National Park in Bolivia. It is located in the Cochabamba Department Chapare Province Sacaba Municipality. Warawara lies north east of the city Cochabamba and north of Alalay Lake.The lake is situated 4105 metres (13468 ft) high. It is 0.8 km long and 0.5 km at its widest point.
 The Sunrise River is a 39.1-mile-long (62.9 km) tributary of the St. Croix River in east-central Minnesota in the United States. It is formed at the city of Forest Lake in Washington County at the outlet of Forest Lake. The river flows north accepting the South Branch from the west near the city of Wyoming and continues north into Mud Lake where the West Branch which rises in southwestern Isanti County and briefly enters Anoka County joins it near the city of Stacy.
 Chittar River and its five tributaries and numerous other contributing streams originate in the Courtallam hills of Tirunelveli District in the state of Tamil Nadu in southern India.
 The Curmătura cu Tină River is a tributary of the Valea lui Ivan River in Romania.
 The Orlík Dam (Czech: Vodní nádrž Orlík) is the largest hydroelectric dam in the Czech Republic. It dams the Vltava River near the village of Solenice which is near the town of Příbram. The structure is named after Orlík Castle which is situated a few kilometers above the dam. The dam has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 91 MW each having a total capacity of 364 MW.
 Hogback Summit (el. 5033 ft.) is a mountain pass in Lake County Oregon traversed by U.S. Route 395.
 Crooked Lake is a State registered Outstanding Florida Water that is located in southeast Polk County Florida United States. The lake is located west of Babson Park north and west of Hillcrest Heights and east of Crooked Lake Park. Crooked Lake is one of the largest lakes in Polk County both in terms of area and total volume with a maximum depth of 45 feet (14 m) and over 21 billion US gallons (79000000 m3) of water.
 Bomber Mountain is the crest of a ridge line within the Big Horn Mountains of the U.S. State of Wyoming. It borders the south side of Cloud Peak the tallest peak in the range. It is about 23 miles (37 km) west of Buffalo. Bomber Mountain get its name from an aviation accident that occurred in 1943.
 Beinn a' Chreachain is a Scottish mountain with a conical top to the north-west of Loch Lyon.
 Tehuacana Creek is a river in Texas.
 Noisy Creek Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington .50-mile (0.80 km) northwest of Bacon Peak. Noisy Creek Glacier has retreated and left behind a series of small proglacial lakes. Noisy Creek Glacier descends from 6400 to 5800 ft (2000 to 1800 m). A ridge separates Noisy Creek Glacier from Green Lake Glacier to the east. The National Park Service is currently studying Noisy Creek Glacier as part of their glacier monitoring project.
 Tungkal River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.
 Mount Dama Ali is a 25km wide shield volcano in Ethiopia on the shore of Lake Abbe
 Halbendorfer See is a lake in Saxony Germany. Its surface area is ca. 80 ha.
 The Voica River is a tributary of the Ciugheș River in Romania.
 The Izvorul Scării River or Scara River is a headwater of the Topolog River in Romania.
 The Ceará-Mirim River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Valea lui Sărăcilă River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Southern Waiotauru River is a river of New Zealand. It joins with the Eastern Waiotauru (Snowy) River to become the Waiotauru River a tributary of the Otaki River.
 Syndle is a lake in the municipality of Grimstad in Aust-Agder county Norway. It's located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northwest of the city center of Grimstad in the Landvik area. Syndle has an area of about 6 square kilometres (2.3 sq mi) and flows into a small river on the northeast part of the lake which connects it to the neighboring lake Rore which eventually flows into the Nidelva river.
 Dürre Holzminde is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Minizel River is a tributary of the Sebiș River in Romania.
 Bozeman Pass el. 5702 feet (1738 m) is a mountain pass situated approximately 13 miles (21 km) east of Bozeman Montana and approximately 15 miles (24 km) west of Livingston Montana on Interstate 90. It separates the Bridger and Gallatin mountain ranges.It is named after pioneer John Bozeman a young Georgian who opened the Bozeman Trail from Fort Laramie Wyoming to Virginia City Montana in 1863 via the pass which now bears his name.
 The Goleta Slough is an area of estuary tidal creeks tidal marsh and wetlands near Goleta California USA. It primarily consists of the filled and unfilled remnants of the historic inner Goleta Bay about 8 miles (13 km) west of Santa Barbara. The slough empties into the Pacific Ocean through an intermittently closed mouth at Goleta Beach County Park just east of the UCSB campus and Isla Vista.
 The Buthier is a mountain torrent in north-west Italy. A left tributary of the Dora Baltea its entire course lies within the Valpelline a valley in the region of Aosta Valley.
 San Timoteo Creek (also called San Timoteo Wash) is a stream of the Inland Empire in Southern California in the United States. A tributary of the Santa Ana River it flows through San Timoteo Canyon. San Timoteo Creek has a drainage basin of about 125 square miles (320 km2).
 The Jordan River is a 24.9-mile-long (40.1 km) stream in the northwestern part of the lower peninsula in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is the largest tributary of Lake Charlevoix. The Jordan's headwaters rise from springs in the upper Jordan River Valley northeast of Mancelona in Antrim County. The Jordan River was the first river to be designated in Michigan's Natural Rivers Program.The Jordan River is well known for its world-class brook trout fishing and for its scenic canoe trips.
 Lake Blue Ridge is a reservoir in Fannin County in the northern portion of the U.S. state of Georgia. The lake encompasses 3300-acre (1300 ha) of water and a full summer pool of approximately 1681 feet (512 m) above mean sea level.
 Thief Valley Reservoir is a large reservoir on the Powder River in Eastern Oregon United States. Primarily used for irrigation purposes it lies at an elevation of approximately 3000 feet covers an area of 740 acres and impounds 17600 acre-feet. It provides good angling opportunities for rainbow trout in years of high water.The reservoir was created in 1932 by the Thief Valley Dam a project of the United States Bureau of Reclamation.
 Beden Brook also Bedens Brook Beden's Brook or Beeden's Brook is a tributary of the Millstone River in central New Jersey in the United States.
 The Dal River (or Dalälven in Swedish) is a river in central Sweden that flows from the north of Dalarna and runs into the sea in northern Uppland; it is commonly considered to be the southern border of Norrland. The northern part is split into two rivers: Österdalälven and Västerdalälven. The two connect in Djurås. It is over 520 km long — the second longest river in Sweden and has a hydropower potential of 1420 megawatts of which 2/3 is utilized.
 The Pfannenstock (2573 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located east of Muotathal in the Swiss canton of Schwyz. It lies on the karstic range between the valleys of Muota and Linth west of the border with the canton of Glarus.
 Quyllur Puñuna (Quechua quyllur star puñuna bed star bed hispanicized spellings Ccoyllor Puñuna Joyllor Puñuna) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5743 m (18842 ft) high. It is situated in the Cusco Region Canchis Province as well as in the Puno Region Carabaya Province. Quyllur Puñuna is the highest elevation on the Quelccaya Ice Cap.
 Nunatakassaup Sermia (old spelling: Nunatakavsaup Sermia) is a tidewater glacier in the Qaasuitsup municipality on the northwestern shore of Greenland. It drains the Greenland ice sheet southwestwards into Tasiusaq Bay. The glacier front is located to the southeast of the Nunatarsuaq nunatak and to the north of the Qassersuaq Peninsula. Alanngorsuup Sermia a sibling glacier to the south drains the icesheet into the same point at the inner end of Tasiusaq Bay.
 The Trap Rock River is a 19.8-mile-long (31.9 km) tributary of Torch Lake that flows through Keweenaw and Houghton counties on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States.
 The Ulmoasa River is a tributary of the Băiţa river in Romania.
 Mons Hadley is a massif in the northern portion of the Montes Apenninus a range in the northern hemisphere of the Moon. The selenographic coordinates of this peak are 26.5° N 4.7° E. It has a height of 4.6 km and a maximum diameter of 25 km at the base.To the southwest of this mountain is a valley that served as the landing site for the Apollo 15 expedition. To the southwest of this same valley is the slightly smaller Mons Hadley Delta (δ) peak with a height of about 3.5 km.
 Murrah River is an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Ten Mile Run is a tributary of the Millstone River draining an area in southern South Brunswick and southern Franklin Park New Jersey in the United States.Its name is derived from the distance early surveyors estimated it was from the Raritan River on the historic Kings Highway now Route 27.
 The Magra is a 62 kilometres (39 mi) long river of Northern Italy which runs through Pontremoli Filattiera Villafranca in Lunigiana and Aulla in the province of Massa-Carrara (Tuscany); Santo Stefano di Magra Vezzano Ligure Arcola Sarzana and Ameglia in the province of La Spezia (Liguria).In Roman times it was known as the Macra and marked the eastern boundary of the territory of Liguria.The river’s drainage basin occupies around 1686 km².
 Chiricahua Peak is the name of a 9763 feet (2976 m) peak located in the Chiricahua National Monument of southeastern Arizona located about 35 miles (56 km) north of the United States–Mexico border.
 Mount Superbus lies 150 km (93 mi) south-west of Brisbane and is South East Queensland's highest peak at 1375 metres (4500 feet). At this elevation it is the third highest peak in Queensland. Only Mount Bellenden Ker at 1593 m and Mount Bartle Frere at 1622 m in Far North Queensland are higher.It has an extensive logging history dating back to the mid-19th century. Mount Superbus was originally covered in dense hoop pine forests.
 Lake Lukomlskoye or Lukoml Lake (Belarusian: Лукомскае возера or Лукомальскае возера Russian: Лукомльское озеро) is a lake in the Chashniki district Vitsebsk Voblast of Belarus. It is the fourth largest lake in Belarus. The Lukoml power station is located by it in the city of Novolukoml.
 Clear Lake is a brackish lake located near Houston Texas USA in Harris County. The lake feeds Galveston Bay. It is bordered by Houston (Clear Lake City) Pasadena League City Clear Lake Shores Taylor Lake Village and El Lago Texas. NASA's Johnson Space Center lies near its shores.The lake is a major recreation center and home to one of the largest concentrations of recreational boats and marinas in the nation.
 Yangoor is the largest known crater on the surface of the Uranian moon Ariel. The name comes from a spirit that brings day in Australian Aboriginal mythology. It is about 80 km in diameter and is located approximately 450 km from Ariel's south pole. The northwestern edge of the crater was erased by formation of ridged terrain. The crater lacks bright ejecta deposits and was imaged for the first time by the Voyager 2 spacecraft in January 1986.
 Sgùrr a' Mhaoraich is a Scottish mountain located to the north of Loch Quoich in the north western highlands. It has a height of 1027 m (3369 ft) and is classed as a Munro.
 Lake Mariout (Arabic: بحيرة مريوط‎ Boḥēret Maryūṭ  IPA: [boˈħeːɾet mɑɾˤˈjuːtˤ]; also spelled Maryut or Mariut) is a brackish lake in northern Egypt. The lake area covered 200 km² at the beginning of the 20th century but at the beginning of the 21st century it covers only about 50 km².[1] It is separated from the Mediterranean Sea by the narrow isthmus on which the city of Alexandria was built. The lake shore is home to fisheries and saltworks.
 Kohlbach (Gersprenz) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Bardwell Creek an urban watercourse of the Cooks River catchment is located in the southern suburbs of Sydney in New South Wales Australia.
 The Magerrain is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the cantons of Glarus and St. Gallen in Eastern Switzerland. Reaching an elevation of 2524 metres above sea level the Magerrain is the highest summit of the range north of the Walabützer Furggle (2167 m) and the Risitenpass (2189 m).The closest locality is Engi on the south side.
 Lake Lama (Russian: Лама) is a large freshwater lake in Krasnoyarsk Krai north-central part of Russia. It is located at 69.5172222°N 90.625°E﻿ / 69.5172222; 90.625 and has an area of 460 km² (other sources state 320 km²). It is 100 km long and up to 20 km wide (other sources state length of 82 km and width of 13 km).
 Dombai-Ulgen or Dombay-Ulgen (Georgian: დომბაი-ულგენი; Russian: Домбай-Ульген Karachay-Balkar: Доммай ёлген) is a 4046 m (13274 ft) high mountain of the Greater Caucasus and the highest point of Abkhazia a state with limited international recognition otherwise seen to be part of Georgia. It is located on the border with Karachay–Cherkessia an autonomous republic of Russia.The mountain is composed of gneiss crystalline schist and granite.
 The Dorset and Somerset Canal was a proposed canal in southwestern England. The main line was intended to link Poole in Dorset with the Kennet and Avon Canal near Bradford on Avon Wiltshire. A branch was to go from the main line at Frome to the southern reaches of the Somerset coalfield at Nettlebridge.
 The Citadel is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the North East end of the Frankland Range jutting out towards the East from the range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is directly South of The Lion and West of Murpheys Bluff. It forms the South Eastern border of The Moat an alpine lake.
 The Madom Gröss is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps of Switzerland. It is located between the Valle Verzasca and Valle Leventina near Sonogno Ticino.
 Schwarzeck (Berg) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Tröndelsee is a lake in Kiel Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 30 m its surface area is 24 ha.
 Lake Daniell is a lake in the Tasman District of the South Island of New Zealand.It is drained by Frazer Stream which in turn feeds into the Alfred River and is surrounded by old growth beech forest. A tramping track leads to the lake and an adjacent hut the Manson-Nicholls Memorial Hut.In 2002 there was a search in the area for a missing tramper who was part of a group staying at the lake.
 Byrd is an irregular lunar crater that is located near the north pole of the Moon. The north rim of Byrd is nearly connected to the crater Peary a formation that is adjacent to the pole. The smaller crater Gioja is attached to the remains of the southwest rim.The rim of Byrd is worn and eroded with sections distorted by intruding crater rims along the perimeter. As a result the crater interior is longer in the north-south direction than it is wide.
 Kangchenjunga is the third highest mountain in the world. It rises with an elevation of 8586 m (28169 ft) in a section of the Himalayas called Kangchenjunga Himal that is limited in the west by the Tamur River and in the east by the Teesta River. Kangchenjunga is located on the boundary between Nepal and the Indian state of Sikkim.The Geological Survey of India indicates the summit of Kangchenjunga at 8598 m (28209 ft).
 Arastradero Creek is a mainly seasonal 2.4-mile-long (3.9 km) generally north by northeastward-flowing stream originating in the Palo Alto foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains in Santa Clara County California United States. It is almost wholly protected by the Pearson-Arastradero Open Space Preserve before joining Matadero Creek where its waters descend to San Francisco Bay.
 Moseley is a worn lunar impact crater that lies along the western limb of the Moon. It lies just to the south of the crater Bartels and near the north-northeastern rim of Einstein. Due to its location this crater is viewed side-on from Earth and not much detail can be seen. It can also become hidden from sight due to the effects of libration.The outer rim of this feature has been worn and eroded due to subsequent impacts.
 The Warwickshire ring is a connected series of canals forming a circuit around the West Midlands area of England. The ring is formed from the Coventry Canal the Oxford Canal the Grand Union Canal the Stratford-upon-Avon Canal and the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal.
 The Rouillon is a small river in southern Île-de-France (France) left tributary of the Yvette which is a tributary of the Orge. Its source is in Villejust north of Longjumeau in the Essonne department.The Rouillon crosses the following départements and towns:Essonne: Villejust Saulx-les-Chartreux Ballainvilliers Longjumeau.↑
 Lake Pomorie (Bulgarian: Поморийско езеро Pomoriysko ezero) is the northernmost of the coastal Burgas Lakes located in the immediate proximity of the Black Sea and the Bulgarian town of Pomorie. It has an area of 8.5 km² (reaching 10 km² together with the adjacent damp zones) and has an elongated shape with a length of 6.7 km and width of 1.8-2 km.
 Mount Dickey is a peak on the west side of the Ruth Gorge in the Central Alaska Range of mountains 12 miles (19 km) southeast of Mount McKinley and 4 miles (6 km) southwest of The Moose's Tooth. Despite its relatively low elevation it is notable for its east face which has around a vertical mile (1600 m) of sheer granite—it achieves this vertical gain in less than half a mile (800m) horizontal distance.
 Mount King is a large smooth-crested mountain in the eastern extremity of the Tula Mountains. Part of the Australian Antarctic Gazetteer (Australian Antarctic Gazetteer Id 1581) and the SCAR Composite Gazetteer of Antarctica it is located in Enderby Land Australian Antarctic Territory East Antarctica.
 For other rivers and places called James River and similar see James River (disambiguation).The James River is a river in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is 348 miles (560 km) long extending to 444 miles (715 km) if one includes the Jackson River the longer of its two source tributaries. The James River drains a catchment comprising 10432 square miles (27020 km2). The watershed includes about 4% open water and an area with a population of 2.5 million people (2000).
 The Brădetul River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 The Do Braço River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Sulphide Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Sulphide Lake lies in a cirque on the southeast slopes of Mount Shuksan. Several major cascades drop as much as 1000 ft (300 m) into Sulphide Lake including Sulphide Basin Falls which is from melt off the Sulphide Glacier.
 Vättern is the second largest lake (by surface area) in Sweden after Vänern and the sixth largest lake in Europe. It is a long finger-shaped body of fresh water in south central Sweden to the southeast of Vänern pointing at the tip of Scandinavia.
 Corregidor is an extinct volcanic caldera located at the entrance to Manila Bay in the Republic of the Philippines. The caldera is composed of the islands of Corregidor and Caballo in the province of Cavite which are believed to be the exposed rim of the volcano.
 Simandou is a 110 km long range of hills located in the Nzérékoré Region of southeastern Guinea in the country's mountainous forested Guinée Forestière region. At the southern end of the range the site of a large iron ore deposit is currently being developed.
 Picacho Reservoir is just 11 miles (18 km) south of Coolidge in central Arizona. The reservoir was built in the 1920s as part of the San Carlos Irrigation Project. The reservoir's original purpose was water storage and flow regulation for the Florence-Casa Grande and Casa Grande Canals. The lake's design capacity was 24500 acre feet (30200000 m3) of water with a surface area of over 2 square miles (5.2 km2).
 Čorotjávri is a lake in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 4-square-kilometre (1.5 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north of the small village of Šuoššjávri just east of the municipal boundary with Kautokeino Municipality.
 The Poiana River is a tributary of the Sohodol River in Romania.
 Chief Joseph Pass el. 7251 feet (2210 m) is a mountain pass on the continental divide of the Rocky Mountains in the northwestern United States. It separates Lemhi County Idaho and Beaverhead County Montana. The pass is in the Bitterroot Mountains and is traversed by Montana State Highway 43.
 Monte Velino is a mountain (2487 m) in the province of L'Aquila Abruzzo central Italy part of the Abruzzo Apennines. Located nearby the boundary with Lazio between the Fucino plain and the Aterno Salto and Velino rivers' valleys it is the highest peak in the sub-chain known as Velino-Sirente the highest point in the Tiber basin and the third highest peak in the whole Apennines.The massif is included in the Sirente-Velino Regional Park.
 The Lava Lakes are a group of small lakes at the head of Lava Fork in the Boundary Ranges of northwestern British Columbia Canada.The Volcano a cinder cone about 5 km (3.1 mi) north of the British Columbia-Alaska border on the eastern shore of the Lava Lakes is the source for lava flows that overwhelm the lakes. These lava flows dam and form the lakes hence giving their name.
 The Teton River is an 81.5-mile-long (131.2 km) tributary of the Henrys Fork of the Snake River in southeastern Idaho in the United States. It drains through the Teton Valley along the west side of the Teton Range along the Idaho-Wyoming border at the eastern end of the Snake River Plain. Its location along the western flank of the Tetons provides the river with more rainfall than many other rivers of the region.
 The Aracatimirim River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Cumbal is a stratovolcano located in Nariño Department Colombia. It is the southernmost historically active volcano of Colombia.The volcano was the crash site of TAME Flight 120 which crashed in one of its hills while approaching Tulcán on January 28 2002. There were no survivors.
 Mynydd William Meyrick is a 535-metre-high hill straddling the boundary of Bridgend and Rhondda Cynon Taf county boroughs between the valley of the Rhondda Fawr and Ogmore Valley in South Wales. It takes the form of a broad northwest-southeast ridge with numerous broad shoulders extending to the east south and west each of which have different names and some of which constitute minor tops.
 Skaugumsåsen is a mountain in Asker in the county of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 The Răchita River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Bieleboh is a mountain in Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Stierbach (Kainsbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Ludwig is a small lunar impact crater that is located just beyond the eastern limb of the Moon placing it on the far side from the Earth. It lies just to the east of the much larger crater Hirayama and to the north of Ganskiy.The rim of this crater is worn and is somewhat lower in the northern half. The inner walls are uneven slopes that lead down to the interior floor.
 The River Ravensbourne is a tributary of the River Thames in South London England. It flows into the tidal River Thames at Deptford where its tidal reach is known as Deptford Creek.
 Callao Cave is one of the limestone caves located in the Municipality of Peñablanca Cagayan province in the Philippines. The seven-chamber show cave is one of 300 caves that dot the area and the best known natural tourist attractions of the province. The town is named as Peñablanca (Spanish for white rocks) for the presence of white limestone rocks in the area.
 The Jutuva River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Caño Central is a river of Venezuela. It drains into Lake Valencia.
 The Cârțibașu River is a tributary of the Cârțibașu Mare River in Romania.
 The Buzăianu River or Buzoianu River is a tributary of the Şipotele River in Romania.
 Mount Trickett is a mountain located 1362 metres (4469 ft) AHD  on the Great Dividing Range approximately 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of Jenolan Caves in the Central Tablelands of New South Wales Australia.The mountain can be seen from the nearby Jenolan-Oberon Road. The 'summit' or the area generally known as Mount Trickett is topped by a high tower and stands over 500 metres (1600 ft) above Jenolan Caves in the valley below.
 Indian Creek is a tributary of Cobbs Creek in the Philadelphia area of Pennsylvania in the United States.Indian Creek has two branches that have their sources in Wynnewood Montgomery County. The West Branch flows through the neighborhood of Penn Wynne and the East Branch flows through the Green Hill Condominiums. After flowing across City Line Avenue (U.S. Route 1) into Philadelphia they enter Morris Park.
 Kallvatnet (Southern Sami: Gaallajaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The 28.61-square-kilometre (11.05 sq mi) lake lies about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southeast of Skonseng and Røssvoll.
 Grignard is a lunar impact crater on the lunar near side near the northern pole. The crater is located Northeast of Sylvester crater (diameter of 58 km) and is directly adjacent to the Hermite crater (diameter of 104 km). The crater was adopted and named after French chemist Victor Grignard by the IAU in 2009.
 Lottbek is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 The Izvorul cu Hotar River or Hotarul River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Lake Attitash is a lake located on the border of Merrimac Massachusetts and Amesbury Massachusetts and constitutes at least a portion of Amesbury's water supply.There are beaches both on the Amesbury and Merrimac shores. Merrimac's beach is known as Indian Head Park. The lake was formerly known as Kimball's Pond.The lake is popular with seasonal tourists as well as residents. It is normally safe for swimming.
 Wieste is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Bernese Alps are a group of mountain ranges in the western part of the Alps in Switzerland. Although the name suggests that they are located in the Bernese Oberland region of the canton of Bern portions of the Bernese Alps are in the adjacent cantons of Valais Lucerne Obwalden Fribourg and Vaud.
 Schatzenstein is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Rötspitze (Italian: Pizzo Rosso; German: Rötspitze) is a mountain in the Hohe Tauern on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Mount Rodica (1966 m) is a peak in the Julian Alps in Slovenia. It is accessible from Vogel Ski Resort above Ukanc in the Municipality of Bohinj.
 The Angelina River is formed by the junction of Barnhardt and Shawnee creeks three miles northwest of Laneville in southwest central Rusk County Texas (at 32°01′N 94°50′W). The river flows southeast for 120 miles (193 km) and forms the boundaries between Cherokee and Nacogdoches Angelina and Nacogdoches and Angelina and San Augustine counties.
 The Weisshorn (German lit. White Peak) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland. With its 4506 m (14783 ft) summit it is one of the major peaks in the Alps and overtops the nearby Matterhorn by some 30 metres. It was first climbed in 1861 from Randa by John Tyndall accompanied by the guides J.J. Bennen and Ulrich Wenger. In April and May 1991 two consecutive rockslides took place from a cliff above the town of Randa on the east side of the massif.
 Krollbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Søndre Folgefonna is the third largest glacier in mainland Norway and is the largest of the three glaciers constituting Folgefonna. Its highest point is 1660 m (5446 ft) above sea level and its lowest point is 490 m (1608 ft) above sea level.
 The Belice (Sicilian: Bèlici) is a river 77 km in length of western Sicily. From its main source near Piana degli Albanesi it runs south and west for 45.5 km as the Belice Destra (Right Belice) until it is joined on the left by its secondary branch the 42 km Belice Sinistro (Left Belice) which rises on the slopes of Rocca Busambra. The Belice proper then flows for another 30 km or so before entering the Strait of Sicily to the east of the ancient Greek archaeological site of Selinunte.
 Plana is a lunar crater that lies on the boundary between two small lunar mare areas with Lacus Mortis to the north and the larger Lacus Somniorum on the southern side. It is joined to the crater Mason to the east by a short stretch of rugged ground. Due north of Plana in the midst of the Lacus Mortis is the prominent crater Bürg.This is a crater with a slender outer rim that has been worn and eroded by impacts.
 The Comurnic River is a tributary of the Gruiţa River in Romania.
 Rospebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Blue Duck River is a river of New Zealand. A tributary of the Dart River it rises to the south of the Blue Duck Glacier flowing into that river east of Cattle Flat.
 Nöther is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located in the far northern latitudes to the northwest of the walled plain Poczobutt. About two crater diameters to the north-northwest of Nöther lies Niepce.This is an old eroded feature with an outer rim that has become round-shouldered and marked with several small craterlets. The inner wall is narrower along the northeastern side while the southern half is the most heavily marked by impacts.
 The Berevoescu River or Berivoi River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Branco River (Portuguese: Rio Branco; Engl: White River) is the principal affluent of the Rio Negro from the north. It is enriched by many streams from the Tepui highlands which separate Venezuela and Guyana from Brazil. Its two upper main tributaries are the Uraricoera and the Takutu.
 Laguna Larga is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 148 m its surface area is 100 km².
 The Ucișoara Seacă River is a tributary of the Ucea River in Romania.
 The Whangae River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally northeast to reach a southwestern arm of the Bay of Islands.
 Lake Gilmer is four miles (6 km) west of downtown Gilmer Texas in the United States. It is located at State Highway 852 (SH 852).The lake opened on September 29 2001. It is 1010 acres (4.1 km²) in size and has another 1557 acres (6.3 km²) of land that is planned to be developed into hiking and nature trails.
 The Pointe de l'Échelle (3442 m) is a mountain in the Vanoise Massif in Savoie France.
 The Arapiuns River is a river in Pará state in north-central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Tapajós and merges into the latter river about 30 km (19 mi) before Tapajós merges into the Amazon River. Arapiuns is a blackwater river.
 Colle di Sampeyre is a mountain pass in the province of Cuneo in the Cottian Alps. It connects the Varaita valley and the Maira valley.The Colle di Sampeyre can be climbed from Stroppo Sampeyre and Elva. It has been featured in the Giro d'Italia twice in 1995 and 2003.
 The Valea Nisipului River is a tributary of the Şcheiu River in the city of Braşov Romania.
 The Iurescu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa Aurie River in Romania.
 For other rivers in Argentina named Salado see hereThe Salado River (Spanish: Río Salado Spanish pronunciation: [ˈri.o saˈlaðo] Salty River) is a river that crosses several provinces of Argentina flowing 1150 kilometres (710 mi) from its source in the Salta Province to end in the Paraná River in the Santa Fe Province. Because its origin its flow varies widely within the year and it can dry out in some parts of its path during the winter.
 The Dos Bois River (Das Almas River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Slag Hill is a subglacial volcano associated with the Mount Cayley volcanic field in British Columbia Canada. It consists of glassy augite-phyric basaltic andesite in steep-sided glassy finely jointed domes and one small flat-topped bluff. The finely jointed domes are similar to those of Ember Ridge. There are quench features at Slag Hill which is suggesting that the volcanic activity was subglacial.
 Carpenter Mountain is a mountain peak in Jeff Davis County Texas. Its summit is 5826 feet (1776 m) above sea level. Carpenter Mountain is about 12 mi (19 km) west-southwest of Fort Davis Texas.
 Firedrake Lake is a lake in the Northwest Territories Canada.
 Figgjoelva is a Norwegian river origining from Edlandsvatnet lake that runs to the North Sea.
 The Berivoi River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Kettle River also known as Kettle Creek is a tributary of the Blueberry River 17 miles (28 km) long in north-central Minnesota in the United States.
 Mount Nonotuck 827 feet (252 m) is the northernmost peak of the Mount Tom Range of traprock mountains located in the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts and part of the larger Metacomet Ridge which stretches from Long Island Sound to nearly the Vermont border. Rugged and considered scenic the peak rises steeply from the river valley 700 feet (210 m) below.
 The Între Hotare River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Aspenbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Indian Creek is a tributary of Middle Island Creek 14.8 miles (23.8 km) long in northern West Virginia in the United States. Via Middle Island Creek and the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 32.3 square miles (84 km2) in a rural region on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.Indian Creek's course is entirely in eastern Tyler County.
 Cheonggyesan is a mountain in South Korea. It extends over the district of Seocho-gu in Seoul the national capital and the cities of Gwacheon Uiwang and Seongnam in the province of Gyeonggi-do. It has an elevation of 620 m (2034 ft).
 The Liuborajdia River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Pulverbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Sevy Peak at 10480 feet (3190 m) above sea level is a peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 0.39 mi (0.63 km) north-northeast of Dave's Peak its line parent. It is 1.3 mi (2.1 km) south of Decker Peak.
 The Lawe is a river of northern France right tributary of the Lys. Its source is near Magnicourt-en-Comte. It flows generally northeast through Houdain Bruay-la-Buissière Béthune and Lestrem. It flows into the Lys in La Gorgue.
 Pizzo Malora is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It lies approximately 5 km south of Pizzo Castello.
 The Jacalitos Hills are a mountain range in Fresno County California.
 The Borcuțul River is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 Amontons is a tiny lunar crater in the western half of the Mare Fecunditatis. It is a circular cup-shaped formation that has been excavated out of the level surface by the impact and is the same dark hue as the surrounding mare. When the sun is at a low angle multiple ghost-craters are visible in the mare surface to the south-southeast and north of it.
 The River Marden is a small tributary of the River Avon in England. It flows from the hills surrounding Calne and meets the River Avon about a mile upstream of Chippenham. The river has a mean flow of 43 cubic feet per second (1.2 m3/s).
 The Menere River is a river of Grenada.
 Peterson Creek is a river in the Ottawa River drainage basin in Lanark Highlands Lanark County and North Frontenac Frontenac County in eastern Ontario Canada. It flows 9.5 kilometres (5.9 mi) from and unnamed lake to its mouth at the South Branch Clyde River.
 Yale Lake is a 3780 acre reservoir on the Lewis River in the U.S. state of Washington. It lies on the border between Clark County and Cowlitz County. It was created in 1953 with the construction of Yale Dam.
 The Madom da Sgióf is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located between Maggia and Brione in the canton of Ticino.
 Bucks Lake is a reservoir in Plumas County California created in 1928 by the construction of Bucks Storage Dam on Bucks Creek a tributary of the Feather River. The dam is managed by the Pacific Gas and Electric Company.
 Strathnaver or Strath Naver (Scottish Gaelic: Srath Nabhair) is the fertile strath of the River Naver a famous salmon river that flows from Loch Naver to the north coast of Scotland. The term has a broader use as the name of an ancient province also known as the Reay Country (Scottish Gaelic: Dùthaich MhicAoidh) once controlled by the Clan Mackay and extending over most of northwest Sutherland.
 Mount Pisgah is a mountain in the Appalachian Mountain Range and part of the Blue Ridge Mountains of North Carolina United States. The mountain's height is 5721 feet (1744 m) above sea level and it sits approximately 15 miles (24 kilometers) southwest of Asheville near the crossing of the boundaries of Buncombe Haywood Henderson and Transylvania counties.
 The Río Jamapa is located in the Mexican state of Veracruz forming in Citlaltépetl (also known as Pico de Orizaba) and pouring into the Gulf of Mexico in the municipality of Boca del Río (Mouth of the River).
 The Hochmatt is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located south of Jaun in the canton of Fribourg. It lies west of the Gastlosen chain.
 Buffalo Pass elevation 10295 ft (3138 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Park Range of the Rocky Mountains of northern Colorado in the United States.
 Inna is a river that flows through the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The river begins in the east at the lake Innsvatnet located near the border to Sweden and it runs west to Vuku at the confluence of the rivers Inna and Helgåa which together become the river Verdalselva. The river Inna runs through the Inndalen valley through the villages of Sul Garnes Holmen and ends at Vuku.
 Das Minas River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Lake Ruby is a natural freshwater lake in the suburbs southeast of Winter Haven Florida. Lake Ruby has a 259-acre (1050000 m2) surface area. It is one block south of Cypress Gardens Boulevard. Lake Ruby Drive borders most of the lake's north side. All of the west shore the southwest shore and the northeast shore is bordered by gated residential communities. The south side of the lake is bordered by private land and just to the east-southeast is Lake Bess.
 The Sal Amargo River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 The River Avon or Avon /ˈeɪvən/ is a river in or adjoining the counties of Leicestershire Northamptonshire Warwickshire Worcestershire and Gloucestershire in the Midlands of England. Also known as the Warwickshire Avon or Shakespeare's Avon it has been divided since 1719 into the Lower Avon below Evesham and the Upper Avon from Evesham to above Stratford-upon-Avon.
 The Pedieos (ancient Pediaios or Pediaeus or Pidkias) (Greek: Πεδιαίος/Πιθκιάς Turkish: Kanlı Dere) is the longest river in Cyprus. The river originates in the Troodos Mountains close to Machairas Monastery and flows northeast across the Mesaoria plains through the capital city Nicosia. It then steers east meeting the sea at Famagusta Bay close to the ancient Greek city of Salamis.The river has a total length of approximately 100 km.
 Keeri is a lake of Estonia.
 Nienberger Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Gibraltar Mountain is a peak in the Canadian Rockies located 23 km (14 mi) east of Upper Kananaskis Lake Alberta. Named in 1928 due to its physical likeness to the Rock of Gibraltar in the Mediterranean Sea.
 The Aughrim River (Irish: Abhainn Eachroma) flows from confluence of the Derry Water and River Ow south of the village of Aughrim in County Wicklow in Ireland. It flows in a generally easterly direction for approximately 12 km (7.5 mi) following the R747 regional road for its full length before joining the River Avoca in the Vale of Avoca which in turn discharges into the Irish Sea at Arklow.
 The Wolf River is a 40.3-mile-long (64.9 km) river in the U.S. states of Tennessee and Kentucky that rises at the base of the Cumberland Plateau in Fentress County Tennessee and flows westward for several miles before emptying into the Obey River at the Dale Hollow Reservoir. The river is part of the Cumberland River drainage basin and flows primarily in Middle Tennessee and southern Kentucky. Via the Cumberland and Ohio rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 The Arakawa River (荒川 Arakawa) is a river in Fukushima Fukushima Japan.
 The Bangali River (Bengali: বাঙালি নদী) is one of the main rivers in the northern part of Bangladesh (commonly known as North Bengal). As of 2007 the river is in the news because of the possibility that it might merge with the Jamuna River which could lead to major changes in the geography of the region.
 Erlenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Valea la Șipot River ( Hungarian: Sipot-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 The canal de l’Aisne à la Marne is an 58.1 km long canal which connects the Aisne and the Marne valleys. It runs from Berry-au-Bac to Condé-sur-Marne in northeastern France. It was completed in 1866 and rebuilt after being entirely destroyed during World War I.
 The Caracol River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Chiricahua Mountains massif is a large mountain range in southeastern Arizona which is part of the Basin and Range province of the west and southwest USA and northwest Mexico; the range is part of the Coronado National Forest.
 The Misty Montes are a range of mountains on Titan the largest moon of the planet Saturn. The range is located in the northern hemisphere of Titan between 56-7° north and 61-3° east.The Misty Montes are named after the Misty Mountains a range of mountains in J. R. R. Tolkien's fictional world of Middle Earth which appears most prominently in The Hobbit. The name follows a convention that Titanean mountains are named after mountains in Tolkien's work.
 Cubate River is a river of Amazonas state in northwestern Brazil.
 Mount Sugarloaf also known as Great Sugar Loaf is a mountain in the lower Hunter Region of New South Wales Australia overlooking the cities of Newcastle Lake Macquarie Cessnock and Maitland. The summit of the mountain is in the Lake Macquarie suburb of West Wallsend and access to the summit is gained via this suburb. However the mountain itself is also part of the city of Cessnock suburbs Mulbring and Richmond Vale.
 The Mușica River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică River in Romania.
 Lake Villarrica also known as Mallalafquén (its pre-Hispanic name in Mapudungun) is located about 700 kilometers south of Santiago in Chile’s Lake District in the southeast area of the Province of Cautín.
 The Kyū-Yodo River (旧淀川 Kyū-Yodo-gawa) was the main stream of the Yodo River before 1907 when the current (new) Yodo River was constructed by a normalisation project. Now called the Kyū-Yodo River it is a major waterway in central Osaka and the main drainage of Neyagawa river.The name Kyū-Yodo river means former Yodo river in Japanese.
 The Whiteface River is a 64.4-mile-long (103.6 km) tributary of the Saint Louis River in Saint Louis County Minnesota United States. It begins at the outlet of Whiteface Reservoir near Markham and flows southwest joining the Saint Louis River northeast of the city of Floodwood.
 The Scărișoara River is a headwater of the Plescioara River in Romania.
 The M'Goun mountain also rendered as Ighil Mgoun Ighil n’Oumsoud Irhil M’Goun Ighil M’Goun Jebel Mgoun Jebel Ighil M’Goun and Jebel Aït M’goun at 4071 metres (13356 ft) is the fourth highest peak of the Atlas Mountains (After Toubkal Timzguida and Ouenkrim). It is located in the Souss-Massa-Drâa region of Morocco.
 Leck Beck is a watercourse in Lancashire with its source on Crag Hill in Cumbria between Leck Fell and Casterton Fell.For several kilometres near the start of its course the water flows into the Easegill Cave System the longest cave system in Britain (and 11th longest in the world) via 14 major sink holes to converge at a major spring at Leck Beck Head.The rising of Leck Beck Head SD660 800 was dived extensively in the 1980s and required underwater digging and the use of an air chisel to make progress. 
 The Winchuck River (Tolowa: duu-sr-xuu-shi taa-ghin-li~’) is a short coastal stream that runs through the Rogue River–Siskiyou National Forest to the Pacific Ocean in the U.S. states of Oregon and California.
 The Otay River is a river in southern San Diego County California. The 25 mi (40 km) river begins at San Miguel Mountain flows through the Upper- and Lower- Otay Reservoirs and continues on between the southern part of the Chula Vista and the Otay Mesa West district of San Diego and empties into San Diego Bay. Savage Dam completed in 1919 forms the 49510 acre·ft (61070000 m3) Lower Otay Reservoir which is used to supply drinking water to parts of southern San Diego County.
 The Williams Fork is a 27.4-mile-long (44.1 km) tributary of the Yampa River in north central Colorado in the United States.
 The Izvorul Baicului River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 The Paltinul River or Jacotele River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Antaqucha (Quechua anta copper qucha lake copper lake hispanicized spelling Antaccocha) is a lake in Peru. It is situated in the Apurímac Region Andahuaylas Province San Jerónimo District southwest of the mountain Puka Wanaku (Quechua for red guanaco hispanicized Pucahuanaco).
 The Saruwaged Range (also Saruwared Sarawaket or Sarawaget) is a mountain range on the Huon Peninsula in Morobe Province north-eastern Papua New Guinea.
 Lake Llanquihue is the second largest lake in Chile with an area of about 860 square kilometres (330 sq mi). It is situated in the southern Los Lagos Region in the Llanquihue and Osorno provinces. The lake's fan-like form was created by successive piedmont glaciers during the Quaternary glaciations.
 Kjerringvatnet (Southern Sami: Aahkanjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county Norway. The lake lies about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of the lake Røssvatnet.
 Jennings Randolph Lake is a reservoir of 952 acres (3.85 km2) located on the North Branch Potomac River in Garrett County Maryland and Mineral County West Virginia. It is approximately eight miles upstream of Bloomington Maryland and approximately five miles north of Elk Garden West Virginia.
 Neerdar (Wilde Aa) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Hale Creek is a short stream originating in the foothills of Los Altos Hills California in Santa Clara County California United States. Its source is in the Rancho San Antonio Open Space Preserve upstream and east of Neary Quarry. The creek flows northeasterly 4.6 miles (7.4 km) through the cities of Los Altos Hills Los Altos and Mountain View before joining Permanente Creek.
 Pandoras Pass (elevation 788 m) is a mountain pass across the Liverpool Range which is itself a part of the Australian Great Dividing Range.The area was first explored by Europeans in 1823 by the botanist and explorer Allan Cunningham. He discovered the pass on 9 June 1823 after searching for approximately 50 miles from an easterly direction. The pass allowed an easy passage through the mountain range to the Liverpool Plains on the northern side of the mountain range.
 The Lechtal Alps (German: Lechtaler Alpen) are a mountain-range in western Austria and part of the greater Northern Limestone Alps range. Named for the Lech River which drains them north-ward into Germany the Lechtal Alps occupy the Austrian states of Tyrol and Vorarlberg and are known for their diverse rock structure.
 The Tinajas Altas Mountains (O'odham: Uʼuva:k or Uʼuv Oopad) are an extremely arid northwest-southeast trending mountain range in southern Yuma County Arizona approximately 35 mi southeast of Yuma Arizona. The southern end of the range extends approximately one mile into the northwestern Mexican state of Sonora on the northern perimeter of the Gran Desierto de Altar. The range is about 22 mi in length and about 4 mi wide at its widest point.
 The Isar is a river in Tyrol Austria and Bavaria Germany. Its source is in the Karwendel range of the Alps in Tyrol; it enters Germany near Mittenwald and flows through Bad Tölz Munich and Landshut before reaching the Danube near Deggendorf. At 295 km (183 mi) in length it is the fourth largest river in Bavaria after the Danube Inn and Main. It is Germany's second most important tributary of the Danube after the Inn.
 South Mountain is the northern extension of the Blue Ridge Mountain range in Maryland and Pennsylvania. From the Potomac River near Knoxville Maryland in the south to Dillsburg Pennsylvania in the north the 70-mile (110 km) long range separates the Hagerstown and Cumberland valleys from the Piedmont regions of the two states. The Appalachian National Scenic Trail follows the crest of the mountain through Maryland and part of its portion in Pennsylvania.
 Kakisa Lake is a large lake located in the Northwest Territories Canada. It is fed by the Kakisa River and near to the community of Kakisa. An outcropping of the Kakisa Formation occurs along the side of this lake.
 Crawling Valley Reservoir or Barkenhouse Lake is a reservoir in Alberta.
 Little Trees Hill is the highest point of the Gog Magog Downs a ridge of low chalk hills extending for several miles to the south-east of Cambridge in England. Unusually for a Cambridgeshire hill its summit is reachable by a public footpath. A footpath runs from the Magog Down car park on Haverhill Road Stapleford to the top.
 Wendsee is a lake in the state of Brandenburg Germany. It is situated to the west of the city of Brandenburg an der Havel and is one of a number of directly linked lakes along with the Breitlingsee Möserscher See Plauer See and Quenzsee.The lake has a surface area of 80 hectares (200 acres) and has a maximum depth of 4.9 metres (16 ft).The lake is navigable and has direct access to the Plauer See and hence the River Havel at its eastern end where it is spanned by the Seegartenbrücke.
 Brandy Pond is a small lake in Naples Maine United States that is connected to Long Lake by the Chute River. Brandy Pond is connected to Sebago Lake by the Songo River which runs through Sebago Lake State Park. To get to Sebago Lake through the Songo River you must pass through the Songo locks one of the last remaining hand operated locks in the country.
 Schwarzer See is a lake at Borkow in Ludwigslust-Parchim Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. Its surface area is 0.48 km².
 Big Marsh Creek is a stream in Klamath County Oregon United States. It flows 15 miles (24 km) to its mouth at Crescent Creek. Both rivers are part of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System.
 North Peak is an alpine peak just north of Mount Conness in the Sierra Nevada. It is located in Tuolumne County in eastern California in the southwestern United States.
 The Little Tobacco River is a 10.5-mile-long (16.9 km) river in Gladwin County Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of the Tittabawassee River which flows to the Saginaw River.
 Taku Inlet is an inlet located in the U.S. state of Alaska. It extends 18 miles (29 km) in a northeast direction from Stephens Passage in the Alexander Archipelago about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) southeast of Juneau widening to a basin where discharge from the Taku River and Taku Glacier emerges.
 Rabbi Levi is a lunar impact crater that is located among the rugged highlands in the southeastern part of the Moon's near side. Several notable craters are located nearby including Zagut just to the north-northwest the heavily impacted Riccius to the southeast and Lindenau to the northeast next to Zagut.This is a heavily worn and eroded crater formation with several smaller craters lying along the incised rim and across the interior floor.
 Mount Slamet or Gunung Slamet is an active stratovolcano in the Purbalingga Regency of Central Java Indonesia. It has a cluster of around three dozens of cinder cones on the lower southeast-northeast flanks and a single cinder cone on the western flank. The volcano is composed by two overlapping edifices. Four craters are found at the summit.
 Beberbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Acaruay River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Nordre Svarthaugen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Elm River is a 16.0-mile-long (25.7 km) river in western Houghton County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Lake Superior.
 The Iarăș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Valea Sârbului and Pârâul Borvizului
 Boshkung Lake also known by its historic name Lake Boshkung or affectionately as 'Big Boshkung' is a lake in the township of Algonquin Highlands Haliburton County in Central Ontario Canada. It is located near Buttermilk Falls has been a common cottage and recreation destination with a rich history that includes logging children's camps camping and even some farming activities.
 Perriertoppen is the second highest mountain in Svalbard at 1712 m. It is located in the north east of the island of Spitsbergen. The mountain is late Silurian granite.
 Imogene Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 15 miles (24 km) southwest of Stanley. The lake can be accessed from State Highway 75 in the Sawtooth Valley. There is a trailhead downstream of Hell Roaring Lake at the end of Sawtooth National Forest road 097 which is a high clearance road.
 The Medora River is a 2.1-mile-long (3.4 km) tributary of the Montreal River on the Keweenaw Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It forms the outlet of Lake Medora.
 The Râoaia Mică River is a headwater of the Râoaia River in Romania.
 The Santa Margarida Volcano (Catalan: Volcà de Santa Margarida) is a volcano in the comarca of Garrotxa Catalonia Spain. The volcano has a perimeter of 2 kilometers and a height of 682 meters and is part of the Garrotxa Volcanic Zone Natural Park. The hermitage of Santa Margarida after which the volcano was named is inside the crater of the volcano. The building was destroyed in 1428 during the 1428 Catalonia earthquake and rebuilt in 1865.
 The Marque is a 32 km long river in France right tributary of the Deûle. Its source is near the village Mons-en-Pévèle. Its course crosses the Nord département notably the eastern part of the agglomeration of Lille. It flows northwards through the towns of Pont-à-Marcq Tressin Villeneuve d'Ascq Croix and Marcq-en-Barœul finally flowing into the Deûle in Marquette-lez-Lille.
 Mount Piyashiri (ピヤシリ山 Piyashiri-san) is a mountain in the Kitami Mountains. It is located on the border of Nayoro Ōmu and Shimokawa Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Gran Paradiso (French: Grand Paradis) is a mountain in the Graian Alps located between the Aosta Valley and Piedmont regions of north-west Italy.
 The Comandaí River is a river located in the Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Lake Pillsbury is an artificial lake in the Mendocino National Forest of Lake County California created from the waters impounded from the Eel River by Scott Dam. Elevation is 1818 ft (554 m) with 65 mi (105 km) of shoreline and covering 2003 acres (811 ha). Activities in the Lake Pillsbury Recreation Area include powerboating fishing swimming sailing picnicking hiking and hang gliding. There are two main access roads to the lake.
 The Nervión river runs through the city of Bilbao Spain into the Cantabrian Sea (Bay of Biscay).It is also known as Estuary of Bilbao on its final tract from the joining with Ibaizabal river to the sea.
 Sevenmile Creek is a 6.6-mile-long (10.6 km) creek in Nashville Tennessee. It begins at a pond near the intersection of Cloverland Drive and Edmonson Pike near Sterling Oaks in Nashville Tennessee and is a tributary of Mill Creek. Via Mill Creek the Cumberland River and the Ohio River it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 Kleiner Pälitzsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 56.1 m its surface area is 2.01 km².
 The Cigüela or Gigüela is a 225 km long river in Castile-La Mancha Spain tributary to the Guadiana. Its source is near the village Puerto de Cabrejas Iberian System Cuenca Province. The Cigüela along with the Záncara its main tributary is the main water source for the Tablas de Daimiel wetlands.
 The San Leandro Hills are a range of the Pacific Coast Ranges located on the eastern side of the valley which includes San Francisco Bay. They run along the southeastern city limits of Oakland extending southeastward above the city of San Leandro and the unincorporated community of Castro Valley. Geologically they are a southern continuation of the Berkeley Hills to the north. San Leandro Creek drains the canyon along the eastern slope of the hills.
 The Repedea River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Baekseoksan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1364.6 m (4477 ft).
 The West Swan River is a 42.2-mile-long (67.9 km) tributary of the East Swan River of Minnesota flowing to the Saint Louis River and eventually Lake Superior. The West Swan River flows into and out of Snowshoe Lake and Kelly Lake west of Hibbing. Presently there are problems with flowage due to obstructions in the river. The mines that have polluted the river have left it facing severe problems.
 Beaverlodge Lake is a remote lake in northern Saskatchewan Canada located east of Uranium City Saskatchewan. Road access is provided by Saskatchewan Highway 962. The former Eldorado town site is on the lake and there has been extensive uranium exploration in the surrounding area.
 Woori Yallock Creek is a tributary of the Yarra River. It rises on the eastern slopes of the Dandenong Ranges then flows north to join the Yarra River near Woori Yallock.Tributaries of Woori Yallock Creek include Cockatoo Shepherd McCrae and Wandin Yallock creeks.
 Drift Reservoir is a reservoir in Cornwall England UK just north of Drift village southwest of Penzance. The reservoir is approximately a mile (1.6 km) long and covers 65 acres. It has a large dam at its southern end and at the northern end splits into a northwestern and a northeastern arm. It is currently operated by South West Water.
 Loch Chon is a freshwater loch which lies upstream from Loch Ard situated west of the village of Aberfoyle.It releases its water into 4½ km long Chon Water which not far from the outlet passes small Loch Chu and is the main affluent of Loch Ard.Loch Chon itself is fed by several small streams which can be considered to be the true sources of the River Forth.
 Wahnborn is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Albele River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania
 Trupejevo Poldne (1931 m) (German: Techantinger Mittagskogel) is a peak in the Western Karawanken Alps on the border between Slovenia and Austria. From the Slovene side it is accessible from the settlement of Gozd Martuljek via Srednji vrh. From the Austrian side a road from the village of Tetchanting south of Villach from which it gets its German name leads to mountain pastures under the peak.
 The Stones River (properly spelled Stone's River) is a major stream of the eastern portion of Tennessee's Nashville Basin region. It is named after explorer and longhunter Uriah Stone who navigated the river in 1767.
 Lake Wooleen is a DIWA-listed intermittent freshwater lake system in Western Australia. The lake is situated on Wooleen Station approximately 148 kilometres (92 mi) north of Yalgoo and 176 kilometres (109 mi) west of Cue in the Mid West region of Western Australia.The lake is situated on the Yilgarn Craton lying on alluvial and lacrustine valley-fill deposits in the flood plain of the Roderick River.
 Toro Peak in Southern California is the highest mountain in the Santa Rosa Mountain Range. It is located 15 mi (24 km) south of Palm Springs 12 mi (19 km) west of the Salton Sea and 31 mi (50 km) east of Temecula California.Part of the mountain is under the jurisdiction of the San Bernardino National Forest.
 Ellen Brown Lake is a lake of Pictou County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lake Marian is a lake in the Darran Mountains in the Fiordland National Park in the South Island of New Zealand.It is fed and drained by Marian Creek which in turn feeds into the Hollyford River. A tramping track leads to the lake from the Hollyford River valley road.
 Lost River Peak also known as Lost River Mountain at 12078 feet (3681 m) above sea level is the sixth highest peak in Idaho and the fifth highest in the Lost River Range. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest in Custer County. It is 1.8 mi (2.9 km) southeast of Mount Breitenbach its line parent.
 The Sonoma Mountains are a northwest-southeast trending mountain range of the Inner Coast Ranges in the California Coast Ranges System located in Sonoma County Northern California.
 The Benea din Gruiu River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Lake Kazuni is a lake of Malawi. It is located in the Vwaza Marsh Game Reserve.The Kazuni Safari Camp is an important accommodation area near the lake. The lake supports a significant hippo population.
 Canoe Lake is a lake in Sudbury District Ontario Canada. The lake is shaped like an apostrophe and is about 750 metres (2461 ft) long and 550 metres (1804 ft) wide. The primary inflow at the northeast and outflow at the southwest is Yeo Creek.
 Islay Hill is a volcanic cone and is the southernmost of the nine major peaks that make up the Nine Sisters. This chain of extinct volcanoes stretches from Morro Bay in San Luis Obispo County California.
 The Ijen volcano complex is a group of stratovolcanoes in the Banyuwangi Regency of East Java Indonesia. It is inside a larger caldera Ijen which is about 20 kilometers wide. The Gunung Merapi stratovolcano is the highest point of that complex. The name of this volcano resembles that of a different volcano Mount Merapi in central Java also known as Gunung Merapi; there is also a third volcano named Marapi in Sumatra.
 The Vârciorova River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 The Mun River (Thai: แม่น้ำมูล RTGS: Maenam Mun IPA: [mɛ̂ːnáːm muːn]) sometimes spelled Moon River is a tributary of the Mekong river. It carries approximately 26 cubic kilometres of water per year.
 The Fagu River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 The Valea Rogojinii River is a tributary of the Pârâul Moale in Romania.
 The River Culm flows through the Devon Redlands in Devon England and is the longest tributary of the River Exe. It rises in the Blackdown Hills at a spring near RAF Culmhead in Somerset and flows west through Hemyock then Culmstock (in the Culm Valley) to Uffculme. The river turns south through Cullompton (and alongside the M5 motorway) skirting the northern boundary of Killerton Park to join the River Exe on the north-western outskirts of Exeter.
 The Sierra del Carmen also called the Sierra Maderas del Carmen is a northern finger of the Sierra Madre Oriental in the state of Coahuila Mexico. The Sierra begins at the Rio Grande at Big Bend National Park and extends southeast for about 45 miles (72 km) reaching a maximum elevation of 8920 feet (2720 m).
 The Challenger Mountains are a mountain range on Ellesmere Island in Nunavut Canada. The range is the most northern range in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera. The highest mountain in the range is Commonwealth Mountain 2225 m (7300 ft).
 The Col de Balme (2195 m) is a high mountain pass of the Alps located on the border between Switzerland and France. It connects Trient in the Swiss canton of Valais to Argentière in the French department of Haute-Savoie. The pass lies between the summits of Tête de Balme and Les Grandes Otanes.The Col de Balme lies on the Tour du Mont Blanc walk. A restaurant is located above the summit of the pass.
 Lake Péribonca is a lake in southeastern Quebec Canada.
 The Salado River (Oaxaca) is a river of Mexico.
 The Zarqa River (Arabic: نهر الزرقاء‎ Hebrew: נחל יבוק Yabok river) is the second largest tributary of the lower Jordan River after the Yarmouk River. It is the third largest river in the region by annual discharge and its watershed encompasses the most densely populated areas east of the Jordan River. It rises in springs near Amman and flows through a deep and broad valley (which is identified with the biblical Jabbok River) into the Jordan at an elevation 1090 meters (3580 ft) lower.
 Monte Reale is a mountain of the Ligurian Apennines. It is located in the Province of Genoa along the watershed between the basin of the Scrivia Torrent and that of the Vobbia its tributary to the right. It is situated in the more western part of the Regional Natural Park of Antola and flows into the municipal territories of Ronco Scrivia and Isola del Cantone.
 Mount Aso (阿蘇山 Aso-san) is the largest active volcano in Japan and is among the largest in the world. It stands in Aso Kujū National Park in Kumamoto Prefecture on the island of Kyūshū. Its peak is 1592 m above sea level. Aso has one of the largest calderas in the world (25 km north-south and 18 km east-west). The caldera has a circumference of around 120 km (75 mi) although sources vary on the exact distance.
 The Wesenitz is a river in the Free State of Saxony Germany right tributary of the Elbe. Its total length is 83 km. The Wesenitz runs through the tourist regions of the Lusatian Highlands and Saxon Switzerland. Its name is derived from Sorbian language wjaz (Elm).
 Valnesvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. The 4.91-square-kilometre (1.90 sq mi) lake lies along the Norwegian County Road 17 about 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) north of the border with Gildeskål just northeast of Nygårdsjøen. The water in the lake flows out over the Valnesfossen waterfall on its way to the sea.
 The Gros Ventre Range (/ˌɡroʊ ˈvɑːnt/ groh-VAHNT) is part of the Central Rocky Mountains and is located west of the Continental Divide in U.S. state of Wyoming. The highest summit in the range is Doubletop Peak at 11720 feet (3570 m). The Gros Ventre Range is mostly within the Gros Ventre Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest. To the northwest of the range lies the valley known as Jackson Hole. Snow King ski resort is in the range adjacent to the town of Jackson Wyoming.
 Eagles Rest Peak (11258 feet (3431 m)) is in the northern Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming. The peak is located west of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village. The peak rises dramatically almost 4500 feet (1400 m) above Jackson Lake in less than 1 mile (1.6 km). Waterfalls Canyon is to the north of the peak and Snowshoe Canyon lies to the south.
 Pico do Jaraguá (the peak of Jaraguá) is the highest mountain in the Brazilian city of São Paulo at 1135 metres above sea level located at the Serra da Cantareira. Jaraguá means Lord of the Valley in Tupi.
 Hochkönig is the name applied to the highest mountain in the Berchtesgaden Alps Salzburgerland Austria and also to the surrounding mountain group as a whole. The Berchtesgaden Alps form part of the Northern Limestone Alps.
 The Upper Grindelwald Glacier (German: Oberer Grindelwaldgletscher) is one of the two valley glaciers south of Grindelwald on the northern side of the Bernese Alps in the Canton of Berne (the other being the Lower Grindelwald Glacier). It has a length of about 6 km (3.7 mi) and covers an area of nearly 10 km2 (3.9 sq mi). The Upper Grindelwald Glacier arises from a vast snow field south of Schreckhorn and north of Wetterhorn.
 The Liard River flows through Yukon British Columbia and the Northwest Territories Canada. Rising in the Saint Cyr Range of the Pelly Mountains in southeastern Yukon it flows 1115 km (693 mi) southeast through British Columbia marking the northern end of the Rocky Mountains and then curving northeast back into the Yukon and Northwest Territories draining into the Mackenzie River at Fort Simpson Northwest Territories.
 The Onahau River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It has its sources close to the northernmost point of Kahurangi National Park from where it flows northeast to reach Golden Bay to the northwest of takaka. The smaller Little Onahau River follows a roughly parallel course to the southwest of the Onahau River.
 The Sherabad River Shirabad River or Sherabad Darya (Darya meaning river) is a right tributary of the Amu Darya in south-central Tajikistan. It is about 130 kilometres (81 mi) long and drains an area of 11000 square kilometres (4200 sq mi). The river rises in the arid foothills of the Gissar Range and flows south through steppe before flowing through a mountain ridge to empty into the Central Asia plain near Shirabad.
 Aksdalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Tysvær in Rogaland county Norway.
 Deschambault Lake /dəˈʃæmboʊ/ is a freshwater lake in northern Saskatchewan Canada. The identically-named community of Deschambault Lake resides on its shore.
 Nospitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps close to the town of Malbun with a height of 2091 metres (6860 ft).
 Canso is a Martian crater. It lies about 450 kilometres west of the Viking 1 lander slightly northeast of Lunae Planum and west of Chryse Planitia in the Lunae Palus quadrangle. The crater is named after Canso a fishing town in Nova Scotia. The name was officially adopted in 1988 by the International Astronomical Union's Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature (IAU/WGPSN).
 The Medicine Bow River is a 167-mile-long (269 km) tributary of the North Platte River in southern Wyoming in the United States.It rises in the Snowy Range flowing out of the North Gap Lake in southeastern Carbon County. It flows north past Elk Mountain then northeast then northwest past the town of Medicine Bow and between the Shirley Mountains to the north and the Medicine Bow Mountains to the south.
 The Grogan Morgan Range is a mountain range on the northern Bathurst Island Nunavut Canada. It is one of the northernmost mountain ranges in the world which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
 The Kings River is a major river of south-central California. About 125 miles (201 km) long it drains an area of the high western Sierra Nevada and the Central Valley. A large alluvial fan has formed where the river's gradient decreases in the Central Valley so the river divides into distributaries.
 Gra de Fajol Petit is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2567 metres (8422 ft) above sea level.
 Danseoksan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 827 metres.
 The Rocky River is a 31.0-mile-long (49.9 km) stream in the east-central portion of Middle Tennessee in the United States. It is a tributary of the Caney Fork and is part of the Cumberland Ohio and Mississippi watersheds. The lower portion of the river is part of the reservoir created by Great Falls Dam which is located near the river's confluence with the Caney Fork.
 Mount Ashibetsu (芦別岳 Ashibetsu-dake) is a mountain located on the border between Ashibetsu and Furano Hokkaidō Japan. It is part of the Yūbari Mountains.
 San Cipriano (Spanish pronunciation: [san sipɾiˈano]) is a small village located at 200 metres above sea level on the Pacific nearby the port of Buenaventura Valle del Cauca Department Colombi.
 The Beletin River or Belenicia River is a tributary of the Mehadica River in Romania.
 Sinarka (Russian: Синарка) is a stratovolcano located at the northern end of Shiashkotan Island Kuril Islands Russia.
 Cusack Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mount Yōtei (羊蹄山 Yōtei-zan literally sheep-hoof mountain) is an active stratovolcano located in Shikotsu-Toya National Park Hokkaidō Japan. It is also called Yezo Fuji or Ezo Fuji (蝦夷富士) Ezo being an old name for the island of Hokkaido because it resembles the more famous Mount Fuji. The mountain is also known as Makkari Nupuri (マツカリヌプリ) and Mount Shiribeshi (後方羊蹄山 Shiribeshi-yama). It is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan.
 Greers Ferry Lake is the reservoir formed by Greers Ferry Dam a United States Army Corps of Engineers dam in Northern Arkansas. It is located about 60 miles (100 km) north of Little Rock. It is often ranked as one of the top ten clearest cleanest and most pristine lakes in all of North America.
 The Chichiregu River is a tributary of the Beu River in Romania.
 The Romanați River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Parkhouse Hill is a small but distinctive hill in the Peak District National Park in the English county of Derbyshire. It lies on the north side of the River Dove close to the border with Staffordshire.Geologically the hill is the remains of an atoll (a 'reef knoll') which is believed to have existed during the Carboniferous period when what is now the Peak District was covered by a tropical sea.
 Leimbach (Wehre) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Fort Lewis Mountain is a mountain which stretches from Ironto in Montgomery County Virginia to Masons Cove in Roanoke County Virginia. The rural community of Bradshaw is located in the narrow valley between the south slope of Catawba Mountain and the north slope of Fort Lewis Mountain. The south slope of the mountain faces the western Roanoke Valley and is directly across from Poor Mountain. Fort Lewis Mountain is separated from Brushy Mountain by a narrow gap formed by Masons Creek.
 Thousand Lake Mountain is in South-Central Utah United States just North and West of Capitol Reef National Park and North of Boulder Mountain. Thousand Lake Mountain is surrounded by several small towns (Loa Lyman Fremont Bicknell Teasdale and Torrey). The areas on and around Thousand Lake Mountain are used for farming camping hiking horseback riding hunting and fishing. Thousand Lake Mountain is located in the easternmost section of Fishlake National Forest.
 Lake Ngozi is the second largest crater lake in Africa. It can be found near Tukuyu a small town in the highland Rungwe District Mbeya Region of southern Tanzania in East Africa.
 Pavis Wood is an area of woodland on a hill located near Hastoe in Tring north-western Hertfordshire England. A point on its eastern slopes is the highest point in the county of Hertfordshire at 244 m (801 ft). The area is often considered as ancient woodland containing a wide variety of plants such as the Yellow Pimpernel and Wood Mellick.
 Marias Pass (el. 5213 ft/1589 m) is a high mountain pass near Glacier National Park in northwestern Montana in the United States.The pass traverses the Continental Divide in the Lewis Range along the boundary between the Lewis and Clark National Forest and the Flathead National Forest.
 Yellowstone Lake is the largest body of water in Yellowstone National Park The lake is 7732 feet (2376 m) above sea level and covers 136 square miles (350 km2) with 110 miles (177 km) of shoreline. While the average depth of the lake is 139 feet (42 m) its deepest spot is at least 390 feet (118 m).
 The Sas dles Diesc (German: Zehner; Italian: Sasso delle Dieci) is a mountain near La Val in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Bornes Massif (French: Massif des Bornes) is a mountainous massif in the north French Prealps in the département of Haute-Savoie. It has 20 peaks higher than 2000 m and is a popular destination for winter sports. The Massif is the source of the celebrated cheese Reblochon.
 Togwotee Pass (pronounced toga-tee) (el. 9658 ft/2944 m) is a mountain pass located on the continental divide in the Absaroka Mountains of the United States between the towns of Dubois and Moran Junction Wyoming in the Jackson Hole valley.U.S. Highway 287 and U.S. Highway 26 cross the pass which is located approximately 25 miles (40 km) east of Moran Junction. The pass provides the most direct access to Grand Teton National Park from eastern Wyoming.
 The High Island Reservoir (Chinese: 萬宜水庫; Mandarin Pinyin: Wànyí shuǐkù; Jyutping: maan6 ji4 seoi2 fu3; Cantonese Yale: maan6 yi4 seui2 fu3) located in the far south eastern part of the Sai Kung Peninsula was opened in 1978 helping to alleviate water shortage problems in Hong Kong. Its water capacity is approximately 273 million cubic metres. The area it occupies was originally the Kwun Mun Channel (官門海峽) which separated High Island from the Sai Kung Peninsula.
 The Río Rosario is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Red River 100 miles (161 km) long is a major stream of north-central Tennessee and south-central Kentucky and a major tributary of the Cumberland River. It rises in Sumner County Tennessee south of Portland. Trending generally northwest it is crossed by several roads notably State Route 76 U.S. Route 31W and Interstate 65. A major tributary the South Fork forms nearby and runs parallel and south of the main river for several miles.
 Mount Tekari (光岳 Tekari-dake) is part of the Akaishi Mountains on the border of Shizuoka and Nagano prefectures in Japan. It is the southernmost mountain in the Akaishi Mountains and the southernmost mountain over 2500 metres (8202 ft) in Japan.
 The Arte River is a perennial river of the Bemm River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Ronas Hill (or Rönies Hill) (450m) is a Marilyn the highest point of Mainland Shetland in Scotland. There is a Neolithic chambered cairn near the summit.
 The Mazaro (spelt also as Màzaro) is a river in Sicily Italy.The Mazaro river flows 28 km across South-Western Sicily from its source in Rapicaldo located within the Salemi city boundaries to the Mediterranean Sea in Mazara del Vallo.
 Shoal Creek is a 56.9-mile-long (91.6 km) stream that arises in Lawrence County Tennessee and enters the Tennessee River in Lauderdale County Alabama where its lower reaches are impounded in the backwater of Wilson Dam.Historically Shoal Creek was an important source of water power for the cotton industry in Lawrence County. Among the early users of the stream's water power was David Crockett who settled near the creek bank in 1817 and started a powder mill grist mill and distillery.
 Kleine Weisach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Turó del Samont is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1272 metres above sea level.
 The Barcheș River or Barheș River is a tributary of the Caraş River in Romania.
 The Sulegg is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Saxeten in the Bernese Oberland. It lies on the group between the Saxettal and the Soustal on the left side of the Lauterbunnen valley.
 The Valea Pietricelelor River is a headwater of the Boia Mare River in Romania.
 Braude is a lunar impact crater located on the far side of the Moon. The crater is named after radio astronomer Semion Braude. The crater was adopted by the IAU in 2009. The nearest major feature is the Schrödinger crater. Also located nearby is the Wiechert crater which is located less than 170 kilometers from the southern pole.
 The Turnerkamp is a mountain in the Zillertal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Bearhat Mountain (8684 feet (2647 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Bearhat Mountain is immediately west of Hidden Lake.
 Pomerape is a stratovolcano lying on the border of northern Chile and Bolivia (Oruro Department Sajama Province Curahuara de Carangas Municipality). It is part of the Payachata complex of volcanoes together with Parinacota Volcano to the south. It is of Pleistocene age.Climbing the volcano is alpine grade AD sometimes on 50+ degree snow/rubble slope. A camp can be established at 5300 metres (17390 ft) at the saddle between Parinacota and Pomerape.
 The Cais River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Piz Nair is a mountain in the Sesvenna Alps located north of the Fuorn Pass in the canton of Graubünden.The mountain is part of the Swiss National Park.
 Crum Hill 2841 feet (866 m) located in northwest Massachusetts USA in the towns of Monroe and Florida is the highest point in Franklin County. The mountain part of the Hoosac Range (a west facing escarpment rising from the Hoosic River Valley directly east of North Adams Massachusetts) is crossed by a trail system maintained by a local snowmobile club the Florida Mountaineers.
 Haber is a lunar impact crater on the lunar far side near the northern pole. The crater was adopted and named after German chemist Fritz Haber by the IAU in 2009.
 Norfbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Kanmuri (冠山 Kanmuri-yama) is a mountain located on the border between Gifu and Fukui prefectures in the Chūbu region of Japan. It is 1256.6 m (4123 ft) tall and part of the Ryōhaku Mountains. It is also the source of the Ibi River.The mountain peak has a small area that can only hold about 10 people but it offers an unobstructed 360-degree panoramic view. There is also a triangulation station on the peak.
 Oeumsan is a mountain in the counties of Hongcheon and Hoengseong Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 930 m (3051 ft).
 The Ala-Archa River (Kyrgyz: Ала-Арча ) is a river flowing through Alamudun District of Chuy Province of Kyrgyzstan. It rises on the northern slopes of Kyrgyz Ala-Too and flows in north direction to enter the Chu River in Chuy Valley . Ala-Archa River has a length of 78 km and the basin area of 233 km ². Its water comes majorly from glaciers and snow.
 The Ciocadia River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania. The upper reach of the rives is also known as Cărpiniș River.
 Mount Chester is a mountain located in the Smith-Dorrien Creek Valley of Kananaskis in the Canadian Rockies. The mountain was named in 1917 after HMS Chester which was severely damaged in the Battle of Jutland.Chester Lake is located in a small valley just northwest of the base of the mountain.
 The Balsas River (Panama) is a river of Panama.
 Butte Creek is tributary to the Sacramento River joining the river in the vicinity of Colusa California USA. About 93 miles (150 km) in length it runs through much of Butte County California (the county however receives its name from the Sutter Buttes in Sutter County California).
 Sandåtinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 At 2304 metres (7559 ft) the Treffauer is the third highest mountain in the Kaisergebirge range of the Alps. It lies in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
 Armstrong Peak is a peak 1470 metres (4820 ft) high standing 15 nautical miles (28 km) southeast of Mount Codrington in Enderby Land part of the Australian Antarctic Territory in East Antarctica.
 Errwood Reservoir is a drinking-water reservoir in the Peak District National Park within the county of Derbyshire and very close to the boundary with Cheshire. The reservoir was the second of two reservoirs built in the Goyt Valley the other one being Fernilee Reservoir. It was constructed by the Stockport Water Corporation at a cost of £1.5 million with work being completed in 1967; it is currently owned and operated by United Utilities.
 The Urupaça River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Comite River is a right bank tributary of the Amite River with a confluence near the city of Denham Springs east of Baton Rouge Louisiana. The river is 56.1 miles (90.3 km) long. Its drainage basin comprises approximately 348 square miles (900 km2) and includes portions of Wilkinson and Amite counties in Mississippi and East Feliciana and East Baton Rouge parishes in Louisiana.
 Windebyer Noor (Danish: Vindeby Nor) is a lake in Kreis Rendsburg-Eckernförde Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 0 m its surface area is 389.3 ha. The lake belongs to Eckernförde.
 Suapure River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Râul Mare or Canciu River is a headwater of the Cugir River in Romania.
 Imogene Pass (el. 3997 m./13114 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains in the southwest part of the US state of Colorado.It crosses a ridge connecting Ouray Colorado with Telluride Colorado and is the highest mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains and the second highest vehicular mountain crossing in Colorado.
 Howse Pass (el. 1539 m or 5049 ft) is a pass through the Rocky Mountains in Canada. The pass is located in Banff National Park between Mount Conway and Howse Peak. From here waters flow east via Conway Creek Howse River North Saskatchewan River to Lake Winnipeg and Hudson Bay. To the west it drains by the Blaeberry River to the Columbia River and on to the Pacific Ocean. The pass was used by First Nations people such as the Kootenay to the west and Piegan Blackfeet to the east.
 The Frümsel is a one of the peaks of the Churfirsten group located in the Appenzell Alps. It lies between the valley of Toggenburg and Lake Walenstadt in the canton of St. Gallen. The summit is easily accessible by a trail on the northern side.
 Malham Tarn is a glacial lake near the village of Malham in the Yorkshire Dales England. It is 377 metres (1237 ft) above sea level making it the highest lake in England. The lake is one of only eight upland alkaline lakes in Europe. Its geology flora and fauna have led to it being listed under a number of conservation designations.
 Pulower See is a lake in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 10.9 m its surface area is 0.103 km².
 White Salmon Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the west slopes of Mount Shuksan. White Salmon Glacier is a series of small glaciers that descend to the north from a ridge feature known as Shuksan Arm. A climbers route follows the White Salmon Glacier to Fisher Chimney which is provides an faster approach than others to the summit of Mount Shuksan.
 The Hochfrottspitze is a 2649 metre high mountain made of dolomite in the Allgäu Alps near Oberstdorf in Germany and the highest German mountain in the Allgäu Alps. The border with Austria runs along its ridge.Together with the Trettachspitze and Mädelegabel the Hochfrottspitze forms the famous triumvirate of peaks on the main crest of the Allgäu Alps. The busy Heilbronn Way (Heilbronner Weg) runs past it to the south and east about 100-150 metres below the summit.
 The peak of Mount Hillaby is the highest point on the Eastern Caribbean island of Barbados. The peak is located in the parish of Saint Andrew. It immediately overlooks the area known as the Scotland District to the north and east which comprises geologically old sediments prone to erosion.
 The Blue Stack Mountains or Bluestack Mountains also called the Croaghgorms (Irish: na Cruacha Gorma meaning the blue stacks) are the major mountain range in the south of County Donegal Ireland. They provide a barrier between the south of the county such as Donegal Town and Ballyshannon and the towns to the north and west such as Dungloe and Letterkenny.
 The Puniu River is a river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. As a tributary of the Waipa River (itself a tributary of the Waikato River and at a length of 57 kilometres it is one of the longest secondary tributaries in New Zealand.The Puniu flows initially north from sources within the Pureora Forest Park veering northwest to pass south of the towns of Kihikihi and Te Awamutu before meeting the Waipa River three kilometres south of Pirongia.
 Sumner is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon beyond the northeastern limb. It is southwest of the larger crater Szilard and southeast of the twin walled plains Fabry and Harkhebi.This crater formation has been heavily damaged by a history of impacts leaving an irregular battered outer rim. A smaller impact crater has merged into the southern rim; the northern rim is little more than an irregular arcing range of ridges.
 Wolfach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Sierra de Cuera (Asturian: Sierra del Cuera) is a 30 km long mountain chain of the Cantabrian Mountains.The ridge's highest point is Pico Turbina (1315 m). This mountain range is located at 6 km from the sea and runs parallel to the coast. It lies within the Cabrales Llanes Peñamellera Alta Peñamellera Baja and Ribadedeva municipal terms.
 The Grui River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania. Its length is 10 km (6 mi).
 Mills Glacier is an alpine glacier near the base of the east mountain face of Longs Peak in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado.
 Monte Groppo Rosso is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the provinces of Genoa and Piacenza. It lies at an altitude of 1593 metres.
 The Hertford Union Canal or Duckett's Canal is a short stretch (c. 1.5 km) of canal in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in East London. It connects the Regent's Canal to the Lee Navigation. It was opened in 1830 but quickly proved to be a commercial failure. It was acquired by the Regents Canal Company in 1857 and became part of the Grand Union Canal in 1927.
 The Irminger Sea is a marginal sea of the North Atlantic Ocean. It is 480 km long and 290 km wide at its narrowest. The northern limit is the Greenland-Iceland Rise on the bottom of Denmark Strait between Iceland and East Greenland which connects to Greenland Sea. To the southwest it reaches to Cape Farvel the southern tip of Greenland and meets the Labrador Sea at this point. South of this point is the open North Atlantic Ocean.
 Tulian Lake a lake and tourist destination at Pahalgam in Anantnag District of the state of Jammu and Kashmir India. It lies at an altitude of 3353 metres (11001 ft) above sea level 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) from Pahalgam and 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) from Bai Saran. The lake often has chunks of ice floating in it. It is surrounded on three sides by mountains that rise 300 metres (980 ft) above it and that are usually covered with snow.
 Ndete Napu is a fumarole field in the center of Flores island Indonesia. It is located along the Lowomelo river valley and contains mudpots and high-pressure water fountains. The field is listed as an active volcano based on its thermal activity.
 Lac de Gérardmer is a lake at Gérardmer Vosges France. At an elevation of 660 m its surface area is 1.16 km².
 Blue Rock Springs Creek is a 3.4-mile-long (5.5 km) stream that rises on Sulfur Springs Mountain in southwestern Solano County California. A bicycle trail is positioned along the creekside in some of the lower reaches. Water quality is impaired in Blue Rock Springs Creek due to historic cinnabar extraction in this watershed.
 Bell Mountain is a desert mountain with summit and elevation of 3897 feet (1188 m) in the Mojave Desert of Southern California. It is located north of Apple Valley in San Bernardino County.
 Irgina (Russian: Иргина) is a river in Perm Krai and Sverdlovsk Oblast Russia a left tributary of Sylva River which in turn is a tributary of Chusovaya River. The length of the river is 91 km. The area of drainage basin is 1150 km². Main tributaries: Shurtan River (left) Turysh River (right).
 The Little Sandy River is a tributary roughly 15 miles (24 km) long of the Bull Run River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Forming west of Mount Hood in the Mount Hood National Forest it flows generally west roughly parallel to the Sandy River to the south. Its entire course lies in Clackamas County and most of its main stem and tributaries are within the Bull Run Watershed Management Unit (BRWMU) a restricted zone that protects Portland's main water supply.
 The Frasassi Caves (Italian: Grotte di Frasassi) are a remarkable karst cave system in the municipality of Genga Italy in the province of Ancona Marche. They are among the most famous show caves in Italy.
 The Valea Romană River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
 The Râul Sârbului is a tributary of the Viteazu River in Romania.
 Qarwarasu (Quechua qarwa leaf worm larva of a beetle / pale / yellowish / golden Ancash Quechua rasu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized spellings Carhuaraso Carhuarasu Carhuarazo Ccarhuaraso Ccarhuarasu Ccarhuarazo Qarwarazo) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 5112 m (16772 ft) high. It is located in the Ayacucho Region Lucanas Province Chipao District as well as in the Sucre Province Soras District.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 Muddy Kill is a 4.2-mile-long (6.8 km) tributary of the Wallkill River that runs entirely through the town of Montgomery in Orange County New York USA. It rises from a small pond just over a mile (1.7 km) west of the village of Walden flowing first southwesterly then roughly due south to empty into the Wallkill just upstream from the village of Montgomery.Its course takes it mostly through areas cleared for agriculture although not all are presently cultivated.
 The Gjelsvik Mountains are a group of mountains about 25 nautical miles (50 km) long between the Sverdrup Mountains and the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains in Queen Maud Land East Antarctica. With its summit at 2705 metres (8875 ft) the massive Risemedet Mountain forms the highest point in these mountains also marking their eastern end.
 Fairbank Lake is a lake in Northern Ontario Canada located within the Walden region of Greater Sudbury.
 The Mărgăuța River is a tributary of the Săcuieu River in Romania.
 Willis Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mount Isto is one of the highest peaks in the Brooks Range of Alaska.
 Albysjön (Swedish for Lake Alby) is a lake forming part of Lake Mälaren. It separates Botkyrka Municipality and Huddinge Municipality in south-western Stockholm Sweden.The lake which is filling a geological fault has steep cliffs along the western shore. To the north it connects to Vårbyfjärden through the narrow strait Fittja näset.
 Knouff Lake also known as Sullivan Lake is a lake located 45 km (28 mi) north of Kamloops at an elevation of 1149 metres. Access is off the Yellowhead Highway via the Heffley Creek Road or alternatively via Vinsulla off the Yellowhead Highway which is located approximately 5 km further past Heffley Creek Road. It is a medium sized lake with a large population of moderate to large rainbow trout which are often fished using caddisfly as bait.
 Hanging Rocks are perpendicular cliffs rising nearly 300 feet (91 m) above the South Branch Potomac River in Hampshire County in the U.S. state of West Virginia. Hanging Rocks are located four miles (6 km) north of Romney at Wappocomo on West Virginia Route 28. Hanging Rocks has also been known throughout its history as Painted Rocks and Blue's Rocks.
 The Boggeragh Mountains (Irish: An Bhograch) are located in County Cork Ireland the Munster Blackwater is north and the River Lee south of the hills. With an elevation of 643m (2109ft) the highest peak is Musheramore (Irish: Muisire Mór).Construction of a wind farm in the area started in September 2009. In February 2010 19 units of Vestas V90-3MW MW wind turbines are up and running.
 The Stirone is a small river of Emilia-Romagna in north Italy a left tributary of the Taro which it joins shortly before the latter enters the Po.The sources of the river are on the slopes of Monte Mezzano and Monte Santa Cristina. Part of the course of the rvier forms the boundary between the provinces of Piacenza and Parma. It then forms the basis of the Parco Regionale Fluviale Stirone which is especially known for its fossils and reaches the town of Fidenza.
 Kao is a small lunar crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon. It lies near the southern edge of the Mare Smythii a lunar mare that continues onto the far side of the surface. This crater lies to the east-southeast of the crater Widmannstätten. Less than a crater diameter to the north-northeast is the small crater Tucker.This crater forms part of a merged pair with Helmert to the south.
 The Mölssee or Lake Moels can be found at the upper part of the Wattental valley at a height of 2240 metres. With an area of 0.0346 km² it is one larger lakes in the area. The lake can be reached by following the Wattental Road beginning in Wattens. Then above the Moels Alp the lake may be gained by walking up a pretty steep trail heading for the Moels col (Mölser Scharte).
 The Bodie Hills are a low mountain range in Mono County California is where the mining district and town of Bodie California is located. The Hills are between Bridgeport and the Nevada border where they become the Bodie Mountains in Mineral County Nevada. The Sierra Nevada (U.S.) Range towers to the west.Early Native American peoples of the Mono tribe and Northern Paiute people inhabited this locale and engaged in trade with distant coastal tribes such as the Chumash in Southern California.
 The Tioughnioga River /taɪ.əˈnoʊɡə/ is a 34.2-mile-long (55.0 km) tributary of the Chenango River in central New York in the United States. It drains a dissected plateau area east of the Finger Lakes at the northernmost edge of the watershed of the Susquehanna River.The name comes from a native word for forks of the river or meeting of waters. The river was also called Tiohujodha by the Moravians.
 Mont Faron is a mountain overlooking the city and roadstead of Toulon France. It is 584m high. At its peak is a memorial dedicated to the 1944 Allied landings in Provence (Operation Dragoon) and to the liberation of Toulon.The top can be reached either by a cable car from Toulon or by a steep and narrow road which ascends from the west side and descends on the east side.
 Monte Caburaí is a mountain located on the border between the South American countries of Brazil and Guyana standing at 1465 metres (4806 ft) above sea level. The source of the Uailã or Ailã river located on the mountain is the northernmost point of Brazil.
 Lusen (Czech: Luzný) is a mountain in Bavaria (Germany) and in the Plzeň Region (Czech Republic). Its peak is about 4450 feet (1360 m) south of the Czech Republic–Germany border. Streams forming on the north side become tributaries of the Vydra.The Lusen is popular for hiking in summer and winter. There is a winter trail which is usually cleared of snow.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Bălăneasa River in Romania.
 Niinsaare is a lake of Estonia.
 The Changuinola River is a river of Panama.
 Garnedd Goch is a top of Craig Cwm Silyn in Snowdonia north Wales. It is one of the peaks that forms the Nantlle Ridge. It is the third highest point.The summit is strewn with rock debris and has a trig point and a cairn. The panorama includes the Nebo TV mast. The summit is also one of the few places from which the three castles of Cricieth Harlech and Caernarfon can be seen.
 Pas de Peyrol (el. 1589 m) is a mountain pass located in Auvergne France and is the highest road pass in the Massif Central. The pass is on the slopes of Puy Mary (1787 m) and is situated at the junction of three roads: D17 to the south-west towards Aurillac via the Col de Redondet (1531 m) then down the valley of the River Jordanne. D680 to the north-west towards Salers D680 to the east towards Dienne down the valley of the River Santoire
 Sveningen is a mountain in the municipalities of Bergen Samnanger and Os in Hordaland county Norway. Located directly south of Gullfjellet the summit of Sveningen is situated at 842 metres above sea level on the border between the municipalities. It is the second highest mountain in Bergen after Gullfjellet and the highest in Os.
 The Tătaru River is a tributary of the Putna Noroioasă River in Romania.
 Ĳsselmeer (Dutch pronunciation: [ˌɛi̯.səɫ.ˈmeːr]; Lake IJssel alternative spelling: Lake Yssel; Frisian: Iselmar) is a shallow artificial lake of 1100 km² in the central Netherlands bordering the provinces of Flevoland North Holland and Friesland with an average depth of 5 to 6 m. The Ĳsselmeer is the largest lake in Western Europe.The Ĳsselmeer is a freshwater lake fed through the Ketelmeer by the river IJssel which gives it its name.
 El Capitan is a layered rock outcrop found within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars this geological outcrop was first discovered and observed by the Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity in February 2004. The rock outcrop was named for El Capitan a topographical mountain lying within the state Texas.
 Lake Morehurehu is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Puig de Dòrria is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2547 metres above sea level.
 The Tauranga Taupo River is a river of the Hawke's Bay and Waikato Regions of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from its sources at the northern end of the Kaimanawa Range to reach the eastern shore of Lake Taupo close to the settlement of Rangiita 12 kilometres northeast of Turangi.
 Roter See (bei Kakeldütt) is a lake in Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 59.6 m its surface area is 0.11 km².
 The Taió River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Dos Arantes River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Götzinger Achen is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Bass River is a 3.6-mile-long (5.8 km) stream in Ottawa County Michigan. It flows into the Grand River.
 The South Santiam River is a tributary of the Santiam River about 66 miles (106 km) long in western Oregon in the United States. It drains an area of the Cascade Range into the Willamette Valley east of Corvallis.It rises in the Cascades in southeastern Linn County in the Willamette National Forest at 44.374291°N 122.218128°W﻿ / 44.374291; -122.218128﻿ (South Santiam River source). It flows briefly north then generally west through the Western Cascades and Cascadia.
 The Valea Boului River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 Carn Kenidjack (grid reference SW388329) is a hill in Tregeseal Cornwall. It is covered in megaliths including Tregeseal East stone circle.
 The Flutgraben is a canal in Erfurt Thuringia Germany. It is a flood control channel created between 1890 and 1898 in order to prevent flooding of the river Gera in the city centre of Erfurt.
 Ovrejaevrie (Southern Sami) or Orvatnet (Norwegian) is a lake in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The water from the lake flows out through the river Orelva into the lake Namsvatnet. This lake lies within Børgefjell National Park less than 250 metres (820 ft) to the west of the border with Sweden.
 Sentinel Peak is a prominent limestone peak west of the Continental Divide in British Columbia Canada. It is located north of the town of Prince George.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Mad River is a tributary to the Winooski River in Vermont. It has its headwaters in Granville Gulf then flows north through the towns of Warren Waitsfield and Moretown before entering the Winooski River just downstream from Middlesex. Other towns within the Mad River watershed are the entire Town of Fayston and a portion of the Town of Duxbury. Relative to other rivers in the state the Mad River is fairly rocky and clear making it a popular for swimming.
 The Meade River flows into Admiralty Bay along the North Slope of the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins near Kulugra Ridge in the National Petroleum Reserve–Alaska and flows generally north past Atqasuk to the bay at the southern end of Dease Inlet on the Beaufort Sea.
 The Ohaba River or Valea Mare River ( Hungarian: Ohába-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Tudor Creek is one of two main water bodies separating Mombasa Island (and the city of Mombasa) from the Kenyan mainland (the other body being Kilindini Harbour).Before the estuary into the Indian Ocean the tidal creek passes under the Nyali Bridge and is bordered to the west by the Makupa Causeway.The source of the river that becomes the creek is near the town of Mariakani approximately 20 miles (32 km) north-west of Mombasa.
 Ostrander Lake is a 54.2-acre (21.9 ha) lake that is located near the tri-county corner of Delta County Michigan Alger and Schoolcraft countries in the Hiawatha National Forest. The chain consists of Skeels Lake Corner Lake Deep Lake and Straits Lake. Other nearby lakes include Hugaboom Lake Blue Lake Ironjaw Lake the Corner-Straits Chain of lakes Toms Lake and Round Lake.
 The Valea Șoimului River is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
 Mount Shaw is a mountain located within the Castle in the Clouds estate in Carroll County New Hampshire. With a summit elevation of 2990 feet (911 m) it is the highest of the Ossipee Mountains.
 Rutajärvi is a medium-sized lake in Joutsa municipality next to the Leivonmäki National Park in Central Finland region. The western shores of the lake are included to the park.
 The Vladimiru River is a tributary of the Priboiașa River in Romania.
 Weißach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Valea Colbului River is a tributary of the Ilba River in Romania.
 The Jalua Volcano is a volcano located in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea. It is a stratovolcano with no eruption ever recorded.
 The Giferspitz is a 2542 metres high mountain in the western Bernese Alps overlooking Gstaad in the canton of Berne. It is the highest summit of the massif between Gstaad and Lenk north of the Wildhorn. The summit can be accessed via a trail on the northern side.
 The Bavarian Alps (German: Bayerische Alpen) are a mountain range in the north-eastern part of the Alps.
 The Siriașu River is a tributary of the Siriu Mic River in Romania.
 The Columbia Slough is a narrow waterway about 19 miles (31 km) long in the floodplain of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Oregon. From its source in the Portland suburb of Fairview the Columbia Slough meanders west through Gresham and Portland to the Willamette River about 1 mile (1.6 km) from the Willamette's confluence with the Columbia. It is a remnant of the historic wetlands between the mouths of the Sandy River to the east and the Willamette River to the west.
 The Marquis River is a river of Grenada.
 Božac (Serbian Cyrillic: Божац) is a mountain in central Serbia above the town of Ivanjica. Its highest peak Božac has an altitude of 1281 meters above sea level.
 Pachpadra Lake is a salt lake near Pachpadra in Barmer District Rajasthan India. Its sodium chloride level is marked at 98%.
 Mount Oberlin (8180 feet (2493 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Mount Oberlin is just northwest of Logan Pass. Below the summit to the northwest water and melting snow off Mount Oberlin lead to the 492 feet (150 m) Bird Woman Falls one of the tallest waterfalls in Glacier National Park.Dr. Lyman B. Sperry a member of an 1895 party exploring the Glacier Park region named the mountain after his employer Oberlin College.
 The Lakeside Mountains are about a 34-mile-long (55 km) mountain range located on the southwest perimeter of the Great Salt Lake; the range is located in northeast Tooele County Utah and south Box Elder County.The range consists of a 13-mile-long north-trending section and a southeast stretch composed of variable-height peaks and lower elevations as well as a massif section containing the mountain range highpoint.The north section of the range terminus is at the community of Lakeside Utah and the region lies on an eastern border of the Great Salt Lake Desert.
 Jacaré River (Purus River) is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Mount Avalon is a 3442-foot-high (1049 m) mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire United States. It is a small rocky spur of Mount Field overlooking Crawford Notch in the White Mountains. Avalon's summit is reached by a spur from the Mount Avalon Trail which climbs to the summit of Mount Field.The slopes of Mount Avalon drain to Crawford Brook which flows north from Crawford Notch to the Ammonoosuc River part of the Connecticut River watershed.
 West Depot Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the north slopes of Mount Redoubt. Depot Glacier descends from 7400 to 5900 ft (2300 to 1800 m). Melt from the glacier feeds into Depot Creek which flows into Chilliwack Lake. A ridge separates West Depot Glacier from Depot Glacier to the east.
 White Side is a fell in the English Lake District. It is situated to the east of Thirlmere and to the west of Glenridding valley. This places White Side in the Helvellyn range of the Eastern Fells with Raise to the north and Helvellyn Lower Man to the south both of which are of greater height.
 Inverness Ridge is a ridge located on the Point Reyes Peninsula in western Marin County California. It reaches an elevation of 984 feet (300 m).
 Bubenik is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Valea Nemțoaicelor River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 The Râul Căciulelor is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Mount Patuha is a twin stratovolcano about 50 km to the southwest of Bandung in West Java Indonesia. It is located in the Bandung District of West Java. It is one of numerous volcanoes in this area; others in the region include Mt Malabar Mt Wayang and Mount Papandayan (placed on a warning alert in August 2011).The summit of Mt Patuha contains two volcanic craters 600 m apart.
 The Balașina River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Frasinu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Ulmul River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Machuqucha (Quechua machu old old person qucha lake hispanicized spelling Machucocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province in the districts Chachas and Orcopampa (Urqupampa). It is situated at a height of about 4659 metres (15285 ft) about 6.77 km long and 1.89 km at its widest point.
 The Colônia River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The South Fork Coquille River is the largest tributary of the Coquille River in coastal Oregon in the United States. From its headwaters in the Oregon Coast Range the river flows northwest to join the North Fork Coquille River at Myrtle Point forming the main stem Coquille.
 Bahía de Portete (Bahia Portete) is a bay in La Guajira Colombia. It lies approximately 30 miles (48 km) from the Venezuelan border on the Guajira Peninsula in the northeast region of Colombia. The bay opens to the Caribbean Sea. A large coal terminal lies at the mouth of the bay and the bay's inlet is less than 1 mile (2 km) wide.The Puerto Bolivar Airport is the closest airport to the bay.
 The Galaţi River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 The Jaguarizinho River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 El Moixer is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1443 metres above sea level.
 The Jolotca River ( Hungarian: Orotva-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Swartz Creek is a 33.9-mile-long (54.6 km) creek located in the Mid Michigan area in the United States. It is a tributary of the Flint River and has two branches the East and West Branch. Its name comes from the German word Schwarz meaning black as the creek water is muddy.
 The Ohikanui River is a tributary of the Buller River in New Zealand's South Island. It flows north for 20 kilometres joining the Buller 14 kilometres from its outflow into the Tasman Sea. It and its smaller neighbour the Ohikaiti River are often called the Big Ohika River and Little Ohika River respectively. The Ohikanui River is a medium sized tributary consisting of a bouldery river bed and clear swift water.
 Horsey Mere is one of the Norfolk Broads in the east of England; it is one of the more northerly broads close to the North Sea coast.It is reached by Hickling Broad and the River Thurne. The nearest settlements are Horsey and West Somerton.Horsey Mere is a Site of Special Scientific Interest owned by the National Trust as is Horsey Windpump.
 Lake Overholser is a reservoir within the city limits of Oklahoma City Oklahoma. Lake Overholser is formed by Overholser Dam on the North Canadian River in Oklahoma County Oklahoma. It is located just west of the suburban city of Bethany. The lake covers approximately 1500 acres (6 km²) and was constructed in 1919 to provide water to a treatment plant. Lake Overholser is named after Ed Overholser who was the 16th Mayor of the City of Oklahoma City.U.S.
 Stolsbergi is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 George River (Inuktitut: Kangirsualujjuap Kuunga (river of the great bay) Naskapi: Mushuan Shipu (River without trees) Innu: Metsheshu Shipu (Eagle River))) is a river in northern Quebec Canada that flows from Lake Jannière mainly north to Ungava Bay.The George is a big and wide river. It offers relatively easy and inexpensive access to Ungava Bay compared to other major rivers of this area making it popular for canoe camping trips.
 Katari River (Aymara katari snake snake river hispanicized spelling Catari) is a Bolivian river about 90 km long south east of Lake Titicaca in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Pucarani Municipality and in the Ingavi Province Viacha Municipality. It empties into Wiñaymarka Lake the southern part of Lake Titicaca in the bay of Aykachi situated in the Los Andes Province Puerto Pérez Municipality Aykachi Canton.
 Bonanza Creek is a watercourse in Yukon Territory Canada. It runs for about 20 miles (32 km) from King Solomon's Dome to the Klondike River. In the last years of the 19th century and the early 20th century Bonanza Creek was the center of the Klondike Gold Rush which attracted tens of thousands of prospectors to the creek and the area surrounding it. Prior to 1896 the creek was known as Rabbit Creek.
 The Rivière des Pères is a river of Martinique.
 Gutenberg is a lunar crater that lies along the west edge of Mare Fecunditatis in the eastern part of the visible Moon. To the southeast is the crater Goclenius and to the southeast are Magelhaens and Colombo. To the west-southwest is the crater Gaudibert across the Montes Pyrenaeus that run south from Gutenberg.The rim of Gutenberg is worn and eroded most notably in the east where it is broken by the overlapping crater Gutenberg E.
 Rhinog Fach is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales and forms part of the Rhinogydd. Technically Rhinog Fach is a subsidiary summit of Y Llethr missing Marilyn status by 3m. Thus making it a sub Marilyn along with Diffwys. To the north lies its higher cousin Rhinog Fawr separated by the shapely pass of Blwch Drws Ardudwy.Although shorter than the highest mountain in the Rhinog range Y Llethr it is often regarded as the true 'king of the Rhinogydd' due to its spectacular rocky peak.
 The Barão de Melgaço River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 National grid reference NR83268635Kilduskland Reservoir is of the impounding variety and is located 2 kilometres west of Ardrishaig supplying the village with its water supply. The concrete dam is 9 metres high and it was completed in 1906.
 The Rorspitzli is a mountain of the Urner Alps located west of Wassen and Göschenen in the canton of Uri. It lies on the range east of the Sustenjoch culminating at the Fleckistock.
 Mamaqucha (Quechua mama mother / madam / qucha lake mama qucha ocean Mama Qucha a figure of the Inca mythology hispanicized spelling Mamacocha) or Yanaqucha (Quechua for black lake hispanicized Yanacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cajamarca Region Cajamarca Province Encañada District. Mamaqucha lies southeast of the lake Millpu (Millpo).
 Foel Fenlli or Moel Fenlli is a hill in Denbighshire North Wales. With a summit at an elevation of 511 metres (1677 ft) it is the second highest peak of the Clwydian Range.A popular ascent leads south from the car park at Bwlch Penbarras which is also a popular starting point for ascending Moel Famau to the north. The Offa's Dyke Path runs around the western slopes.
 The Râul Putred is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
 Maoile Lunndaidh is a Scottish mountain situated 13 km south of Achnasheen in the Ross and Cromarty district of the Highland council area. It is part of the high ground between Loch Monar and Gleann Fhiodhaig.
 The Rabnitzbach (also Rabnitz) is one of the source rivers of the Rába. It originates near Mount Schöckl and flows in south-east direction to Gleisdorf where it merges with the Rába. The brook reaches a length of app. 21 kilometers.The water has Grade A quality and is one cleaner waters of Styria. It is rich on fishes. The normally harmless brook can become a danger of high waters quickly and has already been a threat several times.
 The South Toe River ( the name Toe is taken from its original name Estatoe pronounced 'S - ta - toe' a native American name is associated with the Estatoe trade route leading down from the NC mountains through Brevard where there is a historical plaque with information that affirms the route on into South Carolina where a village of the same name was located) is a stream in Yancey County in Western North Carolina.
 Tikhomorov is the heavily-eroded remains of a lunar impact crater on the Moon's far side. It lies to the northeast of the smaller crater Konstantinov and to the southwest of Trumpler. Farther to the west-northwest is Mare Moscoviense one of the few maria on the far side of the Moon.This crater has been so heavily eroded by subsequent impacts that there is little to distinguish it from the nearby terrain.
 The Hochalp is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps located south of Urnäsch in the canton of Appenzell Ausserrhoden.
 The Coropceni River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania.
 Kelly Lake (Guysborough) is a lake of Guysborough District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Beaumont River is a river in the Central Otago district of New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Clutha River merging with it just upstream of the small town of Beaumont.
 Mount Natazhat is a high peak of the Saint Elias Mountains of Alaska United States just west of the border with the Yukon Territory of Canada. It lies on the northern edge of the range south of the White River and north of the Klutlan Glacier.Mount Natazhat is a little-noticed peak; however it is a very large peak in terms of rise above local terrain.
 The Fizeș River (Hungarian: Füzes) is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania. Lakes Cătina Geaca Sucutard and Ţaga are located on the Fizeș River.The name in Hungarian means willow-bed.
 Kana River for the stream in Israel see Nahal QanaKana (Russian: Кана) is a 50 km long river in the southwestern part on the Kola Peninsula Murmansk Oblast Russia. The Kana is a tributary to the Umba River. It has its sources in the forests southeast of Lake Imandra about 25 km south of the town of Apatity. From there it flows in a southeasterly direction through a largely uninhabited landscape dominated by forests and bogs.
 The Silvrettahorn is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Austria. On its southern Swiss side it overlooks the Silvretta Glacier.
 Lake DeFuniak is a lake in DeFuniak Springs Florida United States at the center of the DeFuniak Springs Historic District.Lake DeFuniak is one of the two almost perfectly round circular spring-fed lakes in the world. [1]
 Rocky Pond is an 18-acre (73000 m2) pond in the Myles Standish State Forest in Plymouth Massachusetts. The pond is located south of Curlew Pond.There is another Rocky Pond which is better known as Big Rocky Pond within Plymouth's borders in the West Wind Shores neighborhood.
 Fossil Mountain (10916 feet (3327 m) is located in the Teton Range within the Jedediah Smith Wilderness of Caribou-Targhee National Forest U.S. state of Wyoming.
 Casper Mountain is a long mountain at the north end of the Laramie Mountains overlooking Casper Wyoming along the North Platte River. Casper Mountain is such in length that it's visible from Space at the altitude that the ISS and Space Shuttle fly. At a top elevation of 8130 feet (2478 m) the mountain rises approximately 3000 feet (914 m) above Casper.
 Demnitz is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Lago di Viverone (in Piedmontese Lagh ëd Vivron) is a lake in northern Italy. Named after the town of Viverone lies at 230 m AMSL between the districts of Biella Vercelli and Ivrea in the area of morainic hills known as Serra. It has an area of about 6 km2 and a maximum depth of 70 m and a perimeter of about 10.5 km. The lake is 3500 m long and 2600 m wide.
 The Schatzberg is a 1898 metres (6227 ft) high mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is also a winter sports area.
 Mount Amundsen is a nunatak lying east of Denman Glacier about 11 nautical miles (20 km) northeast of Mount Sandow.
 Paint Creek is a 20.1-mile-long (32.3 km) tributary of the Levisa Fork in Johnson County Kentucky. The stream is formed at the confluence of the Little Paint and Open Fork creeks. It is named for the colorful Adena Indian ideographs that were painted on white birch trees and rocks that once lined the stream.Paint Creek rises in extreme western Johnson County and begins to flow southeast. In 1983 part of Paint Creek was impounded forming Paintsville Lake.
 The Balfrin is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located north of the Dom in the canton of Valais. It belongs to the Mischabel massif which lies between the Mattertal and the Saastal.The northern side of the Balfrin is covered by a glacier named Balfringletscher. On the south side is the larger Ried Glacier.
 The Wedge is a mountain in Alberta Canada. It is part of the Fisher Range of the Southern Continental Ranges of the Canadian Rockies. It is located east of Highway 40 just SE from the K-Country golf course immediately SE of wedge pond in Kananaskis Country.
 The Höhberghorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located west of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden. On its eastern flank lies a glacier named Höhberggletscher.
 The Cupaș River is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania. The lower reach of the river defines the border between Harghita and Neamţ counties
 The Estero Henteli is a river of Chile.
 The Filioara River is a tributary of the Agapia River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Secătura Mare and Secătura Mică
 Monte Morello is the highest mountain (3065 ft.) in the Florentine valley Italy. It is located to the north-west of Florence and it spreads across the borders of the municipalities of Florence Vaglia Sesto Fiorentino and Calenzano.
 Long Duck Pond is a 23-acre (93000 m2) pond in the West Wind Shores neighborhood of Plymouth Massachusetts. The pond is located east of Big Rocky Pond and west of Little Herring Pond and Triangle Pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants.
 Diller Glacier is located in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation average of 9000 feet (2700 m) and is on the southeast slopes of Middle Sister an extinct stratovolcano.
 Ball Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island south of Lake Helen MacKenzie on Forbidden Plateau Strathcona Provincial Park.
 Wolfsküppel is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The San Bernardino is a torrent which flows through the Italian Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola and into Lake Maggiore at Verbania on the Piedmontese (western) shore of the lake.The origins of its name lie with the Franciscan convent of San Bernardino which was established in 1483 near the mouth of the river between Intra and Pallanza. The buildings are no longer extant.
 The Dragoș River or Izvorul lui Dragoș River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 Sandy Cave Upper is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Dana Glacier is located inside a northwest facing cirque located east of the 13061 feet (3981 m) Mount Dana on the eastern border of Yosemite National Park California. It is very close to Tioga Pass and Highway 120. The glacier occupies the very steep shaded western slope of the cirque at around 11500 to 11800 feet (3500–3600 m) although a part of it reaches up to 12500 feet (3800 m) (Dana Couloir).
 Silver Star Mountain is a mountain located in Okanogan County Washington. The mountain is part of the Cascade Range. It was first climbed by Lage Wernstedt in 1926.Silver Star Mountain stands within the watershed of the Methow River which drains into the Columbia River's Lake Pateros reservoir impounded by Wells Dam.The west and north sides of Silver Star Mtn. drains into Early Winters Creek thence into the Methow RiverThe southeast side of Silver Star Mtn.
 The Valea Tulbure River is a tributary of the Chiuzbaia River in Romania.
 Drewitzer See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.4 m its surface area is 6.92 km².
 The San Nicolás River is a river of Mexico.
 Henik Lake is located in the Kivalliq Region of Nunavut Canada. The lake is made up of two lakes North Henik and South Henik with a narrows separating them. Of the two North Henik Lake is the smaller with an area of 245 km2 (95 sq mi) while South Henik Lake has an area of 489 km2 (189 sq mi).
 Slieve Bearnagh (from the Irish: Sliabh Bearna) is a mountain in the Mourne Mountains Northern Ireland. Its summit is crowned by a number of rocky tors. The Mourne Wall crosses the summit of Slieve Bearnagh east to west. Paths lead to the cols on either side of the mountain namely Pollaphuca (pool of the púca) to the west and Hare's Gap to the east. From the latter one can also descend southwards to the head of the Ben Crom reservoir.
 Black Lake is a reservoir located between Creston and Campti in North Louisiana. Water feeds into Black Lake from Black Lake Bayou a watershed that extends from north of Gibsland in Bienville Parish and south to Clarence in Natchitoches Parish through the parishes of Claiborne Webster Bienville Red River and Natchitoches. The elevation of the lake is 102 feet (31 m). Louisiana Highway 9 runs across Black Lake.
 Thales is a small crater located in the northeast part of the Moon just to the west of the larger crater Strabo. To the southeast is the walled plain De La Rue. Thales has a sharp circular rim that has received little erosion. The lunar surface around Thales has a ray system that extends for over 600 kilometers. An area to the north-northwest of the crater is free of rays however indicating that the crater may have been formed by a low-angle impact from that direction.
 Norrström in central Stockholm connects Lake Mälaren with the Baltic Sea. It runs from Riddarfjärden north of Gamla stan to Saltsjön. Two islands lie within it Strömsborg and Helgeandsholmen. It is one of two natural waterways between Mälaren and the Baltic sea the other being Söderström south of Gamla stan.
 Plauer See (German literally Lake of/near Plau)) is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany located at 53°27′57″N 12°18′27″E. Its surface is approximately 38.4 km² and its maximum depth is 25.5 metres.
 Labyrinth Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in southwestern Queen Maud Gulf off Nunavut's mainland.Described by Arctic explorer Vilhjalmur Stefansson as being dotted with numerous islands southward from the bay lies a range of rocky hills.Foggy Bay and Conolly Bayare nearby.
 Bristol Bay (Iilgayaq in Central Yup'ik) is the eastern-most arm of the Bering Sea at 57° to 59° North 157° to 162° West in Southwest Alaska. Bristol Bay is 400 km (250 mi) long and 290 km (180 mi) wide at its mouth. A number of rivers flow into the bay including the Cinder Egegik Igushik Kvichak Meshik Nushagak Naknek Togiak and Ugashik.Upper reaches of Bristol Bay experience some of the highest tides in the world.
 The Indus River is a major river in Asia which flows through Pakistan. It also has courses through western Tibet and Northern India. Originating in the Tibetan Plateau in the vicinity of Lake Mansarovar the river runs a course through the Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir towards Gilgit and Baltistan and then flows in a southerly direction along the entire length of Pakistan to merge into the Arabian Sea near the port city of Karachi in Sindh.
 Marinelli Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in Alberto de Agostini National Park Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego. The glacier spills out from the backbone of the Cordillera Darwin and calves into Ainsworth Bay an embayment of the Almirantazgo Fjord. The Marinelli Glacier is in a state of retreat beginning at least as early as 1960 and continuing to the present time.Meltwater of Marinelli glacier discharges to form the headwaters of Marinelli Creek.
 The River Towy or Tywi (Welsh: Afon Tywi) is one of the two longest rivers flowing entirely within Wales (the other is the River Teifi) with a total length of 121 km (75 mi). . It is noted for its sea trout and salmon fishing.The river rises within 15 km (9.3 mi) of the Teifi on the lower slopes of Crug Gynan in the Cambrian Mountains and flowing through the steep rugged hills of the Towy Forest forms the border between Ceredigion and Powys.
 The Snohomish River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington formed by the confluence of the Skykomish and Snoqualmie rivers near Monroe. It flows northwest entering Port Gardner Bay part of Puget Sound between Everett and Marysville. The Pilchuck River is its main tributary and joins the river at Snohomish.
 Aratus is a small lunar impact crater located on the highland to the south and east of the rugged Montes Apenninus range. It is a circular cup-shaped crater with a relatively high albedo. To the east is the Mare Serenitatis and to the southwest is the somewhat larger crater Conon. North-northeast of Aratus is the landing site of the Apollo 15 mission just beyond Mons Hadley Delta.
 The Santa Ynez River is one of the largest rivers on the Central Coast of California. It is 92 miles (148 km) long flowing from east to west through the Santa Ynez Valley reaching the Pacific Ocean at Surf near Vandenberg Air Force Base and the city of Lompoc.The river drains the north slope of the Santa Ynez Mountains the south slope of the San Rafael Mountains as well as much of the southern half of Santa Barbara County. Its drainage basin is 896 square miles (2320 km2) in area.
 The Trifanul River is a tributary of the Dornișoara River in Romania.
 Monte Caplone is a mountain between Lombardy and Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol Italy. It has an elevation of 1976 metres.
 The Rauflihorn (also known as Blutlighorn) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located east of St. Stephan in the Bernese Oberland Switzerland.
 The Sulu Range consists of a group of overlapping small stratovolcanos on the island of New Britain in Papua New Guinea. The highest point in Mount Malopu at the southwestern end of the complex. Eruptions from a new vent began in July 2006.
 Posadowsky Glacier (German: Posadowskygletscher 66°50′S 89°25′E) is a glacier about 9 nautical miles (17 kilometers; 10 miles) long flowing north to Posadowsky Bay immediately east of Gaussberg. Posadowsky Bay is an open embayment located just east of the West Ice Shelf and fronting on the Davis Sea in Kaiser Wilhelm II Land.
 Mount Athabasca is located in the Columbia Icefield of Jasper National Park in Canada. The mountain was named in 1898 by J. Norman Collie who made the first ascent on August 18 of that year. Athabasca is the Cree Indian name for where there are reeds which originally referred to Lake Athabasca.
 The Grivița River is a tributary of the Ibăneasa River in Romania.
 The Sante River is an 8.7-mile-long (14.0 km) stream on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. Via the North Branch Otter River Otter River Sturgeon River and Portage River its waters flow to Lake Superior.
 High Seat is a fell in the centre of the English Lake District. Despite being below 2000 ft it is the highest point for about 5 miles in any direction; a consequence of the curious fact that the centre of the district is lower than the surrounding parts.
 The Ipojuca River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 The Parima River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 The Canadian River (Pawnee: Kícpahat ) is the longest tributary of the Arkansas River. It is about 906 miles (1458 km) long starting in Colorado and traveling through New Mexico the Texas Panhandle and Oklahoma. The Canadian is sometimes referred to as the South Canadian River to differentiate it from the North Canadian River that flows into it.
 Mount Beerwah is the highest of the ten volcanic plugs in the Glass House Mountains range 22 km north of Caboolture in South East Queensland Australia. It was formed 26 million years ago during the Oligocene Epoch of the Paleogene Period. Geologists estimate it may have been three times the height before it was eroded to a volcanic plug.Mount Beerwah has two peaks the taller of which is 556 metres (1824 ft) high. It is one of the most visually prominent mountains in south-east Queensland.
 The Hatnuța River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 The Durău River is a tributary of the Schitu River in Romania.
 Aratz (meaning 'pure' in Basque after its stone surface devoid of vegetation) is a mountain of the Basque Country in Spain located at the mountain range Altzania (also called Urkilla) that provides the extension for the massif Aizkorri. It lies right on the line between provinces Gipuzkoa and Álava the summit rising at 1443 m high next to Elurzuloak (1431 m).
 Haddington Hill (also called Wendover Hill) is a hill in The Chilterns and the highest point in the English county of Buckinghamshire. On the north-eastern flank is Coombe Hill not to be confused with another Coombe Hill 4 kilometres to the south-west.Haddington Hill is owned by the Forestry Commission whose Wendover Woods cover much of the hill.
 National grid reference NR71771921Crosshill Loch is an impounding reservoir located 1 kilometre south of the centre of Campbeltown and is the source of water for the town's Whisky Distilleries: Springbank Glengyle and Glen Scotia. The earthen dam is 14.3 metres high. Records show the dam was constructed prior to1868.
 The Queen Alexandra Range is a major mountain range in East Antarctica about 160 km (100 mi) long bordering the entire western side of Beardmore Glacier from the Polar Plateau to the Ross Ice Shelf. Alternate names for this range include Alexandra Mountains Alexandra Range and Königin Alexandra Gebirge.The highest peak of the range is Mount Kirkpatrick at 4528 metres (14856 ft).
 The Groapa Balmezului River or Groapa Balmoșului River is a tributary of the Balmez River in Romania.
 Albach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Awarua River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand. It flows south to meet the Mangakahia River 25 kilometres north of Dargaville.
 Alte Luppe is a small river of Saxony Germany. It flows in the northwestern suburbs of Leipzig.
 Mount Tenakourou is the highest point in the west-African nation of Burkina Faso. It is a hill located on the border of the Cascades Region of Burkina Faso and the Sikasso Region of the country of Mali. Tenakourou has an elevation of 747 metres (2451 ft).
 The Mitéuca River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Carutu River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Kotbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 De La Rue is the remnant of a lunar crater or possibly several merged craters creating a formation sometimes called a walled plain. It lies in the northeastern part of the Moon on the near side and so appears foreshortened due to its location. This formation lies to the north-northwest of the prominent crater Endymion just beyond the eastern extreme of Mare Frigoris.
 The Pustiosu River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 Celoica Mountain (often called Dobra Voda by its highest peak) is part of the mountain range in the Republic of Macedonia including Osoj Suva Gora and Pesjak mountains stretching in north-south direction. The highest peak on the mountain is Dobra Voda at 2062 meters above the sea level. It is rarely visited mountain and there are no tourist facilities on it.
 Piz Grialetsch is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking the Fuorcla da Grialetsch in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the Dischma and Engadin valleys which culminates at Piz Vadret.
 El Cogul (Navès) is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1526 metres above sea level.
 The Great Fish River (called great to distinguish it from the Namibian Fish River) (Afrikaans: Groot-Visrivier) is a river running 644 kilometres (400 mi) through the South African province of the Eastern Cape. The coastal area between Port Elizabeth and the Fish River mouth is known as the Sunshine Coast. The Great Fish River was originally named Rio do Infante after João Infante the captain of one of the caravels of Bartolomeu Dias. Infante visited the river in the late 1480s.
 Stone Lake is a reservoir in Rio Arriba New Mexico. Also known as Boulder Lake it sits 5.5 mi (9 km) north of Stinking Lake and 18 mi (29 km) west northwest of Tierra Amarilla. The lake is located inside the Jicarilla Apache Reservation.The lake contains a boating ramp and has populations of rainbow trout.
 The Cabixi River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Santa Cruz Mountains part of the Pacific Coast Ranges are a mountain range in central California United States. They form a ridge along the San Francisco Peninsula south of San Francisco separating the Pacific Ocean from San Francisco Bay and the Santa Clara Valley and continuing south bordering Monterey Bay and ending at the Salinas Valley.
 Mount Foster is a peak rising to 2105 metres (6906 ft) in the Imeon Range on Smith Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. It is the highest point of the South Shetland Islands archipelago.Mount Foster has triple peaks of which Mount Foster proper is the southernmost the central one is Evlogi Peak (2090 m) and the northern one is Antim Peak (2070 m).
 The Morant River is a river of Jamaica.
 Uribante River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Valea Movilișului River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 The Land Yeo is a small river which flows through North Somerset England.It rises on Dundry Hill and supplies Barrow Gurney Reservoirs before flowing through various villages to Clevedon where it drains into the Bristol Channel. During the past 1000 years it has powered at least ten watermills however only one is still functional.Since 2003 initiatives have been undertaken to clean up the river improving water quality and encouraging wildlife.
 Shelf Glacier is a glacier in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Kichatna Mountains on the side of Kichatna Spire moving north. It is a tributary to neighboring Shadows Glacier which with Cul-de-sac Glacier feeds the west fork of the Yentna River.
 Davy is a small lunar crater that is located on the eastern edge of the Mare Nubium. It overlies the lava-flooded remains of the satellite crater Davy Y to the east a formation which contains a crater chain designated Catena Davy. To the southeast of Davy is the prominent crater Alphonsus.The outer rim of Davy is low and the interior has been partly resurfaced. The perimeter is somewhat polygonal in shape especially in the western half and the southeast rim has been overlain by Davy A.
 Lake Ülemiste (Estonian: Ülemiste järv) is the largest of the lakes surrounding Tallinn Estonia. Ülemiste is the main part of the Tallinn water supply system where most of the city gets its drinking water from. The lake is fed mostly by Kurna stream and Pirita River (through Vaskjala–Ülemiste canal).Lennart Meri Tallinn Airport is located on the eastern shore of the lake and aircraft regularly take off and land over the lake.
 The River Evenlode is a river in England which is a tributary of the Thames in Oxfordshire. It rises near Moreton-in-Marsh Gloucestershire in the Cotswold Hills and flows south-east passing near Stow-on-the-Wold Charlbury Bladon and Cassington and its valley provides the route of the southern part of the Cotswold Line.The River Evenlode passes through many villages and towns in Oxfordshire including Ascott-under-Wychwood Chadlington and Charlbury.
 The Loknya (Russian: Локня) is a river in Loknyansky and Bezhanitsky Districts of Pskov Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Lovat River. It is 119 kilometres (74 mi) long and the area of its basin 2190 square kilometres (850 sq mi).The name of the settlement of Loknya and consequently of Loknyansky District originated from the name of the river.The source of the Loknya is Lake Loknovo in the southwestern part of Loknyansky District.
 The Brăteni River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
 Gros Morne is a mountain located in western Newfoundland near the coastal community of Rocky Harbour in Gros Morne National Park. At 807 m (2648 ft) high it is the second highest peak on Newfoundland exceeded only by The Cabox.
 The Arnold Lava Tube System (or Arnold system) is series of lava tubes within Deschutes County Oregon of the United States. It is located several miles southeast of the city of Bend. The system starts within the Deschutes National Forest on the northern flank of Newberry Volcano heads northeast onto BLM land before finally terminating on private property near Horse Ridge. The system acted as a conduit for the lavas from Lava Top Butte that later fed the Badlands rootless shield.
 The Sâmbăta River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Independence Lake is an alpine lake in Pitkin County Colorado United States located high in the Sawatch Range in the Hunter-Fryingpan Wilderness of White River National Forest. It is the source of the Roaring Fork River and is located south and over a pass from Lost Man Lake and north of Twining Peak. The lake is accessible via a trail from State Highway 82 west of Independence Pass.
 Rogaguado Lake is a tropical fresh water in the northern Bolivia in the Yacuma Province of the Beni Department. It is close to the Rogagua Lake. The lake is 2540 km long and 1853 km wide and it has an area of 315 km² making it one of the biggest lakes in Bolivia. It contains six islands the biggest ones of 1 km² and the smaller ones of o65 km² located at the north side of the lake.
 Agassiz Peak is the second-highest mountain in the U.S. state of Arizona at 12360 feet (3767 m). It is located in the San Francisco Peaks in the Coconino National Forest north of Flagstaff Arizona. The peak was named for Louis Agassiz the celebrated naturalist.Many visitors to Flagstaff incorrectly assume that Agassiz Peak is Humphreys Peak the state high point.
 Otterbach (Inde) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Spring Hollow Reservoir is a 158-acre (0.64 km2) 3.3-billion-US-gallon (12000000 m3) side-stream reservoir in Roanoke County Virginia with the largest roller-compacted concrete dam east of the Mississippi Having commenced operation in 1996 it is now the main source of water for residents of Roanoke County.
 The Tihul River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 Mount Khalatsa or Khalaskhokh (Ossetian: Халасхох; literally: frost mount) is the highest point of South Ossetia a disputed region in Georgia with an altitude of 3938 metres (12920 ft). It is located on the border between South Ossetia and North Ossetia–Alania a Russian autonomous republic.
 The Kolik-Egan (often written Kolikyegan or Kolik'egan) is a river in the Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug.
 Monte Pian Falcone is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 Warden Peak is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 31 km (19.3 mi) north of Gold River and 1 km (0.62 mi) north of Victoria Peak.Warden Peak is part of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 The Saâne is a river of Normandy France 40 kilometres (25 mi) in length flowing through the department of Seine-Maritime.
 The Gualala River is a river on the northern coast of California. Most of the river is in Sonoma County but a portion is in Mendocino County. The headwaters of the 40-mile-long (64 km) river (measuring via its South Fork) are high in the Coast Range and it empties into the Pacific Ocean. For its last few miles it forms the boundary between Sonoma County and Mendocino County.The river has three forks: the South Fork Wheatfield Fork and the North Fork.
 The Zi Jiang (also Zishui River or Zi River; S.Chinese: 资江 or 资水; T.Chinese: 資江 or 資水; pinyin: zī jiāng; Wade-Giles: Tzu¹-chiang¹) is one of the four largest rivers in Hunan province of China also one of the main tributaries of the Yangtze River. It is 653 km long and covers 282142 km² (26728 km² in Hunan).The Zijiang has two sources the South and the West.
 Steinebach (Kinzig) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Egau is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Lapoșa River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 Raphael is a crater on Mercury. Unlike other Mercurian craters of similar size Raphael is not multi-ringed.
 The Sirca River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Faustini is a lunar crater that lies near the south pole of the Moon. It is located nearly due south of the much larger crater Amundsen and is almost attached to Shoemaker to the southwest. About one crater diameter due south is the smaller crater Shackleton at the south pole. A small crater is attached to the eastern rim of Faustini.Due to its location sunlight reaches the rim of this crater at a very low angle leaving the interior in permanent darkness.
 Town Creek is a tributary of the Tred Avon River in Talbot County on Maryland's Eastern Shore.
 The Hundsrügg (2047 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located west of Zweisimmen in the Bernese Oberland. It is the highest point of the chain south of the Jaun Pass and east of the Gastlosen.
 Desert de les Palmes (Valencian pronunciation: [deˈzɛɾd de les ˈpaɫmes] Spanish: Desierto de las Palmas) also known as Serra del Desert de les Palmes is a 18.8 km long mountain range in the Plana Alta comarca Valencian Community Spain. Its highest point is Bartolo (729 m). The Ermita de La Magdalena 40°02′04″N 0°00′20″W an important church for Castellonenc people is located on a hill at the southern end of the range.
 Lake Glenn Shoals is a 1250-acre (5.0 km²) reservoir located in Montgomery County Illinois. Created in 1976 by damming the Middle Fork of Illinois's Shoal Creek it was built for recreation sport fishing and water supply purposes. The lake is 4 miles (6.5 km) long and 0.4 miles (0.6 km) wide. The nearest town is Hillsboro Illinois south of Springfield Illinois and northeast of Saint Louis Missouri.Lake Glenn Shoals is managed for bass bluegill catfish crappie and tiger muskie.
 Snowmass Peak in the U.S. state of Colorado dominates the view from Snowmass Lake. It is often mistaken for Snowmass Mountain the thirty-fourth highest mountain peak in the state as well as for Hagerman Peak. Snowmass Peak is not really a peak but the lower end of Hagerman Peak's east ridge. Natural forced perspective causes the optical illusion that Snowmass Peak is higher than Hagerman Peak though it is actually 221 ft shorter than Hagerman's summit.
 The Valea cu Apă River or Solomon River is a tributary of the Şcheiu River upstream of the city of Braşov Romania. It is known mainly for its narrow gorges called Pietrele lui Solomon (Solomon's Rocks) close to the junction with the Șcheiu river.
 Mount Rosseau is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 43 km (27 mi) southwest of Courtenay and 23 km (14 mi) south of Mount Albert Edward. It is the highest summit of the Septimus-Rosseau massif. The most western summit of the massif is Mount Septimus.Mount Rosseau is part of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Laguna Cachimbo is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 196 m its surface area is 26.56 km².
 The Dôme du Goûter (4304 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif. It is a shoulder of Mont Blanc whose summit lies two kilometres to the south-east. The Dôme is traversed on ascents of Mont Blanc via the Bosses route.The summit of the Dôme is marked as lying entirely within France on the French Institut Géographique National (IGN) map [1] although on Italian Istituto Geografico Militare (IGM) map [2] the summit appears to lie on the frontier between France and Italy.
 Whale Rock Reservoir is a reservoir near Cayucos in San Luis Obispo County California. The reservoir was formed by the building of Whale Rock Dam on Old Creek by the Whale Rock Commission. It is a 193-foot (59 m) tall earthfill dam that was completed in 1961. The reservoir has a capacity of 40662 acre feet (50156000 m3). The watershed has an area of 20.6 square miles (53 km²).
 Q'asiri (Aymara for bawler hispanicized spelling Casiri) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5647 metres (18527 ft) high. It is located in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province Chachas District. Q'asiri lies in the western part of the Chila mountain range in the Arequipa Region northwest of the mountain Mismi south of the mountain Chila southwest of the mountain Yuraq Q'asa and northeast of the mountain Sirani.
 Lake Nyuk (Russian: Нюк Finnish: Nuokkijärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia northwestern part of Russia. It is located at 64.45°N 31.75°E﻿ / 64.45; 31.75 and has an area of 214–230 km². There are numerous islands on the lake. The lake is part of the Kem River basin.
 The Painted Point Range is a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada.
 The Garden Wall is a steep alpine area within Glacier National Park well known during the summer months to be heavily covered in dozens of species of flowering plants and shrubs. Located along the west side of the Continental divide and extending northward from Logan Pass the Garden Wall can be traversed via the popular Highline Trail and for a distance of over 5 mi (8.0 km) to the Granite Park Chalet.
 Table Mountain is a mountain located in Ulster County New York. The mountain is part of the Catskill Mountains.Table Mountain is flanked to the south by Peekamoose Mountain and to the northeast by Lone Mountain. The east end of Table Mountain drains into Rondout Creek thence into the Hudson River and into New York Bay. The south side of Table Mtn. drains into Bear Hole Brook thence into Rondout Creek. The west end of Table Mtn.
 Bexter is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Chioara River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Bârzești River is a tributary of the Groșeni River in Romania.
 The Olan (l'Olan in French) (3564 m) is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins in the French Alps. It dominates the valleys of Valgaudemar Valjouffrey and Vénéon in the heart of Écrins National Park.The mountain has two or three summits: the Epaulé Sud (3514 m) which can be considered a shoulder the Sommet Centrale (3558 m) and the Sommet Nord (3564 m). Before the ascents it was unclear which of the main summits was the higher one.
 Mount Santo Tomas is a stratovolcano in the Philippines.
 The East Branch Oyster River is a tributary of the Oyster River in Knox County Maine. From its source (44°09′03″N 69°08′29″W) in Rockland the stream runs 4.8 miles (7.7 km) southwest to its confluence with the main stem of the Oyster River on the border between Warren and Thomaston.
 The South Cormorant River is a 34.1-mile-long (54.9 km) tributary of the Blackduck River of Minnesota in the United States. It joins the Blackduck River 8.0 miles (12.9 km) upstream of the river's juncture with the North Cormorant River and 12.2 miles (19.6 km) upstream of the Blackduck's mouth at Red Lake.
 The Hudson River is a 49.5-mile-long (79.7 km) tributary of the Broad River in the U.S. state of Georgia. Via the Broad River it is part of the Savannah River watershed.The headwaters are in Banks County near the city of Homer. Grove Creek feeds into the Hudson near the Franklin County line. The river then constitutes most of the southern border of Franklin County separating it from Madison County.
 The Băiuțu River is a tributary of the Prislop River in Romania.
 Enamakkal Lake is a fresh water lake situated in Enamakkal of Thrissur District in Kerala State India. The lake covers about 25 square kilometres. On western side of the lake it is protected by a bund which was the brain child of Sakthan Thampuran. In his letter to the Collector of Malabar in 1802 he proposed a bund to control the salt water. The Keecheri River and Viyyoor River joins Enamakkal Lake.
 The Grosse (Große) Karausche is a lake in Schwerin Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of ca. 38 m its surface area is 0.017 km².
 Oliver Sound is an uninhabited natural waterway within Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located at the northern end of Baffin Island north of Tay Sound. Its mouth opens to Eclipse Sound. Pond Inlet is the nearest community. The sound makes up part of Sirmilik National Park. There are several alpine glaciers that are near this sound.
 The Polocin River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Batchawana River is a river in Algoma and Sudbury Districts of Ontario Canada which empties into Batchawana Bay on Lake Superior north of Sault Ste. Marie Ontario. The name Batchawana is derived from an Ojibwe word meaning turbulent waters.The Hudson's Bay Company established a fur trading post on the bay during the 19th century.
 The Vădastra River is a tributary of the Obârşia River in Romania.
 Little Tahoma Peak also called Little Tahoma is a satellite peak of Mount Rainier in Pierce County Washington and in Mount Rainier National Park. It is quite noticeable from Seattle over 60 miles (97 km) away.Little Tahoma Peak is a volcanic remnant. It was once part of the larger structure of Mount Rainier but parts eroded away. The rock is quite unstable and in 1963 a large avalanche originating below it covered the lower section of Emmons Glacier with rock debris.
 Badger Mountain is a mountain in Douglas County in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the highest point in Douglas County and is located east of the Columbia River and northeast of Wenatchee. Badger Mountain is part of the Columbia Plateau.The Badger Mountain Ski Area is located on the mountain's northeastern flank.
 The Bălăbănești River is a tributary of the Jeravăț River in Romania.
 The Hyblaean Mountains (Italian: Monti Iblei) are a mountain range in south-eastern Sicily Italy. They are included in the provinces of Ragusa Syracuse and Catania and reaches the highest altitude with Monte Lauro at 986 m.
 Puzzle Mountain is a mountain located in Oxford County Maine and is one of the easternmost mountains in the Mahoosuc Range. The mountain also has a false peak to the north-northwest of the true summit known as Little Puzzle Mountain. Puzzle Mountain is in the watershed of the Androscoggin River.Hikers route to the SummitThe summit of the mountain can be accessed from the southern trail head of the Grafton Loop Trail located .
 Barren Island (coordinates: 12°16′N 93°51′E) is located in the Andaman Sea one of the most easterly of the Andaman Islands. It is the only confirmed active volcano in South Asia. Along with the rest of the Andamans it is a part of the Indian Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands and lies about 135 km (84 mi) northeast of the territory's capital Port Blair. The first recorded eruption of the volcano dates back to 1787.
 The Maori River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows from several sources in the Mataketake Range east of Haast passing through the small Tawharekiri Lakes before becoming a tributary of the Waita River which flows into the Tasman Sea 15 kilometres north of Haast.
 The Chilbucuț River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
 Biała is a river in eastern central Poland a right tributary of the Dunajec which it meets in the town of Tarnów. Arising in the Laborec Highlands of Slovakia the river flows through the Polish towns of: Zakopane Poronin Biały Dunajec Szaflary Nowy TargAmong its own tributaries is the Wątok.
 The Prisaca River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 The Risle (less common: Rille) is a 144 km (89 mi) long river in Normandy left tributary of the Seine.The river begins in the Orne department west of L'Aigle crosses the western part of the department of Eure flowing from south to north and out into the estuary of the Seine on the left bank near Berville-sur-Mer. Its upper valley is part of the Pays d'Ouche its lower valley separates the regions of the Lieuvin and Roumois.The Risle is regarded as a coastal river.
 Jarbidge Lake is a glacial tarn in the Jarbidge Mountains of Elko County in northeastern Nevada. Its is located within the Jarbidge Wilderness which is administered by the Jarbidge Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. It is near the terminus of the Jarbidge River Trail where it joins the West Marys River Trail and Emerald Lake Trail and is just below Emerald Lake Pass. Jarbidge Lake is the principal source of the Jarbidge River.
 The Barbarossa Cave (German: Barbarossahöhle) is an anhydrite cave (gypsum cave) in the Kyffhäuser Hills near Rottleben in the east German state of Thuringia. It is a cave with large caverns grottos and lakes. The anhydrite has formed gypsum on the surface due to the air moisture in the cave and as a result has increased in volume.
 Middle Palisade Glacier consists of two glaciers in the Sierra Nevada mountains in the U.S. state of California. Less than .25-mile (0.40 km) southeast of Norman Clyde Glacier and situated at an altitude of 12700 feet (3900 m) Middle Palisade Glacier is in the John Muir Wilderness of Inyo National Forest. 14012-foot (4271 m) Middle Palisade is immediately west of the glacier.
 The Pârâul Cânepii is a tributary of the Dalnic River in Romania.
 The Topenița River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Bouyon is a river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. It flows into the river Estéron near the village Bouyon.
 Mount Ilas Mapulu (Indonesian: Gunung Ilas Mapulu) is a limestone mountain near Berau East Kalimantan Borneo. It is the type locality of the pitcher plant species Nepenthes mapuluensis which is named after it.
 The Paloșul River is a tributary of the Homorodul Mare River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Malurilor is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Genovesa Island (Tower Island) is a shield volcano in the Galápagos Islands in the eastern Pacific Ocean. The island occupies about 14 square kilometres (5 sq mi) and its maximum elevation is 64 m (210 ft). The horse-shoe shaped island has a volcanic caldera whose wall has collapsed forming the Great Darwin Bay surrounded by cliffs. Lake Arcturus filled with salt water lies in the centre and sediment within this crater lake is less than 6000 years old.
 Salim Ali Sarovar (lake) popularly known as Salim Ali Talab is located near Delhi Gate opposite Himayat Bagh Aurangabad. It is located in the northern part of the city. During the Mughal period it was known as Khiziri Talab. It has been renamed after the great ornithologist and naturalist Salim Ali.The office of Divisional Commissioner Aurangabad Division is located near it so is the collector's office of Aurangabad District.
 Lac Bleu de Lesponne is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 1977 m its surface area is 0.51 km².
 Réservoir des Laquets is a lake in Pyrénées Hautes-Pyrénées France.
 Lake Batyo Catyo is a man-made freshwater lake located 26 km west of the town of St Arnaud in North Central Victoria Australia.In normal conditions the lake surface area covers 230 hectares to an average depth of 2.5 metres. It is the terminus for water flowing from the Richardson River via Souths Creek and three smaller reservoirs to its southwest.
 The two Big Savage Mountain (Maryland and Pennsylvania) summits are part of Savage Mountain. The peak of Big Savage Mountain in Maryland is High Rock at 2986 feet.
 The Jirca River is a tributary of the Sălard River in Romania.
 The Upano River is a river of Ecuador. This river runs from the sierra to the depths of the Amazon. The river is mainly used locally for fishing there is also rafting and kayaking offered out of Macas (class III-V). The Rio Upano is known for its fossils sandy beaches and many hot springs. There are numerous river overlooks including one a block from the central park of Logroño. There is also a cable car that crosses the river outside of Logroño across from Shuar Community- “La Union”.
 La Mira is a peak of the Sierra de Gredos range in central Spain. It is located in the central part of the Sierra de Gredos range a subrange of the larger Sistema Central in the autonomous community of Castile and León.
 The Hajar Mountains (Arabic: جبال الحجر‎) (Arabic for stone mountains) in northeastern Oman and also the eastern United Arab Emirates are the highest mountain range in the eastern Arabian peninsula. They separate the low coastal plain of Oman from the high desert plateau and lie 50–100 km inland from the Gulf of Oman coast.
 The Hapuawai River is a short river in the Far North District of New Zealand. It joins the Takou River shortly before its mouth in Takou Bay in the South Pacific Ocean.
 The Elliott is a short river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It lies wholly within Port Campbell National Park in the Otway Ranges and enters Bass Strait to the east of Cape Otway.
 Llwytmor is a satellite peak of Foel-fras and forms a part of the Carneddau. The summit has cairns and a shelter. Good views of the Menai Strait the Bera's and the Northern Carneddau. The area is often frequented by the Carneddau mountain pony. This peak is very unfrequented.
 Hermannsdalstinden is the highest mountain on the island of Moskenesøya. It is located in the Lofoten archipelago in the municipality of Moskenes in Nordland county Norway. The 1029-metre (3376 ft) tall mountain lies on the west side of the island about 6.5 kilometres (4.0 mi) west of the municipal centre of Reine.
 The Șesu River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
 Mount Myōkō (妙高山 Myōkō-san) is an active stratovolcano in Honshu Japan. It is situated at the southwest of Myōkō city Niigata Prefecture and a part of Joshinetsu Kogen National Park. Mount Myōkō is listed as one of 100 Famous Japanese Mountains and together with Mount Yahiko (弥彦山 Yahiko-yama) it is well known as the famous mountain of Niigata Prefecture.
 The Millers River is a 52.1-mile-long (83.8 km) river in northern Massachusetts originating in Ashburnham and joining the Connecticut River just downstream from Millers Falls Massachusetts. The river was formerly known as Paquag or Baquag a Nipmuc word meaning clear water.Sections of the river are used for whitewater kayaking and a section upriver is popular with flatwater racers (canoe racing).
 Black Cypress Bayou is a 23.3-mile-long (37.5 km) river in Texas. It is a tributary of Big Cypress Bayou and is part of the Red River watershed.
 Lake Zimbambo is a lake in the Malemba-Nkulu territory of Haut-Lomami District in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is one of the lakes in the Upemba Depression an extensive marshy area.The Lualaba River enters the depression about 40 kilometres (25 mi) after leaving Lake Delcommune.The depression is a trough-like graben about 400 kilometres (250 mi) long and 100 kilometres (62 mi) wide running from the southwest to the northeast.
 The Glimboca River or Glâmboca River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 The Hașca River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The Rhume is a 48 km long river in Lower Saxony Germany. It is a right tributary of the Leine. Its source is a karstic spring in Rhumspringe south of the Harz mountain range. The water drains with high pressure from the ground of the funnel-shaped well known for its turquoise colour.The Rhume then flows in northwesterly direction through the municipalities of Gieboldehausen Katlenburg-Lindau and Northeim. It finally joins the Leine river west of Northeim.
 Namarunu is a shield volcano located in the Great Rift Valley Kenya.
 Heidelsgraben is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Bösentrift is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking Täsch and Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Oberrothorn.
 Hochfirst is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Piorini River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Silent Pool is a spring-fed lake at the foot of the North Downs about 6.5 kilometres (4.0 mi) east of Guildford in Surrey. It is managed together with the nearby Newlands Corner by the Surrey Wildlife Trust within the privately owned Albury Estate. The outflow from Silent Pool runs into a second adjacent lake Sherbourne Pond created in the mid-seventeenth century.
 Vychegda (Russian: Вычегда Komi: Эжва Ežva) is a river in the European part of Russia tributary to the Northern Dvina. Its length is about 1100 kilometres (680 mi). Its source is approximately 310 kilometres (190 mi) west of the northern Ural Mountains. It flows roughly in western direction through Komi Republic and Arkhangelsk Oblast. The largest city along the Vychegda is Syktyvkar the capital of Komi Republic. The Viled the Yarenga and the Vym are among its main tributaries.
 Merlon Mountain is a mountain in the Waddington Range of southwestern British Columbia Canada.
 The Turtmann Glacier (German: Turtmanngletscher) is a 5 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 5.91 km2. The glacier is located north of Bishorn and Weisshorn.On an altitude of 3256m at the western border of the glacier lies the Tracuit Hut (French: Cabane de Tracuit). This hut run by the Swiss Alpine Club (SAC) is a starting point for the ascent to the Bishorn the Weisshorn and Les Diablons.
 The Vallecito Mountains are located in the Colorado Desert in eastern San Diego County Southern California. They are about 28 miles (45 km) north of the U.S. border with Mexico.
 Pointe des Cerces is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif des Cerces range. It has an elevation of 3097 metres above sea level.
 The Ciurtuci River is an Apuseni Mountain tributary of the Beliș River in Romania.
 Oksskolten (lit. Bulls Head) is a mountain in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county Norway. At 1916-metre (6286 ft) tall it is the highest point in Nordland county the highest in Nord-Norge and has Norway's eighth largest primary factor. The mountain lies just south of the lake Gresvatnet in the Okstindan mountain range east of the village of Korgen and north of the lake Røssvatnet.The first recorded climb was by Peder Stordal in 1883.
 Llygad Llwchwr is a 1.2 km long cave system in the Black Mountain which forms the westernmost range of the Brecon Beacons National Park in Wales.The entrance to the cave system is 400m from the road alongside a public footpath and just above and to the left of an obvious river resurgence. The cave contains a dry high level series and an active river level which is accessible at a number of river chambers separated by sumps.
 The Peixe River (Corumbá River) is a river of Goiás State in central Brazil.It flows into Corumbá River.
 The Clérette is a river of Normandy France 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) in length flowing through the department of Seine-Maritime.
 Gailbach (Blies) is a river of Saarland Germany.
 Glaciar Norte is a glacier located on the volcanic peak of Popocatépetl in the Mexican State of Puebla. In 1964 the glacier was estimated to be 600 metres (2000 ft) long and cover .2 square kilometres (0.077 sq mi) on the north side of Popocatépetl. Glaciar Norte is connected to Glaciar del Ventorrillo which lies to the west. In a study published in 2006 all the glaciers atop Popocatépetl had essentially disappeared due to increased volcanic activity.
 The Gameleira River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Shibinette Lakes is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Sasserides is the remains of a lunar crater in the southern part of the Moon. It is located less than one crater diameter to the north of the prominent crater Tycho and west of Orontius. To the north is Ball.This formation has been so battered and ruined by impacts that it is scarcely recognizable as a crater. Only a short section of the rim along the southwest side survives with the remainder overlaid or modified by impacts of various dimensions.
 The Tarawera River is in the Bay of Plenty Region in the North Island of New Zealand.It flows from Lake Tarawera northeastwards across the northern flanks of the active volcano Mount Tarawera and past the town of Kawerau before turning north reaching the Bay of Plenty six kilometres to the west of Edgecumbe.The Tarawera Falls on the river are considered to be quite spectacular.
 Badgworthy Water is a small river which flows through Malmsmead on Exmoor close to the border between Devon and Somerset England.It merges with Oare Water to become the East Lyn River.On the banks of the river are the remains of a few dwellings which formed a medieval village. The last resident left in the 1930s.The 17th century packhorse Malmsmead Bridge crosses Badgworthy Water.The valley is associated with the book Lorna Doone.
 The Kugruk River is a stream 60 miles (97 km) long in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins near Imuruk Lake on the Seward Peninsula and flows generally north to Kugruk Lagoon at Kotzebue Sound on the Chukchi Sea.
 Twelvepole Creek is a 32.2-mile-long (51.8 km) river located in Wayne County West Virginia. It is part of the Mississippi River watershed by way of the Ohio River.
 Lorze is the main river of the Canton of Zug Switzerland. It flows from Ägerisee through Lake Zug into the Reuss River.
 Mount Stanley is a mountain located in the Rwenzori range. With an elevation of 5109 m (16763 ft) it is the highest mountain of both the Democratic Republic of the Congo and Uganda and the third highest in Africa after Kilimanjaro (5895 m) and Mount Kenya (5199 m). The peak and several other surrounding peaks are high enough to support glaciers. Mount Stanley is named for the journalist and explorer Sir Henry Morton Stanley.
 The Cotârgași River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Rainy Lake is a small lake in the Ottawa River and St. Lawrence River drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County Ontario Canada.The lake is about 350 metres (1148 ft) long and 100 metres (328 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 416 metres (1365 ft) about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northwest of the community of Denbigh and 0.6 kilometres (0.4 mi) northeast of Ontario Highway 28.
 Dubrower Berge is a hill of Brandenburg Germany.
 Halfmoon Lake is a 282-acre (1.14 km2) water body located in Belknap County in central New Hampshire United States in the towns of Barnstead and Alton. The pond is part of the Suncook River watershed flowing south to the Merrimack River.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania
 Hell's Half Acre Lava Field is a basaltic lava plain located on the Snake River Plain of Idaho in the United States. It is the easternmost of the basaltic lava fields on the Snake River Plain located about 25 miles (40 km) west of Idaho Falls Idaho and 30 miles (48 km) north of Pocatello Idaho. In 1976 the National Park Service designated the northwestern portion of the site a National Natural Landmark.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 The Gulf of Riga Bay of Riga or Gulf of Livonia (Latvian: Rīgas jūras līcis Estonian: Liivi laht Russian: Рижский залив) is a bay of the Baltic Sea between Latvia and Estonia.The island of Saaremaa (Estonia) partially separates it from the rest of the Baltic Sea. The main connection between the gulf and the Baltic Sea is the Irbe Strait.The Gulf of Riga as a sub-basin of the Baltic also includes the Väinameri Sea in the West Estonian archipelago.
 The River Corrib (Irish Abhainn na Gaillimhe) in the west of Ireland flows from Lough Corrib through Galway to Galway Bay. The river is among the shortest in Europe with only a length of six kilometres from the lough to the Atlantic. It is popular with local whitewater kayakers and is the training ground of NUI Galway Kayak club as well as several rowing clubs.
 T'uruchipa (Quechua t'uru mud chipa trap hispanicized spelling Turuchipa) is a Bolivian river in the Potosí Department José María Linares Province Ckochas Municipality T'uruchipa Canton. It is a right tributary to the Pillku Mayu.Upstream in the Nor Cinti Province San Lucas Municipality the river is called San Lucas. The direction is mainly north east as it flows along the town San Lucas Uruchini and T'uruchipa until reaching the Pillku Mayu between the villages Urunkuta and Ruphasqa.
 Unini River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Siagne is a river that flows through the Var and Alpes-Maritimes departments of southeast France. For much of its length it forms the border between the two departments. Its source is near Escragnolles flowing southeast through Saint-Cézaire-sur-Siagne and Pégomas and into the Mediterranean Sea in Mandelieu-la-Napoule 5 km west of Cannes.
 Sauer Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 Kjer Glacier is a tidewater glacier in the Qaasuitsup municipality located on the northwestern shore of Greenland. It drains the Greenland ice sheet (Greenlandic: Sermersuaq) southweatwards into Melville Bay. The glacier front is located to the northwest of the Tuttulikassak nunatak with the glacier constituting the northern end of Upernavik Archipelago.
 Cedar Pond is a 78-acre (320000 m2) lake in Milan New Hampshire. The lake is located just south of Route 110A and east of Route 110B.On the north side of the lake is a camping area called Cedar Pond Campground.
 The Valea Mărului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Harris River is a 2.5-mile-long (4.0 km) tidal river within the city of Hampton in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is a southerly arm of the Back River an inlet of Chesapeake Bay.
 The Misty Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located east of the Bighorn Highway within Kananaskis Country Canada. It is a sub-range of the High Rock Range in the Southern Continental Ranges.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Emmet is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Rudnik (Serbian Cyrillic: Рудник pronounced [rûːdniːk]) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Gornji Milanovac. Its highest peak Cvijićev vrh named after geologist and biologist Jovan Cvijić has an elevation of 1132 meters above sea level.
 The Plaiu River is a tributary of the Sibişel River in Romania.
 The Taruheru River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows predominantly southeast from sources close to the settlement of Ormond before flowing through the city of Gisborne. Here it meets the waters of the Waimata River and the combined waters flow to the northern end of Poverty Bay as the Turanganui River.
 Nahle is a river of Saxony Germany. It is a 2.7 kilometer-long tributary of the White Elster in Leipzig Saxony. It is part of the Elster-billet system in the northern Leipzig floodplain forest.
 Maciço do Urucum (aka Morro do Urucum) is a mountain in Corumbá Mato Grosso do Sul Brazil. It is also the highest mountain in that state reaching 1065 metres (3494 ft). The rock formation is explored for the mining of manganese the mining being controlled by Rio Tinto Group and Vale do Rio Doce.
 The Yagüez River is a river located in western Puerto Rico.The Yagüez originates at 1200 feet (370 m) above sea-level in the Urayoán Mountains to the southeast of Las Marias and to the northeast of Maricao.
 Monkey's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It has been used as part of the Fortifications of Gibraltar and in 1942 there was a convalescent hospital here. This building was later used as the HQ of the Royal Electrical & Mechanical Engineers.
 East End of Rundle (EEOR) is a mountain located immediately south of the town of Canmore Alberta just west of the Spray Lakes road in the Canadian Rockies. Mount Rundle occupies the space between Canmore and Banff on the south side of the Trans Canada Highway.There is a scrambling route up from the Spray Lakes road.
 Dreiburgensee is a lake in Bayerischer Wald Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 440 m its surface area is 0.8 km².
 Sawteeth (sometimes Resagonia Mountain or Sawtooth) is a mountain located in Essex County New York.
 St Mary Peak (Ngarri Mudlanha) (1171 m / 3839 ft) is situated on the northwestern side of Wilpena Pound and is the highest peak in the Flinders Ranges South Australia. It lies within the Flinders Ranges National Park. St Mary Peak is the eighth highest peak in South Australia (the highest seven all being in the Musgrave Ranges).
 Jabal ad Dayt is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Kreuzbergpass (Italian: Passo Monte Croce di Comelico; German: Kreuzbergpass) (1636 m) is a high mountain pass between the provinces of South Tyrol and Belluno in Italy. It connects the Puster Valley with Cadore.The pass is also the division line between the Dolomites to the west and the Carnic Alps to the northeast.
 Glenridding Dodd (the rounded hill above Glenridding) is a small fell in the English Lake District at the end of a ridge descending from the Helvellyn range in the Eastern Fells. It stands above the village of Glenridding and on the western shore of Ullswater. Although small and not of great elevation its top is a fine viewpoint for Ullswater and for the fells clustered round the valleys above Patterdale.
 The Noska is a river in Tyumen Oblast Russia a tributary of the Irtysh River.
 Dober (Kremnitz) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Mallory is a mountain located in the Sierra Nevada of California. The border between Inyo National Forest and Sequoia National Park runs across its peak. The peak was named in memory of George H. Leigh Mallory of the 1924 British Mount Everest expedition who was lost on Mount Everest June 1924. Norman Clyde advanced Mallory's and Andrew Irvine's names following their loss after attaining the highest altitude reached by a mountain climber.
 Sogamoso River (Spanish pronunciation: [soɣaˈmoso]) is a river of northern Colombia. It flows into the Caribbean Sea. The Sogamoso Dam is currently under construction on the river near Bucaramanga.
 The Golumbu River or Columbu River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 Carancahua Bay is a northern extension of Matagorda Bay located in Jackson and Matagorda counties in Texas United States. It is oriented from the southeast to the northwest but meanders as it reaches the north to the confluence with Carancahua Creek. Generally slender it is only about 1 mile (1.6 km) in width north of its circular mouth.The bay serves as a nursery for shrimp and as an ecosystem for diverse species of birds and fish.
 The Valea Râsului River is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 Tossal d'Orenga is a mountain of the Serra d'En Celler range Valencian Community Spain. It reaches an elevation of 1144 metres (3753 ft) above sea level.Its name means Peak of Oregano owing to the presence of the herb in its slopes. Located within the Ares del Maestre municipal term in a relatively uninhabited area close to the CV-12 road it is a popular mountain among those who do paragliding in the region.
 Glasgwm is a mountain in Gwynedd Wales forming part of the Aran range in southern Snowdonia. It is one of the three Marilyns that make up the range the others being Aran Fawddwy and Esgeiriau Gwynion. To the west is Maesglase and the Dyfi hills while to the south-west lies Cadair Idris. To the south lies the Plynlimon range. It is 780 metres (2560 ft) high.Craig Cywarch makes up the south face of Glasgwm. Its crags are very popular with rock climbers.
 The Söse is a right tributary of the river Rhume 38 kilometres long in Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Baekdudaegan is a mountain range and watershed-crest-line which runs through most of the length of the Korean Peninsula from Baekdu Mountain in the north to Jirisan in the south. It is important in traditional Korean thought a key aspect of Pungsujiri philosophy and practices. It is often referred to as the spine of the Korean Peninsula and depicted in various historic artworks. It incorporates the Sobaek mountain range and most of the Taebaek mountain range.
 Jochberg is a 1567 metres (5141 ft) tall mountain in the Bavarian Alpenvorland the first range of mountains of the Alps in southern Germany. The mountain stands between two large lakes namely Kochelsee and Walchensee. Due to the striking view of the surrounding Bavarian countryside from its summit Jochberg is a popular day hike for locals as well as for residents of nearby Munich. The trail is considered easy enough to be enjoyable for all ages thus adding to its popularity.
 Jufari River is a river forming part of the border between Amazonas and Roraima states in north-western Brazil.
 Drawsko is a lake in Drawskie Lakeland West Pomeranian Voivodeship Poland. It is 1956 ha large 126 km long and 3.9 km wide. Maximum depth is 79.7 m making it the second deepest lake in Poland (after Hańcza Lake).
 The Valea Boului is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
 The Unterberg is a prominent summit 1342 m AA high in the Gutenstein Alps in southern Lower Austria.
 The Porcupine River is a river in the James Bay and Moose River drainage basins in the city of Timmins Cochrane District in northeastern Ontario Canada. It flows 32 kilometres (20 mi) from Porcupine Lake to its mouth at Night Hawk Lake the source of the Frederick House River a tributary of the Abitibi River.
 Fish Lake (also Murphy Lake) is a lake in Marion County Oregon United States. Fish Lake lies at an elevation of 4265 feet (1300 m).
 Schänzlekopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Goclenius is a lunar crater that is located near the west edge of Mare Fecunditatis. It lies to the southeast of the lava-flooded crater Gutenberg and north of Magelhaens. To the northwest is a parallel rille system that follow a course toward the northwest running for a length of up to 240 kilometers. This feature is named the Rimae Goclenius.The rim of this crater is worn distorted and irregular having a somewhat egg-like outline.
 Kinnoull Hill is a hill located in Perth Scotland.From the hill's 222m south-facing cliff summit views are afforded of the River Tay the Friarton Bridge and a stretch of the Tay Coast railway line. Further to the south Moncrieffe Hill can be seen.On an outcrop a few hundred yards to the east of — but visible from — the summit is Kinnoull Tower.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Red Tarn is a small lake in the eastern region of the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria. It is high up on the eastern flank of Helvellyn beneath Striding Edge and Catstye Cam. It lies at an altitude of 718 metres (2356 feet) with a depth of 25 metres (82 feet).
 Lake Opeta is a lake with an extensive wetland system in Uganda. The wetland lies south of the Pian Upe Wildlife Reserve and serves as a dry-season refuge for both wildlife from the park and domestic cattle of the surrounding Karamajong and Pokot people.
 The Bom Retiro River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Valea lui Stinghie River is a tributary of the Valea Brusturetului River in Romania.
 Camas Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Camas Lake is situated in the Camas Valley and is 1.25 miles (2.01 km) southeast of Lake Evangeline. Camas Lake is a 13 miles (21 km) hike one way from the trailhead along the North Fork Road.
 Camanche Reservoir is an artificial lake in the San Joaquin Valley in California USA at the juncture of Amador Calaveras and San Joaquin counties. Its waters are impounded by Camanche Dam which was completed in 1963.The lake was named after the former town of Camanche that now lies beneath its waters. The lake has also been called Camanche Lake and Lake Camanche.
 The Ocoi River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Pollino (Italian: Massiccio del Pollino) is a massif in the southern Apennines on the border between Calabria and Basilicata southern Italy. It became part of the Pollino National Park in 1992. The main peaks include Monte Pollino 2248 m (7375 ft) and the massif's high point Serra Dolcedorme 2267 m (7438 ft) which overlooks the plain of Sibari.
 The Lower Mississippi River is the portion of the Mississippi River downstream of Cairo Illinois. From the confluence of the Ohio River and Upper Mississippi River at Cairo the Lower flows just under 1600 kilometers (1000 mi) to the Gulf of Mexico. It is the most heavily travelled component of the Mississippi River System.Unlike on the upper rivers there are no locks or dams on the Lower Mississippi.
 Gibaeksan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1331 metres.
 The Mölltaler Polinik at 2784 m AA is the highest mountain of the Kreuzeck group in the Austrian state of Carinthia.It lies south of the villages of Flattach and Obervellach in the Möll valley. From Obervellach a footpath runs past the Polinikhaus (1873 m Mölltal Section of the ÖAV) to the summit. From Flattach the mountain may be climbed through the Ragga Ravine and Raggaalm.
 Nassach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Les Jumelles is a mountain in the Chablais Alps overlooking Taney in Valais. It is composed of two distinct summits the highest (Grande Jumelle) being 2215 metres high and the lowest (Petite Jumelle) being 2182 metres high.
 The Pointe d'Otemma is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of the lake of Mauvoisin in the canton of Valais. It lies at western end of the chain separating the Brenay Glacier from the Otemma Glacier.On the west side of the mountain lies the Chanrion Hut. The closest locality in the valley is Fionnay.
 Bormelsbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Bald Hill is a hill on the Illawarra Range in the state of New South Wales Australia. With an elevation of approximately 300 metres (980 ft) AMSL[citation needed] Bald Hill is one of the best known and most popular lookouts in the Illawarra region providing panoramic vistas across the Illawarra escarpment and over the Illawarra plain and the Tasman Sea of the South Pacific Ocean. The nature reserve on the hill is internationally renown as a major hang gliding and paragliding site.
 The Valea Cândii River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 The Bonito River (Ivaí River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Loup River (pronounced /lup/) (Pawnee: Ickariʾ ) is a tributary of the Platte River approximately 68 miles (109 km) long in central Nebraska in the United States. The river drains a sparsely populated rural agricultural area on the eastern edge of the Great Plains southeast of the Sandhills. The name of the river means wolf in French named by early French trappers after the Skidi band of the Pawnee whose name means Wolf People and who lived along its banks.
 Monte Zucchero is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps of Switzerland. It is located between Bignasco and Sonogno in the canton of Ticino. Reaching a height of 2735 metres above sea level Monte Zucchero is the highest summit on the range south of the Passo di Redòrta that separates the Valle Maggia from the Valle Verzasca.
 Upuigma-tepui also known as El Castillo is a tepui in Bolívar state Venezuela. A relatively isolated peak both it and nearby Angasima-tepui lie just south of the vast Chimantá Massif from which they are separated by the Río Aparurén valley. Upuigma-tepui is situated entirely within the bounds of Canaima National Park.The imposing peak of Upuigma-tepui has an elevation of around 2100 metres (6900 ft).
 Lake Clark is a lake in southern Alaska. It drains through Six Mile Lake and the Newhalen River into Iliamna Lake. The lake is about 64 km (40 mi) long and about 8 km (5.0 mi) wide.Lake Clark was named for John W. Clark chief of the Nushagak trading post in 1891 and the first American non-Native to see the lake. The Dena'ina Athabascan name is Qizjeh Vena which means place where people gather lake. The lake is within Lake Clark National Park and Preserve.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Suhurlui River in Romania.
 Kerian River is a river in the northern part of the Malaysian state of Perak. The river originates from the Bintang Range. It flows westerly and discharges into the Straits of Melaka. The main tributaries are Selama River Ijok River Samagagah River and Ulu Mengkuang River.
 Tomort or Tomurty  is the highest peak in the Karlik Shan in the far eastern part of the Tien Shan mountain range of Xinjiang China. While not of great absolute elevation among Chinese peaks it is well-separated from higher terrain and hence has a high topographic prominence. Tomort was reconnoitered or attempted in 1996 1997 2000 and 2004 by Chinese and Japanese parties.
 Discovery Peak is a peak in the Diablo Range of California and is the highest point in Alameda County. The officially unnamed peak is also known as Valpe Ridge–Rose Flat due to its location near Rose Flat.The area is high enough to receive occasional snowfall during the winter which generally melts within a few days of falling.Although it is on private property the Ohlone Wilderness Trail in Sunol Regional Wilderness comes to within about 1 mile (1.6 km) of the summit.
 Ithikkara River is a 56 km long river in Kerala India. It originates in the Kulathhoopuzha hills in the western ghats and flows through the Kollam District finally emptying into Paravur Kayal. The village of Ithikkara is located on the river 15 km from the port of Kollam. The river also flows through the settlements of Chathannoor and Pooyappally.
 Takla Lake is the fifth largest natural lake in British Columbia Canada. It is a deep fjord-like lake with the Swannell Ranges to the east the Driftwood River flowing into it from the north and the Middle River draining it. It is the terminus of the early Stuart-Takla sockeye salmon run and noted for its large rainbow trout lake trout and Dolly Varden. The peninsula is the home of Mount Blanchet Provincial Park.
 Pateras (Greek: Πατέρας) is a mountain of West Attica Greece with an elevation of 1131 meters. Its highest peak is named Leontari. It is situated between the plain of Eleusis (Thriasian Plain) and the plain of Megara and stretches between the Gulf of Corinth at Aigosthena and the Saronic Gulf near Eleusis. It is separated from its northern neighbour Kithairon by the plain of Vilia. The mountain is covered with woods with Aleppo pine and Mediterranean maquis.
 The Southwest Mountains of Virginia are a mountain range centered around Charlottesville parallel to and geologically associated with the Blue Ridge Mountains which lie about 30 miles (50 km) to the west. Some of the more prominent peaks include Carters Mountains Fan Mountain Brush Mountain Peters Mountain Walton's Mountain and Hightop Mountain.
 Lough Gill (Irish: Loch Gile-meaning bright white or radiant lake) is a freshwater lough (lake) mainly situated in County Sligo but partly in County Leitrim in Ireland. The lake is mentioned in the poetry of W. B. Yeats. Lough Gill and the district of Calry adjoining it is famous for its beautiful scenery.
 The King River is a river on the West Coast of Tasmania.
 Studnica lake (Polish: jezioro Studnica pronounced [jɛˈʑɔrɔ studˈɲit͡sa]) is a lake located in the Gwda Valley District in the north-west part of Poland. It is 24.9 m (82 ft) long 2.2 km (1.4 mi) wide and 0.8 km (0.50 mi) wide. Studnica lake is also the source of Gwda river.There are four different Studnica lakes in Poland.
 The Pârva River is a headwater of the Boșorogu River in Romania.
 The Potenza (Latin: Flosis) is a river in the Marche central-eastern Italy. The rivers starts at some 800 m of altitude in the Monte Pennino in the territory of Fiuminata in the province of Macerata. Afterwards it flows in the communes of Pioraco Castelraimondo San Severino Marche Macerata (in correspondence of the ancient Helvia Recina) Montelupone Recanati and Potenza Picena. The river flows into the Adriatic Sea at Porto Recanati after a course of some 95 km.
 Upatoi Creek is a 35.5-mile-long (57.1 km) river in western Georgia just outside of Columbus. It runs from Upatoi through South Columbus and to the Chattahoochee River.
 The Crow River is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in the Unorganized South Part of Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario Canada. The river lies entirely within Algonquin Provincial Park and is a right tributary of the Petawawa River.
 Wanzkaer See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 58.5 m its surface area is 2.03 km².
 Lake Rousseau is a reservoir on the Withlacoochee River in central Florida USA on the boundary of Levy County to the north-west Marion County to the north-east and Citrus County to the south. It was created in the 1920s when the river was dammed.The lake is about 35 miles (55 km) west of Ocala and 10 miles (15 km) east from the Gulf Coast. As well as forming part of the Withlacoochee River it is also fed by the Rainbow River and Lake Panasoffkee to the east.
 Wallunarahu (Ancash Quechua walluy to cut wallu earless someone whose ears are amputated -na a nominalising suffix Quechua rahu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized spelling Vallunaraju) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5686 metres (18655 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Huaraz Province. Wallunarahu lies south west of the Ranrapallqa and the Uqshapallqa.
 Maenghyeonbong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1214 metres
 The Cotacajes River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Coasta River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Chomo Lonzo (Chinese: 珠穆隆索峰; pinyin: Zhūmùlóngsuǒ Fēng) is a mountain in Tibet 5 km northeast of Makalu in the Mahalungur (Mohalingor) or Khumbu Himalayas. Alternate spellings of the same name include Chomolonzo Chomolönzo Chomo Lönzo Jomolönzo and Lhamalangcho.Chomo-Lonzo has three distinct summits. The Southern main peak (7804m) is joined via a ~ 7250m saddle to the Central peak (7565m) which is joined via a ~7050m saddle to a ~7200m North (or North West) peak.
 The Little Bog River is a short stream in Hancock County Maine. From its source (44°44′47″N 68°16′53″W) in Osborn the river runs 5.4 miles (8.7 km) south to its confluence with Mill Brook in Eastbrook. Mill Brook flows west to Webb Pond. Via Mill Brook Webb Pond and Webb Brook the Little Bog River is part of the Union River watershed.
 The Rocky River is a 50.3-mile-long (81.0 km) tributary of the Savannah River in the U.S. state of South Carolina. It flows into the Savannah River just west of Calhoun Falls at 34°05′28″N 82°38′25″W. It forms as the confluence of Beaverdam Creek and Little Beaverdam Creek northeast of Anderson at 34°34′13″N 82°33′02″W.
 The Garou River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 The Klejnárka is a river which flows through the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is a 40.3-kilometre (25.0 mi) left tributary of the Labe.The Klejnárka originates in the Bohemian-Moravian Highlands about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) southwest of Zbýšov near the village of Dobrovítov. It flows northward through the towns of Čáslav and Nové Dvory (where it is joined by its largest tributary the Vrchlice).
 Werbellinsee is a lake in the Barnim district of Brandenburg Germany. It is located south of Joachimsthal in the Schorfheide-Chorin Biosphere Reserve. The southern shore belongs to the Schorfheide municipality. With a surface area of 7.82 square kilometers (3.02 sq mi) it is the fourth largest lake in Brandenburg and with 51 meters (167 ft) the second deepest (after Lake Stechlin).
 Dabelowsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 59.9 m its surface area is 1.01 km².
 The Toabré River is a river of Panama.
 Cerro Cabrillo also known locally as Cabrillo Peak is a rocky butte in Morro Bay State Park California. The rock outcrop composed mostly of rhyodacite is a volcanic plug formed when magma welled up underneath a layer of softer rock and solidified. The softer overlying rock has since eroded away leaving the distinct rugged shape.It is one in a group of nine volcanic plugs in the area known as the Nine Sisters which includes Morro Rock and Bishop Peak.
 The Sõtke is a 24 km (15 mi) long river in Ida-Viru County Estonia. Its source is near Isandajärv.
 The Pecinișca River or Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Theon Senior is a lunar impact crater that is located to the northwest of the crater Delambre and south of D'Arrest. It forms a matching pair with Theon Junior about two crater diameters to the south-southeast. The satellite crater Theon Senior A can be found to the north. Theon Senior is named for Theon of Smyrna a 1st-century Greek mathematician and philosopher.This crater is circular and bowl-shaped with only a small floor at the center of the steeply sloping interior walls.
 Miche Wabun Glacier is a glacier remnant (glacieret) in the U.S. state of Montana in the northeastern region of Glacier National Park. The glacieret is situated in a cirque to the east of Goat Haunt Mountain. Miche Wabun Glacier was measured in 2010 to have retreated to less than 25 acres (0.10 km2) in area considered to be a minimal size to qualify as being considered an active glacier. Between 1966 and 2005 the glacier lost over 55 percent of its surface area.
 Grimkesee is a lake in Schwerin Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of ca. 40 m its surface area is 0.038 km².
 Doi Lan (Thai: ดอยลาน) is a mountain in Thailand part of the Phi Pan Nam Range located at the southeastern end of Chiang Rai Province limit near the point where the limit of this province meets with the northern end of Phayao Province and only 9 km from the border with Laos.This mountain rises in Ngao Subdistrict Thoeng District. Its summit is located 12 km east of Thoeng near Ngao east of the road going from this town to Wiang Kaen town.
 Penny Spot Beck is a minor watercourse that is entirely in the of the County of Norfolk. This small short Beck rises in within the Parish of Dereham ½ mile south of the village of Swanton Morley (grid reference TG018150). The Beck is a tributary of the River Wensum.
 Lake Tanganyika is an African Great Lake. It is estimated to be the second largest freshwater lake in the world by volume and the second deepest in both cases after only Lake Baikal in Siberia; it is also the world's longest freshwater lake. The lake is divided among four countries – Tanzania the Democratic Republic of the Congo Burundi and Zambia with Tanzania (46%) and the DRC (40%) possessing the majority of the lake.
 The South Branch Birch River is a 9.4-mile-long (15.1 km) river in Aroostook County Maine in the United States. From the outlet of a small pond (47°03′33″N 68°50′10″W) in Maine Township 16 Range 9 WELS it runs southeast and east to its confluence with the North Branch in the town of Eagle Lake to form the Birch River. It is part of the Fish River watershed draining north to the St. John River which flows southeast to the Bay of Fundy in New Brunswick Canada.
 The Valea Mică River is a tributary of the Valea Mare river in Romania.
 Naebyeonsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 459 metres.
 The Lyman Reservoir is the largest lake in the region. Lyman Lake State Park is located in and administered by the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest attracts anglers as well as campers and water skiers year-round.
 Storgåsvatnet (Southern Sami: Stoerrereetjke) is a lake in the municipality of Namsskogan in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake lies in the northern part of the municipality southwest of the lake Mellingsvatnet and 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west of the European route E6 highway.
 Xueshan or Hsuehshan (Chinese: 雪山; pinyin: Xuě Shān; literally Snow Mountain) a mountain in Heping District Taichung City Taiwan. It is the second highest mountain in Taiwan and in East Asia at 3886 m (12749 ft) above sea level.It is located in the Shei-Pa National Park and it is visible in good weather from hills near Taiwan's capital Taipei.In the late 19th and early 20th centuries it was known to Westerners as Mt. Sylvia.
 The Dersios sinkhole (Greek: Σπηλαιοκαταβόθρα Ο Δέρσιος Spilaiokatavothra O Dhersios) is a sinkhole in Arcadia Greece.The sinkhole which has a depth of 170 metres (560 ft) has been known since antiquity and is located towards the north end of the plateau of Palaiochora at a height of 750 m above sea level on mount Parnon. It is about 45 minutes on unsurfaced road from the nearest town of Tyros in the Kynouria region of Arcadia.
 The Bécancour River is a river in the Canadian province of Quebec.The Bécancour takes its source from the lake of the same name in the town of Thetford Mines in the Chaudière-Appalaches region. It flows west into Lake William at Saint-Ferdinand changes course northwards towards Inverness turning westward there and continuing to flow west across the Centre-du-Québec region for most of its length.
 Campo Carlo Magno (el. 1702 m.) is a pass in the Adamello-Brenta mountain region in Italy.It connects the Val Rendena and the Val di Sole. To the west of the pass are the Adamello-Presanella mountains to the east the Brenta Dolomites.The pass is named after Charlemagne who is said to have crossed the pass on his way to Rome in 800 AD for his coronation as emperor of the Holy Roman Empire.It is a tourist location as it has golf courses and the ski resort of Madonna di Campiglio.
 The Willberg River (also spelt Wilberg River) is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It initially flows northwest before turning southwest reaching the Poerua River 12 kilometres south of Harihari.
 Genista Cave 3 is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Kanakarayan Aru is a river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in eastern Vavuniya District near Omanthai before flowing north through Vavuniya District Mullaitivu District and Kilinochchi District. The river empties into the Chundikkulam Lagoon.
 Delta Lake is a reservoir in Oneida County New York USA. Most of the lake is within the southwest part of the Town of Western north of Rome New York. The western part of the lake is in the Town of Lee. Delta Lake State Park is located on a peninsula extending from the south shore of the lake.
 The Ruchen is a mountain of the Jura located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Basel-Landschaft and Solothurn. It lies between Langenbruck and Eptingen. The Ruchen is the easternmost summit above 1100 metres in the Jura Mountains. East of the Ruchen is the Belchenflue.
 Bago River (Burmese: ပဲခူးမြစ်; Pegu River) is a river of southern Burma. It flows through Bago and Yangon. It arises in the hills of the Pegu Range and flows into the Myitmaka River which below that point is called the Yangon River. In 1608 the Portuguese adventurer Philip de Brito e Nicote known as Nga Zinka to the Burmese plundered the Shwedagon Pagoda. His men took the 300-ton Great Bell of Dhammazedi.
 The San Jorio Pass located between the Lepontine Alps and the Lugano Prealps at an altitude of 2012 metres (6601 ft) above sea level connects Garzeno in the Italian province of Como with Carena in the Swiss canton of Ticino.
 Volcanic Creek Cone is a small cinder cone 20 km (12 mi) northeast of Atlin in northwestern British Columbia. There are two cinder cones and a lava flow at least 3 kilometers long which is present below parts of the tree covered area. The subdued form of Volcanic Creek cone is visible directly below the largest snow patch. The cone has probably suffered through at least one glacial episode. Volcanic Creek cone is part of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province.
 Api is the highest peak in the Yoka Pahar Section of Gurans Himal part of the Himalayas in the extreme northwest corner of Nepal near the borders of India and Tibet. It is a little-known peak in a rarely visited part of the Himalayas but it rises dramatically over the low surrounding terrain. #Darchula Pics
 The Little Calfpasture River is a 23.7-mile-long (38.1 km) tributary of the Maury River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is part of the James River watershed.The river rises east of Elliott Knob on Great North Mountain in the Allegheny Mountains of western Virginia in Augusta County.
 Mount Data is a mountain located in the Cordillera Central mountain range rising to a height of 2310 meters (7578 feet) in the north of Luzon Island Philippines. It is about 50 kilometers north of Baguio on the borders of the provinces of Benguet and Mountain Province along the Halsema Highway. The mountain and surrounding area has been declared a National Park since 1936. In 1940 the park was expanded to 5512 hectares.
 The Saginaw River is a 22.4-mile-long (36.0 km) river in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is formed by the confluence of the Tittabawassee and Shiawassee rivers southwest of Saginaw. It flows northward into the Saginaw Bay of Lake Huron passing through Bay City. The watershed area is 8595 square miles (22260 km2).The river is an important shipping route for Mid-Michigan passing through the cities of Saginaw and Bay City. It is one of Michigan's few inland navigable rivers.
 Tulymsky Kamen (Russian: Тулымский камень) is a mountain range in North Ural. Located in northeastern portion of Krasnovishersky District Perm Krai Russia the range stretches about 24 km north-south. At 1496 m elevation it is also the highest point of Perm Krai. Several small tributaries of the Vishera River located in the area of the Vishera Nature Reserve originate from the generally steeper western slopes of the range.
 Stokes Mountain is the highest mountain of the Stokes Range on Bathurst Island Nunavut Canada. It is also the highpoint on Bathrust Island and has a topographic prominence of 412 m (1352 ft) greater than any other mountain in the Stokes Range.
 Tres Vírgenes is a complex of volcanoes located Mulegé Municipality in the state of Baja California Sur on the Baja California Peninsula in northwestern Mexico. It is composed of three volcanoes aligned northeast-southwest with El Viejo the oldest to the northeast El Azufre in the middle and the youngest El Virgen to the southwest.El Virgen being by far the most conspicuous of the three is commonly known as Las Tres Vírgenes.
 The Coacăza River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 The São João River (Negro River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Paraná River basin.
 Swan Lake New Zealand is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Tralee Ship Canal (Irish: Long Chanáil Trá Lí) is a canal built for freight and passenger transportation from Tralee Bay to the town of Tralee in County Kerry Ireland. The canal fell into disuse in the mid-20th century but has since been restored.
 Mount Draeger (71°9′S 163°54′E) is a mountain 1690 metres (5540 ft) high in the northwest part of the Posey Range Bowers Mountains Victoria Land Antarctica. The mountain overlooks from the east the junction of Smithson Glacier with the Graveson Glacier. The topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1960–62 and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for chief radioman Ernest J. Draeger U.S.
 The Bălosu River is a tributary of the Năruja River in Romania.
 The Ingaí River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Goldstone Lake is a dry lake in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California 56 km (35 mi) northeast of Barstow. The lake is approximately 5 km (3.1 mi) long and 3 km (1.9 mi) at its widest point.Goldstone Lake is on federal lands within the borders of the Fort Irwin Military Reservation southwest of the Granite Mountains.
 Wilde Aa is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Serpentine River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia. The river rises in the Darling Scarp below Bowerling Hill and flows westward crossing Albany Highway North of North Bannister. The river continues North West through the Youarling State Forest then the Serpentine National Park. The river flows through Serpentine Dam then flows over Serpentine falls just south of Jarrahdale as it comes off the Scarp and onto the Swan Coastal Plain.
 The Vlădețul Mic River is a tributary of the Vlădeț River in Romania.
 Negombo Lagoon is a large estuarine lagoon in Negombo south-west Sri Lanka.The lagoon is fed by a number of small rivers and a canal. It is linked to the sea by a narrow channel to the north near Negombo city. It is surrounded by a densely populated region containing rice paddies coconut plantations and grassland. The land is used for fishing and agriculture.
 Tengiz Lake (Kazakh: Теңіз көлі; Russian: Тенгиз) is a saline lake in north-central part of Kazakhstan.Lake Tengiz is an important wetland site for birds. It is a part of a Ramsar wetland site of international importance Tengiz-Korgalzhyn Lake System. 318 species of birds have been recorded at Lake Tengiz 22 of which are endangered.
 The Bear River is a 14.6-mile-long (23.5 km) tributary of the Androscoggin River in the U.S. state of Maine. It rises in Grafton Notch at the northeastern end of the Mahoosuc Range and flows southeast joining the Androscoggin in the town of Newry. Maine Route 26 follows the entire course of the river.
 Burbage Brook is a river in Padley Gorge Derbyshire England situated close to Sheffield. It is a tributary of the River Derwent. The source of the brook is on moorland to the north of the brook's valley. The water enters Burbage valley at the Upper Burbage Bridge.53°19′21″N 1°36′33″W. Within the first kilometre the height of the brook falls just over 60 metres from its 396 to 335 metres above sea level.
 Thutade Lake is located in the Omineca Mountains of the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada. About 40 km in length and no more than about 2 km wide the lake is primarily significant as the ultimate source of the Mackenzie River. The lake is at the head of the Finlay River which joins the Peace River via Williston Lake.
 The Grand Pond also called Castle Park Pond is located in the park east of the main entrance of Castle Ambras in the city area of Innsbruck. The lake was established by the Habsburgs for rare water birds.The Pond is provided by fresh water due to the Aldranser brook which also drains the Lake. The Lake has quite a good water quality: B grade. The shores were fenced in to forbid bathing. The muddy bottom and the reed regions protect the birds and give nourishment to them and the fishes.
 The Galena River also known as the Fevre or Fever River is a 52.4-mile-long (84.3 km) river which flows through the Midwestern United States.
 Not to be confused with the smaller Cornish watercourse which shares the same name which discharges into Mount's Bay west of Marazion on Cornwall's south coast.The Red River (Cornish: Dowr Koner) is a small river in north-west Cornwall UK which issues into St Ives Bay at Godrevy on Cornwall's Atlantic coast. The Red River is approx 8 miles (13 kilometres) long and gets its name from the mineral deposits associated with tin mining which formerly coloured its water red.
 The Tișița Mică River is a headwater of the Tișița River in Romania.
 Shaheeya Peak (8022 feet (2445 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Shaheeya Lake is just east of the peak and Wahseeja Lake is to the northwest.
 The Cocoș River is a headwater of the Ilişoara Mare in Romania.
 Oberer Murgsee (or Ober Murgsee) is a lake in the Murg valley (Murgtal) in the canton of St. Gallen Switzerland. It is the highest of the three Murgseen.The lake is drained by the Murgbach which empties into Lake Walen at Murg (municipality of Quarten).
 The Pârâul Cetății is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania.
 The Valea cu Apă River is a headwater of the Măgura River in Romania.
 Gierzhagener Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Nican River is a tributary of the Durău River in Romania.
 The Fils river is a 63 km long river in Baden-Württemberg Germany a right tributary of the Neckar. Its source is in the Swabian Alb hills near Wiesensteig. It flows through Geislingen (Steige) and Göppingen to join the Neckar in Plochingen east of Stuttgart. Due to the contribution of the Fils the Neckar is navigable from there.
 Lake River is a tributary about 11 miles (18 km) long of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. It flows north from Vancouver Lake in Vancouver to meet the larger river near Ridgefield and the northern tip of Bachelor Island. The Wilkes Expedition of 1841 referred to Lake River as Calipaya Inlet.The river is part of the 32-mile (51 km) Lewis River – Vancouver Lake Water Trail linking Vancouver Lake to Woodland by waters suitable for kayaks and other boats.
 The River Hamble is a river in Hampshire England. It rises near Bishop's Waltham and flows for some 7.5 miles (12 km) through Botley Bursledon and Swanwick before entering Southampton Water near Hamble-le-Rice and Warsash.The Hamble is tidal for approximately half its length and is navigable in its lower reaches which have facilitated shipbuilding activities since medieval times.
 Weimersheimer Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany located near Weißenburg in Bayern.
 Smith Glacier is a 5.5-mile (8.9 km) long glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It trends southeast to Harvard Arm of College Fjord 2.8 miles (4.5 km) northwest of College Point and 51 miles (82 km) west of Valdez. It was named for Smith College in Northampton Massachusetts by members of the 1899 Harriman Alaska Expedition.
 Gorfion is a mountain on the border of Austria and Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 2308 metres (7572 ft).
 Forstgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Mampituba River is a river forming part of the boundary between Santa Catarina and Rio Grande do Sul states in southeastern Brazil.
 Arrow Peak elevation 13809 ft (4209 m) is a summit in the Needle Mountains of southwestern Colorado. The peak is in the Weminuche Wilderness southeast of Silverton.
 Wanakuni (Aymara wanaku guanaco -ni Aymara suffix to indicate ownership the one that has got guanacos hispanicized spelling Huanacuni) is a mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in the Bolivian Andes about 5796 metres (19016 ft) high. It is situated in the La Paz Department Franz Tamayo Province Pelechuco Municipality east of Lake Cololo and north west of Mount Cololo.
 Aransas Bay is a bay on the Texas gulf coast approximately 30 miles (48 km) northeast of Corpus Christi and 173 miles (278 km) south of San Antonio. It is separated from the Gulf of Mexico by San José Island (also referred to as St. Joseph Island). Aransas Pass is the most direct navigable outlet into the Gulf of Mexico from the bay. The cities of Aransas Pass and Port Aransas are located at the southern end and Rockport is found on the central western shore.
 Hevesy is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the northern pole. The crater is located in between craters Plaskett and Haskin. The large Rozhdestvenskiy crater is located to the Northeast. Hevesy was adopted and named after Hungarian chemist George de Hevesy by the IAU in 2009.
 The Bethany Reservoir is located 8 miles (13 km) northeast of Livermore California USA on the California Aqueduct. It serves as the forebay for the South Bay Pumping Plant that feeds the South Bay Aqueduct.
 Trapper Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Trapper Lake is only .10 mi (0.16 km) north of Bearpaw Lake and at the eastern base of Mount Moran. The lake can be accessed on foot by the Leigh Lake Trail which is an easy 4.6-mile (7.4 km) hike on level terrain.
 The Sitorman River is a tributary of the Casimcea River in Romania.
 The Râul Rudăreasa is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Fan Hir is a peak at the eastern end of the Black Mountain in the Brecon Beacons National Park in south Wales. It is a subsidiary summit of Fan Brycheiniog. It falls within the county of Powys and is also a part of the traditional area of Fforest Fawr. Its Welsh name means 'long peak' a fitting description particularly if seen from the east when its steep eastern face is seen to advantage. Its flat summit is just over 760m above sea level.
 The River Ryton is a tributary of the River Idle. It is formed from a series of tributaries but begins at Lindrick Common in the Metropolitan Borough of Rotherham South Yorkshire England. Most of its course is in Nottinghamshire flowing through the town of Worksop. It meanders northwards to join the River Idle near the town of Bawtry on the South Yorkshire-Nottinghamshire border.While much of its route is rural its course through Worksop is man made a result of development and milling.
 Tabulam Rivulet is a river of the state of New South Wales in Australia.
 Röthen is a river of Thuringia Bavaria Germany.
 Col du Corbier is a French Alpine pass located in Haute-Savoie department in the Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France between the towns of Le Biot and Bonnevaux (Haute-Savoie).Col du Corbier is also the first name of the ski resort located on this site from 1966 to 1975 before being renamed Drouzin-le-Mont.
 Mount Franklin is a mountain located in Coös County New Hampshire. The mountain is named after Benjamin Franklin and is part of the Presidential Range of the White Mountains. Note that Ben Franklin was not a president. Mount Franklin is flanked to the northeast by Mount Monroe and to the southwest by Mount Eisenhower.Mt. Franklin drains on the northwest side into the Ammonoosuc River thence into the Connecticut River and into Long Island Sound in Connecticut.
 Lake Buchanan is a flat salt lake approximately 28 km long and 8 km wide at its widest point with a surface area of about 117 km². It is part of the Thomson River catchment and part of the Desert Uplands bioregion.Lake Buchanan is different from all other salt lakes in Australia because it occurs at a high elevation - on the Great Dividing Range. The lake is shallow and the water tends to be brackish.
 The Formoso River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Breaza River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
 Mount Talinis also known as the Cuernos de Negros (Horns of Negros) is a complex volcano in the Philippine province of Negros Oriental. At about 1903 metres (6243 ft) above sea level it is the second highest mountain on Negros Island after Mount Kanlaon. The volcano is located 9 km (5.6 mi) southwest of the municipality of Valencia; and 20 km (12 mi) from Dumaguete City the capital of the province.
 Càrn a' Mhàim is a Scottish mountain situated in the inner part of the Cairngorms range some 15 kilometres west of Braemar in the county of Aberdeenshire.
 The Salmon River is a river in Ontario Canada. The river flows 135 kilometres (84 mi) south from about 200 metres south of Mazinaw Lake into Kennebec Lake near the community of Arden part of Central Frontenac Frontenac County through a chain of small lakes and through part of Lennox and Addington County to the Bay of Quinte on Lake Ontario near the community of Shannonville part of Tyendinaga Hastings County.
 Boulder Mountain in Utah USA makes up half of the Aquarius Plateau of South Central Utah in Wayne and Garfield counties. The mountain rises to the west of Capitol Reef National Park and consists of steep slopes and cliffs with over 50000 acres (200 km²) of rolling forest and meadowlands on the top.
 Lankower See (Dechow) is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 42.5 m (139 ft) its surface area is 0.916 km2 (0.354 sq mi).
 Cidlina (Czech pronunciation: [ˈtsɪdlɪna]) is a river in the Czech Republic draining south from its source in Tábor hill near Lomnice nad Popelkou through Jičín Nový Bydžov and Chlumec nad Cidlinou merging with the Elbe (Labe) at Libice nad Cidlinou. Cidlina is 87.3 kilometers long its drainage area covers 1164 km² and average discharge is 4.66 m³/s.
 For the nearby community see Lake Alpine California.Lake Alpine is a reservoir in Alpine County California formed by Alpine Dam on Silver Creek. It is located east of Bear Valley in the Sierra Nevada range.
 The Valea Ursească River or Râul Urseasca or Râul Ursasca is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 The Toconce River is a river of Chile.
 The Scridoasa River is a tributary of the Botizu River in Romania.
 The Spătac River or Spătacu River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Mount Benacantil (Valencian pronunciation: [benakanˈtiɫ]) is a mount (or rather a large hill) that dominates the urban part of Alicante and is the characteristic image of the city.
 The Cordillera Central (English: Central Andes) is the highest of the three branches of the Colombian Andes. The range extends from south to north dividing from the Colombian Massif in Cauca Department to the Serranía de San Lucas in Bolivar Departments. The highest peak is Nevado de Huila at 5750 m (18860 ft).
 Fryingpan Glacier is on the eastern face of the 11138-foot (3395 m) Little Tahoma Peak just to the east of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is located on top of a cliff from the Emmons Glacier to the north and a small ridge separates this glacier from the Whitman Glacier to the south except for a small snowfield in which these two glaciers are connected. Most of the ice is located on a broad plateau at an elevation of 8000 to 8600 feet (2400 to 2600 m).
 Aufacker is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Bogstadvannet is a lake between the city of Oslo and the municipality of Bærum Akershus Norway. It is part of Sørkedalsvassdraget which in turn is part of Oslomarkvassdraget.Originally the lake was named Få(d)vannet after an earlier name for Lysakerelven but has since taken the name of the Bogstad estate and manor on the east shore of the lake.
 The Murgușa River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 Totoket Mountain with a high point of (est.) 720 feet (220 m) above sea level is a traprock massif with several distinct summits located 7 miles (11 km) northeast of New Haven Connecticut. It is part of the Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border.
 The Mira River is a Canadian river located in southeastern Cape Breton Island Nova Scotia.With a meander length of approximately 55 km (34 mi) the Mira has a very slow flow rate. The river's source is traced to a series of lakes clustered around Victoria Bridge near the boundary with Richmond County. It is also fed by the Salmon River.
 The Osse is a 120 km (75 mi) long river in southwestern France right tributary of the river Gélise. Its source is in the Hautes-Pyrénées 2 km (1.2 mi) southeast of the village Bernadets-Debat in the Plateau de Lannemezan. It joins the river Gélise 5 km (3.1 mi) southwest of the town Nérac.Its course crosses the following départements and communes: Hautes-Pyrénées: Bernadets-Debat Gers: Montesquiou Saint-Arailles Vic-Fezensac Mouchan Lot-et-Garonne: Fréchou Moncrabeau Lannes
 The Grand River Bostonnais flows in the municipality of Rivière-à-Pierre in Portneuf Regional County Municipality in the administrative region of the National Capital in Quebec in Canada. The surface of the river is frozen from November to April. The surrounding area is mostly mountainous and forested.
 The Măguri River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Pointe d'Areu is a mountain of Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Aravis range. It has an altitude of 2478 metres above sea level.
 The Valea cea Mare River is a tributary of the Bicaci River in Romania
 Rangeet or Rangit (Devanagari रंगीत) is a tributary of the Teesta river the largest river in the Indian state of Sikkim. The Rangeet river originates in the Himalayan mountains in West Sikkim district. A perennial river it is fed by the melting snow of the Himalayas in early summer and the monsoon rains in July–August. It is popular among rafting enthusiasts owing to its turbulent waters. The river flows past the towns of Jorethang Pelling and Legship.
 Marsh Creek is a 56-mile (90 km) long tributary of the Portneuf River in Bannock County Idaho. Beginning at an elevation of 5157 feet (1572 m) near Red Rock Pass it flows generally north near the communities of Downey and Arimo. It parallels the Portneuf River starting near McCammon reaching its mouth near Inkom at an elevation of 4518 feet (1377 m). It is roughly paralleled by Interstate 15 for most of its length.
 The Erdre is a river in western France right tributary to the river Loire. Its source is in the Maine-et-Loire département near La Pouëze. It flows through the départements Maine-et-Loire and Loire-Atlantique. It flows into the river Loire in the city Nantes. Other towns on the Erdre going downstream are Candé Riaillé Nort-sur-Erdre and Sucé-sur-Erdre.The Erdre is unusual in that it widens out as one travels up-river.
 Stöfler is a large lunar impact crater located in the crater-riddled southern highlands named for Johannes Stöffler. It sits to the west of the crater Maurolycus. The distorted crater Fernelius is attached to the northern rim and Miller and Nasireddin lie to the west.
 Stendlitz is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Fossil Creek (Yavapai: Hakhavsuwa) is a perennial stream near the community of Strawberry in the U.S. state of Arizona. A tributary of the Verde River Fossil Creek flows from its headwaters on the Mogollon Rim to meet the larger stream near the former Childs Power Plant.Fossil Springs near the headwaters emits upwards of 20000 US gallons (76 m3) per minute that flow into the creek year-round.
 The Coast Mountains are a major mountain range in the Pacific Coast Ranges of western North America extending from southwestern Yukon through the Alaska Panhandle and virtually all of the Coast of British Columbia south to the Fraser River. They are so-named because of their proximity to the sea coast and are often referred to as the Coast Range.
 Tarpenbek is a creek running from Norderstedt through parts of Hamburg before mouthing into the Alster in Eppendorf.
 Beke (Lippe) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Seguam Island (Aleut: Saĝuugamax) is a small volcanic island in the Andreanof Islands group in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska. The island is mountainous and oval shaped with a land area of 80.04 square miles (207.3 km2). It is 16 miles (26 km) long and 6.8 miles (10.9 km) wide. The 2000 census reported a population of one person.The island consists of several overlapping stratovolcanoes and it contains two calderas each with central volcanic cones.
 The Valea Dracului River is a tributary of the Muşatul River in Romania.
 Berd (Russian: Бердь) is a river in Russia right arm of the Ob River.Flows from the western slopes of the Salair ridge makes 30 km in Altai Krai territory and the rest in Novosibirsk Oblast. Flows into the Novosibirsk water reservoir which submerged 40 km of the original Berd` river after construction.Length - 363 km (416 originally) water basin — 8740 km2..Annual water expenditure - 458 cubic meters per second.
 Clairaut is a lunar crater that is located in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon's near side. It lies directly to the south of the crater Maurolycus and southeast of Barocius. Just to the southwest is Cuvier.This crater has been eroded and damaged by subsequent impacts particularly in the southern half of the formation. The satellite crater Clairaut A lies across the southeastern rim. The southern rim has been modified by several small craters including Clairaut B.
 The Notikewin River is a tributary of the Peace River in northern Alberta Canada. The Notikewin Provincial Park is established at the mouth of the river.The name derives from nôtinikewin (ᓅᑎᓂᑫᐃᐧᐣ) the Cree word for battle. The name is shared with the settlement of Notikewin and is lent to the Notikewin Member a stratigraphical unit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
 Stripe Mountain is the highest point in both the South Clearwater Mountains and the Clearwater Mountains as a whole part of the Bitterroot Range and Rocky Mountains in the panhandle of Idaho in the Western United States. Its summit is at an elevation of 9001 ft (2744 m) and the mountain's ridgeline forms the boundary of Idaho County and Lemhi County.
 Gamka River (Afrikaans: Gamkarivier) is a river located in the Western Cape South Africa. The name 'Gamka' means 'Lion' and was probably named this by the San people (Bushmen). The river originates north of Beaufort West generally flowing southwest towards the Gamkapoort Dam.The main tributaries of the Gamka River are the Dwyka River Koekemoers River and Leeuw River which rise in the Great Karoo converge and flow southwards through the Swartberg Mountains.
 Wallenpaupack Creek is a 30.0-mile-long (48.3 km) tributary of the Lackawaxen River in the Poconos of eastern Pennsylvania in the United States.Wallenpaupack is from the Lenape language and has been interpreted as deep dead water or the stream of swift and slow water.Approximately 13 miles (21 km) of the lower Wallenpaupack Creek lies buried beneath Lake Wallenpaupack a reservoir created when the utility Pennsylvania Power and Light (PPL) dammed the creek in 1926 as a water supply for a 44-megawatt hydroelectric power plant.
 Stùc a' Chroin is a mountain located in the southern part of the Highlands of Scotland. It lies to the south of Ben Vorlich which is itself bounded to the north by Loch Earn and to the west by Loch Lubnaig. The boundary between the council areas of Perth and Kinross and Stirling passes through the summit of the peak and the town of Callander lies to the south.Stùc a' Chroin is most often climbed in conjunction with Ben Vorlich from Ardvorlich to the north.
 Volcán Espíritu Santo is an pleistocene stratovolcano at the center of the San José volcanic group located at 90 km (56 mi) from Santiago de Chile at the end of the Cajón del Maipo on the Chile-Argentina border.
 Murphy Lake is a reservoir in Lee County Alabama United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 538 feet (164 m).
 Tazin Lake is a lake of Saskatchewan Canada.
 Loch Morar (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Mhòrair) is a freshwater loch in Morar Lochaber Highland Scotland. It is the fifth-largest loch in Scotland with a surface area of 26.7 km2 (10.3 sq mi) and the deepest freshwater body in the British Isles; with a maximum depth of 1017 ft (310 m) it is deeper than the height of The Shard in London.Loch Morar is of glacial origin with very steep sides and a length of 19 km (12 mi).
 Santa Isabel Creek is a small stream of water located in Webb County Texas which runs through Laredo Texas. The creek is formed 32 miles from Callaghan Texas and runs southwest for 33 mi (53 km) until the creek connects to the Rio Grande. The terrain surrounding the creek is mostly clay. The vegetation surrounding the creek is mostly made up of mesquite cacti and grasses.
 The Avalanche Peaks are two mountain peaks situated above the Arwa Valley to the northwest of Badrinath in the Indian state of Uttarakhand. The peaks are named for the avalanches experienced by early climbers seeking to cross the glaciers beneath them.
 The Valea Albă River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania. The upper course of the river is also known as Bujoreanca River'.
 Murphy Lake (also Murphey Lake and Slocum Lake) is a lake in Denver Township in Newaygo County Michigan United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 787 feet (240 m).
 The Pârâul Laptelui is a tributary of the Strâmbu River in Romania.
 Lac Beauvert or Beauvert Lake is a small lake (0.4 km²) in Jasper National Park Alberta Canada. It is located next to the Jasper Park Lodge a Fairmont Hotels and Resorts property. The lake is located a 10 minute drive North-East of the town of Jasper.
 Monte Naranco is a mountain in Oviedo Spain. The church Santa María del Naranco is situated on its slopes. It is also known as the finish for the bicycle races Subida al Naranco and Vuelta a España.
 The Arrecifes River (Spanish Río Arrecifes) is a river of Argentina. It is a tributary of the Paraná River. It flows into the Paraná Delta area and joins the Paraná de las Palmas distributary of the Paraná River.
 The Râșca Mare River is a tributary of the Someșul Rece River in Romania.
 The Uraricaá River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 The Anglesea River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It arises in the Otway Ranges and enters Bass Strait through the town of the same name.The river was named after Anglesey an island in Wales.
 The Melissa River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Long Water is a recreational lake in Hyde Park London England created in 1730 at the behest of Queen Caroline. The Long Water refers to the long and narrow western half of the lake that is known as the Serpentine. Serpentine Bridge which marks the boundary between Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens also marks the Long Water's eastern boundary. The Long Water and the Serpentine are generally considered to be part of one lake.
 The Muretto Pass (Italian: Passo del Muretto) (2562 m) is a high mountain pass in the Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It connects Maloja in the Swiss canton of Graubünden with Chiesa in Valmalenco in the Italian region of Lombardy. The pass lies between Monte del Forno (Bregaglia Range) and Piz Fedoz (Bernina Range).The pass is traversed by a trail.
 The Răchita River is a tributary of the Crivadia River in Romania.
 The Wethau is a river which springs from Hohendorf Holzlandkreis and runs through Thuringia and Saxony-Anhalt. It flows into the River Saale at Schellsitz Burgenlandkreis. The River Wethau falls 2299 m and is 30 km long.
 Tinquilco Lake is one of several lakes in Huerquehue National Park in the La Araucanía Region in southern Chile. Located at 700 meters; it is the first lake visitors encounter in the park before continuing on the Tres Lagos (Lago Chico Lago Toro and Laguna Verde) hike.Its primary outflow is Quinchol River which is a tributary of the Liucura River which in turn is a tributary of the Trancura River.
 The Geltenhorn (also spelled Gältehore) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It belongs to the massif of the Wildhorn and lies approximately halfway between the Arpelistock and the summit of the Wildhorn.The north side of the Geltenhorn is covered by a glacier named Geltengletscher.
 The Spechhorn (it: Pizzo di Antigine) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. On its northern side (Valais) it overlooks the lake of Mattmark.
 The Moraru River is a tributary of the Ploştina River in Romania.
 Loch Lomond is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Nef River is a river of Chile. The river has its source at a proglacial lake which is feed by Nef Glacier. It flows in a generally easterly direction until it discharges into the Baker River.
 The Xinfeng River (Chinese Postal Map Romanisation: Sunfung River; Chinese: 新丰江; pinyin: Xīnfēng Jiāng) is a river in Guangdong Province China and a tributary of the Dong River. Its confluence with the Dong is in Heyuan. The river is dammed by the Xinfengjiang Dam creating the large Xinfengjiang Reservoir.
 Bulgapsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 516 metres.
 Rogan's Seat is a remote hill located near East Stonesdale and Gunnerside Gill in the Yorkshire Dales in England.It is a high expanse of moorland that stretches alongside Swaledale Swinner Gill and Gunnerside Gill.
 The Tocbești River is a tributary of the Gădălin River in Romania.
 Iru Phutunqu (Aymara iru spiny Peruvian feather grass phutunqu a small vessel or a hole pit crater hispanicized spelling Iruputuncu) is a mountain in the Andes in the Cordillera Occidental on the border of Bolivia and Chile. On the Chilean side it is located in the Tarapacá Region and on the Bolivian side it lies in the Potosí Department Daniel Campos Province Llica Municipality. Iru Phutunqu lies south east of Mount Candelaria west of the Uyuni salt flat and south of the Umani.
 Disambiguation: the name Dechmont and an associated Dechmont Hill are also places near Cambuslang in ScotlandDechmont Law is a hill in Livingston West Lothian Scotland. It lies around 700 yards south west of the village of Dechmont where it derives its name. It is known locally as Decky Hill although these names are of far more recent provenance. It has also been known as Dechmont Hill (Law is Lowland Scots for hill).
 The West Fork Millicoma River is a tributary about 34 miles (55 km) long of the Millicoma River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Rising in northeastern Coos County near the Douglas County line it flows generally southwest through the Elliott State Forest of the Southern Oregon Coast Range to the community of Allegany. There it joins the East Fork Millicoma River to form the Millicoma.
 Voio (Greek: Βόιο Voio; Ancient Greek: Βόιον - Boeon) is a mountain range in the southwestern Kastoria and western Kozani regional units in Greece. The mountain is part of the Pindus mountains. Its highest elevation is 1805 m. It is a densely forested and sparsely populated mountain range. It is drained towards the river Sarantaporos in the west and towards the Aliakmonas in the east.
 The Cuza River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Amacuro River is a river in South America. It forms part of the northern section of the international boundary between Venezuela and Guyana. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Valea Ursului River is a tributary of the Anieșul Mic River in Romania.
 The Aiguille Blanche de Peuterey (4112 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif in Italy. It is considered the most difficult and serious of the alpine 4000-m mountains.There are three tops to the mountain:Pointe Güssfeldt (4112 m)Pointe Seymour King (4107 m)Pointe Jones (4104 m)The three tops are named after Paul Güssfeldt Henry Seymour King and Humphrey Owen Jones.
 The Vel (Russian: Вель) is a river in Konoshsky and Velsky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Vaga River. It is 223 kilometres (139 mi) long and the area of its basin 5390 square kilometres (2080 sq mi). Its average discharge (measured at the village of Balamutovskaya about a dozen kilometers upstream from the mouth of the Vel) is 47.7 cubic metres per second (1680 cu ft/s). Its main tributaries are the Podyuga and the Shonosha (both left).
 The lake Virelles is an artificial lake near the city of Chimay in Belgium. The lake is an important nature reserve with a great number of birds. The lake’s area covers 125 km².
 Ansgarius is a lunar impact crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon. When viewed from the Earth the crater has a highly oval shape due to foreshortening but the rim is actually nearly circular. To the northwest of Ansgarius is the crater La Pérouse and south is Behaim.The rim of Ansgarius is not significantly worn and has a terraced interior surface.
 The Balaura Mică River is a headwater of the Balaura River in Romania.
 The Pârâul de la Cruce is a tributary of the Cătăuți River in Romania.
 Shota Rustaveli (officially known as the Shota Rustaveli Peak) (Georgian: შოთა რუსთაველის მწვერვალი) is a mountain in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range straddling the border of Svaneti (Georgia) and Kabardino-Balkaria (Russia). The elevation of the mountain is 4860 meters (15940 feet). Shota Rustaveli is generally considered to be the 9th highest peak of the Caucasus.
 Palkonda Hills are a range of hills that form a part of the Eastern Ghats in the southern Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. Meaning milk hills they run along a northwest to southeast direction culminating at the pilgrimage centre of Tirupati.
 Båvrojávrre is a lake that lies on the border between Norway and Sweden. Most of the 6.08-square-kilometre (2.35 sq mi) lake lies in Norway in the municipality of Tysfjord in Nordland county. Only 0.61 square kilometres (0.24 sq mi) of the lake lies in Sweden in Gällivare Municipality in Norrbotten County. The lake Baugevatnet lies just to the north. The ending -jávrre is the Lule Sami word for lake.
 Loch Fergus (NS 3932 1823) is a freshwater post-glacial 'Kettle Hole' sometimes recorded as Fergus Loch. It is quite visible and is situated in a low lying area close to the B742 road between the farms and dwellings of Trees Lochfergus and Bowmanston in the Parish of Ayr South Ayrshire Scotland. The loch lies to the north of Martnaham Loch 4 miles (6.5 km) east southeast of Ayr. It drains to the southwest into the Snipe Loch.
 The Stourbridge Extension Canal was a short canal built to serve a number of mines in the Kingswinford area of Staffordshire in England. Although connected to the Stourbridge Canal it was independent from it. It opened in 1840 and was abandoned in 1935. A short section of it is still used as moorings for boats using the Stourbridge Canal.
 Gray Peak is the unofficial name for the highest mountain of the Big Salmon Range in south-central Yukon Canada located 79 km (49 mi) north of Johnson's Crossing and 84 km (52 mi) south of Fox Mountain.
 Little Murray River (Victoria) an anabranch of the Murray River and part of the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Mallee district of north western Victoria Australia.The river rises near Fish Point leaving the Murray River and flows generally northwest joined by the Loddon River before reaching its confluence with the Murray near Swan Hill; descending 17 metres (56 ft) over its 46 kilometres (29 mi) course.
 Clayhill Brook is a small stream in southern England in the county of Berkshire. It rises at Benham's Gulley in the far West of Burghfield Common and runs through the Northern edge of the Village forming the border between Burghfield Parish and Sulhamstead Parish. The brook running to the North East passes through woodland Omers Gulley at the edge of the village. The woodland and the brook is a haven for local wildlife in the area and is a particularly important resource in this respect.
 The Leorda River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Urucu River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Skillet Glacier is in Grand Teton National Park Wyoming United States. The glacier is situated on the eastern cliffs of Mount Moran and is easily seen from Jackson Hole. The shape of the glacier led to the naming as the uppermost section of the glacier is long and narrow and then broadens abruptly more than halfway down the mountain into a larger area giving it the shape of a skillet or frying pan.
 Jølstra is a river in the municipalities of Jølster and Førde in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 22-kilometre (14 mi) long river flows from the lake of Jølstravatnet (at an elevation of 207 metres (679 ft) above sea level) down to the Førdefjorden (which is at sea level).
 The oligotrophic circumneutral body of water called Mirror Lake is in the Adirondack Mountains in northern New York in the USA. The lake is approximately 122 acres (0.49 km2) and has an average depth of about 14 feet (4.3 m). It is located in the village of Lake Placid near the center of the town of North Elba in Essex County.
 The Khantaika (Russian: Хантайка) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai Russia. It is a right tributary of the Yenisei. The source of the Khantaika is Lake Khantaika. It flows through Ust-Khantaika Reservoir.
 The Jaguariaíva River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Breiteberg is a mountain in the Lausitzer Bergland in Free State of Saxony Federal Republic of Germany with an altitude of 510 metres (1670 ft) above mean sea level. It is the local mountain of Hainewalde and automobiles can reach it from the village in 30 min. Phonolite covers most of its surface.
 The Sierra Pinta or Sierra Pintas (coll. Spanish for Painted Mountains) are a narrow remote block faulted northwest-southeast trending mountain range about 22 miles (35 km) long located in southwestern Arizona in the arid northwestern Sonoran Desert just north of the Pinacate Reserve of northern Sonora Mexico.
 Tomahawk Lake (Halifax) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. It is managed by the Halifax Regional Water Commission as a potential future source of expansion to the municipality's drinking water supply.
 The Valea Mare River (also known as Kosder River Kosbach River Kozd River Cosd River or Văleni River) is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 Argelander is a lunar impact crater that is located in the south-central highlands of the Moon. It lies in the midpoint between the smaller crater Vogel in the north and the larger Airy to the south. To the northwest is the worn remnant of Parrot. Just to the west is a shallow cleft in the surface that follows a course to the north-northwest intersecting the southeast rim of Parrot.The rim of Argelander is somewhat worn and indented although less distorted than Airy to the south.
 Rattlesnake Ridge (sometimes called Rattlesnake Ledge or Rattlesnake Mountain) is a mountain ridge located south of North Bend Washington United States. The western end is near the intersection of State Route 18 and I-90 in Snoqualmie Washington and runs southeast about 7 miles (11 km) or 11 miles (18 km) by trail.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Branco River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Portions of this article include public domain text from the USFS Deschutes & Ochoco National Forests - Crooked River National Grassland.Four Craters Lava Field is a basaltic volcanic field located south east of Newberry Caldera in the U.S. state of Oregon. The volcanic field covers about 30 square kilometers. Four Pleistocene cinder cones are the source of the flows in the field and are aligned along a fissure trending N 30° W.
 Lake Waswanipi is a lake in south western Quebec Canada. The name is of Cree origin. Waswanipi is compound word composed of wâswâ- (to fish at night using a torch) and nipî (water) and is usually translated as light over the water referring to the traditional night-time fishing method of luring fish to light by using torches. An island in the lake was historically the location of a Cree summer village also known by the name of Waswanipi.
 The Siminoc River is a tributary of the Teșna River in Romania.
 Plynlimon (anglicised from Pumlumon in Welsh meaning five peaks) is the highest point of the Cambrian Mountains in Wales and the highest point in Mid Wales. It is a massif that dominates the countryside of northern Ceredigion.The highest point of the massif itself is Pen Pumlumon Fawr at 752 metres (2467 ft).
 The Izvorul Surlei River is a tributary of the Râul Doamnei in Romania.
 Truse is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Rainbow Range is a small subrange of the Park Ranges subdivisions of the Northern Continental Ranges of the Rocky Mountains on the border between Alberta and British Columbia in Mount Robson Provincial Park.Its highest summit and the highest in the Canadian Rockies is Mount Robson 3959 m (12989 ft) followed by nearby Resplendent Mountain 3425 m (11241 ft) and Mount Kain 2863 m (9393 ft).
 Frog Mortar Creek is a tidal creek in Baltimore County Maryland. The creek empties into the Middle River and surrounds the northeast and southeast sides of Martin State Airport.
 Meirim River is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil.
 The Gorge River is a river on the West Coast of New Zealand. It arises in the Hope Blue River Range and flows south-west into the Tasman Sea. Its tributaries include the Duncan River and Jerry River. It passes through Cascade Forest. Its mouth is about 15 km north-east of Awarua Point. The Gorge Islands are very small islands near the mouth. At its mouth it is a fast tidal river.
 The Big Hole River is a tributary of the Jefferson River approximately 153 miles (246 km) long in southwestern Montana in the United States. Its source is Skinner Lake in the Beaverhead National Forest in the Beaverhead Mountains of the Bitterroot Range at the continental divide along the Montana-Idaho border in western Beaverhead County. It flows northwest and north past Wisdom and between the Anaconda Range to the northwest and the Pioneer Mountains to the east.
 The São Nicolau River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Iadul Văii Albe River is a tributary of the Valea Albă River in Romania.
 Dilsbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Afon Clarach (English: River Clarach) is a small river discharging into Cardigan Bay north of Aberystwyth. It flows through a largely agricultural and forested landscape except in its lowest reaches where its banks are crowded with holiday developments. The Clarach is formed at the confluence of the Afon Stewi and Nant Seilo at Penrhyncoch with both their headwaters originating in low hills at the edge of the Plynlimon range.
 Notch Peak is a distinctive summit located on Sawtooth Mountain in the House Range west of Delta Utah. The peak and the surrounding area are part of the Notch Peak Wilderness Study Area (WSA). Bristlecone pines estimated to be 3000 to 4000 years old are located on the ridges surrounding Notch Peak.
 The Black Mountains of Utah USA is a 30-mi (48 km) long mountain range in the northeast of Iron County. The north ridgeline of the range forms the southeast border of Beaver County.The range borders the northeast portion of the Escalante Desert and the range's southeast flank trends with the Hurricane Cliffs and Parowan Valley. In the south section of a southwest trending ridgeline is the Parowan Gap Petroglyphs Site.
 Bornos Reservoir is a reservoir in Bornos province of Cádiz Andalusia Spain.
 The Little Finger is a mountain in the Five Fingers Group a group of summits on the divide between Pitt Lake and Coquitlam Lake and north of Widgeon Lake in British Columbia Canada.
 Porche di Vallinfante is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 Lindenberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Edamalayar or Idamalayar is one of the major tributaries of the Periyar River the longest river in Kerala state south India. Idamalayar Dam is situated in this river
 The Colții lui Andrei Mari River is a headwater of the Colții lui Andrei River in Romania.
 Anlauter is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Milovița River is a tributary of the Milova River in Romania.
 The Uvá River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Valea Vagonului River is a tributary of the Brădețel River in Romania.
 The Amtsberge are a relatively small ridge up to 392.2 m above sea level near Dassel in southern Lower Saxony in Germany.
 The Fläming Heath is a region and a hill chain that reaches over 100 km from the Elbe river to the Dahme River in the German states Saxony-Anhalt and Brandenburg. Its highest elevation is the Hagelberg (201 m). The name Fläming originates from the 12th century when Flemish colonists came to settle in the region from the overcrowded cities of Flanders.Today the Fläming Heath is a rural area which benefits from its vicinity to the Berlin metropolitan area.
 Hehlenriede is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Brunnbach (München) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Carpenter Mountain is a mountain located in Linn County Oregon in the Willamette National Forest. It is part of the Cascade Range and is one of the highest and easternmost peaks of the low-lying western Cascades. A fire lookout on the summit was built in 1934 and has been recently reactivated for use. It marks the northernmost point in the H.J. Andrews Experimental Forest.
 The Pietrosu River is a tributary of the Muncelu River in Romania.
 Col d'Ares (French: [kɔldaʁ]) or Coll d'Ares (Catalan: [ˈkɔʎ ˈdaɾəs]) (el. 1513 m) is a mountain pass in the Pyrenees on the border between France and Spain.It connects Prats-de-Mollo in France with Molló in Catalonia Spain.
 The Gruiu River is a tributary of the Vedița River in Romania.
 The Indian River is a river and estuary approximately 15 mi (24 km) long in Sussex County in southern Delaware in the United States.It rises approximately 2 mi (3 km) southwest of Georgetown and flows east past Millsboro its head of navigation. It enters Indian River Bay an inlet of the Atlantic Ocean south of Cape Henlopen.
 Chalakudy River or Chalakudy Puzha is the fourth longest river in Kerala India. The river flows through Palakkad district Thrissur District and Ernakulam District of Kerala. The total drainage area of the river is 1704 km². out of this 1404 km² lies in Kerala and the rest 300 km² in Tamil Nadu. The length of the river is 145.5 km.
 Gumboot Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is about 750 metres (2461 ft) long and 290 metres (951 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 345 metres (1132 ft) about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northwest of the community of Schreiber. The primary inflow and outflow is the Whitesand River which flows downstream to Longcanoe Lake.
 The South Branch of the Ashuelot River is a 17.4 mile long (28.1 km) river located in southwestern New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Ashuelot River itself a tributary of the Connecticut River which flows to Long Island Sound.The South Branch begins in the town of Troy New Hampshire at the confluence of Rockwood Brook and Quarry Brook. The river flows in a zigzag manner northwest then southwest then north to the Ashuelot River in Swanzey.
 The Wilder Pfaff is a mountain in the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Laki River is a river in southern Java Indonesia.
 Tinto is a hill in South Lanarkshire Scotland. Tinto is an outlying hill of the Southern Uplands comprising little more than this one top which stands on the west bank of the River Clyde some 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) west of Biggar.
 The Água Quente River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Bolton Lake is a lake in the Hayes River drainage basin in Census Division No. 22 - Thompson-North Central Northern Region Manitoba Canada. The lake is at an elevation of 212 metres (696 ft); the main body of the lake is about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) long and 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) wide but an arm extends a further 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) for a total width of 19 km as well.
 Canisp (Scottish Gaelic: Canasp) is a mountain in the far north west of Scotland. It is situated in the parish of Assynt in the county of Sutherland 25 kilometres north of the town of Ullapool. Canisp reaches a height of 847 metres (2779 feet) and qualifies as a Corbett and Marilyn hill. The mountain's name translates from the Old Norse language as “White Mountain”.
 Mireuksan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 901 metres.
 Sierra Negra (also and perhaps more properly Cerro La Negra) is an extinct volcanic companion peak of Mexico's highest mountain the Pico de Orizaba (Citlaltepetl). At up to 4640 m (15220 ft) above sea level (depending on which source one consults) it is one of Mexico's highest peaks perhaps even the fourth highest though it is usually listed fifth.
 The Progo River is a river in southern central Java Indonesia. The river passes through two provinces; Central Java and Yogyakarta Special Region. The source of the river is on the slopes of Mount Sundoro Central Java. The river runs to the southeast through the city of Magelang then through the historical Kedu Plain passing near the well known Borobudur Mendut and Pawon temples.
 The Mulanje Massif also known as Mount Mulanje is a large monadnock in southern Malawi near the city of Blantyre rising sharply from the surrounding plains of Chiradzulu and the tea-growing Mulanje district. It measures approximately 13x16 miles (22x26 kilometres) and has a maximum elevation of 3002 m at its highest point Sapitwa Peak. Much of the Massif consists of rolling grassland at elevations of 1800-2200 m intersected by deep forested ravines.
 Duck Pond Run is a tributary of the Stony Brook in Mercer County New Jersey in the United States.
 The Șaru River is a tributary of the Sabar River in Romania.
 Cerro Paranal is a mountain in the Atacama desert of northern Chile that is home to the Paranal Observatory. The elevation is 2635 metres (8645 ft) above sea level. It is the site of the Very Large Telescope and the VLT Survey Telescope. It is located 120 kilometres (75 mi) south of Antofagasta and 80 km (50 mi) north of Taltal 12 km (7.5 mi) inland.
 Lac des Bez is a lake at Grande-Rivière in the Jura department of France.
 The Tegernsee is a Zungenbecken lake in the Bavarian Alps in southern Germany. The lake is the centre of a popular recreation area 50 kilometres (31 mi) south-east of Munich. Resorts on the lake include the eponymous Tegernsee as well as Bad Wiessee Kreuth Gmund and Rottach-Egern.The lake is some 6.5 kilometres (4.0 mi) in length with a width of 1.4 kilometres (0.87 mi) and an area of 8.934 square kilometres (3.449 sq mi).
 The Remetea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Savalen is a lake in Hedmark country Norway in the municipalities Tynset and Alvdal about 18 square kilometres. The river Sivilla which connects Savalen and Glomma is regulated and exploited by the Savalen hydropower station (62 MW). A tourist resort is located at the northern end of the lake with facilities for winter sport.
 The Grand Valley is an extended populated valley approximately 30 miles (48 km) long and 5 miles (8 km) wide located along the Colorado River in Mesa County Colorado and Grand County Utah in the United States. The valley contains the city of Grand Junction as well as other smaller communities such as Fruita and Palisade. The valley is noted as a major fruit growing region with a large number of orchards.
 The Aquarius Mountains are a 45-mi (72 km) long mountain range in southeast Mohave County Arizona.
 The Seille (French pronunciation: ​[la sɛj]) is a river in the French région of Lorraine right tributary of the Moselle River. It is also known as the Seille lorraine or the Grande Seille (large Seille) to distinguish it from another Seille a small tributary of the Saône.It originates near Azoudange in the département of Moselle. Leaving the Lindre lake it skirts the town of Dieuze and traverses Vic-sur-Seille and Nomeny before flowing into the Moselle at Metz.
 The Homorod River (Hungarian:Homoród-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Höglwörther See is a lake in Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 540 metres (1770 ft). It has a surface area of 13.5 hectares (33 acres).The Höglwörth Abbey was founded in 1125 on an island in the lake now a peninsula due to silting.
 The Botoș River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Six Mile Lake Nova Scotia is a lake about 2 Kilometers west of Halifax City in the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Hae Hae Te Moana River is a river in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It originates in the Four Peaks Range of the Southern Alps with a North Branch and South Branch merging to the north of Pleasant Valley. The river runs south-east to join the Waihi River near Winchester. The combined river is called the Temuka River which flows past Temuka to join the Opihi River shortly before it runs into the Canterbury Bight.
 Bow Lake is a 1160-acre (470 ha) water body located in Strafford and Rockingham counties in eastern New Hampshire United States in the towns of Strafford and Northwood. Its outlet is the Isinglass River flowing east to the Atlantic Ocean via the Cocheco and Piscataqua rivers.
 Mameigwess Lake is a wilderness lake in the Kenora District of northwestern Ontario Canada.
 Snake Island Lake is a lake in the Ottawa River drainage basin in Strathy Township Municipality of Temagami Nipissing District of Northeastern Ontario Canada.The primary outflow is a navigable channel to Cassels Lake which flows via Rabbit Lake the Matabitchuan River and Lake Timiskaming into the Ottawa River.
 Wiebelhäuser Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ellingwood Point or Ellingwood Peak is a fourteener in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristo Range approximately 1/2 mile (1 km) northwest of Blanca Peak. It lies on the border between Alamosa County and Huerfano County.
 Branch Lake is a lake in Haliburton County Ontario Canada in the southern extension of Algonquin Park. The York River flows into and exits from the lake. The North York River joins the York River at the lake.
 Mezhdusopochny is a snow-capped stratovolcano in the central Kamchatka. The volcano has showed rare activity since 1292. The volcano's proximity is covered with other volcanoes and cinder cones.
 Lake Ikazn (Belarusian: Возера Іказнь) is a lake in the Braslau Lakes National Park of northern Belarus. It liea about 14 km east of Braslau and has an area of 2.38 km ² and length of 2.97 km . The maximum width is 0.8 km and its coastline is 12.7 km in length. The greatest depth is 8.4 m. The water volume is 7.94 mln m ³ and the catchment area is 25.3 km ². The slopes of the valley are 12–15 m are forested towards the southeast.
 Rhünda is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Norman Creek is a small tributary of the Brisbane River. The headwaters of the creek are located on the northern slopes of Toohey Mountain and Mount Gravatt in southern Brisbane.Edmund Lockyer named the waterway Norman Creek in 1825.The creek drains the suburbs of Tarragindi and Holland Park West then flows northwards through Greenslopes Norman Park and East Brisbane before entering the Brisbane River at Humbug Reach.The total catchment area is 29.8 km².
 Litavka is a river in the Czech Republic the right tributary of the Berounka River. It originates in the Brdy mountain range at the elevation of 736 m and flows for 54.9 km to Beroun where it enters the Berounka River.It flows through Příbram Trhové Dušníky Čenkov Jince Libomyšl Chodouň and Králův Dvůr. In Příbram it flows just near the west stand of the Na Litavce football stadium.
 Fossil Mountain is a mountain located south of Skoki Mountain in Banff National Park Canada. The mountain was named in 1906 by M.P. Bridgland of the first ascent party after the numerous fossils that can be found on its slopes.Fossil Mountain is the site of the first known skiing fatality in the Canadian Rockies. On April 7 1933 Raymond Paley died in a slab avalanche when he attempted to ski down the mountain after skiing almost to the top.
 Schwarzach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Kolsnaren is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Berești River is a tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania.
 Bulstake Stream also spelt Bullstake Stream is a backwater of the River Thames at Oxford England.The stream leaves the main stream of the Thames at a river junction known as Four Rivers at the south west corner of Fiddler's Island opposite Sheepwash Channel. It immediately flows past Tumbling Bay the site of a bathing place in use from 1853 to 1990. Osney Ditch flows out of Bulstake Stream southeast towards Osney.
 Mount Washington is a mountain on the eastern edge of the Vancouver Island Ranges of British Columbia and the site of the popular Mount Washington Alpine Resort. It is located approximately 25 km (16 mi) from the Comox Valley.
 The McGregor River is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.The McGregor River was named for the Provincial Land Surveyor Captain James Herrick McGregor who fought and died in 1915 at the Second Battle of Ypres in Belgian Flanders.
 The Tseax Cone (/ˈsiːæks/ SEE-aks) also called the Tseax River Cone or alternately the Aiyansh Volcano is a young cinder cone and adjacent lava flows associated with the Nass Ranges and the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province.
 Jach'a Quta (Aymara jach'a big great quta lake great lake hispanicized spelling Jacha Kkota) is a lake in Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Pedro Domingo Murillo Province Achocalla Municipality. It is situated south of El Alto and La Paz near Achocalla. Jach'a Quta is situated at a height of about 3760 metres (12340 ft) about 0.67 km long and 0.5 km at its widest point.
 West Blue Mountain is the highest peak in the San Mateo Mountains of southwestern New Mexico in the United States. It rises in the southern half of the range far from any paved road making access difficult and traffic on the surrounding trails very light.Its summit is the highest point in the Apache Kid Wilderness of the Cibola National Forest.
 Cerro Pan de Azúcar (Sugar Loaf Hill) is the third highest point of Uruguay with an altitude of 423 metres (1387.8 ft).
 The River Riccal is a river of North Yorkshire England lying within the North Yorks Moors National Park. It is a tributary of the River Rye which in turn is a tributary of the River Derwent. The name originates in the fourteenth century as Ricolvegraines means Rye Calf where Calf is a small island near a larger one.
 Steno is a relatively small lunar impact crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the Moon's far side. It lies to the south-southwest of the slightly larger crater Stearns a much younger and less worn formation. Farther to the northwest of Steno is Appleton and to the east is Nušl.This is a worn crater formation that has a circular outer rim that remains relatively well-defined. The rim edge is marked only by a few tiny craterlets.
 Nine Barrow Down is an elongated hill forming the northern ridge of the Purbeck Hills on the Isle of Purbeck in Dorset England. The chalk down is part of the extensive Southern England Chalk Formation. The eastern end of the ridge which carries the highest point is also sometimes known as Godlingston Hill.
 Carl Side is a fell in the English Lake District forming a part of the Skiddaw family near the town of Keswick and prominently visible from its streets. It is listed in Alfred Wainwright's Pictorial Guides to the Lakeland Fells as one of the Northern Fells.
 The Marañón River (Spanish: Río Marañón IPA: [ˈri.o maɾaˈɲon]) is the principal or mainstem source of the Amazon River arising about 160 km to the northeast of Lima Peru and flowing through a deeply eroded Andean valley in a northwesterly direction along the eastern base of the Cordillera of the Andes as far as 5 degrees 36' southern latitude; from where it makes a great bend to the northeast and cuts through the jungle Andes until at the Pongo de Manseriche it flows into the flat Amazon basin. 
 The Parado River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Brandy Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 For other places called Bonny Lake or Bonney Lake see Lake Bonney disambiguation page.Bonny Lakes are two small shallow mountain ponds located in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of Northeastern Oregon United States. They are positioned in a large meadow on Aneroid Mountain known as Bonny Lakes basin which is about two miles east of Dollar Lake. Together they are listed as the 13th highest lake in the Eagle Cap Wilderness at 7840 ft (2390 m).
 Puntay Urqu (Quechua) is a mountain and an archaeological site in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Vilcas Huamán Province Carhuanca District. It lies between the villages Hanan Raymi (Rayme Alto) and Urpaypukyu (Urpaypuquio). Puntay Urqu is situated at a height of about 3267 metres (10719 ft). The place is also visited as a viewpoint.
 Zeilberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Plavățu River is a tributary of the Jgheab River in Romania.
 Carson Pass is a mountain pass on the crest of the Sierra Nevada that is traversed by State Route 88. It lies in Alpine County on the Great Basin Divide with the West Fork Carson River on the east and the South Fork American River on the west. The historic pass was a point on the Carson Trail during the California Gold Rush and was used for American Civil War shipping to California until the completion of the First Transcontinental Railroad.
 The Crevedia River is a tributary of the Colentina River in Romania.
 Snellius is a lunar crater located near the southeast limb of the Moon. The rim of Snellius is heavily worn and eroded with overlapping craterlets. The floor is somewhat irregular and uneven. The western rim marks the start of the Vallis Snellius one of the longest valleys on the Moon. It continues nearly 500 kilometers to the northwest to near the edge of Mare Nectaris. Its origin is most likely associated with the formation of the lunar mare.To the northeast is the large crater Petavius.
 Hohe Wurzel at 618 m is the highest peak in the Rheingau-Taunus-Kreis mountain range and the 2nd highest mountain near Wiesbaden Hesse Germany. A 133m reinforced concrete telecommunications tower is located on the peak which supplies the Rhine Main area and other locations with digital television service. DAB and UKW sound broadcasts also originate from this tower.In 1883 the Gustav Vietor Tower was built on the peak. It was last used for amateur radio purposes.
 Bacino di San Giacomo is a reservoir in the Province of Sondrio Lombardy Italy.
 The Ergolz is the main river in the canton of Basel-Landschaft Switzerland. It rises on Mount Geisflue in the Faltenjura mountains in the upper region of Basel-Landschaft on the border with Aargau and Solothurn and joins the Rhine at Augst. Among the tributaries of the Ergolz are Eibach Homburgerbach Diegterbach Frenke (Anterior and Posterior Frenke) Orisbach Röserenbach and Violenbach.
 Kang Guru is a mountain in the Manang region of Gandaki Zone. It the highest peak of the Larkya sub-range of the Nepalese Himalayas. The Larkya range lies northwest of Mansiri Himal (including Manaslu) and northeast of the Annapurnas.
 The Garça River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 Azul River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Sabine Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Located off northern Melville Island's Sabine Peninsula the bay is an arm of Hecla and Griper Bay. Eldridge Bay is to the north.
 The Paraíba do Sul Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈʁiu pɐɾɐˈibɐ du ˈsuw] or simply termed Paraíba is a river in the south-east of Brazil. It flows 1137 kilometres west to northeast from its farthest source at the source of the river Paraitinga to the sea near Campos dos Goytacazes. The river receives its name when it meets the river Paraibuna at the Paraibuna dam.Its main tributaries are the rivers Jaguari Buquira Paraibuna Preto Pomba and Muriaé.
 Ďumbier (2043 m or 6703 ft) is the highest mountain in the Low Tatra range in central Slovakia. Despite the remains of medieval mines (gold iron antimony) the massif is now protected as a part of the Low Tatras National Park.The easily accessible summit offers a scenic view of High Tatra Liptov and the valley of Hron. A chalet called Chata M. R. Štefánika is situated under the summit (1740 m).
 Tașaul is a lake in Northern Dobruja Romania.
 Mount Shari (斜里岳 shari-dake) is a quaternary stratovolcano and one of Japan's 100 famous mountains. Its summit is 1547 metres (5075 ft). The summit consists of Mount Shari Southern Mount Shari (南斜里岳 minamishari-dake) and the western ridge. It is located on the Hokkaidō's Shiretoko Peninsula on the border of Shari and Kiyosato in Shari District Abashiri and Shibetsu in Shibetsu District Nemuro.
 Canonto Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Reimarus is a lunar crater located in the southeastern part of the Moon's near side. The eroded southeastern end of the long Vallis Rheita (Rheita valley) passes just to the west. To the northeast is the larger and heavily worn crater Vega.This is a heavily worn and eroded crater with an outer rim that has been incised and battered by multiple lesser later impacts particularly in the western half.
 The Rezovo River (also Rezovska River Rezvaya and Rezve; Bulgarian: Резовска река Rezovska reka; Turkish: Mutludere) is a river in southeasternmost Bulgaria and northernmost (European) Turkey.112 km in length it takes its source from the Turkish part of the Strandzha mountains east of Kofçaz under the name of Paspalderesi.
 The Yangon River (also known as Rangoon River or Hlaing River) is formed by the confluence of the Pegu and Myitmaka rivers and is a marine estuary that runs from Yangon(also known as Rangoon) emptying into the Gulf of Martaban of the Andaman Sea. The channel is navigable by ocean-going vessels and thus plays a critical role in the economy of Burma.The Twante Canal connects the Yangon River with the Irrawaddy Delta or Ayeyarwady Delta once known as 'the rice bowl of Asia'.
 Longcanoe Lake is a narrow lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada about 15 kilometres (9 mi) north-east of the community of Rossport and 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of Highway 17. It is oriented in a north-south direction and is about 1100 metres (3609 ft) long and 250 metres (820 ft) at its widest at its north end. The lake is part of the Whitesand River system and flows out at its south end via this river into Hornblende Lake and eventually via the Hewitson River into Lake Superior.
 The Lanak La or Lanak Pass (la means pass in Tibetan and North Indian languages) is a mountain pass in Tibet Autonomous Region China. It is on the southeastern boundary of the Aksai Chin region that is controlled by China but disputed by India.India regards Lanak La as its boundary with China while China considers the Kongka Pass further west as the boundary.
 Passwang Pass (elevation 1204 m (3950 ft)) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.It connects the southern part of the canton of Solothurn via Mümliswil-Ramiswil (south of the pass) and Beinwil Solothurn (northern side) with the so-called Schwarzbubenland (officially Amtei Dorneck-Thierstein consisting of the canton of Solothurn districts Thierstein and Dorneck) north of the Passwang mountain chain and ultimately with the Laufen District in the canton of Basel-Landschaft.
 Primrose Lake is a large lake in Saskatchewan and Alberta Canada. The lake straddles the Alberta/Saskatchewan border with most of the water surface in Saskatchewan. It is close to the better known Cold Lake Alberta.Primrose Lake has a total area of 448 km2 (173 sq mi) with 444 km2 (171 sq mi) water area (of which 17.7 km2 (6.8 sq mi) in Alberta) and lies at an elevation of 559 m (1834 ft).
 Tofua Caldera in Tonga is the summit caldera of a steep-sided composite cone that forms Tofua Island. Tofua Island is in Tonga's Ha'apai island group. Pre-caldera activity is recorded by a sequence of pyroclastic deposits and lavas constituting the older cone followed on the northern part of the island by froth lavas or welded and unwelded ignimbrite.
 Röthelbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Dickinson Bay is an inlet of Galveston Bay in Texas United States within the Greater Houston metropolitan area. It is fed by Dickinson Bayou and the community of San Leon sits on a peninsula to its north.
 The Budușelu River is a tributary of the Budac River in Romania.
 The Mohan River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 Calling Lake is a large lake in north-central Alberta Canada.It has a total area of 134 km2 (52 sq mi) and is located in a large bend of the Athabasca River 60 km north of the town of Athabasca on Highway 813.
 The Lircay River is a river of Chile.
 Põltsamaa River is the 3rd longest river in Estonia. It flows through Põltsamaa Parish and the centre of Põltsamaa town on the north-east side of Põltsamaa Castle.
 North Fork Fryingpan River is a tributary of the Fryingpan River in Pitkin and Eagle counties in Colorado. The stream flows west from a source in the White River National Forest through Savage Lakes to a confluence with the Fryingpan River.
 Kinnerly Peak (9949 feet / 3032 metres) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. It is approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Kintla Peak the highest peak in the Livingston Range and 3 miles (4.8 km) south of the Canadian border. Both peaks are in the remote northwest corner of the park. Kinnerly Peak is the eighth tallest peak in Glacier National Park.Kinnerly Peak is notable for its huge north face which rises steeply from Upper Kintla Lake.
 Rogen (Southern Sami: Rovje) is a lake situated mainly in Härjedalen Sweden with a small portion crossing the Norwegian border. It is the source of Sweden's longest river Klarälven.In Norway Rogen lies inside Femundsmarka National Park in the municipality of Engerdal in Hedmark county and also in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county. The lakes Nedre Roasten and Femunden lie just to the west of Rogen.
 The Amara River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Ruginilor is a tributary of the Domesnic River in Romania.
 Mount Juliet is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 20 km (12 mi) southwest of Sayward and 3 km (2 mi) east of Mount Romeo.
 The Pai River (Thai: แม่น้ำปาย RTGS: Maenam Pai Thai pronunciation: [mɛ̂ːnáːm paːj]) originates in the mountains of the Daen Lao Range Pai District Mae Hong Son Province Thailand. The river flows first in a N/S direction and then in an E/W direction down to Mueang Mae Hong Son District and across the Thai/Burmese border. The river tributes the Salween River in Kayah State Burma. It is 180 km long. The Pai river is popular for whitewater rafting and offers several options.
 The Bazna River is a tributary of the Tătârlaua River in Romania.
 Mount Warburton Pike is a mountain on Saturna Island in the Gulf Islands of British Columbia Canada. It is the highest summit in the Gulf Islands other than Saltspring Island and is part of the Gulf Islands National Park Reserve.
 Lake Wallenpaupack (41°24′47″N 75°14′25″W) is a reservoir in Pennsylvania USA. It was created in 1926 by PPL the Pennsylvania Power & Light Company for hydroelectric purposes. It is located near Hawley on the border of Pike and Wayne counties in northeastern Pennsylvania.
 Tuusjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the region Southern Savonia in Finland.
 The Skellefte River (Swedish: Skellefteälven or Skellefte älv) is a river in northern Sweden; one of the major Norrland rivers..
 Hardys Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Trio Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 11 km (7 mi) north of Gold River and 15 km (9 mi) southwest of Crown Mountain.
 Lõõdla is a lake of Estonia.
 Kiteenjärvi is a medium-sized lake in North Karelia region in Finland.
 Alameda Grotto is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Siedentopf is a worn impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the east-southeast of the larger crater Vernadskiy. Farther to the south is Hoffmeister.The northwestern section of the crater rim has been damaged but the remainder of the rim is only moderately worn. The satellite crater Siedentopf Q intrudes into the rim along the southwestern side and the rampart of this impact covers a portion of the interior floor of Siedentopf.
 The Blauen or Hochblauen is a 1165 metre high mountain in the southern Black Forest. The peak lies within the municipalities of Schliengen and Malsburg-Marzell in Landkreis Lörrach and the community of Badenweiler in LandkreisBreisgau-Hochschwarzwald. It is an ideal viewpoint with views of the Black Forest Vosges Jura Mountains and the Alps.Variation A of the Westweg a long distance trail maintained by the Schwarzwaldverein leads over the Blauen.
 The Nogat is a 62 km long delta branch of the Vistula River and does not empty at Gdańsk Bay as the main river does.The Nogat has its origin near the city of Biała Góra as an anabranch of the Vistula River. Shortly after the river Liwa flows into the Nogat. Than the river passes Malbork and winds NE towards Elbląg (but does not reach the city). NW of Elbląg the Nogat flows into the SW part of the Vistula Lagoon.Historically the Nogat River divides East Prussia and West Prussia.
 The Poplar River is a river in northeastern Minnesota that drains into Lake Superior.
 Vembanad (Vembanad Kayal or Vembanad Kol) is the longest lake in India and the largest lake in the state of Kerala. It is also counted as one of the largest lakes in India. A lake spanning several districts in the state of Kerala it is known by different names in different localities viz. Punnamada Lake in Kuttanad Kochi Lake in Kochi. The Port of Kochi is located around two islands (the Willingdon Island and Vallarpadam) in a portion of this lake known as the Kochi Lake.
 Bolshoy Ashap (Russian: Большой Ашап) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Iren River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 39 km. Main tributaries: Bolshaya Rassokha River (right).
 La Pérouse is a lunar impact crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon. It lies northwest of the larger crater Ansgarius and to the east of Kapteyn. This crater appears foreshortened due to its location but the rim is nearly circular when viewed from orbit.The rim of La Pérouse is not significantly worn by subsequent impacts and its features are well-defined. Terraces line much of the inner wall and there is a small outer rampart.
 Delvenau is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Rohrhaldenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Naonobu is a small lunar impact crater named after Japanese mathematician Ajima Naonobu. It is located on the eastern Mare Fecunditatis to the northwest of the prominent crater Langrenus and it forms a triple-crater formation with the adjacent Atwood to the south and Bilharz just to the southwest. Naonobu and Atwood are separated by only a few kilometres.The interior of this crater has been flooded with basaltic lava leaving a relatively flat interior and a reduced outer rim.
 Brûlé Lake is a lake in western Alberta Canada.
 Monte Ceneri Pass is a mountain pass in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland. It connects the Magadino plain and the Vedeggio valley across the Lugano Prealps at an altitude of 554 metres (1818 ft) above sea level. In so doing it provides the most direct route between the cities of Bellinzona and Lugano.Two tunnels have been dug under the Monte Ceneri a road tunnel for the A2 motorway and a railway tunnel for the Gotthard railway.
 The Valea Caldă Mare River is a tributary of the Valea Racilor River in Romania.
 Vesper Peak is a peak along the Mountain Loop Highway region of the North Cascades of Washington state. It is about 18 miles (29 km) south of Darrington and 21 miles (34 km) east of Granite Falls in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest. Its gentle south and east slopes contrast with a sheer north face which offers excellent technical routes.
 The Bumbungan River (Tagalog: Ilog Bumbungan) is a river in the province of Laguna in the Philippines. It is commonly referred to as the Pagsanjan River because of the popularity of Pagsanjan town and Pagsanjan Falls the province's most popular destination. The official website of Pagsanjan town and the people of Cavinti refers to the river as Bumbungan River.
 MacArthurs Lake is a lake of Inverness County in north-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Sas River is a tributary of the Bouleț River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters La Fântâna Omului and Comori
 For the stream in West Virginia see Wheeling Creek (West Virginia).Wheeling Creek is a tributary of the Ohio River 30.2 miles (48.6 km) long in eastern Ohio in the United States. Via the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 108 square miles (280 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 The Do Engano River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Wasa Lake is a lake in British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 1.1473 km². It is 37.5 km north of Cranbrook. Wasa Lake Provincial Park with an area of 1.44 km² sits at the northern end of the lake. It was named in 1902 after the city Vaasa in Finland.
 Hohe Kanzel is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Bulrush Lake is a small lake on the Aupouri Peninsula in the Northland Region of New Zealand. It has a wetland area at its southwest end but no outlet.
 The Truckee River (Washo: dabayóduweʔ) is a stream in the U.S. states of California and Nevada. The river flows northeasterly and is 121 miles (195 km) long. The Truckee is the sole outlet of Lake Tahoe and drains part of the high Sierra Nevada emptying into Pyramid Lake in the Great Basin. Its waters are an important source of irrigation along its valley and adjacent valleys.
 The Port of Indiana-Burns Harbor is an industrial area founded in 1965 and located on the Lake Michigan shore of Indiana at the intersection of U.S. Highway 12 and Indiana 249. The primary work done in the area is the manufacturing of steel and the port area is dominated by steel mills. The port is divided between the municipalities of Burns Harbor and Portage.
 The Căprioara River is a tributary of the Priboiașa River in Romania.
 Wedgemount Lake is a turquoise-coloured alpine lake in British Columbia Canada located below Wedge Mountain.
 Diamond Peak is a shield volcano in southwest Oregon and is part of the Cascade Range. The mountain is located near Willamette Pass in the Diamond Peak Wilderness within the Willamette National Forest.Composed of 15 cubic kilometres (3.6 cu mi) of basaltic andesite the volcano is older than the last ice age but probably younger than 100000 years. It first began erupting from its northern summit and then from a new vent a little to the south which is now the primary peak.
 Zimmerbach (Starzel) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Gogol is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 87 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Gogol is named for the Russian playwright Nikolai Gogol who lived from 1809 to 1852.
 Vista Glacier is located on north slopes of Glacier Peak in the U.S. state of Washington. As is true with all the glaciers found on Glacier Peak Vista Glacier is retreating. During the Little Ice Age Vista Glacier extended down to an altitude of 4412 ft (1345 m) and was connected to Ermine Glacier to its east. From the end of the Little Ice Age to the mid-1950s Vista Glacier experienced a general retreat upslope followed by an advance during a cooler and wetter period until the mid-1970s.
 The Ful Berg is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located east of Chur in the canton of Graubünden. It lies at the western end of the chain separating the valleys of Prättigau and Schanfigg just east of the Rhine.
 The Herepeia River ( Hungarian: Herepe-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Lučina (Polish: Łucyna or Łuczyna) is a river in Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. It is the tributary of the Ostravice River to which it enters in Ostrava. It originates in Beskids and then flows northwestward through Horní Bludovice and Dolní Bludovice near Havířov. Žermanice Dam is built on the river.
 The Alouette River is a tributary of the Pitt River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.The Alouette River was known as the Lillooet River until 1914 at which time its name was changed to avoid confusion with the much larger Lillooet River. The name Alouette French for lark was obstentially chosen because it sounds similar to Lillooet.
 The Redwood River is a tributary of the Minnesota River 127 miles (205 km) long in southwestern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Minnesota River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 705 square miles (1826 km²) in an agricultural region. The river's name is believed to refer to the reddish bark of dogwood growing along streams in the region.
 The Drăchicova River is a tributary of the Gubandru River in Romania.
 The Almada River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Struna River is a tributary of the Clăbuceasa River in Romania.
 The Bahluieț River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 Yanaqucha (Quechua yana black very dark qucha lake black lake hispanicized spelling Yanacocha) is a lake in the Andes of Peru located in the Huánuco Region Huamalíes Province Llata District. It is situated southeast of the lake Saqraqucha at the foot of the mountain Warmi Wañusqa (Huarmihuañusqa).
 The Valea Ulmului River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Wocker is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Captina Creek is a semi-large creek located in southeastern Ohio. Captina Creek is an important creek to the region and home to about 56 species of fish.
 Pöyrysjärvi is a lake surrounded by the open bog on the border are of the town of Orimattila and municipality of Myrskylä. It is classied as a precious natural reserve in Päijänne Tavastia county. Apart from that the city of Orimattila classifies it as an important object for teaching of marsh types and its fauna.The other lakes connected to the Myrskylänjoki watershed are Isojärvi Vähäjärvi Muttilanjärvi Siippo Sopajärvi Kirkkojärvi ja Sulkavanjärvi.
 Rio Verde (Portuguese for green river) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Studleys Pond known locally as Reed's Pond is a 29-acre (120000 m2) pond in Rockland Massachusetts. The pond is located south of Rockland Center on Route 123 0.1-mile (0.16 km) west of Route 139. The French Stream flows through the pond. Gideon's Island named after Gideon Studley lies in the southern portion of the pond. Thomas V. Mahon Park a park which is owned by the Town of Rockland and is accessible from Route 123 lies along the southern shore of the pond.
 Turnu Roşu Pass (Romanian: Pasul Turnu Roşu Hungarian: Vöröstoronyi-szoros German: Roter-Turm-Pass) is a mountain pass in the Romanian Carpathians connecting Vâlcea county (Wallachia) and Sibiu county (Transylvania). It is formed by the Olt River flowing southwards from Transylvania to Wallachia through the Southern Carpathians.
 The Fântâneaua Rece River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 The Leșnița River is a tributary of the Horoaba River in Romania.
 The Pintic River is a tributary of the Dipșa River in Romania.
 Moel Lefn is a summit in Snowdonia. It is a subsidiary peak of Moel Hebog and a sister peak of Moel yr Ogof. Its summit marks the end of the Hebog ridge.The Beddgelert Forest lies directly to the east while Cwm Pennant lies to the west. Good views of the Nantlle ridge are obsereved. There are two tall upright stone cairns on the eastern side of the mountain.
 The Valea Stanciului River is one of the headwaters forming the Săcuieu River in Romania.
 The Misentea River is a tributary of the Râul Fânețelor in Romania.
 Eschbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Świerznica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Mogilica.
 House Creek is a 12.3-mile-long (19.8 km) stream in the mountains of western Sonoma County California which empties into the Wheatfield Fork Gualala River.
 Martin Mere is a mere near Burscough in Lancashire England on the West Lancashire Coastal Plain. The mere is a vast marsh around grid reference SD 41 15 that until it was drained was the largest body of fresh water in England.
 The White River is a small and discontinuous 138-mile-long (222 km) river located in southeastern Nevada notable for several endemic species of fish.
 The Izvorul Negovanului River is a headwater of the Sădurel River in Romania.
 Saddle Mountain is the tallest mountain in Clatsop County in the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of the Oregon Coast Range Saddle Mountain is in Saddle Mountain State Natural Area in the northwest corner of Oregon. The peak is listed on Oregon’s Register of Natural Heritage Resources.
 The River Hamps is a river in Staffordshire England. It is tributary of the River Manifold which itself flows into the River Dove near Ilam. For its entire length the river flows through the Peak District National Park.
 Umurata is a mountain in the Andes about 5717 m (18757 ft) high situated in the Cordillera Occidental on the border of Bolivia and Chile. It is located in the Arica and Parinacota Region of Chile and in the Oruro Department of Bolivia in the Sajama Province Turku Municipality Chachakumani Canton south of the Uqi Uqini volcano and Sura K'uchu north of the Acotango and north east of the Wallatiri volcano. Umurata lies south of National Route 4 near the Chungara-Tambo Quemado pass.
 Wolfsbach (Seemenbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Makalu (in Nepal officially मकालु in China officially Makaru; Chinese: 马卡鲁山 Pinyin: Mǎkǎlǔ Shān; Makalungma in Limbu) is the fifth highest mountain in the world at 8463 metres (27766 ft). It is located in the Mahalangur Himalayas 19 km (12 mi) southeast of Mount Everest on the border between Nepal and China. One of the eight-thousanders Makalu is an isolated peak whose shape is a four-sided pyramid.Makalu has two notable subsidiary peaks.
 Mount Richmond (also Ōtāhuhu) is one of the volcanoes of the Auckland Volcanic Field. A group of scoria mounds up to 50 m high it has two 50 m wide craters. It was the site of a pā and retains some Māori earthworks from that time such as kumara pits and terracing.
 The Ața River is a tributary of the Tarcău River in Romania.
 Gramos (Albanian: Gramoz Mali i Gramozit; Aromanian: Gramosta Gramusta; Greek: Γράμος or Γράμμος) is a mountain range on the border of Albania and Greece. The Gramos is part of the northern Pindus mountain range. Its highest peak at the border of Albania and Greece is 2520 m (8268 ft). The region is inhabited by Albanians Aromanians and Greeks.[citation needed]
 Not to be confused with Pen Twyn Glas in the Black Mountains.Mynydd Twyn-glas is a sprawling 472-metre-high hill extending into Caerphilly and Torfaen county boroughs in South Wales. It lies southwest of Pontypool west of Cwmbran and east of Newbridge and taking the form of a rolling plateau the margins of which are defined by steep slopes many of which are cloaked with conifer plantations.
 Claife Heights is a Marilyn in the Lake District near to Windermere in Cumbria England. It is the subject of a chapter of Wainwright's book The Outlying Fells of Lakeland. He describes a clockwise circuit starting at Far Sawrey and passing Moss Eccles Tarn. He says Claife Heights is delightful. It was more so before forestry curtailed walking and restricted the views. and describes it as No definite summit. Highest parts about 900ft.
 The Mahurangi River is a tidal estuary in northern New Zealand that widens into the Mahurangi Harbour before opening into the outer Hauraki Gulf. The Mahurangi Harbour is accessible by all craft and is a sheltered anchorage in all weathers with many small bays and islands. The river itself is extremely tidal and ranges in depth from below approximately 50 cm (MLW) at the channel entrance to approximately 150 cm (MLW) further up stream.
 The Hașca River is a tributary of the Căprioru in Romania. The Petru Vodă Monastery erected in 1992 and dedicated to the victims of Communism is located on a meadow at the confluence of the Hașca River and its tributary the Hășcuța River.
 The Juruazinho River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Indiaroba River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Cook Inlet stretches 180 miles (290 km) from the Gulf of Alaska to Anchorage in south-central Alaska. Cook Inlet branches into the Knik Arm and Turnagain Arm at its northern end almost surrounding Anchorage.The watershed covers about 100000 km² of southern Alaska east of the Aleutian Range and south of the Alaska Range receiving water from its tributaries the Knik River the Little Susitna River and the Susitna and Matanuska rivers.
 The Pitt River in British Columbia Canada is a large tributary of the Fraser River entering it a few miles upstream from New Westminster and about 25 km ESE of Downtown Vancouver. The river which begins in the Garibaldi Ranges of the Coast Mountains is in two sections above and below Pitt Lake and flows on a generally southernly course.
 The River Torne is a river in the north of England which flows through the counties of South Yorkshire and North Lincolnshire. It rises at the Upper Lake at Sandbeck Hall in Maltby in South Yorkshire and empties into the River Trent at Keadby pumping station. Much of the channel is engineered as it plays a significant role in the drainage of Hatfield Chase which it crosses.
 Kuusvesi is a medium-sized lake of Central Finland in Laukaa municipality. It belongs to the Kymijoki main catchment area. The inflow to the lake Kuusvesi is Simunankoski rapids and the outflow is Tarvaalanvirta rapids which are protected by the rapid protection program of Finland.
 Jacque Peak elevation 13211 ft (4027 m) is a summit in the Gore Range of central Colorado. The peak is in the White River National Forest southwest of Copper Mountain in Summit County.
 The Nirajul Mic River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania joining the Niraj River near the city of Miercurea Nirajului.It should not be confused with the Nirajul Mic River having the same name a headwater of the Niraj River which it joins in the village of Câmpu Cetăţii.
 Monaco Bank is a submarine volcano in the Azores which last erupted in 1911.
 The Arabah (Hebrew: הָעֲרָבָה HaAravah lit. desolate and dry area; Arabic: وادي عربة‎ Wādī ʻAraba) known in Hebrew as Aravah is a section of the Jordan Rift Valley running in a north-south orientation between the southern end of the Sea of Galilee (as the Jordan river valley) down to the Dead Sea and continuing further south where it ends at the Gulf of Aqaba. It includes most of the border between Israel to the west and Jordan to the east.
 The Hünersedel is a mountain located in the middle of the Black Forest Germany near the Schuttertal and the town of Freiamt. The mountain is 744 metres high and the source of the river Schutter.The viewing tower on its top is 29 metres high and was erected in 2004.
 The English River is a tributary of the Iowa River in southeastern Iowa in the United States. The main stem of the river is 37.4 miles (60.2 km) long. Including its longest headwaters tributary the North English River the total length increases to 89.2 miles (143.6 km). Via the Iowa River it is part of the Mississippi River watershed. The Deep River is a minor tributary of the English River.
 The Chalumna River (Xhosa: Tyolomnqa) is a river in the Eastern Cape South Africa. It is approximately 78 km long forming at the confluence of two small rivers the Qugwala in the West and the Mtyolo in the East. It empties into the Indian Ocean though an estuary near Kayser's Beach. Its catchment area of 441 km² makes it one of the smallest river basins on South Africa's eastern coast.
 The Telejenel River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as the Valea Stânei River.
 The Rosenhorn (3689 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located east of Grindelwald in the Bernese Oberland. It is lowest of the three peaks composing the Wetterhorn massif.The mountain is entirely surrounded by glaciers: the Rosenlaui Glacier on the north side the Upper Grindelwald Glacier on the south side and the Gauli Glacier on the east side.
 Korssjøen is a lake in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of the lake Rambergsjøen and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) west of Flensjøen.
 Lake Success is a lake near Porterville California on the Tule River at 36.06°N 118.92°W﻿ / 36.06; -118.92. It is formed by Success Dam and has a capacity of 82000 acre feet (101000000 m3). The 156 feet (48 m) tall earth dam is owned and operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Its construction was completed in 1961. The project's primary purpose is flood control but the lake also provides water for irrigation and recreation.
 Hagues Peak elevation 13571 ft (4136 m) is the highest summit of the Mummy Range of Rocky Mountain National Park in northern Colorado.
 Rõuge Liinjärv is a lake in Voru County in the southeast of Estonia close to the border with Latvia.
 The Lupul River or Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania.
 Lichtenau is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Beaverdam Creek is a Pennsylvania stream near Hunterstown northeast of Gettysburg Pennsylvania. The creek's intersection with the road leading to the Gettysburg Railroad's Granite station was the site of the Battle of Hunterstown on July 2 1863.
 The Mangatewainui River is a river of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island. An upper tributary of the Manawatu River it flows generally southeast from its sources in the Ruahine Range northwest of Norsewood and meets the young Manawatu River eight kilometres east of Dannevirke. The Mangatewainui River should not be confused with its northern neighbour the Mangatewai River.
 The Vermilion River (or the Bayou Vermilion) is a 70.0-mile-long (112.7 km) river in southern Louisiana in the United States. It is formed on the common boundary of Lafayette and St. Martin parishes by a confluence of small bayous flowing from St. Landry Parish and flows generally southward through Lafayette and Vermilion parishes past the cities of Lafayette and Abbeville.
 The Augstbordhorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking Stalden in the canton of Valais. Several trails lead to its summit.
 Sorbitz is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Loch Insh is a loch in Highlands region Scotland.It is situated in the heart of Badenoch and Strathspey seven miles south of Aviemore and seven miles north of Kingussie. The loch is a location for sailing and kayaking/canoeing. There is a well stocked watersports centre on the southeast side of the loch and good fishing also. The watersports centre is complemented by several Chalets and a small hotel by the name of Insh Hall.
 Gaping Gill (also known as Gaping Ghyll) is a natural cave in North Yorkshire England. It is one of the unmistakable landmarks on the southern slopes of Ingleborough – a 98-metre (322 ft) deep pothole with the stream Fell Beck flowing into it.
 The Cârpănoasa River is a tributary of the Mălaia river in Romania.
 Col du Télégraphe is a mountain pass in the French Alps situated above the Maurienne valley between the eastern end of the massif d'Arvan-Villards and the massif des Cerces.The pass links Saint-Michel-de-Maurienne to the north and Valloire to the south as well as forming an access point to the col du Galibier via its north face.The route is often used during the ascent to Col du Galibier in the Tour de France and is thus popular with cyclists.
 The Rüchigrat (2657 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located west of Luchsingen in the canton of Glarus. It lies south of the Glärnisch on the range between the valley of the Klöntalersee and the main Linth valley.The Rüchigrat consists of a two kilometres long ridge which culminates at the summit named Bösbächistock.
 Dalgibong is a mountain in the county of Jeongseon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1028 m (3373 ft).
 Fjellvatnet is a lake that is located in the municipalities of Bindal and Brønnøy in Nordland county Norway. It flows out through a channel on the southwestern side of the lake and flows into the neighboring lake Eidevatnet.
 The Spiegelkogel is a mountain in the Schnalskamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Col du Galibier (el. 2645 metres (8678 ft)) is a mountain pass in the southern region of the French Dauphiné Alps near Grenoble. It is the ninth highest paved road in the Alps and the sixth highest mountain pass. It is often the highest point of the Tour de France.It connects Saint-Michel-de-Maurienne and Briançon via the col du Télégraphe and the Col du Lautaret. The pass is closed during the winter.
 Vysoký kámen is the name of at least nine hills in Slovakia and the Czech Republic they are distinguished by their height.
 Mount Amida is a 837 metre high mountain in Saeki-ku Hiroshima Japan.
 Seltenbach (Neckar) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Râul Crucii is a tributary of the Crișul Pietros River in Romania.
 The Domoșița River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 East Fork San Juan River is a tributary of the San Juan River in southern Colorado in the United States. The stream flows from the confluence of Crater Creek and Elwood Creek in Mineral County to a confluence with the West Fork San Juan River in Archuleta County that forms the San Juan River.
 Carnedd Llewelyn usually spelt Carnedd Llywelyn in Welsh is a mountain massif in the Carneddau range in Snowdonia north-west Wales. It is the highest point of the Carneddau and the second highest peak by relative height in Wales (49th in the British Isles) and lies on the border between Gwynedd and Conwy.
 Bear Peak elevation 8455 feet (2577 m) is a summit in the Front Range of central Colorado. The peak is located in Boulder County a few miles Southwest of Boulder Colorado.
 Haselbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Broken Top is an extinct glacially eroded stratovolcano in Oregon part of the extensive Cascade Range. Located southeast of the Three Sisters peaks the volcano residing within the Three Sisters Wilderness is 20 miles (32 km) west of Bend Oregon in Deschutes County. Eruptive activity stopped roughly 100000 years ago and currently erosion by glaciers has reduced the volcano's cone to where its contents are exposed. Bend and Crook Glaciers are the two named glaciers on the peak.
 The Otoro River is a river in Honduras.
 The Fishdam River is a 21.5-mile-long (34.6 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Big Bay de Noc on Lake Michigan.
 Lago di Recentino is a lake in the Province of Terni Umbria Italy.
 Lac de Géronde is a lake at Sierre Valais Switzerland. Besides the main lake there is a petit lac close by.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Rak is a creek in Inner Carniola a traditional region of southeastern Slovenia. It sources in Zelše Caves (Zelške jame) to the west of the village of Zelše flows across the Rakov Škocjan karst valley for 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) and enters Weaver's Cave (Slovene: Tkalca jama) where it continues for 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) and merges in Planina Cave (Planinska jama) above 300 metres (980 ft) from its entrance with the Pivka River to form the Unica.
 Kritzower See is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 60 m its surface area is 0.63 km².
 The Chamelecón River is a river in Honduras.
 The Budun River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Turbio River Mexico is a river of Mexico.
 The Șandru River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Apuan Alps (Italian: Alpi Apuane) are a mountain range in northern Tuscany Italy part of the Apennine Mountains. They are included between the valleys of the Serchio and Magra rivers and to north-west the Garfagnana and Lunigiana. The name derives from that of the Apuani Ligures tribe who lived here in ancient times.
 Wilaquta or Wila Quta (Aymara wila red / blood quta lake red lake hispanicized spelling Vilacota) is a lake in the Tacna Region of Peru. It is located in the Tarata Province Susapaya District along the border with the Santa Rosa District of the El Collao Province of the Puno Region.The volcano Yukamani lies west of lake. East of Wilaquta there is a smaller lake named Janq'u Quta (Aymara for white lake hispanicized Ancocota). The lakes are connected by a little river.
 The Crooked River (Michigan) is a river in Emmet and Cheboygan counties in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is short stream 5.6 miles (9.0 km) long flowing northeast from Crooked Lake at 45°25′58″N 84°47′19″W near Alanson into Burt Lake at 45°28′14″N 84°43′38″W. It forms part of the Inland Waterway of Michigan.
 The Aguapey River (Spanish Río Aguapey) is a river of Argentina. It is a tributary of the Uruguay River.
 The Râioasa River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 The Pilișca River is a tributary of the Recoltiaș River in Romania.
 Lake Stratos (Greek: Λίμνη Στράτου) is an artificial lake near Stratos in Aetolia-Acarnania western Greece. The lake is fed and drained by the river Acheloos. It was formed by the Stratos Dam completed in 1989. Its maximum capacity is 80000000 m³ of water. Its area is 7.4 km2. It is used for the generation of hydroelectric power.
 The Santa Lucía River (Spanish Río Santa Lucía) is a river of Corrientes Province Argentina. It is a tributary of the Paraná River.
 Flachsbach is a rivulet in the German village of Büsbach. It is a tributary to the river Inde.The Flachsbach flowing through the south of Büsbach has its source in the pasture between the villages Büsbach and Breinig. Pottery findings dated 900 AD proved that there had been in a settlement in the surroundings of the rivulet.
 Lake Monroe is one of the lakes that make up the St. Johns River system. The port city of Sanford is situated along the southern shore while DeBary and Deltona are located along the northern shore. Two major central Florida roadways that run near the lake are State Road 415 and Interstate 4. It forms the border of Seminole County and Volusia County It is the 8th largest lake in the Orlando metropolitan area after Lake Jesup 7 miles (11 km) to the south.
 The Kafue River is a major tributary of the Zambezi and of Zambia's principal rivers it is the most central and the most urban and the longest and largest lying wholly within Zambia.
 The Tambopata River in the Madre de Dios Region flows from the eastern slope of the Andes along the border of the Puno Region to the Madre de Dios River at the capital city of Puerto Maldonado. The river flows through the Tambopata National Reserve.
 The Correntes River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Vârnava River is a tributary of the Călui River in Romania.
 The Valea Albescului River is a tributary of the Valea Caselor river in Romania.
 Mount Kukak is an almost completely ice-covered stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula of Alaska United States. Although the last eruption from Mount Kukak is unknown it displays vigorous fumarolic activity.
 Hohe Möhr is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Río Anton Ruiz is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
 The Pungapunga River is a river of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows predominantly southwest from the southeastern foothills of the Hahungaroa Range reaching the Whanganui River five kilometres east of Taumarunui.
 Lago di Mognola is a lake above Fusio in the canton of Ticino Switzerland. It is located at an elevation of 2003 m.
 The Tansa River is a small river near Mumbai India and is one of Mumbai's water sources via Tansa Lake. It is embanked by one of the largest masonry dams in the world built in 1892. The embankment is nearly 2 miles long 118 ft (36 m) high and 30 metres thick at the base. The dam has 1.31 cubic kilometres capacity of water retention. The dam has about 38 spillway gates. This article incorporates text from a publication now in the public domain:
 The Little Beaver Creek is a wild and scenic area in Ohio. The Little Beaver Creek watershed is located primarily in Columbiana County in northeast Ohio and in portions of Carroll County Mahoning County and western Pennsylvania draining approximately 605 mi² (1567 km²) of which 503 mi² (1303 km²) are in Ohio. The watershed in total size covers an area of approximately 510 square miles with about 80% of this being situated in Ohio.
 Mt Matavanu is an active volcano on the island of Savai'i in Samoa.The most recent eruptions from Matavanu occurred between 1905 - 1911 with lava flows on its northern side flowing towards the island's coastline and into the sea in the district of Gaga'emauga. The eruptions began 4 August 1905 and stopped in November 1911.
 The Westerberg also called the Westerather Berg is at 187.6 m above sea level the highest elevation in the Baumberge hills and the German region of Münsterland. It is located in this small range of hills between the three villages of Billerbeck Havixbeck and Nottuln.
 The Pointe de Bellevue is a mountain in the Chablais Alps overlooking Monthey in Valais. It is located in the northern foothills which are separated from the Dents du Midi by the Val d'Illiez and Pas de Morgins
 Northkill Creek is a stream primarily located in Berks County Pennsylvania. It feeds into Tulpehocken Creek and covers part of the Schuylkill River and Delaware River watersheds. Northkill Creek and its tributaries are high quality trout streams.
 The Macatawa River also known as the Black River is located in the lower part of Ottawa County Michigan which drains into Lake Macatawa and eventually into Lake Michigan. The main stream is 16.8 miles (27.0 km) long.The name Macatawa is a mis-phoneticization of the Native American Muck-i-ta-wog-go-me which means black water.
 Mount Meakan (雌阿寒岳 Meakan-dake) is an active stratovolcano located in Akan National Park in Hokkaidō Japan. It is the tallest mountain in the Akan Volcanic Complex.The volcano consists of nine overlapping cones that grew out of the Akan caldera on the shores of Lake Akan. Mount Meakan has a triple crater at its summit. According to its name and local legend Mount Meakan is the female counterpart to Mount Oakan on the other side of Lake Akan.
 De syv søstre (The Seven Sisters) is a mountain range on the island of Alsten in Norway.The seven peaks are (northeast to southwest): Botnkrona (1072 m) Grytfoten (1019 m) Skjæringen (1037 m) Tvillingene (the twins) (945 m and 980 m) Kvasstinden (1010 m) Breitinden (910 m)The range is popular with hikers and offers scenic views over the surrounding area.
 The Heusden Canal is a canal on the border of the Dutch provinces North Brabant and Gelderland roughly between Wijk en Aalburg and Heusden. The canal connects the Afgedamde Maas and Bergsche Maas and has a total length of approximately 2.3 km.On the Bergsche Maas end there is a lock named the Kromme Nolkering and also the only bridge across the canal; it is part of the N831.Creation of the canal was required under the Maasmondwet (Maas Mouth Act) of 26 January 26 1883.
 The Râul Satului is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 The Partridge River is a 37.0-mile-long (59.5 km) tributary of the Saint Louis River in northern Minnesota United States. It rises south of the city of Babbitt and takes a winding course primarily to the southwest passing north of the city of Hoyt Lakes and joining the St. Louis River south of Aurora.
 Bayano Lake is a reservoir in the eastern part of Panamá Province Panama created when the Bayano River was dammed in 1976. In terms of surface area Lake Bayano is second largest lake in Panama exceeded only by Lake Gatun.The lake and river are named after Bayano the leader of largest slave revolt of 16th century Panama. The Bayano Caves are on the south side of the lake.
 The Guaba River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Mount Adams is a mountain in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island. The summit is roughly 19 km south of Harihari and reaches 2208 metres (7244 ft) in height.Mount Adams lies to the west of the main divide of the Southern Alps and drains into the Whataroa and Poerua catchments. Both of these rivers flow westwards to the Tasman Sea.
 The Yellow River is a 118-mile-long (190 km) river in the southern United States which runs through Alabama and Florida. It empties into Blackwater Bay an arm of Pensacola Bay.
 The Spangler Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert in northwestern San Bernardino County California.They are east of Ridgecrest and west of the Panamint Range in an area managed by the Bureau of Land Management.
 Punta del Curull is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1021 metres above sea level. It is the highest point of Serra de la Llena.
 Karijärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the municipality of Kouvola in region of Kymenlaakso. In the north-eastern shore of the lake there is an area of Uutelanvuori rock paintings.
 Jabal Buta is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Última Esperanza Sound (Spanish: Seno Última Esperanza ‘Last Hope Sound’) is an inlet stretching from the mouth of Eberhard Fjord to the outskirts of Monte Balmaceda within the Magallanes Basin. The navigator Juan Ladrillero named it so in 1557 because he felt it was this direction was his last chance to reach the Strait of Magellan. However he would reach a dead end at a glacier.This inlet has the characteristics of a tidewater river and drains an extensive basin.
 Signal Mountain is an isolated summit standing 7720 feet (2350 m) above sea level. The mountain is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The next closest higher summit is more than 10 miles (16 km) distant and this isolation provides sweeping views of the Teton Range much of the northern Jackson Hole area as well as the Snake River. Though located adjacent to the Tetons Signal Mountain was not formed in the same manner or period.
 Hohenhager Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 East Fork Rio Chama is a tributary of the Rio Chama in southern Colorado. The stream flows south from Dipping Lakes near the continental divide in Conejos County Colorado to a confluence with the West Fork Rio Chama in Archuleta County Colorado that forms the Rio Chama.
 Mangde Chhu or Tongsa river flows in central Bhutan traversing roughly north-south. The river rises in Wangdue Phodrang district (or dzongkhag in Dzongkha) near Gangkhar Puensum (Bhutan's highest peak at 7546 m). Bhutan's main east-west highway crosses the Mangde Chhu approximately 8 km west of Trongsa. South of Trongsa the river drains the eastern slopes of the Black Mountains (Bhutan) and forms the eastern boundaries of Black Mountain National Park and Royal Manas National Park.
 Green Valley Creek is a 10.7-mile-long (17.2 km) stream in Sonoma County California U.S.A. which springs from the hills above the Bohemian Grove and is a tributary of the Russian River.
 The West Twin River is an 18.5-mile-long (29.8 km) river in east-central Wisconsin that is a tributary to Lake Michigan. It merges with the East Twin River in the city of Two Rivers Wisconsin less than a mile from the lakeshore. The source of the river is in southeast Brown County near Richard J. Drum Memorial Forest. It is formed by the confluence of the Devils River and the Neshota River.
 The Rapid River is a 35.9-mile-long (57.8 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. It rises in southeast Marquette County and flows into Little Bay de Noc on Lake Michigan near the community of Rapid River.
 Charlotte Lake (also known as Charlotta Lake or Rhoda Lake) is a lake in the Sierra Nevada located in Kings Canyon National Park eastern Fresno County California. The lake is located on the John Muir Trail at an elevation of 10544 feet (3214 m).
 The Yemtsa or Yomtsa (Russian: Емца) is a river in Plesetsky and Kholmogorsky Districts and in the town of Mirny of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Northern Dvina River. It is 188 kilometres (117 mi) long and the area of its basin 14100 square kilometres (5400 sq mi).
 The Tsomo River is a river in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa. It is a tributary of the Great Kei River.
 San Antonio Creek is a stream that flows westerly from the Solomon Hills through the Los Alamos Valley the Barka Slough and the San Antonio Valley on its way to the Pacific Ocean north of Purisima Point. It passes through the town of Los Alamos California and then Vandenberg Air Force Base in Santa Barbara County California.
 The Aller is a river 211 kilometres (131 mi) long in the states of Saxony-Anhalt and Lower Saxony in Germany. It is a right-hand and hence eastern tributary of the River Weser and is also its largest tributary. Its last 117 kilometres (73 mi) form the Lower Aller federal waterway (Bundeswasserstraße). The Aller was extensively straightened widened and in places dyked during the 1960s to provide flood control of the river.
 The Ardealu River is a tributary of the Talna Mică River in Romania.
 Kinney Lake is a lake located in Mount Robson Provincial Park of British Columbia Canada. The lake can be reached by following the Berg Lake Trail for 4.2 kilometres. The lake is an expansion of the Robson River (a tributary of the upper Fraser River) & is located about halfway between the river's source & its mouth. It was named by Arthur Philemon Coleman Canadian geologist who explored the region with his friend George Kinney who spotted the lake first.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Skjervangen is a lake in the municipality of Eidskog in Hedmark county Norway.
 The Ursu River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 Whitecrow Glacier is in Glacier National Park U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated immediately east of Mount Cleveland at an average elevation of 7000 feet (2100 m) above sea level. Whitecrow Glacier is in a cirque and consists of numerous ice patches covering a combined surface area of 48 acres (0.19 km2). Between 1966 and 2005 Whitecrow Glacier lost over 47 percent of its surface area.
 The Lupoaia River is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania.
 Piz Fora is a mountain of the Bernina Range (Alps) located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. Its summit has an elevation of 3363 metres (11033 ft) and is the tripoint between the valleys of Val Fedoz and Val Fex (both in Graubünden) and Val Malenco (in Lombardy).
 The Esva is a river in northern Spain flowing through the Autonomous Community of Asturias.
 The Styr River (Ukrainian: Стир; Russian: Стырь) is right tributary of the Pripyat River with a length of 494 km.
 The Wilerhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Wiler in the canton of Valais. It lies west of the Bietschhorn on the range separating the Lötschental from the main Rhone valley.
 Lake Wylie is a reservoir or man-made lake in the U.S. states of both South Carolina and North Carolina. The lake has a surface area of 13400 acres (54 km2) (21sq mi) and features 325 miles (523 km) of shore line.
 The Păltinei River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Lake El'gygytgyn (Chukchi: Эльгыгытгын) is an impact crater lake located in the Chukotka Autonomous Okrug in north-east Siberia about 150 km southeast of Chaunskaya Bay. It is drained to the southeast by the Enmybaam branch of the Belaya River. It is approximately 12 km in diameter and has a maximum depth of 174 m +/- 2m.
 The Fanado River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lake Çıldır (Turkish: Çıldır Gölü Georgian: ჩრდილი ჩრდილის ტბა) - Chrdilis tba (original etymology of the word Çıldır - meaning lake of shadows Armenian: Ծովակ Հյուսիսո - Tzovák Hiusisó) is a large freshwater lake in the Ardahan Province northeastern part of Turkey. It is located at 41.0425°N 43.2552778°E﻿ / 41.0425; 43.2552778 close to the borders with Georgia and Armenia. Lake Çıldır is located at the elevation of about 1900 m (6200 ft) and is surrounded by a mountainous region.
 Pagüey River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Shubenacadie Grand Lake is a large Canadian lake straddling the Halifax Regional Municipality and Hants county on mainland Nova Scotia.It drains into the Shubenacadie River at its northeastern outlet.The lake is the seventh and largest lake in the Shubenacadie Canal system and is located between Lock 5 and 6.Shubenacadie Grand Lake hosts two provincial parks Laurie Provincial Park and Oakfield Provincial Park both on its eastern shore.
 Mount Achilles is a mountain in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park in Tasmania Australia. It is the 20th highest mountain in Tasmania. Mount Achilles consists of two main summits the highest is known as 'Achilles Heel' and the other is referred to as 'Perrins Bluff'.It is located in the more northern part of the park and almost due east of Zeehan It is a major feature of the national park and is a popular venue with bushwalkers and mountain climbers
 Halket Loch (locally pronounced 'Whoreket') also known as Halkhead or Halketh was situated in the mid-Ayrshire clayland near Lugton. It is visible as a surface depression in pastureland sometimes partially flooded situated in a low lying area close to farms and dwellings of East North and Middle Halket and Craighead in the Parish of Dunlop East Ayrshire Scotland. The loch was natural sitting in a hollow created by glaciation.
 Mount Andromeda is located within the Columbia Icefield on the boundary of Banff and Jasper national parks. The mountain can be seen from the Icefields Parkway (#93) near Sunwapta Pass and is directly southwest of Mount Athabasca.Mt. Andromeda was named in 1938 by Rex Gibson former president of the Alpine Club of Canada after Andromeda the wife of Perseus.
 Seilhenker is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Pârâul Bradului is a tributary of the Putna River (Siret) in Romania.
 Tskhenistsqali (Georgian: ცხენისწყალი) is a river in northern Georgia. Its source is in the main range of the Caucasus Mountains in the easternmost part of the Lentekhi District lower Svaneti. A tributary of the river Rioni its length is 184 km. It flows through the small towns Lentekhi and Tsageri and joins the Rioni near the town Samtredia.
 The Black River is a river in eastern Yukon-Koyukuk Census Area Alaska United States. It flows generally northwest 160 miles (260 km) from its source to its mouth on the Black River Slough of the Porcupine River near the city of Fort Yukon.
 Laguna La Gaiba is a lake in the Ángel Sandoval Province Bolivia and Mato Grosso Brazil.
 The L II River is a small river in Canterbury New Zealand. It rises near Lincoln and flows through very flat farmland mostly fed by land drainage ditches before emptying into Lake Ellesmere just east of the mouth of the Selwyn River.
 The Leitha (German: Leitha; Hungarian: Lajta Lajtha formerly Sár(-víz); Czech and Slovak: Litava) is a river in Austria and Hungary a right tributary of the Danube.
 Kreuzeck is a mountain in the Allgäu Alps of Bavaria Germany.
 The Calico Mountains are a mountain range in northwestern Nevada. The range runs north to south along the western edge of the Black Rock Desert. This mountain range is located in western Humboldt and northern Pershing Counties approximately 30 miles north of the town of Gerlach Nevada. The best access to the Calico Mountains is located from the maintained Soldier Meadows Road (Humboldt County Road 200) that forms its eastern boundary.
 The Aylesford Stream is a 5.4 kilometre long tributary of the East Stour itself a tributary of the Great Stour in Kent. The stream's source is north of the M20 between Hinxhill and West Brabourne and runs through Willesborough and then between Newtown and South Willesborough to join the East Stour just west of Ashford Designer Outlet.The area along the stream forms part of a Local Nature Reserve the Ashford Green Corridor with pollarded willows adjacent to Bentley Road in Willesborough.
 Larrun (modern French: La Rhune IPA: [la'run] - 'good pasture' possibly a folk etymology in French until the 20th century: Larhune ) is a mountain (905 m) at the western end of the Pyrenees. It is located on the border of France and Spain where the traditional Basque provinces of Labourd and Navarra meet. Its prominence is 670 m.Larrun holds an iconic place in Basque culture.
 Rigi is a massif in central Switzerland. It is also known as the Queen of the Mountains. The highest peak at 1797.5 meters is the Rigi Kulm easily accessible by public transport. It offers many activities such as skiing or sledging in the winter and hiking in the summer.
 Bâlea Lake (Romanian: Lacul Bâlea or Bâlea Lac pronounced [ˈbɨle̯a]) is a glacier lake situated at 2034 m of altitude in the Făgăraş Mountains in central Romania in Sibiu County. There are two chalets opened all the year round a meteorological station and a mountain rescue (Salvamont) station.
 The Pârâul Țiganului is a tributary of the Talna River in Romania.
 Jaszai Patera is a 40 km (25 mi) to 30 km (19 mi) wide volcanic caldera on Venus containing steep sided lava domes.
 The Baci River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 The Bear River (Big Fork River) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Cranberry River is a tributary of the Gauley River located in southeastern West Virginia in the United States. It is a part of the Mississippi River watershed by way of the Gauley Kanawha and Ohio Rivers draining an area of 74 square miles (192 km2).The river has also been known historically as Cranberry Creek.
 The Valea Mare River is a river in Romania tributary of the Crişul Negru River.
 The Sand Hills are a mountain range in Yuba County California.
 Kose Valgjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The Măgura River is a tributary of the Sbârcioara River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Valea cu Apă and Rogozu
 Wainandoi River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Fairholme Range is a mountain range east of the Bow River valley in the Canadian Rockies. The range is bounded by the Trans-Canada Highway on the west side while the northern section of the range extends into Banff National Park to the southern shores of Lake Minnewanka.
 The Valea Priboilor River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Mount Ollivier is a 1933 m (6342 ft) mountain in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It is a peak in the Sealy Range about 2.5 km (1.6 mi) west of Mount Cook Village. The peak is named after mountaineer Arthur Ollivier who died in 1897.Mount Ollivier was Sir Edmund Hillary's first major climb in 1939. After his death in 2008 there was a proposal to rename the peak Mount Hillary as a memorial a suggestion opposed by Arthur Ollivier's family.
 Fiftyone Glacier is a large glacier flowing southwards on the south side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. Its terminus is located between Lavett Bluff and Lambeth Bluff. To the northeast of Fiftyone Glacier is Winston Glacier whose terminus is located at Winston Lagoon between Cape Lockyer and Oatt Rocks. To the west of Fiftyone Glacier is Deacock Glacier whose terminus is located between Cape Labuan and Long Beach.
 The Little Chuckwalla Mountains are a mountain range in Riverside County California.
 Plum Run (Rock Run in 1821) is a Pennsylvania stream flowing southward from the Gettysburg Battlefield between the Gettys-Black Divide on the east and on the west the drainage divide for Pitzer Run Biesecker Run Willoughby Run and Marsh Creek. The Plum Run Valley was the location of Battle of Gettysburg Second Day and Third Day military engagements as well as the postbellum Crawford's Glen and Tipton Park.
 Eiru River is a river of Amazonas state in northwestern Brazil.
 The Rotokino River is a short river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from Lake Rotokino draining its waters to the Whataroa River.
 Lake Kanono is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Little Swan River is a 13.9-mile-long (22.4 km) tributary of the Swan River of central Minnesota United States. It is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 Kuntur Ikiña (Aymara kunturi condor ikiña to sleep bed or blanket meaning bed of the condor or resting place of the condor hispanicized spelling Condor Iquiña) is a mountain in the Andes located in the Cordillera Occidental of Bolivia about 4761 metres / 15620 ft high. It is situated in the Oruro Department Sajama Province Turco Municipality north east of the Acotango volcano and south of the Bolivian Route 4 that leads to Tambo Quemado on the border with Chile.
 The Gulliver River is a river in the Fiordland area of New Zealand. It starts in the Darran Mountains near the Grave-Talbot Pass and flows north and then west into the Cleddau River which runs into Milford Sound. The river was named in 1906 by W.G. Grave for Alf Grenfell who had a nickname of Gulliver. A track along the Gulliver River from the Cleddau is suitable for day walks in summer and autumn.
 Mount Baxter is a peak along the crest of the Sierra Nevada Mountains in California.
 The Foraker River (Lower Tanana: Kwalana or Kotalhno) is a 60-mile (97 km) stream in central Alaska in the United States. It drains an area on the north slope of the Alaska Range on the south edge of the Tanana Valley southwest of Fairbanks. The Herron River is a major tributary.The Foraker River issues from Foraker Glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve northwest of Mount Foraker.
 Aike Beck or the Lockington Navigation is a stream in the East Riding of Yorkshire England which was constructed as a navigation in the late 18th century and ceased to function as such in the 1850s.
 Williamson Mountain elevation 6253 feet (1906 m) is a peak in the Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is named after Lt. Robert S. Williamson who with Lt. Philip Sheridan took part in the Pacific Railroad Surveys in central Oregon in 1855. The United States Board on Geographic Names approved the name in 1931.
 Kyzylart Pass is a mountain pass and border crossing in the Trans-Alay Range on the border of Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan.The highest point is 4280 m (14042 ft). The pass is crossed by a road. Throughout the area the land is typically rugged and dry.
 The Hoanca Moțului River is a tributary of the Crișul Băiței River in Romania.
 Crampton's Gap also known as Crampton Gap is a wind gap on South Mountain in Maryland. The 928 feet (283 m) gap connects Burkittsville in the Middletown Valley to the east with Gapland and Rohrersville in the Pleasant Valley to the west.The gap is the location of Gathland State Park and was the site of the Battle of Crampton's Gap on September 14 1862 during the Maryland Campaign of the American Civil War.
 The South Yeocomico River is a 1.4-mile-long (2.3 km) tidal river in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is an arm of the Yeocomico River itself an inlet from the Potomac River.
 Ellerbrockgraben is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Karasu River (烏川 Karasu-gawa) is a river located in Gunma Prefecture Japan. It is a branch of the Tone River and the government of Japan classifies it as a Class 1 river. It generally flows in a south-easterly direction.
 Vunindawa River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Davy Crockett Lake is a 383-acre (154.99 ha; 0.60 sq mi) body of water impounded by Nolichucky Dam on the Nolichucky River 7 miles (11 km) south of Greeneville in Greene County in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is also known as the Davy Crockett Reservoir and is maintained by the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA). It is a recreation site home to a variety of game fish.
 Emlembe is the highest mountain in Swaziland. It is located in the east uKhahlamba (or Drakensberg) mountain range on the border with South Africa.
 The Valea Stogului River is a tributary of the Băiașu River in Romania
 Gusana is the name of an artificial lake and of the surrounding area in the territory of Gavoi Sardinia Italy.The lake was built in the 1930s to store water for an electricity generator (central of Coghinadordza) and it covered an ancient Roman bridge as well as an ancient archaeological site of the Nuragici people.It is now a tourist destination.
 The Hutt River in the Clare Valley of South Australia is a stream rising near Sevenhill and flowing in a generally northern direction past the town of Clare and through good farming and pastoral country into the southern side of the Broughton River. It is one of several streams discovered in April 1839 by explorer John Hill a friend and contemporary of the explorer Edward John Eyre.
 Chukchi Sea (Russian: Чуко́тское мо́ре IPA: [tɕʊˈkotskəjə ˈmorʲə]) is a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean. It is bounded on the west by the De Long Strait off Wrangel Island and in the east by Point Barrow Alaska beyond which lies the Beaufort Sea. The Bering Strait forms its southernmost limit and connects it to the Bering Sea and the Pacific Ocean. The principal port on the Chukchi Sea is Uelen in Russia. The International Date Line crosses the Chukchi Sea from NW to SE.
 Piz della Forcola is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. With a height of 2675 metres it is the highest summit of the chain lying south of the 2226 metre high pass named Forcola. On its western side it overlooks Val de la Forcola.
 Sénépy is a mountain located in Matheysine in the Dauphiné Alps of south-eastern France.Its elevation is 1769m. It overlooks the Drac River valley the Monteynard lake as well as the Trièves plateau on the opposite riverbank.It is mainly covered by high mountain pastures. Due to high exposure to strong winds (bise) from the North a project consisting in implementing Wind power plants on the mountain is being studied. This project is facing a strong opposition from environmental concerns.
 The Gull River (Turtle River) is a river of Minnesota.
 Goldbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Fox Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Maitenrehue River is a river of Chile.
 Mount Muir is a mountain located on the Continental Divide on the Alberta-British Columbia border. The mountain was named in 1918 after Alexander Muir. It is located in the High Rock Range.
 The Maemong River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Melozitna River is a 135-mile (217 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It flows generally southwest from the Ray Mountains to its mouth near the city of Ruby.
 High Raise is a fell in the Central Fells of the English Lake District not to be confused with another High Raise situated in the Far Eastern Fells. High Raise is not one of the most spectacular mountains in the district; however with a height of 762 metres (2500 ft) it is the highest point in the central fells of Lakeland.
 The Burda River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania. The confluence with the Burda River defines the upper limit of the reach on which fishing is permitted on the Sulța River.
 Kulik is a lunar impact crater that lies on the northern hemisphere of the Moon's far side. The outer rim of this crater has been heavily impacted particularly along the northern side which is almost entirely overlain by a pair of smaller craters. The southern inner wall is also marked by a cluster of small impacts and there are small craters across the western rim and notching the eastern inner wall.
 Bartlett Haystack is a mountain located in Bartlett New Hampshire. Like the town the mountain is named after Dr.
 Waginger See is a lake in Alpenvorland Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 441 m its surface area is 9 km².
 The Pria River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 Mount Lyall is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1917 after David Lyall. David Lyall (1817–1895) MD RN FLS was a Scottish botanist who explored Antarctica New Zealand the Arctic and North America and was a lifelong friend of Sir Joseph Hooker.
 The Kabul River (Persian/Urdu: دریای کابل‎; Pashto: کابل سیند‎ Sanskrit: कुभा ) the classical Cophes /ˈkoʊfiːz/ is a 700-kilometre (430 mi) long river that starts in the Sanglakh Range of the Hindu Kush mountains in Afghanistan and ends in the Indus River near Attock Pakistan. It is the main river in eastern Afghanistan and is separated from the watershed of the Helmand by the Unai Pass.
 The Cârligele River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 The Wandelen is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking Lake Sarnen in the canton of Obwalden. It lies at the northern end of the chain between the Klein Melchtal and the Melchtal.
 Nordre Knutsholstinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Ohe is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Ölbach (Wapelbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Schuylkill River (/ˈskuːkəl/ SKOO-kəl) is a river in Pennsylvania that William Penn chose in 1682 as one bank of the confluence upon which he founded the planned city of Philadelphia on lands purchased from the native Delaware nation. It is a designated Pennsylvania Scenic River and its whole length was once part of the Delaware people's southern territories. Its upper end rises in what is called the richest anthracite coal fields in the world.The river is about 135 miles (217 km) long.
 The Connetquot River (also known as Great River) is a 6 mi (10 km) long river in Islip.
 The Fall River is a Lake Oroville source tributary that drains the south portion of the Middle Fork Feather Watershed. The river enters the lake along the shore of the North Arm 0.39 mi (0.63 km) from the mouth of the North Fork Feather River at the tip of the arm and elevation 928 ft (283 m). The river is notable as the source of water for Feather Falls in the Lake Oroville State Recreation Area.
 Brensbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Homorodul Vechi River is a branch of the Homorod River in Romania. It is located between the villages of Satu Nou and Feldioara
 The Poncione d'Alnasca is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located east of Brione in the canton of Ticino. It is located on the range south of the Cima di Gagnone.
 Avalanche Lake (Avalanchi lake) is located 28 kilometers from Ooty in the Nilgiris district in Tamil Nadu.
 The Redstone River is a river in the municipality of Dysart et al Haliburton County in central Ontario Canada that flows from southern Algonquin Provincial Park to the Gull River.
 Copley is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 30 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Copley is named for the American painter John Singleton Copley who lived from 1738 to 1815.
 The Holitna River is a 110-mile (180 km) tributary of the Kuskokwim River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Formed by the confluence of Shotgun Creek and the Kogrukluk River east of the Kuskokwim Mountains the river flows generally northeast to meet the larger river near Sleetmute.Operation Holitna a federal investigation into child pornography was named after the river.
 Neujmin is a lunar crater on the Moon's far side. It is nearly attached to the west-southwest of the smaller crater Waterman and lies to the southwest of the prominent Tsiolkovskiy.This is an eroded crater formation that has been somewhat deformed by subsequent impacts. The circular crater Neujmin P lies across the southwestern rim.
 Vardnili Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Georgia that has 3 turbines with a nominal capacity of 73 MW each having a total capacity of 220 MW.
 Mont des Poilus is a mountain of the Waputik Range in Alberta Canada. It was named during WWI for the French army.
 The Valea Babei River is a tributary of the Gârbova River in Romania.
 Odła is a river of Poland a tributary of the Świsłocz.
 The Angostura River is a river of Chile.
 Lago La Plata is a lake located between the municipalities of Naranjito Toa Alta and Bayamón in Puerto Rico. The lake was created in 1973 and serves as a reservoir for potable water. The lake receives flow from the La Plata River and can be used for fishing.
 Ampato is a dormant 6288-metre (20630 ft) stratovolcano in the Andes of southern Peru about 100 km (60 mi) northwest of Arequipa.
 Tartaro-Canalbianco-Po di Levante (Latin: Tartarus) is a river of north-east Italy.
 Lake Pepin is a naturally occurring lake and the widest naturally occurring part of the Mississippi River located approximately 60 miles downstream from Saint Paul Minnesota. It is a widening of the river on the border between Minnesota and Wisconsin. The formation of the lake was caused by the backup of water behind the sedimentary deposits of the Chippewa River's delta.
 The São Sebastião River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Pârâul Cetății is a tributary of the Telejenel River in Romania.
 The Maracajá River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Mud Caves are a popular feature in Anza Borrego Desert State Park in San Diego County California. The caves located in the Carrizo Badlands along the Arroyo Tapiado were created by water flowing through a thick deposit of silt and are an example of Pseudokarst topography. There are at least 22 caves some up to 1000 feet (300 m) in length and 80 feet (24 m) in height.
 Pauper’s Drain is a small tributary of the River Trent in North Lincolnshire England and is 9km (6 miles) long.It has a catchment area of 42 square kilometres(16 square miles) of flat arable agricultural land to the east of the Isle of Axholme.
 Mount Kamui (神威岳 kamuidake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Pumpelly Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated immediately northeast of Blackfoot Mountain at an elevation between 8500 and 8000 ft (2600 and 2400 m) above sea level. Pumpelly Glacier is just west of the Continental Divide and adjacent to Pumpkin Glacier the two glaciers separated by crevasses. The glacier was named after Raphael Pumpelly who had first sighted the glacier in 1883.
 The Ferguson River originates on the eastern bank of Ferguson Lake within the northern Hearne Domain Western Churchill province of the Churchill craton the northwest section of the Canadian Shield in Nunavut's Kivalliq Region.The river was first traversed by Canadian Arctic explorer Joseph Burr Tyrrell's Geological Survey of Canada 1894 canoe expedition that included Robert Monro Ferguson Scottish sportsman and aide-de-camp to Lord Aberdeen Governor General of Canada.
 Stonewall Jackson Lake is an 2630-acre (10.6 km2) impoundment on the West Fork River in Lewis County West Virginia. The lake is a flood control project of the Pittsburgh District of the United States Army Corps of Engineers. Stonewall Resort is located along the lake's shore.
 The Potoci River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui in the proximity of Potoci.
 The Dărasca River is a tributary of the Mara River in Romania.
 Brewster Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island north west of Campbell Lake and north west of the city Campbell River.
 The River Key is a tributary of the River Thames in England which flows through Wiltshire.The river rises at Braydon Forest near Purton and runs through Purton Stoke joining the Thames on the southern bank near Cricklade just upstream of the A419 Road Bridge. The river was crossed by the North Wilts Canal a few hundred yards south of Cricklade on the B4553 to Purton. In December 2000 as part of regeneration of the canal rescue work was started on the River Key Aqueduct.
 The Rère (French: la Rère) is a 53.3 km (33.1 mi) long river in the Cher and Loir-et-Cher département central France. Its source is at Presly. It flows generally west. It is a left tributary of the Sauldre into which it flows at Villeherviers.
 The Frumușana River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Hawthorn Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island east of Nahmint Bay.
 105 Mile Lake is a small lake located to the nearby town of 105 Mile House. Like the town the lake is named because of its distance from Lillooet via the Old Cariboo Road.
 The Pustnic River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Moravian Thaya (German: Mährische Thaya Czech: Moravská Dyje) is a river in the Czech Republic and in Austria and a 68.2 kilometres (42.4 mi) left tributary of the Thaya.The Moravian Thaya originates about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) southeast of Třešť near the village of Stajiště. From there it flows southward through or near the communities of Bezděkov Panenská Rozsíčka Urbanov Žatec Dyjice Radkov Slaviboř and Černíč in the Vysočina Region.
 The Westport Canal was built in the late 1830s to link Westport and Langport in Somerset England. It was part of a larger scheme involving improvements to the River Parrett above Burrow Bridge. Langport is the point at which the River Yeo joins the River Parrett and the intention was to enable trade via the port at Bridgwater. It remained in use until the 1870s but closed when the Somerset Drainage Commissioners took over control of the River Parrett.
 Conchagua (also known as Cochague) is a stratovolcano in southeastern El Salvador overlooking the Gulf of Fonseca. Cerro del Ocote and Cerro de la Bandera are the two main summits with Bandera appearing younger and more conical (see photo). There are active fumarolic areas on both peaks but no confirmed historical eruptions. It is surrounded by forest called Bosque Conchagua.
 The Diyala River after Darban-e Khan Dam:Kurdish: Sirwan سيروان Arabic: نهر ديالى‎ Persian: سیروان دیاله is a river and tributary of the Tigris that originates in Iran as the Sirwan (or Sirvan) River then runs mainly through Eastern Iraq. It covers a total distance of 445 km (277 mi).
 The Cetățuia River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 The Hărbărău River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Mount Earnslaw also known by its Māori name of Pikirakatahi is a 2819 m mountain in New Zealand's South Island. It is named after Earnslaw (formerly Herneslawe) village in the parish ofEccles Berwickshire hometown of the surveyor John Turnbull Thomson's father.Mount Earnslaw is within Mount Aspiring National Park at the southern end of the Forbes Range of New Zealand's Southern Alps.
 Embsay Reservoir is located above the village of Embsay near Skipton in the Yorkshire Dales in North Yorkshire England. It is owned by Yorkshire Water and is used to supply water to the north and west of Skipton. It has a dam height of 24 m (79 ft).The reservoir was built by Skipton Urban District Council to service the needs of a rapidly rising population in the area.
 The Halia River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Oltișor River is a tributary of the Dascălu River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Criva River
 Stoletov is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located in the northern hemisphere less than one crater diameter to the north of Kulik. To the northwest of Stoletov is Montgolfier.This is a worn and eroded crater formation. There is a merged cluster of small impacts along the northern rim and small craterlets across the southern and western rims. The inner walls and interior floor are relatively featureless. There is a small craterlet on the floor to the south of the midpoint.
 Awkillu (local Quechua word for apu (Andean mountain deity) or grandfather old man the hispanicized spelling is the misleading word Auxilio which means assistance or support) is a mountain in the west of the Waywash mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5560 metres (18241 ft) high. It is located in the Ancash Region Bolognesi Province Pacllon District and in the Lima Region Cajatambo Province Copa District.
 Nikolaev is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located north of the Mare Moscoviense and south of the larger crater Von Neumann. Because it is on the far side of the Moon it is not visible from Earth.The circular rim of this crater is not overlain by any significant craters but has been slightly eroded. It has an uneven edge and a wide inner wall. There is a shelf running around much of the wide inner edge where the material has slumped and some terracing along the northeastern side.
 The Husăuș River is a tributary of the Patacu River in Romania.
 The Pistruia Mică River is a headwater of the Pistruia River in Romania.
 Le Gibloux (1204 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking the Lake of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg.On the summit is located the Gibloux Radio Tower.
 Piz Sarsura Pitschen (3134 m) (Romansh: little Piz Sarsura) is a mountain of the Albula Alps located west of Zernez in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Sarsura on the range between the Val Grialetsch and the Val Sarsura.
 Mount Teshio (天塩岳 Teshio-dake) is the tallest mountain in the Kitami Mountains. It is located on the border of Shibetsu and Takinoue Hokkaidō Japan. It is the source of the Teshio River.
 Holhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Pulau River (Indonesian: Sungai Pulau Dutch: Eilandenrivier) is a river of West Papua and Papua New Guinea.
 Silver How is a fell in the English Lake District standing over the village of Grasmere. How derived from the Old Norse word haugr is a common local term for a hill or mound.
 Lai da Marmorera is a reservoir in the Grisons Switzerland. It is part of the Parc Ela nature park.The lake with a surface area of 1.41 km² formed after the completion of the Marmorera dam in 1954 when the old village of Marmorera was flooded. The village was rebuilt above the lake. The lake is flanked on one side by the route of the Julier Pass.
 White Cloud Peak 3 also known as WCP 3 at 10588 feet (3227 m) above sea level is an unofficially named peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 1.44 mi (2.32 km) from White Cloud Peak 5 its line parent. Swimm Lake is southwest of the peak.
 Como Lake is a small lake in the city of Coquitlam British Columbia. It forms the headwaters of the Como watershed and is an urban fishing and recreation area in the city of Coquitlam as well as the Lower Mainland.The lake is very popular with joggers and walkers the trail around the lake being 1 km in length. There are small stocked rainbow trout carp and catfish living in the lake.
 The Racovița River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 Hochfelln is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Wandlebury Hill (grid reference TL493534) is a hill in the Gog Magog Downs a ridge of low chalk hills extending for several miles to the southeast of Cambridge England. The underlying rock is present in a number of places on the hill.
 The Bresle is a river in the northwest of France that flows into the English Channel at Le Tréport. It crosses the departements of Oise Somme and Seine-Maritime.
 The Gletscher Ducan (also known as Ducan Dador) is a mountain of the Albula Alps located in Graubünden Switzerland. On its northern side lies a glacier named Ducangletscher. It lies south-west of the Hoch Ducan.
 The Tamitatoale River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Wilson Inlet is an inlet located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.The inlet receives water from the two main rivers: the Denmark River and the Hay River and some smaller rivers and streams such as the Sleeman River Little River and Cuppup Creek. It is located 2 kilometres (1 mi) South East of the town of Denmark.The inlet is a wave dominated estuary with an opening mouth that has a width of 100 metres (328 ft) with a bar blocking it from late January to August.
 The Vermilion Lakes are a series of lakes located immediately west of Banff Alberta in the Canadian Rocky Mountains.The three lakes are formed in the Bow River valley in the Banff National Park at the foot of Mount Norquay. They are located between the Trans-Canada Highway and the Canadian Pacific Railway tracks. A hot spring is found at the third lake.
 The Valea Tocastrului River is a tributary of the Ulmoasa river in Romania.
 The Nexapa River is a river of Mexico.
 Mount Adatara (安達太良山 Adatara-yama) is a stratovolcano on the main island of Honshu in Japan.It is located about 15 kilometres southwest of the city of Fukushima and east of Mount Bandai. Its last known eruption was in 1996.The mountain is actually multiple volcanoes forming a broad forested massif. It abuts Mount Azuma a dormant volcano to the north. The peak is called Minowa-yama.
 Monte Prata is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 Spitzstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Pandin and Yambo are twin crater lakes separated by a narrow strip of land. They are part of the Seven Lakes system in San Pablo. The lakes can be found in Brgy. San Lorenzo San Pablo City Laguna Philippines.Lake Pandin is said to be the most pristine of the seven lakes of San Pablo.
 The Olkaria Area is an region located immediately to the south of Lake Naivasha in the Great Rift Valley of Kenya Africa. It is geothermally active and is being used to generate growing quantities of clean electrical power. The region has an estimated potential of 2000 MW. This is almost double the maximum daily electricity peak demand recorded in 2008/2009 for the entire country.
 Kit Hill (Cornish: Bre Skowl) at 334 metres high dominates the area between Callington and the River Tamar in southeast Cornwall UK. The word 'Kit' comes from Old English for Kite a reference to birds of prey (and not specifically the Red Kite). Buzzards and Sparrowhawks can still be seen on the hill. It is one of five Marilyn hills in Cornwall the four others are Watch Croft Brown Willy Carnmenellis and Hensbarrow Beacon.
 The Pardo River (Portuguese Rio Pardo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paranapanema River.
 The Guayanilla River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Predilcova River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 Celsius is a small lunar crater that is located in the rugged terrain in the southern hemisphere on the Moon's near side. It lies less than one crater diameter to the south-southwest of the crater Zagut and due north of Büsching.This is a heavily worn crater with a southwest rim that has been damaged by multiple small crater impacts. There is a valley-like gap in the northern rim that joins Celsius with Celsius A.
 Not to be confused with Kerr Lake a reservoir along the border of North Carolina and Virginia.Lake Kerr is a small lake located in Marion County Florida. Eureka and Salt Springs are located near Lake Kerr. It is also located very close to Lake George and the St. Johns River.
 Monte Bano is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the province of Genoa. It lies at an altitude of 1035 metres.
 Sandy Pond is an 18-acre (73000 m2) pond in Wareham Massachusetts. The pond is located east of Spectacle Pond and Mill Pond and south of Glen Charlie Pond.
 Bear Cove Pond is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Double Mountains is the name of a pair of flat-topped buttes located 13 miles (21 km) southwest of Aspermont in Stonewall County Texas. While the Handbook of Texas gives their elevation as either 2000 ft (610 m) or 2400 ft (732 m) United States Geological Survey maps give the elevation of the western mountain as 2523 ft (769 m) and that of the eastern mountain as between 2580 ft (786 m) and 2600 ft (792 m).
 Schönberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Tsozong Gongba Monastery (also Tsodzong or Tsomum 1400 AD; meaning 'castle in a lake') is a small sacred chapel of the Nyingma (Red) tradition of Tibetan Buddhism (monks wear red hats - see the other two Red Hat Sects).
 Kongskrona is a 1818-metre (5965 ft) tall mountain peak in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is the higher of the two peaks on the main mountain Vinnufjellet. Its neighbour peak is Dronningkrona which is about 2 metres (6 ft 7 in) shorter. The name means King's crown in Norwegian (the neighboring peak Dronningkrona means Queen's crown). The peak lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of the village of Sunndalsøra.
 The River Hodder is a river in Lancashire England. The river is a County Biological Heritage Site.It rises on White Hill and flows for approximately 23 miles to the River Ribble of which it is the largest tributary.
 Bric del Terma is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the provinces of Genoa and Alessandria. It lies at an altitude of 939 metres.
 The Holoşag River is a tributary of the Jolotca River in Romania.
 Gwanggyosan (582 m) is a small mountain in Gyeonggi Province South Korea. It lies on the border of Suwon and Yongin though the wider range extends north and so also borders Uiwang Gwacheon Seoul and Seongnam.The summit offers views across Suwon Yongin and Bundang. The mountain is commonly hiked from Gwanggyo Reservoir in Suwon.
 Lake Mahinerangi is a small lake formed when a dam was built on the Waipori River for hydroelectric generation. The lake is 35 kilometres to the west of Dunedin in New Zealand's South Island. The Waipori hydro-electric scheme includes a network of four dams and power stations and produces a maximum output of 84 MW.The lake was named for Dorothy Kathleen Mahinerangi Burnett the daughter of William Burnett mayor of Dunedin 1911-1912.
 Pizzo dei Tre Confini is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Lac de Cleuson is a reservoir in the municipality of Nendaz Valais Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.51 km². Water from the reservoir is often pumped into the Grande Dixence Dam's reservoir Lac des Dix for use in hydroelectricity production.
 Potok Paprocański is a river of Poland a tributary of the Gostynia.
 The Wang Thong River (Thai: แคววังทอง RTGS: Khwae Wang Thong IPA: [kʰwɛː waŋ tʰɔːŋ] also known as the Khek River) is a river in Thailand.
 The Roșiile River is a headwater of the Jieţ River in Romania.
 Grønliskarstinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Calcasieu Lake is a brackish lake located in southwest Louisiana United States located mostly within Cameron Parish. The lake is paralleled on its west shore by Louisiana Highway 27 and is located about 17 miles (27.35 km) south of Lake Charles Louisiana.The Lake is also known as Big Lake to the local population.
 The Rio Salado is a tributary of the Rio Grande in the U.S. state of New Mexico. From its source in northeast Catron County it flows about 86 miles (138 km) generally east to join the Rio Grande just north of Polvadera and about 15 miles (24 km) north of Socorro. The name Río Salado is Spanish for salty river.
 The Maracaibo Basin is a prolific hydrocarbon-producing sedimentary basin in northwestern Venezuela with estimated oil reserves of approximately 44 billion barrels (1722285000 m³). The basin is bounded on the north by the Oca Fault which separates it from the Caribbean. The remaining sides of the basin are bounded by a branching in the northern Andes Mountains termed the Sierra de Perijá (to the west) and the Mérida Andes (to the south and east).
 Pacific Peak elevation 13957 ft (4254 m) is a summit in the Mosquito Range of central Colorado. The peak is southwest of Breckenridge in the Arapaho National Forest.
 The Opat River is a tributary of the Cârţişoara river in Romania.
 The Howden Reservoir is a Y-shaped reservoir top one of the three in the Upper Derwent Valley England. The western half of the reservoir lies in Derbyshire whereas the eastern half is in Sheffield South Yorkshire. The county border runs through the middle of the reservoir following the original path of the River Derwent. The longest arm is around 1.25 miles (2 km) in length.
 The Strelasund or Strela Sound is a sound or lagoon of the Baltic Sea which separates Rügen from the German mainland. It is crossed by a road and rail bridge called the Rügendamm in Stralsund. It runs northwest to southeast from a small shallow bay just north of Stralsund called the Kubitzer Bodden through to another such bay the Greifswalder Bodden in the southeast. The sound is nowhere much more than 3 km wide reaching its greatest width towards its southeast end.
 Rissajaure also called Trollsjön and sometimes Kärkevaggepadajaure (Northern Sami: Rissájávri) is a lake in the Kärkevagge valley in Kiruna Municipality Sweden. It is the clearest and purest lake in Sweden and has a visual depth of 34 m right down to the bottom. It is located about 120 km from Kiruna. It is composed of meltwater from the surrounding glaciers. The lake is ice-covered well into the summer and is only ice-free for three months.
 Swift is a tiny lunar impact crater that is located in the northwestern part of the Mare Crisium in the northeast part of the Moon's near side. Within two crater diameters to the south is the larger crater Peirce. Swift was previously designated Peirce B before being named by the IAU.This formation is circular and bowl-shaped with a small floor at the midpoint of the sloping interior walls.
 The Chițcani River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 Johnson Creek is a minor tributary of the Rock River about 20.8 miles (33.5 km) long in southeastern Wisconsin in the United States. Via the Rock River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. Its watershed lies entirely within Jefferson County.
 Uarini River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Moghalrajpuram caves are located in Vijayawada Andhra Pradesh India. They are home to three temples.
 Blakeney Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Cressbrook Dam is one of the three water storages used to supply Toowoomba and the surrounding region. The dam was constructed in 1983 for the former Toowoomba City Council now part of Toowoomba Regional Council. The other two storages used for Toowoomba are Perseverance Dam and Cooby Dam.Cressbrook Dam has a surface area of 517 hectares with a total capacity of 81842 mega-litres when full (78847 ML usable) at an average depth of 15.8 metres.
 Nergal crater is a crater on Jupiter's moon Ganymede. It has a distinctive ejecta blanket surrounding it that's darker nearer the craters and brighter further away. The inner region of the ejecta is characterized by a lobate appearance indicative of the flow of a liquid (or slushy) substance over the surface. The flow was probably icy surface material melted by the energy released during the impact that formed the crater.
 The Do Sal River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Snow Mountain is a mountain located in Oxford County Maine about 4 mi (6.4 km) south of the Canada–United States border with Québec. The mountain is sometimes called Cupsuptic Snow to distinguish it from another Snow Mountain about 10 mi (16 km) to the northeast.
 File:Aleknagik lake.jpgAleknagik Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is 32 km (20 mi) long by 26 km (16 mi) wide. The village of Aleknagik is on its southeast shore.Aleknagik is a Yupik word meaning wrong way home. Yupiks returning to their homes along the Nushagak River would sometimes become lost in the fog and be swept up the Wood River to Aleknagik Lake by the tide.
 San Pedro river is a river in Valdivia Province southern Chile. It drains waters from the Riñihue Lake the last of the Seven Lakes to the Calle-Calle River which in turn changes name to Valdivia River and at the end outflows in Corral Bay. San Pedro River is well known for being a good fishing area and a good place to practise rafting.
 Piz Lad is a mountain of the Swiss Ortler Alps overlooking Santa Maria Val Müstair in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Umbrail.
 The Aguja Saint Exupery is a mountain spear ('aguja') located near the Cerro Chaltén in the Los Glaciares National Park in Patagonia Argentina. The mountain is named in memory of Antoine de Saint Exupéry the French writer and aviator who was director of the Aeroposta Argentina airline and pioneered postal flights in the Patagonia region between 1929 and 1931.
 Monte Legnone is a mountain of Lombardy northern Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Fishers Peak elevation 9633 ft (2936 m) is the highest point in the Raton Mesa of southern Colorado.
 Lake Effie is a very irregularly-shaped lake just west of Highway US 27 on the west edge of Lake Wales Florida. This lake has a 105-acre (420000 m2) surface area. A cove on the west side of Lake Effie is mostly swamp. On the east side is the Florida's Natural Growers Visitor's Center known as the Grove House. Florida's Natural has a large citrus processing plant east of the Grove House on the east side of US 27.There are no public swimming or boating areas on Lake Effie's shore.
 Suribong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1019 metres.
 The Pirabeiraba River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Shivnath River is the biggest tributary of Mahanadi river which it joins in Khargahni in Bilaspur district in Chhattisgarh India. It has a total course of 290 km .Shivnath could also mean a lord shiva for the hindu religion .
 The Matapédia River (French: Rivière Matapédia) is a river on the Gaspé Peninsula in the province of Quebec Canada.
 The Altamaha River /ˈɑːltəməhɑː/ is a major river in the U.S. state of Georgia. It flows generally eastward for 137 miles (220 km) from its origin at the confluence of the Oconee River and Ocmulgee River towards the Atlantic Ocean where it empties into the ocean near Brunswick Georgia. There are no dams directly on the Altamaha though there are some on the Oconee and the Ocmulgee.
 The Cape Fear River is a 202 miles (325 km) long blackwater river in east central North Carolina in the United States. It flows into the Atlantic Ocean near Cape Fear from which it takes its name.
 Jabal al Balush is a hill in Fujairah.
 The Whakapohai River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally northwest to reach the Tasman Sea to the west of Lake Moeraki.
 Ramsey Lake is a lake in Sudbury Ontario located near the city's downtown core.
 Lago del Narèt is a lake in Val Sambuco Ticino Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.86 km². It is located in the municipality of Lavizzara. The closest locality is Fusio.
 The Chone River is a river of Ecuador situated in the Manabí Province. In arises in the Mountains and exits into the Bahía de Caráquez (Bay of Caraquez) in the Pacific Ocean near the city of Bahía de Caráquez.
 Isidis Planitia is a plain located inside a giant impact basin on Mars centered at 12.9°N 87.0°E﻿ / 12.9; 87.0. It is the third biggest obvious impact structure on the planet after the Hellas and Argyre basins – it is about 1500 km (930 mi) in diameter. Isidis was likely the last major basin to be formed on Mars having formed approximately 3.9 billion years ago during the Noachian Period.
 The Hosu River is a tributary of the Şugău River in Romania.
 Haystack Mountain is a mountain ridge in the Ridge and Valley region of the Appalachian Mountains located in western Maryland just west of the city of Cumberland. The mountain forms the southern wall of the Cumberland Narrows.
 Bundek is a lake in the Novi Zagreb - istok city district of Zagreb Croatia. It is located north of the Zapruđe and Središće neighborhoods. Bundek was renovated during 2005 to turn a badly maintained lake into a tourism and events center of Novi Zagreb.
 Upper Klamath Lake (sometimes called Klamath Lake) (Klamath: ?ews lake ) is a large shallow freshwater lake east of the Cascade Range in south-central Oregon in the United States. The largest body of fresh water by surface area in Oregon it is approximately 25 miles (40 km) long and 8 miles (13 km) wide and extends northwest from the city of Klamath Falls.
 The Whitewater River is a 62-mile-long (100 km) tributary of the Walnut River in southern Kansas in the United States. Via the Walnut and Arkansas Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.According to the Geographic Names Information System the stream has also been known as Whitewater Creek.
 The Sterpu River is a headwater of the Lotrioara river in Romania.
 Pointe de Charbonnel is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Graian Alps range. It has an elevation of 3752 metres above sea level.
 Little Cranberry Lake Halifax is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Meilichos (Greek: Μείλιχος) is a torrent in the northwestern part of Achaea southern Greece. The river flows from the northern part of the Panachaiko mountain to the Gulf of Patras. It passes through the village Sychaina now a neighbourhood of Patras. In antiquity there was a temple of Artemis Triklaria near the river but this has not been found by archaeologists. Near the present Aretha street a bridge from the Roman era has been excavated.
 The Guffert is a 2195 metres (7201 ft) high isolated prominent limestone alpenstock in the Brandenberg Alps (Rofan) that together with the Guffertstein forms a twin peak. It lies north of Steinberg am Rofan. Because it projects above the Mangfall Mountains to the north by about 300 metres the striking double peak is easily recognised from the Alpine Foreland the Tegernsee and the Bavarian Prealps.
 Mount Silberhorn is the fifth highest mountain in New Zealand rising to 3303 m (10836 ft). It is located in the Southern Alps along one of the ridges leading to Mount Tasman.
 The Kenai River called Kahtnu in the Dena'ina language is a river in the Kenai Peninsula of south central Alaska. It runs 82 miles (132 km) westward from Kenai Lake in the Kenai Mountains through the Kenai National Wildlife Refuge and Skilak Lake to its outlet into the Cook Inlet of the Pacific Ocean near Kenai and Soldotna Alaska.
 Frankton Junction (grid reference SJ369318) is the name of the canal junction where the Montgomery Canal terminates and meets the Llangollen Canal at Lower Frankton Shropshire England.
 The Šventoji River (About this sound pronunciation ; literally: The Holy One) is the longest river that flows entirely within Lithuania and the largest tributary of the Neris River. It originates from the Lake Samanis in the Gražutė Regional Park and flows into Neris near Jonava. The longest tributary of the Šventoji is the Širvinta River.The Šventoji passes through the cities of Anykščiai Kavarskas and Ukmergė.
 The Mehadica River is a tributary of the Belareca River in Romania.
 The Valea Cărbunelui River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 The Jacaré-Guaçu River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Chalonge is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southwest of the larger crater Lewis in the outer skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin. To the southeast are the Montes Cordillera a ring of mountains that encircle the Mare Orientale formation.This is a circular crater with a sharp-edged outer rim that is not appreciably eroded. The inner walls slope directly down to a ring of slumped material that encircles the interior floor.
 The Ratti Gali Lake is located in Neelam Valley Azad Kashmir Pakistan at the altitude of 12130 feet (3700 m). The lake is accessible from Dowarian by a 19 kilometers (12 mi) hiking trek. Dowarian is the base camp to this lake.
 The Filiaș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 Puka Mayu (Quechua puka red mayu river red river) is a Bolivian river in the Potosí Department Nor Lípez Province Colcha K Municipality. It originates in the Cordillera de Lípez and empties into the Uyuni salt flat. The mouth lies west and south west of the town Uyuni and north east of the mouth of the Río Grande de Lípez.
 Loloru is a pyroclastic shield volcano located in the southern part of the island of Bougainville Papua New Guinea. The summit consists of two nested calderas with an andesitic lava dome and a crescent-shaped crater lake.
 Wedge Peak is a 9941-foot (3030 m) mountain in the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve. Wedge Peak lies to the northeast of Mount McKinley overlooking Brooks Glacier and Muldrow Glacier. Mount Mather (Alaska) is immediately to the east. The peak was named in 1945 by the U.S. Army Air Force cold weather test expedition..
 Grabinianka (also known as the Czarna) is a river of Poland a tributary of the Wisłoka.
 The Briheni River is a tributary of the Crișul Văratecului River in Romania.
 The Timercea River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
 Rowe Glacier is an alpine glacier in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado. Rowe Glacier is 300 yd (270 m) north of Hagues Peak and is the source of the North Fork Big Thompson River. Rowe Glacier was the first glacier to be identified in Colorado.
 Lower Cramer Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. Sawtooth National Forest trail 154 leads to the lake.Lower Cramer Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Upstream of Lower Cramer Lake are Middle and Upper Cramer Lakes.
 Umbrail Pass (el. 2501 m.) is a high mountain pass on the Swiss-Italian border connecting Santa Maria in Val Müstair with Bormio in the Adda valley. On the Italian side it connects to the Stelvio Pass road. It is currently the highest paved road in Switzerland.
 Pabra is a lake of Estonia.
 Pico do Barbado is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Bahia and the highest in all Northeastern Brazil reaching 2033 metres (6670 ft) above sea level. It is located within the area of the Chapada Diamantina National Park. From Catolés it is possible to reach the peak via a trail.
 Rathbun Lake was constructed and is operated by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Located at Chariton River mile marker 142 approximately 7 miles north of Centerville Iowa in Appanoose County it is one of the largest lakes in Iowa. The lake was constructed to control flooding provide recreation opportunities abate stream pollution fish and wildlife enhancement and maintain minimum stream flow on the Chariton Missouri and Mississippi Rivers.
 The Las Aguilas Mountains are a mountain range in San Benito County California.
 Zbečník stream (also called Maternice or Maternička) flows through the Zbečník (or Maternice) Valley and through the village of Zbečník Hradec Králové Region Czech Republic. It is a tributary of the river Metuje in the town of Hronov. The length of the stream is 4.5 km. The bottom of the creek is rocky and sandy. In winter the creek would freeze. The greatest depth of the creek is about 60 cm.
 The Valea Roșie River is a tributary of the Runcu River in Romania.
 Ganwolsan is a mountain in the city of Ulsan South Korea. It has an elevation of 1083.1 m (3553 ft).
 The Dusia lake is the largest lake in Southern Lithuania Lazdijai district and is part of the Dovinė River basin. Other nearby lakes are Lake Metelys and Lake Obelija.
 The Larkspur Hills are a mountain range in Modoc County California.
 The Viaur is a 168 km long river in south-western France left tributary of the Aveyron River. Its source is in the southern Massif Central north of Millau. It flows generally west through the following départements and towns: Aveyron: Pont-de-Salars Tarn: Pampelonne Tarn-et-Garonne: LaguépieThe Viaur flows into the Aveyron River in Laguépie.Its main tributary is the Céor.
 Saco Bay is a small arcuate embayment of the Gulf of Maine on the Atlantic coast of Maine in the United States. The name derives from a map of the coastline made in 1525 by the Spanish explorer Esteban Gómez.
 The Vlădeț River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Chaot River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Gebidum (also known as Gibidum) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Visperterminen in the canton of Valais. An antenna is located on the summit.
 The Mogami River (最上川 Mogami-gawa) is a river in Yamagata Prefecture Japan.
 The Pârcălabul River is a tributary of the Păscoaia River in Romania.
 Cairn Gorm (Cairngorm) (Gaelic: An Càrn Gorm meaning Blue or Green Hill) is a mountain in the Scottish Highlands overlooking Strathspey and the town of Aviemore. At 1245 metres (4084 ft) it is the sixth highest mountain in the United Kingdom. It has given its name to the whole range although these hills are properly known as Am Monadh Ruadh (the Red Hills) rather than the Cairngorms.
 Lee Creek a partly perennial river of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Laguna de Arani or Laguna de Araré is a lake in the Marbán Province Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 160 m its surface area is 68 km².
 Cerro Mohinora is an extinct volcano that is part of the Sierra Madre Occidental mountain range in the Mexican state of Chihuahua located in the municipality of Guadalupe y Calvo. Cerro Mohinora is the highest point in the state of Chihuahua reaching an elevation of 10827 ft (3300 m) above sea level. The climate of the mountain is extremely cold in the winter and temperate to semi-cold in the summer.
 Hyangnosan is a mountain located in Miryang Gyeongnam Province South Korea. It has an elevation of 979 m (3212 ft).
 Buch is an old worn crater that is located in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon. It lies to the northeast of the large crater Maurolycus and the comparably sized crater Büsching is attached to the northeast rim.The crater rim is slightly elongated in the northeastern direction and forms an egg-shaped depression in the surface. The rim has been eroded by many lesser impacts so that the edge is rounded and worn down and the crater forms only a low depression in the ground.
 Riedholzer Kugel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Passamaquoddy Bay is an inlet of the Bay of Fundy between the U.S. state of Maine and the Canadian province of New Brunswick at the mouth of the St. Croix River. Most of the bay lies within Canada with its western shore bounded by Washington County Maine. The southernmost point is formed by West Quoddy Head on the U.S.
 Trabuco Peak is a 4607-foot (1404 m) summit in the Santa Ana Mountains on the border of Orange and Riverside Counties California about halfway between Rancho Santa Margarita and Lake Elsinore. The mountain sits on the divide between Trabuco Creek (Trabuco Canyon) on the west and the Temescal Creek valley on the east.
 The Vindhya Range (Sanskrit: विन्‍ध्य) is a range of older rounded mountains and hills in the west-central Indian subcontinent which geographically separates the Indian subcontinent into northern India (the Indo-Gangetic plain) and Southern India.
 Pic du Gar is a mountain of the Pyrenees It is located near Saint-Béat Haute-Garonne département in the Comminges natural region. This limestone mountain has an altitude of 1785 metres (5856 ft) above sea level.Despite its relatively low altitude the Pic du Gar like the Pic de Cagire is a well-known summit of the Haute-Garonne. Its imposing silhouette dominates the high valley of the Garonne after flowing from the Val d'Aran.
 The Valea Lei River is a tributary of the Pianu River in Romania.
 The Cahora Bassa lake—in the Portuguese colonial era (until 1974) known as Cabora Bassa from Nyungwe Kahoura-Bassa meaning finish the job—is Africa's fourth-largest artificial lake situated in the Tete Province in Mozambique. In Africa only Lake Volta in Ghana Lake Kariba on the Zambezi upstream of Cahora Bassa and Egypt's Lake Nasser are bigger in terms of surface water.
 Topsail Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. It is located in the community of Westphal northeast of Halifax Harbour.
 The Randen are a small hill range located between the Jura and the Swabian Jura north of the Rhine. Predominantly located in the Swiss canton of Schaffhausen they culminate in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. The Randen are situated north of Schaffhausen and south of Blumberg.The highest hill is the Hoher Randen (930 m). Other important summits are the Hagen (912 m) the Lang Randen (900 m) and the Schlossranden (896 m).
 Lake Maraetai is one of several artificial lakes formed as part of a hydroelectricity scheme on the Waikato River in the North Island of New Zealand. It is located 85 kilometres southeast of Hamilton close to the town of Mangakino.It is a relatively small lake covering only 4.4 km² but it is 75 metres deep at some points and the powerhouse at its northern end generates 360 MW of power.
 The Pilot Range is located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. The Pilot Range extends southeast-northwest about 15 miles (24 km). The highest peak in the range is Mount Cabot with an elevation of 4160 feet (1270 m).
 Mount Maru (丸山 Maru-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. It is part of the Mount Maru Park (丸山公園 Maru-yama Kōen) in Hiroo Hokkaido.
 Lake Lesina (Italian:Lago di Lesina or Laguna di Lesina) situated in the north of Puglia between Tavoliere delle Puglie and the promontory of Gargano is the ninth largest lake in Italy and the second of the southern part of the country. It is about 22 km long an average of 2.4 km wide and covers an area of 51.4 km².Two canals Acquarotta and Schiapparo link it to the Adriatic Sea from which it is separated by a dune known as Bosco Isola between 1 and 2 km in width and 16 km in length.
 The Pescaru River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Mount Kaputar (1508 metres) is a mountain near Narrabri in northern New South Wales. It is part of the Nandewar Range and has been preserved within the Mount Kaputar National Park. The mountain is a prominent landmark for travellers on the Newell Highway as it rises abruptly from the plains. It is claimed that on a clear day roughly one seventh of New South Wales is visible from the top of the mountain. In the cold of winter the mountain may receive a light dusting of snow.
 The Lom River is a tributary of the Cârligătura River in Romania.
 Havdalsvatnet (Southern Sami: Haavhtere) is a lake in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The 8.12-square-kilometre (3.14 sq mi) lake lies in the northern part of the municipality just south of the large lake Tunnsjøen. The village of Tunnjø senter lies about 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) east of the lake and Skorovatn (in Namsskogan) lies about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) to the west.
 The Okari River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. The river flows northwest from its sources at the northern end of the Paparoa Range crossing the swampy terrain of Addisons Flat to reach the Tasman Sea eight kilometres south of Cape Foulwind.
 Lomonosov is a lunar crater that is located just behind the western limb of the Moon. It is almost attached to the east-northeastern outer rim of the larger crater Joliot and overlies the southern rim of Maxwell. Attached to the southern rim of Lomonosov is the smaller Edison.The interior floor of Lomonosov has been resurfaced with lava flows leaving a dark level surface marked only by a few tiny craterlets and some streaks of ray material from Giordano Bruno.
 North Buck Lake is a lake in Alberta Canada.
 Tarn Hows is an area of the Lake District National Park containing a picturesque tarn approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) northeast of Coniston and about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) northwest of Hawkshead.
 The Lemberg is a mountain located in the Tuttlingen district of Baden-Württemberg Germany. The mountain is the highest point of the Swabian Jura (German: Schwäbische Alb). It is one of the 10 Thousanders—ten 1000-metre-high summits of the region. On the peak of the mountain is a 30-m-high tower which reaching above the surrounding trees offers a beautiful prospect in clear weather as far as the Alps.
 Khan Höhii (Mongolian: Хан хөхий lit. khan the blueish) is a mountain of the Uvs Province in Mongolia. It has elevation of 2928 metres (9606 ft).
 The Bistra River ( Hungarian: Bisztra-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Cofu Valea din Mijloc and Stega
 The Dofteana River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Sadul lui Sân River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 The Millicoma River is a coast stream about 8.5 miles (13.7 km) long east of Coos Bay in the U.S. state of Oregon. Formed by the confluence of the East Fork Millicoma River and the West Fork Millicoma River at Allegany it meanders across relatively flat land to meet the South Fork Coos River with which it forms the Coos River.Oregon Route 241 (Coos River Highway) runs along the right bank of the river from Allegany to the mouth.
 The Gletscherhorn (3983 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It forms the eastern edge of the Lauterbrunnen Wall south of the Jungfrau.
 The Leycester Creek a perennial stream of the Richmond River catchment is located in Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales Australia.
 Ajajú River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 The Muqui River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Sauk Lake is a small freshwater lake located in Cook County Illinois between the municipalities of Park Forest Illinois and Chicago Heights Illinois. It is an enlarged portion of Thorn Creek created by a dam on the south side of 26th Street which borders the lake to the north. It is surrounded by steep sandy bluffs on the east and west sides. It lies within the Sauk Trail Woods Forest Preserve.
 Snåsavatnet (English: Snåsa lake) is Norway's 6th largest lake with an area of approximately 120 square kilometres (46 sq mi). The surface is only 24 metres (79 ft) above sea level. Snåsavatnet is located in the municipalities of Steinkjer and Snåsa in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The villages of Følling and Sunnan lie at the southwestern end of the lake and the village of Snåsa lies at the northeastern end of the lake.
 The Andreneasa Creek ( in Hungarian: Andrenyásza-patak ) is a right tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Lake Tairutu is a lake in the Far North District of Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Quinnipiac River is a river in the New England region of the United States located entirely in the state of Connecticut.It rises in west central Connecticut from Dead Wood Swamp west of the city of New Britain.
 Piz Sella is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies between Piz Glüschaint and Piz Roseg south of the Roseg Glacier.
 The river Jalón (Latin: Salo) is located in the northeast of Spain and is one of the principal tributaries of the Ebro. It has a length of 224 kilometres (139 mi) and drains a watershed of 9338 square kilometres (3605 sq mi). The flow rate in Calatayud is 20.8 cubic metres per second (730 cu ft/s) but is highly irregular due to the great range of Mediterranean rainfall patterns.The course of the river forms the main communication route between the Castilian Plateau and the Ebro.
 The Duda River is a tributary of the Pruteț River in Romania.
 Tolmachev Dol (Russian: Толмачев Дол) (Tolmachev Plateau) is a volcanic highland located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia northeast of Opala volcano. The cones and lava fields cover a broad area around Lake Tolmachev.
 The Waikura River is a river of the northern Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows initially northwest before turning southwest to reach the Raukokore River 25 kilometres east of Te Kaha.
 Lost Trail Pass is a mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of the United States on the border of Idaho and Montana in the Bitterroot Mountains. The pass is at an elevation of 7014 feet (2138 m) above sea level and is traversed by U.S. Highway 93.
 The Valea Pordei River or Pârâul Parde (Hungarian: Párdépatak) is a tributary of the Arieș River in Romania.
 Great Douk Cave is a shallow cave system lying beneath the limestone bench of Ingleborough in Chapel-le-Dale North Yorkshire England. It is popular with beginners and escorted groups as it offers straightforward caving and it is possible to follow the cave from where a stream emerges at a small waterfall to a second entrance close to where it sinks 600 yards (549 m) further up the hill. It is a part of the Ingleborough Site of Special Scientific Interest.
 Saraavesi is a medium-sized lake in Laukaa Finland. It flows to lake Leppävesi via Kuhankoski rapids. The lake is part of Keitele Canal a waterway connecting Lake Keitele and Päijänne. Saraakallio rock paintings are located on the shore of Saraavesi.Several parts of the lake are included to the Natura 2000 protection program. There are a shallow lake Peukaloinen Saraakallio rocks eskers Tarvaalanvirta and Kuusaankoski rapids and some cultural heritage places.
 The Kinangop Plateau is a region in Kenya that lies between the Kenyan Rift Valley to the west and the Aberdare Range to the east. It takes its name from Kinangop Mountain which rises in the Aberdares to the east.
 Lewis Brook is a tributary of the Stony Brook in Mercer County New Jersey in the United States.
 Piz Schumbraida is a mountain of the Ortler Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies east of Piz Tea Fondada.
 The Bilca River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Hahneberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Okalewka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Skrwa Prawa.
 Uentrop (Lenne) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Palisade Glacier is located on the northeast side of the Palisades within the John Muir Wilderness in the central Sierra Nevada of California. The glacier descends from the flanks of four mountain peaks over 14000 ft (4300 m) in elevation of which North Palisade (14242 ft (4341 m)) is third highest peak in the Sierra Nevada Range.The cirque containing the Palisade Glacier has a history of thousands of years of glaciation.
 The Fallenbacherspitze (also: Fallenbacher Spitze Fallenbacher-Spitze) in the Austrian state of Tyrol is a 2723-metre-high rock summit in the Lechtal Alps. Due to its remoteness and lack of signed routes the mountain is not climbed very often.
 The Râul Poștei is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Aita River (Hungarian: Ajta-patak) is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Yass River a perennial river that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Southern Tablelands and South Western Slopes districts of New South Wales Australia.
 The Širvinta is a river in Lithuania. Stretching for 129 km it is the longest tributary of the Šventoji River. Its source is in the hinterlands of the Širvintos district. After it passes through the city of Širvintos where a low head dam has been built it continues through the Ukmergė district and borders the Jonava district.
 Yellow Creek is a 24.7-mile-long (39.8 km) tributary of the White River in Rio Blanco County Colorado.
 The Valea Pleșei River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Pasquatchai River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Kenora District Northwestern Ontario and Census Division No. 23 Northern Region Manitoba Canada.
 Stetson is the remains of a crater on the far side of the Moon. The northeastern part of the rim of Stetson has been overlain by the larger crater Blackett. Lying across the eastern rim is a double-crater formation consisting of the satellites Stetson E and Stetson G. There are also small craters along the southeast and northwestern rims.Only the portion of the rim from the west-northwest counter-clockwise to the south is still relatively intact.
 Vita River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Valea Căcurelelor River is a tributary of the Râul Căldărilor in Romania.
 The Tricova River is a tributary of the Ibăneasa River in Romania.
 The Borlova River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Steinhuder Meer or Lake Steinhude is a lake in Lower Saxony Germany located 30 kilometres (19 mi) northwest of Hanover. It is named after the nearby village of Steinhude. It has an area of about 30 square kilometres (12 sq mi) making it the largest lake of northwestern Germany but it is very shallow with an average depth of only 1.35 metres (4.4 ft) and a maximum depth of less than 3 metres (9.8 ft). It lies within a region known as the Hanoverian Moor Geest.
 George Peak at 9601 feet (2926 m) above sea level is the second highest peak in the Raft River Mountains of Utah. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest and Box Elder County. It is located 6.2 mi (10.0 km) west of Bull Mountain and can be accessed via forest road 009 which travels near the summit.
 The Kamen (Russian: Камень) is the highest mountain (1701 m) in the Putorana Plateau Russia.
 Garn Fadryn is a five-hectare Iron Age hill fort and is the name of the hill on which the fort is situated. It lies in the centre of the Llŷn Peninsula Gwynedd and overlooks Garnfadryn village in Wales (United Kingdom).There seems to be two phases of ancient hillfort building on Garn Fadryn followed by a medieval fortification of the summit.
 The Zăvoaiele River is a tributary of the Mija Mare River in Romania.
 Yövesi is a sub-lake of the lake Saimaa in Eastern Finland. It is located in Mikkeli municipality in the Southern Savonia region. Part of the Saimaa lake system it borders on the system of Pihlajavesi to the east. The deepest point of the whole Saimaa is in Yövesi in Käenniemenselkä open area. The Astuvansalmi rock paintings are situated in the northern shore of Yövesi.The critically endangered fish Artic Char lives in Yövesi. Fishing of Artic Char is totally prohibited.
 Noyes Mountain is a mountain located in Maine near the town of South Paris. It is named after George Lorenzo Noyes who built and operated Harvard Quarry located nearby.Noyes Mountain stands within the watershed of the Little Androscoggin River which drains into the Androscoggin River and thence into Merrymeeting Bay in the Kennebec River estuary. The east and south sides of Noyes Mtn. drain into Pennesseewassee Lake and thence into Pennesseewassee Stream and the Little Androscoggin River.
 Rabbit Lake is a small lake in Parry Sound District in Central Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin lies in geographic Wilson Township and is within Island Lake Forest and Barrens Conservation Reserve. The lake exits at the southwest via an unnamed creek then flows via the Still River to Byng Inlet on Georgian Bay Lake Huron.
 The Ngiri River (or Giri River) is a tributary of the Ubangi River that flows southward through the Sud-Ubangi District of Équateur province Democratic Republic of the Congo.The Ngiri originates near the town of Kungu in Kungu Territory.It forms the boundary between this territory and the Budjala Territory to the east and then the boundary with the Bomongo Territory to the south.It then flows south through Bomongo Territory past the town of Bomongo on its right bank entering the Ubangi further south.The Ngiri River flows from north to south through the center of the Ngiri Reserve before joining the Ubangi. 
 The Bare Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located south of the Red Deer River valley in Banff National Park Canada. The range is named for the bareness of the gentle slopes of the range namely the lack of trees.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 San Juanico Strait (Filipino:Kipot ng San Juanico) is a narrow strait in the Philippines. It separates the islands of Samar and Leyte and connects the Carigara Bay (Samar Sea) with the San Pedro Bay (Leyte Gulf). It is about 38 kilometres (24 mi) long and at its narrowest point the strait is only 2 kilometers (1.2 mi) wide said to be the narrowest strait in the world.It is crossed by the San Juanico Bridge.
 Vacha Reservoir (Bulgarian: Въча язовир; before 1999: Antonivanovtsi Reservoir) is a body of water associated with a dam in Devin Municipality south Bulgaria. It is part of the Vacha Cascade Joint Implementation Project involving three more dams and four power stations. The two other existing dams on the Vacha River are the Kamak Dam and the Tsankov Dam; the Krichim Dam is in the implementation stage.Completed on 5 November 1975 the Vacha Dam is situated 680 metres (2230 ft) above sea level.
 Kyauk (Bashkir: КияукTatar: Қыйаwық) - river in Ishimbaysky District.On the shore near were found skeletal remains of a mammoth - teeth and tusks up to five feet and other parts.
 Crestone Peak is the seventh highest peak in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is the second highest peak in the Sangre de Cristo Range after Blanca Peak. Crestone Peak rises 7000 ft above the east side of the San Luis Valley along the boundary between Saguache and Custer counties approximately 5 miles (8 km) east of the town of Crestone. It shares its name with the nearby Crestone Needle another fourteener of the Sangre de Cristo Range.
 Gomal River (Urdu: دریائے گومل‎ Pashto: ګومل سیند، ګومل دریاب‎ Sanskrit: गोमती((SARAIKI daryae gumal)) is a river in Afghanistan and Pakistan. The Gomal River's headwaters are located south-east of Ghazni. The springs which form the headwaters of the Gomal's main branch emerge above the fort at Babakarkol in Katawaz a district inhabited by Ghilzai Pashtuns from the Kharoti and Suleiman Khel clans in Paktika Province.
 The Kunlun Mountains (simplified Chinese: 昆仑山; traditional Chinese: 崑崙山; pinyin: Kūnlún Shān; Wade–Giles: K'un1-lun2 Shan1 pronounced [kʰu̯ə́nlu̯ə̌n ʂán]; Mongolian: Хөндлөн Уулс Hundlun) are one of the longest mountain chains in Asia extending more than 3000 km.
 Coleridge is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 110 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Coleridge is named for the English poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge who lived from 1772 to 1834.
 Sulafjorden is a fjord (more accurately a sound) in Sula Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located on the border of Sula Municipality and Hareid Municipality. The great Storfjorden flows out into the Sulafjorden which then flows out into the Breidsundet sound and on into the ocean. The 9-kilometre (5.6 mi) long fjord is about 4 to 5 kilometres (2.5 to 3.1 mi) wide and it reaches a maximum depth of 445 metres (1460 ft) below sea level.
 The Lara River is a river of Panama.
 The Leste River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Bistra Boului River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Flood Entrance Pot (sometimes known as Flood Exit Pot) is one of the entrances to the Gaping Gill cave system located about 300 metres (330 yd) south of Gaping Gill Main Shaft. It was the first alternative entrance into the main system to be explored and it is now a popular entrance into the system with a fine 38-metre (125 ft) pitch landing in Gaping Gill's South-East Passage.
 Mount Hopkins is a mountain in Santa Cruz County Arizona part of the Santa Rita Mountains range. Fred Lawrence Whipple Observatory is located on it. It is within the Coronado National Forest and was named after Gilbert Hopkins who was killed nearby in 1865 during the Battle of Fort Buchanan.The prime mover was Fred Whipple a professor at Harvard University who was in charge of the small 25 in mirror telescope in Cambridge Massachusetts.
 Große Schmalenau is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Ahklun Mountains are located in the northeast section of the Togiak National Wildlife Refuge in southwest Alaska. They extend southwest from the Kanektok and Narogurum Rivers to Hagemeister Strait and Kuskokwim Bay and support the only existing glaciers in western Alaska. They are the highest Alaskan mountain range west of the Alaska Range and north of the Alaska Peninsula: some summits in the range are more than 4900 feet (1500 m) high and have many glaciers.
 Pollack Crater is an impact crater in the Sinus Sabaeus quadrangle of Mars located at 7.9° S and 334.8° W. It is 96.0 km in diameter and was named after James B. Pollack an American physicist (1938–1994). Pollack Crater contains a large light toned deposit that was once thought to be a salt deposit. It is not really that light the surrounding rocks are exceptionally dark and that makes this deposit appear white.
 Sägistalsee is a lake in Canton of Berne Switzerland. Its surface area is 7 ha. The lake's sediments were studied to determine past climate and human activities.
 Lantern Pike is a hill located just outside Hayfield in Derbyshire England. The land lies within the Peak District National Park and is owned and maintained by the National Trust. It is permanently open to the public.
 The Black Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert in northwestern San Bernardino County California.They are a continuation of the Black Hills (Kern County).
 The Kamiesberg or Kamiesberge (Khoikhoi Th'amies = jumble) is a mountain range of jumbled granite inselbergs or bornhardts dotted over sandy plains and centered around Kamieskroon in Namaqualand in South Africa. This range is very like the Matopos of Zimbabwe in appearance.
 The Teviot River is a river in New Zealand a tributary of the Clutha River.
 Endenicher Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Mungo River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. The major source of the Hokitika River it flows generally west from the Southern Alps becoming the Hokitika River at the point where it turns north as it flows through a gap in the Diedrich Range. The Hokitika Saddle separates the headwaters of the Mungo from those of the Rakaia River system which flows to the island's east coast.
 Sitaq (Quechua hispanicized spelling Citac) is a mountain in the Chunta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5304 metres (17402 ft) high. It is located in the Huancavelica Region Huancavelica Province on the border of the districts Acobambilla and Nuevo Occoro. The ridge of Sitaq formed like a semicircle lies west of the lake Tipiqucha.
 Karymsky Lake is a crater lake located in the Karymsky volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.With a radius of 5 km it was once one of the world's largest fresh water lakes but as a result of a recent eruption toxic gases turned this into one of the largest acid water lakes.
 Heller (Sieg) is a river in Hesse Germany.
 The Saint Marys River is an 8.4-mile-long (13.5 km) tributary of the South River in Augusta County in the U.S. state of Virginia. By the South and Maury rivers it is part of the James River watershed.The river flows through the Blue Ridge Mountains rising north of the Blue Ridge Parkway near the highlands known as Big Levels and flows west to the South River near the village of Steeles Tavern.
 Lake Guerlédan is an artificial lake in the centre of Brittany France. It extends across the borders of the departments of Morbihan and Côtes-d'Armor within the communes of Saint-Aignan Morbihan and Mûr-de-Bretagne. At an elevation of 121 m its surface area is 4 km². Lake Guerlédan is the largest artificial lake in Brittany.This Lake was created to power the dam of Guerlédan.
 The Valea Vadului River is a river in Romania tributary of the Black Sea.
 Hasselkopf is a mountain on the southern periphery of Braunlage Germany. It is 612 m high.The hill is mostly covered in grass and undeveloped but its northern slope has a short ski lift and can be used for downhill skiing in the winter months.On 1964-05-07 the hill was used by Gerhard Zucker to demonstrate the use of mail rockets. One exploded in an accident killing three.
 Kuhbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Seal Cove Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The River Stour (/ˈstʊər/ STOOR or /ˈstaʊr/ STOWR) is a river in East Anglia England. It is 47 miles (76 km) long and forms most of the county boundary between Suffolk to the north and Essex to the south. It rises in eastern Cambridgeshire passes to the east of Haverhill through Cavendish Bures Sudbury Nayland Stratford St Mary Dedham and flows through the Dedham Vale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
 Fockeberg is a Schuttberg in the south of Leipzig Saxony southeastern Germany and is actually a pile of rubble left over from the bombing during World War II.
 Crane Prairie Reservoir is a man-made lake located about 42 miles (68 km) southwest of Bend in Deschutes County Oregon United States. The reservoir is named for the cranes that thrive in its habitat and for the upper Deschutes River prairie that once covered the area before the dam on the Deschutes was constructed in 1922. Eighteen years later in 1940 the dam was rebuilt by the Bureau of Reclamation. The reservoir now serves as one of Oregon's largest rainbow trout fisheries.
 Waca Lake is a backcountry lake in the Desolation Wilderness in the Sierra Nevada mountain range of California. It lies just south of Lake Aloha.
 The Taubenkogel is a 2301 m high peak in the Dachstein Mountains of Upper Austria northeast of the Hallstätter Glacier. It may be reached from the summit station of the Dachstein Cable Car on the Gjaidalm or from the Simony Hut.In good weather there is a fine view from the summit of the Hoher Dachstein the Gjaidstein and the Hallstätter Glacier.
 Wood Canyon Creek is a small stream in Aliso and Wood Canyons Regional Park which is located in Orange County in the U.S. state of California. A tributary of Aliso Creek it drains a notable valley bounded on the east side by Aliso Viejo.Located in an area rich in archaeological sites the creek area was settled by the Acjachemen tribe hundreds of years ago. Spanish conquistadors arrived in the mid-18th century establishing missions and a rancho that extended around the Aliso Creek watershed.
 Bly Mountain Pass (el. 5087 ft.) is a mountain pass in Oregon traversed by Oregon Route 140.
 The Jefferson River is a tributary of the Missouri River approximately 83 miles (134 km) long in the U.S. state of Montana. The Jefferson River and the Madison River form the official beginning of the Missouri at Missouri Headwaters State Park near Three Forks.
 The Corno Campascio (also known as Corno delle Ruzze) is a mountain of the Bernina Range (Alps) located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies between the Val Malenco and the Val Poschiavo. The closest locality is Poschiavo on the east side.
 The Capivara River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Kaisersee is a lake in Augsburg Schwaben Bavaria Germany. Its surface area is 4 ha.
 Welplagebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Oberer Wehrbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Halasău River is a tributary of the Valea Nouă River in Romania.
 Lake Manguao is a lake located in the northernmost region of the island of Palawan in the Philippines. It harbors several endemic species of fish such as the goby Oxyeleotris expatria.
 Lady Bird Lake (formerly Town Lake) is a reservoir on the Colorado River in Downtown Austin Texas in the United States. It was created in 1960 by the construction of Longhorn Dam and is owned and operated by the City of Austin and the Lower Colorado River Authority. The surface area of the lake is 416 acres (168 ha) and it is used primarily for flood control and recreation.
 The Plott Balsams are a mountain range in western North Carolina in the southeastern United States. They are part of the Blue Ridge Mountain Province of the Southern Appalachian Mountains. The Plott Balsams stretch from the city of Sylva in the Tuckasegee River valley to the southwest to Maggie Valley in the northeast. The Great Smoky Mountains border the Plott Balsams to the north and the Great Balsam Mountains border the range to the south.
 Rahe is a crater on the planet Mars in the Tharsis quadrangle positioned at 25.05° north latitude and 262.52° east longitude between the volcanoes Ceraunius Tholus and Uranius Tholus. It is named after Jurgen H. Rahe (1940-1997) a German-American astronomer and NASA science program director. The crater has an elongated shape measuring 35 km by 18 km and is the result of an oblique impact.
 The Sun Kosi (Nepali: सुनकोशी; Chinese: 桑科西; pinyin: Sāng Kēxī) or Matsang Tsangpo (Tibetan: མ་གཙང་གཙང་པོ། Wylie: ma gtsang gtsang po Chinese: 麻章藏布; pinyin: Mázhāng Zàngbù) is a trans-boundary river and is part of the Koshi or Sapta Koshi river system in Nepal. It originates in Tibet Autonomous Region of China.
 Debelo brdo (Serbian Cyrillic: Дебело брдо) is a mountain in western Serbia near the city of Valjevo. Its highest peak Vinčine vode has an elevation of 1094 m (3589 ft) above sea level. Through Debelo brdo passes main road of the first state order which connect Belgrade with Bosnia.
 The Shamkir reservoir (Azerbaijani: Şəmkir su anbarı) is a large lake in the Shamkir Rayon of northwestern Azerbaijan. It is thesecond largest reservoir in the Caucasus after the Mingachevir reservoir.
 Rock Creek is an 82-mile (132 km) tributary of the John Day River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The source of the creek is at an elevation of 4351 feet (1326 m) in the Umatilla National Forest while the mouth is at an elevation of 404 feet (123 m) east of Wasco. Rock Creek has a 507-square-mile (1310 km2) watershed.
 Kiowa Creek is a river in Texas.
 Suitilla or Suj Tilla West is a Himalayan peak located on the eastern side of Uttarakhand state in Pithoragarh District of India. The peak is located above the junction of Kalabaland Sankalp and Yankchar glaciers. Ralam Dhura pass is situated to the south of this peak which connects Ralam valley to Darma valley.This peak is characterised by steep ice-flutings and sharp ridges so named as Peak of needles.
 The Forquilha River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Kellerberg (Forchheim) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Beinn Bhreac is a twin-peaked Scottish mountain located above Glen Derry in the Cairngorm Mountains approximately 11 kilometres (7 mi) north-west of Braemar.
 Bayer is a lunar impact crater located in the southwest section of the moon to the east of the crater Schiller. The rim of Bayer is slightly worn by erosion but remains well-defined. There is an inner terrace but the outer wall is intruded upon by nearby impacts. The most significant of these is Schiller H which forms a ridge attached to the northwest rim of Bayer. The floor of Bayer is relatively flat and lacks a central peak.
 The Indian River is river in Renfrew County and Nipissing District in Eastern and Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin and is a left tributary of the Muskrat River.
 Panna Tal also known as Garuda Tal is one of the seven lakes of Sat Tal in Uttarakhand India.
 Tomle is a top of Cadair Berwyn in north east Wales. It is the highest of the summits found on the most easterly of Cadair Berwyn's long south ridges.Tomle's summit is boggy and unmarked. To the north the ridge continues up to Cadair Berwyn North Top. The Craig Berwyn face starting on the west side of the ridge. To the south lies Foel Wen Foel Wen South Top and Mynydd Tarw.
 The Vâlta River is a tributary of the Coșna River in Romania.
 The Tekapo River flows occasionally through the Mackenzie Basin Canterbury in New Zealand's South Island although the riverbed is now often dry in the upper reaches it maintains a constant flow below the confluence of several tributaries notably the Merryburn Forks and Greys streams.
 Anapji or Anap Pond is an artificial pond in Gyeongju National Park South Korea. It was part of the palace complex of ancient Silla (57 BCE - 935 CE). It was constructed by order of King Munmu in 674 CE. The pond is situated at the northeast edge of the Banwolseong palace site in central Gyeongju. It is an oval shape; 200m from east to west and 180m from north to south. It contains three small islands.
 The Merume River is a river of Guyana a tributary of the Kamarang River.
 The Bârzăvița River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
 Gasan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 901.6 metres
 The Großer Beil is a 2309 m AA high mountain at the head of the Wildschönau valley in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It belongs to the Kitzbühel Alps and is the highest summit on the ridge that separates the Wildschönau from the neighbouring valley of the Alpbach to the west. Around 500 metres north is the 2189 m high Seekopf and a further 500 metres beyond that is the Kleine Beil at 2197 m. The next mountain to the south is the 2216 m high Gressenstein.
 The Homorodul Vechi River or Homorod River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 The Surubiu River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Rappensee is mountain lake in the bavarian part of the Allgäu Alps. The lake is located below the Rappenseekopf near the small settlement Einödsbach.
 The Râșnoava River or Valea Râșnoavei River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Lake Macdonald is situated 6 km from Cooroy on Queensland's Sunshine Coast. The construction of Six Mile Creek Dam for town water in 1965 created Lake MacDonald. It has a surface area of 260 ha an average depth of 6 metres.
 The Adelbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Rohne (Helme) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Grändalssjön (Swedish for Lake of Grändalen) is a small lake in Tyresö Municipality south-east of central Stockholm Sweden.Grändalssjön one of the lakes within the Tyresån Lake System empties in its eastern end into a southbound bay of lake Albysjön located north of it. Immediately north of Grändalssjön is the Raksta open-air area and Övre kärret (Upper Swamp) a swampy lake is located west of the lake.
 The Halifax River is part of the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway located in northeast Volusia County Florida. The waterway was originally known as the North Mosquito River but was renamed after George Montagu-Dunk 2nd Earl of Halifax during the British occupation of Florida (1763–1784).
 The Abaucán is a river in Argentina which flows through the provinces of Catamarca and La Rioja areas with very low precipitation.It begins in the north of the Tinogasta Department of Catamarca Province at the confluence of several rivers created by the melting of snow and precipitation in the high Andean peaks such as the volcano Nevado Incahuasi (6638 meters) Cerro El Muerto (6488 metres) and Cerro Negro of Laguna Verde (5764 metres) which dominates in addition the basin of Salina of Laguna Verde. 
 Lake Ter is a small lake at Le Lieu in the Vallée de Joux of the canton of Vaud Switzerland.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Larsen Sound is an Arctic waterway in the Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada.It is located south of Prince of Wales Island west of the Boothia Peninsula north of King William Island and east of Gateshead Island. To the west and north-west the sound opens into the M'Clintock Channel to the north-east it opens into Peel Sound to the south-east into James Ross Strait and to the south-west into Victoria Strait.
 Crystal Creek is a picturesque creek that runs for 17.5 km beginning just below Paluma Queensland flowing through the township of Mutarnee and emptying into the Coral Sea. It forms part of the Paluma Range National Park and is known for its division into two popular tourist destinations namely Little Crystal Creek and Big Crystal Creek.Little Crystal Creek is situated approximately two thirds of the way along Mt Spec Road heading towards the village of Paluma.
 The Makerikeri River is a river of the north Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from its headwaters 15 kilometres west of Amberley reaching the Ashley River close to Rangiora.
 The Ghilcoș is a tributary of the Cocoş River in Romania.
 The Dickson River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand. It arises near the Dickson Pass in the Southern Alps and flows north-west. It joins the Tuke River and flows into the Mikonui River which exits in the Tasman Sea near Ross.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Bulz River in Romania.
 Yarrowee is a major tributary and catchment of the Barwon River in Victoria Australia. The river's origins are in the hills at Gong Gong and it is notable for passing through the settlement of Ballarat and crossing the City of Ballarat local government area before becoming the Leigh River in the vicinity of Cambrian Hill and Golden Plains Shire.The river is a secondary water supply for the city of Ballarat.
 Lake Magenta is an ephemeral salt lake in the Wheatbelt area of Western Australia.The lake is located 55 kilometres (34 mi) north-east of Jerramungup and 62 kilometres (39 mi) east of Pingrup.The lake is part of the 1080 km2 (420 sq mi) Lake Magenta Nature Reserve as is the bushland to the west of the lake. The area is in relatively pristine condition and contains a rich array of flora and fauna.
 The Black Vir Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Zi i Virit; Serbian: Црн Вир Crn Vir) is a very small mountain lake found in Kosovo. It is located 2350 m (7710 ft) above sea level in the Šar Mountains part of Kosovo. It has a maximum length of 35 m (115 ft) and a maximum width of 20 m (66 ft). The Black Vir Lake like many other lakes close by is surrounded by large rocks.
 Łupków Pass or Lupkov Pass (Polish: Przełęcz Łupkowska Slovak: Lupkovský priesmyk) is a significant mountain pass in the Carpathian mountains on the border between Poland and Slovakia and close to the western border of Ukraine. Its highest point rises 640 m above sea level. It is located just south of the village Łupków in Poland and east of Medzilaborce in Slovakia.
 The Lachine Canal (Canal de Lachine in French) is a canal passing through the southwestern part of the Island of Montreal Quebec Canada running 14.5 kilometres from the Old Port of Montreal to Lake Saint-Louis through the boroughs of Lachine Lasalle and Sud-Ouest. On the land before the canal construction there was a lake named Lac St Pierre . The lake and its rivers can be seen on the maps of Montreal of the years 1700 1744 and on the map titled The isles of Montreal.
 Küchensee is a lake in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 11.6 m its surface area is 0.094 km².
 Les Gavarres or Massís de les Gavarres is a mountain massif in Catalonia Spain. It is part of the Catalan Coastal Range. The highest point is Puig d'Arques 532 m. Other important summits are Mare de Déu dels Àngels (485 m) and Santa Pellaia (353 m).The mountains run broadly north-west South-East in the Costa Brava region. They meet the sea between Castell-Platja d'Aro and Palamós. The range runs as far as Girona.
 Lappalanjärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland in the Kouvola municipality in the region Kymenlaakso. It belongs to the Kymijoki main catchment area.
 Tryon Creek is a 4.85-mile (7.81 km) tributary of the Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of the drainage basin of the Columbia River its watershed covers about 6.5 square miles (16.8 km2) in Multnomah and Clackamas counties. The stream flows southeast from the Tualatin Mountains (West Hills) through the Multnomah Village neighborhood of Portland and the Tryon Creek State Natural Area to the Willamette in the city of Lake Oswego.
 The Dudaș River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Ben More (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn Mhòr meaning great mountain) is the highest mountain and only Munro (mountains in Scotland that reach an elevation of 3000 feet or more) on the Isle of Mull Scotland.It is the highest peak in the Inner Hebrides outwith the Isle of Skye. The mountain is situated in the south of the island above the shores of Loch na Keal.
 Loch Faskally (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Faschoille is a man-made reservoir in Perth and Kinross Scotland 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) northwest of Pitlochry. The loch lies between steeply wooded hills and is approximately 3.2 kilometres (2.0 mi) in length narrowing to around 700 metres (770 yd) wide. The loch is retained by the Pitlochry Dam which was built by Wimpey Construction between 1947 and 1950 as part of the North of Scotland Hydro-Electric Board's Tummel Hydro-Electric Power Scheme.
 The Cocoș River is a tributary of the Agigea branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
 Nevado Tres Cruces is a massif of volcanic origin in the Andes Mountains. It has two main summits Tres Cruces Sur at 6749 m and Tres Cruces Central at 6629 m and a third more minor summit Tres Cruces Norte 6030m. The former marks the border between Argentina and Chile. The usual route of ascent for all peaks is from the Chilean side since the Argentine side is very remote.The massif gives its name to Nevado Tres Cruces National Park in Chile.
 Lac du Moulinet is a lake in Lozère France. At an elevation of 1075 m its surface area is 0.13 km².
 Phaqcha Mayu (Quechua phaqcha waterfall mayu river waterfall river also spelled Pajcha Mayu) is a Bolivian river in the Cochabamba Department Arani Province Vacas Municipality and in the Carrasco Province Pocona Municipality. It originates near Vacas. From the lake Pilawit'u it flows southeast. Downstream south of Pocona it is also known under the name Ch'akiri.
 The Western Cascades is a region of the U.S. state of Oregon that contains many extinct shield volcanoes cinder cones and lava flows.
 Suruga Bay (駿河湾 Suruga-wan) is a bay on the Pacific coast of Honshū in Shizuoka Prefecture Japan. It is situated north of an imaginary line joining Omaezaki Point and Irōzaki Point at the tip of the Izu Peninsula and surrounded by Honshū to the southwest and west and the Izu Peninsula to the east.
 The St. Clair River is a 40.5-mile-long (65.2 km) river in central North America which drains Lake Huron into Lake St Clair forming part of the international boundary between the Canadian province of Ontario and the U.S. state of Michigan. The river is a significant component in the Great Lakes Waterway with shipping channels permitting cargo vessels to travel between the upper and lower Great Lakes.
 The Río Frío is a river in Puerto Rico.
 The Teresu River is a tributary of the Baia River in Romania.
 Weigelsberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Massive Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located in the southwestern area of the Bow River valley in Banff National Park Canada.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Lake Horowhenua is located in the Horowhenua an area of the southern Manawatu-Wanganui region in New Zealand's North Island. It covers an area of 3.9 square kilometres. The lake also known as Punahou lies on a sandy plain two kilometres to the west of Levin and five kilometres from the coast of the Tasman Sea. It is a shallow lake only some two metres in depth fed by various small streams and is drained by the Hokio Stream.
 Mynydd Tal-y-Mignedd is a peak on the Nantlle Ridge in Snowdonia north Wales. It is located at the center of the ridge and is a subsidiary summit of Trum y Ddysgl.The summit is crowned by a large stone obelisk put up to commemorate Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee. A fine arete links it to its parent Trum y Ddysgl while a col links it to the next summit eastwards along the ridge Craig Cwm Silyn.
 Schutze Lake is a lake in Kenora District in northwestern Ontario Canada. It was named after Luther Schuetze who carved his name on a tamarack tree without the c and e because there was not room for them.The lake is about 4.5 kilometres (2.8 mi) long and 3.9 kilometres (2.4 mi) wide lies at an elevation of 314 metres (1030 ft) and is located about 6 kilometres (4 mi) east of the community of Poplar Hill / Poplar Hill First Nation.
 Pointe du Vallonnet is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3372 metres above sea level.
 White Oak Pond is a 291-acre (1.18 km2) water body in Grafton County in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire in the town of Holderness. Water from White Oak Pond flows north to Squam Lake and is part of the Pemigewasset River watershed.
 Höje River (Swedish: Höje å) is a river in Scania in southern Sweden. It is about 35 km long and flows from the Häckeberga lake in the Lund Municipality and empties into the Øresund.
 The Tălmăcuța River is a tributary of the Lungşoara River in Romania.
 The Poarta River is a tributary of the Turcu River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Urlătoarea Mare and Urlătoarea Mică
 The Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation (S&SY) is a system of navigable inland waterways (canals and canalised rivers) in South Yorkshire and Lincolnshire England.Chiefly based on the River Don it runs for a length of 43 miles (69 km) and has 27 locks.
 Belz Crater is an impact crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 23.93° N and 43.23° W. It is 10.21 km in diameter and was named after the city of Belz Lviv Oblast Ukraine.
 Hamilton Harbour which was once Burlington Bay lies on the western tip of Lake Ontario bounded on the northwest by the City of Burlington on the south by the City of Hamilton and on the east by Hamilton Beach (south of the Burlington Bay James N. Allan Skyway) and Burlington Beach (north of the channel). It is joined to Cootes Paradise by a narrow channel formerly excavated for the Desjardins Canal. Within Hamilton itself it is referred to as Hamilton Harbour the Harbour and the Bay.
 The Tomatlán River is a river of Mexico.
 The Jadar (Serbian Cyrillic: Јадар pronounced [jǎːdar]) is a river in western Serbia 79 km long right tributary of the Drina river. The Jadar also gives the name to the Jadar region of western Serbia. Also the mineral Jadarite is named after the river.
 Kaweka J also known as Mount Kaweka is the highest mountain in the Kaweka Range. Situated in the central North Island of New Zealand it has a total height of 1724 metres (5656 ft).The mountain is the highest point in the Hawke's Bay region.
 Magnetawan Lake (French: lac Magnetawan) is a lake in Nipissing District Ontario Canada. Magnetawan Lake is located just within the boundaries of Algonquin Provincial Park. Being located in the park the lake and its surroundings are protected. Magnetawan Lake also serves as an access point into Algonquin Park with a parking lot located on the shore acting as an entrance point for many canoeists.
 Oberpfuhl is a lake in Uckermark Brandenburg Germany. Its surface area is 0.6965 km². It is located in the town of Lychen.
 East Branch Reservoir formed by impounding the eponymous branch of the Croton River is part of New York City's water supply network. It is located in the Putnam County town of Southeast near the village of Brewster 35 miles (56 km) north of the city.It was placed into service in 1891 and holds 5.2 billion US gallons (20000000 m3) at full capacity.
 Sholes Glacier is located on the northeast slopes of Mount Baker in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier lies on the north side of the ridge known as The Portals. Between 1850 and 1950 Sholes Glacier retreated 3838 ft (1170 m). During a cooler and wetter period from 1950 to 1979 the glacier advanced 187 ft (57 m) but between 1980 and 2006 retreated back 278 ft (85 m).
 The Pointe des Mossettes (2277 m) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps overlooking Les Crosets in the Swiss canton of Valais. The French border runs west of the summit on a straight line although the mountain lies on the main watershed between the Dranse river basin and the Val d'Illiez.The mountain is part of the international ski area Portes du Soleil and its summit can be reached by cable car from Les Crosets or Avoriaz (France).
 The Loch of Harray is the largest loch of Mainland Orkney and is named for the nearby parish of Harray. It lies immediately to the north of the Loch of Stenness and is close to the World Heritage neolithic sites of the Stones of Stenness and Ring of Brodgar. In Old Norse its name was Heraðvatn.
 Mount Yūbari (夕張岳 Yūbari-dake) is a mountain of the Yūbari Mountains. It is located On the border of Minamifurano Yūbari Hokkaidō Japan.
 Boxbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Langspitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 2006 metres (6581 ft).
 The Marrecas River (Santana River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil. The Maracas were invented by a tribe on this river as a means to scare away animals.
 Central Mount Stuart is a mountain peak situated in the southern Northern Territory Australia. It is a prominent landmark easily seen from the nearby Stuart Highway which at closest approach lies about 6 km to the southeast. The dark red sandstone that comprise the peak referred to by geologists as Central Mount Stuart Formation form part of the Georgina Basin. The mountain is named in honour of explorer John McDouall Stuart.
 The Magu River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Călănești River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Ciolpani and Vârtej River
 Miette Hill is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named for Bonhomme Miette a figure in French Canadian folklore.
 The Cat River is a 16.3-mile-long (26.2 km) tributary of the Crow Wing River in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It is part of the Mississippi River drainage basin.
 The Căldări River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Silver Creek is a 45-mile-long (72 km) stream located in the White Mountains of Arizona north of Show Low.
 Mount Charleston officially named Charleston Peak at 11916 feet (3632 m) is the highest of the Spring Mountains of Southern Nevada and the state's eighth highest mountain peak. It is located about 35 miles (56 km) northwest of Las Vegas and is within the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest the Mount Charleston Wilderness and the Spring Mountains National Recreation Area.
 Mjellknapp is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Râncăciov River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 The Nămolești River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Valea Stânișoarei River is a tributary of the Alun River in Romania.
 Lake Mendocino is a large reservoir in Mendocino County California northeast of Ukiah. It covers 1922 acres (7.78 km2) and was formed by the construction of Coyote Valley Dam in 1958. The lake and dam provide flood control water conservation hydroelectric power and recreation.
 River Neath (Welsh: Afon Nedd) is a river in south Wales running south west from its source in the Brecon Beacons National Park to its mouth at Baglan Bay below Briton Ferry on the east side of Swansea Bay.Several minor rivers rise on the southern slopes of Fforest Fawr. These include the Afon Hepste Afon Sychryd Afon Pyrddin Nedd Fechan and Afon Mellte the latter two converging at Pontneddfechan to form the River Neath.
 The Eaglenest Range is a mountain range on the west side of the Spatsizi Plateau in northern British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 2448 km2 and is a subrange of the Interior Mountains which in turn form part of the Pacific Cordillera mountain system.
 Losmina (Russian: Лосьми́на) is the river in Smolensk Oblast Russia a left tributary of the Vazuza River.
 Gose Elbe is a river of Hamburg Germany.It was an anabranch of the Elbe but the inflow closed by a dike in 1390.
 The Murgu River is a tributary of the Râul Doamnei in Romania.
 The Middle Fork South Platte River is a tributary of the South Platte River approximately 50 miles (80 km) long located in central Colorado in the United States. The river provides part of the drainage of South Park the intermontane grassland basin located between the Front Range and the Mosquito Range in the Rocky Mountains southwest of Denver.The river rises in northwestern Park County at the continental divide along the north side of Mount Lincoln just west of Hoosier Pass.
 The Ilidija River (Romanian: Ilidia) is a tributary of the Caraş River. Its source is in Romania. It then crosses the border into Serbia before joining the Caraş River.
 The Zoii River is a tributary of the Sacovăț River in Romania.
 Echo Summit is a mountain pass (also known as Johnson Pass) located in eastern El Dorado County California USA. At an elevation of 7382 ft (2250 m) it is the highest point on U.S. Route 50 in California which traverses it at postmile 66.48 between Twin Bridges and Meyers south of Lake Tahoe.The Sierra Nevada Southern Route (aka the Pioneer Route) of the Lincoln Highway the first road across the United States of America was routed over Echo Summit in 1913.
 The Fotscherbach is a right tributary of the Melach river and has a length of 12.30 km. It originates in the Stubai Alps on a height of 2200 metres. It flows in northern direction to the village of Sellrain where it merges with the Melach. The water has A/B grade quality.
 The Forked Deer River system is the main drainage of the central portion of West Tennessee. Locals pronounce the first word of the river's name with two syllables /ˈfɔrkɨd/.The Forked Deer consists of various streams designated Forked Deer and their tributaries.
 Laguna Portia is a lake in the Iténez Province Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 200 m its surface area is 28 km².
 The Druiu River is a tributary of the Bega Luncanilor River in Romania.
 The Jeffries Range is a mountain range on Bathurst Island Nunavut Canada. It is one of the northernmost mountain ranges in the world which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
 The River Croal is a river located in Greater Manchester England. It is a tributary of the River Irwell.Rising at the confluence of Middle Brook and Deane Church Brook it flows eastwards through Bolton collecting Gilnow Brook and the larger River Tonge at Darcy Lever.
 The Mangahauini River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally south from its origins southwest of Te Puia Springs reaching the Pacific Ocean close to the settlement of Tokomaru Bay.
 Lake Bernhardsthal (also: Bernhardsthaler Teich) is located in the very north east corner of Lower Austria near the border with the Czech Republic. The lake has a size of approximately 0.5 km² and is free for bathing fishing or boating.Its clear jade water is especially beautiful in spring. The Lake can also be reached from Marchegg.
 Einödriegel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Broughton Strait is a strait off the north coast of Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada separating that island from Malcolm and Cormorant Islands on the farther side of which is the larger Queen Charlotte Strait which also lies beyond the western end of Brouhgton Strait and the mouth of Knight Inlet.
 The Rușor River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 Johnston Creek is a tributary of the Bow River in Canada's Rocky Mountains. The creek is located in Banff National Park.
 Gap Mountain located in Troy New Hampshire United States is a small monadnock with three summits ranging between 1820 feet (555 m) and 1900 feet (579 m) above sea level. The lower north and middle summits are mostly bald and offer panoramic views of the surrounding rural landscape and of the higher and more popular Mount Monadnock. The Metacomet-Monadnock Trail passes over the north and middle peaks. The higher southern summit is wooded with no views.
 Arjuno-Welirang is a stratovolcano in the province of East Java on Java Indonesia. It is a twin volcano with the 'twins' being Arjuno and Welirang. There is at least one other stratovolcano in the area and there are around 10 pyroclastic cones nearby. They are located in a 6 km line between Arjuno and Welirang. The Arjuno-Welirang volcanic complex itself lies in the older two volcanoes Mount Ringgit to the east and Mount Linting to the south. The summit lacks vegetation.
 The Sasanoa River is an 8.6-mile-long (13.8 km) tidal channel in the Midcoast region of Maine connecting the Kennebec River with the Sheepscot River.The Sasanoa River has two distinct sections. The western section begins at the Kennebec River opposite the city of Bath and runs east forming the boundary between the towns of Arrowsic and Woolwich and passing through its narrowest channel at Upper Hell Gate.
 Kleine Scheidegg (elevation 2061 m 6762 ft) is a high mountain pass below and between the Eiger and Lauberhorn peaks in the Bernese Oberland Switzerland. It connects Grindelwald with Lauterbrunnen. The name means minor watershed even though it is actually higher than the neighbouring Grosse Scheidegg. Possibly this is because Kleine Scheidegg is a watershed between the two arms of the Lütschinen river while Grosse Scheidegg divides the Lütschinen valleys from the Reichenbach.
 Kanllaqucha (Quechua kanlla kanlli pearlfruit (Margyricarpus pinnatus) qucha lake pearlfruit lake hispanicized spelling Canllacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region Huancavelica Province Acobambilla District. Kanllaqucha lies east of the large lake Warmiqucha and south of the lake Aqchiqucha (Junín Region).
 The Sinni (Latin: Siris or Sinis; Greek: Σῖρις or Σίνις) is a 94 km long river in southern Italy. It flows through the region of Basilicata and into the Ionian Sea near Policoro; in antiquity the city of Siris lay at its mouth.Near the town of Senise a dam on the river was built in 1970-1982 tha largest in Europe built with earth. In correspondence of it it forms the Lake Monte Cotugno one of the largest artificial basins in Italy.
 The Izh (Russian: Иж; Udmurt: Оӵ Otš; Tatar Cyrillic: Иж Latin: İj [iʒ]) is a river in Udmurtia and Tatarstan Russian Federation a right-bank tributary of the Kama River. Its length is 226 km (97 of them in Tatarstan) and its drainage basin is 8478 km². It origins near Malye OshvortsyUdmurtia and falls to the Nizhnekamsk Reservoir Kama River near Golyushurma tract in Agryzsky District Tatarstan.The river's major tributaries are Agryzka Chazh Kyrykmas Varzinka Varzi Rivers.
 The Groapa cu Var is a tributary of the Răcădău river in Romania
 The Băcâia River is a tributary of the Cib River in Romania.
 The Erzen is a river in western Albania. Its source is in the mountains east of Tirana near the village Shëngjergj. It flows west through Bërzhitë Petrelë Vaqarr Ndroq Shijak and Sukth. It flows into the Adriatic Sea near Sukth north of Durrës. Apparently all twenty-two victims of the 1951 massacre were dumped into the river on Enver Hoxha's orders only to later be found wrapped tightly in barbed tape.
 Kircher is a lunar crater that is located in the south-southwestern part of the Moon near the southern limb. In this position the crater appears foreshortened when viewed from the Earth. It is less than one crater diameter due south of the crater Bettinus and is nearly attached to Wilson along the south-southeast rim of Kircher.This crater is distinctive for an interior floor that is level and nearly featureless.
 Lac de Batbielh is a very small lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France located approximately 2 km north of the French–Spanish border within the Pyrénées National Park. At an elevation of 2229 m its surface area is 0.01 km2.
 Lauterbach (Schiltach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Bicău River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Marshall Lake is a small alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. Sawtooth National Forest trail 528 (Alpine Way trail) leads directly to Marshall Lake. The lakes is most easily accessed from the Redfish Lake or Stanley Ranger Station trailheads. Marshall Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 The Valea Drugilor River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 The San Juan (Spanish: Río San Juan) also known as El Desaguadero (the drain) is a 192.06 km (119.7 mi) river that flows east out of Lake Nicaragua into the Caribbean Sea. A large section of the border between Nicaragua and Costa Rica runs on the right (southern) bank of the river. It was part with the lake of a proposed route for a Nicaragua Canal in the 19th century.
 Ipeľ (Slovak) or Ipoly (Hungarian) (German: Eipel archaic Slovak: Jupoľ ) is a 232 km long river in Slovakia and Hungary tributary to the river Danube. Its source is in central Slovakia in the Slovenské rudohorie Mountains. It flows south to the Hungarian border and then southwest west and again south along the border until it flows into the Danube near Szob. Ipeľ flows through or makes border of Banská Bystrica and Nitra regions in Slovakia and Nógrád and Pest counties in Hungary.
 Bogra (Bengali: বগুড়া Bogura) is a northern district of Bangladesh in the Rajshahi Division. It is called the gateway to the north Bengal. It is an industrial city where many small and mid sized industries are housed. Bogra district was a part of the ancient Pundravardhana territory and Bogra was the capital of Pundravardhana[citation needed].
 The Lubefu River is a tributary of the Sankuru River which in turn is a tributary of the Kasai River in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.One of the first Europeans to visit the river was Alexandre Delcommune in 1887 during an epic exploration of navigable rivers in the Congo Basin.An account of a journey through the Kasai River region in 1908 said there were crocodiles in the river but due to the rapid current there were no hippopotami except where the river joins the Sankuru.
 The Valea Săturanului River is a headwater of the Zeldiș River in Romania.
 Charco Redondo Reservoir is a reservoir in Los Barrios province of Cádiz Andalusia Spain.
 Fesenkov Crater is an impact crater in the Lunae Palus quadrangle of Mars. It is located at 21.8° N and 86.7° W. It was named after Vasilii G. Fesenkov a Russian astrophysicist (1889–1972).
 The Coyote Mountains are a small mountain range in San Diego and Imperial counties of southern California. The Coyotes form a narrow ESE trending 2 mi (3.2 km) wide range with a length of about 12 mi (19 km). The southeast end turns and forms a 2 mi (3.2 km) north trending hook. The highest point is Carrizo Mountain on the northeast end with an elevation of 2408 feet (734 m). Mine Peak at the northwest end of the range has an elevation of 1850 ft (560 m).
 Lake Upemba is a lake in Bukama Haut-Lomami District the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It and nearby Lake Kisale is surrounded by the Upemba Depression in Upemba National Park. The nearest town is Nyonga and the nearest hospital is located four hours away in Kikondja.The floating islands in the lake such Mitala Island are also the site of an informal refugee settlement that resulted from the fighting between Mai-Mai rebels and government troops since 2006.
 The Serlui is a river of Mizoram northeastern India. It flows through Kolasib district and is impounded by the Serlui B Dam.
 Ch'aphi Qullu (Aymara ch'aphi thorn qullu mountainthorn mountain hispanicized spelling Chapi Kkollu) is a mountain in the Bolivian Cordillera Occidental situated on the western shore of the Uyuni salt pan. It is approximately 3917 m high reaching a prominence of about 350 m. The mountain is located near the village Canquella in the Potosí Department Daniel Campos Province Llica Municipality.
 Dürrbach (Orla) is a river of Thuringia Germany a tributary of the Orla.
 Kinta River (Malay: Sungai Kinta) is a river in Perak Malaysia. It gives its name to the Kinta Valley which surrounds Ipoh a town on the river. There are many limestone hills in this area and there used to be many tin mines. The probably largest tin field in the world was discovered in 1876 in the Kinta ValleyKinta River is one of the main branches of the Perak River.
 Catstye Cam is a fell in the English Lake District. It is an outlier of Helvellyn in the Eastern Fells.
 Sarton is a lunar impact crater that lies beyond the northwestern limb of the Moon on the far side from the Earth. It is located to the southwest of the crater Coulomb to the north of the walled plain Landau. Nearly attached to the northwestern rim is the smaller Weber.Although roughly circular this is a somewhat oddly shaped crater that is slightly elongated to the south. The western and eastern outer rims are slightly straightened giving the crater a slightly hexagonal form.
 The Spruce River is a 9.9-mile-long (15.9 km) tributary of the Michigamme River on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. Via the Michigamme River and the Menominee River it is a tributary of Lake Michigan.
 Otterbach (Bühler) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Albești River is a tributary of the Cungrea Mică River in Romania.
 Kvænangen (Northern Sami: Návuotna) is a fjord in the municipalities of Kvænangen and Skjervøy in Troms county Norway. The 72-kilometre (45 mi) long fjord stretches from the Norwegian Sea to the village of Kvænangsbotn. The Reisafjorden is a large fjord which branches off the Kvænangen fjord to the west.
 The Meurthe (French pronunciation: ​[mœʁt]) is a river in north-eastern France right tributary to the river Moselle. Its source is in the Vosges mountains near the Col de la Schlucht in the Vosges département.
 Leiße is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ehrenberger Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ward Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island at the headwaters of Ward Creek north of the Sproat Lake.
 Aberdeen Lake is a lake in northeast Mississippi on the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway. Close to Aberdeen it is impounded by the Aberdeen Lock and Dam.
 Arzachel is a relatively young lunar impact crater located in the highlands in the south-central part of the visible Moon close to the zero meridian (the visible center of the Moon). It lies to the south of the crater Alphonsus and together with Ptolemaeus further north the three form a prominent line of craters to the east of Mare Nubium. The smaller Alpetragius lies to the northwest and Thebit is to the southwest along the edge of the mare.
 The Ala Wai Canal is an artificial waterway in Honolulu Hawaii which serves as the northern boundary of the tourist district of Waikīkī. It was created in 1928 for the purpose of draining the rice paddies and swamps which would eventually become the tourist resort area of Waikiki.
 Monte Loffa is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1200 metres.
 Murai Reservoir (Chinese: 慕莱蓄水池; pinyin: Mù lái xù shuǐ chí) is one of the four reservoirs in the Western Water Catchment of Singapore.It was formerly Sungei Murai which was dammed in early 1980s to create a reservoir.It is now part of SAFTI Live Firing Area (North) of which is restricted to civilian military. The Murai Urban Training Facility is east of Murai Reservoir which can be accessed through Jalan Murai from Lim Chu Kang Road.
 Ghiberti is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 123 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Ghiberti is named for the Italian sculptor Lorenzo Ghiberti who lived from 1378 to 1455.
 Hehuanshan (Chinese: 合歡山; pinyin: Héhuān Shān; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ha̍p-hoan-soaⁿ; also called Joy Mountain) is a 3416 metres (11207 ft) high mountain in Central Taiwan. The peak lies on the boundaries of Nantou and Hualien counties and is within the Taroko Gorge National Park. Hehuanshan is a popular destination for the local people of central Taiwan. The 3421-metre East Peak and 3422-metre North Peak of Hehuanshan are actually both higher than the main peak.
 The Clallam River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. The river is over 15.7 miles (25.3 km) long. Nearby and similar rivers include the Pysht River and Hoko River.
 Bear Mountain is a mountain located in Pennington County South Dakota.
 The Ngao River (Thai: น้ำเงา) is a river of Thailand with its source in the Phi Pan Nam Range. It is a tributary of the Yom River part of the Chao Phraya River basin.This river should not be confused with the Ngao River that is a tributary of the Yuam River (แม่น้ำยวม) part of the Salween basin located to the west.
 Toronto Harbour or Toronto Bay is a bay on the north shore of Lake Ontario in Toronto Ontario Canada. It is a natural harbour protected from Lake Ontario waves by the Toronto Islands. It is a commercial port on the Great Lakes as well as a recreational harbour. Waterfront uses include shipping residential recreational and cultural. The Port of Toronto is governed by the Toronto Port Authority.
 Río Matilde is a short river in the municipality of Ponce Puerto Rico. It forms from the confluence of Rio Pastillo and Rio Canas Río Matilde is one of the 14 rivers in the municipality and forming at an altitude of just 15 feet (4.6 m) it forms at an altitude lower than any other river in the municipality.
 The Slatina River is a tributary of the Trebiș River in Romania.
 The Vătavu River is a tributary of the Șomuzul Mare River in Romania.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 Thur is a 131 km (81 mi) long river in north-eastern Switzerland. Its source is near the mountain Säntis in the south-east of the canton of St. Gallen. In this canton it flows through the Toggenburg region and the town Wil. After Wil it flows through the canton of Thurgau and its capital Frauenfeld. The final 19 km (12 mi) of the river Thur are in the canton of Zürich. It flows into the river Rhine on the border with Germany south of Schaffhausen.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The South Fork Rogue River is a 25-mile (40 km) tributary of the Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Rising in the Sky Lakes Wilderness in the Cascade Range it flows generally northeast through the Rogue River – Siskiyou National Forest to meet the Rogue River downstream of Prospect and slightly upstream of Lost Creek Lake.
 Muna (Russian: Муна) is a 45 km long river in the southwestern part on the Kola Peninsula Murmansk Oblast Russia. The Muna is a tributary to the Umba River. Its source is Lake Munozero about 30 km east of Lake Kanozero. From there it flows towards the west following a winding course through a sparsely populated hilly landscape dominated by forests and bogs. A substantial tributary the Inga River flows into the Muna from the north.
 Movatnet is a lake in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The 6.83-square-kilometre (2.64 sq mi) lake lies immediately to the east of the lake Hoklingen and just to the west of the village of Markabygd.
 The Păiușu Mic River is a headwater of the Păiuşu River in Romania.
 The Valea Blondă River is a tributary of the Şugău River in Romania.
 Rundvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the southeastern part of the municipality of Sørfold about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) east of the village of Straumen. The lake Sisovatnet lies immediately west of Rundvatnet; they are connected by the narrow Rundvasstraumen strait.
 The Mogoșanca River is a tributary of the Plapcea Mare River in Romania.
 The Dranse d'Abondance is a small river in the French department of Haute-Savoie a sub-tributary of the Rhône via the Dranse de Morzine and the Dranse.
 The Rivelaunbach (Italian: Rio Rivellone; German: Rivelaunbach) is a stream in South Tyrol Italy.
 Knockboy (An Cnoc Buí in Irish meaning Yellow Mountain) is a 706-metre-high mountain on the border between counties Cork and Kerry in Ireland. It is the highest peak in the Shehy mountain range and the highest mountain in County Cork with its summit shared with County Kerry. It is the 104th highest peak in Ireland.
 Hohlstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 San Lorenzo Lake is a lake in the Beni Department around central Bolivia. East of the city of Trinidad the lake sits at an elevation of 178 m its surface area is 26.2 km².
 Ewaso Ng'iro is a river in Kenya which rises on the west side of Mount Kenya and flows north then east and finally south-east passing through Somalia where it joins the Jubba River.The upper basin of the Ewaso Ng'iro River is 15200-square-kilometre (5900 sq mi). The river has a continuous water supply due to the glaciers on Mount Kenya. It is used for canoeing and has up to grade V rapids.The river's name is derived from the local community's language.
 Lockvattnet is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Canóvanas River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Călmățui River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania. Its source is a few km southwest of Buzău. It flows generally eastwards and flows into the Danube at Berteștii de Jos.
 Lake Fusaro (Italian: Lago di Fusaro) is a lake of the Campania region that is situated west of Naples Italy in the territory of the community of Bacoli. It is about 0.5 miles (0.80 km) from Baia and about 1 mile (1.6 km) south of the acropolis of Cumae. It is separated from the sea by a narrow coastal strip it is a very unusual ecosystem of great interest characterized by a variety of vegetation which is specific to the region.
 Wangnitzsee is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. It is situated in the district of Mecklenburgische Seenplatte. The lake has an elevation of 54.9 metres (180 ft) and a surface area of 1.9 square kilometres (0.73 sq mi). The navigable River Havel briefly flows through the Wangnitzsee both entering and exiting at the west end of the lake.
 The Engano River (Itajaí River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Galbena de Sud River is a headwater of the Berhina River in Romania.
 Stony Clove Creek is a 10.3-mile-long (16.6 km) creek in the Catskill Mountains in New York. It is a tributary of Esopus Creek which in turn is a tributary of the Hudson River. It joins the Esopus in the village of Phoenicia and has two smaller tributaries up north of Phoenicia.The Stony Clove starts near the Stony Clove Notch in Edgewood in Greene County.
 The Valea Tâlharului River is a tributary of the Crăciunu River in Romania.
 The La Nouvelle branch (French: embranchement de La Nouvelle) is a 37.3-kilometre (23.2 mi) lateral branch of the Canal du Midi in Aude south-central France which runs from the Canal du Midi through Narbonne and on to the Mediterranean.
 Gamtoos River or Gamptoos River is a river in the Eastern Cape Province South Africa. It is formed by the confluence of the Kouga River and the Groot River and is approximately 645 km long with a catchment area of 34635 km².
 The Stein (2172 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Obersaxen in the canton of Graubünden. It lies between the main Rhine valley and the Val Lumnezia. A cable car station (2144 m) is located near the summit.
 Lago Piatto (Italian lago lake piatto plate plate lake) is a lake in the Province of Pistoia Tuscany Italy.
 Vivaldi is a crater at 14.5°N 86°W on Mercury. It is 210 km in diameter and was named after Antonio Vivaldi. It has a prominent and nearly continuous inner ring whose diameter measures about half that of the outer ring. Unlike some of the lunar multiringed structures no vestiges of additional rings are apparent around this crater. It is classified as c3 age.
 The Birch River is a 5.1-mile-long (8.2 km) river in Aroostook County Maine in the United States. From the confluence of its North Branch and South Branch (47°01′57″N 68°40′44″W) in the southwest corner of the town of Eagle Lake the river runs southeast to St. Froid Lake in Winterville Plantation. The lake is drained by the Fish River a tributary of the Saint John River.
 The Old River Lea is the former natural channel of the River Lea below Lea Bridge in the London Borough of Hackney. The Old River forms a large meander from the Middlesex Filter Beds Weir to rejoin the main channel of the River Lee Navigation below Old Ford Lock just west of the 2012 Olympic stadium.
 The Turbata River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Maicuru River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Rattlesnake Creek is a tributary 57 miles (92 km) long of Crooked Creek in the U.S. state of Oregon. The creek which is intermittent begins in the desert north of McDermitt in Malheur County. It joins Crooked Creek southeast of the intersection of U.S. Route 95 and Oregon Route 78 at Burns Junction about 15 miles (24 km) from the larger stream's confluence with the Owyhee River.
 Umba (Russian: Умба) is a 123 km long river on the Kola Peninsula Murmansk Oblast Russia.
 Klosterbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Clearwater River is a 147-mile-long (237 km) tributary of the Red Lake River of Minnesota in the United States. Via the Red Lake River the Red River of the North Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the Hudson Bay watershed.
 Rehhübel is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Wangapeka River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It rises in two branches the North Branch and the South Branch in the Matiri Range within Kahurangi National Park meeting some 25 kilometres southeast of Karamea. It flows generally northeast to reach the Motueka River 30 kilometres south of Motueka.The Wangapeka valley was the site of a major goldfield during the late 1860s and is mentioned in some versions of the New Zealand folk song Bright Fine Gold.
 The Mastaunspitze (Italian: Punta di Mastàun) is a mountain in the Saldurkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Frænfjorden is a fjord in Fræna Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The approximately 12-kilometre (7.5 mi) long fjord flows from the village of Malme in the east to the Julsundet strait near the island of Gossa. The villages of Malme Sylte Elnesvågen Aureosen and Tornes are all located along the shores of the fjord. There are many small islands scattered throughout the fjord including the island of Vågøya where Vågøy Church is located.
 Dollarhide Mountain at 9301 feet (2835 m) above sea level is a peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest on the border of Blaine and Camas counties. It is located about 4.2 mi (6.8 km) south of Baker Peak. Forest road 227 travels near the peak over a road pass known as Dollarhide Summit. No roads or trails go to the summit.
 The Sebewaing River is a river in Michigan.
 Besshø (official form on maps: Besshøe) is a mountain in Vågå Oppland Norway and is part of the Jotunheimen mountain range. It lies right above Bessvatnet along the Besseggen hiking trail. On the mountain's north-eastern side a small cirque glacier and is surrounded by a large ice-cored moraine a relatively rare feature in Norway.From Besseggen there is a nice view over Gjende and Bessvatnet. Gjende is about 400 m lower than Bessvatnet.
 Bouder Lake is a 136 acre lake in Cook County Minnesota which is tributary to the Poplar River. Bouder Lake reaches a maximum depth of 17 feet. Bouder is accessible through a navigable channel leading into Crescent Lake. A fisheries survey turned up populations of walleye muskellunge smallmouth bass yellow perch and white suckers.
 Barthe is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Monmouth Creek complex is a volcanic complex in southwestern British Columbia Canada located 4 km (2.5 mi) southwest of the community of Squamish on the west side of the Squamish River mouth.
 The Gran Ega (alternative Ladin name: Ghaidra; German: Gader; Italian: Gadera) is the main river of the Val Badia in South Tyrol Italy. Its name literally translates to great water.
 Osterhout Mountain is a summit located in Wyoming County Pennsylvania. Osterhout is located on the east bank of the Susquehanna River opposite its sister peak Miller Mountain (Wyoming County Pennsylvania). The mountain has communication towers on its summit and rises over the town of Tunkhannock Pennsylvania.
 Pocomoke Sound is a bay of the Chesapeake Bay that forms part of the boundary between the Eastern Shores of Maryland and Virginia. The Pocomoke River is the largest stream feeding into the Sound which is bounded by Somerset County Maryland on the north Worcester County Maryland Accomack County Virginia and Beasley Bay on the east the Chesapeake Bay on the south and Tangier Sound on the west.
 The Lontra River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Monte Igno is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 Lake Bodom (Finnish: Bodominjärvi Swedish: Bodom träsk) is a lake in Finland located on the suburbs of the city of Espoo not far from Helsinki.
 The Carapari River is a river of Argentina.
 The Pârâul Nou or Râul Nou is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Lewotobi is a twin volcano located in the southeastern part of the island of Flores Indonesia. It is composed of the Lewotobi Lakilaki and Lewotobi Perempuan stratovolcanoes.In one of Rudyard Kipling's stories it is called Loby Toby.
 The Ilfov River (sometimes also referred to incorrectly as Ilfovăț River) is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania. The river has given its name to Ilfov County
 Aiguille Peak is a peak located on the Canadian provincial boundary of Alberta and British Columbia in Banff National Park. It was named in 1915 by Arthur O. Wheeler. Aiguille is French for needle and is also a mountaineering term for a sharp-ridged summit.
 Swamp Creek is a perennial stream of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine and East Gippsland regions of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Simpson River is a river of Chile located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region. The river originates east of the Andes mountains. It forms the western boundary of the city of Coihaique which is bordered on the north by the Coihaique River a tributary of the Simpson. In its inferior course the river flows through Río Simpson National Reserve which is named after the river.
 Suriwiri (hispanicized spellings Sorehuire Surihuire Surihuiri) is a mountain in the Chila mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5506 metres (18064 ft) high. It is located in the Arequipa Region Caylloma Province in the districts Lari Madrigal and Tapay. Suriwiri lies north of Qullqa River northwest of the mountains Mismi Kiwicha and Hatunpila and south of Minaspata. Some of the nearest villages are Tampumayu (Tambomayo) and Suriwiri (Sori Huire).
 The Bez (or Bès) is a right tributary to the Midouze River in the Landes in the Southwest of France. Its name is similar to that of Baïse. The Bez has its origins in the northern Morcenx where it collects the waters of Brassenx. It joins the Midouze River in Saint-Yaguen
 The Râul Vărăriei is a tributary of the Râcu River in Romania.
 Kanzelwand is a mountain on the border between Vorarlberg Austria and Bavaria Germany.
 The Valea Măgurici River is a tributary of the Sărăcelu River in Romania
 Auyán-tepui (Spanish pronunciation: [auˌʝanteˈpui]) also spelled Ayan is a tepui in Bolívar state Venezuela. It is the most visited and one of the largest (but not the highest) tepuis in the Guiana Highlands with a summit area of 666.9 km2 (257.5 sq mi) and an estimated slope area of 715 km2 (276 sq mi). The uneven heart-shaped summit plateau of Auyán-tepui is heavily inclined rising from around 1600 metres (5200 ft) in the northwest to a maximum of 2450 m (8040 ft) in the southeast.
 The Punta Marguareis (It) or Pointe Marguareis (Fr) is a mountain in the Ligurian Alps on the boundary between Italy and France; It is the highest peak of the Ligurian Alps.
 Kothener Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Wapowski is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar near side near the southern pole. The crater is located Southwest of craters von Baeyer and Svedberg just inside the rim of the prominent Scott crater. Wapowski was adopted and named after Polish cartographer Bernard Wapowski by the IAU in 2009.
 Big Pond is a 330-acre (1 km2) lake located in Otis Massachusetts. The lake is popular for boating swimming fishing water skiing snowmobiling camping and water-related recreation. Fish include lake trout bass white perch yellow perch catfish and bluegills. The reservoir is stocked with trout by the Massachusetts Division of Fisheries & Wildlife.The Big Pond Association ( www.bigpondassociation.com ) is a 501c3 non-profit that oversees a number of activities throughout the year.
 Torc Mountain (Irish: Sliabh Torc) is a mountain near Killarney in County Kerry Ireland which is 535 m high. Torc Mountain gets its name from the Irish word torc meaning boar after an enchanted boar was killed there by the legendary hero Fionn mac Cumhaill. Torc Mountain is the 383rd highest summit in Ireland.
 Meitner is a multiring impact crater on Venus.
 The Krottenkopf (German pronunciation: [ˈkʁɔtənˌkɔpf]) 2086 metres/6844 ft is a peak in the Ester Mountains and the highest mountain in the Bavarian Prealps. It lies within the Bavarian district of Garmisch-Partenkirchen.
 The Telen River is a tributary of the Mahanadi in East Central India. The Bhede River is a tributary to this river. The Historical Kolabira Fort is situated on the bank of this river.Jharsuguda town on the bank of this river.
 Cayambe (or Volcán Cayambe) is the name of a volcano located in the Cordillera Central a range of the Ecuadorian Andes. It is located in Pichincha province some 70 km (43 mi) northeast of Quito. It is the third highest mountain in Ecuador.Cayambe which has a permanent snow cap is a Holocene compound volcano which last erupted in March 1786. At 4690 m (15387 ft) on its south slope is the highest point in the world crossed by the Equator and the only point on the Equator with snow cover.
 Barlow Pass (elevation 2361 feet (720 m)) is a mountain pass on the west side of the Cascades in Washington on the Mountain Loop Highway between Silverton and Darrington. It is a popular trail head for access to the old mining town of Monte Cristo and has a branch off to hike up to Gothic Basin which is about a mile in.The mining boom at Monte Cristo starting in 1890 resulted in the need for access to the remote town.
 The Widdersgrind (2104 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Oberwil in the canton of Bern. Its summit is the tripoint between the valleys of Hengstschlund Morgete and Simmental.
 Mount Etherington is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after Etherington Colonel Frederick C.M.G.
 The Ladon Lake (Greek: Τεχνητή Λίμνη Λάδωνα Techniti Limni Ladona) or the Ladon Reservoir is an artificial lake in the upper part of the river Ladon in the northwestern part of Arcadia Greece. The 50 m high dam was built in 1955. At full level its area is 4 km² and its maximum capacity is 46 106 m³. The capacity of the hydroelectricity plant is 70 MW. The reservoir is situated in a sparsely populated mountainous area.
 The Sâncrai River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 Merced Peak with an elevation of 11731 feet (3576 m) is the highest point in the Clark Range just surpassing three other peaks; Red Peak (11704 feet) Gray Peak (11578 feet) and Mount Clark (11527 feet).Merced Peak is located close to southern border of Yosemite National Park near the Ottoway Lakes. The summit can be approached from the Quartz Mountain Trailhead over Chiquito pass or from one of two trailheads on the road to Glacier Point.
 Foel Penolau is a top of Moel Ysgyfarnogod in Snowdonia North Wales and is the northernmost summit of the Rhinogydd. It overlooks Llyn Trawsfynydd and from the summit it is possible to see the towns of Porthmadog and Blaenau Ffestiniog. The top is reputed to be one of most rocky defended summits in Snowdonia where hands must be used to attain the summit. The summit is on a large smooth slab of rock which is the surface of the outcrop which the top is made up of.
 Càrn Mòr Dearg (1221 m) is the eighth highest mountain in Scotland. It is situated in the west of Scotland close to the town of Fort William in Lochaber Highland. It lies just to the north-west of its much more famous neighbour Ben Nevis to which it is linked by the spectacular Càrn Mòr Dearg Arête.The ascent of Càrn Mòr Dearg from the north (start by golf course) the traverse of the arête and the scramble up the north side of Ben Nevis make one of the best horse-shoe routes in Scotland.
 Reingser Bach is a stream of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. The spring is between Ergste (a district of Schwerte) and Letmathe. The Reingser Bach forms part of the south-eastern boundary between the district of Unna and the Märkischer Kreis. Reingser Bach and Lollenbach merge nearby Reingsen to form the Elsebach.
 Lincoln Peak is a mountain located on the border between Vermont's Washington and Addison counties within the Green Mountain National Forest.
 A'Becketts Creek is a perennial stream and a northern tributary of the Duck River and part of the Parramatta River catchment in Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Rayya is an impact crater on the southern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Rayya was first observed in Cassini images during that mission's March 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 32.5° South Latitude 178.4° West Longitude and is 9 kilometers across.
 The Goldney River is a river in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It arises on the southern slopes of the Craigieburn Range and flows south into Lake Coleridge. The Goldney family were early squatters in the area.
 The Suldenbach (Italian: Rio Solda) is a stream located in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Brame (Occitan: Brama French: la Brame) is a 60.4 km (37.5 mi) long river in the Creuse and Haute-Vienne départements central France. Its source is at La Souterraine. It flows generally west. It is a right tributary of the Gartempe into which it flows between Thiat and Darnac.
 The Owens River course includes headwaters points near the Upper San Joaquin Watershed reservoirs and diversion points (e.g. for the Los Angeles Aqueduct) and the river's mouth at Owens Lake. The river drains the Crowley Lake Watershed (USGS HUC 18090102) of 1900 sq mi (4900 km2) and the north portion of the Owens Lake Watershed (USGS HUC 18090103) of 1340 sq mi (3500 km2).
 Pisququcha (Quechua pisqu bird qucha lake lagoon bird lake hispanicized spelling Piscococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Yauyos Province Tanta District. Pisququcha is situated at a height of about 4484 metres (14711 ft) south of the lakes Pawqarqucha and Ch'uspiqucha and northeast of the lake Tikllaqucha.
 Lotus is a former village in Brevard County Florida United States. It is the location of Honeymoon Hill the highest point on Merritt Island. Only one road runs through the area CR 3 accessible to the south by Pineda Causeway.Lotus is a wealthy residential area in Brevard County with homes overlooking both the Indian River and Banana River Lagoons.
 The Sărata River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 The Doftana River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania. The upper reach of the river upstream of the junction with the Urlăţelu is sometimes called Predeluș River.
 Koʻolau Range is a name given to the fragmented remnant of the eastern or windward shield volcano of the Hawaiian island of Oʻahu. It was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1972.
 Kohala is the oldest of five volcanoes that make up the island of Hawaii. Kohala is an estimated one million years old—so old that it experienced and recorded a reversal of magnetic field 780000 years ago. It is believed to have breached sea level more than 500000 years ago and to have last erupted 120000 years ago.
 The Jemenc River is a tributary of the Aita River in Romania.
 Lievestuoreenjärvi is a medium-sized lake in Laukaa Finland. In the southern shore there is Lievestuore village. In the eastern side of the lake there is Hyyppäänvuori hill which forms a Natura 2000 protection area. The hill in valuable because of is scenic rocky scene. From the hill it is possible to see nice sceneries to lake.
 The Ak-Suu River (Kyrgyz: Ак-Суу) is a left tributary of the Syr Darya flowing through Batken Province of Kyrgyzstan and Sughd Province of Tajikistan. The river is formed at the north slopes of Turkestan Range. It flows into the river Syr Darya near the town Nau in northern Tajikistan.
 Suyt'uqucha (Quechua suyt'u sayt'u rectanguar qucha lake lagoon rectangular lake hispanicized spelling Suitococha Suito) is a lake in Peru located in the Puno Region Lampa Province Santa Lucía District. It is situated at a height of about 4881 metres (16014 ft) about 4.33 km long and 0.84 km at its widest point. Suyt'uqucha lies south of the larger lake named Ananta.
 Middle Creek is a 31.7-mile-long (51.0 km) tributary of Penns Creek in Snyder County Pennsylvania in the United States. Via Penns Creek it is part of the Susquehanna River watershed.Middle Creek joins Penns Creek below Selinsgrove.
 Castle Peak is a fourteener in the Elk Mountains in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is the highest peak in the Elks and the twelfth highest in Colorado. The summit is about 15 miles (24 km) south of Aspen on the Pitkin–Gunnison county line. It is the highest point in both counties.Castle Peak takes its name from its castellated summit.The best climbing months are June July August September through the Montezuma Glacier a permanent snowfield between Castle and Conundrum Peaks.
 Icabarú River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Urmuroasa River or Cornu River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The Cana Brava River (Santa Tereza River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Mount Osceola is a 4315-foot (1315 m) peak within the White Mountains of New Hampshire. Located in the White Mountain National Forest Mount Osceola is named for a Seminole chief. Osceola can be ascended from the Greeley Pond Trail to the northeast of the mountain which requires crossing the East Peak of Osceola first or from the Tripoli Road to the south.
 Eagle Lake is an alpine lake in the Southern Sierra Nevada near Mineral King in Sequoia National Park. The lake can be reached by a three-and-a-half mile hike from Mineral King Valley and lies at 10000 feet above sea level.
 The Schwarze Laber is a river in Bavaria Germany and a left tributary of the Danube. Its source is near Neumarkt in der Oberpfalz. It is approx. 76 km long. It flows southeast through the small towns Parsberg Beratzhausen Laaber and Deuerling. It flows into the Danube in Sinzing.
 The Peace River (French: rivière de la Paix) is a river in Canada that originates in the Rocky Mountains of northern British Columbia and flows to the northeast through northern Alberta. The Peace River flows into the Slave River a tributary of the Mackenzie River. The Mackenzie is the 12th longest river in the world preceded by the Mekong and followed by the Niger River. The Finlay River the main headwater of the Peace River is regarded as the ultimate source of the Mackenzie River.
 The Chli Spannort is a mountain of the Uri Alps located between Engelberg and Meien in the canton of Uri. It lies south-west of the Gross Spannort.
 Ogof Agen Allwedd or Agen Allwed also known as Aggy is at 32½ km long one of the longest cave systems in Wales and the longest cave system on the Llangattock escarpment where Ogof y Daren Cilau is also found.There are several round trips that can be followed within the system but all trips start via the short entrance series and first boulder choke which is mostly easy caving.
 Vitruvius is a small lunar impact crater that lies on the northern edge of the Mare Tranquillitatis. To the east is the crater Gardner and to the northeast is Fabbroni. To the north-northwest is the elongated Mons Vitruvius mountain and beyond is the valley where the Apollo 17 mission landed.The rim of Vitruvius is somewhat circular but the sides are uneven to the north and east. The rim is highest to the northwest. The interior floor is uneven with some low rises in the southwest.
 Lake Gonzales is a reservoir on the Guadalupe River 4 miles (6 km) southeast of the town of Belmont in Gonzales County Texas. The reservoir was formed in 1931 by the construction of a dam to provide hydroelectric power to the area. Management of the dam and lake was assume by the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority on May 1 1963.
 Windy Gyle is a hill in the Cheviot Hills right on the border between England and Scotland. It lies on the border ridge and like the other hills in the area is rounded and grass-covered. Although maps show the border passing right through the summit the summit cairn lies a few metres north of the fence that marks the border.
 The Ohura River is a river of the western North Island of New Zealand. It flows southward from its source close to the town of Ohura and flows into the Whanganui River.
 Llyn Cwm Llwch is a lake in the Brecon Beacons National Park in Powys Wales. It is a small lake of glacial origin occupying a rock hollow beneath the peaks of Pen y Fan and Corn Du in the central Brecon Beacons. It is drained by the Nant Cwm Llwch which empties into the Afon Tarell which itself enters the River Usk at Brecon.Tommy Jones' obelisk a memorial in granite to a young boy who died near this spot many years ago overlooks the lake.
 Damodar Kund (Gujarati: દામોદર કુંડ) is one of the sacred lakes as per Hindu beliefs which is located at the foothills of Girnar hills near Junagadh in Gujarat India.It is considered holy as per Hindu mythology and many Hindus prefer to bathe and immerse the ashes and the bones left after cremation of dead bodies here at Damodar Kund due to a belief that the departed souls would get moksha here.
 Bellavista Lake (Bellavista qucha Laguna Bellavista) is a lake in the San Ignacio de Velasco Municipality José Miguel de Velasco Province Santa Cruz Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 200 m its surface area is 24.8 km².
 Upper Melakwa Lake is a tiny lake located in King County in Washington. It is the source of the Pratt River.The lake is located a short distance upstream from Melakwa Lake. The lake is easily reached by walking upstream from Melakwa Lake however; a lot of people are too tired to continue after the somewhat difficult trip to Melakwa Lake. By continuing north from the lake you will eventually reach Melakwa Pass.
 The Surlău River is a tributary of the Suseni River in Romania.
 The Pastaza (formerly known as the Sumatara) is a large tributary to the Marañón River in the northwestern Amazon Basin of South America.It has its headwaters in the Ecuadorian province of Cotapaxi flowing off of the northwestern slopes of the volcano Cotopaxi and known as the Patate River. The Patate flows south and in Tungurahua Province it is joined by the Chambo River just upstream from the town of Baños de Agua Santa just north of the volcano Mount Tungurahua and becomes the Pastaza.
 Bobone is an old heavily eroded crater formation that lies on the far side of the Moon. Little remains of the original crater formation leaving only a bowl-shaped depression in the surface that is pock-marked by tiny craterlets. It is attached to the southwest rim of the large satellite crater Kovalevskaya Q which has its northeast rim overlaid by Kovalevskaya itself. To the west-southwest is Bronk.
 Ben Ledi (Beinn Leitir in Scottish Gaelic) is a mountain in Perthshire Scotland. It is 879 m (2884 ft) high and is classified as a Corbett. It lies about 6.4 kilometres (4 miles) north-west of Callander near the village of Kilmahog. It is situated in the Trossachs hills which are often regarded as having some of the most romantic scenery in the Highlands.Ben Ledi is particularly well known through Walter Scott's poem Lady of the Lake.
 Sixteen Mile Creek is a river in Halton Region in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario Canada.
 Valsøyfjorden is a fjord in Halsa Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is a 10-kilometre (6.2 mi) fjord arm off of the Arasvikfjord and it runs south past the island of Valsøya. The villages along the fjord include Engan Hjellnes and Valsøybotnen. The Valsøy Bridge is part of the European route E39 highway and it was built in 1993 to cross over mouth of the fjord so travelers did not have to drive all the way around the fjord.
 The Pârâul lui Foale is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 The Chüpfenflue is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located between Langwies and Davos in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
 Utikuma Lake is a large lake in north-central Alberta Canada. It is located 30 km (19 mi) north of the Lesser Slave Lake between the Bicentennial Highway and Highway 750.It has a total surface of 288 km2 (111 sq mi) with 15.3 km2 (5.9 sq mi) island area. The shallow lake (maximum depth is 5.5 m (18 ft)) lies at an elevation of 648 m (2126 ft).
 The Năvrap River is a tributary of the Bratia River in Romania.
 Schirmbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Mount Memuro (芽室岳 Memuro-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. The western summit of Mount Memuro (1746 m) is named Mount Pankenūshi.
 The Pocreaca River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania.
 Dreisam is a river in Germany near Freiburg. It empties into the Elz. The waters of the Dreisam feed the famous Freiburg bächle.
 Holy Boy's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It is located on the eastern side of the Rock near Cave S.
 The Strâmbu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Glacier Peak (known in the Sauk Indian dialect of Lushootseed as Tda-ko-buh-ba or Takobia ) is the most isolated of the five major stratovolcanoes (composite volcanoes) of the Cascade Volcanic Arc in Washington. Located in the Glacier Peak Wilderness the volcano is visible from the west in Seattle and from the north in the higher areas of such eastern suburbs of Vancouver as Coquitlam and Port Coquitlam.
 South Fork Rio Grande is a tributary of the Rio Grande in southern Colorado in the United States. It flows from a source in the Weminuche Wilderness of the San Juan Mountains to a confluence with the Rio Grande in Rio Grande County Colorado.
 The Pârâul Repede is a tributary of the Pietrosu River in Romania.
 Mount Emerson (71°35′S 168°44′E) is a mountain 2190 metres (7200 ft) high 5 nautical miles (9 km) east-southeast of Brewer Peak in the southern part of the DuBridge Range in the Admiralty Mountains of Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and U.S. Navy air photos 1960–63 and was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for George L. Emerson a U.S.
 Dukono is a volcano located at the northernmost corner of Halmahera island. It has a broad profile and is capped by compound craters. Dukono is an active volcano. During the major eruption in 1550 a lava flow filled in the strait between Halmahera and the north flank cone of Mount Mamuya. It was an eruption of scale 3 on VEI. Deaths were reported but the figure is unknown. Smaller eruptions occurred in 1719 1868 and 1901. Since 1933 Dukono has been erupting continuously until the present.
 The Kicking Horse River is a river located in the Canadian Rockies of southeastern British Columbia Canada.The river was named in 1858 when James Hector a member of the Palliser Expedition was kicked by his packhorse while exploring the river. Hector survived and named the river and the associated pass as a result of the incident.
 Mount Maru (丸山 Maru-yama) is an active stratovolcano of the Kameda peninsula. It is located in Hakodate Hokkaidō Japan. Mount Maru is also known as Esan Maruyama (恵山丸山) to distinguish it from other Mount Maru's and because of its close association with nearby Mount E.
 The Jacaré River (Pará) is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Ill (Saarland) is a river of Saarland Germany.
 Skudai River is a river in Johor Malaysia. It runs from Kulai until Tampoi.Due to urbanisation this river has been largely modified and it functions mainly to evacuate from residential areas.
 Kabato Mountains (樺戸山地 Kabato Sanchi) is a mountain range on the western coast of Hokkaidō. It is part of the Mashike Mountains.The peaks of the Kabato mountains include the following: Pinneshiri (Kabato) Mount Machine Mount Kamuishiri↑
 The Barun River (Nepali: बरुण नदी) is a tributary of the Arun River and is part of the Kosi river system in Nepal.
 Fall River rises on the Madison and Pitchstone plateaus in the southwest corner of Yellowstone National Park Wyoming and flows approximately 64 miles (103 km) to its confluence with the Henrys Fork of the Snake River near Ashton Idaho. Historically the river was referred to as the Middle Fork of the Snake River or as Fall River or the Falls River by trappers and prospectors as early as the 1830s.
 The Neamțu River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Dairy Creek is a 10.55-mile (16.98 km) tributary of the Tualatin River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It begins at the confluence of its east and west forks near the unincorporated community of Schefflin and meanders southeast across the Tualatin Valley to the Tualatin River near Hillsboro in Washington County.
 Mosambik Lake is a lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District Ontario Canada. It is about 5.9 kilometres (3.7 mi) long and 2.0 kilometres (1.2 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 347 metres (1138 ft). The primary inflow is the Magpie River from North Wejinabikun Lake on the west side of the lake and there are several unnamed creek inflows including one from Kabiskagami Lake on the southwest side.
 Wörsbach (Emsbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Jack Creek is a 64-mile-long (103 km) stream in southern Minnesota in the United States. It is a tributary of Heron Lake the outlet of which flows to the Des Moines River.
 Lake Shannon is a long narrow reservoir on the Baker River in Skagit County in the U.S. state of Washington. Formed in the 1920s by the construction of an arch dam just above the river's mouth the lake is approximately 7.5 miles (12 km) long and averages 0.6 miles (1 km) wide at full extent. Lake Shannon is part of a cascade of two reservoirs the Baker River Hydroelectric Project built on the lower half of the Baker River by Puget Sound Energy for generating hydroelectricity.
 Cerro Huachamacari also spelled Huachamakari or Kushamakari is a tepui in Amazonas state Venezuela. It lies northwest of the giant Cerro Duida and the other peaks of the Duida–Marahuaca Massif and is considerably lower at only around 1900 metres (6200 ft).Cerro Huachamacari has a summit area of 8.75 km2 (3.38 sq mi) and an estimated slope area of 60 km2 (23 sq mi).
 Morla is a 16 km long river in province of Bergamo. Its source is located in Maresana in the municipality of Ponteranica then Morla crosses the city of Bergamo after Bergamo part of its waters are used in agriculture. Morla wastes in Po Valley.
 The Lunca River is a tributary of the Ciunca River in Romania.
 The Itaueira River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Astrolabe Lake (formerly Green Lake) is a lake in the township of Whitewater Region Renfrew County Ontario Canada. Astrolabe Lake is where in 1867 Edward Lee a local farmboy found Samuel Champlain's long lost astrolabe; a plaque now stands near the lake to commemorate this. The lake is a meeting point for the back end of both the local golf course Oakes of Cobden and the Logos Land waterpark. It drains via Buttermilk Creek and the Muskrat River into the Ottawa River.
 Ooty lake is located in Ooty in the Nilgiris district Tamil Nadu India. It covers an area of 65 acres. The Boat house situated by the lake which offers boating facilities to tourists is a major tourist attraction in Ooty.
 Kōtal-e Khushk (Arabic: کوتل خشک‎) also called Ąaćbaną and Kōtal-e Darband is a mountain pass in Daykundi Province central Afghanistan.
 The Niwen (also known as Einigs Alichji) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Rhone in the upper canton of Valais. It lies in the massif that separates the valley of Leukerbad from the lower Lötschental and that culminates at the Ferdenrothorn.
 Lago di San Casciano is a lake in the Province of Siena Tuscany Italy. At an elevation of 383 m its surface area is 2 km².
 The Cooum River is the most polluted river of India which ends in the city of Chennai (formerly Madras) draining into the Bay of Bengal. Along with the Adyar River running parallel to the south the river trifurcates the city and separates Northern Chennai from Central Chennai.The river is considered to be the shortest classified river draining into the Bay of Bengal and is only about 72 km (45 mi) long.
 The Fierăstrăul River ( Hungarian: Fűrész-patak [ˈfyːreːs pɒtɒk]) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name is from the Hungarian fűrész meaning saw.
 The Saint Marks River is a river of Grenada.
 The Rotilaşi River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Gregory Chapel is one of the high points of the fells on the border between Cumbria and North Yorkshire.The summit is marked by a nearby sheep shelter and an unusual and conspicuous cairn - taller and more rectangular than most others locally. (This may perhaps be the origin of the curious name chapel?) The main rock in the area is limestone with Millstone Grit outcrops on the tops.
 Nasmyth is a lunar crater located near the southwestern limb of the Moon. It is attached to the southeast rim of the flooded crater Wargentin and the southern half is overlain by the larger Phocylides.The rim of Nasmyth is worn and impacted in several locations by craterlets most notably Nasmyth D which lies across the north rim. The floor has been flooded by lava flows in the past making the surface relatively flat and the rim low.
 The Bafing River runs through Guinea and Mali and is about 760 kilometres (470 mi) long. It joins with the Bakoy River at Bafoulabé to form the Sénégal River in the Kayes Region of western Mali. In Manding languages Bafing signifies 'black river' and Bakoye 'white river'.
 The Cimarron River is a 22.0-mile-long (35.4 km) tributary that joins the Gunnison River in Curecanti National Recreation Area near Cimarron Colorado. The river's source is the confluence of two forks near Silver Jack Reservoir in the Uncompahgre National Forest.A Denver & Rio Grande Western narrow gauge trestle is located near the confluence of the Cimarron and the Gunnison.
 Stob Coire a’ Chàirn is a Scottish mountain situated in the Mamores range 3.5 kilometres north of Kinlochleven. The mountain reaches a height of 981 metres (3218 feet) and is regarded as one of the more modest peaks of the ten Munros in the Mamores indeed for many years it was not named on OS maps. Despite this it is situated at a strategically important point and could be said to be the most central of the group with three ridges radiating out to other Munros.
 The Yuntai Mountain (simplified Chinese: 云台山; traditional Chinese: 云台山; pinyin: yúntāi Shān) is situated in Xiuwu County Jiaozuo Henan Province of People's Republic of China. The Yuntai Geo Park scenic area is classified as a AAAAA scenic area by the China National Tourism Administration. Situated within Yuntai Geo park with a fall of 314 metres (1030 ft) Yuntai waterfall is claimed as the tallest waterfall in China.Video: Official Henan government sponsored scenic photos of Yuntai Mountain
 Werbe (Eder) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Mușata River is a tributary of the Sărata River.
 Tarago Reservoir is a 37580-megalitre (1327×10^6 cu ft) water storage located on the Tarago River near Neerim South approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) east of Melbourne Victoria Australia.The reservoir was built in 1969 to supply water to towns near Neerim South the Mornington Peninsula and Westernport regions. In 1994 Melbourne Water stopped using water from the reservoir as it had become unsuitable for drinking.
 Schwarze Kulmke is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Brighu Lake is a high altitude lake which is located in the district Kullu. It is about 4235 m above the sea level. It lies east of the Rohtang Pass and is about 6 km from the village of Gulaba. This lake is held sacred to the sage Brighu. It lies on the various trek routes of the region. This lake is the holy place of Brighu Rishi a great saint of Indian history
 The Cleurie or rupt de Cleurie is a river in the Lorraine in France which flows in the Vosges department. It is a right tributary of the Moselotte and thus a sub-tributary of the Rhine via the Moselotte and the Moselle.
 Lake Washington is the primary reservoir for the city of Newburgh New York. It is located just southwest of the city lying partially within it and the neighboring towns of Newburgh and New Windsor. It holds approximately 1.5 billion US gallons (5700000 m3) an amount equivalent to the city's annual consumption.Recreational facilities such as picnic grounds are accessible to the public at Masterson Park near the reservoir's spillway along NY 207.
 Mount Tupper 2804 m (9199 ft) is a mountain about 37 kilometres (23 mi) west of Golden British Columbia Canada and three kilometres east of Rogers Pass in Glacier National Park. Part of the Selkirk Mountains it was formerly named Hermit Mountain until renamed (1887) in honour of Sir Charles Tupper when he was minister of Railways and Canals in Sir John A. Macdonald's cabinet during the siting and construction of the CPR line through the Selkirk Mountains and later Prime Minister.
 Campanus is a lunar impact crater that is located on the southwestern edge of Mare Nubium. It forms a crater pair with Mercator just to the southeast. Along the southern rampart of Campanus is the small lunar mare named Palus Epidemiarum. To the southwest is the small crater Dunthorne.The rim of Campanus is roughly circular with an outward bulge along the western rim and an inward bulge to the north-northwest.
 The Zwischbergen Pass (el. 3268 m.) (German: Zwischbergenpass) is a high mountain pass across the eastern Pennine Alps connecting Saas Almagell and Zwischbergen in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.The pass lies between the Weissmies on the north and Portjengrat on the South.
 Willowemoc Creek is a tributary of Beaver Kill that is a popular trout fishing stream near the Catskill Park in Sullivan County New York.
 The Cottonwood River is a tributary of the Minnesota River 152 miles (245 km) long in southwestern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Minnesota River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 1313 square miles (3400 km2) in an agricultural region. The river's name is a translation of the Sioux name for the river Waraju for the cottonwood tree which is common along prairie rivers.
 Piz digl Gurschus is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps overlooking Ausserferrera in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range separating the valleys of Ferrera (west) and Sursés (east) west of the watershed.
 Vulcan's Throne is a cinder cone volcano and a prominent landmark on the north rim of the Grand Canyon in Arizona USA. Vulcan's Throne about a mile (1.7 km) west of Toroweap overlook is part of the Uinkaret volcanic field. The journals of traveler George Corning Fraser record a trip to the summit of Vulcan's Throne in 1914. At the time the surrounding area was used for sheep grazing and a small reservoir had been constructed at the base of the volcano.
 Todacheene Lake (Navajo: tó dích'íi'nii meaning bitter water) is a small lake in the crater of the Narbona Pass volcano in San Juan County New Mexico within the Navajo Nation.
 The Unghia Mare River or Frumoasa River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
 The Vale River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 The Luckiamute River is a tributary of the Willamette River about 62 miles (100 km) long in western Oregon in the United States. It drains an area of Central Oregon Coast Range and the western Willamette Valley northwest of Corvallis.It rises in the remote mountains of southwestern Polk County about 10 miles (16 km) west of Pedee. It flows southeast to Hoskins in Benton County then northeast into Polk County past Pedee then east across southern Polk County.
 The Salang Pass (Persian: كتل سالنگ‎ Kotal-e Sālang) (el. 3878 m or 12723 ft) is nowadays the major mountain pass connecting northern Afghanistan with Parwan Province with further connections to Kabul Province and southern Afghanistan and to Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
 Olef is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. It flows through the Eifel in the western part of the country.
 Pavilion Lake is a lake in Marble Canyon British Columbia Canada. It is located between the towns of Lillooet and Cache Creek (18.3 miles WNW as the crow flies from Cache Creek) and lies along BC Highway 99 five and a half highway miles (northeast then southeast) from Pavilion British Columbia.
 Whiteless Pike (660 metres high/2165 ft) is a fell in the north-western English Lake District. It stands immediately east of Crummock Water and forms a perfect pyramid shape when viewed from Rannerdale. In his celebrated guide to the Lakeland fells Alfred Wainwright called it the Weisshorn of Buttermere. There are good views of Great Gable and the Scafells from the summit.
 Lake Merced is a freshwater lake in the southwest corner of San Francisco in the U.S. state of California. It is surrounded by three golf courses (the private Olympic Club and San Francisco Golf Club and the public TPC Harding Park) as well as residential areas Lowell High School San Francisco State University Lakeshore Alternative Elementary School Fort Funston and the Pacific Ocean.
 The Covurlui River is a tributary of the Chineja River in Romania.
 Iosegun Lake is a lake in northwest Alberta within the Municipal District of Greenview No. 16. It is located north of Fox Creek approximately 11 km (6.8 mi) from Highway 43.
 The Gombak River (Malay: Sungai Gombak) is a river which flows through Selangor and Kuala Lumpur in Malaysia. It is a tributary of the Klang River. The point where it meets the Klang River is the origin of Kuala Lumpur's name.Gombak River was used to be called Sungai Lumpur. Kuala Lumpur's name was taken as it was located in Sungai Lumpur's confluence or Kuala Lumpur.
 Elter Water is a small lake that lies half a mile (800 m) south-east of the village of Elterwater. Both are situated in the valley of Great Langdale in the English Lake District. The name Elterwater means either Lake of the Swan or Lake of Alder.The lake is 1030 yd (930 m) long and varies in width up to a maximum of 350 yd (320 m) covering an area of 0.06 mi² (0.15 km²). It has a maximum depth of 20 ft (6 m) and an elevation above sea level of 187 ft (57 m).
 Mädelekopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Pârâul Țapului is a tributary of the Chioara River in Romania.
 Turgis /ˈtɜrdʒɨs/ is the largest known crater on Saturn's moon Iapetus. It is 580 km in diameter 40% of the moon's diameter and one of the larger craters in the Solar System. It is named after a Saracen baron Turgis of Turtelose (Tortosa).It is located in Cassini Regio at 16.9°N 28.4°W﻿ / 16.9; -28.4. The rim has a scarp about 15 km high that generated a landslide.It is overlain by Malun the 13th-largest crater on Iapetus.
 The Landor River is a river in the Gascoyne of Western Australia.The headwaters of the Landor rise north of Mount Erong The river flows north until it merges with the Gascoyne River of which it is a tributary. The junction of the two rivers is close to the Landor Station homestead.The first European to discover the river was the surveyor Henry Carey in 1882.
 The Utsunoya-tōge Pass (宇津ノ谷峠 Utsunoya-tōge) is a pass on the old Tōkaidō highway connecting the capital of Edo with Kyoto. Located between former Mariko-juku in what is now Aoi-ku Shizuoka and Okabe-juku in what is now Fujieda it is the only portion of the Heian period road known to have survived to the present day and was proclaimed a National Historic Site on February 22 2010.The route of the ancient Tōkaidō highway skirted the coast of Suruga Bay during the Nara period.
 Rundkollene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Indian River (Barbados) is a river of Barbados.
 The Prineville Reservoir is located in the high desert hills of Central Oregon Oregon United States. The reservoir is on the Crooked River located 14 miles (22.5 km) southeast of Prineville OR and 29 miles (46.7 km) east of Bend Oregon . This reservoir is a popular retreat for most of Central Oregon. It is located near the geographic center of Oregon and Prineville Reservoir State Park is managed by the Oregon Parks and Recreation Department.
 Schweiburg is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Hartberg River is a small tributary of the Inn River in Upper Austria and originates in the Senftenbach Area. It flows from South to North to the Inn River and merges with it 2 km east of Obernberg am Inn. The water has a grade between A and B.
 Nampeyo is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 52 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Nampeyo is named for the Hopi ceramics artist Nampeyo who lived from 1860 to 1942.
 The Marias River is a tributary of the Missouri River approximately 210 mi (338 km) long in the U.S. state of Montana. It is formed in the Blackfeet Indian Reservation in Glacier County in northwestern Montana by the confluence of the Cut Bank Creek and the Two Medicine River. It flows east through Lake Elwell formed by the Tiber Dam then southeast receiving the Teton River at Loma 2 mi.
 Atlas is a prominent lunar impact crater that is located in the northeast part of the Moon to the southeast of Mare Frigoris. Just to the west is the slightly smaller but still prominent crater Hercules. Northeast of Atlas is the large Endymion.The inner wall of Atlas is multiply terraced and the edge slumped forming a sharp-edged lip. This is a floor-fractured crater with a rough and hilly interior that has a lighter albedo than the surroundings.
 Hwangjangsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1077 metres.
 Kultym (Russian: Култым) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Shakva River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 43 km.
 Ilse is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Wehmerhorster Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Piz dal Fuorn (2906 m) is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps overlooking Il Fuorn (east of Zernez) in the canton of Graubünden.
 The Aragvi River (Georgian: არაგვი) and its basin are located in Georgia on the southern slopes of the Caucasus Mountains. The river is 112 km. long and its basin covers an area of 2724 km.² The ground strata is mostly sandstone slate and limestone. The Jinvali Dam and its 130 MW.
 Big Schloss is a peak in the Great North Mountain range of the Ridge and Valley Appalachians with an elevation of 2964 feet (903 m). The peak is located in George Washington National Forest on the border of Virginia and West Virginia though according to Topozone the actual summit is in Virginia. The trail is part of the Lee Ranger District.
 Tower Mountain elevation 13558 ft (4132 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains located northeast of Silverton Colorado.
 Bjurälven is a river in Jämtland Sweden. The river is partially underground and has a famous cave area.
 Kettle Creek is a tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River running through Tioga Potter and Clinton counties in Pennsylvania. It is slightly less than 43 miles (69 km) long. Although many streams in the Kettle Creek watershed are considered Class A Wild Trout streams by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission the lower reaches of the stream experience acid mine drainage.
 The Santana River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Valea Curugii River is a tributary of the Valea Stânei River in Romania.
 Monte Forato is a mountain (1230 m) in the Alpi Apuane in Tuscany central Italy. It is formed by two peaks of similar altitude connected by a natural arch which has given the group its name (meaning Holed Mountain in Italian). The hole nearly circular in shape has a height of c. 12 m while the arch itself is some 8 m thick.
 Wollbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Brier Knob is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country at the Linville community. It is wholly in the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 4085 feet (1245 m). Feeder streams from the mountain flow directly into the Linville River.Brier Knob is considered the northern limit of Linville it is flanked by NC 105 to the east and West Fork Road to the west. Unlike other mountains that surround it there is not development on the summit of Brier Knob.
 Mount Hermon (Arabic: جبل حرمون  جبل الشيخ‎ / ALA-LC: Jabal al-Shaykh / Mountain of the Chief Jabal Haramun; Hebrew: הר חרמון‎ Har Hermon Mount Hermon) is a mountain cluster in the Anti-Lebanon mountain range. Its summit straddles the border between Syria and Lebanon and at 2814 m (9232 ft) above sea level is the highest point in Syria.
 The Basentello is an Italian river that flows into the Bradano. Its source is near Palazzo and the river forms part of the border between the province of Potenza and the province of Bari. It flows into Lago di Serra del Corvo and continues flowing southeast near the border with the province of Matera until it enters the Bradano near Lago di San Giuliano (a short distance before the Bilioso does the same).
 Harker Creek is a stream located in Tooele County Utah USA.The upper portion of the creek forms Harker Canyon and drains from west to east on the southern side of the Sheeprock Mountains a small mountain group in the larger Wasatch Range. The lower portion of the creek drains from south to north into Rush Valley where it enters the watershed of Faust Creek. The point where the creek flows out of the canyon is located 10 km (6.2 mi) south of the town of Vernon.
 The Temeșiț River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 The Mitumba Mountain range stretches along the Western Rift Valley in Eastern Congo (DRC) west of lake Tanganyika. The two main peaks Mount Kahuzi (3308m) and Mount Biéga (2790m) are extinct volcanoes.
 The Blistock (also spelled Blistögg) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking Elm in the canton of Glarus. It lies on the range between the small valley of the Garichtisee and the Sernftal north of the Kärpf.It is composed of three summits: the Vorder Blistock (2405 m) the Mittler Blistock (2448 m) and the Hinter Blistock (2446 m).
 Lac de Conche is a lake in the canton of Valais Switzerland. It is located in the municipality of Collombey-Muraz at an elevation of 1687 m close to the French border.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Vrashka Chuka (Bulgarian: Връшка чука) or Vrška čuka (Serbian: Вршка чука Vrška čuka pronounced [ʋr̩̂ːʃkaː tʃûka]) is a peak in the Balkan Mountains situated on the border between Bulgaria and Serbia. The peak is 692 metres (2270 ft) high. Vrashka Chuka is the most northwestern peak in the Balkan mountains and part of Babin Nos mountain. Vrashka Chuka Pass is located to the north of the peak. There is a border checkpoint between Bulgaria and Serbia in the pass.
 Grit Fell is a lonely hill between Clougha Pike and Ward's Stone in the Forest of Bowland in Lancashire England. Covered by heather and large bogs it is difficult walking country. The path from Jubilee Tower car park in the south is difficult and treacherous with sheer sided bogs 6 feet deep. The path from Clougha Pike in the west is better but still contains bogs crossed by the odd plank of wood. The path from Ward's Stone is the most treacherous of all.
 The Pisueña River is located at northern Spain in the area known as Green Spain. It flows through the autonomous community of Cantabria and it is tributary to the Pas.
 The Corda River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Chrüz is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps located west of St. Antönien in the canton of Graubünden.
 The Paracatu River (Brasília de Minas) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Alpine Lake is a reservoir in Marin County California. Formed by Alpine Dam it provides water to the Marin Municipal Water District. Below the dam lies Kent Lake.
 San Vicente Reservoir is a reservoir created by the San Vicente Dam in San Diego County California approximately 7 km north of Lakeside off of California State Route 67.
 Packrat Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake or Goat Creek drainage.Packrat Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Oreamnus Lake is downstream of Packrat Lake.
 The Afon Ysgir is a short river which rises on the southern slopes of Mynydd Epynt in Powys Wales. The tributaries known as Ysgir Fawr and Ysgir Fechan flow past the hamlets of Pont Rhyd-y-berry and Merthyr Cynog to combine at Pont-faen and continue past the village of Battle to join the River Usk at Aberyscir. Its upper reaches are within the military training area of SENTA the British Army's Sennybridge Training Area.
 Birks Fell is a Marilyn in the Yorkshire Dales near to Hubberholme in North Yorkshire England. Birks Fell only became an official Marilyn in 2006 as it was resurveyed and discovered to be 610 m and not 608 m as previously thought. This raises it above neighbouring Horse Head Moor (609 m) making it the Marilyn in place of Horse Head Moor.
 The Snowy Mountains known informally as The Snowies an IBRA subregion are the highest Australian mountain range and contain the Australian mainland's highest mountain Mount Kosciuszko which reaches 2228 m (7310 ft) AHD.The range contains the five highest peaks on the Australian mainland all above 2100 m (6890 ft). They are located in southern New South Wales and are part of the larger Australian Alps and the Great Dividing Range.
 Nizao is one of the most important rivers in the Dominican Republic. Three hydroelectric power/electrical plants have been built along its path the largest at Jiguey Dam. It is dried because of decade of aggregate extraction. Luis Carvajal a top Dominican ecologist estimated a cost of RD$350M per km to recover the river.
 Ch'uxña Quta (Aymara ch'uxña green quta lake green lake hispanicized spelling Chojñakhota Chojna Kkota Chojña Kkota) is a mountain in the Bolivian Andes about 4920 metres (16142 ft) high. It lies in the Kimsa Cruz mountain range west of Wallatani Lake. It is situated in the La Paz Department Loayza Province Malla Municipality.
 The Naselle River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington.
 The Sombrio River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 de Gasparis is a lunar crater that is located in the southwest part of the Moon. It lies to the southwest of the crater Cavendish and south of Mersenius.The rim of de Gasparis is worn and eroded and the interior has been flooded by basaltic lava. The surviving outer rim reaches a maximum altitude of about 0.8 km.This crater is notable for the formation of rilles that criss-cross the floor and the surrounding surface.
 The Moroșani River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Ottilienberg is a mountain near Eppingen in Baden-Württemberg Germany. The mountain has been a cult place in ancient times. On top of the mountain are the remains of a late medieval pilgrimage church and remains of a fortification from the 17th century.The mountain itself is a sandstone oval about 3 km south east of Eppingen. Because of the extraordinary geological formation the 310 m high mountain is assumed to be a very early refuge and cult place.
 Yūbetsu River (湧別川 Yūbetsu-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan. As of 2005 some 34000 people live in its watershed of 1480 square kilometres (570 sq mi).
 The Gadloch (also colloquially referred to as Lenzie Loch) is a fresh water loch situated at the edge of the town of Lenzie in East Dunbartonshire Scotland.To the south of the loch is the small village of Auchinloch the village's name means Field of the Loch and derives from its proximity to the Gadloch.
 Heugstatt is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Prelitzsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.1 m its surface area is 0.045 km².
 The Rondi Toró River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Ituim River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Sawtooth Peak is a jagged mountain rising to a height of 12343 feet (3762 m). It is an iconic landmark of the Mineral King region of the Sierra Nevada in Sequoia National Park. In the past it was known as Miner's Peak. It contains an abundant supply of gold and mercury.
 Snowshoe Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario and in Division No. 1 Manitoba Canada and part of the Nelson River drainage basin. It is about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) long and 3.1 kilometres (1.9 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 322 metres (1056 ft). The primary inflow is the Bird River from Chase Lake and the primary outflow is the Bird River to McGregor Lake which flows via the Winnipeg River and the Nelson River into Hudson Bay.
 The Mesa River (Spanish: Río Mesa) is a river in the Sierra de Solorio range area Iberian System Spain.It is a tributary of the Piedra River. There are trout in the river but the population of the endangered European freshwater crayfish in the river has practically disappeared owing to the introduction of the North American signal crayfish (Pacifastacus leniusculus).
 The Iovanul River is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Iovanul Mare and Iovanul Mic
 The Valea Lătoacei River is a tributary of the Pârâul lui Ion in Romania. The narrow valley is a scenic attraction of the Slătioara Forest Reservation which it crosses.
 Kazumura Cave is a lava tube and has been surveyed at 40.7 miles long and 3614 feet deep making it the longest and deepest lava tube in the world. The cave is located on the island of Hawaii on the eastern slope of Kilauea. Kilauea is the most recently active volcano on the Big Island. The Aila'au lava flow that contains Kazumura Cave originated from the Kilauea Iki Crater about 500 years ago.
 Mount Minto is a mountain in the Atlin Country of far northwestern British Columbia Canada. It is located 43 km (27 mi) north of the town of Atlin. It lies on the western side of the northeast arm of Atlin Lake. The easiest approach is via rough roads to the north from where the summit appears to be a hike.The mountain is named for Gilbert Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound 4th Earl of Minto Governor-General of Canada 1898-1904.
 Queen Peak is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 30 km (19 mi) north of Gold River and 3 km (2 mi) east of Victoria Peak.
 The Coțatcu River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 Sea Lion Caves are a connected system of sea caves and caverns open to the Pacific Ocean in the U.S. state of Oregon. They are located 11 miles (18 km) north of Florence on U.S. Highway 101 about midpoint on the 400 miles (640 km) Oregon Coast. In this area Highway 101 follows a steep and undeveloped seascape 300 feet (91 m) above sea level. Human access to the caves is through a gift shop building.
 The Altenalp Türm (2033 metres) is a peak of the Alpstein massif located in the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden on the ridge between Ebenalp and the Säntis. It is the northernmost peak rising above 2000 metres in Switzerland.
 Beaver Lake is a lake in Alberta Canada. It is located just southeast of the hamlet of Lac La Biche Alberta. It is the source of Beaver River (Canada) whose waters flow east to Hudson Bay. Just to the north is Lac la Biche (Alberta) which drains north to the Arctic Ocean.
 The Catu River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 Kidsty Pike is a fell in the English Lake District standing to the west of Haweswater Reservoir. It is a subsidiary top of Rampsgill Head but has long achieved the status of a separate fell thanks to its classic peaked profile. Wainwright followed this convention in his Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells.
 The Sierra La Esmeralda range (Emerald Mountains) are a mountain range in northern Sonora Mexico at the northern region of the Sierra Madre Occidental cordillera. The region contains sky island mountain ranges called the Madrean Sky Islands some separated from the Sierra Madre Occidental proper and occurring in the northeastern Sonoran Desert and extreme west-northwestern Chihuahuan Desert.
 Doi Luang (Thai: ดอยหลวง) is a 1694 m high mountain in Thailand part of the Phi Pan Nam Range.The mountain rises at the western end of Ban Tun Subdistrict Mueang Phayao District Phayao Province near the point where the limit of this province meets with Lampang Province.
 Galya Stream originates in Mátra 830 metres above sea level Southeast from Mátraalmás Nógrád County Hungary. It flows to North up to Nemti where it flows to Zagyval.
 The Pârâul Hotarului or Hotaru River is a tributary of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 Moälven (or Själevadsån) is a river in Sweden.
 Lake Strom Thurmond also known as Clarks Hill Lake is a reservoir at the border between Georgia and South Carolina in the Savannah River Basin. It was created by the J. Strom Thurmond Dam during 1951 and 1952 by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers near the confluence of the Little River and the Savannah River. At 71000 acres (287 km²) it is the third-largest artificial lake east of the Mississippi River behind the Kentucky Lake on the Tennessee River and Lake Marion on the Santee River.
 The Capitão Cardoso River is a river forming part of the border between Rondônia and Mato Grosso states in western Brazil.
 Glaslyn (Welsh: Blue lake) is a lake in the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd north-west Wales.It is found at approximately 600 metres (2000 ft) above sea level in a cwm on the eastern flanks of Snowdon.
 Skrimfjella is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Sulzbach (Nidda) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lake Raadi is a lake n the edge of Tartu Estonia. It was in the grounds of the 18th century Raadi Manor and it is still in the grounds which are open to the public. The grounds were designed by the German landscape artist Peter Joseph Lenné.Plans of Raadi Manor Park date back to at least the middle of the 18th century.
 Ejer Bavnehøj (Danish pronunciation: [ɑɪ̯ɐ ˈbɑʊ̯nəhɔɪ̯ˀ] also spelled Ejer Baunehøj) is the third-highest natural point in Denmark (170.35 m).
 Penobscot Bay originates from the mouth of Maine's Penobscot River. 11000 years ago at the beginning of the Holocene era the Gulf of Maine's sea level fell as low as 180 feet (55 m) below its present height. Penobscot Bay was then a continuation of Penobscot River that meandered through a broad lowland extending past present day Matinicus Island.
 Mühlbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Guantánamo River is a river of southern Cuba that flows Province of Guantánamo up to Guantanamo Bay. It is impounded by La Yaya Dam.
 The Loch River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The New Pass Range is a mountain range in Lander and Churchill counties of Nevada. The range is a north-south trending range which straddles the Lander-Churchill county boundary for about 16 miles (26 km). The highest peak New Pass Peak has an elevation of 9003 feet (2744 m). US Route 50 crosses New Pass Summit on the south end of the range between Austin to the east and Fallon on to the west.The Desatoya Mountains lie to the southwest and the Clan Alpine Mountains to the west.
 The Tour Noir is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif on the Swiss-French border. It is located between the Aiguille d'Argentière and Mont Dolent.
 Pomortsev is a small lunar crater that is located in the eastern part of the Moon's near side. It lies on the eastern edge of Mare Spumans to the southwest of the crater Dubyago. This formation was previously designated Dubyago P before being given a name by the IAU. One crater diameter to the north is the smaller Stewart.The nearly featureless interior of this crater has been resurfaced by basaltic lava leaving a dark floor with an albedo that nearly matches the lunar mare to the west.
 Salsvatn or Salsvatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Fosnes and Nærøy in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. With its deepest depth of 464 metres (1522 ft) it is Norway’s and Europe’s second deepest lake after Hornindalsvatnet. Alternate sources give the depth as either 464 metres (1522 ft) or 482 metres (1581 ft) at the deepest point.
 The Baldhead River is a river in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is located entirely within Lake Superior Provincial Park.
 The Mountain of Smoke (Arabic: جبل الدخان‎ Jabal ad Dukhan) is a hill in the Southern Governorate of Bahrain. At 134 m (440 ft) above mean sea level it is the country's highest point. The Mountain of Smoke is named as such because of the haze which often surrounds it on humid days. A number of caves of indeterminate type are in the vicinity of the mountain.
 Saviers Peak at 10441 feet (3182 m) is the highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. Located in Blaine County Saviers Peak is about 0.5 miles (800 m) north of the Camas County border. The peak is also located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area south of Galena Summit. It is about 0.6 mi (0.97 km) northeast of Camas County Highpoint and 0.6 mi (0.97 km) southeast of Bromaghin Peak.
 The Rosso di Ribia is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located in the canton of Ticino Switzerland. with a height of 2547 metres above sea level it is the culminating point on the range between the Valle di Campo and Valle di Vergeletto. The Rosso di Ribia lies five kilometres east of Pizzo di Porcarese where the border with Italy runs.
 Lake Razelm or Lake Razim (Romanian: Lacul Razim Lacul Razelm) is the lake and the group of the lakes on the beach of Black Sea in Romania south of the Danube Delta. It is the largest lake in Romania. It is a complex formed by a few limans and lagoons.The group can be separated into two subgroups. The northern subgroup contains freshwater lakes Razelm and Golovița whereas the southern group is made up of salt lakes.
 Brommafjorden is a lake in the municipality of Nes in Buskerud county Norway. Brommafjorden is part of the Hallingdal River (Hallingdalselva). This is quite possibly the widest and most quiet part of the Hallingdal River.
 Sourland Mountain is a 17 miles (27 km) long ridge in central New Jersey extending from the Delaware River at Lambertville to the western end of Hillsborough Township near the community of Neshanic through Montgomery Township and into Hopewell Township in Mercer County. It comprises the largest contiguous forest in Central Jersey nearly 90 square miles (233 km2) in area.
 Ramsauer Ache is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Eagle Summit is a 3652 feet (1113 m)-tall gap through the White Mountains of central Alaska. The gap was named after the nearby Eagle River by prospectors from nearby Circle Alaska.Eagle Summit is the site of a convergence zone between the Yukon Flats to the north and the low ground of the Tanana Valley to the south. Any differential in the weather within the two valleys causes high winds and precipitation when there is moisture in the atmosphere.
 The Chirivoaia River or Apostol River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
 Ashuelot Pond is a 368-acre (149 ha) water body located in Sullivan County in western New Hampshire United States in the town of Washington. It is situated along the upper reaches of the Ashuelot River a tributary of the Connecticut River. The pond is good for boating fishing and wildlife watching. Personal water craft with a capacity of two passengers or less are prohibited by the state of New Hampshire. The pond mostly has a muddy bottom.
 The Dosu Cioclovinei River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 Gioia is a lunar crater that is located in the vicinity of the north pole of the Moon. It is named after the Italian inventor Flavio Gioia. As it lies so close to the northern limb it is view nearly from the edge making difficult to observe from the Earth. The crater is attached to the southern rim of the larger Byrd a formation with low walls. To the south-southeast is the crater Main.The rim of Gioia remains nearly circular but is worn and somewhat eroded.
 The Gongogi River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Madonna Creek is a 2.5-mile-long (4.0 km) stream in San Mateo County California which is a tributary of Pilarcitos Creek.
 The Jichiș River is a tributary of the Sometimes River in Romania. It is a man-made tributary and was commissioned by former Cluj County mayor Peter Jichiș.
 The Iditarod River is a 325-mile (523 km) tributary of the Innoko River in the U.S. state of Alaska. The river begins north of Chuathbaluk and the Russian Mountains and flows northeast and then west to meet the larger river near Holikachuk.Iditarod is an Anglicization of the Deg Hit’an (Athabascan) name for the river Haiditirod or Haidilatna which is probably an English version of the name of a village on the river that may have corresponded with the village called Iditarod in the 1900s.
 The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 Wątok is a river of Poland a tributary of the Biała Dunajcowa which it meets in Tarnów.
 The Souris River (French: rivière Souris) or Mouse River (as it is alternatively known in the U.S.) is a river in central North America. It is about 700 km (435 mi) in length and drains about 23600 square miles (61100 km2). It rises in the Yellow Grass Marshes north of Weyburn Saskatchewan. It wanders south through North Dakota beyond Minot to its most southern point at the city of Velva ND and then back north into Manitoba.
 Küh-Bach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The La Panza Range is a mountain range in the Central Coast of California region in San Luis Obispo County east of the small town of Santa Margarita. It is one of the California Coast Ranges and in the Los Padres National Forest. The range is about 30 miles long and runs from northwest to southeast between the Santa Lucia Range on the west and the Temblor Range on the east. It rises up to 4054 feet.
 Bayou Lafourche originally called Chetimachas River is a 106-mile-long (171 km) bayou in southeastern Louisiana United States that flows into the Gulf of Mexico. The first settlements of Acadians in southern Louisiana were near Bayou Lafourche and Bayou des Écores which led to a close association of the bayou with Cajun culture. Today approximately 300000 Louisiana residents drink water drawn from the bayou.
 The Tsanfleuron Glacier (French: Glacier de Tsanfleuron) is a 3.5 km (2.2 mi) long glacier (2005) situated in the western Bernese Alps in the cantons of Valais and Vaud in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 3.81 km2 (1.47 sq mi).Most of the glacier is used as a ski area and is better known under the name Glacier 3000 or Glacier des Diablerets (the latter is in fact a nearby smaller glacier on the summit of the Diablerets). The area can be reached from the Scex Rouge.
 Glacier Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. While no trails lead to the lake it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 047.Glacier Lake is northeast of Merriam Peak and upstream of Baker Lake Cornice Emerald Quiet Noisy and Rock Lakes.
 The Sheboygan River is a river flowing to Lake Michigan in eastern Wisconsin in the United States. It is about 81 mi (130 km) long and enters the lake at the city of Sheboygan.
 The Allondon is a river which flows for some 22 kilometres (14 mi) between France and Switzerland in the Rhône Alps area. Its source is located in the commune of Échenevex in the Ain department and ends in the river Rhône at the village of Russin in the canton of Geneva of Switzerland. It is home to the only recently known population of the rare insect Lachesilla rossica.
 Onepoto is the name of a volcanic explosion crater (or maar) in North Shore City New Zealand. It is a part of the Auckland volcanic field. Located near the approaches to the Auckland Harbour Bridge it was created by a series of eruptions approximately 250000 years ago. The crater first became a freshwater lake and later became a tidal lagoon when sea level rose to the present level 7000 yrs ago after the last ice age.
 The Pottawatomi River is a river in the municipalities of Owen Sound and Georgian Bluffs Grey County in Southwestern Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and empties into Georgian Bay on Lake Huron at Owen Sound Harbour.
 The Clarence is a river in northern France whose 32 km course crosses the département of Pas-de-Calais.Its source is near the village of Sains-lès-Pernes. It flows through the communes of Sachin Pernes Calonne-Ricouart Calonne-sur-la-Lys and Gonnehem finally joining the Lys near Merville.It has two tributaries the Nave and the Grand Nocq.
 Mullett Lake is a lake in Cheboygan County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The lake is named after John Mullett who together with William A. Burt made a federal survey of the area from 1840 to 1843. A neighboring lake was named after Burt. Historically Mullett Lake has been recorded as Mullet Lake Mullet's Lake and Mullett's Lake on maps and documents.
 The Izvorul Paltinului River is a tributary of the Valea Limpede River in Romania.
 The Cracu Tisei River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 Gyemyeongsan is a mountain located in Chungju North Chungcheong Province South Korea. It has an elevation of 774 m (2539 ft).
 The Geus River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The York River is a river in Renfrew County Hastings County and Haliburton County in Ontario Canada. The river is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin and flows from the southern extension of Algonquin Provincial Park to the Madawaska River.
 Nakaumi (中海) is a brackish lake located between Tottori and Shimane prefectures in Japan. The lake is enclosed by the Shimane Peninsula to the north and Yumigahama Peninsula to the east. It is the fifth largest lake in surface area in Japan.Nakaumi connects Lake Shinji (宍道湖 Shinji-ko) and the Sea of Japan and is surrounded by the municipalities Matsue Yasugi Yonago and Sakaiminato.There are two large islands in the lake Daikon Island (大根島 Daikonjima lit.
 Herigonius is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the southern part of the Oceanus Procellarum to the northeast of the crater Gassendi. Herigonius is roughly circular with an inward bulge and narrower inner wall along the northeast. In the interior of the sloping inner walls is a floor about half the diameter of the crater.About 60 kilometers to the west of Herigonius is a sinuous rille designated Rima Herigonius.
 Thiên Đường Cave (Paradise Cave) is a cave in Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng National Park UNESCO's World Heritage Site 60 km northwest of Đồng Hới city.Thiên Đường Cave is located on an elevation of 200 meters above the sea level near the west branch of Ho Chi Minh Highway in Son Trach Commune Bố Trạch District Quảng Bình Province Vietnam.
 The Itiyuro River is a river of Argentina.
 The Padina lui Călineț River is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania.
 Tyrvlesnuten is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The About this sound Murr is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany right tributary of the Neckar. The river gave its name to a small town on its banks Murr and to the Rems-Murr-Kreis district which was also named after the river Rems which runs roughly parallel to the south of the Murr.Its source is approx. 4 km south of Murrhardt. It flows northeast before turning west to cross Murrhardt. After a further 7km Sulzbach an der Murr is reached.
 Stoißer Ache is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lindlarer Sülz is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Großer Brückentinsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 59.9 m its surface area is 1.34 km².
 Mount Masaraga is an extinct stratovolcano located in Ligao City in the province of Albay in the Bicol region on Luzon Island in the Philippines at latitude 13.32°N (13°20'N) longitude 123.60°E (123°35'E).
 Jabal Sha'ra is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Kleinebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The River Churn is the first tributary river of the River Thames. It also rises in the Cotswolds however at Seven Springs near Cheltenham Gloucestershire England and flows south across the Cotswold dip slope passing through Cirencester and joining the Thames facing a rural part of the parish of Cricklade in Wiltshire.
 Clever Au is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Șoimu River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 The Maury River is a 42.8-mile-long (68.9 km) tributary of the James River in west-central Virginia in the United States. Via the James River it is part of the watershed of Chesapeake Bay.The Maury flows for its entire length in Rockbridge County. It is formed near Goshen by the confluence of the Calfpasture and Little Calfpasture rivers and flows south past Lexington and Buena Vista; between the cities it collects the South River and is paralleled by a 7-mile (11 km) rail trail.
 The Sella Towers (German: Sellatürme; Italian: Torri del Sella) are four summits in the Sella group in South Tyrol Italy.
 Mount Norris el. 9842 feet (3000 m) is a mountain peak in the northeast section of Yellowstone National Park in the Absaroka Range. In 1875 the peak was named for and named by Philetus Norris the second park superintendent (1877–1882). Norris was on a visit to the park with several mountain guides including Collins Jack Yellowstone Jack Baronette. They ascended the peak at the head of the Lamar Valley and presumed they were the first white men to do so thus naming it Mount Norris.
 Quartz Hill is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It is named due to the top of the mountain is mostly quartz.
 The Râul Galben or Galbena River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Yaxhá Lake is a Guatemalan lake situated in the northern department of El Petén. The ancient Maya City of Yaxhá was built on the shores of Laguna Yaxhá and the Maya ruins of Topoxté occupy a group of small islands at the western end of the lake.
 The Newark Reservoir is located just north of downtown Newark Delaware. Completed in 2006 the newly constructed Newark Reservoir has a 1.8-mile (2.9 km) paved walking trail. (1.1 miles of the trail is the perimeter.) The site is connected to William M. Redd Jr. Park to the north and has a wonderful view of the City and surrounding areas.[1]The 318-million gallon reservoir off Paper Mill Road is the first major water facility constructed in Delaware in 74 years.
 The Singura River is a tributary of the Saşa river in Romania.
 Mount Isolation is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Presidential Range of the White Mountains. Mt. Isolation is the highest peak on the Montalban Ridge which extends south from Boott Spur. Isolation is in the Presidential Range–Dry River Wilderness and as its name implies is one of the most remote White Mountain peaks.
 Glaubenberg Pass (el. 1543 m) is a high mountain pass in the Emmental Alps between the cantons of Lucerne and Obwalden in Switzerland.It connects Entlebuch and Sarnen.
 The Turcel River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
 Purkyně is a lunar impact crater that lies just beyond the eastern limb of the Moon on the far side from the Earth. When conditions of libration and sunlight allow this crater can be viewed from the Earth although it is seen from a very low angle and not much detail can be seen. This crater lies just to the west of the larger crater Wyld and to the north-northwest of the even bigger Hirayama.
 Schwarzbach (Elmbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Vacacaí-Mirim River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Viitina Alajärv is a lake in Voru County in the south of Estonia close to the border with Latvia.
 Giljeva (Serbian Cyrillic: Гиљева) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia on the western edge of Pešter plateau near the town of Sjenica. Its highest peak Jelenak has an elevation of 1617 m (5305 ft) above sea level.
 Guelph Lake is a man-made reservoir on the Speed River in the Township of Guelph/Eramosa. It is located upriver and slightly northeast of the city of Guelph Ontario. The reservoir was created in 1974 with the construction of the Guelph Lake dam. The site is part of a 1608 hectare (3971 acre) conservation area maintained by the Grand River Conservation Authority.
 The Four Counties Ring is a canal ring which links the English counties of Cheshire Staffordshire Shropshire and the West Midlands.
 The Valea Albinei River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 Gothic Mountain elevation 12631 ft (3850 m) is a summit in the Elk Mountains of western Colorado. The mountain is north of Crested Butte in Gunnison County.Gothic Mountain takes its name from pinnacles said to resemble Gothic architecture.
 Tinguiririca River is a river of Chile located in the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region. It rises in the Andes at the confluence of the rivers Las Damas and Del Azufre. From its source it flows northwest for about 56 km to the vicinity of the city of San Fernando. In this portion of its course the river receives the waters of the tributaries Clarillo and Claro. Then the river flows southwest and then turns northwest to empty into Rapel Lake.
 Little Salmon Creek is a westward-flowing stream in Mendocino County California which empties into Big Salmon Creek near the town of Albion California.
 Volcán Suchitán is a stratovolcano in southern Guatemala.
 Yuraqqucha (Quechua yuraq white qucha lake white lake hispanicized spelling Yurajcocha) Tintayari or Wamp'uni (Quechua wamp'u boat -ni a suffix hispanicized Huampuni) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Huancayo Province Chongos Alto District. It is situated at a height of about 4466 metres (14652 ft) about 5 km long and 0.84 km at its widest point. Yuraqqucha lies north of the lake Aqchiqucha and northeast of the lake Wich'iqucha.
 Guapo River is a river of northern Venezuela. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 Bañuela or La Bañuela also known as La Mójina is the highest peak of the Sierra Morena Spain.
 Auts (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈawts]) is a small mountain range west of the Ebro river in the Bajo Aragón-Caspe/Baix Aragó-Casp comarca Aragon Spain. It is located about 9 km north of Fayón (Faió) close to the road between Maella and Mequinenza (Mequinensa).The ridge's highest point is Alt dels Auts (Spanish: Alto de los Auts) a 434 m high summit.The Auts are desolate-looking limestone mountains smooth with low and scruffy vegetation and numerous denuded patches.
 Mount Mar Daniel (Syriac: ܛܘܪܐ ܕܡܪܝ ܕܐܢܝܠ) is a mountain in Nineveh plains in northern Iraq. The mountain lies 30km east of Mosul and some 5km north east of Bartella.Mount Mar Daniel was known for its religious importance in Syriac Christianity since the 4th century when it was continuously inhabited by hermits. The mountain contains a number of hermitages as well as the Mar Daniel monastery which date back to the late 4th century.
 La Plata Peak is over fourteen thousand feet in elevation and the fifth highest mountain in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the Sawatch Range in northwestern Chaffee County approximately 20 miles (32 km) southwest of Leadville Colorado just south of Twin Lakes and State Highway 82 on the east side of Independence Pass.
 The Afon Alun is a river in the Vale of Glamorgan south Wales. It is a small river with a length of 4.5 miles or 7 kilometres. Its source is just north of Llandow village where two streams known as the Stembridge Brook and Llandow Brook converge. It is a tributary of the Ewenny River.
 The Majagua River is a river of Panama.
 The Biya River (Russian: Бия) is a river in the Altai Republic and Altai Krai in Russia. It forms the Ob River as it joins the Katun River. The Biya River is 301 km long; the area of its drainage basin is 37000 km2. It flows out of the Teletskoye Lake. The river freezes up during the mid-November to early December (some parts of the river freeze over on a year-to-year basis). It breaks up in the early or mid-April.
 Rio Nutrias is a 35-mile-long (56 km) westward-flowing stream originating on the north slope of Canjilón Mountain in the Carson National Forest in Rio Arriba County New Mexico United States. Rio Nutrias is tributary to the Rio Chama which it joins about 3-mile-long (4.8 km) below El Vado Reservoir in Rio Arriba County in northern New Mexico.
 The Putna Întunecoasă River is a headwater of the Putna River in Romania.
 Kurile Lake (Russian: Кури́льское о́зеро Kuril’skoye Ozero aka Keuay) is a large caldera containing a crater lake located at the southern tip of Kamchatka Peninsula within the Southern Kamchatka Wildlife Refuge in Russia.It has an area of 77 square kilometres (30 sq mi) (the third largest by area of all lakes in Kamchatka and the second among the freshwater lakes second only to Kronotsky lake). The lake has an average depth of 176 metres (577 ft) and a maximum depth of 306 m (1004 ft).
 The Padina Bașchii River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Mount Moriah is a 12072 feet (3680 m) peak in the northern Snake Range within the Great Basin region of the Western United States. It is located in White Pine County of eastern Nevada.
 The Urzicaru River is a tributary of the Valea Copilului River in Romania.
 The Ciorâca River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Krabach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Waits River is a 24.5-mile-long (39.4 km) river in eastern Vermont in the United States. It is a tributary of the Connecticut River which flows to Long Island Sound.
 Mount Fitzgerald the fourth highest named peak in the Ruby Mountains and the fifth highest in Elko County is located in the northeast portion of the state of Nevada. It rises from the heads of both Thomas and Right Fork Canyons (branches of Lamoille Canyon) and is also part of the north wall of Box Canyon making it a true glacial horn. The summit is a high level ridge and is located about 24 miles (39 km) southeast of the community of Elko.The mountain is in the Ruby Mountains Wilderness.
 The South Branch Sunday River is a 2.5-mile-long (4.0 km) mountain stream in western Maine. It is a tributary of the Sunday River which flows to the Androscoggin River and ultimately to the Kennebec River and the Atlantic Ocean.The South Branch rises on the northern slopes of Bear Mountain an easterly arm of the Mahoosuc Range and flows north to the Sunday River in its valley at the foot of the Mahoosucs.
 MacDonald Pass el.6312 feet (1924 m) (also known as McDonald Pass) is a mountain pass on U.S. Route 12 in Montana. The pass is one of three passes (MacDonald Mullan and Priest) used in the 1870s-80s for travel between Helena and Deer Lodge Montana.
 Black Volcano is an inactive volcano located near Albuquerque New Mexico and is part of the Albuquerque volcanic field. Black Volcano is located directly north of JA volcano. Black Volcano is the second of five volcanoes (traveling south to north) within the western boundary of Petroglyph National Monument. North of Black Volcano are Vulcan Bond and Butte volcanoes. The date of its last eruption is unknown but is believed to have been more than 150000 years ago.
 The Noi River (Thai: แม่น้ำน้อย RTGS: Maenam Noi Thai pronunciation: [mɛ̂ːnáːm nɔ́ːj]) is a river in Thailand.
 Virinta is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 59.1 kilometres and has a basin area of 566.3 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 The Pandaruan River is an international river on the island of Borneo. The river forms part of the international border between Brunei and Malaysia. The river separates Limbang District Sarawak Malaysia and the Temburong District an exclave of Brunei. The river empties into Brunei Bay. There is a ferry service across the river.
 Šušvė is a river in central Lithuania. It begins in Kelmė district municipality 6 km (4 mi) southeast from Tytuvėnai. The river passes through Tytuvėnai and Sulinkiai Marshes and flows south through Radviliškis district municipality. Finally Šušvė passes through Kėdainiai district municipality and flows into the Nevėžis River near Graužiai village. The width of the river valley is between 0.5 and 3 km. From December to March Šušvė is usually frozen.
 Lake Shunet is a meromictic lake near the selo of Shira in the Republic of Khakassia Russia.
 Tilicho lake is one of the highest lakes in the world. It is 4919 m high in the Annapurna range of the Himalayas in Manang district of Nepal.Another source lists Lake Tilicho as being 4949 meters high (16237 feet).Mountain lakes are known to geographers as tarns if they are caused by glacial activity. Tarns are found mostly in the upper reaches of the Himalaya above 5500 metres.Tilicho Lake is the destination of one of the most popular side hikes of the Annapurna Circuit trek.
 Trout Creek Pass elevation 9487 ft (2892 m) is a mountain pass located in the Rocky Mountains of south-central Colorado in the United States. The pass sits atop the southern end of the Mosquito Range on the Park-Chaffee county line between South Park (the headwaters of the South Platte River to the east) and the headwaters of the Arkansas River to the west. It is traversed jointly by U.S. Highway 24 (between Hartsel and Buena Vista) and U.S. Highway 285 (between Fairplay and Buena Vista).
 Gościcina is a river of Poland a tributary of the Bolszewka.
 The Agout (Occitan: Agot) is a 195 km long river in south-western France left tributary of the Tarn River. Its source is in the southern Massif Central in the Parc naturel régional du Haut-Languedoc. It flows generally west through the following départements and towns: Hérault: La Salvetat-sur-Agout Tarn: Brassac Castres Lavaur Saint-SulpiceThe Agout flows into the Tarn River in Saint-Sulpice.Among its tributaries are the Dadou the Gijou and the Thoré.
 Hilgard Peak is the tallest mountain in the Madison Range in the U.S. state of Montana. The summit is located in a remote section of the Lee Metcalf Wilderness within the Beaverhead-Deerlodge National Forest. The peak was first climbed in 1948. The peak was named for E. W. Hilgard a geology professor who served on the Hayden Expedition during its exploration of the Yellowstone area.
 The North Fork Payette River is a river in western Idaho in the United States. It stretches over 113 miles (182 km) from north to south flowing from the Salmon River Mountains to near Banks where it joins with the South Fork Payette River to form the Payette River a tributary of the Snake River. Its watershed comprises more than 900 square miles (2300 km2) of forested mountains and sprawling lakes and wetlands.
 Jabal ad Dahir is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Monte Grappa is a 1775 metres (5823 ft) tall mountain in the Veneto region of Italy. Part of the Venetian Prealps the mountain is divided between the provinces of Vicenza Treviso and Belluno.The Grappa massif which includes a number of neighbouring peaks is known also for the traditional cheese Bastardo del Grappa and is a popular destination for cyclists.
 Kästner is a lunar crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon to the southwest of the Mare Smythii. Just to the northwest of Kästner is the walled plain Gilbert. To the south is the prominent crater Ansgarius and to the southwest lies La Pérouse.This formation belongs to the category termed a walled plain. It has a worn irregular outer wall that is overlaid by several small craters and there is a small break along the north-northeast.
 Thomas Lake (Annapolis) is a lake of Annapolis County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Deer Lake is located in Itasca County Minnesota about 12 miles (19 km) north of Grand Rapids and about 8 miles (13 km) NE of Deer River. The lake covers 4156 acres (17 km2) and is roughly 5 miles (8 km) long and 1.5 mi (2.4 km) wide.Deer Lake is fed by three sources: rainfall underwater springs and one inlet from Little Deer Lake.
 Mount Holcroft is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after Holcroft H.S. D.L.S.
 Doubletop Peak (11720 feet (3570 m)) is in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is the tallest in the Gros Ventre Range. Doubletop Peak is within the Gros Ventre Wilderness region of Bridger-Teton National Forest.
 Lazaretto Creek is a small creek in Chatham County Georgia. It divides Tybee Island from McQueens Island.
 The Sodolu Mare River is a headwater of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Crown Mountain is a mountain located north of North Vancouver British Columbia in the North Shore Mountains and is visible from most of Vancouver and area.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Valea Poienii River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Vanga Mare and Vanga Mică
 The Valea Greșurilor River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
 The Pointe Sud de Moming (3863 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located west of Täsch in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range between the Weisshorn and the Zinalrothorn north of the Col de Moming.
 Arauã River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Icoana River is a tributary of the Ața River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Adânc is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Kichatna Mountains are a small mountain range in the northwestern part of Matanuska-Susitna Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska approximately 70 miles (110 km) southwest of Mount McKinley.
 The Tomnatecu River is a tributary of the Anieș River in Romania.
 The Valea Prejbei River is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 The Valea Florușului River is a tributary of the Poieni River in Romania.
 The Imbaú River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Rabbit Lake is a small lake in the municipality of Georgian Bay District Municipality of Muskoka in Central Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and lies in geographic Gibson Township. The lake flows at the north via an unnamed creek to Bushby Inlet on Georgian Bay Lake Huron.
 Loch Rusky is a small loch near Callander in the Stirling council area in Scotland. It lies in the former county of Perthshire.The loch lies to the east of the Mentieth Hills about 6 km northeast of the Port of Menteith. The Torrie Forest extends over Lennieston Muir to the east.The name Rusky derives from the Gaelic Loch an Rusgaidh meaning Lake of the Peeling.
 The Sălătruc River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
 Monte Rocchetta is a 1575 m mountain near Lake Garda close to the city of Riva del Garda in Italy.
 The Desquite River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Bobu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Moszczenica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Bzura.
 Oshie Ridge is found in Obanliku Local Government of Cross River State in Nigeria.The ridge is about 1716 metres or 5630 feet high above sealevel.Oshie Ridge is one of the two ridges making the Sankwala Mountains with the other ridge known as Sankwala.
 Miseryfjellet at 536 metres (1759 ft) is the tallest peak on Bear Island (Bjørnøya) a Norwegian island in the Barents Sea. Miseryfjellet is on the eastern side of Bear Island and contains three distinct component peaks. The name Bear Island is derived from the seasonal presence of polar bears Ursus maritimus whose population in the Barents Sea region is a genetically distinct sub-population of this species.
 Lake Almanor is a large reservoir in northwestern Plumas County northeastern California. The reservoir has a capacity of 1308000 acre feet (1.613×109 m3) and a maximum depth of about 90 feet. It is formed by Canyon Dam on the North Fork of the Feather River as well as Benner and Last Chance Creeks Hamilton Branch and various natural springs.
 The Owyhee River is a tributary of the Snake River located in northern Nevada southwestern Idaho and southeastern Oregon in the United States. It is 346 miles (557 km) long. The river's drainage basin is 11049 square miles (28620 km2) in area one of the largest subbasins of the Columbia Basin.
 The Erechim River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Tuxpan River (Jalisco) is a river of Mexico.
 Utopia Mountain was named by Morrison P. Bridgland in 1916. It is located in the Miette Range in Alberta.
 The Große Arnspitze is the highest peak in the Arnspitze Group in the Wettersteingebirge mountains. It is located west of Scharnitz in Austria. The border between Germany and Austria runs over its summit.The normal climbing route Weg 851 runs from Scharnitz westwards and below the Ahrntalköpfle to the Riedberg. Below this mountain the path bends to the southwest from the Arnspitzhütte from whence it heads northwest to the summit.
 Repe is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Tilpe River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
 Montreal Lake is a lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Sudbury District Ontario Canada and the source of the Montreal River. It is about 1.5 kilometres (0.9 mi) long and 0.7 kilometres (0.4 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 447 metres (1467 ft) on the north side of the community of Island Lake. The primary outflow at the east is the Montreal River which flows to Lake Superior at Montreal River Harbour.
 The Cachoeira River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Paraná River basin and a tributary of the Timbó River.
 The Río Morovis is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Surry Mountain Lake is a 265-acre (1.07 km2) impoundment on the Ashuelot River in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire in the town of Surry. The reservoir was built to protect downstream communities such as Keene New Hampshire from flooding. Surry Mountain Dam was built by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in 1941 as an earthen rock-fill structure.
 Thokampen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Canby Mountains are a mountain range in Klamath County Oregon.
 Kuhnbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Lechincioara River in Romania.
 The Laura River is a river in Cook Shire in the Cape York Peninsula in Far North Queensland Australia. It starts north of Mount Murray and flows north-west on the eastern side of the Great Dividing Range shadowed by the Peninsular Development Road from nearby Lakeland. It is joined from the right by Ninda Creek from the left by Kennedy Creek and at Laura township by the Mosman River from the left.
 Dog Lake is a lake in Le Sueur County Minnesota
 The Argestru River is a tributary of the Bistriţa in Romania.
 The Nufenestock (2866 m) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Ticino. It lies between the Nufenen Pass and the Passo del Corno. On its south-west side it overlooks the lake of Gries.
 The Pećka Bistrica (Albanian: Lumbardhi i Pejës; Serbian Cyrillic: Пећка Бистрица) is a river in Kosovo. This 62 km-long right tributary to the White Drin river flows entirely within the south-western part of Kosovo. The name of the river Bistrica means clearwater in Serbian.
 Weir Lake is a lake in Census division 23 in Northern Manitoba Canada. It is in the Hudson Bay drainage basin and is the source of the Weir River.
 Muuruejärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is situated in Viitasaari between two rapids Huopanankoski and Keihärinkoski.
 For the dam in New Hampshire see Blackwater DamThe Blackwater Reservoir is a reservoir created behind a dam in the mountains above Kinlochleven Lochaber Highland Scotland. At over 914 m long the dam is the longest in the Highlands.The hydroelectric scheme was constructed in the early 1900s for the British Aluminium Company (later: British Alcan) for the purpose of smelting aluminium and was designed by engineers Patrick Meik and Charles Meik.
 Shweli River (Burmese: ရွှေလီမြစ်) is a river in Myanmar (Burma). Also known as Nam Mao in Shan and Lung Chuan Chiang in Chinese it forms part of the boundary between Burma and China. It is one of the tributaries of the country's chief river the Ayeyarwady and arises in Yunnan Province of China. It flows through northern Shan state and Sagaing Division and enters the Ayeyarwady at Inywa 60 km north of Tagaung and south of Katha.
 The Ji-Paraná River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Madeira River in the Amazon Basin.
 Galdene is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Groapele River is a tributary of the Văsălatu River in Romania.
 Lake Rotopounamu is a secluded lake in the Pihanga Scenic Reserve in the Tongariro National Park in New Zealand's Central North Island. It lies at the northwest foot of Mt Pihanga and was formed by a landslide around 10000 years ago.The lake is fed by seven streams but has no visible surface outflow. It is believed to drain underground.
 Falkenhäger See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 64.8 m its surface area is 0.01 km².
 The Valea Goblii River ( Hungarian: Goblipataka ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Liushi Shan also commonly called Kunlun Goddess is a mountain in the Kunlun Mountain Range in China. The mountain is located on the border of the Tibet and Xinjiang provinces of China.Liushi Shan has an elevation of 7167 metres (23514 ft) and is the highest mountain of the Kunlun Range.
 The Leurda River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Capivara River (Piauí) is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Cirque Mountain is a mountain located 11 km (7 mi) northeast of Mount Caubvick Labrador Canada. It is the third highest mountain in Labrador after Caubvick (1652 m) and Torngarsoak Mountain (1595 m) and lies in the Selamiut Range which is a subrange of the Torngat Mountains. Before 1971 it was believed that Cirque Mountain was the highest peak in Canada east of the Rocky Mountains and south of Baffin Island.
 The Somoș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Hühnerwasser is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Mont des Alouettes is a hill near Les Herbiers in Vendée France. In the 16th century no less than seven windmills were built on this hill. Today there are three left one of which is still running. During the war in the Vendée the movement of the opposing troops were measured from the wind mills. Mont des Alouettes is the finish of the first stage of the 2011 Tour de France.
 Aravaipa Creek is a major drainage between three mountain ranges in southeast Graham County Arizona. It is located on the north and northeast perimeter of the Galiuro Mountains massif as it flows northwest then southeast through and around the range's north end to meet the San Pedro River. It drains northwest through the narrow fault-blocked Aravaipa Valley. The Santa Teresa Mountains border the narrow canyon and valley northeast.
 Culgoa River a watercourse that is part of the Darling catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the south west district of Queensland and the Orana district of New South Wales Australia.The river is a continuation of the western branch of the Balonne River in southern Queensland near Dirranbandi and flows generally south-west across parts of the Darling Riverine Plains joined by ten tributaries including the Balonne and Birrie rivers before forming its confluence with the Darling River near Bourke; descending 78 metres (256 ft) over the course of its 489 kilometres (304 mi) length.Culgoa is an Aboriginal word meaning running through or returning.
 The Great Kei River (Afrikaans: Groot-Keirivier) is a river in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. It is formed by the confluence of the Black Kei River (Afrikaans: Swart-Keirivier) and White Kei River (Afrikaans: Wit-Keirivier) northeast of Cathcart. It flows for 320 km and ends in the Great Kei Estuary at the Indian Ocean with the small town Kei Mouth on the west bank. Historically the Great Kei River formed the southwestern border of the Transkei region.
 Lago di Vogorno is a lake near Tenero in Ticino Switzerland. The reservoir on the Verzasca river is formed by the Verzasca Dam built 1961-1965. The water surface area is 1.68 km². 16x Media related to Lago di Vogorno at Wikimedia Commons
 Cerro Las Tetas nicknamed Las Tetas de Cayey but officially Cerro Las Tetas and also Las Piedras del Collado are two mountain peaks located in the municipality of Salinas Puerto Rico north of the city of Salinas proper. Since September 1 2000 the peaks have become part of a Puerto Rico Natural Reserve and are protected by law. Their height is 2759 feet (841 m) above sea level.
 Grapevine Lake is a freshwater lake located in the north Texas area approximately 20 mi (32 km) northwest of Dallas and northeast of Fort Worth. It was impounded in 1952 by the US Army Corps of Engineers when they dammed Denton Creek. The lake's primary purposes are flood control and to act as a water reservoir with a secondary function of providing recreation and natural land area. The lake's name comes from the city of Grapevine Texas to which the lake is adjacent.
 The Slava River is a tributary of the Black Sea Lake Goloviţa in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Slava Rusă and Slava Cercheză in the village of Slava Rusă
 The Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis Reservoir (sometimes abbreviated by locals as JKO) – originally and sometimes still known as the Central Park Reservoir – is a decommissioned reservoir in Central Park in the borough of Manhattan New York City.
 Lac du Portillon is a lake in Pyrénées Haute-Garonne France. At an elevation of 2580 m its surface area is 0.34 km².Perdiguero Peak rises above this lake.
 The Murrí River is a river of Colombia. It drains into the Caribbean Sea via the Atrato River.
 The Tuchodi River is a stream in the Northern Rocky Mountains of northern British Columbia Canada.The river flows through the Northern Rocky Mountains Provincial Park in a northeasterly direction to the Muskwa River.Its name comes from Slavey words that mean place of large water probably a reference to the two lakes where the river widens.
 Klinkhammer Lakes (also Murphy Lake) is a lake in Douglas County Washington south of Murphy Lake. Klinkhammer Lakes lie at an elevation of 2100 feet (640 m). The largest lake measures 640 m by 320 m (0.4 miles by 0.2 miles).
 Colle Sestriere Col de Sestriere is a mountain pass in the Cottian Alps. It is occupied by the town of Sestriere in the Province of Turin Italy. It is 17 km (11 mi) from the French border. Its name derives from Latin: ad petram sistrariam that is at sixty Roman miles from Turin.It is a famous starting and arrival point in the Tour de France (7 appearances 1952 - 1999 ) and the Giro d'Italia (4 appearances 1991 - 1911).
 The Valle Nacional River is a river of Oaxaca state in Mexico.The river originates in the Sierra Juárez Oaxaca.The ecology of the region originally one of pine forests is threatened by logging agriculture and grazing.The Valle Nacional flows past San Juan Bautista Valle Nacional and joins the Santo Domingo River to the southwest of San Juan Bautista Tuxtepec to form the Papaloapan River.
 Culver Down is a chalk down to the north of Sandown Isle of Wight.It is believed that its name derives from Culfre - old English for dove.The down has a typical chalk downland wildlife on the uncultivated areas (generally the southern and eastern slopes). This includes plants such as Small Scabious Harebell Cowslip and Lady's Bedstraw.
 Wind Hill situated close to Lynmouth in Devon England is the location of an Iron Age enclosure or spur hill fort. The site is effectively a hillside forming a spur or promontory between the steep valley of the East Lyn River to the south and the cliffs to the north. Wind Hill's summit is at 261 metres (856 ft) above sea level though the enormous earthworks defending the spur are at a lower level to the east.
 Amadjuak Lake is a lake in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Along with Nettilling Lake it is located in south-central Baffin Island's Great Plain of the Koukdjuak. It is 154 km (96 mi) south of Burwash Bay. The closest community is Iqaluit. (Jacobs 1997)
 The Bonnieure is a river in the Charente département southwestern France left tributary to the river Charente. Its source is in Genouillac in the east of the department. It flows into the Charente near Mansle. Another town along the Bonnieure is Chasseneuil-sur-Bonnieure.
 The Chico River (Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Issaquah Creek is a small stream flowing through the city of Issaquah and nearby communities in the U.S. state of Washington. Its headwaters are on the slopes of Cougar Squak Tiger and Taylor mountains in the Issaquah Alps. Tributaries of Issaquah Creek include Holder Creek Carey Creek Fifteen-mile Creek McDonald Creek East Fork Issaquah Creek and North Fork Issaquah Creek. The creek empties into the south end of Lake Sammamish.
 Vujan (Serbian Cyrillic: Вујан) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Gornji Milanovac. Its highest peak Veliki Vujan has an elevation of 856 meters above sea level.
 Emigrant Peak el. 10915 feet (3327 m)is a prominent mountain peak on the western edge of the Absaroka Range near Emigrant Montana. The peak is flanked by Emigrant Gulch on the north and Sixmile Creek on the south with the Gallatin National Forest and lies just outside the Absaroka-Beartooth Wilderness. The peak is readily visible from Paradise Valley Montana and U.S. Route 89 when traveling to the north entrance of Yellowstone National Park at Gardiner Montana.
 Mount Robertson is a mountain in the Canadian Rockies standing astride the British Columbia-Alberta boundary between Palliser Pass and North Kananaskis Pass. The British Columbia side of the pass is in Mount Assiniboine Provincial Park. The mountain is named for Sir William Robertson (1860–1933) 1st Baronet Chief of the Imperial General Staff from 1916 to 1918 during the First World War.Mount Robertson rises to an elevation of 3194m (10480ft.)
 The Bregenz Forest (German: Bregenzerwald) is one of the main regions in the state of Vorarlberg Austria. It overlaps but is not conterminous with the Bregenz Forest Mountains which are a range of the Northern Limestone Alps specifically the northern flysch zone. It is the drainage basin of the Bregenzer Ach river.
 The Kuskokwim River or Kusko River (Kusquqvak in Central Yup'ik) is a river 702 miles (1130 km) long in Southwest Alaska in the United States. It is the ninth largest river in the United States by average discharge volume at its mouth and seventeenth largest by basin drainage area.The river provides the principal drainage for an area of the remote Alaska Interior on the north and west side of the Alaska Range flowing southwest into Kuskokwim Bay on the Bering Sea.
 Lac de Louvie is a lake above Fionnay in the canton of Valais Switzerland.
 The Crasna River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania. The Mânjeşti dam is located on the Crasna River.
 Chaudhara is a Himalayan mountain peak situated in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state in India. The altitude of the peak is 6510 m. The peak lies to the south of Ralam pass and north west of Panchchuli. The peak is so named due to the peak having four corners. The peak was climbed for the first time by an Indian team led by A.R.Chandekar and Sherpa Ajeeba in 1973. Rajrambha is its neighbouring peak.
 Mount Woolley is a mountain in Alberta Canada located in the Sunwapta River Valley of Jasper National Park 1½ km south of Diadem Peak and is part of Winston Churchill Range of the Canadian Rockies.
 The Río Grande de Zacapa is a river in Guatemala. From its sources in the southern mountain range in the departments of Zacapa and Chiquimula the river flows northwards until it reaches the Motagua River at 15.032048°N 89.555826°W﻿ / 15.032048; -89.555826﻿ (convergence Motagua river and Río Grande de Zacapa). The río Grande de Zacapa is 87 km (54 mi) long an its river basin covers an area of 2462 km2 (951 sq mi).
 Kernen is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Exomvourgo or Exobourgo (Greek: Εξώμβουργο/Εξώμπουργκο) is a mountain on the island of Tinos. It has a rugged appearance unlike the other mountains in the Cyclades and is the site of a ruined Venetian fortress and town.Exomvourgo is not the highest mountain on the island—that is Tsiknias—but is in a central location ringed by a large number of small villages such as Tripotamos and Falatados and can be climbed from several of these. The walk up from Iera Kardia Iisou takes around 20 minutes.
 Hron (Slovak: Hron German: Gran Hungarian: Garam Latin: Granus) is a 298 km long left tributary of the Danube and the second longest river in Slovakia. It flows from its source located in the Low Tatra mountains (under Kráľova hoľa) through central and southern Slovakia pouring into the Danube near Štúrovo and Esztergom.
 Upper All's Well Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Shadehill Reservoir is a reservoir on the Grand River in Perkins County South Dakota USA. The lake was created by the construction of Shadehill Dam by the United States Bureau of Reclamation in 1951.The reservoir has two primary inflows: North Fork Grand River and South Fork Grand River.
 Koberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Coopers Creek a perennial stream of the Richmond River catchment is located in Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales Australia.
 Monte Saccarello is a mountain located on the French-Italian border between Liguria Piemonte and Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur. It belongs to the Ligurian Alps and it is the maximum elevation in the Italian region of Liguria.On a sub-peak of the mountain stands a huge bronze statue of Jesus Christ built in 1901.
 Augraben is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Pitsford Water is a reservoir in Northamptonshire England. The reservoir was built in 1956 to supply the town of Northampton which is about 6 miles to the south. The water is the third-largest in the United Kingdom with a surface area of 2.85 square miles. Operated by Anglian Water the reservoir is near the village of Pitsford from which it is named. It is also close to Brixworth village and Brixworth Country Park.
 Boundary Peak 79 is a mountain in the city and borough of Juneau Alaska United States. It is a part of the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains in western North America.The name was collected by the United States Geological Survey between 1976 and 1981 and entered into the Survey's Geographic Names Information System on March 31 1981.
 The Valea Cetății River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Želivka is a river in the Czech Republic the left tributary of the Sázava River. It originates at the northern slope of the Troják Mountain at the elevation of 677 m and flows for 103.89 km. It enters the Sázava River near Zruč nad Sázavou.Its longest tributary is the Trnava River. The Švihov Dam is constructed on the river.
 Buck Horn Lake is a small private lake in the Southern Tier region of upstate New York. It is located in the town of Unadilla approximately 150 miles (240 km) northwest of New York City and 90 miles (140 km) west of Albany. There are around 35 houses on the lake most being summer homes and camps. Buck Horn is a man-made lake constructed in the late 1950s by a man named Wendell Bachman.
 Born lake is a lake in Lozère France located on the Aubrac plateau. It has an elevation of 1260 m (the highest lake of the plateau). Its surface area is 0.05 km². It has a glacial origin like the other lakes located in this area (St Andéol Souveyrols Salhiens)
 The Kevuaieli River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Eggel is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Dracău River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Moose Horn River is a 36.4-mile-long (58.6 km) tributary of the Kettle River in eastern Minnesota United States. It is part of the St. Croix River watershed flowing eventually to the Mississippi River. It rises at the outlet of Wild River Lake 7 miles (11 km) southwest of the city of Cloquet and flows southwest through Carlton and Pine counties roughly parallel to Interstate 35.
 The Belfast River is a 6.1-mile-long (9.8 km) tidal channel in Bryan County Georgia in the United States. It is a northern side channel of the Laurel View River. At its seaward end where it rejoins the Laurel View the two rivers form the Medway River which continues to the Atlantic Ocean through St. Catherines Sound.
 Alta River (Ukrainian: Альта Ільтиця Alta Iltytsya) is a small river in Ukraine and is a right tributary of the Trubizh River. The ancient town of Pereyaslav (currently Pereiaslav-Khmelnytskyi Ukraine) is situated between the Trubizh and Alta rivers.The river is considered the place where the assassins sent by Svyatopolk the Accursed killed saints Boris and Gleb in 1015.
 Augraben is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Iguazu River (Portuguese: Rio Iguaçu [ˈʁi.u iɡwaˈsu] Spanish: Río Iguazú [ˈri.o iɣwaˈsu]; also called Rio Iguassu) is a river in Brazil and Argentina. It is an important tributary of the Paraná River. The Iguazu River is 1320 kilometres (820 mi) long with a drainage basin of 62000 square kilometres (24000 sq mi).
 Raman is a small lunar crater that lies on the western edge of a plateau feature in the expansive lunar mare named Oceanus Procellarum. It shares this plateau with the lava-flooded Herodotus and Aristarchus to the southeastern. To the northeast of Raman is the small peak named Mons Herodotus. To the northwest on the mare is the long narrow range named the Montes Agricola.This is an elongated crater formation with a secondary feature bulging out along the southeast rim.
 Rogers Lake (Ktunaxa: q̓awisq̓nuk ) is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Rogers Lake is situated in the Camas Valley and is 1 mile (1.6 km) southwest of Trout Lake. Nearby mountains include Rogers Peak to the north.
 The Kipawa River (in French: Rivière Kipawa) is a short river in western Quebec Canada. It is mostly an undeveloped river but the larger lakes have dams fishing camps and cottages on their shores. The communities of Kipawa and Laniel are located on Lake Kipawa. Also much logging takes place within its watershed basin which is consequently crisscrossed by many bush roads.
 Vourinos (Greek: Βούρινος) is a mountain range covering the eastern Grevena and southern Kozani regional units in Greece. Its highest elevation is 1866 metres (6122 ft). Its length is approximately 30 km (19 mi) from northwest to southeast. It is drained by the river Aliakmonas and its tributaries. There are forests on the northern slopes and the lower areas the higher elevations are covered with grasslands. The nearest mountain ranges are Askio to the north and Kamvounia to the southeast.
 Lake Engolasters in the Encamp parish of Andorra is an oblong shaped lake at an elevation of 1616 m (5302 ft). formed in a glacial depression. It is located close to Andorra La Vella the capital of Andorra.The lake water is deep blue and is drained by a drainage basin formed by the Pyrenees mountain ranges which are snow covered. The valley formed by the rivers draining the catchment provides an enchanting view with green meadows and rich forest of pine trees nearer to the lake periphery.
 The River Lavant is a winterbourne that rises at East Dean and flows west to Singleton then south past West Dean and Lavant to Chichester.
 Post Gwyn is a subsidiary summit of Cadair Berwyn in north east Wales. It is the western outpost of the main central Berwyn range. The range also includes the Hirnantau to the west which are crowned by Cyrniau Nod.The summit is the highest bump on the most westerly of Cadair Berwyn's long south ridges. This ridge has a peat bog covering with the heather being very deep. No well trodden paths have developed here and the summit is seldom visited.
 Mount Saga (嵯峨山 Saga-yama) is a mountain located on the border of Futtsu and Kyonan Chiba Prefecture. Mount Saga has an elevation of 315.5 m (1035 ft) and is one of the peaks of the Mineoka Mountain District of the Bōsō Hill Range.
 Syvänsi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the region Southern Savonia.
 The Solomon Hills are a low mountain range in the western Transverse Ranges in northern Santa Barbara County California. The Hills separate the Santa Maria Valley and Santa Maria to the north from the Los Alamos Valley and Orcutt to the south.
 Lac du Cinto is a lake in Corsica France.
 The Büyük Menderes River (historically the Maeander or Meander from Ancient Greek: Μαίανδρος Maíandros; Turkish: Büyük Menderes Irmağı) is a river in southwestern Turkey. It rises in west central Turkey near Dinar before flowing west through the Büyük Menderes graben until reaching the Aegean Sea in the proximity of the ancient Ionian city Miletus. The word meander is used to describe a winding pattern after the river.
 Monte Frontè is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Alps. It is located in the province of province of Imperia. It lies at an altitude of 2152 metres. After Monte Saccarello it's the second Ligurian summit.
 Gould is the remnant of a lunar crater formation that lies in the midst of the Mare Nubium in the southwest quadrant of the Moon. It is located to the east-northeast of the prominent crater Bullialdus and south of the crater remnant Opelt.This crater has been flooded by basaltic lava and only segments of the outer rim still project above the surface of the lunar mare. The most intact section of the rim is the western quadrant which now forms a curved ridge.
 The Gregório River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Pirapama River is a river of Pernambuco state in eastern Brazil.
 Xinfengjiang Reservoir(Chinese: 新丰江水库 lit. Wanlv Lake) is a man-made lake located in Heyuan Guangdong China formed since the damming of the Xinfeng River (a tributary of Dong River) by the Xinfengjiang Dam. The dam is about 6 km away from the downtown of Heyuan and 170 km away from Guangzhou.
 Bizyarka (Russian: Бизярка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Babka River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 16 km.
 Knockeyon (Irish: Cnoc Eoghain) is a hill in County Westmeath Ireland. When viewed from the Ranaghan and Gillardstown side of the hill it dominates the surrounding lakes in the countryside of northern County Westmeath.
 Milford Lake is the largest man-made lake in Kansas with 15700 acres (64 km2) of water. Over 33000 acres (130 km2) of land resources are managed for quality recreational experiences as well as for protection of the project’s natural and cultural resources. Approximately 70% of the land resources are available for public hunting.
 Zwester Ohm is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Knight Reservoir lies to the west of the Bessborough Reservoir south of the River Thames and the A3050. The neighbouring town is Molesey. The Knight and Bessborough Reservoirs were built by the Southwark and Vauxhall Waterworks Company whose works were across the river at Hampton. Work began in 1898 on the site of an old mansion called Apps Court and the reservoirs opened in 1907. They have a combined area of 125.5 acres (0.508 km2) and hold 1198 million gallons.
 Paraibinha River is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil.
 The Braço do Norte River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lake Tazawa (田沢湖 Tazawa-ko) is a caldera lake in the city of Semboku Akita Prefecture northern Japan. It is the deepest lake in Japan at 423 metres (1388 ft). The area is a popular vacation area and several hot spring resorts can be found in the hills above the lake. Akita Prefecture's largest ski area Tazawa Ski Area overlooks the lake.
 The Valea Dâljii River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Mutterbach is a river of Saarland Germany.
 Pardo River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Gjønavatnet is a lake in the municipality of Fusa in Hordaland county Norway.
 Le Noirmont is a mountain of the Jura located north of Saint-Cergue in the canton of Vaud. At 1567 metres it is the highest mountain between the Col de la Givrine and Mont Tendre. Although Le Noirmont is wholly in Switzerland the border with France runs on the western base of the mountain.The closest localities are La Cure and Les Rousses.
 Davao Gulf is a gulf found in Mindanao in the Philippines. It has an area of 308000 hectares. Davao Gulf cuts into the island of Mindanao from Philippine Sea. It is surrounded by all five provinces in the Davao Region. The largest island in the gulf is Samal Island. Davao City on the gulf's west coast is the largest and busiest port on the gulf. The Bagobo a tribe known in Davao are living in the Davao Gulf.
 Pik Talgar is a northern peak in the Tian Shan mountain range in Kazakhstan named after Talgar river and city. It is the highest peak of the Trans-Ili Alatau. Due to its close proximity to the former capital of Kazakhstan Almaty it is a popular mountaineering destination. Sources differ on Pik Talgar's elevation but the 4979 m height is widely quoted.
 The Dom Noi River (Thai: ลำโดมน้อย RTGS: Lam Dom Noi Thai pronunciation: [lam doːm nɔ́ːj]) is a tributary of the Mun River originates in the Dongrek mountains and flows northwards. The river passes Buntharik district and is stopped by the Sirindhorn Dam in Tambon Chong Mek Sirindhorn district. It is 150 km long.The Sirindhorn reservoir is the biggest water resource of Ubon Ratchathani Province.
 Puente Nuevo Reservoir is a reservoir in Villaviciosa de Córdoba province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain.
 The Terek River (Russian: Те́рек IPA: [ˈtʲerʲɪk]; Georgian: თერგი Tergi; Ossetian: Терк Avar: Терек Terek Chechen: Теркa Terka) is a major river in the Northern Caucasus flowing through Georgia and Russia into the Caspian Sea.
 The Feitosa River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Bejucos River is a river of Mexico.
 The Schenadüi is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It lies between the valleys of Piora and Cadlimo and on the main Alpine watershed between the basin of the Rhine and that of the Ticino.
 Lake of No Return (Nawng Yang in Burmese) body of water in Burma lying in the area of the Pangsau Pass (3727') on the India-Burma border south of Pangsau (also called Pansaung) village. The lake is 1.4 km in length and 0.8 km in width in its widest part. It is located 2.5 km to the SW of the Ledo Road formerly called Stilwell Road the road the Western Allies started building in 1942 to supply the Chinese armies of Chiang Kai-shek.The area is home to the Tangsa tribe.
 Sandy Creek (Banister River) is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 The Vacas Gordas River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin and a tributary of the Pelotas River.
 The Fleț River is a tributary of the Luţ River in Romania.
 The Anchorite Hills are a mountain range in Mineral County Nevada.
 Mount Alston is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 29 km (18 mi) east of Gold River and 3 km (2 mi) south of Sutton Peak.
 Lac de Maury (also known as Lac de la Selves) is a lake in Aveyron France. At an elevation of 590 m its surface area is 1.66 km².The Lac de Maury lies in the communes of Saint-Amans-des-Cots Florentin-la-Capelle Montpeyroux Entraygues-sur-Truyère and Campouriez.
 Razdolnaya (Russian: Раздольная) or Suifen (simplified Chinese: 绥芬河; traditional Chinese: 綏芬河; pinyin: Suífēn Hé) is a river in People's Republic of China and Russia. Suifen is the Manchu word for awl referring to the shape of a species of Oncomelania snail.The source of the Razdolnaya River is the confluence of the Xiaosuifen River and the Dasuifen River in Heilongjiang.Suifenhe City was named after the Chinese name of river.
 The Agârcia River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Lippinghauser Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Guna or Guna Terara (also Gwəna) is a mountain located near the city of Debre Tabor in the northern Amhara region of Ethiopia. It is the highest point in the Debub Gondar Zone with an elevation of 4120 metres (13517 ft) above sea level.Mount Guna forms part of the divide between the drainage basins of the Abay and the Tekezé rivers. It is the origin of the Rib river which flows into Lake Tana.
 The Mastacăn River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Cania Dam is a dam in central Queensland Australia 37 kilometres (23 mi) north west of Monto. The dam is situated on Three Moon Creek a tributary of the Burnett River. It has a surface area is 7.2 square kilometres (1779 acres) an average depth of 12 metres (39 ft) and a capacity of 89000 ML.
 The Sturgeon River is a river in the Lake Huron drainage basin in the municipalities of Tay Oro-Medonte and Springwater in Simcoe County Central Ontario Canada.
 Fool Hollow Lake is a public lake located in Navajo County Arizona near the city of Show Low. The lake is operated by the Arizona State Parks Department and consists of 150 acres (61 ha) with an average depth of 23 feet (7.0 m) together with a variety of fish species.
 Mount Sir Wilfrid Laurier is a mountain located in the Premier Range of the Cariboo Mountains in the east-central interior of British Columbia Canada. The mountain is the tallest in the Premier Range which is located just west of Valemount.The name honours the seventh Prime Minister of Canada Sir Wilfrid Laurier who died in 1919. It was one of the first mountains in the Premier Range to be named after a Prime Minister receiving its designation on September 6 1927.
 The Seneca River is created by the confluence of the Keowee River and Twelvemile Creek in northwestern South Carolina downriver from Lake Keowee near Clemson. It is now entirely inundated by Lake Hartwell forming a 21-mile-long (34 km) arm of the lake. The Seneca River and the Tugaloo River join to form the Savannah River.The boundary between the Seneca River and the Keowee River has changed over time.
 Papunáua River (Spanish pronunciation: [papuˈnawa]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Sviyazhsk (Russian: Свия́жск; Tatar: Зөя Zöyä) is a rural locality (a selo) in the Republic of Tatarstan Russia located at the confluence of the Volga and Sviyaga Rivers. It is often referred to as an island since the construction of the Kuybyshev Reservoir at Tolyatti downstream Volga in 1955 but it is in fact connected to the mainland by a road.Sviyazhsk was founded in 1551 as a fortress which was built within four weeks from parts made in Uglich and transported down the Volga.
 The Prims is a 91 km long river in western Germany right tributary of the Saar River. It rises in the Hunsrück mountains near the village Malborn. It flows generally south through the towns Nonnweiler Wadern and Schmelz. It flows into the Saar in Dillingen.
 Sankey tank (Kannada:ಸ್ಯಾಂಕಿ ಕೆರೆ) a manmade lake or tank is situated in the western part of Bangalore in the middle of the suburbs of Malleshwaram Vyalikaval and Sadashiva Nagar. The lake covers an area of about 15 ha (37.1 acres). At its widest the tank has a width of 800 m (2624.7 ft)Sankey tank was constructed by Col. Richard Hieram Sankey (RE) of the Madras Sappers Regiment in 1882 to meet the water supply demands of Bangalore.
 The Slatina River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The Tomnatecu River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Unjangsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1126 metres.
 The Pârâul lui Pal is a tributary of the Gereb River in Romania.
 Surveyor Lake is a lake in Algoma District Ontario Canada about 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of the community of Espanola. A private road with public access runs about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west of the lake.
 Flaugergues Crater is a crater in the Sinus Sabaeus quadrangle on Mars at 17° south latitude and 340.8° west longitude. It is about 245 km in diameter. It was named after Honore Flaugergues a French astronomer (1755-1835).
 The Morse River is a 1.7-mile-long (2.7 km) tidal river in Phippsburg Maine. It flows directly into the Atlantic Ocean 2 miles (3 km) west of the mouth of the Kennebec River.
 El Altar or Kapak Urku (Kichwa kapak principal great important / magnificence urku mountain sublime mountain hispanicized Capac Urcu Cápac Urcu) is an extinct volcano on the western side of Sangay National Park in Ecuador 170 km south of Quito. Spaniards named it so because it resembled two nuns and four friars listening to a bishop around a church altar.
 Mjåvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. The long skinny lake lies between the lakes Ømmervatnet and Fustvatnet about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) northeast of Mosjøen. The European route E06 highway passes along the west coast of the lake.
 Tsambagarav (Mongolian: Цамбагарав) is a mountain between Khovd Province and Bayan-Olgii Province in western Mongolia it is a mountain of the Altai Mountains range. It has two peaks its highest peak Tsast Uul (Mongolian: Цаст lit. snow covered peak) has an elevation of 4193 metres (13757 ft) and another peak same named Tsambagarav (48.65519690.847063). The mountain is the stand alone eternally snow capped mountain of the Mongol Altai and the regional sacred mountain in Mongolia.
 Moelwyn Mawr is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales and forms part of the Moelwynion. From its summit which directly overlooks the Vale of Ffestiniog it affords spectacular views in all directions.
 The Valea Slipului River is a tributary of the Cavnic river in Romania.
 The Serpis (Valencian pronunciation: [ˈseɾpis]) is a short coastal river in the provinces of Alicante and Valencia in Spain.The river starts at the feet of the Carrasqueta a mountain area southwest to Alcoi by the confluence of the Polop and Troncal streams. In its initial part the Serpis is intermittent. Near Alcoi it joins with the Barxell coming from the Serra de Mariola after which it has a regular course.
 The Serra Geral is a mountain range in southern Brazil constituting the southern portion of the Serra do Mar system which runs along Brazil's southeastern coast. The Serra Geral runs parallel to the Atlantic coast in Santa Catarina and northern Rio Grande do Sul states separating a narrow coastal plain from an interior plateau.
 Skridulaupen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Finger is a mountain in the Sawback Range of the Canadian Rockies in Alberta Canada.
 Laghi del Gorzente is a group of three lakes in north-west Italy which straddles the provinces of Genoa (in Liguria) and Alessandria (in Piedmont).
 Leuchsenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 San Marcos Pass (el. 2225 ft. / 678 m) is a mountain pass in the Santa Ynez Mountains in California.It is traversed by State Route 154. The pass connects Los Olivos and the Santa Ynez Valley with Santa Barbara California. The road has been designated as a daylight-headlight highway by the California Highway Patrol and Caltrans because of frequent accidents particularly around the exit for Lake Cachuma.
 Teufenbachweiher is a reservoir in the municipality of Schönenberg Canton of Zurich Switzerland. Its surface area is 4.2 ha.
 Gladstone Peak elevation 13919 ft (4243 m) is a summit in the San Miguel Mountains of southwest Colorado. The peak is southwest of Telluride in the Lizard Head Wilderness.
 The Alps cover a large area. This article describes the delimitation of the Alps as a whole and of subdivisions of the range follows the course of the main chain of the Alps and discusses the lakes and glaciers found in the region.The Alps form a large mountain range dominating Central Europe including parts of Italy France Switzerland Liechtenstein Austria Slovenia Germany and possibly Hungary (if one includes the Günser Gebirge or the Ödenburger Gebirge in the Alps).
 Horseshoe Lake is a lake located in the eastern part of Lassen Volcanic National Park near Juniper Lake in Shasta County California. The lake lies at an elevation of 6550 ft (1996 m). Water from Horseshoe Lake drains to Snag Lake via Grassy Creek. The lake is accessible by hiking trail only.
 The Ruda Mică River is a tributary of the Şercaia River in Romania.
 Coombe Hill is a hill in The Chilterns located next to the hamlet of Dunsmore Buckinghamshire England near the small town of Wendover and overlooking Aylesbury Vale.
 Stabburselva (Kven: Rautusjoki; Northern Sami: Rávttošjohka) is a river in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 60-kilometre (37 mi) long river runs through the Stabbursdalen valley which is in the Stabbursdalen National Park which contains the world's most northerly pine forest.
 Bassorah Fossa is a trough south of Ali Baba crater on Saturn's moon Enceladus. Bassorah Fossa was first seen in Voyager 2 images. It is located at 45.4 North Latitude 6.3 West Longitude and is 131 kilometers long.Bassorah Fossa is named after the city of Basra Iraq from which Sindbad embarked on his 3rd voyage in the Arabian Nights.[citation needed]
 Wansuqucha (Quechua qucha lake hispanicized spellings Huanzoccocha Huanzococha also Wansuqocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Arequipa Region La Unión Province Huaynacotas District. It is situated at a height of about 4807 m (15771 ft) at the foot of the mountain Wansu.
 Yongbongsan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 381 metres.
 The Valea Largă River is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 Holzape is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Da Aldeia River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Formiga River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Mount Français is a mountain which forms the summit of Anvers Island Antarctica standing southeast of the center of the island and 6 miles north of Borgen Bay. Mount Français has an elevation of 2760 metres (9055 ft) and is part of the Trojan mountain range.
 The Yambou River is a river of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines. It is located in the valley of Yambou and is one of the main rivers of the island.
 North Buffalo Creek is a 7.5-mile-long (12.1 km) tributary of Buffalo Creek in Rockbridge County in the U.S. state of Virginia. Via Buffalo Creek and the Maury River it is part of the James River watershed.
 The Truckee Range is a mountain range located in western Nevada in the United States. The border between Washoe County and Churchill County runs along the ridge. The ridge runs north-south for approximately 30 miles.The Fernley Sink is to the south of the range. The Truckee River runs through the valley to the west of the range. Across that valley is the Pah Rah Range. Hot Springs Flat is to the east.
 Raslet is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Văleanca River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Peerless Lake is a lake in northern Alberta Canada.
 Donaubach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Peak Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island east of Mount Arrowsmith.
 Bouquet Reservoir is an artificial lake in the Angeles National Forest of Los Angeles County California about 15 miles (24 km) west from Palmdale.At elevation of 2993 feet (912 m) in the Sierra Pelona Mountains the reservoir capacity is 36500 acre·ft (45000000 m3) and is formed by Bouquet Canyon Dam on Bouquet Creek which is a tributary of the Santa Clara River.
 The Valea Cărbunii River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 The Prince Olav Mountains is a mountain range of the Queen Maud Mountains stretching from Shackleton Glacier to Liv Glacier at the head of the Ross Ice Shelf.Discovered in 1911 by Roald Amundsen on the way to the South Pole and named by him for the then Crown Prince Olav of Norway.
 The river Bolbec or Commerce is one of the rivers that flow from the plateau of the southern Pays de Caux in the Seine-Maritime département of Haute-Normandie into the Seine. The river rises at Bolbec and passes Gruchet-le-Valasse where its name changes to the Commerce. It then passes through Lillebonne and joins the Seine at Notre-Dame-de-Gravenchon.
 The Glădăria River is a tributary of the Glodu River in Romania.
 Baggersee Innsbruck (also: Baggersee Rossau) is located in the south-eastern part of Innsbruck at the Inn River and belongs to the city district Amras. With an area size of 2.8 ha it is the second largest lake in the city area. Only the Lake Lans surpasses it by size and volume.Many people use the lake as recreation area in Summer. The water can warm up to 24 °C. Recreational activities at the lake include beach volley badminton streetball or table tennis.
 Stowe's Hill is an elongated hill 381 metres (1250 ft) high located on the eastern edge of Bodmin Moor in the county of Cornwall England.Stowe's Hill is a prominent granite ridge located about 1500 metres north of Minions the highest village in Cornwall. It is dominated by Stowe's Pound a huge tor enclosure comprising two massive stone-walls. The smaller enclosure surrounds the tors at the southern end of the hill; the larger one encircles the rest of the ridge.
 The Guaxindiba River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Yangel' is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the irregular terrain to the north of the Mare Vaporum. It is a relatively solitary crater formation and the nearest larger craters lie more than 100 kilometers distant. To the southeast of Yangel' is the prominent crater Manilius. Conon is located to the northeast near the flanks of the Montes Apenninus range.Just to the north of Yangel' is the small lunar mare named Lacus Felicitatis or Lake of Happiness.
 Bear River is a small clear slow moving river in the U.S. state of Michigan. 14.7 miles (23.7 km) long it is the largest tributary of Little Traverse Bay in the northwest of the lower peninsula. The river is formed as the outflow of Walloon Lake on the boundary between Charlevoix County and Emmet County draining from the southeast end of the lake at 45°15′40″N 84°56′01″W near the community of Walloon Lake in Melrose Township. M-75 has its northern terminus in a junction with US 131 nearby.
 Lake Chaffee is a small shallow man-made lake located approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) northwest of the hamlet of Westford in the town of Ashford in Windham County northeastern Connecticut. The lake has an area of 54 acres and a maximum depth of 11 feet. Its average surface elevation is 856 feet above sea level.
 Daemisan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1243.4 m (4079 ft).
 Glen Coe (Scottish Gaelic: Gleann Comhan pronounced [klan̪ˠˈkʰo.ən̪ˠ]) is a volcanic glen in the Highlands of Scotland. It lies in the southern part of the Lochaber committee area of Highland Council and was formerly part of the county of Argyll. It is often considered one of the most spectacular and beautiful places in Scotland and is a part of the designated National Scenic Area of Ben Nevis and Glen Coe. The narrow glen shows a grim grandeur.
 The Hooker River is a river of New Zealand. It flows south from the Hooker Glacier which lies on the southern slopes of Aoraki/Mount Cook before joining with the braided streams of the Tasman River. The Hooker River drains both the Hooker and Mueller Glaciers and is the principal ablation outlet for these ice masses.
 The Sacramento Mountains of California are southwest of Needles and form part of the towns west and southwest border; the range is east of the Piute Mountains and northwest of the Chemehuevi Mountains. The range lies in a northwest-southeasterly direction south of Interstate 40 and reach an elevation of 3308 feet above sea level at Eagles Peak.
 The Sierra del Sueve is a limestone massif located close to the coast in the east-central area of Asturias Spain. It is a northern foothill of the Cantabrian Mountains. The range is located in the municipalities of northeast Caravia Colunga in the northwest Piloña Parres and Ribadesella to the east and south.
 Sharrkan is an impact crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Sharrkan was first observed in Cassini images during that mission's February 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 16.4° North Latitude 298.3° West Longitude. At only 3.6 kilometers across Sharrkan is the smallest named crater on Enceladus though numerous smaller unnamed craters have been observed.
 The Little Wind River (Arapaho: Hóteikoh'owu ) arises in the central Wind River Range in Wyoming and flows southeast through the towns of Fort Washakie and Ethete to its confluence with the Big Wind River near Riverton Wyoming.
 The Rodman Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County California United States. The range is located south of Interstate 40 and Newberry Springs and east of the Ord Mountains and northwest of the Bullion Mountains. They are 30 miles southeast of Barstow California.One of the Cinder cones of the Lavic Lake volcanic field are in the range with the other three including Pisgah Crater beyond to the east.
 Devil's Lake is an endorheic (closed drainage) lake in the South Range of the Baraboo Range about two miles south of Baraboo Wisconsin in Sauk County Wisconsin USA. The lake is one of the primary attractions of the eponymous Devil's Lake State Park.Devil's Lake is the site of annual Ho-Chunk Nation celebrations which have been conducted for many generations. The Ho-Chunk gave Devil's Lake its name because it was said that the voices of spirits were often heard during the celebrations.
 Chiles is a volcano on the border of Colombia and Ecuador. It lies 3 kilometres (2 mi) south-east of the volcano Cerro Negro de Mayasquer and the two peaks are considered part of the same Chiles-Cerro Negro volcanic complex. A 1936 eruption reported by the Colombian government agency Ingeominas may have been from the Ecuadorean volcano Reventador otherwise the volcano has not erupted for around 160000 years.
 Number 7 Dam The largest dam built on the Dee River by Mount Morgan Gold Mining Company Limited officially known as the No. 7 Dam was built upstream from the mine in 1900. Due to a serious drought at the time the dam was not filled until May 1904. The wall was raised by 4.5 metres in 1999. It remained unfilled until November 22 2000 when water poured over the top of the dam for the first time.
 The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Mona Lisa is a crater on Venus at latitude 25.6 longitude 25.1. It is 79.4 km in diameter and was named after Lisa Giacondo Leonardo da Vinci's model.
 Rock Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. While no trails lead to the lake it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 047.Rock Lake is northeast of Merriam Peak and upstream of Baker Lake Cornice Emerald Quiet and Noisy lakes.
 Menarandra is a river in the regions of Anosy and Atsimo-Andrefana in southern Madagascar. It flows into the Indian Ocean near Bevoalavo Est.Its annual discharge is low approx. 2-3 l/s/km² at Tranoroa.
 The Galbena River is a tributary of the Jupâneasa river in Romania.
 Gungmangbong is a mountain of Chungcheongbuk-do South Korea. It has an elevation of 1420 metres.
 Cheonmasan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. It can be found within the boundaries of the city of Namyangju. Cheonmasan has an elevation of 810.2 m (2658 ft).
 The Pentwater River is a 10.8-mile-long (17.4 km) river in Oceana County Michigan in the United States. It rises east of Hart at the inflow of the South Branch Pentwater River and flows northwest to Lake Michigan at the village of Pentwater.
 Lake Viitina is a lake of Estonia in Võru County. It is known for its dragnet fishing competitions.
 The Telkwa Range is a subrange of the Bulkley Ranges located south of the junction of the Telkwa River and Bulkley River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Staples Pond is located in the town of Temple Maine in the United States. Some locals prefer to call it Santa Claus Lake because of its appearance from the air. Water from Staples Pond flows via Temple Stream to the Sandy River in Farmington and thence to the Kennebec River.
 Mount Tigalalu at the western side of Halmahera island Indonesia is a stratovolcano located at the western end of Kayoa Island. Part of the volcano is flanked by coral limestones.
 Württembergische Eschach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake Timsah also known as Crocodile Lake is a lake in Egypt on the Nile delta. It lies in a basin developed along a fault extending from the Mediterranean Sea to the Gulf of Suez through the Bitter Lakes region. In 1800 a flood filled the Wadi Tumilat which caused Timsah's banks to overflow and moved water south into the Bitter Lakes about nine miles (14 km) away. In 1862 the lake was filled with waters from the Red Sea.
 Serra de la Fatarella is one of the isolated mountain ranges of the Catalan Central Depression located off the southern end of the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range between La Fatarella and Ascó in Spain.The ridge's highest point is 563.5 m; another important summit is 552 m high Punta de l'Home. This smooth range runs in a N - S direction. The 1700s renaissance style Ermita de la Misericòrdia is located on a 526 m high summit of the range. It has been reconstructed recently.
 Cedar Creek a perennial stream of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Hunter district of New South Wales Australia.
 The Valea Comorilor River is a tributary of the Părău River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Săcat or Izvorul Săcat River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 The Zmeuriș River is a tributary of the Gârcinul Mic River in Romania.
 Amga River (Russian: Амга) is a river in Sakha (Yakutia) Russia. It is the biggest tributary of the Aldan River which it joins a few miles west of Khandyga. The length of the river is 1462 kilometres (908 mi). The area of its basin is 69300 km². The Amga River freezes up in the first half of October and stays under the ice until May.
 The Carey River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Fra Mauro is the worn remnant of a walled lunar plain. It is part of the surrounding Fra Mauro formation being located to the northeast of Mare Cognitum and southeast of Mare Insularum. Attached to the southern rim are the co-joined craters Bonpland and Parry which intrude into the formation forming inward-bulging walls.The surviving rim of Fra Mauro is heavily worn with incisions from past impacts and openings in the north and east walls.
 Schwarzenlachenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Angikuni Lake (variant: Lake Anjikuni) is a lake in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. It is one of several lakes located along the Kazan River; Ennadai Lake is to the south and Yathkyed Lake is to the north.
 Hawke's Bay's Waiau River is one of at least four rivers of this name in New Zealand. It rises in the Kaingaroa Forest to the west of Lake Waikaremoana and flows southeast for 60 kilometres before joining the Wairoa River.
 Whitewater Lake is located in Walworth County Wisconsin United States in the Kettle Moraine State Forest.Whitewater Lake is associated through a flow with Rice Lake. Fish found in the lake include northern pike largemouth bass walleye and blue gill.
 Schwarzach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Center Hill Lake is a reservoir in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is located in Middle Tennessee near Smithville. Created by means of a dam constructed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1948 the lake had a dual purpose: electricity production and flood control. Center Hill Dam is 260 ft (79 m) high and it is composed of concrete and earth structures with 8 gates that are 50 ft (15 m) wide each.
 The Ellmauer Halt (2344 m) is the highest peak in the mountain massif of the Wilder Kaiser in the Kaisergebirge range (Northern Limestone Alps) in the Austrian state of Tyrol. To the east is the summit of the Kapuzenturm a striking and isolated rock pinnacle. In 1883 the first summit cross was erected on the mountain top.The base camp for climbing tours on this mountain is the Grutten Hut mountain hut on its southern flank at a height of 1620 m.
 Konstantinov is a lunar impact crater that is located to the southeast of the Mare Moscoviense on the far side of the Moon. To the west of Konstantinov is the smaller crater Nagaoka and to the south-southeast is the small Van Gent.This is a moderately worn crater particularly along the northeastern quadrant where multiple small craterlets lie along the inner wall. There is a pair of small craters on the interior floor along the eastern edge.
 The Tête du Portail (2335 m) is a mountain located at the western extremity of the Bernese Alps in the Swiss canton of Valais. It lies north of Martigny and Fully in the Dent de Morcles-Grand Muveran group.The mountain is named after a natural arch the Portail de Fully located near the summit at a height of 2270 metres.
 La Plata River (Navajo: Tsé Dogoi Ńlíní) is a 70-mile-long (110 km) tributary to the San Juan River in La Plata County Colorado and San Juan County New Mexico United States. This small river heads at the western foot of Snow Storm Peak in the La Plata Mountains of southwestern Colorado approximately 35 miles north of the New Mexico State line.
 The Blauhöhle is the largest cave system in the Swabian Alps in southern Germany. The Blauhöhle presumably originated in a time when the Danube still flowed through the Blau valley. Since the shifting of the Danube several small rivers the Schmiech the Ach and the Blau have flowed through this valley. The cave system begins about 21 meters under water at the base of the Blautopf.
 Alm is a river in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. The Alm is a right tributary of the Traun which it meets near the town of Fischlham. Its source is the lake Almsee. The Laudach is a left tributary of the Alm.Municipalities along the river are Grünau im Almtal Scharnstein Pettenbach Vorchdorf Steinerkirchen an der Traun and Bad Wimsbach-Neydharting.The quality of the water is at a high level (Drinking water).
 San Diego Bay is a natural harbor and deepwater port located in San Diego County California near the US-Mexico border. The bay which is 12 miles (19 km) long and 1 to 3 miles (1.6 to 4.8 km) wide is the third largest of the three large protected natural bays on California's entire 840 miles (1350 km) long coastline after San Francisco Bay and Humboldt Bay.
 Schumacher is a lunar crater that lies in the northeast part of the Moon just to the north of the larger walled plain Messala. The two formations are separated by a rough strip of terrain less than 10 kilometers across and bisected by a pair of small co-joined craters.
 The River Chess is a chalk stream which springs from Chesham Buckinghamshire and runs through Buckinghamshire and Hertfordshire in south-eastern England. The Chess along with the Colne and Gade gives rise to the name of the district of Three Rivers in which it forms its confluence with the Colne at Rickmansworth.The River Chess fall is 60 metres and its length is 11 miles (18 km).
 The Maunabo River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Litani River (Arabic: نهر الليطاني‎ / ALA-LC: Nahr al-Līṭānī; classical name: Leontes from the Greek word for lions [Λέοντες]) is an important water resource in southern Lebanon. The river rises in the fertile Beqaa Valley valley west of Baalbek and empties into the Mediterranean Sea north of Tyre. Exceeding 140 km in length the Litani River is the longest river in Lebanon and provides an average annual flow estimated at 920 million cubic meters.
 The Bahna River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Milankovic is a lunar crater that is located in the high northern latitudes on the far side of the Moon. Overlapping the southeastern rim is the smaller but more sharply defined crater Ricco. Just to the south is Karpinskiy and to the north is the prominent Plaskett.This is a worn and eroded crater formation with a distorted outer rim. In the northwestern quadrant of the crater interior is what appears to be a double rim. The outer rim is circular in form along this edge but shallow.
 Lough Mask (Irish: Loch Measca) is a limestone lough (lake) of 20500 acres (83 km²) in County Mayo Ireland north of Lough Corrib. Lough Mask is the upper of the two lakes which empty into the Corrib River through Galway into Galway Bay. The lake is popular for its trout fishing.
 The Nikkō River (日光川 Nikkō-gawa) flows through Aichi Prefecture Japan from the north to the west.
 The Șurgani River (locally also called Șorcan River) is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Valea Dosului River ( Hungarian: Válje Doszuluj-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Elkhorn Mountains is a mountain range that is a subrange of the Blue Mountains in the northeastern part of the state of Oregon. Its highest point is at 9108 feet.
 Ulfenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lac d'Apremont (or Lac de Retenue de Barrage d'Apremont) is a reservoir in Vendée France. The reservoir is formed by a gravity dam at Apremont built in 1966: barrage d'Apremont.
 The Paraim River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Ealey Glacier (53°2′S 73°35′E) is a glacier flowing northeast from the lower slopes of the Big Ben massif to the northeast side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. Its terminus is located close southeast of Cape Bidlingmaier between Melbourne Bluff and North Barrier. The glacier terminates in ice cliffs. To the southeast of Ealey Glacier is Compton Glacier whose terminus is located at Compton Lagoon between Gilchrist Beach and Fairchild Beach.
 Elivai Malai is a 2088-metre-tall (6850 ft) peak in the Western Ghats of South India. The mountain lies on the border between the Indian states of Kerala (in Palakkad district) and Tamil Nadu (in Coimbatore district). With a topographic prominence of 1540 metres it is one of the ultra prominent peaks of South Asia. It forms the highest point in the Western Ghats to the immediate north of the Palakkad Gap.It is situated approximately 5 kilometres to the south of Siruvani Dam and reservoir.
 The Grotta delle Felci (Italian for Fern Grotto) is a cave located in the island of Capri in Campania Italy.The cave housed Neolithic men; 549 archaeological findings and fossils have been found internally.
 The Echo River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Kitzbühel Alps (German: Kitzbüheler Alpen or Kitzbühler Alpen) are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps surrounding the town of Kitzbühel in Tyrol Austria. Geologically they are part of the western slate zone (greywacke zone).
 The Christmas Creek a perennial stream that is part of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Shannon Creek is a short tributary to the Baker River in Whatcom County Washington near the southwest border of North Cascades National Park. It rises in two forks a few miles south of Mount Shuksan; the glacier-fed north fork begins at elevation 5016 feet (1529 m) and the non-glacial south fork begins at 2611 feet (796 m). Roughly halfway through its length the two forks join and then flow into Baker Lake reservoir at elevation 725 feet (221 m).
 Veotind is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway. It consists of three peaks the highest one is the southern (norw. Søndre Veotind) reaching 2267 m (7438 ft) above sea level.
 Trischman Knob el. 8573 feet (2613 m) is an isolated summit along the Continental Divide on the Madison Plateau in Yellowstone National Park. The summit is located approximately 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of the Bechler River trail just south of Madison Lake the source of the Firehole River. The summit was named in 1962 by Assistant Chief Ranger Willam S. Chapman for Harry Trischman (1886–1950). Trischman came to Yellowstone in 1899 with his parents.
 The Karkheh or Karkhen (known as the Gihon[citation needed]—one of the four rivers of Eden/Paradise to the Bible and as the Choaspes in ancient times; also called Eulæus; Hebrew: אולי Ulai) is a river in Khūzestān Province Iran (ancient Susiana) that rises in the Zagros Mountains and passes west of Shush (ancient Susa) eventually falling in ancient times into the Tigris just below its confluence with the Euphrates very near to the Iran-Iraq border.
 Mont Aigoual (Occitan: Mont Augal elevation 1567m / 5141 ft) is the highest point of the Gard département France. It is part of the Massif Central and it is located within the Cévennes National Park. Its southern slopes are the source of the river Hérault flowing into the Mediterranean.When the sky is clear it is possible to see the Mediterranean Sea the Pyrenees and also the Alps and Mont Blanc in particular.
 The Bozom River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Middle Fork Koyukuk River is a 62-mile (100 km) tributary of the Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Formed by the confluence of the Bettles and Dietrich rivers near Wiseman on the southern flank of the Brooks Range the Middle Fork flows generally southwest to its confluence with the North Fork Koyukuk River with which it forms the main stem of the Koyukuk.From its starting point slightly north of Sukakpak Mountain the river flows generally south or southwest in its upper reaches.
 Gorewada Lake is situated on the north-west corner of Nagpur city. It is created with a dam 2350 feet long.In 1912 Gorewada lake was developed by the water works department as the primary drinking water source for Nagpur's 1.01 lakh population. Bordered by thick forest Gorewada lake and its surrounding is the habitat for avian species and some wild life.
 The Valea Ursoaiei River is a tributary of the Valea Muţii River in Romania.
 The Avrig River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Râul Mare. It starts at the junction of the headwaters Avrigel and Auriştea.There is a dam on the Avrig river for the water supply of the city of Avrig and the village of Mârşa. The main bridges over the river are the Podul Jibrii and Podul lui Moise.
 Öran is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Mont Charvin (2409 m) is a mountain in the Aravis massif in Savoie and Haute-Savoie France.
 North Creek was a watercourse that flowed into Lake Ontario on the grounds of the former Lakeshore Psychiatric Hospital now in Colonel Samuel Smith Park.Its mouth was at Kipling Avenue.Its headwaters were near the present day intersection of the Queen Elizabeth Way and Browns Line.Almost all the creek had been buried by 1960.The mouth of Etobicoke Creek was approximately 2.5 km to the west of the mouth of North Creek.The mouth of Jackson Creek was approximately 700 m to the east of the mouth of North Creek.
 The Ciorogârla River is a tributary of the Sabar River in Romania. For the flood protection of the city of Bucharest the floods of the Dâmboviţa River are diverted at Brezoaiele into the Ciorogârla River.
 The Sfinsca River is a tributary of the Cladova river in Romania.
 The Brecherspitz is a mountain in Bavaria Germany.
 South Kings Peak is the second highest peak in the U.S. state of Utahwith an elevation of 13504 feet (4116 m). It lies just south of the spine of the central Uinta Mountains in the Ashley National Forest in northeastern Utah in north-central Duchesne County. It lies within the bounds of the High Uintas Wilderness.
 The Carpathian Mountains or Carpathians are a range of mountains forming an arc roughly 1500 km (932 mi) long across Central and Eastern Europe making them the second-longest mountain range in Europe (after the Scandinavian Mountains 1700 km (1056 mi)). They provide the habitat for the largest European populations of brown bears wolves chamois and lynxes with the highest concentration in Romania as well as over one third of all European plant species.
 Marys River is a 40-mile (64 km) tributary of the Willamette River in the U.S. state of Oregon. From its source at the confluence of its east and west forks near Summit it flows generally southeast from the Central Oregon Coast Range to Corvallis.
 Cerulli Crater is a crater in the Ismenius Lacus quadrangle on Mars with a diameter of 130 km. It is located at32.5° north latitude and 337.9° west longitude. It is named after Vicenzo Cerulli an Italian astronomer (1859–1927).
 The Câlnic River is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 Pachatusan (Quechua pacha earth tusa a prop to support a wall or building pachatusa prop of the earth -n a suffix) is a mountain northeast of the city of Cusco in the Andes of Peru about 4842 metres (15886 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Calca Province San Salvador District in the Cusco Province in the districts San Jerónimo and Saylla and in the Quispicanchi Province Oropesa District.
 Cefn Gwyngul is a long broad ridge to the east of the Rhondda Fach valley in Rhondda Cynon Taf County Borough in South Wales. Its 470m high summit is marked by an ancient cairn known as Carn-y-Pigwn on which is a more recent trig point. Much of the hill is cloaked by modern forestry plantations though its southwestern flank between Porth and Ferndale has not been coniferised. The earthworks of a Roman camp remain on the ridge at OS grid ref ST 002982.
 Caribou Lakes is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Hastings River (Aboriginal: Doongang) an open and trained intermediate wave dominated barrier estuary is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast districts of New South Wales Australia.
 Aaron River Reservoir is a 136-acre (0.55 km2) reservoir mostly in Cohasset Massachusetts with small stretches extending into Hingham and Scituate. The outflow of the pond is Aaron River. Most of the reservoir is in the eastern side of Wompatuck State Park. The village of Beechwood lies to the east of the reservoir. The reservoir is a Class A water supply source used as a backup source for the Town of Cohasset.
 The Snake Indian River is a large tributary of the Athabasca River exiting entirely within Jasper National Park. The Snake Indian forms at Snake Indian Pass south of Monte Christo Mountain and Snake Indian Mountain north of Calumet Peak. The river travels in a general northwest direction before turning sharply south.
 The Gălăoaia River ( Hungarian: Galonya-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Gălăoaia Mare and Gălăoaia Mică
 The Gazimur (also Gasimur or Bol'shoi Gazimur ) (Russian: Газимур) is a river of Zabaykalsky Krai Siberia eastern Russia a tributary of the Argun River. With a length of 592 km and basin area of 12.100 km² the Gazimur is one of the major East Transbaikalian rivers. It originates in the north-west ridge of Nerchinsk. It flows generally from the south-west to north-east. The banks are typically steep overgrown with bushes. The Gazimur typically has a shallow rocky bottom and clear water.
 The Salcha River is a 125-mile (201 km) tributary of the Tanana River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Rising in the eastern part of the Fairbanks North Star Borough east of Fort Wainwright it flows generally west-southwest to meet the larger river at Aurora Lodge 33 miles (53 km) southeast of Fairbanks.The Salcha drains an area of 2170 square miles (5620 km2) making it the second-largest tributary of the Tanana.
 The Teșnița River is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
 The Râul Șes is a tributary of the Bistriţa Aurie River in Romania.
 Futabatei is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 66 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Futabatei is named for the Japanese novelist Futabatei Shimei who lived from 1864 to 1909.
 Lippershey is a relatively tiny lunar impact crater located in the southeast section of the Mare Nubium. It is a circular cup-shaped feature surrounded by the lunar mare. Lippershey lies to the northeast of the crater Pitatus.
 The Tău River is a tributary of the Pogăniş River in Romania.
 The Bernese Alps in the wide meaning (in German Berner Alpen i.w.S. in French Alpes Bernoises D.l.s.l.) are a mountain range in the northwestern part of the Alps. They are located in Switzerland.
 Bar X Wash is a stream located in Graham County Arizona. The name was collected by the United States Geological Survey between 1976 and 1980 and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on February 8 1980.
 Bziniczka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Mała Panew.
 The River Tat is a short river in the County of Norfolk England. It is an important headwater for the River Wensum of which it is a tributary. Its source is on Syderstone Common just north of the village of Tattersett. The marshes and pools of Syderstone Common that provide the headwaters for the river are a site of special scientific interest (SSSI) and are the home of a viable colony of the rare Natterjack Toad.
 High Stones at 550 metres (1804 ft) is the highest point within the boundaries of both Sheffield and South Yorkshire England. It lies on the Howden Moors towards the northern boundary of the Peak District National Park between Langsett Reservoir to the north east and Howden Reservoir to the south west.
 The River Suck (Irish: An tSuca) is a river in Ireland approximately 80 kilometres (50 mi) in length.It is the main tributary of the River Shannon. It meets the Shannon a few kilometres north of the village of Shannonbridge.Ballinasloe is the largest town on the Suck.
 The Sierra del Lacandón is a low karstic mountain range in Guatemala and Mexico. It is situated in the north-west of the department of El Petén and the south-east of Chiapas.
 Bissett Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada in the community of Cole Harbour.
 Cheongwusan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. It can be found in the county of Gapyeong. Cheongwusan has an elevation of 619 m (2031 ft).
 The Valea Custurii River is a tributary of the Frasin River in Romania.
 The Itajaí do Sul River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Schloßhofbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The East Branch Mattawamkeag River is a tributary of the Mattawamkeag River in Aroostook County Maine. From its source (46°13′51″N 68°08′53″W) in Dudley (Maine Township 7 Range 3 WELS) the river runs 36 miles (58 km) south and southeast to its confluence with the West Branch Mattawamkeag River in Haynesville about 10 miles (16 km) west of the Canada – United States border.
 Le Petit Ballon (The Little Balloon) is one of the highest peaks of the Vosges Mountains in the department of Haut-Rhin Alsace in France. Its height is 1272m above the sea level and it is located about 5 km away from the village of Wasserbourg. The Rothenbrunnen mountain hut is located 500m below. A car park is a further 500m away.
 The Toroglej River is a tributary of the Ața River in Romania.
 Puslinch Lake is a kettle lake located in Wellington County Ontario Canada. It is the largest kettle lake in North America. The lake provides many recreational activities including swimming fishing sailing motor boating and water skiing. The Puslinch Lake - Irish Creek Wetland a provincially significant area is adjacent to the lake.
 The Acaponeta River is formed in the State of Durango México.Its surface covers 5603.9 square kilometres (2163.7 sq mi).
 The Longford River is an English artificial waterway a distributary designed to embellish a park that diverts water 12 miles (19 km) from the River Colne at Longford near Colnbrook to Bushy Park and Hampton Court Palace where at both it has outlets to the Thames on the reaches above Teddington Lock and Molesey Lock respectively. It was built for King Charles I in 1638/39 as a water supply for Hampton Court and water features in Bushy Park were added in 1710.
 Slieve Snaght (Irish: Sliabh Sneachta meaning Snow Mountain) is a mountain in Inishowen County Donegal Ireland not to be confused with the mountain of the same name in the nearby Derryveagh range.
 The Salgado River (Rio Grande do Norte) is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Valea Hotarului River is a tributary of the Bădeni river in Romania.
 Pointe d'Anterne is a mountain of Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Giffre Massif range. It has an altitude of 2733 metres above sea level.
 The Buda River is a headwater of the Argeş River in Romania.
 The Turia River is a tributary of the Gota River in Romania.
 Lake Lyokshmozero (Russian: Лёкшмозеро) is a freshwater lake located in the north-west of Kargopolsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is one of the biggest lakes in Arkhangelsk Oblast and the second biggest in Kargopolsky District (after Lake Lacha). The area of the lake is 54.4 square kilometres (21.0 sq mi) and the area of its basin is 197 square kilometres (76 sq mi). Lake Lyokshmozero is the source of Lyokshma River a tributary of Lake Lacha.
 The Tutova River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania. The Cuibul Vulturilor Dam is located on the Tutova River
 Lake George nicknamed the Queen of American Lakes is a long narrow oligotrophic lake located at the southeast base of the Adirondack Mountains in the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of New York. It lies within the upper region of the Great Appalachian Valley and drains northward into Lake Champlain and the St. Lawrence River drainage basin. The lake is situated along the historical natural (Amerindian) path between the valley of the Hudson River and that of the St.
 Đetinja (Serbian Cyrillic: Ђетиња pronounced [d͡ʑě̞tiɲa]) is a river in western Serbia a 75 km long natural but shorter headstream of the Zapadna Morava River.The Đetinja river valley serves as a route for the Belgrade-Bar railway.According to the legend which describes how the Đetinja River got its name the Ottoman Turks in the times when they ruled these lands once punished the local Užican people by taking their children and brutally throwing them into the river.
 The Blackhead Mountains range is located near the northern end of the Catskill Mountains in Greene County New York where it divides the towns of Windham and Jewett. The three named peaks in the range — Thomas Cole Mountain (3940 feet; 1201 m) Black Dome (3980 feet; 1213 m) and Blackhead Mountain (also in the 3940-foot range) — are the fourth third and fifth highest peaks in the Catskills respectively.
 The Mérantaise is a small river in southern Île-de-France (France) left tributary of the Yvette which is a tributary of the Orge. Its source is in Voisins-le-Bretonneux near Versailles in the Yvelines department.
 The Cascue River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Paroș River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Paroşul Mare and Paroşul Mic
 Karikkoselkä is a lake formed in an impact crater in Petäjävesi Finland. Karikkoselkä is located approximately 30 km east from the centre of Keurusselkä a much older and larger impact crater. Most lakes in the region are elongated in northwest-southeast direction due to glaciation but Karikkoselkä is strikingly round.Many shatter cones rock formations that form under the extreme pressures of impact have been found around the lake.
 Epbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Canadian Shield also called the Laurentian Plateau or Bouclier Canadien (French) is a large area of exposed Precambrian igneous and high-grade metamorphic rocks (geological shield) that forms the ancient geological core of the North American continent (North American or Laurentia craton) covered by a thin layer of soil. It is an area mostly composed of igneous rock which relates to its long volcanic history.
 Mount Nikkō-Shirane (日光白根山 Nikkō-Shirane-san) is a shield volcano in the Nikkō National Park in central Honshū the main island of Japan. It stands at 2578m high and is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan.It should not be confused with Mount Kusatsu-Shirane elsewhere in Gunma Prefecture.
 Pico da Cruz (Portuguese meaning the peak of the cross) is a volcanic mountain in the eastern part of the island of Santo Antão. The mountain is accessed with a road linking with the island capital of Porto Novo.
 The Salbitschijen is a mountain in the Urner Alps overlooking Göschenen in the canton of Uri.
 Volcán River is the river tributary to the Maipo River. Its course lies completely in the Andes of the Santiago Metropolitan Region. The river and its tributaries drain among other areas the Chilean slopes of San José Volcano and El Morado Natural Monument area.
 The lake Hóp is situated in the north of Iceland near Blönduós at the Húnafjörður.In reality the lake is more of a lagoon than a lake. Its surface area depends on the tides and oscillates between 29 and 44 km². Its greatest depth is 9 m.
 Kinkora Crater is a crater in the Mare Tyrrhenum quadrangle of Mars located at 25.2° south latitude and 247.2° west longitude. It is 54.3 km in diameter and was named by the International Astronomical Union's Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature (IAU/WGPSN) in 1991 after the town of Kinkora Prince Edward Island Canada.
 The Rainy River is a short river that enters the Thornbrough Channel at Port Mellon. While it does come close to doing so it never enters Tetrahedron Provincial Park.
 Bichelsee is a lake in the canton of Thurgau Switzerland. The village of Bichelsee in the municipality Bichelsee-Balterswil is named after the lake. Of the surface of 0.092 km² 5/6 are located in the canton of Thurgau the reminder in the canton of Zurich.
 The Teleajen River in southern Romania is a tributary of the Prahova River. Its source is located in the Ciucaş Mountains in the locality of Cheia at the junction of headwaters Cheiţa and Tâmpa River. It has a length of 113 km and flows through the Cheia hollow by the towns of Vălenii de Munte and Boldești-Scăeni and the city of Ploieşti.
 The Nahoon River (Xhosa: Nxaruni) is situated in the city East London on the East Coast of South Africa. It is to the east of the Buffalo River harbour and is to the west of Gonubie River. The suburb of Nahoon is on its west bank and Beacon Bay is on the east bank. It flows through an estuary and Africa's southern most mangrove forest into the Indian Ocean. Its mouth is located near Nahoon Reef which is a famous surfing spot and is also known for attacks by Great White Sharks.
 The Anare Mountains (70°55′S 166°00′E) are a large group of mainly snow-covered peaks and ridges along the northern coast of Victoria Land Antarctica. The group is bounded on the north and east by the Pacific Ocean on the west by Lillie Glacier and on the south by Ebbe Glacier and Dennistoun Glacier.
 Kenas Lake is a lake in Xinjiang China.
 Veleka Ridge is a predominantly ice-free ridge extending 3 km between Charity Glacier in the north and Botev Point in the south and 1.3 km wide in the southwest extremity of Friesland Ridge Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. The ice-free surface area of the ridge and the adjacent Arkutino Beach is 468 hectares (1160 acres).
 Beacon Mountain locally Mount Beacon is the highest peak of the Hudson Highlands located behind the City of Beacon New York in the Town of Fishkill. Its two summits rise above the Hudson River behind the city and can easily be seen from Newburgh across the river and many other places in the region.
 The Cunas River is a river located in the Junín Region in central Peru. The river originates 5180 meters above sea level in the Cordillera Occidental. The river spans 3 provinces in the Junín Region: Chupaca Province Concepción Province and the Huancayo Province.
 Monte Circeo or Cape Circeo (Italian: Promontorio del Circeo Latin: Mons Circeius) is a mountain remaining as a promontory that marks the southwestern limit of the former Pontine Marshes. Although a headland it was not formed by coastal erosion–as headlands are usually formed–but is a remnant of the orogenic processes that created the Apennines.
 The Aravali Range (हिन्दी संस्कृत= अरावली) literally meaning 'line of peaks' is a range of mountains in western India running approximately 800 km in a northeastern direction across Indian states of Gujarat Rajasthan Haryana and Delhi. It is also called Mewat hills locally.
 The Wasenhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Blitzingen in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range south of the Oberaarrothorn that separates the valley of the Fiescher Glacier from the main Rhone valley.
 The Pârâul Calului is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Oued Guir is an intermittent river or wadi that flows through the Meknès-Tafilalet and Oriental regions in southeastern Morocco and Béchar Province in western Algeria.
 Lake Preston is a lake located adjacent to and northeast of the city of Lake Preston South Dakota. The lake is near and directly north of Lake Whitewood.
 Wexler is a lunar impact crater that lies across the south-southeast limb of the Moon. In this location not much detail about the formation can be discerned from the Earth and it must be viewed from orbit to see most of the structure. It lies about a hundred kilometers northwards of the larger crater Hale and south-southeast of Petrov.The rim of this crater retains much of its original structure although the features have become softened and worn in comparison to the younger Hale.
 Gunnbjørn Fjeld (also called only Gunnbjørn) is Greenland's highest mountain and also the highest mountain north of the Arctic circle. It is located in the Watkins Range on the east coast which contains several other summits above 3500 metres. It is a nunatak a rocky peak protruding through glacial ice.
 Mount Pinos is a mountain located in the Los Padres National Forest on the boundary between Ventura and Kern counties in California. The summit at 8847 feet (2697 m) is the highest point in Ventura County. The mountain is the highest point of the Transverse Ranges west of Tejon Pass.
 Titus Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Smoky Mountains in Sawtooth National Recreation Area of Sawtooth National Forest. The lake is most easily accessed via a trail from just below Galena Summit on Idaho State Highway 75.
 The Valea Scurtă River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Wilson Peak is a 14017-foot (4272 m) mountain peak in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness of the Uncompahgre National Forest in the southern San Juan Mountains. It is the highest point in San Miguel County. Its base is accessible by four wheel drive roads 11 miles (18 km) west of Telluride Colorado.Wilson Peak is part of a compact range of mountains the San Miguel Range often considered distinct from the wider San Juan Range.
 The Chagodoshcha (Russian: Чагодоща also known as Chagoda Russian: Чагода) is a river in Boksitogorsky District of Leningrad Oblast and in Chagodoshchensky Babayevsky and Ustyuzhensky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Mologa River. It is 242 kilometres (150 mi) long and the area of its basin 9680 square kilometres (3740 sq mi).
 The São João River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lake Magog is a freshwater lake located in the Estrie region of Quebec Canada. It is bordered by three municipalities: Sherbrooke Magog and Sainte-Catherine-de-Hatley. Located in the Appalachian geological province Lake Magog consists of sedimentary rock especially slate and sandstone. Lake Magog is part of the watershed of the St. Francois River which flows into the St. Lawrence River.
 The Wrangell Mountains are a high mountain range of eastern Alaska in the United States. Much of the range is included in Wrangell-Saint Elias National Park and Preserve. The Wrangell Mountains are almost entirely volcanic in origin and they include the second and third highest volcanoes in the United States Mount Blackburn and Mount Sanford.
 The Woonasquatucket River (pronounced /wuːnˈɑːskwəˌtʌkɨt/ Algonquian for where the salt water ends) is a river in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately 15.8 miles (25.4 km) and drains a watershed of 130 km² (50 sq. mi).Together with the Blackstone River to the north the Woonasquatucket was designated an American Heritage River in 1998. Both rivers played active roles in the industrial revolution and the history of Rhode Island in the 19th century.
 East Lake is one of the twin lakes that occupy part of the Newberry Crater or caldera in Central Oregon United States. It is located in the Deschutes National Forest near the city of La Pine. The caldera was formed over 500000 years ago from volcanic eruptions. East Lake's water comes from snow melt rain fall and hot springs only. The average depth is 67 feet (20 m) 180 feet (55 m) at the deepest point and covers 1044 acres (4.2 km2).
 The Yellow River is a 53.5-mile-long (86.1 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in northeastern Iowa. It originates in southwestern Winneshiek County and flows through southern Allamakee County receiving tributaries from northern Clayton County before joining the Mississippi near Marquette and Effigy Mounds National Monument.Much of the river's course is very scenic coursing between vegetated limestone cliffs. The watershed is located in northeastern Iowa’s unglaciated Driftless Area.
 The Olifants River (Afrikaans: Olifantsrivier) is a river in the southwestern area of the Western Cape Province of South Africa. The upper and main catchment area of the Olifants river is Ceres and the Cederberg mountains. The Clanwilliam and Bulshoek dams are located in the river and provide water for the towns and farms along the river. The river is approximately 285 km long with a catchment area of 46220 km² and flows into the Atlantic Ocean by Papendorp 250 km north of Cape Town.
 The Bilioso is an Italian river that flows into the Bradano. Its source is near Tricarico. It flows southeast through the province of Matera before entering the Bradano near Lago di San Giuliano (shortly after the Basentello does the same).
 The Horodici River is a tributary of the Râul Alb in Romania.
 North Fork Swan River is a tributary of the Swan RIver in Summit County Colorado. The stream flows southwest from a source on Glacier Peak in the Arapaho National Forest to a confluence with the Swan River.
 The Burnside River is a river in the Canadian terrirory of Nunavut. It has its headwaters at Contwoyto Lake (66°2′36″N 111°14′33″W) flows across the Precambrian Shield's Contwoyto Plateau flows through isolated and rugged tundra into Lake Kathawachaga and through the Wilberforce Hills region. Before emptying into Bathurst Inlet on the Arctic Ocean the Mara River (Nunavut) empties into the Burnside River.
 The River Churnet is a river that flows in Staffordshire England. It is a tributary of the River Dove.
 The New River is a 58.7-mile-long (94.5 km) tributary of the Big South Fork of the Cumberland River in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Via the Big South Fork and the Cumberland and Ohio rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.The New River rises on Frozen Head a notable mountain of Morgan County Tennessee. Named for its frequent winter appearance Frozen Head is the focal point of Frozen Head State Park and Natural Area.
 Ashnola Pass is a mountain pass in the North Cascades of northwestern Washington in the Pasayten Wilderness. See Ashnola River for name information.
 Shelburne Moriah Mountain is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Carter-Moriah Range of the White Mountains which runs along the northern east side of Pinkham Notch. Shelburne Moriah is flanked to the southwest by Middle Moriah Mountain. It is the northernmost Moriah Range summit along the Appalachian Trail which crosses the Androscoggin River at Shelburne New Hampshire and continues north into the Mahoosuc Range.
 The Black Mountains are located in the southeastern part of Inyo County California in southeast Death Valley National Park.
 Hoverberget (548m) is a mountain on a peninsula in the southern part of the Storsjön lake. The mountain a significant landmark and a Natura 2000 designated nature reserve lies within Berg Municipality in the southern parts of Jämtland in northern Sweden.
 Leopardi is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 72 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Leopardi is named for the Italian writer Giacomo Leopardi who lived from 1798 to 1837.
 Guadarranque Reservoir is a reservoir empounding the Guadarranque in the province of Cádiz Andalusia Spain.
 The Căreac River is a tributary of the Sartiș River in Romania.
 North Guardian Glacier is located on east slopes of Glacier Peak in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier descends from 8600 ft (2600 m) to 6430 ft (1960 m) and is partially connected to Chocolate Glacier which lies to its south. As is true with all the glaciers found on Glacier Peak North Guardian Glacier is retreating.
 Doyle's Delight is the highest peak in Belize (1124 m). It lies in the Cockscomb Range a spur of the Maya Mountains in Western Belize.The name Doyle's Delight was first coined by Sharon Matola in a 1989 report. The name is based on Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's book The Lost World (1912) which contains the quote there must be something wild and wonderful in a country such as this and we're the men to find it out!. This name has meanwhile achieved widespread acceptance.
 The St George River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It arises in the Otway Ranges and enters Bass Strait to the east of Cape Otway through the town of Lorne.
 Teichelberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.Mining of a 45 meter thick basalt layer started in 1888
 The Bush River is a 22.6-mile-long (36.4 km) tributary of the Appomattox River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It rises northeast of Keysville near the junction of the boundaries between Charlotte Prince Edward and Lunenburg counties. It flows northeast through Prince Edward County and joins the Appomattox River 3 miles (5 km) east of Farmville.
 The Ashburton River is located within the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
 Pic de Noufonts is a mountain of Catalonia. Located in the Pyrenees in the border between France and Spain it has an elevation of 2851 metres (9354 ft) above sea level.
 The Little River is a 29.3-mile-long (47.2 km) tributary of the Etowah River in the U.S. state of Georgia in the United States.The Little River is located mostly in Cherokee County and forms the jagged part of the Cherokee/Fulton (formerly Cherokee/Milton) county line and part of the more recent Milton city limit.The river flows generally from east to west and divides the Woodstock area to the south and Holly Springs area to the north.
 Prince of Wales Reach is the first arm of the Jervis Inlet and is located within the Coast Mountain Range of British Columbia Canada. This arm was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumber who charted all the of the area and was named after Albert Edward - the Prince Of Wales later Edward VII who was the second child born in 1841 to Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of England.
 For the Sluch River in Belarus or Northern Sluch see Sluch River (Belarus).The Sluch or Southern Sluch (Ukrainian: Случ Russian: Случь Южная Случь Polish: Słucz Slovak: Sluč Jižní Sluč) is a river a right tributary of the Horyn River which flows through Ukraine. It has a length of 451 km and a drainage basin of 13800 km².
 Highpointer Peak is a peak of the British Empire Range on Ellesmere Island. Highpointer is located about 22 km (14 mi) west of Barbeau Peak (2616 m (8583 ft)) the highest peak of the range.
 The Hopșia River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
 Bieber is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Boulder Glacier is located on the southeast slope of Mount Baker a stratovolcano near the Pacific coast of North America in the Cascade Range of Washington. Boulder Glacier is the sixth largest on Mount Baker with an area of 1.3 mi2 (3.4 km2) (Post et al. 1971). It flows from the summit crater between Grant Peak (10781 ft (3286 m)) and Sherman Peak (10141 ft (3091 m)) to about 5000 ft (1500 m).
 Halnefjorden is a lake in the municipalities of Ulvik in Hordaland county and Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud county Norway. It covers an area of about 13.5 km2 and is among the largest lakes of Hardangervidda.
 Dosenbek is a 8 kilometers long river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany. The origin is in the Gehege Negenharrie in the district Rendsburg-Eckernförde. Most of the water originates from the Dosenmoor. The mouth is close to the Brachenfelder Gehölz in Neumünster Brachenfeld.
 Margerie Glacier is a 21-mile-long (34 km) tide water glacier in Glacier Bay in Alaska and is part of the Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve. It begins on the south slope of Mount Root at the Alaska-Canada border in the Fairweather Range and flows southeast and northeast to Tarr Inlet. It was named for the famed French geographer and geologist Emmanuel de Margerie (1862–1953) who visited the Glacier Bay in 1913.
 Mount Ireland is a mountain in Grant County of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is about 5 miles (8 km) east-northeast of Granite Oregon. It is the second highest peak in the Blue Mountains at 8321 feet (2536 m) after Strawberry Mountain and Oregon's 71st highest peak. For a period of several years this mountain peak was referred to as Bald Mountain but in 1975 it was changed to Ireland Mountain before formally becoming known as Mount Ireland.
 Mount Taishaku (帝釈山 Taishaku-san) is a 585.9 m (1922 ft) mountain of Tanjō Mountains located Sakamoto Yamada Kita-ku Kobe Hyōgo Japan.
 The Peak River a perennial stream that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 Baosbheinn is a Scottish mountain situated in the Torridon area of the Northwest Highlands. It stands in a remote area within the Flowerdale deer forest some 39 km NNE of Kyle of Lochalsh.
 The Western Carpathians are a mountain range and geomorphological province that forms the western part of the Carpathian Mountains. The mountain belt stretches from the Low Beskids range of the Eastern Carpathians along the border of Poland with Slovakia toward the Moravian region of the Czech Republic and the Austrian Weinviertel. In the south the North Hungarian Mountains cover northern Hungary. The area of the Western Carpathians comprises about 70000 km².
 The Goldberg Group is a sub-group of the Hohe Tauern mountain range within the Central Eastern Alps. It is located in Austria in the states of Salzburg and Carinthia. Its highest peak is the Hocharn 3254 m AA. Other well known summits are the Hoher Sonnblick with its observatory at 3106 m AA and the Schareck at 3123 m AA
 Nyenchen Tanglha or Nyainqêntanglha (Tibetan: གཉན་ཆེན་ཐང་ལྷ་ w Gnyan-chen-thang-lha;[citation needed] Chinese: 念青唐古拉山 p Niànqīng Tánggǔlāshān) is a 700-kilometer (430 mi) long mountain range located in the Tibet Autonomous Region of the People's Republic of China. It has an average latitude of 30°30'N and a longitude between 90°E and 97°E.
 The San Roque Lake is a reservoir (artificial lake) in the province of Córdoba Argentina. It was created by the damming of several rivers especially the Suquía and the Cosquín. It is located next to the city of Villa Carlos Paz about 600 m above mean sea level. It has a surface area of 16 km² an average depth of 16 m and a maximum volume of 180 million m³.The dam was initially built to provide fresh water for the capital and its surroundings.
 Kunturkunka (Quechua kuntur condor kunka throat gullet neck voice hispanicized spelling Condorcunca) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Ayacucho Region Huamanga Province Quinua District. Kunturkunka lies southwest of the mountain Saraqucha Q'asa (maize lake mountain pass) hispanicized Saracochajasa) at the plain named Pampa de Quinua or Pampa de Ayacucho. This is where the Battle of Ayacucho took place.
 The Mao River is a river of the Dominican Republic. It is impounded by the Monción Dam.
 The Blauberge (Blue Mountains) or Blauberg are a mountain range in the Bavarian Prealps on the border between the states of Bavaria in Germany and Tyrol in Austria. Its highest summit is the Halserspitze or Halserspitz at 1862 m.
 Ajawaan Lake is a lake in the northern boreal forest portion of Prince Albert National Park Saskatchewan 700 metres from the north end of Kingsmere Lake via a wide portage trail. It is known mainly as the home of Grey Owl famed naturalist from 1932 to 1938. Access is via a 20 km trail from the Kingsmere River up the west side of Kingsmere Lake or by canoe or small boat via the Kingsmere River Kingsmere River rail push-cart portage and Kingsmere Lake.
 Wayna Khunu Qullu or Wayna Khunuqullu (Aymara wayna young (man) bachelor khunu snow qullu mountainyoung snow covered mountain hispanicized spellings Huayna Cuno Collo / Huaynacunocollo / Huayna Cuno Kollo) is one of the highest peaks in the Kimsa Cruz mountain range (Cordillera Kimsa Cruz or Quimsa Cruz) in the Andes of Bolivia with a height of about 5640 metres / 18504 ft.
 Selliner See is a lake at Ravensruh city of Neukloster in Nordwestmecklenburg Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 48.5 m its surface area is 0.127 km².
 Croghan Kinsella (Irish: Cruachán Uí Chinnsealaigh meaning little stack of the Kinsella family is a mountain in the Wicklow Mountains on the Wicklow/Wexford border; The term Croghan proper is a distinct older term and name meaing Red-Son or Red-Man. The Wexford 'River Bann' rises from its southern slopes.
 The Orbaiul Mic River is a headwater of the Ojdula River in Romania.
 Kuvansi is a medium-sized lake of Finland in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the Northern Savonia region and in the municipality of Suonenjoki.
 Craigowl Hill is a summit towards the eastern end of the Sidlaw Hills in Angus Scotland. Northeast of Kirkton of Auchterhouse and approximately eight kilometres north of Dundee Craigowl Hill represents the highest point in the range.
 Styggmann or Styggemann is the highest mountain of Skrimfjella in southern Norway.A legend about the mountain claims it used to be the home of a troll. The troll hated people walking on his mountain disturbing his rest so he used to lie on top of the mountain to scare them away. If someone came too close he threw rocks and boulders at them. If you walk the path to Sørmyrseter you can still see some of them.
 Elbow Pond is a 16-acre (65000 m2) pond in the Cedarville section of Plymouth Massachusetts. The pond is located south of Island Pond and west of Great Herring Pond.
 Janáček is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 47 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Janáček is named for the Czech composer Leoš Janáček who lived from 1854 to 1928.
 The Dosewallips River pronunciation: /doʊsɪˈwɑːləps/ (doh-si-wall'-ips) is a river situated on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises near Mount Anderson in the Olympic Mountains within Olympic National Park and drains to Hood Canal and thence to the Pacific Ocean.The river originates in two forks which join about five miles from the headwaters. The National Park Service maintains trails and campsites along both forks including one at the fork itself.
 Lake Moore is a lake located at Moorebank and Chipping Norton New South Wales. It is a part of the Georges River system.
 Mount Adrian is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 35 km (22 mi) southwest of Campbell River and 3 km (2 mi) northwest of Alexandra Peak.
 Serra d'Irta (Valencian pronunciation: [ˈsɛra ˈðiɾta] Spanish: Sierra de Irta) is a 18.8 km long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca Valencian Community Spain. Its highest point is Pic Campanilles (573 m).
 Kleine Aa (Aabach) (or the Little Aabach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany a tributary of the Aabach. Thus it is part of the Rhine-Weser River Basin.
 The Motupiko River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. A major tributary of the Motueka River it flows north from its origins southeast of the Hope Saddle meeting the Motueka at Kohatu 15v kilometres west of Wakefield. The Motupiko's tributaries include the Rainy River.
 Peña Trevinca (Galician: Pena Trevinca) also known as Trevinca is a mountain in northern Spain. It is located at the confluence of the Montes de León and the Macizo Galaico on the boundary between the autonomous communities of Galicia and Castile and León. It is the highest mountain in Galicia and in the province of Zamora.The mountain has a 22510 ha bird-life Special Protection Area.
 Wiggenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bosche Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located northwest of Highway 16 near the east border of Jasper National Park Canada.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Silver Creek is a stream about 16 miles (26 km) long in Marion County Oregon United States. It is a tributary of the Pudding River and originates in Silver Falls State Park in the Cascade foothills above the cities Silverton and Stayton.
 Goossee is a lake in Kreis Rendsburg-Eckernförde Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Lake Ginninderra is an artificial lake located on the Ginninderra Creek in Canberra. It is adjacent to the Belconnen Town Centre.
 Monte Millifret is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1581 metres.
 The Nechako Reservoir sometimes called the Ootsa Lake Reservoir is a hydroelectric reservoir in British Columbia Canada that was formed by the Kenney Dam making a diversion of the Nechako River through the Kitimat Ranges of the Coast Mountains to sea level at Kemano to service the new Alcan's aluminum smelter at Kitimat. When it was constructed on the Nechako River in 1952 it resulted in the relocation of over 75 families.
 Geiersberg (Spessart) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Vlădila River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Siruvani River is a river near Coimbatore South India. It is tributary of Bhavani river which in turn is a tributary of Kaveri. Part of the Siruvani River is near Mannarkkad in the Indian District Palakkad Kerala. The river leads into two big tourist attractions in Southern India namely the Siruvani Dam and the Siruvani Waterfalls. The Dam is also near Banan Fort. Banan Fort and the Siruvani Dam are just 15 km-25 km west of Coimbatore city.
 Do Moura River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Mt Titiroa is a prominent landmark of the Te Anau Basin area of northern Southland on the eastern flank of Fiordland National Park. It is known for its white granite rock which gives its summit the appearance of lingering snow even throughout the summer months and is clearly visible from Te Anau township.The mountain summit area is known as Geiger's Garden and sports a number of oddly shaped boulders caused by exfoliation in the granties. These are popular with photographers and mountaineers.
 The Anaktuvuk Pass (the place of caribou droppings el. 2200 ft.) is a mountain pass located in Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve in North Slope Borough in northern Alaska. The Anaktuvuk Pass is in the Brooks Range which divides the Anaktuvuk River with the John River.Anaktuvuk Pass is a village in the pass the home of the only concentrated population of the Nunamiut the only true inland Iñupiat group in Alaska.
 The Pirangi River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Ruth Reservoir (also known as Ruth Lake) is the only reservoir on California's Mad River. The reservoir and adjacent community were named for early settler Ruth McKnight. The reservoir was formed by construction of R. W. Matthews Dam in 1962 primarily for domestic and industrial water supply to Arcata Eureka and other communities around Humboldt Bay.
 The Badger Hills el. 4655 feet (1419 m) is a set of hills in Big Horn County Montana.
 The House Range is a north-south trending mountain range in Millard County of west-central Utah. The House Range was named in 1859 by James H. Simpson. It was named by Simpson because ...of its well-defined stratification and the resemblance of portions of its outline to domes minarets houses and other structures.
 Coropuna is the largest and highest volcano in Peru attaining an elevation of 6425 metres (21079 ft). It is located about 150 km (90 mi) northwest of Arequipa the second largest city in Peru. This massive ice-covered stratovolcano complex has a summit plateau which extends over 12 x 20 km (8 x 13 mi) with six separate summit cones rising above it. Three summits have over 300 m of prominence the true summit 6425m is at the northwest corner of the plateau.
 Poinsot is a worn lunar crater that is located at the northern part of the Moon on the far side. It lies to the south of the walled plain Rozhdestvenskiy. To the south is the smaller crater Heymans.This formation has been heavily worn by subsequent impacts leaving a round-shouldered outer rim that is nearly even with the surrounding terrain and an inner surface that slopes down to the floor without terraces or horizontal features.
 Homstølvatnet is a lake in the far western part of the municipality of Froland in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is located about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) east of the village of Byglandsfjord. The lake has an area of 2.61 square kilometres (1.01 sq mi) and is at an elevation of 350 metres (1150 ft) above sea level.
 The Te Mata River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand's North Island. It flows west to reach the Firth of Thames at the small settlement of Te Mata 25 kilometres south of Coromandel.
 Humbach (Ilm) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The North Concho River is a river in western-central Texas and one of three tributaries of the Concho River. The river is 88 miles (142 km) long. The other two tributaries are the Middle Concho and South Concho Rivers. The Concho River flows into the Colorado River (in Texas not to be confused with the Colorado that flows through Arizona and Nevada).
 Boris Yeltsin Peak (Russian: Пик Бориса Ельцина) is a mountain of the Tian Shan mountain range in Kyrgyzstan. Located in the Issyk Kul Province. It was named in 2002 for the first president of the Russian Federation Boris Yeltsin.
 Canoe Lake is a lake in Algoma District Ontario Canada about 10 kilometres (6 mi) north of the community of Blind River. The lake is shaped like a compressed letter Z with the horizontal strokes of the Z aligned northwest to southeast. The more northerly arm of the lake is about 4.6 kilometres (2.9 mi) long and the southerly arm 3 kilometres (2 mi). The lake occupies a total envelope of about 6 kilometres (4 mi) by 1.6 kilometres (1.0 mi).
 The Hanmer River is a river in the Hurunui District of New Zealand. It originates in the Hossack Saddle between the Hanmer Range and the Amuri Range and flows south-west into the Waiau River about 8 km south-west of Hanmer Springs.
 Piz Nair is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Uri and Graubünden. Together with Piz Giuv on the west it overlooks the end of the Etzli valley in the canton of Uri. The south-west and the south-east sides overlook respectively the small valleys of Val Giuv and Val Milà both converging to the Rhine valley west of Sedrun (Graubünden).
 The Marin Hills are a series of steep high ridges and peaks in southern Marin County. They are a part of the long Pacific Coast Ranges mountain system. The centerpoint of these hills is the 2571 foot (784 m) Mount Tamalpais near Mill Valley.
 The Nagara River (長良川 Nagara-gawa) has its source in the city of Gujō Gifu Prefecture and its mouth in the city of Kuwana Mie Prefecture Japan. Along with the Kiso River and Ibi River the Nagara River is one of the Kiso Three Rivers of the Nōbi Plain. Previously the river was named Sunomata River (墨俣川 Sunomata-gawa). With a length of 166 km (103 mi) it drains an area of 1985 square kilometres (766 sq mi) in the Chūbu region and empties into Ise Bay.
 Monte Bove is a mountain in the Monti Sibillini range of the Apennines Marche central Italy. It has an elevation of 2169 metres.It is limited from north by the Ussita stream and from south by the Vallinfante valley. Then northern and eastern slopes are characterized by wide rock cliffs of dolomitic limestone.
 Kleine Ammer is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Valea Hancii River is a tributary of the Secaş river in Romania.
 Huayna Picchu Wayna Picchu (hispanicized spellings) or Wayna Pikchu (Quechua wayna young young man pikchu pyramid; mountain or prominence with a broad base which ends in sharp peaks young peak) is a mountain in Peru around which the Urubamba River bends. It is located in the Cusco Region Urubamba Province Machupicchu District. It rises over Machu Picchu the so-called lost city of the Incas and divides it into sections.
 Essigberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Tătaru River is a tributary of the Buzăiel River in Romania.
 The Moldoveanul River or Recea River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 Gullfjellet (Gold Mountain) (987 meters above sea level) also called Gulfjellet is the highest mountain in the municipality of Bergen in western Norway.It also means grapefruit. It is situated on the border between Bergen and Samnanger Hordaland.
 Ñawinqucha (Quechua ñawi button hole / eye -n a suffix qucha lake hispanicized spelling Ñahuincocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Huancayo Province Chongos Alto District. It is situated at a height of about 4592 metres (15066 ft) about 2.25 km long and 0.64 km at its widest point. Ñawinqucha lies south-east of the lake Yuraqqucha and north-east of the lake Aqchiqucha.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică river in Romania.
 The Tanger (German pronunciation: [ˈtaŋɐ]) is a small river in Germany land Saxony-Anhalt. It is a left tributary to the river Elbe. The rivers meet at Tangermünde.
 Bellmunt (Sant Pere de Torelló) is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1246 metres above sea level.This mountain dominates the landscape of the Plain of Vic.
 Söllbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Sàileag is Scottish mountain located on the northern side of Glen Shiel 27 kilometres south east of Kyle of Lochalsh.
 The Chagame River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 La Braye (1788 m) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps located west of Torgon in the canton of Valais. It is the easternmost summit on the chain descending from Le Linleu.
 The Măngălaru River is a tributary of the Horăița River in Romania.
 Kawaweogama Lake is a lake in the James Bay drainage basin in Unorganized Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario Canada about 35 kilometres (22 mi) east of the community of Savant Lake on Ontario Highway 516 80 kilometres (50 mi) west of Armstrong on Ontario Highway 527 and 210 kilometres (130 mi) northwest of Thunder Bay. Except for the northwestern shore the lake is encompassed by Brightsand River Provincial Park.
 Colonel Bob is a summit in the Colonel Bob Wilderness on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington state. It is one of the highest points in Grays Harbor County the highest being an unnamed nearby peak.A Henry Fisher map from 1890 depicts Colonel Bob Mountain as McCallas Peak. Colonel Bob Mountain was first climbed in 1893 by Clark Pealer J. N. and Robert Locke who named the peak for orator Robert G. Ingersoll. The climbing party left a cairn and record which was discovered in 1930.
 The Ghilăuca River is a tributary of the Putreda River in Romania.
 Elephas Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1922 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 The Gutiérrez River is a small river in the northwestern Argentine Patagonia (the region of Comahue). It is born at the northern end of the Gutiérrez and flows in a rect path for about 4 km and ends on the Nahuel Huapi Lake.This short river divides the city of Bariloche in two.The river is also used for fly fishing and cross a military camp in the middle of their path.
 Ptarmigan Glacier is located on north slopes of Glacier Peak in the U.S. state of Washington. As is true with all the glaciers found on Glacier Peak Ptarmigan Glacier is retreating. During the Little Ice Age Ptarmigan Glacier extended down to an altitude of 4444 ft (1355 m) but aside from a small advance during the 1970s has retreated significantly since the end of the Little Ice Age.
 Asiru Phat'jata (Aymara asiru snake phat'jaña to split in half -ta a suffix to indicate the participle split snake) is a hill in Peru situated at a height of about 3895 metres (12779 ft). It is located in the Puno Region Yunguyo Province Yunguyo District. Asiru Phat'jata lies near Lake Titicaca at the road which connects Yunguyo and Puno south of the village Asiru Phat'jata (Acero Patjata) and north of the mountain Qhapiya.On the hill there is an archaeological area.
 The Harşit River (Turkish: Harşit Cayi) flows through Turkey's Gümüşhane and Giresun Provinces before its terminus in the Black Sea at Tirebolu. It is interrupted by the Torul and Kürtün Dams.
 Gananoque Lake is a lake of eastern Ontario Canada located about 10 miles north of the town of Gananoque.
 Ipasha Peak (9572 feet (2918 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Ipasha Peak is 1.29 miles (2.08 km) south of Mount Merritt and is in the northeastern section of Glacier National Park. Ahern Glacier is located on the southeastern slopes of the mountain while the Ipasha Glacier is to the southwest of the peak. Helen Lake lies almost 4500 feet (1400 m) below the summit of Ipasha Peak to the southeast.
 Ward Lake also known as Bill Evers Reservoir is a 2400 acre body of water in Manatee County Florida in the United States. It provides most of the water for the city of Bradenton and is a water feature in the Manatee River watershed.
 Manning River (Aboriginal: Boolumbahtee) an open and trained mature wave dominated barrier estuary is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast districts of New South Wales Australia.
 Secondary craters are impact craters formed by the ejecta that was thrown out of a larger crater. They sometimes form radial crater chains.
 Spider Cave is a limestone cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It is located within the Upper Rock Nature Reserve.
 The Independence Mountains are a range of peaks and hills in northern Elko County in northeastern Nevada in the western United States. The range extends northward approximately 70 mi (110 km) from a point near Carlin to the banks of the Owyhee River. To the east is the North Fork of the Humboldt River and to the west is the Owyhee Desert. Passing to the south is the main branch of the Humboldt River and near the northern end of the range is the Wild Horse State Recreation Area.
 The Pleasant River is a river in Washington County Maine. From the outflow of Pleasant River Lake (44°50′08″N 67°57′45″W) in Beddington the river runs 44.8 miles (72.1 km) south east and south to Pleasant Bay. The river's mouth is on the border between the towns of Harrington and Addison.
 Großer Seekopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Dyrtjørnhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Assineau River is a short river forming in central Alberta. The Assineau flows into Lesser Slave Lake which flows out through the Lesser Slave River a major tributary of the Athabasca River. The name for the river was in use by 1904. It is suggested that Assineau is a version of the Cree word for nobody.The river forms in Grizzly Ridge Wildland Provincial Park and heads north towards Lesser Slave Lake.
 Mount Kumgang (Korean pronunciation: [kɯmɡaŋsʰan]) is a 1638-metre (5374 ft)-high mountain in Kangwon-do North Korea. It is about 50 kilometres (31 mi) from the South Korean city of Sokcho in Gangwon-do Province. It is one of the best-known mountains in North Korea. It is located on the east coast of the country in Mount Kumgang Tourist Region formerly part of Kangwŏn Province (38.58°N 128.17°E﻿ / 38.58; 128.17).
 The Saracura River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Stover Canal is a canal located in Devon England. It was opened in 1792 and served the ball clay industry until it closed in the early 1940s. Today it is derelict but the Stover Canal Society is aiming to restore it and reopen it to navigation.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Topolița River in Romania.
 The Apa Mare River is a tributary of the Bărzăuța River in Romania.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 One of the three man-made bodies of fresh water on Palm Island Queensland.
 Gosaikunda also spelled Gosainkunda and Gosain Kunda is an alpine freshwater oligotrophic lake in Nepal's Langtang National Park located at an altitude of 4380 m (14370 ft) in the Rasuwa District with a surface of 13.8 ha (34 acres).
 The Secchia (called by Pliny Gabellus) is an Italian river. It runs through Emilia-Romagna and is one of the main tributaries on the right-hand side of the Po River. It is 172 km long and has a drainage basin with a surface of 2292 km² alternating between aridity in summer and fullness in spring and autumn.
 Djupvatnet is a lake in extreme southeastern Stranda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 2-square-kilometre (0.77 sq mi) lake lies at 1016 metres (3333 ft) above sea level. The lake is part of the headwaters of the Otta river system which flows southeast into the lake Breiddalsvatnet and on into Oppland county.Norwegian County Road 63 follows the northern shore of the lake.
 Mullacor (Irish: Mullach Mhór meaning Big summit) is a mountain in Wicklow Mountains in County Wicklow Ireland. Mullacor stands at 657 metres (2156 ft) making it the 22nd highest mountain in the Wicklow Mountains and the 177th highest in Ireland.
 Kukadi River (alternate spelling: Kukdi) is a river of Maharashtra India a tributary of the Ghod River. Several notable temples lie on its banks including the Vigneshwara Temple Ozar and Malanga Devi temple. The Yedgaon Dam dams the river creating an artificial lake. During the months when it is visible the riverbed is considered to be a wonder of nature characterized by rock erosion from water movement and gorges that are gouged with large potholes. Folk tales abound about the river.
 Serra Monte Cristo is a Brazilian mountain range located within the state of Mato Grosso. The state's highest point is located there measuring 1118 meters (3668 feet).
 The Kiul River (Hindi: किऊल नदी) is a tributary of Ganges. It originates in Giridih district of Jharkhand and flows through Jamui and Lakhisarai districts of the Indian state of Bihar.
 Old Brook is a small watercourse in Shaw and Crompton in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham Greater Manchester which flows from Crow Knowl on Crompton Moor to the River Beal. Its main feature is a waterfall at Pingot Quarry.
 Razor (2601 metres (8533 ft)) is a pyramidal mountain in the Julian Alps and the sixth-highest mountain in Slovenia. First ascended by Otto Sendtner in 1842 it is now frequently ascended with numerous mountain huts available for climbers.
 The Gjegnalundsbreen glacier is located in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 13-square-kilometre (5.0 sq mi) glacier sits on the borders of the municipalities of Bremanger and Gloppen. The glacier sits on the eastern side of the 1670-metre (5480 ft) tall mountain Blånibba inside the Ålfotbreen landscape protection area which also includes the nearby Ålfotbreen glacier. The Nordfjorden and Hyefjorden are located just north and east of the glacier.
 Mount Sumbing is a stratovolcano in the central region of Sumatra Indonesia. The volcano has a complicated summit region with several craters and a 180 m long crater lake.
 Phewa Lake Phewa Tal or Fewa Lake is a freshwater lake in Nepal located in the south of the Pokhara Valley that includes Pokhara city; parts of Sarangkot and Kaskikot. The lake is stream-fed but a dam regulates the water reserve therefore the lake is classified as semi-natural freshwater lake. It is the second largest lake in Nepal the largest in Gandaki Zone followed by Begnas Lake.
 Pari Urqu (Aymara pari red hot Quechua pari warm to get very hot overheated urqu mountain hot mountain hispanicized spellings Pari Orcko Pary Orcko Pari Orco) is a mountain in the Andes in Bolivia about 3950 m (12959 ft) high. It is located in the Potosí Department Tomás Frías Province Potosí Municipality. Pari Urqu lies in the west of Potosí north west of the higher Cerro Rico (Spanish name) P'utuqsi Urqu or Sumaq Urqu (Quechua names) which lies in the south of Potosí.
 The Karamea Bight is the name given to a large bay in the Tasman Sea formed by a curved stretch of the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. It stretches for 100 kilometres north from Cape Foulwind to just north of the mouth of the Heaphy River.
 Moorsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.5 m its surface area is 0.164 km².
 The Barron River (French: rivière Barron) is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in Nipissing District and Renfrew County Ontario Canada. It flows from Clemow Lake in northern Algonquin Provincial Park and joins the Petawawa River whose southern branch it forms in the municipality of Laurentian Hills near the municipality of Petawawa.
 Collmberg (slawische Bezeichnung; vgl. Sorbian chołm - Hill mound“) is the highest elevation in the Nordsachsen district.Until the 19th Century it was also called Spielberg. Another early nomenclature was Oschatzer Collm.It is 312 metres above sea level and is a landmark in Wermsdorf Forest 6 km west of Oschatz near the small village of Collm.
 Cravo Norte River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin. This is where the first Juggalo meeting was held and the rules were established. Due to a lack of other drinks in the nearby area at the time they choose Faygo as a primary drink for meetings.
 The Răchitișul Mare River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 The Rio Magno is a river of Jamaica.
 The Beltiug River is a tributary of the Hodişa River in Romania.
 Mount Torbreck is a mountain (elevation 1516 metres) in Victoria Australia 150 km from Melbourne. The mountain was listed as a place that could be declared as an alpine resort in The Alpine Resorts Act 1983 however no resort was ever developed on the site and it was recommended to be changed to a natural and scenic features reserve in 1994.Mount Torbreck was the site of a plane crash involving an RAAF Avro Anson in 1940
 Stewarts Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 San Pablo is a volcano located in the Antofagasta Region of Chile near the Bolivia border. It is joined to the younger San Pedro volcano by a high col.
 Waikato's Manganui River is located close to the west coast of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south parallel to the coast of the North Taranaki Bight before flowing into the Awakino River five kilometres from the latter's mouth.
 Eichelberg (Odenwald) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mooki River a perennial stream that is part of the Namoi catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.The river rises at the junction of Omaleah Creek and Phillips Creek and forms below the Liverpool Range south-west of Quirindi and flows generally west of north joined by three minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Namoi River north-east of Gunnedah; descending 88 metres (289 ft) over its 128 kilometres (80 mi) course.The towns of Quirindi and Werris Creek lie within the basin of the Mooki River much of which is prime agricultural land. 
 Juniper Lake is a large lake located at the southeast corner of Lassen Volcanic National Park in the U.S. state of California. The lake sits at an elevation of 6700 ft (2040 m) above sea level. There is a campground and a ranger station located on the eastern shore of the lake and a campground and private cabins located on the northern shore. The lake is accessible by an unpaved road from Chester.
 Legendre is a lunar impact crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon. Just to the southwest is the crater Adams. To the northwest is Palitzsch and the prominent Petavius.The rim of Legendre is worn and eroded with many small craterlets along the rim and the sides of the outer wall. A small crater approximately 25 kilometers in diameter lies across the southern rim. There is also a narrow gap in the northeast rim that provides a valley leading into the interior.
 Amherst Peak is a mountain in the city and borough of Juneau Alaska United States. It is a part of the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains in western North America.
 The Vicov River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 Ailsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Atzenberger Höhe is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Luhnau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Van der Waals is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is a heavily eroded feature with an irregular outer rim. The edge is lowest along the southern side where it is little more than a circular crest along the ground. It is more developed along the northern side but the rim is notched and rugged. The satellite crater Van der Waals W is attached to the exterior of the northeast and Van der Waals H intrudes into the rim along the southeast.
 Queanbeyan River a perennial stream that is part of the Molonglo catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Monaro and Capital Country regions of New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory in Australia. The river is 104 kilometres (65 mi) in length and the river catchment is 96000 hectares (240000 acres).
 Nevado Ojos del Salado is a massive stratovolcano in the Andes on the Argentina–Chile border and the highest active volcano in the world at 6893 m (22615 ft). It is also the second highest mountain in the Western Hemisphere and Southern Hemisphere and the highest in Chile.
 Vuokkijärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Oulujoki main catchment area. It is located in the region of Kainuu eastern Finland. The surface level of the lake is strongly regulated due to power production. Elevation can vary between 183.72 and 189.72 meters.
 Mount Hodson is an ice-covered stratovolcano and the highest point on Visokoi Island South Sandwich Islands. It might have erupted in 1830 and 1930 and the summit usually steams. Named after Sir Arnold Wienholt Hodson (1881-1944) Governor of the Falkland Islands and Dependencies 1926-30.
 The Bătrâna River is a tributary of the Dragoș River in Romania.
 The Țerova River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Paint Creek is a 42.1-mile (67.8 km) tributary of the Kanawha River in southern West Virginia. Paint Creek is part of the Mississippi River watershed via the Kanawha and Ohio Rivers and drains an area of 123 square miles (320 km2).Paint Creek rises in north central Raleigh County and flows along County Route 7 north through Sweeneyburg and Maynor. At Maynor the creek continues north along the West Virginia Turnpike.
 Völzberger Köpfchen is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Comisoaia River is a tributary of the Sineşti River in Romania
 Ribeira de Julião is a seasonal stream in the northern part of the island of São Vicente in Cape Verde. It flows only during rainy weather. It begins in the hills southeast of the island capital Mindelo and empties into the Porto Grande Bay a bay of the Atlantic Ocean southwest of Mindelo. The village Ribeira Julião takes its name from this stream.
 Lake Murati is a lake of Estonia.
 Craigysgafn is a rocky ridge and a top of Moelwyn Mawr that leads south from Moelwyn Mawr to Moelwyn Bach in Snowdonia North Wales. It has several impressive gullies which lead directly down to the scree slopes above Llyn Stwlan. Some scrambling is needed in places.
 Cap del Verd is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 2283 metres above sea level.
 The Notre Dame Mountains are a portion of the Appalachian Mountains extending from the Gaspé Peninsula of Quebec to the Green Mountains of Vermont.The range runs from northeast to southwest forming the southern edge of the St. Lawrence River valley and following the Canada–United States border between Quebec and Maine.
 The Păiușu Mare River is a headwater of the Păiuşu River in Romania.
 The South Virgin Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County Nevada.
 The Weber River /ˈwiːbər/ is a c. 125-mile (201 km) long river of northern Utah USA. It begins in the northwest of the Uinta Mountains and empties into the Great Salt Lake. The Weber River was named for American fur trapper John Henry Weber.The Weber River rises in the northwest of the Uinta Mountains at the foot of peaks including Bald Mountain Notch Mountain and Mount Watson.
 The Opawskie Mountains (Polish: Góry Opawskie German: Oppagebirge) or Zlatohorská Highlands (Czech: Zlatohorská vrchovina German: Zuckmanteler Bergland) are a mountain range of the Eastern Sudetes in the Czech Republic and Poland.
 The Petrilaca River or Teleac River ( Hungarian: Péterlaka-patak meaning Peter's Place Creek ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Canoe Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Sprague River is a 2.5-mile-long (4.0 km) river in the town of Phippsburg Maine. It flows primarily through tidal marsh and empties into the Atlantic Ocean 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of the mouth of the Morse River and 3.5 miles (5.6 km) west of the mouth of the Kennebec River.
 Williams Peak at 10636 feet (3242 m) high is the 6th highest peak in the Sawtooth Mountains of Idaho and is located within the Sawtooth Wilderness portion of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The peak lies 0.75 mi (1210 m) north-northwest of Thompson Peak the highest peak in the range.The town of Stanley Idaho is 5.5 miles (8.9 km) northeast of the peak.
 Spreeler Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Schorr is a lunar impact crater that lies across the eastern limb of the Moon. From the Earth this crater is viewed from the side limiting the amount of detail that can be observed. The visibility of this crater is also affected by libration of the Moon in its orbit.
 Wheaton Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island west of Marble Peak on the south side of Buttle Lake in Strathcona Provincial Park.
 Piz San Jon is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located south of Scuol in the canton of Graubünden. It is composed of three summits: Piz San Jon Dadaint (3093 m) Piz San Jon d'Immez (3065 m) and Piz San Jon Dadora (3048 m). All are located on the range between the Val S-charl and the Val Lischana.
 Jeptha Knob is the highest point in the Bluegrass region of Kentucky. It is located in Shelby County Kentucky about eight miles east of Shelbyville near the hamlet of Clay Village and rises some 300 ft (90 m) higher than the surrounding rolling farmland. The Kentucky historical marker at its base calls it a cryptovolcanic structure but it is now believed to be the result of an asteroid impact some 425 million years ago. There are four points in the area that contend for the highest point.
 Göllü is a lava dome located in central Turkey.
 Leatherwood Creek is a tributary of Wills Creek 28.6 miles (46.0 km) long in eastern Ohio in the United States. Via Wills Creek and the Muskingum and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 91.6 square miles (237 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 Kälbersteine is a mountain in district of Bautzen Saxony. It is a member of the Lusatian Mountains and is located roughly a km south of Crostau.
 The Palmital River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Besso (3667 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in the Swiss canton of Valais.The name Besso means 'twins' in the dialect of the Val d'Hérens and refers to the twin summits of the mountain.The first ascent of the mountain was probably made by the guides J. B. Epinay and J. Vianin in 1862. The classic route on the mountain – the south-west ridge (PD+) – was according to Collomb 'possibly' first climbed by R. L. G.
 South Weeks or Mount Weeks-South Peak is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is named for United States Senator John W. Weeks (1860–1926) of nearby Lancaster New Hampshire the sponsor of the Weeks Act of 1911 under which the White Mountain National Forest was established. South Weeks is part of the Pliny Range of the White Mountains.
 The Pârâul Oilor is a tributary of the Mija Mare River in Romania.
 Lake Babati is a lake in Tanzania known for its population of hippos. Recent droughts have led to a drop in the number of sightings of hippos causing concern for local hoteliers.
 Lake Hemet is a water storage reservoir located in the San Jacinto Mountains in Riverside County California with a capacity of 14000 acre feet (17000000 m3) of water. It was created in 1895 with the construction of the Hemet Dam and is owned and operated by the Lake Hemet Municipal Water District (LHMWD).
 Schubert is a crater on Mercury. It is named after Franz Schubert a famous Austrian composer.
 Tirawa basin is a large impact crater on Saturn's moon Rhea at 34.2°N 151.7°W﻿ / 34.2; -151.7. It was glimpsed by Voyager 1 during its flyby of the moon and later photographed in greater detail by the Cassini orbiter.Tirawa is 5 kilometers (3.1 mi) deep in places as measured in NASA Voyager images and is 360 kilometers (220 mi) across.The crater has a slightly elliptic outline and an elongated central peak complex suggesting it was caused by an oblique impact.
 Dorchester Bay is the smallest of the three small bays of southern Boston Harbor part of Massachusetts Bay and forming the south shoreline of the South Boston neighborhood and northeast shoreline of the Dorchester neighborhood of Boston as well as the north shore of the city of Quincy in Massachusetts.The bay is home to Thompson Island one of the Boston Harbor Islands. The Neponset River empties into Dorchester Bay between south Dorchester and Squantum Point Park in Quincy. The John F.
 The Kreuzspitze (2185 m) is the highest mountain in the Bavarian section of the Ammergau Alps.The mountain is located southeast of the Ammer Saddle. The easiest route to the summit is along the normal path from the north through the Hochgrieß Cirque (Hochgrießkar). A more scenic and varied route however is over the Kreuzspitzl to the south and then along the scenic ridge (UIAA climbing grade I to II) to the main peak.
 The Rivière Claire is a river of Martinique.
 The Paciência River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Paraná River basin and a tributary of the Iguazu River.
 The Izvorul lui Cârstocea River is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
 The Valea Prăvalelor is a tributary of the Grohotişul River in Romania.
 The Fața River is a tributary of the Timișana River in Romania.
 Mount Cabot is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is the highest peak of the Pilot Range of the White Mountains.
 Dakut is located in the province of Sulu in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao of the Philippines.
 Bartley Reservoir is a reservoir for drinking water in Birmingham England. It covers 460000 square metres.The reservoir is about 0.65 miles long over 450m wide and about 60 feet (18 m) deep at the dam. Its surface area is 110 acres (0.45 km2).It is known as the place where Bill Oddie did much of his early birdwatching and features in his books (notably Bill Oddie's Gone Birding) and television programmes.
 The Taihang Mountains (Chinese: 太行山; pinyin: Tàiháng Shān) are a Chinese mountain range running down the eastern edge of the Loess Plateau in Shanxi Henan and Hebei provinces. The range extends over 400 kilometres (250 mi) from north to south and has an average elevation of 1500 to 2000 metres (4900 to 6600 ft). The principal peak is Xiao Wutaishan (2882 metres (9455 ft)).
 The Ludza River (Latvian: Ludza Russian: Лжа Lzha) is a 156 kilometres (97 mi) long river in Ludza Cibla and Kārsava municipalities of Latvia and in Krasnogorodsky and Pytalovsky Districts of Pskov Oblast of Russia. It is a right tributary of the Utroya River.The source of the Ludza is Lake Lielais Ludzas near the town of Ludza Latvia. The river flows east turns north and a part of it forms the international border between Latvia and Russia.
 The Weißenberg in the Palatine Forest is a hill in the municipality of Merzalben (Südwestpfalz county Rhineland-Pfalz). Its height is variously give as 610 m above sea level or 607 m above NHN. The higher value has been officially recommended since 2011. That makes the Weißenberg the highest point in the west of the mountain range ahead of the Eschkopf and Mosisberg (each 609 m above NHN).
 The Pietrosu River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 Gnarpsån is a river in Sweden.
 Llanquihue River (Spanish: Río Llanquihue) is a river in the commune of Panguipulli southern Chile. It is formed by the union of Neltume River and Fui River. Llanquihue River flows in a south and westward and outflows in Panguipulli Lake.
 Putzarer See is a lake in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 7.3 m its surface area is 1.68 km2 (1 sq mi).
 Mount Satsunai (札内岳 Satsunai-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Guamaní River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Isiboro River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Atchafalaya River /ətʃæfəˈlaɪ.ə/is a 137-mile-long (220 km)distributary of the Mississippi River and Red River in south central Louisiana in the United States. It flows south just west of the Mississippi River.The Atchafalaya River is navigable and provides a significant industrial shipping channel for the state of Louisiana as well as the cultural heart of the Cajun Country.
 The Loose Stream sometimes called the River Loose or Langley Stream is a tributary of the River Medway notable for the number of watermills that it powered in its short length. It rises in Langley flows through Boughton Monchelsea Loose and enters the Medway at Tovil. The river valley is deep sided and there is much evidence of the paper and wool trades which once flourished here: the stream has been dammed in many places resulting in many mill ponds.
 Sialan is a mountain peak in Alborz range in Iran. At an elevation of 4185 metres (13730 ft) it is famous mountain in the range. Its south face rises from the Alamut valley.
 Galeras (Urcunina among the 16th-century indigenous people) is an Andean stratovolcano in the Colombian department of Nariño near the departmental capital Pasto. Its summit rises 4276 metres (14029 ft) above sea level. It has erupted frequently since the Spanish conquest with its first historical eruption being recorded on December 7 1580. A 1993 eruption killed nine people including six scientists who had descended into the volcano's crater to sample gases.
 The Sihla River is a tributary of the Ilişoara Mică River in Romania.
 The Sâva River is a tributary of the Cosău River in Romania.
 For the article on the river in England of a similar name see River Marron.The Marron River is a very small & very short river in southern British Columbia. It is located just west of Skaha Lake. It is about 7.8 km long.
 The Răchițele River is a tributary of the Someșul Cald River in Romania.
 Ameghino is a lunar impact crater located to the north of the Sinus Successus a bay in the northeast part of Mare Fecunditatis. Less than 15 kilometers to the northwest of Ameghino were the landing sites of the Soviet Luna 18 and Luna 20 probes.This formation was designated Apollonius C before being given a name by the IAU in honour of the argentine scientific and paleontologist Florentino Ameghino. Apollonius itself is located to the east-northeast.
 Mount Merapi Gunung Merapi (literally Fire Mountain in Indonesian/Javanese) is an active stratovolcano located on the border between Central Java and Yogyakarta Indonesia. It is the most active volcano in Indonesia and has erupted regularly since 1548.
 Lough Foyle sometimes Loch Foyle (from Irish: Loch Feabhail meaning Lough of Feabhal) is the estuary of the River Foyle in Ulster. It starts where the Foyle leaves Derry. It separates the Inishowen Peninsula in County Donegal Republic of Ireland from County Londonderry in Northern Ireland.
 The Greta River is a river in the Hurunui District of New Zealand. It flows north-east into the Hurunui River which runs into the Pacific Ocean south of Cheviot New Zealand. State Highway 1 follows the river for part of its route between Cheviot and Waipara. The locality of Greta Valley is to the east of the Greta River on the banks of the Waikari River. The river was named by local runholders Sir Charles Clifford and Sir Frederick Weld in the 1850s after the Greta River in Yorkshire.
 The Black Warrior River is a waterway in west central Alabama in the southeastern United States. The river rises in the extreme southern edges of the Appalachian Highlands and flows 178 miles (286 km) to the Tombigbee River of which the Black Warrior is the primary tributary. The river is named after the Mississippian paramount chief Tuskaloosa whose name meant Black Warrior in Muskogean.
 Śniardwy (German: About this sound der Spirdingsee ) is a lake in the Masurian Lake District of the Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship Poland. It is the largest lake in Poland with an area of 113.8 square kilometres (43.9 sq mi). It is 22.1 kilometres (13.7 mi) long and 13.4 kilometres (8.3 mi) wide. The maximum depth is 23 metres (75 feet). There are eight islands on the Śniardwy lake.
 Glas Tulaichean is a large complex Scottish mountain located approximately 18 kilometres (11 mi) south of Braemar in Perth and Kinross. It is the highest of a group of domed hills which lie in remote land between the head of Glen Tilt and Glen Shee to the east. It is most commonly climbed from the Spittal of Glenshee via Glen Lochsie to the south.
 Hart Side (the hill side frequented by harts) is a subsidiary top on one of the east ridges of Stybarrow Dodd which is a mountain (or fell) in the English Lake District west of Ullswater on the main Helvellyn ridge in the Eastern Fells. With a height of 756 m Hart Side rises above the col separating it from Green Side by 23 m.Some guide-book writers have treated Hart Side as a distinct fell and have devoted a separate chapter to it.
 Ossenbeck is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Boul River or Măgura River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 The Hamrin Mountains (Arabic: جبل حمرين Jabāl Hamrīn Kurdish: Çiyay Hemrîn) are a small mountain ridge in northeast Iraq. The westernmost ripple of the greater Zagros mountains; the Hamrin mountains extend from the Diyala Province bordering Iran northwest to the Tigris river; crossing northern Salah ad Din Province and southern Kirkuk Province.In antiquity the mountains were part of the frontier region between Babylonia to the south and Assyria to the north.
 The Itz is a river in Germany and a 80-kilometre (50 mi) right tributary of the Main.The Itz begins in Sachsenbrunn (Stelzen) Thuringia and flows southward through Bachfeld and Schalkau. It crosses into Bavaria and feeds the Froschgrundsee reservoir. It continues through Dörfles-Esbach Coburg and Großheirath then is joined by the Rodach north of Itzgrund. It continues southward to Rattelsdorf and Baunach where it joins the Main.The Itz flooded Coburg in early 2003.
 The Ogașu Streneac is a tributary of the Lăpușnicu River in Romania.
 The Keeley Creek is a river of Minnesota. It empties into Birch Lake in the Bear Island State Forest in St. Louis County Minnesota.
 The Partlett Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County California.
 The Cucuruzu River is a tributary of the Nedeiu River in Romania.
 The Clywedog reservoir (Welsh: Llyn Clywedog) is a reservoir near Llanidloes Wales. Completed in 1967 the reservoir was built near the B4518 road Powys to supply water to Birmingham and the English Midlands. The reservoir was formed by damming the Afon Clywedog a tributary of the River Severn. Its concrete buttress dam is the tallest concrete dam in the UK with a height of 72 metres and a length of 230 metres.
 The Bădeni River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 The Româna River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 The Murgașu River or Murgaciu River is a tributary of the Uria River in Romania.
 Haunted Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Cârțibașu Mare River or Valea Florii River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Pâraie River is a tributary of the Muşiţa River in Romania.
 The Elbe Sandstone Mountains also called the Elbe sandstone highlands (German: Elbsandsteingebirge; Czech: Labské pískovce) is a mountain range straddling the border between the state of Saxony in southeastern Germany and the North Bohemian region of the Czech Republic with about three-quarters of the area lying on the German side.
 Dolohmwar is the highest point of the Federated States of Micronesia with an altitude of 791 metres (2595 ft). Dolohmwar is located on the island and state of Pohnpei.
 The North Saskatchewan River (Assiniboine: Ogícize wakpá ) is a glacier-fed river that flows east from the Canadian Rockies to central Saskatchewan. It is one of two major rivers that join to make up the Saskatchewan River.The Saskatchewan River system is the largest shared between the Canadian provinces of Alberta and Saskatchewan. It includes most of southern Alberta and southern Saskatchewan before crossing into central Manitoba.
 Lagoa do Fogo (English: Lagoon of Fire) is a crater lake within the Agua de Pau stratovolcano in the center of the island of São Miguel Island in the Azores. The governmental authorities do not allow any modern construction around this lake. This lake is the highest above sea level on São Miguel Island.
 The Muskwa Ranges are a group of mountain ranges in northern British Columbia Canada. They are part of the Northern Rockies section of the Rocky Mountains and are bounded on their west by the Rocky Mountain Trench and on their east by the Rocky Mountain Foothills.
 Farø is an island in Denmark located between the islands Sjælland and Falster. It has an area of 0.93 km² and has a population of four people (2006). Administratively it is part of Vordingborg Municipality.The Farø Bridges (Farøbroerne) connect Sjælland with Falster via Farø on the European Routes E47 and E55 combined. Junction 42 of E55 is located on the western side of Farø. The island is connected by causeway with the islands of Bogø and Møn by route 287 Grønsundvej.
 The Goose Creek Mountains are a mountain range in Box Elder County Utah. It is also partly in Elko County Nevada.
 The Pietroasa River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania. It is located in Suceava County.
 Morrissey ridge is a mountain range of the Border Ranges located south-east of Fernie.
 Acıgöl (literally the bitter lake in Turkish) is a lake in Turkey's inner Aegean Region in a closed basin at the junction between Denizli Province Afyonkarahisar Province and Burdur Province. Its surface area varies greatly through the seasons with 100 km² in spring and 35 km² in late summer with a maximum depth of 1.63 m.
 The Weißenbach rises in the Halltal and flows near Absam from Gnadenwald to South to the village of Mils Austria which is located 12 km east of Innsbruck. There it merges near the Austrian Railways route with the Inn River. The brook has a gradient of 8 - 9%. It is special that the brook divides into 3 parts:
 Weißer Stein is the name of a 548 m (1798 ft) tall mountain in the Odenwald north of Heidelberg and east of Dossenheim.On Weißer Stein is a 20 m tall lookout tower. It was built in 1906 by the members of the Odenwald club. In good weather other high mountains of the Odenwald can be seen such as Melibokus Katzenbuckel Tromm and Neunkircher Höhe.
 The Nacimiento River is a 64.8-mile-long (104.3 km) river in southern Monterey County and northern San Luis Obispo County California. A large portion of the river's run is on military reservations. The river's upper reaches are inside Fort Hunter Liggett Lake Nacimiento is in the middle and the lower reaches are inside Camp Roberts. It is the largest tributary of the Salinas River in terms of streamflow.
 Jach'aqullu or Jach'a Qullu (Aymara jach'a big great qullu mountain big mountain hispanicized spelling Achacollo) is a mountain in the Barroso mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5690 metres (18668 ft) high. It is situated in the Tacna Region Tacna Province Palca District and in the Tarata Province Estique District northwest of the volcano Chupikiña and the mountain Wanq'uni.
 Mount Sahoro (佐幌岳 Sahorodake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. It is the site of the Sahoro Ski Resort.There are two routes up the mountain: Karikachi Pass route Sahoro Ski Resort route
 The Rother Link is a planned English canal that would connect the Chesterfield Canal at Killamarsh via the River Rother through to the Sheffield and South Yorkshire Navigation thus creating a new cruising ring and encouraging boats to visit the Chesterfield Canal.
 Venčac (Serbian Cyrillic: Венчац) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Aranđelovac. Its highest peak has an elevation of 659 meters above sea level. It is well known by its mine of white marble. Some parts of White House Washington D.C. are built from this quality material from Venčac.
 The Valea Morii River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Salvage Mountain (8225 feet (2507 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Lake Chicot (/ʃɨˈkoʊ/ shi-KOH) is a lake located near Lake Village Arkansas. It is the largest oxbow lake in North America and the largest natural lake in Arkansas formed 600 years ago by the meandering of the Mississippi River. The name Chicot French for stumpy is after the many cypress stumps and trees along its banks.
 Piz Canal (2846 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps situated south-west of Vrin in the canton of Graubünden. It is located on the chain between the Val Sumvitg and the Val Lumnezia north of Piz Terri.On its southern flank lies a large unnamed lake (2585 m).
 The Mummelsee is a 17-metre-deep lake at the western mountainside of the Hornisgrinde in the northern Black Forest of Germany. It is very popular with tourists travelling along the Schwarzwaldhochstraße. According to legends the lake is inhabited by a Nix and the King of the Mummelsee.
 The Swift River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south through a valley between the Black Hill and Mount Hutt Ranges to reach the north branch of the Ashburton River 25 kilometres northwest of Methven.
 Great North Mountain is a 50-mile (80 km) long mountain range within the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians in the U.S. states of Virginia and West Virginia. The range is located west of the Shenandoah Valley and Massanutten Mountain in Virginia and east of the Allegheny Mountains and Cacapon River in West Virginia.
 The Ortstock is a mountain in the Glarus Alps located on the border between the cantons of Schwyz and Glarus. It overlooks Braunwald and Linthal on its east side while the west side overlooks the high valley of Glattalp.There are no glaciers surrounding the Ortstock although a few névés can be found on its northern side.The north and south faces are very steep but experienced hikers can reach the summit via a trail on its less steep western flank.
 Blue Sea Lake (in French: Lac Blue Sea) is a lake in the municipalities of Blue Sea and Messines Quebec Canada about 90 kilometers (56 mi) north of Gatineau. It is known for its crystal clear water and is surrounded by cottages on its shores.The blue waters of Blue Sea Lake together with its dimensions and the absence of significant relief around create the illusion of a sea. It feeds the Blue Sea River which empties into the Picanoc River in turn a tributary of the Gatineau River.
 The Sărăcineanca River is a tributary of the Poienari River in Romania.
 Changuch is a Himalayan mountain peak situated at the boundary of Pithoragarh and Bageshwar district of the Uttarakhand state of India. This peak is situated above the Pindari Glacier. This peak offers a ridge leading to Nanda Kot. On its massif Traill's pass is situated which connects Pindari valley to Goriganga valley. The first successful ascent to the peak was made by an Indo-British team on June 9 2009 at 9 am.
 Lost Lake is located in Minnehaha County South Dakota United States. The lake lies 2 miles (3.2 km) north of Humboldt.
 The River Glyme is a river in Oxfordshire England. It is a tributary of the River Evenlode. It rises about 1 mile (1.6 km) east of Chipping Norton and flows southeast past Old Chalford Enstone Kiddington Glympton and Wootton Woodstock and through Blenheim Park. At Wootton the Glyme is joined by a tributary the River Dorn. The Glyme joins the Evenlode just south of the park near Bladon.The Glyme is dammed at Cleveley Kiddington Glympton and Blenheim.
 Dulce River (Spanish: Río Dulce or Sweet River) is a river in Guatemala completely contained within the department of Izabal. It is part of a lake and river system that has become a popular cruising sailboat destination.The river begins at the point where it flows out of Lake Izabal.
 Lake Tarleton is a 334-acre (1.35 km2) water body located in Grafton County on the western edge of the White Mountains in New Hampshire. The lake is located in the towns of Piermont and Warren. Water from Lake Tarleton flows via Eastman Brook west to the Connecticut River. Kingswood Camp for Boys is located on the lake. The Appalachian Trail runs nearby on Mount Mist then continues north to Mount Moosilauke with both mountains overlooking the lake.
 Tizi n'Tichka (Tashelhit:ⵜⵉⵣⵉ ⵏ ⵜⵉⵛⴽⴰ literally: The pastures mountain pass) is a mountain pass in Morocco linking the south-east of Marrakesh to the city of Ouarzazate through the High Atlas mountains. It lies between the great Marrakech Plains and the gateway of the Sahara Desert. From November - March snow can often fall on the pass but it can be warm all year round in the strong sun.
 The Dornetul River is a tributary of the Dobra River in Romania.
 Tulsi Lake is a fresh water lake in northern Mumbai. It is stated to be the second largest lake in Mumbai and supplies part of the city’s potable water. This is one of the three lakes located in the Salsette Island; the other two being Powai Lake and Vihar Lake.Both Tulsi lake and Vihar lake are located within the densely forested Sanjay Gandhi National Park or also known popularly as the Borivali National Park (BNP).
 Greenwood Lake is an interstate lake approximately seven miles (12 km) long straddling the border of New Jersey and New York. It is located in West Milford New Jersey (in Passaic County) and Greenwood Lake New York (in Orange County).The lake was originally called Quampium by the Munsee Native Americans who lived there.
 The Răchest River or Fieghiu River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 The Breaza River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Brescioara and Pojorta
 Anón River (Spanish: Río Anón) is a river in the municipality of Ponce Puerto Rico. It is located in the northeastern area of the municipality. Río Anón is one of 14 rivers in the municipality of Ponce and at 1060 feet (320 m) it is also the third with the highest river mouth location after Río Prieto and Río Blanco both of which have their mouths at 1381 feet (421 m). Río Anón is a tributary of Río Inabón. It has a length of approximately 4 kilometers (2.5 mi) and generally runs south.
 Lake Undozero (Russian: Ундозеро) is a freshwater lake located in the west of Plesetsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is one of the biggest lakes in Arkhangelsk Oblast and the second biggest one in Plesetsky District. The area of the lake is 44.7 square kilometres (17.3 sq mi) and the area of its basin is 709 square kilometres (274 sq mi).
 Stone Mountain is the centerpiece of Stone Mountain State Park. It is a dome of exposed granite (specifically a quartz diorite to granodiorite) of Devonian age which has intruded into the gneiss of the Precambrian Alligator Back Formation. It rises sharply over 600 feet (183 m) above the surrounding terrain. The mountain which has an elevation of 2305 feet (706 m) above sea level is known for its barren sides and distinctive brown-gray color and can be seen for miles.
 The Haar or Haarstrang is a ridge of hills on the southern edge of the Westphalian Basin in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia.
 Guasare River is a river of northern Venezuela. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 The Rex River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. It originates near the crest of the Cascade Mountains and flows northwest to join the Cedar River in the Chester Morse Lake reservoir. The Cedar River flows to Lake Washington and ultimately Puget Sound.
 The Tallapoosa River runs 265 miles (426 km) from the southern end of the Appalachian Mountains in Georgia in the United States southward and westward into Alabama. It is formed by the confluence of McClendon Creek and Mud Creek in Paulding County Georgia. Lake Martin at Alexander City Alabama is a large and popular water recreation area formed by a dam on the river.
 The Grumba River is a tributary of the Iedera River in Romania.
 The Germansen Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains bounded by Germansen Lake and South Germansen River northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Vermelho River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Dry River is a perennial river of the Murrah River catchment located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Pârâul Padeșului is a headwater of the Rușchița River in Romania.
 The Comox Glacier is a glacier on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 30 km (19 mi) southwest of Courtenay and 1 km (0.62 mi) west of Argus Mountain.The highest elevation of the Comox Glacier 1960 m (6430 ft) refers to a rocky outcrop on the north side of the glacier. Lacking an official name it is referred to as the Comox Glacier summit.The Comox Glacier is a member of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Turó de Morou is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1303 metres above sea level.
 The Pârâul Argintului or Valea Argintului River or Cisnădie River (German: Silberbach Hungarian: Kisdisznód) is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania. The reach upstream of Cisnădioara is sometimes called Râușorul
 The Maitland River is a river in the Pilbara of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Chichester Range near Zebra Hill and it flows in a north-westerly direction. The river crosses the North West Coastal Highway south of Karratha then discharges into the Indian Ocean.
 Tecuamburro is a stratovolcano in southern Guatemala roughly 50 kilometres south east of Guatemala City. The Tecuamburro is an andesitic stratovolcano which formed approximately 38000 years ago inside a horseshoe-shaped caldera formed by a structural failure in a second 100000-year-old stratovolcano known as Miraflores. At the top of the Tecuamburro is an acidic crater lake around which many hot springs fumaroles and boiling mudpots are found.
 The River Spodden is a watercourse in North West England. It rises in the Lancashire Pennine hills above Whitworth and proceeds south through Healey Dell and on to Rochdale Greater Manchester where the river merges with the River Roch. Nestled within the picturesque wooded valley is the site of what was the world’s largest asbestos textile factory Turner Brothers.
 The Santo Cristo River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Antimony Peak is a steep peak located in southern Kern County in the San Emigdio Mountains of the Transverse Ranges of California.The land is administered by the Los Padres National Forest. It was named by W. P. Blake a Pacific Railroad surveyor in 1854 after he identified a suspected vein of silver ore on the mountain as being the metalloid antimony.
 Loch Ericht (Scottish Gaelic Loch Eireachd) is a freshwater loch on the border between Perth and Kinross and the Highlands Council areas of Scotland. It is situated at a height of 351 metres above sea level and has a north-east to south-west orientation. The village of Dalwhinnie lies at the north east end of the loch. The loch is 14.5 miles (23.3 km) in length and has a surface area of approximately 7 square miles.
 Pic de Jallouvre is a mountain of Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Bornes Massif range. It has an altitude of 2408 metres above sea level.
 Näläntöjärvi is a lake of Finland.
 The Little Dargo River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Mihăești River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania
 Slioch (Scottish Gaelic: Sleaghach) is a mountain in the Scottish Highlands situated in Wester Ross eight kilometres north of the village of Kinlochewe. Slioch reaches a height of 981 metres (3218 feet) and towers above the south east end of Loch Maree to give one of the best known and most photographed sights (from the A832 road) in the Highlands.
 Gregório River is a river of Amazonas and Acre states in western Brazil.One of the main tributaries is the River Juruá which runs through the Brazilian states of Acre and Amazonas. It has a length total of 350 km.
 Jaizkibel is mountain range of the Basque Country located east of Pasaia north of Lezo and west of Hondarribia in Spain with 547 m at the highest point (peak Alleru). The range stretches south-west to north-east where it plunges into the sea at the Cape Higuer (spelled Higher too).
 Shadows Glacier is a glacier in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Kichatna Mountains on the north side of the Cathedral Spires moving north. It receives neighboring Shelf Glacier as a tributary and together with Cul-de-sac Glacier feeds the west fork of the Yentna River.
 Goldkopf (Gold Head) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is 324 m above sea level.
 Caldron Peak is named after Caldron Lake which is 3 km (1.9 mi) away. It is located in the Waputik Range in Alberta.
 The Taunus is a mountain range in Hesse Germany located north of Frankfurt. The tallest peak in the range is the 878 m high Grosser Feldberg.
 The Rivière Locaine is a river of Haiti.
 The Culcușu Ursului River is a tributary of the Saciova River in Romania.
 Lake Bess is a natural freshwater lake southeast of Winter Haven Florida. It is pear shaped and has a 147-acre (590000 m2) surface area. Two blocks from its northeast shore is a WalMart supercenter and just north of that is Cypress Gardens Boulevard. On its north-northwest side is a gated residential community. To its west is Lake Ruby. The two lakes are separated by a 40 feet (12 m) strip of land. On its south-southwest shore are residential developments. On its southeast is pastureland.
 Dürrschweinnaab is a river of Bavaria Germany. It is the right tributary of the Sauer river in Upper Palatinate. It arises at Großenbühl (448 m) from the confluence of Lohbach and black moss creek which is northeast of Stone Park. It is the smallest estuary of the Naab.
 The Izvorul Văratecului River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Stob Bàn is a mountain situated in the Lochaber region of Highland Scotland 16 kilometres east of Fort William. It reaches a height of 977 metres (3205 feet) and lies in a group of hills known as the Grey Corries which includes three other Munros and nine Munro Tops along an eight kilometre ridge.
 The Șipotele River is a tributary of the Telejenel River in Romania.
 Elk Mountain is a northernmost of the Medicine Bow Mountains. It is 7 miles (11 km) southwest of the town of Elk Mountain Wyoming and roughly 38 miles (61 km) from Rawlins Wyoming. The mountain is the area's most visible feature. It is located south of Interstate 80 in Carbon County. Elk Mountain is the 8th most prominent summit in the state of Wyoming.Radio station KBDY broadcasts from a tower on the summit.
 Upper Baron Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. Sawtooth National Forest trail 101 goes to the lake.Upper Baron Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Baron Lake is downstream of Upper Baron Lake while Warbonnet Peak at 10210 ft (3110 m) is west of the lake.
 The Țiganu River is a headwater of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 Horst is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Sykkylvsfjorden is a fjord in Sykkylven Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The fjord is a branch off of the main Storfjorden. The villages of Aure and Ikornnes are located near the mouth of the fjord and the village of Straumgjerde lies at the innermost part of the fjord. The Sykkylven Bridge crosses the fjord between Aure and Ikornnes.The deepest point in the fjord is 247 metres (810 ft) below sea level near where it joins the Storfjorden.
 Little River is a 23.4-mile-long (37.7 km) tributary stream of Goose Creek in Fauquier and Loudoun counties in northern Virginia. Via Goose Creek it is a tributary of the Potomac River.The stream rises to the east of Marshall in Fauquier County and flows northwards along the western base of the Bull Run Mountains to Aldie where it passes between the Bull Run Mountains and Catoctin Mountain.
 The Liliacul River is a tributary of the Râoaia River in Romania.
 The Maraetotara River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region New Zealand.
 The Rubicon is an underground river in the province of Liège in the northern-central part of Belgium. It flows through the Caves of Remouchamps where the world's longest underground trip by boat in a cave is possible (600 m).de:Höhle von Remouchamps
 Klippeneck is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Easton Creek is a short eastward-flowing stream whose watershed originates just east of Burlingame's foothills in San Mateo County California United States. The creek runs south of the Mills Creek and north of the Sanchez Creek watercourses respectively. The creek is predominantly with only small storm drained stretches through the hills and residential flatlands of the city.
 Neper is an old lunar impact crater located near the eastern limb of the Moon. Due to its location the crater must be viewed during a suitable libration and is very foreshortened. The crater lies on the south edge of Mare Marginis to the east of the crater Jansky. To the northwest across the Mare Marginis is the crater Goddard.The crater inner walls have worn terraces with low rim edges at the northern and southern extremes.
 Wiesbach (Usa) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Hodod River is a tributary of the Valea Leleiului River in Romania.
 Cremona is a lunar crater that is located long the north-northwestern limb of the Moon. From the Earth this crater is viewed from the side and the visibility is affected by libration effects. To be viewed in any detail this crater must be seen or photographed from orbit. It is located midway between the crater Boole to the south-southeast and on the far side of the Moon the crater Lindblad.This is a relatively old worn crater that is overlaid by a number of smaller craters.
 Fleetwith Pike is a fell in the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria which reaches a height of 648 metres (2126 feet). The fell is a well-known feature of the area as it casts an imposing presence over Buttermere and the Honister Pass on the B5289 motor road between Borrowdale and Buttermere.
 The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Seneca Caverns is a karst show cave in Riverton West Virginia USA. It was used for ceremonies of Seneca Indians an Iroquois confederacy tribe and has been commercially used since 1930. The largest room inside the cave is the Teter Hall which is 60 feet tall by 60 feet wide in some areas.
 The Haune is a 64 km long river in Hesse Germany right tributary of the Fulda. Its source is southeast of the town Fulda in the Rhön Mountains. The Haune flows generally north through the towns Hünfeld Burghaun and Haunetal. It flows into the Fulda in Bad Hersfeld.
 The Noxubee River (NAHKS-uh-bee) is a tributary of the Tombigbee River about 140 mi (225 km) long in east-central Mississippi and west-central Alabama in the United States. Via the Tombigbee it is part of the watershed of the Mobile River which flows to the Gulf of Mexico.
 The Da Prata River (Tijuco River) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Enonvesi is a rather large lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the regions of Southern Savonia and Northern Savonia in Finland. It is a part of the Saimaa lake system.
 Krumbächlein is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Leucuș River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 King Edward Peak is a mountain located north of Starvation Creek and the U.S. border. The mountain was named in 1915 after King Edward VII.King Edward Peak should not be confused with Mt. King Edward (3490 m (11450 ft)) located on the Continental Divide farther north although it too was named after King Edward.
 Rio Verde (Portuguese for green river) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Tucannon River is a tributary of the Snake River in the U.S. state of Washington. It flows generally northwest from headwaters in the Blue Mountains of southeastern Washington to meet the Snake 4 miles (6 km) upstream from Lyons Ferry Park and the mouth of the Palouse River. The Tucannon is about 62 miles (100 km) long. Part of the upper river flows through the Wenaha–Tucannon Wilderness.
 See Döpe is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 38 m its surface area is 0.77 km².
 The Aal is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Gul Lasht Zom is a snowy pinnacle easily visible from any vantage point on the Tirich Glacier from the Shagroom side. It lies in the Hindu Kush range of Pakistan. It offers easy climbing and was first climbed by Kurt Diemberger of Austria.
 Lake Urru (Tibetan: འུར་རུ་མཚོ Wylie: ur ru mtsho; Chinese: 吴如错; pinyin: Wúrú Cuò）is a plateau lake in Nagqu Prefecture Tibet Autonomous Region southwest of China located between Nyima County and Xainza County. The lake which is part of the Siling Lake drainage system is fed by several rivers and drains eastward into Lake Jargö. It is 33.6 km long and 13.4 km wide and has an area of 342.7 square km.
 East Grand Lake is located between the U.S. state of Maine and the Canadian province of New Brunswick. The boundary between the United States and Canada passes through the lake. In Maine it falls within two counties Washington and Aroostook and in New Brunswick it serves as the western boundary of York County.The lake is part of the Chiputneticook chain of lakes which also include Spednic North and Palfrey and form the headwaters of the St. Croix River.
 The Hodoș River is a tributary of the Egher River in Romania.
 Bikin (Russian: Бики́н) is a river in Primorsky and Khabarovsk Krais in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Ussuri River and is 560 km long with a drainage basin of 22 300 km².Main tributaries are the Alchan Bachelaza and Zeva Rivers.The town Bikin is situated at the Bikin River.
 Bruchhauser Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Witham Navigable Drains are located in Lincolnshire England and are part of a much larger drainage system managed by the Witham Fourth District Internal Drainage Board. The Witham Fourth District comprises the East Fen and West Fen to the north of Boston which together cover an area of 97 square miles (250 km2). In total there are over 438 miles (705 km) of drainage ditches of which under 60 miles (97 km) are navigable.
 The De Breves River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Anvik River is a 140-mile (230 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It flows southeast from the Nulato Hills to its mouth on the larger river 1.5 miles (2.4 km) north of Anvik.The annual production of summer chum salmon along the Anvik River is thought to be the largest in the Yukon River basin.
 Cloud Peak Glacier is in the Bighorn Mountains in the northcentral section of the U.S. state of Wyoming. Centered within the Cloud Peak Wilderness of Bighorn National Forest Cloud Peak Glacier is the only active glacier in the Bighorn Mountains. The glacier is in a deep cirque immediately northeast of Cloud Peak the highest peak in the Bighorn Mountains.
 Jabal Ruwaydah is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Jebel Shams Arabic: جبل شمس‎ (mountain of sun) is a mountain located in northeastern Oman north of Al Hamra town. It is the highest mountain of the country and part of Al Hajar Mountains range. It is a popular sightseeing area located 240 km (149 mi) from Muscat. In the summer temperature is around 20°C (68°F) and in the winter it drops to less than 0°C (32°F).
 The Guiana Shield is one of the three cratons of the South American Plate. It is a 1.7 billion-year-old[citation needed] Precambrian geological formation in northeast South America that forms a portion of the northern coast. The higher elevations on the shield are called the Guiana Highlands which is where the table-like mountains called tepuis are found.
 The Mahoș River is a tributary of the Topliţa River in Romania.
 The Eglwys Nunydd is a 260 acre supply reservoir in Margam Wales originally constructed to provide water for the large steelworks at Margam and specifically for cooling water for the cold rolling mills at the eastern end of the works. Much of the water for the hot end of the plant is abstracted from the Rivers Afan and the Ffrwdwyllyt as they flow through the dock feeder.The lake supports a trout and coarse fishing. It is used for dinghy sailing.
 Pico Paraná is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Paraná and in all Southern Brazil. It is composed of granite and gneiss. It was discovered by German explorer Reinhard Maack. He also made the first ascent of the mountain together with Rudolf Stamm and Alfred Mysing. The official height was obtained in 1992 by three teams from the Federal University of Paraná using the Global Positioning System.[citation needed]
 Predigtstuhl (Niederbayern) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Arenig Fawr (English: Great High Ground) is a mountain located in Snowdonia North Wales. The mountain which is the largest in the area lies close to Llyn Celyn reservoir alongside the A4212 between Trawsfynydd and Bala.
 Poggenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Great Shunner Fell is the third highest mountain in the Yorkshire Dales North Yorkshire England and the highest point in Wensleydale; at 716 metres above sea level.The Pennine Way passes over its summit on the way from Hawes to Keld.
 Riistavesi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the Northern Savonia region in Finland close to the town of Kuopio.
 The Boteanu River is a headwater of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 Parú River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Gârcu River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania. It starts at the junction of branches Gârcu Mare and Gârcu Mic
 Rubicon Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe in the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County California.
 Lake Constance (German: Bodensee) is a lake on the Rhine at the northern foot of the Alps and consists of three bodies of water: the Obersee (upper lake) the Untersee (lower lake) and a connecting stretch of the Rhine called the Seerhein.The lake is situated in Germany Switzerland and Austria near the Alps. Specifically its shorelines lie in the German federal states of Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg the Austrian federal state of Vorarlberg and the Swiss cantons of Thurgau and St.
 Nevado Piquenes is a mountain in the Andes Mountains of central Chile. It has a height of 6019 metres (19747 ft).
 The Șoimoș River (Hungarian: Solymos-patak) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.The Hungarian name means Hawkish Creek. The Romanian name derives from that.
 Mount Pleasant is a hill with an elevation of 663 metres (2175 ft) AHD  that is located in the north–eastern suburbs of Canberra in the Australian Capital Territory Australia. The hill overlooks the Australian Defence Force Academy and the Royal Military College at Duntroon. On the top of the hill is a memorial to all ranks of the Royal Regiment of Australian Artillery.
 The Gladna River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania. The Surduc Dam is built on the Gladna River.
 Fourier is a lunar crater that is located in the southwestern part of the Moon's near side just to the southeast of the crater Vieta. To the northeast is the Mare Humorum. The rim of this crater is roughly circular but appears oval when viewed from the Earth due to foreshortening.Except to the north-northwest the outer rim is not heavily eroded. The satellite crater Fourier B lies along the eastern rim and inner side.
 The Little Blue River (Pawnee: Uuructareeʾus ) is a 245-mile-long (394 km) river in southern Nebraska and northern Kansas that was used by Pony Express horseback riders. Ridgelines of this historic watershed defined the wagon train routes first used by Oregon Trail Emigrants.The Little Blue rises just south of Minden in Kearney County Nebraska. It flows east-southeast past Hebron and Fairbury Nebraska.
 Fensfjorden is a fjord on the border of Hordaland and Sogn og Fjordane counties in Norway. The 30-kilometre (19 mi) long fjord begins in the North Sea at Holmengrå Lighthouse and flows to the southeast through the municipalities of Austrheim Gulen Lindås and Masfjorden. The fjord ends on the Masfjorden-Lindås border where it splits into two fjords: Masfjorden (which flows to the northeast into Masfjorden municipality) and Austfjorden (which flows southeast into Lindås municipality).
 Quail Lake is an artificial lake in Los Angeles County California. It is located in the San Andreas Rift Zone along the north side of State Route 138 and serves as a regulatory storage body for the West Branch California Aqueduct.
 The Anima Nipissing River also known as the Red Squirrel River is a river in Nipissing District Ontario Canada. It is situated in Aston and Banting townships of the municipality of Temagami.
 Red Rock Mountain is a mountain located in Luzerne County Pennsylvania. This summit is actually on the North Mountain escarpment. The escarpment in which Red Rock Mountain is located is a part of the Allegheny Plateau. This summit features a firetower known as Grandview all located within the Ricketts Glen State Park.The views from the top of the mountain are impressive and varied.
 The Whitlock Valley is a small valley in southeast Arizona USA lying between three mountain ranges. The valley lies on the south perimeter region of the White Mountains in eastern Arizona and lies south of the west-flowing Gila River and the region transitions south into Cochise County and three large valleys with some scattered dry lakes.
 At 251 metres Ball Hill is one of the highest hills in the county of Dorset England and is on the Wessex Ridgeway.
 The Rimetea is a small river in the Apuseni Mountains Alba County and Cluj County western Romania. It is a right tributary of the river Arieş. It flows through the municipalities Rimetea and Iara and joins the Arieș in the village Buru. It is fed by several smaller streams including Pârâul Muntelui and Valea Albă.
 Rollmannsberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Mădărașul Mic River is a headwater of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Kroombit Dam is a roller compacted concrete dam built to replenish the groundwater supply to the Callide Irrigation area. The dam has a maximum height of 25m and used 275000m³ of zoned earthfill and 100000m³ of RCC and conventional concrete.SunWater is undertaking a dam spillway capacity upgrade program to ensure the highest level of safety for our dams is maintained. The spillway will be upgraded in the longer term.
 Lake Khövsgöl (Mongolian: Хөвсгөл нуур Khövsgöl nuur classic script: (ᠺᠥᠪᠰᠦᠭᠦᠯ ᠨᠠᠭᠤᠷ) köbsügül naɣur) also referred to as Khövsgöl dalai (Хөвсгөл далай Khövsgöl ocean) or Dalai Eej (Далай ээж ocean mother) is the largest fresh water lake in Mongolia by volume and second largest by area. Khövsgöl Nuur is nicknamed Younger sister of the Sister Lakes (Lake Khövsgöl and Lake Baikal).
 Ještěd (Czech pronunciation: [ˈjɛʃcɛt]; German: Jeschken) is the highest mountain peak (1012 m) of the Ještěd-Kozákov Ridge near Liberec in the north of the Czech Republic. From the summit there are views into Germany and Poland. The Horní Hanychov region of Liberec lies just below the mountain.On the summit is the Ještěd Tower restaurant hotel and television tower designed by Karel Hubáček accessible by road or cable car (Ještěd Cable car). The mountain also has a ski resort.
 Saanijärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is situated in Pihtipudas in Central Finland and it belongs to the Kymijoki main catchment area.
 Far Hill Quarry is a disused quarry on Harpur Hill Derbyshire. It has flooded and became known locally as The Blue Lagoon.The quarry lake is a popular swimming spot despite pollution and its pH level being 11.3 which is highly alkaline (ammonia is 11.5).The attractive blue colour is from caustic chemicals in the stone. In 2013 the water was dyed black to deter swimmers.A proposal in August 2012 to fill in the quarry was rejected.
 The Veneția River Venezia in Italian (Romanian pronunciation: [veneˈtsi.a]) is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Cerro Ciento at 11154 feet (3400 m) above sea level is the tenth highest peak in the Boulder Mountains of Idaho. Located in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area on the border of Blaine and Custer counties Cerro Ciento is about 0.8 miles (1300 m) north of Easley Peak. Cerro Ciento is the 80th highest peak in Idaho.The easiest route is an off-trail class 2 scramble from the end of the Spring Creek Road which can be accessed from Idaho State Highway 75.
 The Cuesta Arriba River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Sprinkling Tarn is a body of water at the foot of Great End in the Southern Fells in Lake District 3 km from Seathwaite Cumbria. Sprinkling Tarn is a popular location for wild campers. It is also popular among anglers being noted for its trout and vendace. Formerly known also as Sparkling Tarn.
 Packwood Creek is one of the four main creeks that flow through the city of Visalia and the surrounding communities.
 The King George River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise to the west of the Ashton Range.
 Loch a' Chàirn Bhàin (Gaelic for White Cairn Loch) or Loch Cairnbawn is a sea inlet off Eddrachillis Bay on the west coast of the Scottish Highlands north of Ullapool. It was the site of the World War Two midget submarine training base Port HHZ.
 Iron Mountain is a peak in the Black Hills of South Dakota notable for the fact that U.S. Route 16A was purposely built directly over its summit to provide scenic views of Mount Rushmore National Memorial.
 The Făgețel River is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
 The Maclaughlin River a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment is located in the Monaro region of New South Wales Australia.
 Tom (Russian: Томь IPA: [tomʲ] Shor: Том) is a river in Russia a right tributary of the Ob. Its length is 540 miles (871 km). Its source is in the Abakan mountains (a northern continuation of the Altay Mountains) and it flows northward through the Kuznetsk Basin. It flows into the Ob approximately 30 miles (50 km) north of Tomsk.Cities on the Tom River include Mezhdurechensk Novokuznetsk Kemerovo Yurga Tomsk and Seversk. The Aba live near the river.
 The San Augustin Mountains are a small mountain subrange at the southern terminus of the San Andres Mountains east of Las Cruces New Mexico. Organ lies at the southwest foothills; the townsite White Sands NM lies to the southeast at the southwest of the Tularosa Valley.
 The Mălina River is a tributary of the Iapa River in Romania.
 Goethe Glacier is a small glacier located in the Sierra Nevada Range in the John Muir Wilderness of Sierra National Forest in the U.S. state of California. The glacier is northwest of Mount Goethe (13264 ft (4043 m)).
 Chiqllarahu (Quechua chiqlla green rahu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized spellings Chequiarajo Chequiaraju also Chekiaraju) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peruabout 5286 metres (17343 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Carhuaz Province Shilla District. Chiqllarahu lies northwest of the mountain Wallqan and the lake Chiqllaqucha (Quechua for green lake).
 The Uecker ([ˈʏkər]) or Ucker is a river in the northeastern German states of Brandenburg where it is known as the Ucker and of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. Its source lies in the Uckermark district near the village Alt-Temmen. It flows north through Lake Oberuckersee Lake Mollensee and Lake Unteruckersee where the old town of Prenzlau stands. Near the small village of Nieden (the border between Brandenburg and Vorpommern) the Ucker changes its name to Uecker.
 Third Hill Mountain is located in Berkeley County West Virginia in the Eastern Panhandle. Third Hill Mountain reaches its highest elevation of 2165 feet (660 m) above sea-level southeast of the Locks-of-the-Mountain where it locks with Sleepy Creek Mountain. The long distance Tuscarora Trail passes along ridge and bench of the mountain.
 The North Umpqua River is a tributary of the Umpqua River about 110 miles (177 km) long in southwestern Oregon in the United States. It drains a scenic and rugged area of the Cascade Range southeast of Eugene flowing through steep canyons and surrounded by large Douglas-fir forests. Renowned for its emerald green waters it is considered one of the best fly fishing streams in the Pacific Northwest for anadromous fish.
 The Canaan River is located in the southeastern portion of New Brunswick. The river drains into Washademoak Lake in turn draining into the Saint John River. The watershed is composed of 17 tributaries. The total watershed area is 2167 km2
 Mount Haystack is a mountain in the Great Range of the Adirondack High Peaks in the Adirondack Mountains of New York. It is the third highest peak in the state after Algonquin Peak and Mount Marcy. It gets its name from the resemblance of its rounded conical peak to a haystack.
 The Pârâul Duruitorilor is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Arauá River (Coari River) is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Santa Teresa Mountains are located in western Graham County Arizona within the Coronado National Forest and within the Santa Teresa Wilderness.
 The Naunspitze is a 1633 m AA high peak in the Zahmer Kaiser the northern ridge of the Kaisergebirge mountains in Austria. Seen from the west she is the first independent summit on the main crest. To the south she falls sharply away and to the north ends abruptly in a steep rock face that towers over the Inn valley near Ebbs. The next peak along the main ridge to the east is the Petersköpfl (1745 m AA) which is separated from the Naunspitze by a small wind gap.
 Named after Eli Simpson Simpson Pot is one of several entrances into the West Kingsdale System in North Yorkshire England.It is popular with cavers as it is possible to descend it by abseiling down the pitches retrieving the rope each time and exiting from the Valley Entrance of the Kingsdale Master Cave located at the base of the hill.A trip through Simpson Pot consists of a series of short pitches a duck through The Blasted Hole followed by the 21 metres (69 ft) deep Slit Pot at the bottom of which is the junction with Swinsto Hole. 
 The Valea Băilor River is a headwater of the Pârâul Muntelui in Romania.
 Lake Brittany is one of the eight lakes in Bella Vista in Northwest Arkansas. It is located on the east side of Bella Vista. The dam is off Trafalgar Rd.
 The Pataua River is a tidal river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northeast from its origins east of Whangarei reaching the Pacific Ocean at the southern end of Ngunguru Bay. At its mouth the river is flanked by the settlements of Pataua North and Pataua South which are separated by a footbridge.
 Lake Aloha is a large shallow backcountry reservoir in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe. The lake is located in Desolation Valley within the federally protected Desolation Wilderness area. It can be reached by hiking west from Echo Lake (California) or the Glen Alpine Springs Trailhead near the city of South Lake Tahoe. There is a moderate gain in altitude as you head west.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Río Naranjo is a river in south-west Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre in the western department of San Marcos. From there it flows past the town Coatepeque in the department of Quetzaltenango through the coastal plains of Retalhuleu into the Pacific Ocean.The Naranjo river basin covers a territory of 1273 km2 and has a population of approximately 272611 people
 The Răchita River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Kröndlhorn is a 2444 m AA high mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps in Austria. It is one of the highest mountains on the main crest of the Kitzbühel Alps. The state border between Tyrol and Salzburger Land runs over its summit.
 The Pârâul Cetății is a tributary of the Sălătrucel River in Romania.
 Coity Mountain (also spelled Coety Mountain Welsh: Mynydd Coety) is a flat-topped mountain in the South Wales Valleys between Blaenavon and Abertillery. The highest points of both Torfaen and Blaenau Gwent unitary authorities are at the summit of Coity Mountain. The summit is also known as Twyn Ffynhonnau Goerion. Some 2 km (1 mi) to the southeast lies a major subsidiary top of the hill Mynydd Varteg Fawr (549m) at the southeastern end of whose broad ridge is a trig point at 544m.
 Lake Keta (Russian: Кета) is a large freshwater lake in Krasnoyarsk Krai north-central part of Russia. It is located at 68.6897°N 90.4386°E﻿ / 68.6897; 90.4386 and has an area of 452 km². Rybnaya River flows from the lake.
 Bach von dem Kohl is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Vierydsån is a river in Sweden.
 Mount Andromeda is at 550 metres (1800 ft) the higher and more southerly of the twin ice domes this one marking the summit of Candlemas Island South Sandwich Islands. It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1971 in association with nearby Mount Perseus the name referring to Andromeda the mythical heroine rescued from a sea monster by the hero Perseus.
 The Xaya River is a river of Guatemala.
 Donna is a tiny lunar crater on the near side of the Moon. It is located in the eastern half of the Mare Tranquillitatis at the summit of the lunar dome Omega (ω) Cauchy. As such domes are thought to be volcanic in nature it appears likely that this crater was created by an eruption. This is in contrast to most lunar craters which are now believed to be created by impacts.
 The Huisne is a river is located in France. It is a left tributary of the river Sarthe which it meets in Le Mans. Its source is near the town Pervenchères in the Orne department.The Huisne flows through the following départements and towns:Orne: Saint-Jouin-de-Blavou Rémalard Condé-sur-Huisne Le TheilEure-et-Loir: Nogent-le-RotrouSarthe: La Ferté-Bernard Montfort-le-Gesnois Le MansOne historic town located on the Huisne is Nogent-le-Rotrou.
 Cassels Lake (originally known as White Bear Lake) is a lake located within the Municipality of Temagami in the Nipissing District Ontario Canada. It contains numerous portages campsites and is one of three lakes on the eastern edge of the White Bear Forest.In the 1920s a log dam was constructed at the narrows connecting Cassels Lake and Rabbit Lake to float logs from the surrounding area out to the Ottawa River.
 The Mapocho River (Spanish: Río Mapocho) (Mapudungun: Mapu chuco water that penetrates the land) flows from the Andes mountains onto the west and divides Chile's capital Santiago in two.
 The Moașa River or Moașa Avrigului River is a tributary of the Avrig River in Romania.
 The Potosí mountain range is situated in Bolivia east and south east of the city Potosí. It is at least 25 km long stretching from north to south. Its highest mountain is Khunurana (Anaruyu) rising up to 5071 m (16637 ft). The features of the range are considered to be the product of volcanic activity known as the Khari Khari caldera (19º43'S; 65º38'W).
 The Morto River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Haddebyer Noor (Danish: Haddeby Nor) is a lake – formerly a small arm of the Schlei inlet of the Baltic Sea – in Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 0 m its surface area is 1 km².
 The Dugway Range is a 13-mile (21 km) long mountain range located in central-south Tooele County Utah on the Juab County north border.The Dugway Range extends northwesterly into the south of the Great Salt Lake Desert the region at the west and southwest of the Great Salt Lake about three times its area a region of a flat white salt flat flat alluvial plains and some alluvial mountain range pediments.
 The Morkoka (Russian: Моркока) is a river in Sakha Republic Russia. It is a right tributary of the Markha River.
 Amatique Bay is a large bay in the Gulf of Honduras along the eastern coast of Guatemala and Belize. It stretches from Santo Tomás de Castilla in the south to Punta Gorda in the north. Its south-eastern limits are marked by a small peninsula known as Punta de Manabique where a $27 million gas terminal is planned (http://www.elperiodico.com.gt/es/20110519/economia/195588)Most of the bay is part of Guatemala while the northwestern portion is part of Belize.
 The Moeangiangi River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows east from hill couintry to the east of Lake Tutira to reach Hawke Bay 25 kilometres north of Napier
 Jatun Mayu (Quechua hatun jatun big great mayu river great river) is a Bolivian river in the Cochabamba Department Tiraque Province Tiraque Municipality and south of it in the Arani Province Vacas Municipality. It is one of the most important tributaries of Parqu Qucha a lake north west of Vacas. It originates north east of Punata. It changes its directions from north west to north then near Palca it apruptly turns to the south east.
 Mount Ethelwulf (70°2′S 69°34′W) is a mainly ice-covered mountain 2590 metres (8500 ft) high standing between Mount Egbert and Mount Ethelred at the head of Tumble Glacier in the Douglas Range of northeast Alexander Island Antarctica. The mountain was probably first observed by Lincoln Ellsworth who photographed the east side of the Douglas Range from the air on November 23 1935; its east face was roughly surveyed in 1936 by the British Graham Land Expedition under John Rymill.
 The Marița River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Vermilion Pass (el. 1680 m or 5510 ft) is a high mountain pass in the Canadian Rockies traversing the continental divide. It connects Kootenay National Park in the province of British Columbia with Banff National Park in Alberta.
 Asphe is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Mount Hector is the highest peak in the southern Tararua Range situated in the lower North Island of New Zealand. It has a height of 1529 metres (5016 ft).The peak is named after James Hector a leading scientist in New Zealand during the 19th century.Mt Hector is the site of a memorial cross commemorating trampers killed in the Second World War.
 Dolgener See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 97.8 m its surface area is 0.69 km². Founded by Heinrich Dolgener in 1876 as a fishing reserve. Famous for being fished by Paul Von Hindenburg in his later life. owned by Manfred Dolgener as of July 16 2013
 The Valea Ursului River is a headwater of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 Lake Altamaha is on the south side of Lake Wales Florida just east of Highway US 27. To the east is Miami Street and citrus groves. To the south is a motel and to the north is another motel and an abandoned restaurant. Across US 27 is Lake Wales Cemetery.There is no public swimming beach or boat ramp on this lake's shore. However the public can gain access both along Miami Street and US 27. The Hook and Bullet website says Lake Altamaha contains blue catfish bullhead and gar.
 Piauí River (Alagoas) is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil.
 See also Queich Burn a river in Scotland that flows through Milnathort in Kinross-shire.The Queich is a tributary of the Rhine which rises in the southern part of the Palatinate Forest and flows through the Upper Rhine valley to its confluence with the Rhine in Germersheim. It is 52 km long and is one of the four major drainage systems of the Palatinate Forest along with the Speyerbach Lauter and Schwarzbach.
 Doe Lake is a lake in Parry Sound District Ontario Canada. The lake is composed of three sections and as such known locally for their size as Big Doe Lake Middle Doe Lake and Little Doe Lake. Doe Lake is the largest lake in the Almaguin Highlands area of the Magnetawan River system.The communities of Katrine and Doe Lake can be found on the Lake. The community of Katrine has a small marina and is found on the Little Doe section of the lake.
 The Cross River (Little Fork River) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Podu River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Vetle Skagastølstinden (or Vesle Skagastølstind) is one of the peaks constituting Skagastølstindane (Skagastøl peaks) in the Hurrungane mountain range and is among Norway's highest. The 2340-metre (7680 ft) tall mountain is located in the eastern part of the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It lies directly between the mountains Midtre Skagastølstind Store Skagastølstind and Sentraltind.
 Apusiaajik Glacier is a tidewater glacier on the uninhabited Apusiaajik Island in the Sermersooq municipality on the southeastern shore of Greenland.
 The Casiquiare river is a distributary of the upper Orinoco flowing southward into the Rio Negro in Venezuela South America. As such it forms a unique natural canal between the Orinoco and Amazon river systems. It is the largest river on the planet that links two major river systems a so-called bifurcation. The area forms a water divide more dramatically at regional flood stage.
 Featherstall Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch.
 Goldbach (Münzbach) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Sulzbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Crooked River is a 26.8-mile-long (43.1 km) river in Camden County in the U.S. state of Georgia. Primarily tidal it is an inlet of Cumberland Sound.It rises in freshwater wetlands northwest of Kingsland and flows east into saltmarsh. Grover Island lies to the north of the main channel and Crooked River State Park and Kings Bay Naval Submarine Base are to the south. The Crooked River ends at its junction with the Cumberland River at the north end of Cumberland Sound.
 Duck Creek is a minor tributary of the Mississippi River in the United States. The creek runs through Scott County Iowa and the cities of Davenport and Bettendorf.
 Hecataeus is a large lunar crater that lies near the eastern limb of the Moon. It is attached to the northern rim of the walled plain Humboldt. To the northeast is the smaller crater Gibbs. East of Hecataeus is a chain of tiny craterlets forming a line radial to Humboldt; these are designated the Catena Humboldt named after the walled plain.Hecataeus is a worn and eroded walled plain with wide inner walls. Its northern part overlies half of Hecataeus K a fairly substantial crater.
 Yale Glacier is a 20-mile-long (32 km) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins between Mount Cardozo and Mount Einstein and trends southwest to Yale Arm of College Fjord 47 miles (76 km) west of Valdez. It was named for Yale University by members of the 1899 Harriman Alaska Expedition.
 Pelican Lake is a 3585-acre (14.51 km2) lake located in Oneida County in Wisconsin. It has a maximum depth of 39 ft (12 m). Visitors have access to the lake from five public boat landings. A dam is located on the lake's primary outlet which feeds into the Pelican River. Pelican Lake serves as one of 21 reservoirs used to regulate and maintain optimal water flow on the Wisconsin and Tomahawk rivers the process of which is facilitated in part by the Wisconsin Valley Improvement Company.
 Südliche Regnitz (Czech: Újezdský potok) is a river of Bavaria Germany. It forms the border of Germany with the Czech Republic in the extreme northeast of Bavaria and then runs into Bavaria to join the Saale river in the city of Hof. The westernmost point of the Czech Republic is on the Újezdský potok. http://vary.idnes.cz/foto.aspx?foto1=TOM275300_trojmezi10.jpg http://cestovani.idnes.cz/foto.aspx?r=domaci&c=A081124_142922_igcechy_tom&foto=TOM275302_trojmezi12.jpg
 Snow Lake Peak the fifth highest named peak of the Ruby Mountains and the seventh highest in Elko County is located in the northeast portion of the state of Nevada in the western United States. It rises from the head of Box Canyon (above Snow Lake) is part of the headwall of Thomas Canyon (with Mount Fitzgerald) and is a prominent part of the west wall of Lamoille Canyon above Lamoille and Dollar Lakes.
 The Vaal River (pronounced /ˈfɑːl/ and alternatively /ˈvɑːl/ especially by English speakers) is the largest tributary of the Orange River in South Africa. The river has its source near Breyten in Mpumalanga province east of Johannesburg and about 30 km north of Ermelo and only about 240 km from the Indian Ocean. It then flows westwards to its conjunction with the Orange River southwest of Kimberley in the Northern Cape.
 Ndrakaniwai River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Mount Beshtor (Russian: гора Бештор also Беш-Тёр) rises to 4299 m in Pskem Range in the north-eastern tip of Uzbekistan's Tashkent Province. Located on the southern border with Kyrgyzstan a short distance to the south-west from another towering peak in Pskem Range Mount Adelung (Adelunga Toghi 4301 m). Beshtor is the second highest peak in both Tashkent Province and the Pskem Range.
 Swift Run Gap is a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains located in the U.S. state of Virginia.
 Bin Down is a hill 203 metres (666 ft) high near Liskeard in the county of Cornwall England. Its prominence of 101 metres qualifies it as a HuMP.Bin Down is located near the south Cornish coast about 6 kilometres NNE of Looe. Its summit lies within the grounds of Looe Golf Course near the 7th tee. There is a trig point near the summit.
 The Pirapemas River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Axe Edge Moor is the major moorland southwest of Buxton in the Peak District. It is mainly gritstone (Namurian shale and sandstone). Its highest point (551 metres (1808 ft)) is at grid reference SK035706. This is slightly lower than Shining Tor (which is some 5 kilometres (3 mi) to the northwest across the modest dip of the incipient Goyt Valley).The moor is the source of the River Dove River Manifold River Dane River Wye and River Goyt.
 Seidel is a worn lunar impact crater that lies to the east-northeast of the much larger crater Jules Verne. Farther to the east of Seidel is the western edge of Mare Ingenii and to the northeast lies the crater O'Day.This is an eroded crater with a small crater overlying the south-southeastern outer rim. The southern rim is overlain by material deposits most likely ejecta from another impact.
 The West Pennine Moors cover an area of approximately 90 square miles (230 km2) of moorland and reservoirs in Lancashire and Greater Manchester England.The West Pennine Moors are separated from the main Pennine range by the Irwell Valley. The moorland includes Withnell Anglezarke and Rivington Moors in the extreme west Darwen and Turton Moors Oswaldtwistle Moors and Holcombe Moors. These moors are lower in height than the main spine of the South Pennines.
 McElroy Creek is a tributary of Middle Island Creek 22.1 miles (35.6 km) long in northern West Virginia in the United States.
 Hagelseeli or Hagelseewli is a lake in the Canton of Berne Switzerland. Its surface area is 2.49 ha. Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Peters Glacier also known as Hanna Glacier and Hudeetsedle Toyaane' is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier runs from the Peters Basin icefield in a deep valley to the north of Mount McKinley's Wickersham Wall between McKinley and Peters Dome falling from the icefield via the Tluna Icefall where it is joined by Jeffery Glacier. It exits the Alaska Range to the north forming the source of the Muddy River. Peters Glacier was named by A.H.
 Tyśmienica is a river of eastern central Poland a tributary of the Wieprz.
 Mount Okutoppu (奥徳富岳 Okutoppu-dake) is a mountain of the Shokanbetsudake Mountains. It is located on the border between Shintotsukawa and Ishikari Hokkaidō Japan. The mountain is also known as Mount Oshirarika (尾白利加山 Oshirarika-san).
 Herbringhauser Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Timișana River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Colma di Mombarone (or simply Mombarone) is a mountain of the Alpi Biellesi a sub-range of Pennine Alps. It visually marks along with Monte Gregorio on the opposite side the entrance of Aosta Valley from the Po plain. On its top in 1900 was built a huge statue still located there of Jesus Christ.
 The Anderson River (Inuvialuktun: Kuuk river) is in the Northwest Territories in northern Canada. It originates in lakes northweast of Great Bear Lake; its headwaters are possibly on the north side of Colville Lake in the vicinity of the hamlet of Colville Lake. It flows north and west in the area between the Mackenzie and Coppermine Rivers. Its mouth is on the Beaufort Sea on the Arctic Ocean near the eastern end of Liverpool Bay at about 70 degrees north latitude.
 Loon Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island that is north of Mount Arrowsmith and east of Port Alberni.
 The Little Missouri River is a tributary of the Missouri River 560 mi (901 km) long in the northern Great Plains of the United States. Rising in northeastern Wyoming in western Crook County about 15 miles (24 km) west of Devil's Tower it flows northeastward across a corner of southeastern Montana and into South Dakota.
 The Obârșia River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 The Ajayan River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Carwitzer See is a lake at Carwitz in the municipality Feldberger Seenlandschaft in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 83.8 m its surface area is 7.22 km² incl. the lake Zansen.
 The Petroșnița River is a left tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Mount Smolikas (Greek: Σμόλικας) is a mountain in the Ioannina regional unit northwestern Greece. At a height of 2637 metres above sea level it is the highest of the Pindus Mountains and the second highest mountain in Greece after Mount Olympus. The mountain consists of ophiolite rocks. During several periods in the Pleistocene the northern and eastern cirques and valleys were glaciated. The last glaciers of this area retreated around 11500 years ago.
 Hár is a crater on Jupiter's moon Callisto. Its name is one of the many names of Odin the supreme god in Norse mythology. This is an example of a central dome impact crater.
 Mount Filberg is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 23 km (14 mi) east of Gold River and 10 km (6 mi) northeast of Rambler Peak. It is a member of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Cerro Avispa is a tepui in Amazonas state Venezuela. Part of the Neblina–Aracamuni Massif it lies south of Cerro Aracamuni (with which it shares a common slope area) and north of Cerro de la Neblina. Cerro Avispa and Cerro Aracamuni have a combined summit area of 238 km2 (92 sq mi) and an estimated combined slope area of 658 km2 (254 sq mi). Both of these cerro-plateaus have a maximum elevation of around 1600 metres (5200 ft).
 Round Mountain is an eroded volcanic outcrop in the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt in British Columbia Canada located 8 km southwest of Eanastick Meadows 9 km (6 mi) east of Brackendale and 10 km (6 mi) south of Mount Garibaldi. It is the highpoint of Paul Ridge and is located in the southwest corner of Garibaldi Provincial Park. Round Mountain formed as a result of subduction of the Juan de Fuca Plate beneath the North American Plate known as the Cascadia subduction zone.
 The Hinter Tierberg is a 3447 metres high mountain in the Urner Alps located on the border between the cantons of Bern and Uri.
 Quache River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Breiliflaka is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Lake Noquebay is a large freshwater lake in northeastern Wisconsin.
 Wyld is a lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side beyond the eastern limb. It lies in that portion of the lunar surface that is sometimes brought into view of the Earth under conditions of favorable libration and illumination but even then the crater is seen from the edge and not much detail can be observed. Wyld lies to the northeast of the larger Hirayama and to the west of Saha.
 The Oquirrh Mountains /ˈoʊkər/ is a mountain range that runs north-south for approximately 30 miles (50 km) to form the west side of Utah's Salt Lake Valley separating it from Tooele Valley. The range runs from northwest Utah County–central east Tooele County and ends north at the south shore of the Great Salt Lake. The highest elevation is Flat Top Mountain (Utah) at 10620 ft (3237 m).
 Kampar Kiri River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Kampar River.
 Pen-y-Pass is a mountain pass in Snowdonia Gwynedd north-west Wales. It is a popular location from which to walk up Snowdon as three of the popular routes (the Miners Track the Pyg Track and the ascent via Crib Goch) can be started here. Glyder Fawr is also accessible from here.Situated at the high point of the Llanberis Pass at an altitude of 360 metres (1180 ft) the road here was built in the 1830s to allow ore from the mines on Snowdon to be transported to Llanberis.
 Jabal Qurayyah is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Valea Mare River is a headwater of the Valea Nimăieştilor in Romania. The upper course of the river upstream of the junction with the Valea Frapţinilor is known as the Valea Zăpozilor River
 The Brown Grey River is a river of New Zealand. It is an upper tributary of the Grey River flowing from the slopes of Mount Kemp close to the township of Springs Junction and flowing southeast for 10 kilometres before reaching the upper Grey River.
 Canns Lake is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Astoria River is a short river in Jasper National Park Alberta Canada. It is an early tributary of the Athabasca River.The Astoria forms in the Tonquin Valley collecting meltwater from the Fraser Glacier the Ramparts Mount Erebus Mount Clithero and Oldhorn Mountain.The Astoria River as well as nearby Astoria Pass are named after John Jacob Astor.
 The Todos os Santos River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Krasnoyarsk Reservoir known also as the Krasnoyarsk Sea is an artificial lake which was created by the construction of the Krasnoyarsk Dam. It is one of the largest artificial reservoirs in the world. In Russia it now ranks second (after the Bratsk Reservoir).The top point of the reservoir is located near the town of Abakan at the confluence of the Yenisei river Abakan. Lower spot - Krasnoyarsk hydroelectric power station dam.
 Idel'son is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies just behind the southern lunar limb in a region that is sometimes brought into view of the Earth due to libration. Idel'son is situated to the southwest of the huge walled plain Schrödinger.The northern rim of Idel'son is overlain by the larger crater Ganswindt reversing the usual order of smaller craters on top of larger impacts usually seen on the Moon.
 The Russell Glacier is a medium-sized glacier on the north flank of Mount Rainier Washington. Named for the geologist Israel Russell it covers 1.3 square miles (3.4 km2) and contains 3.1 billion ft3 (88 million m3) of ice. Starting from its highest point at 9400 feet (2900 m) the Russell Glacier flows northeast towards the Carbon Glacier and contributes ice to the larger glacier before becoming distinct below 7000 feet (2100 m).
 Peck NW2 is a 2759 metres (9052 ft) peak in British Columbia Canada with a prominence of 186 metres (610 ft). Its line parent is Mount Peck 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) away.It is part of the Tower of London Range of the Muskwa Ranges in the Canadian Rockies.
 The Little Mashel River is a river in Pierce County Washington. It is a tributary of the Mashel River and enters the Mashel just 380 feet (116 m) downstream from the Eatonville Washington city limits. It is noted for its canyon and the three waterfalls.
 The Dude River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Mount Adishi (Georgian: მწვერვალი ადიში) also known as Hadishi is a peak in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range. The elevation of the mountain is 4290 m (14070 ft) above sea level. The mountain is made up of paleozoic granites. The slopes of Adishi are covered by glaciers.
 Salado River is a river of Chile located in El Loa Province Antofagasta Region which is in the northern part of the country. It is formed at the confluence of over 30 spring branches emerging from El Tatio area. Flowing briefly south it turns west and passes through a canyon carved in volcanic rocks.In its middle course the river receives the Toconce River (originated at the foot of Linzor volcano) from the north and the Caspana River from the south.
 Numbu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Hill of Allen (Cnoc Alúine in Modern Irish earlier Cnoc Almaine; also Hill of Almu ) is a volcanic hill situated in the west of County Kildare Ireland beside the village of Allen. According to Irish Mythology it was the seat of the hunter-warrior Fionn mac Cumhaill and the Fianna. The site is currently part-owned by Roadstone Dublin Ltd. and extensive quarrying has noticeably changed the profile of the hill.
 Nakura River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Petropavlovsky is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It is attached to the southern rim of the slightly larger crater Razumov intruding slightly into the interior. Just to the west is the crater Frost along the southern rim of the walled plain Landau.This is a moderately eroded feature with a worn outer rim that is marked by several lesser impacts. A merged pair of small craters cuts across the northwestern rim and inner wall and another craterlet lies along the southeast rim.
 Húsareyn is a mountain located on the island of Streymoy the largest of the Faroe Islands Denmark. Standing at 345 metres (1132 ft) above sea level it is dwarfed by other Faroese mountains such as Slættaratindur.The mountain overlooks the Faroese capital Tórshavn from the northwest and is clearly visible around the town. It is a popular hiking destination for tourists because of its easy accessibility from the capital.
 The Sirețel River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Bran River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 Walker is a lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the northwest of the huge walled plain Apollo. Walker lies equidistant between the craters Plummer to the east and Rumford to the west-southwest.This crater is roughly circular with an outer rim that has been slightly worn due to minor impacts. The northwestern rim in particular has merged with a smaller crater and another impact lies on the interior floor along the west-northwestern inner wall.
 Lågvasstinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Cranks Creek Lake is a 219-acre (0.89 km2) reservoir in Harlan County Kentucky. It was created in 1963.
 The Aurá River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Travers Reservoir is a reservoir on the Little Bow River in Alberta build in 1954.During the flooding in southern Alberta in June of 2013 the dam was opened by Alberta Environment. Downstream waterflow increased from a normal 3 m3/s to 60 m3/s.
 The Humberg is a mountain in the south of Kaiserslautern Germany that stands on the border of the Palatinate forest. With a height of 425 meters it is the highest point in the area of Kaiserslautern. At its peak the Humberg Tower (German: Humbergturm) provides a dramatic view of the area below.
 Fair Glacier is an alpine glacier located just west of Apache Peak in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado. The glacier is immediately west of the Continental Divide on the opposite side of the divide from Isabelle Glacier.[1]
 The Seven Troughs Range is a mountain range in western Pershing County Nevada.The name is derived from a series of seven stock watering troughs placed below a set springs.Neighboring features include:the Kama and Antelope ranges to the north the Majuba Mountains to the northeast Sage Valley and Trinity Range to the southeast with Lovelock beyond;Granite Springs Valley to the south the Sahwave Mountains and small Blue Wing Mountains to the southwest; Kumiva Valley and the Selenite Range to the west and Black Rock Desert to the northwest.↑ 1.0 1.1 ↑ ↑ ↑
 The Dâlma cu Mesteacăn River is a tributary of the Râul Alb in Romania.
 The Veredin River is a tributary of the Mehadica River in Romania.
 The Șibot River is the right branch of the Cugir River which bifurcates immediately downstream of the Şibot railway bridge in Romania. The branch crosses the village of Şibot before flowing into the Mureş River.
 The Lever River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Le Crêt de la Neige is the highest peak in the Jura Mountains and the department of Ain in France. Its elevation is 1720 m above sea level (reported as 1718 m before 2003). Its prominence is 1260 m. It is located in the town of Thoiry.
 The Wisconsin River is a tributary of the Mississippi River in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. At approximately 430 miles (692 km) long it is the state's longest river. The river's name first recorded in 1673 by Jacques Marquette as Meskousing is rooted in the Algonquian languages used by the area's American Indian tribes but its original meaning is obscure.
 West Crater is a small andesitic lava dome with associated lava flows in southern Washington USA.West Crater is a little-known Quaternary volcanic field in the southern Cascades of Washington between Mount St. Helens and Mount Hood. West Crater itself seen here from the NE is an andesitic dome with two small lava flows one of which forms the bare area at the right center. The 290-m-high dome was formed about 8060 years ago on the floor of a cirque carved into older Tertiary volcanic rocks.
 Saline Creek is a creek that rises in western Perry County Missouri and flows into Ste. Genevieve County emptying into an offshoot of the Mississippi River across from Kaskaskia Island.
 The Râul Turcului is a tributary of the Găldița River in Romania.
 The Weissfluhjoch (2693 m (8835 ft)) is a summit southeast of the Weissfluh (2843 m (9327 ft)) situated in the Plessur Range in Graubünden. Since 1932 a funicular railway (the Parsennbahn) leads to its summit from Davos.On the Weissflujoch are located several laboratories of the Institute for Snow and Avalanche Research.
 Ganskiy is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southeast of the walled plain Hirayama.The rim of this crater is roughly circular with a slight hexagonal appearance. There is some wear along the rim particularly along the southwest where a pair of small craterlets lie next to the edge. The inner sides are unremarkable and the interior floor is relatively level with a slight rise to the south of the midpoint.
 Kaskasatjåkka is a mountain in Sweden with an elevation of 2076 metres AMSL. Its peak is located about three kilometers north of the mountain huts and research station in the Tarfala Valley.
 The Ciorani River is a tributary of the Odorojniţa River in Romania.
 Ångardsvatnet is a lake in Storlidalen a part of Lønset parishes in Oppdal (Norway).
 Lake Paatari is a lake in the Lapland region Finland. It drains through the Juutuanjoki river into Lake Inari. Its main inflows are the rivers Lemmenjoki and Vaskojoki.
 Rondvatnet is a narrow lake in Rondane National Park. By the southern end is the Norwegian Mountain Touring Association's cabin Rondvassbu. Rondvatnet separates the eastern part of Rondane from the western part Smiubelgen.In the summer season there is a boat service on the lake transporting hikers between the southern and northern end.
 The Squaw Ridge lava field also known as the East lava field is a young basaltic field located in the U.S. state of Oregon southeast of Newberry Volcano.
 Steineberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Okalica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Łeba which it meets at the town of Lębork.
 Eschenhäuser Beeke is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Thompson River is the largest tributary of the Fraser River flowing through the south-central portion of British Columbia Canada. The Thompson River has two main branches called the South Thompson River and the North Thompson River. The Thompson was named by Fraser River explorer Simon Fraser in honour of his friend Columbia Basin explorer David Thompson.
 The Diège (Occitan: Dieja) is a 54.4 km (33.8 mi) long river in the Corrèze département south central France. Its source is at Saint-Setiers on the plateau de Millevaches in the parc naturel régional de Millevaches en Limousin. It flows generally southeast. It is a right tributary of the Dordogne into which it flows between Roche-le-Peyroux and Saint-Julien-près-Bort 68 km (42 mi) southwest of Clermont-Ferrand.Its main tributary is the Liège.
 Castle Peak at 11815 feet (3601 m) high is the highest peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. Castle Peak is the 25th highest peak in Idaho and the 9th most prominent peak in the state.Castle Peak is located within the Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The towns of Stanley Idaho and Challis Idaho are both about 21 miles (34 km) from Castle Peak Ketchum Idaho is about 27 miles (43 km) from the peak.
 Haldane is a lunar crater that is located in Mare Smythii near the eastern limb of the Moon. The visibility of this formation is affected by libration and even under favorable conditions it is highly foreshortened. It lies just to the west-northwest of the crater Runge and to the east of Carrillo.The interior of this floor has been flooded by lava leaving only a low rim projecting up through the lunar mare. This rim is broken along the northwest face leaving a gap into the interior.
 The Gruița River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
 The Rotokakahi River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. Its winding course is predominantly southwestward from its origins in the Maungataniwha Range. It reaches the Tasman Sea 25 kilometres south of Kaitaia and its estuary forms one of the two arms of Whangape Harbour (the other being the estuary of the Awaroa River).
 Mount Murchison is a mountain in the Southern Alps in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It is the highest point of the Shaler Range which runs approximately north-south to the east of the Wilberforce River.A col to the east of the peak separates two glaciers the Kahutea Glacier to the south and the White Glacier to the Northeast.
 The Devil Track River is an 8.7-mile-long (14.0 km) river in northeastern Minnesota the United States. It begins at the outlet of Devil Track Lake and flows southeast to Lake Superior east of Croftville.
 Espalha River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 The Topila River is a tributary of the Timișana River in Romania.
 Khao Kho (Thai: เขาค้อ) is a 1143 m high mountain in Phetchabun Province Thailand. It is located in Khao Kho District giving its name to the district. This mountain is part of the western range of the Phetchabun Mountains. Khao Kho was named either after the Ceylon oak or after Livistona speciosa a kind of palm tree. Both species are known as kho (Thai: ค้อ) in Thai and are abundant in the area.
 The Vincent Pyramid (German: Vincentpiramid French: Pyramide Vincent) (4215 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between the Italian regions of Aosta Valley and Piedmont. The Vincent Pyramid is one of the secondary peaks of Monte Rosa.
 Linggi River or Sungai Linggi started from foothills of Titiwangsa Range. It started from area known as Pantai at foothills in Kg Jerlang. Linggi River also known as Batang Penar river started from Ampangan to Kg Jerlang at Pantai.River Linggi flow through from Pantai to Ampangan Seremban Rasah Mambau Rantau Linggi and ending at Kuala Linggi Melaka.Before 1840th River Linggi was a main route to the people along River Linggi Valley.
 Étang de Peyregrand is a lake in Ariège France.
 Culter Fell is a hill in the Southern Uplands of Scotland. Previously the county top of the historic county of Lanarkshire it is now the highest point in South Lanarkshire. It is the culmination of a network of ridges that lie south of the village of Coulter close to the town of Biggar. It is probably most easily climbed from the north west. The best starting point is the mouth of Kings Beck at NT 031305.
 Tycho Brahe is a crater on Mars named after the Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe. It is located in the Cerberus hemisphere of Mars around 49.8° south and 213.9° west in an area which is southeast of the Martz crater and east of the Hellas Basin.
 The Barren Fork (sometimes referred to as the Barren Fork River) is a 23.4-mile-long (37.7 km) tributary of the Collins River in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Via the Collins River the Caney Fork and the Cumberland and Ohio rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.The Barren Fork rises in western Warren County Tennessee. It is formed from the confluence of its north and south prongs which join near the tiny community of Trousdale.
 The Chilia River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Monte Molaro is a mountain between the towns of Campania and Olevano Romano in Picentini Regional Park and is part of the Picentini mountains.
 Tornado Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It is Alberta's 48th most prominent mountain. It was named in 1915 by Morrison P. Bridgland.
 The Sierra de los Cuchumatanes is the highest non-volcanic mountain range in Central America. Its elevations range from 500 m (1600 ft) to over 3800 m (12500 ft) and it covers a total area of ±16350 km². With an area of 1500 km2 (580 sq mi) situated above 3000 m (9800 ft) it is also the most extensive highland region in Central America. The Sierra de los Cuchumatanes is located in western Guatemala in the departments of Huehuetenango and El Quiché.
 The Loch of Stair was a typical Ayrshire post-glacial 'Kettle Hole' situated in a low lying area below the farm of Loch Hill in the Parish of Stair East Ayrshire Scotland. This freshwater loch was drained in the 19th century leaving a wetland area which still periodically floods.
 Rumdoodle Peak elevation 875 m ASL is a small but prominent mountain in the north-western part of the North Masson Range in Antarctica near Mawson Station.It was named around 1960 after the previously fictitious peak featured in the book The Ascent of Rum Doodle. There is a small hut at the base (altitude 498m ASL) sleeping 5 people and two permanently frozen lakes alongside named Rumdoodle Lake and Lassitude Lake.
 Nooksack Tower (8285 feet (2525 m)) is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. Nooksack Tower is part of the Mount Shuksan Massif and is .75 mi (1.21 km) northeast of the main summit of Shuksan. Nooksack Tower looms to the west over Nooksack Cirque. The East Nooksack Glacier lies to the southeast West Nooksack Glacier to the east and Price Glacier is on the north flanks of the tower.
 Billinge Hill also known as Billinge Lump is the highest point in the Metropolitan Borough of St Helens in North West England. It is also the highest point of Merseyside. It lies in Billinge within the historic county boundaries of Lancashire. It is one of the 176 hills graded as a Marilyn in England.A beacon tower is at the summit. Built as a summerhouse to Winstanley Hall in the 18th century it was used for the Year 2000 celebrations.
 The Lèze (French: la Lèze) is a 70.3 km- (43.7 mi) long river in the Ariège and Haute-Garonne départements southwestern France. Its source is in La Bastide-de-Sérou. It flows generally north. It is a left tributary of the Ariège into which it flows between Labarthe-sur-Lèze and Clermont-le-Fort.
 Roberts is a lunar impact crater that is located in the far northern latitudes on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the east-southeast of the crater Karpinskiy and to the northwest of Sommerfeld. To the north is Thiessen.This is a heavily worn and eroded crater with a rounded outer rim that is incised and damaged by multiple smaller craters. Little of the original rim still remains besides a rounded and irregular ridge in the surface.
 Stanford Lake is a natural mountain lake in the Eastern Sierra Nevada in California. It is near Mount Stanford on the Sierra Crest in the Inyo National Forest.
 The Lys is a small 40 km river (classified as a torrente) which flows from the Lys glacier on the Monte Rosa massif at the foot of Vincent Pyramid (4215 m) and runs through the Lys Valley flanked by a road before converging with the Dora Baltea as a right tributary at Pont-Saint-Martin.Its left-side tributaries are Avant-Cir Glassit Loo Mos Niel Pacoulla and Tourrison. From the right it receives: Rû de Nantay Stolen and Valbona.
 Black Butte is a cluster of overlapping dacite lava domes in a buttea parasitic satellite cone of Mount Shasta. It is located directly adjacent to Interstate 5 at milepost 742 between the city of Mount Shasta and Weed California. The highway crosses a 3912 ft (1192 m) pass Black Butte Summit at the western base of the lava domes.
 The Izvorul Laptelui River is a tributary of the Anieșul Mare River in Romania.
 Balerdi (1195 m) also called Mallozarra is a mountain of the Aralar massif closing the mountain range at its northern end as well as standing last in the imposing ridge-line called the Malloak (a term used by locals to refer to them translating roughly as 'jagged ridge') looming over the valley Araitz. It lies on the border between Gipuzkoa and Navarre as most of Aralar forms the border between both Spanish provinces.
 The Devil's Point (Scottish Gaelic: Bod an Deamhain) is a mountain in the Cairngorms of Scotland lying to the west of the Lairig Ghru pass. The name is derived from Gaelic meaning Penis of the Demon. The English name is a result of a visit to the area by Queen Victoria.
 Manampatrana is a river in the region of Atsimo-Atsinanana in south-eastern Madagascar. It flows into the Indian Ocean near Farafangana.
 The Gherend River is a tributary of the Cormoș River in Romania.
 Damson Brook is a small river in Wiltshire United Kingdom. It rises in the civil parish of Bulford just north of Bulford Camp. After two miles it joins Nine Mile River in the civil parish of Milston which in turn flows into the River Avon.According to local legend Guinevere had her baby son baptised in this brook.[citation needed]
 Black Kaweah is a mountain of the Kaweah Peaks Ridge of the California's Sierra Nevada in Sequoia National Park. The peak has a local magnetic disturbance that has caused compasses in the vicinity to vary by up to eight degrees.Fulgurites can be found on the peak.
 The Russell Fork is a 51.9-mile-long (83.5 km) tributary of the Levisa Fork in southwestern Virginia and southeastern Kentucky in the United States.
 The Stănicu River is a small tributary of the Berzasca River in Romania.
 Hastings Lake is a lake in Alberta. It is located in Strathcona County east of Cooking Lake.
 Khan Tengri or Hantengri Peak (Uyghur: خانتەڭرى‎ Chinese: 汗腾格里峰; pinyin: Hànténggélǐ Fēng) is a mountain of the Tian Shan mountain range. It is located on the China—Kyrgyzstan—Kazakhstan border east of lake Issyk Kul. Its geologic elevation is 6995 m (22949 ft) but its glacial cap rises to 7010 m (22999 ft). For this reason in mountaineering circles including for the Soviet Snow Leopard award criteria it is considered a 7000-metre peak.
 Twyford Down is an area of chalk downland lying directly to the southeast of Winchester Hampshire England. It is situated near the South Downs National Park next to St. Catherine's Hill.
 Prêto do Igapó-Açu River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Qullqip'ukru (Quechua qullqi money silver p'ukru - s. gorge; ravine; gully; hollow; valley hispanicized spellings Colquepucro Collquepucro) Pachanqutu (hispanicized Pachancoto Pachancota) or Yarumaria V is a mountain in the Paryaqaqa or Waruchiri mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5658 metres (18563 ft) high. It is situated in the Junín Region Jauja Province Canchayllo District and in the Lima Region Huarochiri Province Quinti District.
 Querbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Titov Vrv (Macedonian: Титов Врв) is the highest peak in the Šar Mountain at 2748 m. It is located about 13 mi (21 km) northwest of the Macedonian city of Tetovo near the border with Kosovo. The summit was named after former Yugoslav leader Josip Broz Tito. Its original name was Golem Turčin (Big Turk). In 1934 the peak was renamed Mount Alexander after the name of the Yugoslav King Alexander who was killed in the same year.
 The Pskem Mountain Range (Russian: Пскемский хребет Pskemskiy Khrebet) Pishkom Mountains a range in the west Tien Shan is a natural border between Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan. It extends over 160 km from north-east to south-west in the extreme north-eastern finger of Uzbekistan's Tashkent Province. The range is a water divide between Pskem River to the north and the Sandalysh River Chatkal River and Koksu River to the south.
 Terror Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on south slope of Mount Degenhardt. Mount Terror is .25 mi (0.40 km) to the northwest. The precipitous McMillan Spire is to the immediate northeast.
 The Redlake is a minor river in southwest Shropshire England.Its headwaters are to the south of Newcastle on the other side of Spoad Hill (alternatively Springhill).It flows through Treverward Purlogue New Invention Chapel Lawn Bucknell and Coxall before discharging into the River Clun at Jay. The very last part of the river through Adley Moor is in Herefordshire.Historically it was known as the Bradfeld or Bardfield.
 Little Merrill Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County in Ontario Canada.The lake is about 1.6 kilometres (1.0 mi) long and 0.6 kilometres (0.4 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 337 metres (1106 ft) about 12 kilometres (7 mi) northeast of the community of Gunter and 18 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of the community of Cloyne.
 Bobs Lake is a lake in Frontenac County and Lanark County in Eastern Ontario Canada. It is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin and is the source of the Tay River.
 The Movile River or Râul Morii River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 Evelyn Hallman Pond at Evelyn Hallman Park (formerly Canal Park) is a small man-made lake located west of Scottsdale Road and south of McKellips Road in the northern part of Tempe Arizona. Lying on the east side of the Cross Cut Canal (from where it gets its water) it must be reached from the east.Park and lake were renamed in 2006 for Evelyn Hallman mother of mayor Hugh Hallman.
 The Cârlig River is a tributary of the Șorogari River in Romania.
 The Itararé River is a river on the boundary between the Paraná and São Paulo states in southeastern Brazil.
 The Corod River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania
 The Sepotuba River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Iazul Lipovanului River is a tributary of the Morișca River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Maricăi is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 Balsfjorden (Northern Sami: Báhccavuotna) is a fjord in the municipalities of Balsfjord and Tromsø in Troms county Norway. The 57-kilometre (35 mi) long fjord branches off the Tromsøysundet strait just south of the city of Tromsø and it flows in a north-south direction ranging from 2 to 7 kilometres (1.2 to 4.3 mi) wide. The European route E8 highway follows most of the eastern shore of the fjord and the European route E6 highway runs along the southern end of the fjord.
 The Sand Range is a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada.
 The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Valea Fiașului River in Romania.
 Black Mountain is a landmark mountain south of the Las Vegas Valley. It is one of the more prominent of the mountains in the McCullough RangeAnother mountain adjacent to Interstate 515 in Henderson is commonly called Black Mountain including by the city of Henderson. It is actually an unnamed peak.
 Aurora Reservoir is a 31650 acre foot (39040000 m3) reservoir located in the far southeastern reach of Aurora Colorado. Senac Creek and other minor streams flow into the reservoir's three coves Senac Marina and Lone Tree each pointing to the south. The reservoir provides drinking water to the City of Aurora and is also a recreation area.
 The Sheepscot River is a 66-mile-long (106 km) river in the U.S. state of Maine. Its lower portion is a complex island estuary with connections to the Kennebec River downstream of Merrymeeting Bay.
 Bodträskån (Bodträsk River or Creek) is a small river that flows into Lule River in Norrbotten Sweden.
 Morávka Dam (Czech: Vodní nádrž Morávka) is a water reservoir and dam near Morávka Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. The dam is built on the Morávka River and has a surface of 0.795 km². It was constructed in 1961-1966.The dam is a popular spot for sport fishing and other recreational activities. The dam is also used to supply drinking water to nearby towns and to subdue floods on Morávka and Ostravice rivers.
 Jervefonni is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Mount Clarence King located in the Kings Canyon National Park is named for Clarence King who worked on the Whitney Survey the first geological survey of California. King later became the first chief of the United States Geological Survey.The Peak is located along King Spur a sub-range of the California's Sierra Nevada. It is north of Mount Cotter northeast of Gardiner Basin and west of Sixty Lakes Basin and the John Muir Trail.
 Conival (Scottish Gaelic: Cona Mheall) is a Scottish mountain situated in Assynt in the Sutherland area of the Highland Council Area 30 kilometres north-northeast of the town of Ullapool.
 Sirdalsvatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Sirdal and Flekkefjord in Vest-Agder county Norway.
 Eyach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It flows for 49.8 kilometres.
 Brickyard Cove Pond is a small lake in Richmond California. It was formed from quarrying of Nicholl's Knob the surrounding hill. It is fed by underground springs. Before the early 19th Century it was a swimming pond for local boys who often went skinny dipping at the lake. However this ceased when local cattle ranchers began dumping manure in the pond.
 The Galician Massif Spanish: Macizo Galaico also known as Macizo Galaico-Leonés is a system of mountain ranges in the northwestern corner of the Iberian Peninsula. It is located in Galicia with its southeastern end reaching into the provinces of Zamora and León of Castile and León. Its highest point is 2127 m high Pena Trevinca.
 Enfield Falls Canal (Windsor Locks Canal) is a canal that was built to circumvent the shallows at Enfield Falls (or Enfield Rapids) on the Connecticut River en route either to or from Springfield Massachusetts. It is situated along the west side of the river adjacent to the towns of Suffield and Windsor Locks of Hartford County in the state of Connecticut USA.
 The Wellenkuppe is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located west of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range separating the Val d'Anniviers from the Mattertal just east of the Ober Gabelhorn.
 The Acolin is a 62 kilometres (39 mi) long river in France. It is a left tributary of the Loire which it meets near Decize. It flows through the départements Allier and Nièvre.
 Cricou River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 The Țaia River is a tributary of the Cârlibaba River in Romania.
 The Long River (Chinese: 龙江 pinyin: Lóng Jiāng literally: Dragon River) is a river system in northern Guangxi Province China. It is a part of the larger Pearl River system by way of the Liu Qian Xun and Xi Rivers. Its true source is in Sandu Shui Autonomous County Guizhou where it is known as the Dagou He (Chinese: 打狗河). It becomes the Jincheng Jiang (Chinese: 金城江) after entering Guangxi and passes through Hechi.
 Mount Ronui (also Roniu Roonui and Rooniu) is a shield volcano of 1332m (or 1321m) in Tahiti Iti which is the south-eastern part of Tahiti in French Polynesia in the south Pacific. It is one of the principal peaks on the island and the highest in Tahiti Iti.It is one of three volcanoes to which the formation of Tahiti is attributed.
 The Ewenny River (Welsh: Afon Ewenni) is a small river in south Wales with a length of ten miles or sixteen kilometres. For most of its length it forms the border between the counties of the Vale of Glamorgan and Bridgend. It is a major tributary of the River Ogmore which it joins over a mile upstream from the sea at Ogmore Castle. It is a popular river amongst anglers.
 The Ashuelot River is a tributary of the Connecticut River approximately 64 miles (103 km) long in southwestern New Hampshire in the United States. It drains a mountainous area of 425 square miles (1101 km2) including much of the area known as the Monadnock Region. It is the longest tributary of the Connecticut River within New Hampshire.
 Sawasiray (Quechua sawa matrimony siray to sew hispanicized spelling Sahuasiray) also known as Qullqi Cruz (Aymara and Quechua qullqi silver money Spanish cruz cross silver cross hispanicized Ccolque Cruz Colque Cruz) is the highest mountain in the Urupampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5818 m (19088 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Calca Province. It is situated northwest of the town Calca northeast of the Ch'iqun and southeast of the Siriwani.
 Otwiernica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Bóbr.
 Mount Triumph is a summit in the North Cascades range of Washington state. Located approximately 5.5 miles (8.9 km) west-northwest of the town of Newhalem it was named by Lage Wernstedt a surveyor with the U.S. Forest Service. A significant peak in North Cascades National Park Mount Triumph is one of its outstanding sights and is well known among regional climbers for its lack of easy climbing routes to the summit. Despite its moderate elevation its local relief is dramatic.
 Littleville Lake is located mostly in the town of Chester in Hampden County and partly in the town of Huntington in Hampshire County Massachusetts. It was created by the US Army Corps of Engineers when the Middle Branch of the Westfield River was dammed to control flooding.
 The Matakana River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south from its origins east of Wellsford passing through the township of Matakana and flowing into its estuary close to the town of Warkworth.The Matakana River hosts the annual Matakana Seagull Race a boat race where the power is provided by British Seagull outboard motors
 Mount Alexander is a mountain that is located approximately 125 km north-west of Melbourne near the small town of Harcourt. It rises 350 metres above the surrounding area to a level of 744 metres above sea level. Being a prominent local landmark the mountain has its name associated with the surrounding district once known as the Mount Alexander goldfields and presently defined as the Shire of Mount Alexander centred on Castlemaine.
 Khar Lake (Mongolian: Хар нуур lit. black lake) is located in the Zavkhan aimag (province) in western Mongolia. Khar Lake occupies a dale in the Khangai Mountains to the East from the Great Lakes Depression.
 Qawa River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Aston Junction (grid reference SP076881) is the name of the canal junction where the Digbeth Branch Canal terminates and meets the Birmingham and Fazeley Canal near to Aston Birmingham England.
 The Ostaș River is a tributary of the Hidişel River in Romania.
 The Chiquimula Volcanic Field is a located in the Chiquimula valley in southern Guatemala.
 Mount Audubon elevation 13229 ft (4032 m) is a summit in the Indian Peaks of central Colorado. The mountain is in the Indian Peaks Wilderness of Boulder County west of Ward.
 Rohrgraben (Werra) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Brazeau Creek is a stream flowing through Perry County Missouri and emptying into the Mississippi River.
 Serra de la Mussara is a mountain range of Catalonia Spain. It is a subrange of the Prades Mountains. Located north of the town of Vilaplana Its highest point La Mussara has an elevation of 1055 metres above sea level; other important peaks are Punta del Sec (979 m) Tossal Rodó (966 m) and La Puntota (858 m) and There are very steep cliffs in this range like the Cingle del Patxeco.
 Respighi is a small lunar impact crater that is located to the southeast of the crater Dubyago near the eastern limb of the Moon. To the east is the comparably sized Liouville.This is a crudely circular crater with inner walls that slope down to the relatively darker (lower albedo) interior central floor. The rim has not suffered significant erosion from subsequent impacts but there is a shallower section to the south.
 Clear Creek is a small river in Southeast Texas in the United States which channels much of the run-off in southeast Harris County into Clear Lake and Galveston Bay. Much of the length of the stream forms the boundary between Harris County and Galveston County. It originates in the Blue Ridge Oilfield in Fort Bend County.
 The Pietrosu River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 The Imo River (Igbo: Imo Mmiri) is located in southeastern Nigeria and flows 150 miles into the Atlantic Ocean. Its estuary is around 40km wide and the river has an annual discharge of 4km3 with 26000 hectares of wetland. The Imo's tributary Rivers are the Otamiri and Oramirukwa.
 The Orzea River is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 Pancho Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 479 along Rock Creek or 458 along the Queens River.Pancho Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 The Stellako River is a 11.3 km (7.0 mi) long river in the Nechako Plateau region of the Canadian province of British Columbia. It flows from François Lake to Fraser Lake which joins the Nechako River via the short Nautley River. The Nechako is a tributary of the Fraser River.
 Pröller is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Little Narraguagus River is a short stream in Maine. From the outflow of Bear Pond (44°51′09″N 68°05′44″W) in Maine Township 28 MD Hancock County the river runs 3.3 miles (5.3 km) southeast and east to its confluence with the Narraguagus River in Beddington Washington County.
 The White Chuck River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. It is a tributary of the Sauk River.
 The Doubtful River is a river in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It rises near Mount Barron and flows south then south-east through Lake Sumner Forest Park reaching the Boyle River 40 kilometres west of Hanmer Springs. The Doubtful Range lies to the south. The Doubtless River and Devilskin Stream are tributaries entering from the north.The New Zealand Department of Conservation maintains a tramping track alongside the river with routes off to the north and south.
 The Pârâul Olt is a tributary of the Pădureni River in Romania.
 The Papenoo River is a river of French Polynesia. It is located on the island of Tahiti. Where the river fist becomes a river is in the mountains of Tahiti east of the town cener of Papeete. The river ends on the coast of Tahiti near Papeeno. The river is about 20 miles long and is about 10 feet wide at the mouth. All the water ends in the Pacific Ocean. The forms from the little snowmelt from the mountains of Tahiti. The river starts in the center of Tahiti and flows northward toward Arue.
 Mount McPhail was named in 1918 after Norman R. McPhail. It is located in the Elk Range of the Park Ranges of the Canadian Rockies and stands astride the British Columbia-Alberta border which follows the Continental Divide in this area.
 Homolje mountains (Serbian: Homoljske planine Cyrillic: Хомољске планине) is a mountain range in eastern Serbia. The region they are in is also known as Homolje and located between towns of Žagubica in the south and Kučevo in the north. Their highest peaks are Štubej (940 m) and Vranj (884 m).
 Dongting Lake or Lake Dongting (Chinese: 洞庭湖; pinyin: Dòngtíng Hú; Wade–Giles: Tung-t'ing Hu) is a large shallow lake in northeastern Hu'nan province China. It is a flood basin of the Yangtze River (Chang Jiang). Hence the lake's size depends on the season.
 Grundwasser also called Grundbach or Hinteres Wasser is a small stream of Upper Lusatia in Germany. It has a length of about three miles and flows through the villages Eibau and Oderwitz.
 Korosi is a shield volcano located in the Gregory Rift at the northern end of Lake Baringo Kenya.
 The Chijic River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Diyar Planitia is a region of relatively un-cratered terrain on Saturn's moon Enceladus. It is located at 0.5° North Latitude 239.7° West Longitude and is approximately 311 km across.Images from the Voyager probes could not resolve whether Diyar Planitia is part of the ridged plains unit of Enceladus (Kargel and Pozio 1996) or the smooth plains unit (Rothery 1999) which is thought to be the youngest terrain on the moon.
 The Little Saskatchewan River is a river in western Manitoba. It originates in Riding Mountain National Park at Lake Audy and flows about 65 miles (105 km) south through the communities of Minnedosa and Rapid City. Its approximate length is 185 km. It joins the Assiniboine River about 6 miles (9.7 km) west of Brandon. The watershed has an area of 1400 square miles (3600 km2).
 Kasatochi Island (Aleut: Qanan-tanax̂) also known as Kasatochi volcano is an active stratovolcano and one of the Andreanof Islands subgroup of the Aleutian Islands of southwestern Alaska USA.
 The Little Carp River is a 1.6-mile-long (2.6 km) stream in Cheboygan County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The river begins in Munro Township at 45°33′19″N 84°41′15″W just south of Douglas Lake and flows south into Burt Township and empties into Burt Lake at 45°32′11″N 84°40′39″W. The river is also known as Carp Creek and Carp River.
 Schoharie Creek in New York USA flows north 93 miles (150 km) from the foot of Indian Head Mountain in the Catskill Mountains through the Schoharie Valley to the Mohawk River. It is twice impounded north of Prattsville to create New York City's Schoharie Reservoir and the Blenheim-Gilboa Power Project.Two notable bridge collapses have occurred on the Schoharie Creek. In 1987 two spans of the New York State Thruway collapsed.
 The Geike River is a river of Chile.
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Negri River in Romania.
 The Venta River (Latvian pronunciation [ˈvænta] Lithuanian [venˈta]  German: Windau Polish: Windawa Livonian Vǟnta joug) is a river in north-western Lithuania and western Latvia. Its source is near Kuršėnai in the Lithuanian Šiauliai County. It flows into the Baltic Sea at Ventspils in Latvia. Cities along the Venta include Mažeikiai (Lithuania) Kuldīga and Ventspils (Latvia). It has only one tributary longer than 100 km the Abava. The tributary Virvyčia is 99.7 km long.
 Monte Cecilia is a hill of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 199 metres (653 ft).
 The River Swilly (Irish: An tSúileach) is a river in Ireland which flows in an eastern direction through Letterkenny County Donegal. Letterkenny the largest town in County Donegal is built on the river and became the first crossing point on the river in the 17th century.
 The Valea Igăzău River is a tributary of the Pogăniş River in Romania.
 The Dowagiac River is a 30.9-mile-long (49.7 km) stream in the Lower Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The stream rises as the Dowagiac Drain a few miles east of Decatur in central Decatur Township in southern Van Buren County Michigan. Flowing west and south it is joined first by Red Run and then by the Lake of the Woods Drain near the southern edge of Hamilton Township it becomes the Dowagiac River before entering Wayne Township in Cass County.
 Prestvannet is a small lake on the highest point on the central part of the island of Tromsøya in the city of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. Prestvannet was built up as a reservoir in 1867 and continued in that function until 1921. Since then it has been used as park land and a nature reserve.The pond area just next to a big city has been preserved as a nesting place for various birds. The pond and its surrounding wooded area is an important natural area for the Tromsø area.
 The Dascălu River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 Lake Piru is an artificial lake located in Los Padres National Forest of Ventura County California created by the construction in 1955 of the Santa Felicia Dam on Piru Creek which is a tributary of the Santa Clara River. It is situated downstream from Pyramid Lake and can be accessed from Piru Canyon Road near the town of Piru California. The elevation of the lake is 1043 ft (318 m) and the elevation of the dam spillway is 1055 ft (322 m).
 The Obion River system is the primary surface water drainage system of northwestern Tennessee.The Obion has four major forks the North Fork Middle Fork South Fork and Rutherford Fork (which is named after the town of Rutherford). The confluences of these forks are only a few miles above the mouth of the Obion's discharge into the Mississippi River.
 Thomson is a lunar crater that is located within the Mare Ingenii on the far side of the Moon. Just to the northeast is the unusual merged crater formation of Van de Graaff. On the northwest rim of the mare is O'Day and to the south-southwest is Obruchev on the southern shore of Mare Ingenii.In the past the crater was flooded by lava leaving only the outer rim intact.
 Étang Saumâtre (in English brackish pond) is the largest lake in Haiti and the second largest lake in Hispaniola after Lake Enriquillo. It is also known as Lac Azuéi (Lake Azuéi); it is called Lago del Fondo in the Dominican Republic. Its Taíno name was Yainagua.The Étang Saumâtre the brackish water lake is a twin of the Enriquillo Lake is 22 kilometres (14 mi) east of Port-au-Prince on the fertile Plaine du Cul-de-Sac.
 National grid reference NR95389707Feorlin is an impounding reservoir located 2 kilometres west of Minard. The loch is part of the Lochgair Hydroelectric Scheme. The rockfill dam is 4.19 metres high and was completed in 1964.
 Bedse Caves (also known as Bedsa Caves) are situated in Maval taluka Pune District Maharashtra India.The history of the caves can be traced back up to 1st century BC. There are two main caves. The best known cave is the chaitya (prayer hall) with comparatively large stupa the other cave is monastery - vihara. Both the caves contain some carvings although are less ornate than later caves.
 Mont Mirantin is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Beaufortain Massif range. It has an elevation of 2460 metres above sea level.
 Farris is a 20 km long fresh water moraine-dammed lake near the Norwegian coastal town Larvik. The lake would have been a salt water fjord had it not been dammed by an end moraine left by the latest ice age. Farris is drinking water reservoir for some 170000 people. The largest island in the lake is Bjørnøya.
 The Ocoliș River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
 Brogo River a perennial river that is part of the Bega River catchment is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Sorocaba River (Portuguese Rio Sorocaba) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Tietê River. The river runs large and important part of the municipality of Sorocaba.Its headwaters are located in the municipalities of Ibiúna Cotia Vargem Grande Paulista and São Roque. It occupies a drainage area of 5269 km² and covers a distance of 180 km rural area flowing into Tiete River in the municipality of Laranjal Paulista.
 The Altmühl is a river in Bavaria Germany. It is a left tributary of the river Danube and is approximately 230 kilometres in length.
 Pilot Knob (also Avie Quah-la-Altwa Ha-bee-co-la-la and San Pablo) is a peak in Imperial County California. Pilot Knob is located 8 miles (13 km) southeast of Ogilby It rises to an elevation of 876 feet (267 m). Pilot Knob is a rocky landform geologically a Volcanic plug west of Yuma Arizona–Winterhaven California; it is connected to the Cargo Muchacho Mountains the central portion of the mountains being about 7 miles (11 km) north.
 Vydrica (Hungarian: Vödric German: Weidritz) is a small 17 km long river in south-western Slovakia which originates in the Little Carpathians mountains at about 450 m AMSL and flows into the Danube through the capital Bratislava.The river passes through the Bratislava Forest Park and enters the Danube in Karlova Ves borough. Some localities along the river are part of Natura 2000. It is one of few rivers in Slovakia to flow directly into the Danube.
 Grinnell Glacier is in the heart of Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is named for George Bird Grinnell an early American conservationist and explorer who was also a strong advocate of ensuring the creation of Glacier National Park.
 The Great Arm River is a river of Grenada.
 Gundkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Yariapo River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Valea Gardului is a tributary of the Păuşa River in Romania.
 Mapiá Grande River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Mandara Mountains (Monts Mandara) are a volcanic range extending about 200km (about 125 mi) along the northern part of the Cameroon-Nigeria border from the Benue River in the south (9.3°N 12.8°E﻿ / 9.3; 12.8) to the north-west of Maroua in the north (11.0°N 13.9°E﻿ / 11.0; 13.9). The highest elevation is 1494 m (4900 ft) the summit of Mount Oupay (10°53′N 13°47′E)[citation needed]. The region is densely populated mainly by speakers of Chadic languages.
 Chachakumani (composed of Quechua chachakuma a medical plant and -ni an Aymara nominal suffix to indicate ownership hispanicized spelling Chachacomani) is a mountain in the Cordillera Real of the Andes Mountains east of Lake Titicaca in Bolivia. Said to be one of the least climbed peaks in the Cordillera Real the mountain has an elevation of 6074 metres (19928 ft) above sea level.
 Signal Knob is the northern peak of Massanutten Mountain in the Ridge and Valley Appalachians with an elevation of 2106 feet (642 m). It is located in George Washington National Forest in Shenandoah County and Warren County in Virginia. The peak offers expansive views into the northern Shenandoah Valley and the town of Strasburg Virginia.Signal Knob was used by Signal Corps in the American Civil War by both the Union and Confederate armies.
 Suli Top is a Himalayan mountain peak in the Pithoragarh district of the Uttarakhand state of India. It is situated over the eastern flank of Kalabaland Glacier east of Johar Valley. The other peaks on the massif are Chiring We (6559 m) Trigal (6983 m) and Bamba Dhura (6334 m) etc. This ridge is a geographical divide between Lassar and Kalabaland valley. The first ascent to the summit was achieved in 1986.
 The Cornwallis River is a river in Kings County Nova Scotia Canada.It has a meander length of approximately 48 km from its source on the North Mountain near Berwick to its mouth near Wolfville on the Minas Basin. The lower portion of the river is tidal and there are extensive tidal marshes in the lower reaches. While the river is no longer used for navigation Port Williams was once an important destination for coastal shipping.
 The Tenryū River (天竜川 Tenryū-gawa) is a river arising from Lake Suwa in Okaya Nagano Prefecture grazing Aichi Prefecture and flowing through western Shizuoka Prefecture in central Honshū Japan. With a length of 213 km (132 mi) it is Japan's ninth longest river.
 Tonle Bati (Khmer: ទន្លេបាទី) is a small lake about 30 km south of Phnom Penh the capital of Cambodia. It is a popular weekend destination for the local population. It is also a popular fishing spot for both tourists and people who live locally.Close to the lake there is a temple Ta Prohm built in the 12th century by Jayavarman VII. It is located off the highway to Takeo.20 minutes south of the lake there is another temple called Phnom Chisor (Khmer: ភ្នំជីសូរ).
 Ljosåbelgen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Kokummi Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 34 km (21 mi) south of Sayward and 9 km (6 mi) southeast of Mount Schoen.
 The Pârâul Stâncos is a tributary of the Avrig river in Romania.
 Kit Carson Peak elevation 14171 ft (4319 m) is one of the 54 fourteeners in the state of Colorado. It lies in the Sangre de Cristo Range near Crestone Peak and Crestone Needle and is named after the frontiersman Kit Carson. The peak is also known as Kit Carson Mountain a name that is used for both the massif with three summits (Columbia Point Kit Carson Peak and Challenger Point) or to describe the main summit only.
 Noßbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Supernal is a large double summit mountain (3655 m) surmounting the southeast corner of Hercules Neve and the heads of the Gair and Meander Glaciers in Victoria Land Antarctica. The feature has at times been mistaken for Mount Murchison. Named by the northern party of New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) 1962–63 because of its prominent and lofty appearance.
 Mount McNeil is a rhyolite lava dome located 41 km west of Carcross and 7 km south of Mount Skukum Yukon Territory Canada. It was formed during the Cenozoic eruptions of the Skukum Group.
 Federal Pond is a 129-acre (0.52 km2) pond in Carver and Plymouth Massachusetts. A small portion of the northeastern shore of the pond is in the Myles Standish State Forest. The pond is located southwest of Rocky Pond and Curlew Pond and northeast of Dunham Pond. Two unnamed islands lie in the middle of the pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish species.The only road leading to the pond Old Federal Road in Carver is a private road.
 Le Boudri (also known as Burgihorn) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located east of Ayer in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Anniviers and Turtmann north of the Hirsihorn.
 Lake Catani is an artificial lake in the Mount Buffalo National Park in Victoria Australia. It was constructed in 1910 under the supervision and probably design of the Victorian Public Works engineer Carlo Catani to provide recreational facilities in the newly opened winter resort.The Mount Buffalo National Park was established in 1898 with a 1166 hectare temporary reserve centred on the Eurobin Falls.
 The Vălișorul River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Gaspereau River is a river in Kings County Nova Scotia Canada.It has a length of approximately 24 km from its source at Gaspereau Lake on the South Mountain south of Kentville to its mouth at Hortonville on the Minas Basin. The lower portion of the river is tidal for 6.5 km until Melanson and there are extensive tidal marshes in the lower reaches. The upper 16 km runs swiftly over gravel beds boulders and bedrock except for several dammed sections which form narrow and deep channels.
 Norman's Law is a prominent hill at the very eastern end of the Ochil Fault Scotland.
 Until 1968 the Kleine Weser und Werdersee were part of the river Weser in Bremen Germany.
 The Betwa is a river in Northern India and a tributary of the Yamuna. Also known as the Vetravati the Betwa rises in the Vindhya Range just north of Hoshangabad in Madhya Pradesh and flows north-east through Madhya Pradesh and Orchha to Uttar Pradesh. Nearly half of its course which is not navigable runs over the Malwa Plateau. The confluence of the Betwa and the Yamuna Rivers is Hamirpur town in Uttar Pradesh in the vicinity of Orchha.
 The Tschingelhorn (3562 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. The summit of the Klein Tschingelhorn (3495 m) on the west is the tripoint between the valleys of Kandertal Lauterbrunnental (both in the Bernese Oberland) and Lötschental (in Valais). The main summit lies between the Lauterbrunnental and the Lötschental.The first ascent was made by Heinrich Feuz W. H.
 Mara Lake is a lake in the Shuswap Country of the Southern Interior of British Columbia Canada located immediately south of the community of Sicamous and to the north of the community of Enderby. It is the outlet of the Shuswap River which begins in the Monashee Mountains to the east. Its own outlet is Sicamous Narrows which is a short canal-like stretch of water connecting to Shuswap Lake and passing beneath the Trans-Canada Highway and the Canadian Pacific Railway mainline at Sicamous.
 Lake Murphy is a lake in Lane County Oregon. Lake Murphy lies on the north slope of Fairview Peak 14 miles (23 km) southwest of Oakridge at an elevation of 5150 feet (1570 m).
 Majevica (Мајевица pronounced [mâjɛv̞it͡sa]) is a low mountain range in Republika Srpska north-eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is situated between Semberija Posavina and Tuzla Canton.Its highest peak is Stolice some 10 miles east of Tuzla in the far southeastern part of the range. The north-eastern part of the range is located in the Republic of Srpska while most of it is located in the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina.
 Hjeltefjorden is a fjord in Hordaland county Norway. The 35-kilometre (22 mi) long fjord runs north-south between many islands leading from the open ocean to the city of Bergen. Its name is derived from Hjaltland the Old Norse name for Shetland. The main shipping routes from Bergen to Shetland ran through the Hjeltefjorden.The Hjeltefjorden is a major shipping route into Bergen and it runs from the island of Fedje in the north to Byfjorden in the south.
 Heis is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the western part of the Mare Imbrium. It is located to the northeast of the crater Delisle and south of C. Herschel. This is a circular symmetrical formation with an interior floor that is about half the diameter of the outer rim. The tiny satellite crater Heis A intrudes slightly into the northern rim.
 Pacheco Pass elevation 1368 ft (417 m) is a mountain pass located in the Diablo Range in southeastern Santa Clara County California. It is the main route through the hills separating the Santa Clara Valley and the Central Valley.As with most passes in the California Coast Ranges it is not very high when compared to those in other mountain areas within the state.
 The East Bay Hills refer to a 'fault ridge' of ancient rock on the south side of the East Bay of the Bras d'Or Lake located on Cape Breton Island Canada and are an extension of the Appalachian mountain chain. The East Bay Hills lie in Cape Breton County.The East Bay Hills rise to little more than 180 metres (590 ft) forming low ridges in an otherwise lowland landscape.
 The Sutlej River (alternatively spelled as Satluj River) (Punjabi: ਸਤਲੁਜ Hindi: सतलुज Urdu: درياۓ ستلُج‎ ) is the longest of the five rivers that flow through the historic crossroad region of Punjab in northern India and Pakistan. It is located north of the Vindhya Range south of the Hindu Kush segment of the Himalayas and east of the Central Sulaiman Range in Pakistan.The Sutlej is sometimes known as the Red River. It is the easternmost tributary of the Indus River.
 Clark Lake is a lake located in Gogebic County in the U.S. state of Michigan. Clark Lake is one of about two dozen clear clean lakes located in the Sylvania Wilderness of Ottawa National Forest a few miles (6 to 8 km) to the west of the town of Watersmeet. The shoreline is undeveloped except for a picnic area and boat launch at the northern end. The lake possesses several islands and numerous bays and coves.
 Palair Lake is a man made lake and a major source of freshwater in the Khammam district of Andhra Pradesh India. It is located at the Palair village in Kusumanchi mandal of the district and is about 30 kilometers away from the district headquarters of Khammam. The lake is a balancing reservoir for the Lal Bahadur Canal a left bank canal of the Nagarjuna Sagar project. Covering an area of 1748 hectares the lake has a storage capacity of 2.5 TMC of water.
 Encounter Bay is a bay on the south central coast of South Australia some 100 kilometres (62 mi) south of Adelaide South Australia. It is named by Matthew Flinders after his encounter on 8 April 1802 with Nicolas Baudin both of whom were charting the Australian coastline for their respective countries (Britain and France).
 Rock Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada. It has about 5 or so cabins on it and its located next to Little rock lake or as the locals call it 'the second lake'.
 Majavatnet (Southern Sami: Maajehjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county Norway. The 16.6-square-kilometre (6.4 sq mi) lake lies just west of Børgefjell National Park in southern Grane. The village of Majavatn lies on the eastern shore of the lake. The European route E06 highway and the Nordlandsbanen railway line both run along the eastern shore of the lake.
 The Santana River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Grimwith Reservoir is located in the Yorkshire Dales in North Yorkshire England. It is accessed from the B6265 road 1.5 miles (2.4 km) east of Hebden and 8 miles (13 km) west of Pateley Bridge.
 The Mixteco River is a river of Mexico.
 The Silurian Hills are a small range of hills in the Mojave Desert southeast of Death Valley National Park in southern California.
 Mittelbach (Werre) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Loi Leng is the highest mountain of the Shan Hills. It is located in Shan State Burma 45 km to the southeast of Lashio. With a height of 2673 m and a prominence of 1823 m Loi Leng is one of the ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia.
 The Caru River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The St. Joseph River (known locally as the St. Joe) is a river approximately 206 miles (332 km) long in southern Michigan and northern Indiana in the United States. It drains a primarily rural farming area in the watershed of Lake Michigan. It is enormously important to Native Americans and aided in the colonial settlement as a canoe route between Lake Michigan and the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 Sparks Lake is a natural body of water near the crest of the central Cascade Range in Deschutes County in the U.S. state of Oregon. The lake is about 26 miles (42 km) west-southwest of Bend along the Cascade Lakes Scenic Byway in Deschutes National Forest.
 The Snowy River is a major river in south-eastern Australia.
 Burkes Pass is a mountain pass and at its base a small town on State Highway 8 at the entrance to the Mackenzie Country in South Canterbury New Zealand. It is named after Michael John Burke a graduate of Dublin University who discovered the passageway which leads up into the Mackenzie Country in 1855.
 The Blandijnberg is a 29m high hill in the city center of Ghent in East Flanders Belgium.
 Abano Glacier is located on the southeastern slope of Mt. Kazbek in the Kazbegi District of Georgia. The length of the glacier is 4.6 km (2.9 mi) and its surface area is 1.6 km2 (0.62 sq mi). The maximum width of the Abano Glacier is 610 metres (2000 ft). Its meltwater is drained towards the river Terek.
 The Grand Rivière de Jacmel is a river in Haiti. It is approximately 1.8 kilometers long.
 Konawa Reservoir is a reservoir located in Oklahoma. The lake covers approximately 1350 acres (5.5 km2) and was constructed in 1969. In 2003 Konawa ranked first among Oklahoma Lakes larger than 1000 acres in the production of Largemouth bass.
 Mount Zirkel elevation 12182 ft (3713 m) is the highest summit of the Park Range in northern Colorado. The mountain in the Mount Zirkel Wilderness of Routt National Forest northeast of Steamboat Springs was named after German geologist Ferdinand Zirkel.
 The Stony River is a 190-mile (310 km) tributary of the Kuskokwim River in the U.S. state of Alaska. The river flows south from near Mount Mausolus in the Revelation Mountains of the Alaska Range through the northwestern corner of Lake Clark National Park and Preserve. From there it flows generally westward to meet the larger river at the community of Stony River.
 The Puriri River is a river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows west close to the point where the Coromandel Peninsula joins the rest of the North Island reaching the Waihou River three kilometres east of Turua.
 Motijhil (also Motijheel literal translation: Pearl Lake) also known as Company Bagh due to its association with the East India Company is a horse-shoe shaped lake in Murshidabad West Bengal India. It was created by Nawazish Muhammad Khan the son-in-law of Nawab Alivardi Khan. He also constructed a precious palatial palace beside this lake which is called the Sang-i- dalan (literal translation:stone palace) which is also known as the Motijhil Palace.
 Terek Pass (elevation 4128 m / 13543 ft.) is an all year round pass in the Alay Mountains in the Osh oblast of Kyrgyzstan. It was historically the principal pass to enter Xinjiang from the central Asia.
 Toshka Lakes (Arabic: بحيرات توشكى‎ Egyptian Arabic pronunciation: [boħeˈɾæːt ˈtoʃkæ]) is the name given to recently formed endorheic lakes in the Sahara Desert of Egypt.
 Le Cheval Blanc is a mountain in the Chablais Alps on the Swiss-French border. It overlooks the lake of Vieux Emosson on its eastern side.
 Øljusjøen is a lake in the municipalities of Hemsedal (in Buskerud county) and Lærdal (in Sogn og Fjordane county) Norway. The 8.45-square-kilometre (3.26 sq mi) lake is located at an elevation of 1335 metres (4380 ft) above sea level. It sits about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) southeast of the village of Borgund and the European route E16 highway. The lake Eldrevatnet is 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) to the north.
 Hassel Sound is an uninhabited natural waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. It separates Ellef Ringnes Island to the west from Amund Ringnes Island to the east.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Mara River in Romania.
 Mount Craddock is a large bold mountain forming the south extremity of Craddock Massif in Sentinel Range the highest mountain in Antarctica. It is linked by Karnare Col to Mount Strybing in the southern Sentinel Range.
 The Grübelekopf (also spelled Grüblekopf or Gribellakopf) is a mountain of the Samnaun Alps located on the border between Austria and Switzerland.The Grübelekopf is the northernmost point of the Austrian-Swiss border in the Samnaun Alps and the tripoint between the Samnaun valley the Visnitztal and the Grübeletal.
 Middlebush Brook is a tributary of Six Mile Run in Somerset County New Jersey in the United States.As its name suggests Middlebush Brook begins in the town of Middlebush. Its source is at 40°29′21″N 74°30′41″W just south of Hamilton Street in north-western Franklin Park.
 The Pârâul lui Găman is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The Chechidla Range is a mountain range in northernwestern British Columbia Canada located about 150 km (93 mi) west of Dease Lake and 125–150 km south-southeast of Atlin. It has an area of 3236 km2 and lies roughly in between the Whiting and Sutlahine Rivers on the west and northwest and the Samotua and Sheslay on the east. It is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains of the Pacific Cordillera mountain system.
 Mount Wilkinson is a low mountain immediately north-northwest of and directly overlooking downtown Vinings in southeast Cobb County Georgia USA. Although it rises significantly from the surrounding terrain it is actually at or slightly below the average elevation for the region as it is in the Chattahoochee River valley. Formerly called Signal Mountain today it is commonly known as Vinings Mountain. It is said that in 1864 U.S. Army General William T.
 Bear Brook is a small creek in the Eastern Ontario region mostly located within the municipal boundaries of Ottawa and Clarence-Rockland. It forms in the fields and forests just north of Edwards and flows in a mostly eastern direction to its mouth in the South Nation River.
 The Tucurui River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Inspiration Glacier is on the east slopes of Eldorado Peak North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is approximately 1.5 mi (2.4 km) in length 2 mi (3.2 km) in width at its terminus and descends from 8500 to 6800 ft (2600 to 2100 m). Forbidden Glacier lies in a cirque with Eldorado Peak to the west the arête known as Tepeh Towers to the northwest and Klawatti Peak to the northeast.
 Bukbawisan is a mountain between the cities of Chungju and Jecheon Chungcheongbuk-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 722 m (2369 ft).
 The Bürgenstock is a famous mountain in Switzerland (1127.8 m above sea level) located on the eponymous peninsula Bürgenstock in the middle of Lake Lucerne. Bürgenstock is also a famous village located at 874 m a.s.l. on the same mountain.
 Walcott Inlet is an estuary located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. The inlet was named on 19 June 1865 by Trevarton Charles Sholl after Stephen Walcott Commissioner of the Government Emigration Board while on an exploratory expedition from the short-lived Camden Harbor settlement (in Camden Sound).The inlet is 66 km (41 mi) in length with a width of 9 km (5.6 mi) and covering an area of 257 km2 (99 sq mi).
 The Wollemi Creek a partly perennial stream of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Central Tablelands and Blue Mountains regions of New South Wales Australia.
 Engel'gardt is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon located to the north of the huge walled plain Korolev. The satellite crater Engel'gardt B is attached to the north rim of this crater and is actually a much larger formation with a diameter of 163 km. To the west-northwest is the crater Lebedinskiy.This is a circular crater with a rim that has been only mildly eroded. The material on the inner sides has slid down to form piles of scree along the base.
 The Vaucouleurs is a small river in the Île-de-France and Centre regions of northern France. The name Vaucouleurs means colorful valley.
 Gramë Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Gramës) is the largest lake on Mount Korab and is located in Albania. Gramë Lake is found in the east part of Mount Korab near Mali i Gramës which stands at 2345 m high. The elevation of the lake is about 1750 m.The glacial Gramë Lake has an area of 5 hectares.
 Lac d'Izourt is a lake in Ariège France. At an elevation of 1645 m its surface area is 0.33 km².
 The Inhumas River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 There is also a Javorniki mountain range in the Dinaric AlpsMaple Mountains (Czech and Slovak: Javorníky) is a mountain range of the Slovak-Moravian Carpathians that forms part of the border between the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Its highest point is Veľký Javorník at 3514 feet (1071 metres). The Javorníky stretches from the White Carpathians in the south to the Beskids in the north.
 Ash Creek is located in southeastern Arizona in the Pinaleño Mountain Range part of Coronado National Forest. The closest city is Safford about 7 miles away.
 The Melecha (Russian: Мелеча) is a river in Sandovsky Molokovsky and Bezhetsky Districts of Tver Oblast in Russia. Together with the Mogocha River it forms the Osen a major right tributary of the Mologa River. It is 95 kilometres (59 mi) long and the area of its basin is 1310 square kilometres (510 sq mi). The principal tributary is the Belaya River (left).The source of the Melecha is located south of the selo of Staroye Sandovo in Sandovsky District.
 The David River is a river of Panama.
 Kichatna Spire sometimes called the Kichatna Spires is a 7684-foot (2342 m) spire-shaped peak in the Kichatna Mountains of the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve southwest of Mount McKinley. Cul-de-sac Shelf and Shadows Glaciers originate at Kichatna Spire.
 Joes Mountain is a mountain in York County in the state of South Carolina. The summit of Joes Mountain is at an elevation of 1027 feet (313 meters) above sea level. The mountain is one of the three main mountain summits of Kings Mountain National Military Park. The other mountain summits are Brown's Mountain and Kings Mountain.
 Mount William is a prominent snow-covered mountain 1600 m standing 4 miles (6 km) north-northeast of Cape Lancaster the south extremity of Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago. It was discovered on February 21 1832 by John Biscoe who believed it to be part of the mainland of Antarctic Peninsula. Named by Biscoe for William IV then King of the United Kingdom.
 The Thon or Ton is a small offshoot of the Oise river making it a sub-offshoot of the River Seine. It crosses the Ardennes and Aisne departments and is the central river of the Thiérache.
 The Fox Creek Range is a mountain range in Elko County Nevada. They are contained within the Jarbidge Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains.
 The Meseş Mountains (Romanian: Munţii Meseşului) is a mountain range in Transylvania Romania which belongs to the Apuseni Mountains. The highest peak is Măgura Priei Peak - 996 m (3268 ft).
 Ägelsee (or Egelsee) is a small lake in the municipality of Zeiningen Canton of Aargau Switzerland. The 7500 m² nature preserve is an amphibian spawning area of national importance.
 The Păscoaia River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Odingsell River is a 5.7-mile-long (9.2 km) tidal river in the U.S. state of Georgia. It flows into Ossabaw Sound just north of the mouth of the Ogeechee River. It passes through salt marshes lying between Skidaway Island to the west Wassaw Island to the north and east and Little Wassaw Island to the south.
 The Râul Roșu is a tributary of the Sirca River in Romania.
 National grid reference NN25251745Allt na Lairige Dam(Burn of the Pass) is a pre-stressed concrete dam creating an impounding reservoir which serves the Glen Shira Hydroelectric scheme.
 Pawan River is a major river of West Kalimantan Indonesia. It has a length of 197 kilometres (122 mi). Tributaries include the Keriau River.
 The Kiso River (木曽川 Kiso-gawa) is a river in Japan roughly 193 km long flowing through the prefectures of Nagano Gifu Aichi and Mie before emptying into Ise Bay a short distance away from the city of Nagoya. It is the main river of the Kiso Three Rivers (along with Ibi and Nagara rivers) and forms a major part of the Nōbi Plain.
 Mynydd Nodol is a 539m high hill in Snowdonia National Park and lying within the community of Llanycil in the county of Gwynedd in North Wales. It rises above the southern shores of the reservoir Llyn Celyn about 4km northeast of its higher neighbour Arenig Fawr. Mynydd Nodol forms the backdrop in views from the A4212 car park by the dam. The hill throws down a broad shoulder to the east.
 Taylor Creek is a 2.2-mile-long (3.5 km) northward-flowing stream originating in the Fallen Leaf Lake and culminating at Baldwin Beach at Lake Tahoe about 1 mile (1.6 km) west of Camp Richardson in El Dorado County California.
 Trebgast is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Arauca River (Spanish: Río Arauca) rises in the Andes Mountains of north-central Colombia and ends at the Orinoco in Venezuela. For part of its run it is the boundary between Colombia and Venezuela. The major city on its banks is Arauca Colombia and El Amparo Venezuela.
 Ida Facula is a mountain on Amalthea one of Jupiter's smallest moons. It is known to be twenty kilometers in height like the neighboring mountain Lyctos Facula. It is named for Mount Ida a mountain in Crete where Zeus played as a child.
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Mara River in Romania.
 The Kreuzberg (German for Cross Mountain) is a hill in the Kreuzberg locality of Berlin Germany in former West Berlin. It rises about 66 m (217 ft) above the sea level. It was named by King Frederick William III of Prussia after the Iron Cross which crowns the top of the Prussian National Monument for the Liberation Wars designed by Karl Friedrich Schinkel on its inauguration on 30 March 1821.
 The Tumen River is a 521 km-long river that serves as part of the boundary between China North Korea and Russia rising in Mount Paektu and flowing into the Sea of Japan.The river flows in northeast Asia on the border between China and North Korea in its upper reaches and between North Korea and Russia in its last 17 kilometers (11 mi) before entering the Sea of Japan.
 Snowy Mountain is a mountain located in Hamilton County New York. Initially known as 'Squaw Bonnet' its summit is the highest point in the county. While most maps show the elevation as 3899 feet some suggest that more recent surveys have it as 3904 feet or even 3908 feet.The mountain is the highest in the Adirondack Mountains south of the 4000 ft (1200 m) High Peaks region. It is one of thirteen mountain in New York with more than 2000 ft (610 m) of topographic prominence.
 Falu River (Swedish: Faluån) is a river in Sweden. It runs from lake Varpan to lake Runn and passes through the town of Falun.
 The Leșu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Ohio Pass (el. 10074 ft. ) is a high mountain pass in Colorado located one mile southeast of Kebler Pass. The Colorado Department of Transportation refers to the traversing road as Gunnison County Road (GCR) 730. Bing Maps incorrectly indicates that the traversing road is GCR 12.
 Kolleru Lake (Telugu: కొల్లేరు సరస్సు) is one of the largest freshwater lakes in India located in state of Andhra Pradesh . Kolleru is located between Krishna and Godavari delta. Kolleru spans into two districts - Krishna and West Godavari. The lake serves as a natural flood-balancing reservoir for these two rivers.
 Jõksi is a lake of Estonia.
 The Yellowstone Plateau volcanic field is a geological feature found in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is a popular site for tourists.The plateau developed through three volcanic cycles spanning two million years that included some of the world's largest known eruptions. Eruption of the >2500 km2 (970 sq mi) Huckleberry Ridge Tuff about 2 million years ago created the more than 75 km (47 mi) long Island Park Caldera.
 The Pârâul Butucilor is a tributary of the Drahura River in Romania.
 Kallidromo (Greek: Καλλίδρομο) is a mountain in southeastern Phthiotis and northeastern Phocis in Central Greece. Its maximum elevation is 1399 m. The Kallidromo lies south of the Malian Gulf east of Mount Oeta and north of the Cephissus valley. The strategic site of Thermopylae lies north of the mountain. The village of Drymaia is on the mountain. Nearby places are Mendenitsa to the northeast and Amfikleia to the south.
 Dôme de l'Arpont is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3599 metres above sea level.
 Küçük Menderes Little Meander) Cayster River or Kaystros River is located south of İzmir Turkey. The Cayster generally flows westward and arrive into the Aegean Sea at Pamucak beach near Selçuk İzmir. The ancient city of Ephesus was once an important port on the Cayster but over the centuries sedimentation gradually filled in the inlet around the city.
 Larrys Creek is a 22.9-mile-long (36.9 km) tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River in Lycoming County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. A part of the Chesapeake Bay drainage basin its watershed drains 89.1 square miles (231 km2) in six townships and a borough.
 The Col de Chermotane (also known as Col de Charmotane) is an Alpine pass located in the Swiss canton of Valais. With an altitude of 3037 metres above sea level the Col de Chermotane is the lowest pass between the valleys of Bagnes and Hérens. The pass lies a few kilometres north of the main chain of the Alps and is covered by the Otemma Glacier.
 Minaret Summit is a mountain pass on Highway 203 in the central Sierra Nevada. The pass lying on the Madera-Mono County border is within the Mammoth Ranger District of the Inyo National Forest and located near Devils Postpile National Monument Mammoth Lakes and Mammoth Mountain. The elevation of the pass is about 9265 ft (2824 m). Highway 203 ends at Minaret Summit.
 Banting is a small bowl-shaped lunar impact crater located near the middle of the Mare Serenitatis. The lunar mare in the vicinity is flat and nearly devoid of features of interest.This crater was previously identified as Linné E before 1973 when it was renamed by the International Astronomical Union in honour of Frederick Banting's contributions to medicine. Linné itself lies to the west-northwest.
 Kvernhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Back Lake is a 348 acres (141 ha) water body located in Coos County in northern New Hampshire United States in the town of Pittsburg. It is part of the Connecticut River watershed.
 Agate Pass or Agate Passage is a high-current tidal strait in Puget Sound connecting Port Madison and Port Orchard. It lies between Bainbridge Island and the mainland of the Kitsap Peninsula near Suquamish. It is the northern entrance to Port Orchard extending about one mile (1.6 km) in a straight southwesterly direction. The depth is about 20 feet (6.1 m). The shores are wooded and fairly steep. The shoreline is mostly rocky and fringed with kelp to Point Bolin.
 The Boise River is a 102-mile-long (164 km) tributary of the Snake River in the northwestern United States. It drains a rugged portion of the Sawtooth Range in southwestern Idaho northeast of Boise as well as part of the western Snake River Plain. The watershed encompasses approximately 4100 square miles (11000 km2) of highly diverse habitats including alpine canyons forest rangeland agricultural lands and urban areas.
 The Peruaçu River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Holmavatnet is a lake the Setesdalsheiene mountains of Southern Norway. It is located on the border of the municipalities of Suldal (in Rogaland county) Vinje (in Telemark county) and a small part in Bykle (in Aust-Agder county). The European route E134 passes through the village of Edland in Vinje about 22 kilometres (14 mi) northeast of the lake. The lake Skyvatn is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) to the south of the lake.
 The Glockner Group (German: Glocknergruppe) is a sub-group of the Austrian Central Alps in the Eastern Alps and is located in the centre section of the High Tauern on the main chain of the Alps. The Glockner Group lies in Austria in the federal states of Salzburg Tyrol and Carinthia. The three states meet at a tripoint on the summit of the Eiskögele (3436 m AA).
 Hädderbach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Mettermich is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Aliso Creek (Spanish for Alder Creek; also called Alisos Creek) is a 19-mile (31 km)-long urban stream that runs through Orange County in the U.S. state of California from the Santa Ana Mountains to the Pacific Ocean collecting seven main tributaries.
 Monte Rosa (Italian) or Mont Rose (French) both meaning Pink Mountain is the highest mountain in Switzerland and the second-highest in both the Alps and western Europe. The main summit known as the Dufourspitze (4634 m (15203 ft)) is the culminating point of the Pennine Alps.
 Bara-lacha la also known as Bara-lacha Pass or Bārā Lācha La (el. 4890 m or 16040 ft) is a high mountain pass in Zanskar range connecting Lahaul district in Himachal Pradesh to Ladakh in Jammu and Kashmir situated along the Leh-Manali highway. The Bhaga river a tributary of the Chandrabhaga or Chenab river originates from Surya taal lake which is situated a few of kilometers from the pass towards Manali.
 The Frumușița River is a tributary of the Băiaşu river in Romania
 The Urtenen river also called the Urtenenbach is a river in the Swiss Canton of Bern. It is an 18 km (11 mi) long tributary of the river Emme. It drains a portion of the central Bernese Midland and belongs to the catchment area of the Rhine. The Drainage basin of Urtenen is about 96 km2 (37 sq mi).
 Mount Alice is a mountain located at the Queens Reach arm of the Jervis Inlet within the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia Canada. The mountain was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumper who charted all of the known area and named the mountain after HRH Alice Maud Mary who was the third child of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert.
 The Mummy Range (elevation approximately 13000 ft) is a mountain range in the Rocky Mountains of northern Colorado in the United States. The range is a short subrange of the Front Range located in southwestern Larimer County northwest of the town of Estes Park. It is located largely within Rocky Mountain National Park extending north from Trail Ridge Road approximately 15 miles (24 km).Prominent peaks in the range include Hagues Peak Ypsilon Mountain Mummy Mountain and Mount Chiquita.
 Pine Valley is a 50-mile (80 km) long valley located in southwest Utah United States. Most of the valley lies in Beaver and Millard Counties; the extreme south of the valley arises in two mountain range regions in north Iron County.The valley is endorheic with a north flowing Pine Valley Wash that ends in sinks.
 Smeaton is a village and country estate in East Lothian Scotland. It is off the B1407 near East Linton and very close to Prestonkirk Parish Church as well as the National Trust for Scotland properties Preston Mill and Phantassie Doocot.
 The Fântânele River is a tributary of the Sibişel in Romania.
 Grøvudalstinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Lake Markakol (Kazakh: Маркаколь көлі Markakol' köli; Russian: озеро Маркаколь ozero Markakol') is a lake in East Kazakhstan. The lake is fed with small rivers and streams. Its coasts are cut up by gulfs. It is the largest lake in the Katonkaragay District of the East Kazakhstan Province.
 Reichenbach (Zahme Gera) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Qiwllaqucha (Quechua qillwa qiwlla qiwiña gull qucha lake gull lake also spelled Keullacocha) is a small lake in Peru located in the Apurímac Region Abancay Province Circa District southwest of the mountain Pituni.
 The Chessler is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps overlooking the valley of Monbiel east of Klosters in the canton of Graubünden.
 Lac de Lessy is a lake at Le Petit-Bornand-les-Glières in the Haute-Savoie France.
 The Moteng pass is a steep tarred pass in the Maloti mountains of Lesotho reaching a height of 2820 metres. It is one of two passes that links the town of Butha-Buthe with the diamond mining town of Mokhotlong the other pass being the Mahlasela pass. Heavy snowfalls frequently closes the pass in winter. The pass is 7.9 km long with the last stage being extremely dangerous in winter due to patches of ice.
 The Antoine River is a river of Grenada which is located in the Caribbean Sea.
 The Quitéria River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Chard Canal was a 13.5 miles (21.7 km) tub boat canal in Somerset England that ran from the Bridgwater and Taunton Canal at Creech St. Michael over four aqueducts through three tunnels and four inclined planes to Chard. It was completed in 1842 was never commercially viable and closed in 1868. The major engineering features are still clearly visible in the landscape.
 Demonax is a lunar impact crater near the southern limb of the Moon. This location makes the crater difficult to observe due to foreshortening. The crater is also illuminated at a very low angle when it is in the sunlit side. Demonax lies just to the north of the crater Scott one of the south polar formations. To the north-northwest is Boguslawsky.This crater has a worn and eroded rim with several small craters lying along the edge and the inner walls.
 The Topolnița River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Gârbău River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 The Little Smoky River is a tributary of the Smoky River in west-central Alberta Canada.
 The Valea cu Pietriș River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
 The River Dhoo is a river on the Isle of Man. The river begins in Marown and flows east towards Douglas through the central valley of the island. The river passes Crosby and Union Mills before meeting with the River Glass on the outskirts of Douglas where it flows out to sea through Douglas Harbour. The Dhoo (meaning black or dark in Manx) and the Glass (meaning clear or green) converge to form the River Douglas which some say gives Douglas its name. It has a length of approx.
 Mount Helen (13626 feet (4153 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is the fourth highest peak in the range and the fifth tallest in Wyoming. The summit is located in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest immediately west of the Continental Divide. The eastern flanks of the mountain are covered in snowfields and glaciers including Helen and Sacagawea Glaciers all of which are in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest.
 Kuntur T'uqu (Quechua kuntur condor t'uqu a niche hole or gap in the wall condor niche hispanicized spellings Cóndor Tuco Condortuco) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5550 metres (18209 ft) high. It is situated in the Cusco Region Canchis Province Pitumarca District. Kuntur T'uqu lies between the river Ch'illkamayu in the west and the lake Siwinaqucha in the east south of the mountains Hatunuma Wayruru Punku and Q'umirqucha.
 Naua River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Mount Fuji (富士山 Fujisan IPA: [ɸɯꜜdʑisaɴ] ) located on Honshu Island is the highest mountain in Japan at 3776.24 m (12389 ft). An active stratovolcano that last erupted in 1707–08 Mount Fuji lies about 100 kilometres (60 mi) south-west of Tokyo and can be seen from there on a clear day.
 Impati Mountain is a mountain near the town of Dundee in the province of KwaZulu-Natal South Africa. The name Impati is a Zulu word meaning leader. As the name implies the mountain stands out noticeably compared to the surrounding hills due to its elevation. Its foothills were the scene of the Battle of Talana Hill during the Second Boer War.Doctor Alden Lloyd Nature Conservation Area is located in this mountain.
 Lake Nineteen also known as Nineteen Lake is a 26-acre (11 ha) lake that is located in south-western Schoolcraft County Michigan in the Hiawatha National Forest. It is east of the county line with Alger and north of the county line with Delta County. Nearby lakes include Hugaboom Lake Mowe Lake Blue Lake Corner-Straits Chain of lakes Ironjaw Lake Verdant Lake and Round Lake.
 The Ocea River is a tributary of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 Palitzsch is a lunar crater that is located in the southeast part of the Moon near the southeast rim of the crater Petavius. Just to the southwest of Palitzsch is Hase while to the east-southeast is Legendre.The northeast rim of Palitzsch forms the southern end of Vallis Palitzsch a lunar valley that follows the eastern rim of Petavius for a distance of about 110 kilometers.
 Breitenbrunner Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Chipeșii River a tributary of the Gârbova in Romania.
 The Rivière du Lorrain is a river of Martinique. The river valley of Lorrain is a popular site for hiking and picnics.
 The Undavalli Caves (Telugu: ఉండవల్లి గుహలు) a monolithic example of Indian rock-cut architecture and one of the finest testimonials to ancient vishwakarma sthapathis are located in the village of Undavalli in Tadepalle Mandal in the Guntur District and near the southern bank of the Krishna River in the state of Andhra Pradesh India.The caves are located 6 km south west from Vijayawada 22 km north east of Guntur City and about 280 km from Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh.
 Voralpsee is a lake above Grabs in the Canton of St. Gallen Switzerland.
 The Venețioara River or Venecioara River is a tributary of the Veneția River in Romania.
 The Świętokrzyskie Mountains or Holy Cross Mountains (Polish: About this sound Góry Świętokrzyskie ) are a mountain range in central Poland in the vicinity of the city of Kielce. The mountain range comprises several lesser ranges the highest of which is Łysogóry (the Bald Mountains). The two highest peaks are Łysica 612 meters (2008 ft) and Łysa Góra 593 meters (1946 ft).
 Medicine Owl Peak (8284 feet (2525 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Little Salado Creek originally Arroyita Salado (Little Salt Creek) is a tributary of the San Joaquin River draining eastern slopes of part of the Diablo Range within the Central Valley of California USA. The Creek ends before it reaches the San Joaquin River south of Patterson in Stanislaus County.Arroyita Salado was a watering place on El Camino Viejoin the San Joaquin Valley and provided water for Rancho Del Puerto.
 Lago di Comabbio is a lake in the Province of Varese Lombardy Italy. At an elevation of 243 m its surface area is 3.4 km².
 Kara-Suu Lake (Kyrgyz: Карасуу) is a rock-dammed lake in Toktogul District of Jalal-Abad Province of Kyrgyzstan. It is located at the altitude of 2022 m in riverbed of Kara-Suu right tributary of Naryn River.
 Cronk ny Arrey Laa is a hill in the south west of the Isle of Man. It may be confused with a hill of a similar name in the parish of Jurby further north along the west coast of the island.At 437 m (1434 ft) it is the second highest hill in this part of the island after the South Barrule 2 miles (3 km) to the east. It is in the parish of Rushen although the boundary with the parish of Patrick is only about 200 metres to the north of its summit.
 The Rapa Valley (Swedish: Rapadalen Sami: Ráhpavágge) is a 35 km long valley in Sweden and the largest in the Sarek National Park part of the Laponian area. The Rapa River runs through the valley which is surrounded by steep mountains.
 Pyhävesi is a medium-sized lake located in the southeast of Finland. The nearest town is Mäntyharju to the south. It belogs to Kymijoki main catchment area and to region Kymenlaakso.
 Tokyo Bay (東京湾 Tōkyō-wan) is a bay located in the southern Kantō region of Japan and spans the coasts of Tokyo Kanagawa Prefecture and Chiba Prefecture. Tokyo Bay is connected to the Pacific Ocean by the Uraga Channel. Its old name was Edo Bay (江戸湾 Edo-wan). The Tokyo Bay region is both the most populous and largest industrialized area in Japan.
 The Caripunás River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Cima dei Preti (Italian: Priests' Peak) is a mountain in the Carnic Prealps the highest peak of the Friulian Dolomites Italy. It is located at the boundaries between the provinces of Pordenone and Belluno.
 White Lake is the name of several lakes in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 Mouth Maze Cave is a large labyrinthine river cave in Trelawny Jamaica. It is the only exit of the Mouth River from a small valley which during intense rainfall becomes flooded as the flow backs up. Because of this it can only safely be visited in very dry periods.
 The Lenzspitze is a 4294-metre (14088 ft) mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland. It is the southernmost peak on the Nadelgrat a high-level ridge running roughly north–south north of Dom in the Mischabel range above the resort of Saas Fee to the east and the Mattertal to the west.It was first climbed in August 1870 by Clinton Thomas Dent with guide Alexander Burgener and a porter Franz Burgener by the north-east face to the Nadeljoch and then the north-west ridge to the summit.
 The Lunga River is a tributary of the Horezu River in Romania.
 Buck Pike is a fell located in the Lake District National Park in Cumbria. Buck Pike is near the village of Coniston. Other fells in this area include Brown Pike Dow Crag and the Old Man of Coniston.
 Theia Mons is a large shield volcano on Venus. Its name is derived from the titan of Greek mythology.LOCATION: Beta RegioELEVATION: about 6000 mTYPE: shield volcanoSTAGE: extinctVOLCANIC FEATURES: caldera
 Ash Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Cascade Pass (formerly also known as Skagit Pass) is a 5392-foot (1643 m) mountain pass over the northern Cascade Range east of Marblemount Washington U.S.Although an important pass providing the easiest connection from the Cascade River to the head of Lake Chelan it is now inside North Cascades National Park and crossed by only a hiking trail.From the west one reaches it by hiking an easy 3.5 mile trail from the end of the Cascade River Road (elev. 3600 feet (1100 m)).
 Eldorado Pass (el. 4623 ft.) is a mountain pass in Oregon traversed by U.S. Route 26.
 The Toaderiş River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Kholeno or Koleh-no (Persian: خلنو ‎) (Persian: خله نو ‎) is a mountain in Kholeno/Azadkouh massif in central Alborz range located in North of Iran. It is located in Tehran province very close to the border of Mazandaran Province.
 San Carlos Lake was formed by the construction of the Coolidge Dam and is rimmed by 158 miles (254 km) of shoreline. The lake is located within the 3000-square-mile (7800 km2) San Carlos Apache Indian Reservation and is thus subject to tribal regulations.After it was built the reservoir filled gradually. Because of irrigation needs the water level at the lake sometimes is low enough to kill its self-sustaining fish but during wet years the water can overtop Coolidge Dam.
 Urququcha (Quechua urqu male / mountain qucha lake mountain lake or male lake hispanicized spelling Orcococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region Castrovirreyna Province Santa Ana District and in the Huaytará Province Pilpichaca District. It is situated east of the lake Chuqlluqucha and northwest of the smaller lake Q'araqucha.
 The Vanil Noir is a mountain of the Fribourg Prealps located on the border between the cantons of Fribourg and Vaud in western Switzerland. With a height of 2389 metres above sea level the Vanil Noir is the highest summit of the canton of Fribourg and of the range lying north of the Saanenmöser Pass.The closest localities are Grandvillard (Fribourg) and Château d'Oex. Several trails lead to the summit.
 The Fometescu River is a tributary of the Jieţ in Romania.
 The Pizes de Cir (Ladin: Pizes de Cir; Italian: Gruppo del Cir; German: Cirspitzen) is a mountain range in South Tyrol Italy. They are part of the Dolomites north of Gardena Pass. The highest peak of this mountain range is the Gran Cir with an elevation of 2592 meter.
 The Pietroasa River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Egegik Bay (Central Alaskan Yup'ik: Igyagiim painga) is a bay located just 69.1 miles from Dillingham in Alaska and the northeastern arm of the Bristol Bay. The Egegik (Igyagiiq in Yup'ik) village is located on a high bluff along the southern shore of the Egegik River at the upper extent of Egegik Bay. The nearest places to Egegik Bay are Coffee Point (3 km north) Coffee Point (4 km north) Goose Point (4 km north) Egegik Airport (5 km west) and Bartletts Airport (6 km north).
 Cross Lake (French: Lac de la Croix) is an 8575-acre (35 km2) lake located near Shreveport Louisiana. The waterway provides the water supply for the City of Shreveport. Moss covered cypress trees line the banks of this open lake popular for fishing and recreational boating. Supporting waterfowl alligators and an abundance of wildlife.
 Calf Crag is a fell in the English Lake District on the eastern side of the High Raise massif.
 The Voineagu River is a tributary of the Sterpu River in Romania.
 The Boulder Mountains are a mountain range running north–south west of Boulder between Helena and Butte in the U.S. state of Montana. Parts of the range are in four different counties: Deer Lodge Jefferson Lewis and Clark and Silver Bow.Haystack Mountain which reaches 8819 feet (2688 m) is the tallest peak in the range. The three other highest peaks are Jack Mountain at 8752 feet (2668 m) Bull Mountain at 8609 feet (2624 m) and Thunderbolt Mountain at 8597 feet (2620 m).
 Dirillo Lake is an artificial lake to the south of Licodia Eubea in the Province of Catania Sicily Italy which was formed in the 1950s by damming the river Dirillo.
 The Bunejug Mountains are a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 Kellbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Eiswoog is a reservoir roughly six hectares in area on the Eisbach stream locally also called die Eis in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. It is oriented from south to north in the water meadows near the source of the stream in part of the northern Palatinate Forest known as the Stumpfwald.
 Bok Crater is a crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 20.8° N and 31.7° W. It is 7.1 km in diameter and was named after a town in New Guinea.Bok Crater is famous for showing clear evidence that it was affected by floods of water from Maja Valles on Mars.
 Klenzsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 57.5 m its surface area is 0.74 km².
 Girnitz is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Neagra is a tributary of the Arieşul Mare River in Romania.
 Divide Mountain (8665 feet (2641 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Divide Mountain is located south of Saint Mary Montana on the border of Glacier National Park and the Blackfeet Indian Reservation.
 Uludağ [ˈuɫudaː] the ancient Mysian Olympus is a mountain in Bursa Province Turkey with an altitude of 2543 m (8343 ft). It is a popular center for winter sports such as skiing and a national park of rich flora and fauna. Summer activities such as trekking and camping also are popular.In Turkish Uludağ means Sublime Mountain but in colloquial Turkish the older name Keşiş Dağı Mountain of Monks is still used.
 Cooks River a semi-mature tide dominated drowned valley estuary is a tributary of Botany Bay located in south-western Sydney New South Wales Australia.The course of the 23 kilometres (14 mi) long urban waterway has been altered to accommodate various developments along its shore. It serves as part of a stormwater system for the 100 square kilometres (39 sq mi) of its watershed and many of the original streams running into it have been turned into concrete lined channels.
 Wild Lake (Slovene: Divje jezero) is a lake near Idrija in western Slovenia and a karst spring of the Vauclusian type. The lake is the source of the Jezernica River a tributary of the Idrijca and at 55 metres (180 ft) long the shortest river in Slovenia. Water flows from under the ground and through a steeply inclined tunnel explored to a depth of 160 metres (520 ft). The discharge occasionally surpasses 60 cubic metres per second (2100 cu ft/s).
 Olstappen is a lake in the municipalities of Sør-Fron and Nord-Fron in Oppland county Norway.The Vinstra River coming from the southwest flows into the west side of Olstappen and flows out of Olstappen’s northeast corner thence east into Gudbrandsdalslågen at the town of Vinstra. The Espa River flows into Olstappen from the south making it a tributary of the Vinstra. Olstappen lies south of the town of Skåbu.
 The Șipotu River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Lake Fehér is a lake of Hungary. It is named Fehér (White) because it is white. It is a part of Kiskunság National Park and it is situated just north of the town of Szeged. It covers an area of 14 square kilometres. Lake Fehér is Hungary's largest saltwater lake. It is carefully protected because it is home to 280 species of bird and because of its ancient flora. The area is an important stop in the migration of European birds and serves as a resting and feeding place for them.
 Coombe Hill or Combe Hill is the name of a hill near Jevington in the English county of East Sussex. It is the site of a Neolithic causewayed enclosure and much later archaeological evidence.Built around 3200 BC the enclosure consists of two concentric segmented ditches with an internal area measuring around 6000 m².Excavations in 1949 found animal bone flint tools and Ebbsfleet type Peterborough ware at the site.
 Eggekollene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The San Geronimo River is a river of Bolivia.
 The River Aller is a small river on Exmoor in Somerset England.It rises as several small streams around Tivington and Huntscott and flows through the Holnicote Estate past Holnicote and through Allerford where it passes under a packhorse bridge of medieval origin. It then joins the River Horner which flows into Porlock Bay near Hurlstone Point on the Bristol Channel.Because of the surrounding geology the area has been at risk of flooding.
 Abenezra is a lunar impact crater located in the rugged highlands in the south-central section of the Moon. It is named after the Sephardic Jewish sage poet biblical commentator astronomer and astrologer Abraham ibn Ezra. It is attached along the southeast rim to the crater Azophi. To the northeast lies the crater Geber and further to the southeast is the larger Sacrobosco.The rim of Abenezra has a noticeably polygonal shape with uneven wall segments.
 Ariquta (Aymara quta lake hispanicized spelling Aricota) is a lake in the Tacna Province of the Tacna Region of Peru. It is located 25 km from Ilabaya.
 Tuzly Lagoons (Ukrainian: Тузловські лимани Romanian: Limanele Tuzlei) are a group of marine lagoons (limans) in southern Bessarabia (Budjak) Ukraine. The lagoons are part of the Tuzly Lagoons National Nature Park proclaimed on January 1 2010.
 Armand Bayou is a bayou in U.S. State of Texas. It runs near Galveston Bay in Pasadena and the Clear Lake Area.The bayou is most well known for the Armand Bayou Nature Center which it runs through. The bayou and the nature center were named for Armand Yramatagui former curator of the Burke Baker Planetarium and environmental leader in the 1960s.
 The Háj u Aše (German: Hainberg bei Asch 758 m) is the highest elevation in the Bohemian part of the Fichtelgebirge mountains (Smrčiny). It is the local mountain of the town of Aš (Asch) in the Czech Republic.
 Halfmoon Lake is the name of a lake in the Ocala National Forest Florida. Half Moon is a spring fed fresh water lake and part of an area known as Land of Lakes with over 600 lakes and ponds in the Central Florida area.Half Moon Lake covers roughly 500 acres (2 km²) and is situated in the Ocala Wildlife Management Area in a protected Federal Forest.
 Pen y Castell is a summit in the Carneddau mountains in north Wales. It tops the east ridge of Drum (Wales). The summit consists of rocky outcrops amid a small boggy palteau. Views of the higher Carneddau ridge to the west Craig Eigiau to the south Tal y Fan to the north and the Conwy valley to the east can be seen.
 The Goațele River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Gray Wolf Ridge is a spur of the northeastern Olympic Mountains in Washington's Olympic Peninsula. Arcing northeast from the Mount Deception - Needles - Mount Clark - Mount Walkinshaw massif Gray Wolf Ridge is covered by alpine and subalpine forests up to the timberline leaving the upper elevations of the ridge's six rocky peaks vegetated only by fragile alpine meadows.
 The Oșelu River is a tributary of the Boga River in Romania. The Oșelu waterfall located on this river is an important touristical attraction.
 The Pârâul Mic is a tributary of the Cernat River in Romania.
 The Avoca (Irish: Abhainn Abhóca; historically Abhainn Mhór / Abhainn Dé) is a river in County Wicklow Ireland. It is contained completely within the county.The Avoca starts life as two rivers the Avonmore (Irish: Abhainn Mhór meaning Big River) and the Avonbeg (Irish: Abhainn Bheag meaning Small River).
 The Skinakas Basin is the informal name given to a structure on Mercury that appeared to be an extremely large impact basin. The traditional name for this region of Mercury is Solitudo Aphrodites.[citation needed] The limited-resolution images available showed a double-ringed structure with the inner ring having a diameter of around 1600 km which would have made it one of the largest impact basins in the solar system.
 Jandiatuba River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Volcano Vent is a small shield volcano in northern British Columbia Canada. It is Holocene in age and stands in relief above the surrounding area north of the Nazcha Creek and comprises the West Tuya lava field with West Vent and Grizzly Butte. It is one of the three small shield volcanoes in the Tuya Volcanic Field which in turn form part of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province. Most of the rock studied and sampled at Volcano Vent is massive coherent basalt.
 The Ingenika Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located south of Ingenika River above Swannell River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Rhine (Romansh: Rain; German: Rhein; French: Rhin; Dutch: Rijn) is a European river that begins in the Swiss canton of Grisons in the southeastern Swiss Alps forms part of the Franco-German border then flows through Germany and eventually empties into the North Sea in the Netherlands.
 The Isère is a 286 km long river in southeastern France in the Rhône-Alpes région. Its source is in the Alps on the border with Italy near the ski resort Val d'Isère. It flows into the river Rhône (left bank) in Pont-de-l'Isère a few km north of Valence.
 Harris Glacier is located in the US state of Montana in Glacier National Park. The glacier is situated in a cirque immediately to the northeast of Parke Peak at an elevation between 7000 ft (2100 m) and 6600 ft (2000 m) above sea level. The glacier covers an area of approximately 8 acres (0.032 km2) and does not meet the threshold of 25 acres (0.10 km2) often cited as being the minimum size to qualify as an active glacier. Between 1966 and 2005 the glacier lost 77 percent of its acreage.
 The Aguililla River is a river of Mexico.
 Ten Mile River is a river in northern Mendocino County California United States. It is named for the fact that its mouth is 10 miles (16 km) north of the mouth of the Noyo River. The middle and north forks of the river are each 15 miles (24 km) long and the river extends for seven more miles from their confluence to its mouth on the Pacific Ocean. The watershed of Ten Mile River is neighbored on the south by the Noyo River and on the east and north by the South Fork Eel River.
 Loughermore (from Irish Luachair Mhór meaning big rushy area) is a mountain in County Londonderry Northern Ireland. It is the 847th highest mountain in Ireland and lies in a large uplands area known as the Loughermore Hills which is bounded to the west and south by the Rivers Faughan and Foreglen and to the east by the River Roe.
 The Rimutaka Range (often called the Rimutakas) is one of several mountain ranges in the North Island of New Zealand that form a ridge running parallel with the east coast between East Cape and Wellington.
 Maradugao River (also called Maridugao) is a river that serves as a natural boundary between the provinces of Bukidnon and Lanao del Sur in Mindanao in southern Philippines. It joins the Pulangi River in North Cotabato.
 The Vorderrhein (English: Anterior Rhine; in the local Sursilvan language: Rein Anteriur) is one of the two sources of the Rhine. Its catchment area of 1512 square kilometres (584 square miles) is located predominantly in the Canton of Graubünden (Switzerland). The Vorderrhein is about 76 kilometres (47 mi) long thus more than 5% longer than the Hinterrhein (each measured to the farthest source).
 The Curuaés River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Sturgeon River is a 106-mile-long (171 km) river in Baraga County and Houghton counties in the U.S. state of Michigan. 25.0 miles (40.2 km) of the river were added to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System in 1992.
 Piz Por (3028 m) is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps located west of Innerferrera in the canton of Graubünden. It is the culminating point of the group between the Splügen Pass and the Niemet Pass.
 Mont Ross is a stratovolcano the highest mountain in the Kerguelen Islands at 1850 metres (6070 ft). It is located in the Massif Gallieni range at the end of the Gallieni peninsula east of Baie Larose on the main island of Grande Terre. The volcano is composed primarily of trachybasalt and was active during the late Pleistocene.
 Middle Quartz Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Middle Quartz Lake is only 150 yards (140 m) west of Quartz Lake. Middle Quartz Lake is a 6 miles (9.7 km) hike from the Bowman Lake Picnic Area.
 The Valea Bozii River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Cerbăl River is a tributary of the Govăjdia river in Romania.
 The Chicopee River is an 18.0-mile-long (29.0 km) tributary of the Connecticut River in Metropolitan Springfield Massachusetts known for fast-moving water and its extraordinarily large basin: the Connecticut River's largest tributary basin.
 The Deveselu River is a tributary of the Redea River in Romania.
 The Kawich Range is a mountain range in Nye County in southern Nevada in the United States just south of the Hot Creek Range. The southern part of the range lies on the Nellis Air Force Range. The mountains cover an area of about 250 square miles (650 km2) and contain Kawich Peak at 9399 feet (2865 m) above sea level. U.S. Route 6 crosses the pass between The Kawich and the Hot Creek ranges and meets State Route 375 at Warm Springs just north of the range.
 The Zengwun River (Chinese: 曾文溪; pinyin: Zéngwén Xī; Wade–Giles: Tseng2-wen2 Hsi1; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Chan-bûn-khoe) formerly spelled Tsengwen River is a river in Taiwan. It flows through Tainan City and Chiayi County for 130km.Located upstream of Zengwun River is the largest reservoir in Taiwan Zengwun Reservoir formed by Zengwun Dam. The endangered black-faced spoonbills come every winter as migrants and inhabit downstream near the estuary where many other waterfowls are also found.
 Turnagain Pass (el. 900 feet (274 m)) is a mountain pass just south of the municipal limits of Anchorage Alaska. It is located in the northeastern part of Kenai Peninsula Borough. The pass marks the highest point on the Seward Highway at approximately milepost 70. Traveling north the Seward Highway descends into the Anchorage bowl and begins to round the Turnagain Arm.The pass is a popular winter recreation area for skiers snowshoers and snowmobilers.
 Emerson Lake is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California 66 km (41 mi) northeast of Joshua Tree. The lake is approximately 6 km (3.7 mi) long and 4.5 km (2.8 mi) at its widest point.Emerson Lake is on federal lands within the borders of the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms west of Hildago Mountain.
 Maurerberg or Mauerer Berg is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps to the southeast of the town of Schaanwald with a height of 1378 metres (4521 ft).
 Pottinger Peak (Chinese: 砵甸乍山) is a mountain on the eastern side of Hong Kong Island. It is located just south of Chai Wan and is 312m above sea level at its peak.
 Wigry is a lake located in north-eastern part of Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship.Wigry lake is situated in the forests of the Augustów Wilderness – trees grow on about 80% of its shoreline. There are 19 smaller and bigger islands on the lake in its waters thrive as many as 26 species of fish including pike trout and bass. The lake and its adjacent area belong to the Wigry National Park which means there are several regulations which ought to be respected by tourists.
 Suess is a small lunar impact crater on the Oceanus Procellarum. It is a circular cup-shaped feature with a higher albedo than the surroundings. The closest significant crater is Reiner about 150 kilometers to the west-northwest.
 Lake Gregory is a salt lake in northern South Australia. It lies to the west of Lake Blanche; to the east the Birdsville Track runs in between it and Lake Eyre. It is named after the explorer Augustus Charles Gregory who first passed by it in 1858. Originally Lake Eyre was named Lake Gregory by B. H.
 Ellicott Creek is a stream in Western New York United States. It is a tributary of Tonawanda Creek which in turn flows into the Niagara River.
 Siekbach (Werre) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Kilpisjärvi is a medium-sized lake located at the north-western tip of Finland and northernmost Sweden. Treriksröset the point where the borders of Finland Sweden and Norway join is located some 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) northwest from the lake.The lake is divided into two parts Kilpisjärvi (Northern Sami: Bajit Gilbbesjávri) and Alajärvi (Vuolit Gilbbesjávri).Being located on the Scandinavian Mountains the lake is surrounded by numerous fells most notably Saana.
 The Bunica River is a short river in Bosnia and Herzegovina and a left bank tributary of the Buna. Its source (Vrelo Bunice) located under sharp cliffs between the two villages of Hodbina and Malo Polje is 14 km south from Mostar. It is a very deep and strong karstic spring and difficult to access. Together with the Buna river it flows west for approximately 10 km and joins the Neretva river near Buna village. The Bunica is a main tributary of the Buna.
 Petronila Creek is a river in Texas.
 Izquierdo is a crater on Mercury located to the east of Beagle Rupes and Sveinsdóttir crater. The floor of Izquierdo is smooth the result of having been partially filled with volcanic lava. Circular outlines of the rims of “ghost craters” – smaller older craters that have been largely buried by the lavas that infilled the basin – are visible in a few places on Izquierdo’s floor. The remnants of a buried inner ring are also barely discernible in spots.
 Swarth Fell is an approximately 1 mile (1.5 km) stretch of high ground (consisting mainly of limestone capped with millstone grit) situated to the south of Wild Boar Fell of which it is a continuation. It is mostly within Mallerstang Cumbria but the boundary between Cumbria and North Yorkshire runs along its length just to the west of the highest points.
 Dismal Lakes are a series of three interconnected lakes in the Canadian Northwest Territories located roughly midway between the Coronation Gulf and Great Bear Lake east of the Dease River. The Teshierpi River discharges into the narrows between the second and third Dismal Lakes and the third lake discharges into the Kendall River. The lakes were named by explorer Thomas Simpson.Two miles west of the western lake is Sandy Creek which flows south into the Dease River.
 Piz Pombi (also known as Pizzo Forato) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. It overlooks Soazza on its western side.
 The Muddy River is a 5.3-mile-long (8.5 km) tributary of Sebago Lake in the U.S. state of Maine.
 The Sărmaş River ( Hungarian: Salamás-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Pedra da Gávea is a mountain in Tijuca Forest Rio de Janeiro Brazil. Composed of granite and gneiss its elevation is 844 metres (2769 ft) making it one of the highest mountains in the world that ends directly in the ocean.
 The Debla River is a river in the Pădurea Craiului Mountains of Romania. It ends in the Gălăşani Cave and continues its flow underground through the cave. It emerges near the village of Josani through various small springs which flow into the lower reach of the Dobrineşti River.
 The Lunca River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 The River Cong is in the west of the county of Norfolk. It is a tributary of the River Babingley. The spring rises in a meadow pool on the Hillington side of Manor Farm Congham. From there the river flows through the wood and over a small waterfall where in the past it powered all the machinery within the Congham Oil Mill (grid reference TF71342475) which is now known as Congham Lodge.
 Laguna del Maule (Spanish pronunciation: [laˈɣuna ðel ˈmaule]) is a lake located in the Andes of Central Chile. The lake is natural in origin but its water level was raised by a dam inaugurated in 1957. It has a capacity of 1420 million m³.
 Volcán de Agua (also known as Hunahpú by Mayans) is a stratovolcano located in the department of Sacatepéquez in Guatemala. At 3760 m (12340 ft) Agua Volcano towers more than 3500 m (11500 ft) above the Pacific coastal plain to the south and 2000 m (6600 ft) above the Guatemalan Highlands to the north. It dominates the local landscape except when hidden by cloud cover.
 Erbstrom is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Kinhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Täsch in the canton of Valais. It is located west of the Täschhorn.
 Pic del Segre or Puigmal del Segre is a mountain of Catalonia France and Spain. Located in the Pyrenees close to Vall de Núria it has an elevation of 2843 metres (9327 ft) above sea level.The Segre River has its source by this peak.
 Tame Valley Junction (grid reference SO976936) also known as Doe Bank Junction is a canal junction at the western limit of the Tame Valley Canal where it meets the Walsall Canal south of Walsall in the West Midlands England.
 Steenburg Lake is a lake in the Trent River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in the township of Limerick Hastings County Ontario Canada about 1.1 kilometres (0.7 mi) west of Ontario Highway 62 and 28 kilometres (17 mi) south of the town of Bancroft.
 Lindsay is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the central highlands of the Moon. It lies in the irregular terrain to the northwest of the landing site of the Apollo 16 mission. To the south is the crater Anděl and Taylor is to the east-northeast.Dr E. J. Öpik stated that this crater was likely formed by the impact of an asteroid about 1 mile (1.6 km) in diameter. The outer rim of this crater is worn and irregular with incisions along the northern and southern inner walls.
 The Wonboyn River an open youthful wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial stream is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Manod Mawr is a mountain in North Wales and forms part of the Moelwynion. Although known as a mountain in the eastern Moelwyns it and its sister peaks are sometimes known as the Ffestiniog hills. Manod Mawr is a mountain which has been extensively quarried. The recently closed Graig Ddu Quarry is to be found on the 600-metre (2000 ft) contour in the hollow between Manod Mawr's summit and Manod Mawr North Top.
 Rawa Pening (literally meaning 'Clear Swamp' from the Javanese Bening) is a lake in the Ambarawa Basin in Central Java Indonesia. It serves as a source of power irrigation and flood control and is used for fishing. Due partly to high numbers of aquatic plants it may dry out by 2021.
 Damoiseau is a lunar crater that is located just to the west of the Oceanus Procellarum in the western part of the Moon's near side. It lies due east of the prominent crater Grimaldi a walled plain with a distinctive dark floor. Due south of Damoiseau is the crater Sirsalis.The low outer rim of Damoiseau is not quite circular having an outward protrusion to the northeast and smaller bulges to the north and southeast.
 Vladimir Putin Peak (Russian: Пик Владимира Путина) is a mountain of the Tian Shan mountain range in Kyrgyzstan. Located in the Chuy Province. It was named in 2011 for the second president of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 The Paranaíba River is a Brazilian river whose source lies in the state of Minas Gerais in the Mata da Corda mountains municipality of Rio Paranaíba at an altitude of 1148 meters; on the other face of this mountain chain are the sources of the Abaeté river tributary of the São Francisco River.
 The Izvorul Negru River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
 Fan Fawr (Welsh 'big peak') is a mountain in the Fforest Fawr section of the Brecon Beacons National Park South Wales and over 734 m (2408 ft) high.The summit overlooks the steep eastern face and is marked by a cairn. Unusually the trig point on this hill does not sit at the summit but 600 m to the south-west on a subsidiary spur. The hill is drained to the west by streams flowing into the Afon Dringarth and to the east by streams draining into the Taf Fawr.
 The Tagabo Hills is a volcanic field in the region of Darfur in Sudan. It lies north of the Marrah Mountains and southwest of the larger Meidob Volcanic Field. The Tagabo Hills are also known as the Kutum Volcanic Field after the town of Kutum or the Berti Hills after the Berti people. It contains well-preserved features such as scoria cones thought to be of the late Pleistocene or even as recent as the Holocene.
 The Kreuzberg is one of the Rhön Mountains in southern Germany. It is about 928 m (3045 ft) high and is located in the Bavarian part of the Rhön in the province of Lower Franconia. The Kreuzberg — also referred to as the sacred mountain of the Franconians — is near the town of Bischofsheim an der Rhön in the district Rhön-Grabfeld.
 For the Wash Range & Mountains in the same region see Piute Wash Piute Range (Piute Mountains-southwest)The Piute Valley is a 45-mile (72 km) long north-south valley southeast of Las Vegas Nevada and northwest of Needles. The north of the valley is at Searchlight with some of the valley extending northwest from Searchlight. At the center-north lies Cal-Nev-Ari Nevada.The second valley southeast of Las Vegas borders to the north the endorheic Eldorado Valley with its dry lake.
 The Vistula (/ˈvɪstjʊlə/; Polish: Wisła [ˈvʲiswa]) is the longest and largest river in Poland at 1047 kilometres (651 miles) in length. The watershed (drainage basin) area of the Vistula is 194424 km2 (75068 sq mi) of which 168699 km2 (65135 sq mi) lies within Poland (splitting the country in half).
 The Pârâul Rece is a tributary of the Pârâul Mic in Romania.
 Mount Piddington or Wirindi is a mountain in the Blue Mountains village of Mount Victoria in New South Wales. It has a lookout restrooms and a picnic area at its summit surrounded by a loop road Mount Piddington Road which runs from the summit to Mount Victoria village. It is also the starting point of several bushwalking tracks that descend to the cliffs of Hornes Point and the Fairy Bower reserve.
 The Perdida River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Pierre Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 The Sawbill Creek is a 4.7-mile-long (7.6 km) stream in northeastern Minnesota the United States. It rises at the outlet of Sawbill Lake and is a tributary of the Temperance River.
 National grid reference NN02901560Beochlich (the Living Stone) is the name of a hydro electric project (taken from the burn of the same name) to the south-east of Loch Awe and 9 km north-west of Inveraray. The 6-metre high earth dam was built in 1998.
 The Bonaventure River is a river in the Gaspé Peninsula of Quebec Canada. It rises in the Chic-Choc Mountains and flows south to empty into Baie des Chaleurs near the town of Bonaventure Quebec. The river is about 115 km (71 mi) long.The indigenous Mi'kmaq called the river Wagamet meaning clear water. The river is still noted for its clear cold water making it well known as a great place for Atlantic Salmon fishing and recreational canoeing.The origin of the river's name is uncertain.
 The Wetzsteinhorn (also known as Sex des Molettes) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the lake of Tseuzier in the canton of Valais.
 Caher West Top is the fifth-highest mountain peak in Ireland at 973.4 metres (3194 ft). It is about 500 metres west of Caher East Top and is part of the MacGillycuddy's Reeks of County Kerry. Its grid reference is V789840. Other nearby peaks include: Skregmore The Bones Cnoc Iochtair Carrauntoohil and Beenkeragh.Caher West Top is counted by the Scottish Mountaineering Club as a Furth (a 3000-footer outside Scotland) which is why it is sometimes referred to as one of the Irish Munros.
 The Lingshui River (Chinese: 陵水河; pinyin: Língshuǐ Hé) is a river in Hainan Island China. It rises in Xianfang Mountain of northeastern Baoting Li and Miao Autonomous County and flows eastward across the Lingshui Li Autonomous County to empty into the South China Sea. The river has a length of 73.5 km and drains an area of 1131 square km.
 Leamy Lake (in French: Lac Leamy) is a lake in the Hull sector of Gatineau Quebec Canada. The lake is located just to the south of the Gatineau River and just west of the Ottawa River and is linked to both of them with flowing in from the Gatineau and exiting to the Ottawa. To the south is the Lac de la Carrière a former quarry that is now a lake that is also linked.The lake is named after Andrew Leamy an Irish settler in the region who operated a mill near the lake.
 The Codòzinho River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Oudon is a 103.2 km (64.1 mi) long river in the Mayenne and Maine-et-Loire départements western France. Its source is near La Gravelle. It flows generally south east. It is a right tributary of the Mayenne into which it flows between Le Lion-d'Angers and Grez-Neuville.Its main tributary is the Verzée.
 Pauli is a lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It lies about halfway between the lunar equator and southern pole across the southern rim of the larger walled plain Roche.This crater has a well-defined outer rim that is only mildly worn by impact erosion. A small crater lies on the inner side along the south and another on the opposite face of the crater to the north.
 The River Trothy (Welsh: Afon Troddi) is a river which flows through north Monmouthshire in rural south east Wales.The river rises on Campston Hill northeast of Abergavenny. It flows southwards until Llanvapley where it turns east. At Monmouth the river joins into the River Wye about 0.5 km downstream from the mouth of the River Monnow.
 The Yendegaia River originates from the terminus of Stoppani Glacier in Cordillera Darwin located at southwestern Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego.
 Mount Institute 1538 ft. is a peak located in Hawley Massachusetts just south of the village of Charlemont.
 The Conger Range also called the Conger Mountains is a mountain range in Quttinirpaaq National Park on Ellesmere Island Nunavut Canada beginning about 16 km (10 mi) west of Mount Osborne. It is part of the Arctic Cordillera which is a vast dissected mountain system extending from Ellesmere Island to the northernmost tip of Labrador and northeastern Quebec. The Conger Range is a structural extension of the Garfield Range and continues into the highlands north of the head of Hare Fiord.
 Lake Kirikumäe (Estonian: Kirikumäe järv) is a lake of Estonia.
 Arrow Creek is a tributary of the Missouri River in Montana in the United States. Approximately 45 miles (73 km) long it rises in the Lewis and Clark National Forest near Highwood Baldy in the Highwood Mountains in southern Chouteau County. It flows south then east then northeast and joins the Missouri in the White Cliffs Area on the border between Chouteau and Fergus counties.
 The Neagra River is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 Eschbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Lago di Giacopiane is a lake at Borzonasca in the Province of Genova Liguria Italy.
 Lindston Loch (NS 37272 16195) was a small freshwater loch situated within a glacial 'kettle hole.' The loch lies in the South Ayrshire Council Area Parish of Dalrymple Scotland.
 The River Weaver is a river navigable in its lower reaches running in a curving route anti-clockwise across west Cheshire northern England. Improvements to the river to make it navigable were authorised in 1720 and the work which included eleven locks was completed in 1732.
 The Hohmädli (2021 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Oberwil in the canton of Bern. It lies east of the Widdersgrind on the range between the valleys of Morgete and Simmental.
 Jessie Lake is a kettle lake in east-northern Alberta Canada.The northern shore of Jessie Lake borders the town of Bonnyville and extends almost five kilometres from east to west. On the west side it is intersected by a tertiary highway running south to the community of Kehewin. To the east it is intersected by a causeway and small bridge comprising part of the eight kilometre hard surface trail which circumnavigates the lake.
 The Appenzell Alps are a mountain range in Switzerland on the northern edge of the Alps. They extend into the cantons of Appenzell Ausserrhoden Appenzell Innerrhoden and St. Gallen and are bordered by the Glarus Alps to the west and the Rätikon to the south-east.
 The San Antonio River (Spanish Río San Antonio Portuguese Rio Santo Antônio; also called San Antonio Guazú) is a tributary of the Iguazu River. The San Antonio River forms the border between Misiones Province in Argentina and Paraná State in Brazil. South of the San Antonio's source near Barracão the international border continues south along the Pepiri-Guazu River which forms the border between Misiones Province and Santa Catarina State.
 The Barna River is a tributary of the Someșul Cald River in Romania.
 The Passo Fundo River (Portuguese Rio Passo Fundo) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Uruguay River.
 The Assa (Tsirtslovn-Tskhali Russian: Асса Цирцловн-Цхали Georgian: ასა Chechen: Iaьса-хи Ingush: Эса-хий) is a right tributary of the Sunzha River in Georgia and Russia. It is located in Dusheti Municipality of Mtskheta-Mtianeti Georgia; and in Dzheyrakhsky and Sunzhensky Districts of Ingushetia and in Sunzhensky and Achkhoy-Martanovsky Districts of Chechnya Russia.
 Lake Trichonida (Greek: Λίμνη Τριχωνίδα - Limni Trichonida Ancient Greek: Λίμην Τριχωνίς - limen Trichonis) is the largest natural lake in Greece. It is situated in the eastern part of Aetolia-Acarnania southeast of the town Agrinio and northwest of Nafpaktos.
 The Östliche Marzellspitze is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Monte Faito is a mountain in the Monti Lattari a small chain in the Campanian Pre-Apennines in the Sorrentine Peninsula southern Italy. It has an elevation of 1131 m.It is mostly composed of limestone rocks and has steep walls directly ending into the sea of the Gulf of Salerno. The name derives from the local dialect faggeto referring to the great numbers of beeches in the mountain area.Monte Faito can be reached through a cable car from Castellammare di Stabia.
 Kotzen is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Curuá Una River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Akobo River is a river on the border between South Sudan and Ethiopia. From its source in the Ethiopian Highlands near Mizan Teferi it flows west for 434 kilometres (270 mi) to join the Pibor River. The Pibor flows into the Sobat River which in turn empties into the White Nile.The tributaries of the Akobo river include the Cechi the Chiarini and the Owag on the right or Ethiopian side; and the Neubari Ajuba and Kaia on the left or South Sudanese side.
 Kastenkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Crucea River is a tributary of the Dunărea River in Romania.
 The Usa is a river that is 34 km (21 miles) long in Hesse Germany. It is right tributary of the Wetter which it joins at the outskirts of Friedberg. The principal towns along the river are Usingen Bad Nauheim and Friedberg.
 The Moche River is one of the rivers of the Pacific Ocean slope located in the northern coast of Peru in La Libertad Region. On both sides of this river is the milenary Moche Valley. The Moche river goes through east to west the metropolitan area of Trujillo and its mouth is located in the Pacific Ocean in the limits of Moche and Victor Larco both towns of Trujillo city.
 The Henry Mountains are located in the southeastern portion of the U.S. state of Utah and run in a generally north-south direction extending over a distance of about 30 miles (50 km). They were named by Almon Thompson in honour of Joseph Henry the first secretary of the Smithsonian Institution. The nearest town of any size is Hanksville Utah which is north of the mountains. The Henry Mountains were the last mountain range to be added to the map of the 48 contiguous U.S.
 The Vaslui River is a tributary of the Oltişor River in Romania. The upper course of the river is also known as Văsluieț River
 The Stormberg is a range of mountains situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa are an easterly extension of the Bamboesberge and form an outlier of the greater Drakensberg mountain range. They form part of the 'Amatola and Stormberg' region which includes major towns like Grahamstown East London and Port Alfred.Towns in the Stormberg Mountains include Jamestown Molteno Dordrecht Barkly East Rhodes and Steynsburg.
 Chanctonbury Ring (known as Chanklebury in Sussex dialect) is a hill fort based ring of trees atop Chanctonbury Hill on the South Downs on the border of the civil parishes of Washington and Wiston in the English county of West Sussex. A ridgeway now part of the South Downs Way runs along the hill. Bertrand Russell once remarked that any view that includes Chanctonbury Ring is a good view.
 Artemis is a tiny lunar impact crater located in the Mare Imbrium. Craters of this dimension typically form cup-shaped excavations on the surface of the Moon. It lies near the midpoint between the craters Euler to the west and Lambert to the east. Just a few kilometers to the southeast is the even smaller Verne.It is named after Artemis Greek goddess of the moon.
 The Tabatinga River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Orbai River is a headwater of the Ojdula River in Romania.
 The Arc is a 128-kilometre-long (80 mi) river in the Savoie département of south-eastern France. It is a left tributary of the Isère River which it joins at Chamousset approximately 15 km (9.3 mi) downstream from Albertville. Its source is near the border with Italy in the Graian Alps northeast of Bonneval-sur-Arc. The valley of the Arc the Maurienne is an important transport artery between France and Italy.
 Phoebes Lake is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Herjangsfjorden or Herjangen (Northern Sami: Hearjjak) is a fjord branch of the Ofotfjorden in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. The 10-kilometre (6.2 mi) long fjord is located just north of the Rombaken fjord. The villages along the fjord are Bjerkvik and Herjangen. The European route E06 and European route E10 highways run along the northern and eastern shores of the fjord.
 The Broken Hills are a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 The Șorogari River (previously called Cacaina River) is a tributary of the Bahlui River in eastern Romania. The Vânători and Cârlig dams are located on the river.
 Mount Usu (有珠山 Usu-zan) is an active stratovolcano in the Shikotsu-Toya National Park Hokkaidō Japan. It has erupted four times since 1900: in 1910 1944–45 (which created Shōwa-shinzan) August 7 1977 and on March 31 2000. To the north lies Lake Toya. Mount Usu formed on the southern rim of the caldera containing the lake.Mount Usu and Shōwa-shinzan are major tourist attractions in the Shikotsu-Toya National Park.
 Conneaut Creek /ˈkɒni.ɒt/ is a 43.5-mile (70.0 km) tributary of Lake Erie in northwestern Pennsylvania and northeastern Ohio in the United States. Via Lake Erie the Niagara River and Lake Ontario it is part of the watershed of the St. Lawrence River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean.Conneaut Creek rises in western Crawford County Pennsylvania and initially flows north-northwestwardly past Conneautville into western Erie County.
 Deokgasan is a mountain in the city of Wonju Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 832 m (2730 ft).
 Basin is the ninth-highest peak of the High Peaks Region in the Adirondack Park in New York USA. The peak was named by Verplanck Colvin for several basins formed between knobs on its slopes. It is located in the High Peaks Wilderness Area. A basin is an area of land enclosed by higher land.Basin Mountain is one of the highest peaks in the Great Range.Basin Mountain can be climbed from many trailheads in the Adirondacks.
 Pihlajavesi is a lake in Finland. The area of the lake is 712.59 km² making it the sixth largest lake in the country. Pihlajavesi is the second-largest basin in the complex Saimaa lake system. Pihlajavesi lacks large open lake areas but has more islands than any other lake in Finland.
 The Huma River is a right tributary on the northern loop of the Amur River in China's province of Heilongjiang. It starts in the Greater Khingan Mountains and flows in a general eastern and south-eastern direction parallel and southwest of the Amur until falling into the Amur in Huma County at 51.617°N 126.697°E﻿ / 51.617; 126.697 about 10 km south of Huma County's county seat.Somewhere near its mouth was the Russian fort of Kumarsk at the time of the Russian–Manchu border conflicts.
 Bhabha is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southern part of the Moon's far side. It is nearly attached to the southeast rim of the larger crater Bose and the outer rampart of that crater has produced a slight inward bulge along the northwest face of Bhabha. Other nearby craters of note include Stoney to the east and Bellinsgauzen to the south.This is a relatively fresh crater with a nicely terraced inner wall.
 Fontenelle is a lunar crater that is located along the northern edge of Mare Frigoris in the northern part of the Moon. To the northeast is the remnant of the crater Birmingham. Due to its location this crater appears oval in shape when observed from the Earth because of foreshortening.The rim of this crater is generally circular but the edge is irregular and in some locations has a notched appearance. This is particularly true along the southwest and the eastern edges.
 Akste is a lake of Estonia.
 The Vârtop River is a tributary of the Baboia River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Ștreaurilor is a tributary of the Rudari River in Romania.
 Burgholzbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bumping River is a tributary of the Naches River in Washington in the United States. It flows down the east side of the Cascade Range through Wenatchee National Forest and the William O. Douglas Wilderness. From its source at Fish Lake near Crag Mountain it flows northeast to Bumping Lake a natural lake enlarged and regulated by Bumping Lake Dam. Below the dam the Bumping River continues flowing northeast.
 Nakauvandra River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Lincoln Mountains is a mountain range in southeastern Alaska United States located on the Alaskan side of the Portland Canal between the Salmon River and the Soule River near the community of Hyder. It has an area of 235 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 Moraine Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Moraine Lake is in a remote section of the park and well off any designated trails. During warmer months melt from both the Inspiration and Forbidden Glaciers flow into Moraine Lake. Mount Torment is less than 1 mi (1.6 km) south of the lake.
 The River Styx is a 0.6-mile-long (1.0 km) stream in Marquette County Michigan in the United States. It flows from the outlet of Ives Lake north over a waterfall to Third Lake an arm of Pine Lake. Via the Pine River (the outlet of Pine Lake) water from the River Styx flows to Lake Superior.
 Fourpole Creek is a 4.8-mile-long (7.7 km) tributary of the Tug Fork belonging to the Ohio River and Mississippi River watersheds. It is located in McDowell and Mingo counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia. Fourpole Creek forms the boundary between McDowell and Mingo counties.
 The Panachaiko (Greek: Παναχαϊκό from παν- all and αχαϊκόν Achaean) also known as Vodias (Βοδιάς) in the Middle Ages is a mountain range in Achaea southern Greece. It spans about 20 km in length from north to south and 15-20 km from east to west. It is the northernmost mountain range in the Peloponnese.
 De Vries is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon relative to the Earth. It lies about mid-way between the craters Racah to the north-northwest and Orlov to the south-southeast. An nameless walled plain lies between De Vries and Orlov with the perimeter of this feature joining the two rims.This crater is not significantly eroded although a small crater is attached to the exterior of the northern rim.
 The Tarka River is a river in the Eastern Cape South Africa. Along with the Baviaans River Grootbrak River and Kat River it is a major eastern tributary of the Great Fish River. The Lake Arthur Dam and the Kommandodrif Dam are located in this river. The latter is included in the Commando Drift Nature Reserve.The Tarka river is part of the Fish to Tsitsikama Water Management Area.
 Noonmark Mountain is a 3556-foot (1084 m) mountain near St. Huberts in the High Peaks region of the Adirondacks in New York USA. The prominent peak provides 360-degree views including the Great Range the Dix Range Giant Mountain the Ausable River valley and the village of Keene. When seen from the nearby hamlet of Keene Valley where it dominates the view the peak of Noonmark Mountain is more or less directly beneath the sun at mid-day.There are two trails up the mountain.
 Mount Merbuk is a 1386-metre (4547 ft) high volcano in Bali Indonesia.
 The Roteflue (also spelled Rotefluh) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Lake Brienz in the Bernese Oberland. It is located west of the Faulhorn.
 The Ugum River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Hāmūn-e Helmand (also known as Hāmūn-e Hīrmand “Lake Hāmūn” Hamoun Oasis Persian: دریاچه هامون‎ Daryācheh-ye Hāmūn or Daryācheh-ye Sīstān (“Lake Sīstān”)) is a shallow marshy lake (or lagoon) or hāmūn located in the Sistan region of eastern Iran near the Afghanistan border. It is fed by the Helmand River which starts in the Hindu Kush mountains in Afghanistan.
 Lake Muir is a lake with a larger surrounding wetlands area in the South West region of Western Australia often known as the Lake Muir - Unicup System. It lies near the Muirs Highway North of Walpole and south-east of Manjimup and is 46 km2 in area.
 The Argun River (Russian: Аргу́н Chechen: Orga Georgian: არღუნი - arghuni) flows through the northern Caucasus Georgia and the Chechen Republic of Russia. It is an affluent of the Sunzha and lies within the river basin of the Terek. The river has its sources on the northern slopes of the Caucasus in Georgia. The Argun flows in western Chechnya through Itum-Kalinsky and Shatoysky Districts.
 The Dossen is a mountain in the Bernese Alps overlooking Rosenlaui in the Bernese Oberland. It is located east of the Rosenlaui Glacier. The Dossen is composed of two summits: the northern summit (3138 m) and southern summit (3144 m).The Dossenhütte (owned by the Swiss Alpine Club) is used on the normal route.
 Tagalaht (Swedish: Taggaviken) is a bay in the Baltic Sea on the north-west coast of Saaremaa Island in Estonia situated between the Tagamõisa Peninsula (German: Hundsort) and Ninase (Cape Ninnast). During World War I the bay guarded by Russian beach forts at Hundsort and Ninnast was the main landing point for German troops during Operation Albion in October 1917 when Saaremaa was occupied.
 The Valea lui Sânpătru River ( Hungarian:Szentpéter-pataka ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Valea Racilor River is a tributary of the Pănicerul River in Romania.
 Sali River is an important tributary of Damodar River that drains the northern part of Bankura district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It originates a few miles west of Kora hill halfway between Mejia and Bankura and joins the Damodar at Samsar village in Indas police station.
 Gibbet Hill at Hindhead Surrey is a hill above the Devil's Punch Bowl not far from the A3 London to Portsmouth road in England. It is the second highest point in Surrey after Leith Hill.
 Ben Cruachan (Gaelic: Cruach na Beinne) is a 1126 m mountain that is the highest point in Argyll and Bute Scotland. It gives its name to the Cruachan Dam a pumped-storage hydroelectric power station located in a cavern inside the mountain Cruachan! is the Battle cry for Highland clans Campbell and MacIntyre.It is the high point of a ring of mountains known as the Cruachan Horseshoe that surrounds the power station reservoir.
 White Mountain Peak (or simply White Mountain) at 14252 feet (4344 m) is the highest peak in the White Mountains of California the highest peak in Mono County and the third highest peak in the state after Mount Whitney and Mount Williamson. It is the fourteenth most topographically prominent peak in the contiguous United States.
 Buckenbowra River a perennial river of the Clyde River catchment is located in the upper ranges of the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Koshtan-Tau (Russian: Коштан-тау; Karachay-Balkar: Къоштан-тау means paired mountain) is the highest peak of the Koshtan massif of the central Caucasus Mountains in the Kabardino-Balkaria Republic of Russia near the border with Georgia. The peak was first ascended in 1889 by Herman Woolley and party.
 Monticello is a reservoir in the U.S. state of South Carolina built to provide water for the Virgil C. Summer Nuclear Generating Station. It is located in Jenkinsville. While it does not dam any major rivers its outflow flows directly into Parr Reservoir an artificial lake created along the Broad River via the Fairfield Pumped Storage power station.The lake is mainly used to cool the turbines of a nearby nuclear power plant. It is famous locally for its catfishing as some 60 lb.
 The Mataroa River is a river of New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Northland Region's Whakapara River which it meets close to the settlement of Opuawhanga.
 Crane Creek is a 3.3-mile-long (5.3 km) stream in Melbourne Florida United States. It is a tributary of the Indian River with its mouth in the vicinity of Front Street.
 Schwülme is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Redgrave-Pinsent Rowing Lake is a rowing lake in the United Kingdom named after the Olympic rowers Sir Steve Redgrave and Sir Matthew Pinsent. The lake and its boathouse are specifically designed for training use and will provide training medical and scientific facities for the GB rowing squad and for Oxford University in preparation for the Boat Race.
 The Bulătău River is a tributary of the Ața River in Romania.
 Zeta (Cyrillic: Зета pronounced [zɛ̂ta]) is a river in Montenegro. It starts near Nikšić under the Planinica hill flows eastwards for 86 km (53 mi) until it confluences into the Morača River just north of Podgorica.
 Marble Arch Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Mangdeokbong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 928 metres.
 The Nera (Romanian: Nera Serbian: Nera or Нера Hungarian: Néra) is a 124-kilometre (77 mi) long river running through Romania and Serbia and the left tributary of the Danube.
 Río Cuilco is a river in Guatemala. The river's sources are located in the Sierra Madre just north of Cajolá where it is called Río Blanco. The Río Blanco joins the Las Manzanas River which in turn joins the San Isidro River to form the Cuilco river.
 Lake Paliastomi (Georgian: პალიასტომი also transliterated as Paleaostom) is a small lake near the city of Poti Georgia connected to the Black Sea by a narrow channel. Its surface area is 17.3 km² and the mean depth is 2.6 m. Some ancient pieces of Colchis have been found near and in the lake by archaeologists. It is also an important fishery site.The lake is included within the boundaries of the Kolkheti National Park. [1]
 The Gadar River rises in the Iranian Zagros Mountains near the point where the borders of Iran Turkey and Iraq meet. From its source the river first flows towards the southeast and then changes course due east through the Ushnu-Solduz valley. After leaving the valley the river turns north and flows into marshes bordering Lake Urmia.
 Lake Wanaka is located in the Otago region of New Zealand at an altitude of 300 metres. Covering an area of 192 km2 (74 sq mi)[citation needed] it is New Zealand's fourth largest lake and estimated to be more than 300 m (980 ft) deep. Its name is Māori a corruption of Oanaka ('The place of Anaka' a local tribal chief).Wanaka is a town on the lake with which it shares its name.
 Rapid Creek is a tributary of the Cheyenne River approximately 86 mi (138 km) long in South Dakota in the United States.It rises in southwestern South Dakota in the Black Hills National Forest in the Black Hills in Pennington County. It flows east is joined by Castle Creek past Silver City and through the Pactola Reservoir.
 Wapelbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Umbuzerio River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 Phong Nha Cave is a cave in Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng National Park a UNESCO World Heritage Site in Quảng Bình Province Vietnam. It is 7729 metres long and contains 14 grottoes as well as a 13969 metre underground river. While scientists have surveyed 44.5 kilometres of passages tourists are only allowed to explore the first 1500 metres. It is the second biggest cave in Vietnam.
 Coxs Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Rondout Creek is a 63.3-mile-long (101.9 km) tributary of the Hudson River in Ulster and Sullivan counties New York USA.
 The Knik River /kˈnɪk/ is a 25-mile-long (40 km) river in the U.S. state of Alaska. Its source is at Knik Glacier from which it flows northwest and west and empties into the head of Cook Inlet's Knik Arm near the mouth of the Matanuska River. It is bridged twice (old and new bridges) where the Old Glenn Highway crosses it near the Butte and also bridged on the Hayflats. It is characterized by a broad flat plain with a bed of finely ground gravel and sand and silt.
 Gurnigel Pass (el. 1608 m.) is a high mountain pass in the canton of Bern in Switzerland.It connects Riggisberg and Zollhaus.The pass is the venue for an annual cross-country race.
 Ash Lake is a lake of Guysborough District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Medina Lake is a reservoir on the Medina River in the Texas Hill Country of the United States. It is operated by the Bexar/Medina/Atascosa County Agricultural District. Medina Dam was completed in 1913 in a privately financed project creating the lake to supply irrigation water for local agricultural use. Lake Medina is in northeastern Medina County and southeastern Bandera County about 40 miles (64 km) northwest of San Antonio.It is a crescent-shaped reservoir running west to east.
 Mommur Chasma is the largest 'canyon' on the known part of the surface of Uranus' moon Oberon. This feature probably formed during crustal extension at the early stages of moon's evolution when the interior of Oberon expanded and its ice crust cracked as a result. The canyon is an example of graben (rift valley) or scarp produced by normal fault(s).
 There are several Stormy Lakes:One is in Haliburton County Ontario. It is the highest lake in the area. Its level does not drop when the Trent Severn Waterway needs water to stay open. This makes it uniquely desirable. See stormylake.ca for detailsAnother is: Stormy Lake also known as Patterson Lake (in the Almaguin Highlands) is located on north east boundary of the Restoule Provincial Park in Patterson Township Ontario Canada.
 Lake Braddock is a reservoir in the community of Burke in Fairfax County Virginia USA. Lake Braddock is created by an impoundment on a tributary stream of Pohick Creek itself a tributary of the Potomac River.
 Place Fell is a hill in the English Lake District. It stands at the corner of the upper and middle reaches of Ullswater with steep western flanks overlooking the villages of Glenridding and Patterdale.
 The Grand Som Martel (1337 m) is a mountain of the Jura located between Le Locle and Les Ponts-de-Martel in the canton of Neuchâtel.
 The Valea Sălaşelor River is a tributary of the Huza river in Romania.
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Ungureni River in Romania.
 Pambula River is an open semi-mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Lang Lang River is a perennial river of the Western Port catchment located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Lake Hillcrest is a lake in Madison County Illinois United States.
 The Lola River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 Lake Murray is a 5700-acre (23 km2) lake in south central Oklahoma near Ardmore named for Oklahoma Governor William H. Murray. It was created by damming Anadarche and Fourche Maline Creeks.The lake is wholly within Lake Murray State Park Oklahoma's largest state park containing over 12500 acres (51 km²) of relative wilderness.
 Grøntjernkollen is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Zschonerbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Mount Dulang-dulang dubbed by Filipino mountaineers as D2 is one of the high elevation peaks in the Kitanglad Mountain Range located in the north central portion of the province of Bukidnon in the island of Mindanao.
 The Moşuni River is a tributary of the Valea River in Romania.
 The Small Jažinačko Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i vogël i Jazhincës; Serbian: Мало Јажиначко језеро Malo Jažinačko jezero) is a small lake on the Šar Mountains in Kosovo. The Small Jažinačko Lake is 2200 m (7218 ft) above sea level and has a maximum length of 50 m (164 ft) and a maximum width of 30 m (98 ft). The lake is surrounded by large rocks.
 The Red River is a river of Grenada.
 Pizzo Camino (Pis Camì) is a mountain in the Bergamo Prealps with a height of 2492 metres (8176 ft).It belongs to the massif dividing the upper Val di Scleve from the upper Val Camonica together with the Concarena and the Cimone della Bagozza. It is on the boundaries between the provinces of Brescia and Bergamo.The summit is composed from limestone rocks formed in the middle Triassic period from the former Tethys Ocean. The lower sides have instead a more sandstone-marl composition.
 Wannon River is a river in Victoria Australia. It is a tributary of the Glenelg River and its total length is approximately 220 kilometres (137 mi) from its headwaters in the Grampians north of Dunkeld where it joins with the Glenelg River south of Casterton.The river passes alongside Dunkeld and through the townships of Cavendish and Wannon.
 Mount Orient 955 feet (291 meters) is a south-facing high point on an upland plateau overlooking the Connecticut River Valley in Pelham Massachusetts (near Amherst Massachusetts). Although the summit is wooded a lower south-facing ledge of exfoliating metamorphic rock provides views of the Holyoke Range and the east-central Pioneer Valley. Both the Metacomet-Monadnock Trail and the Robert Frost Trail (Massachusetts) traverse Mount Orient.
 Cork Harbour (Irish: Cuan Chorcaí) is a natural harbour and river estuary at the mouth of the River Lee in County Cork Ireland. It is one of several which lay claim to the title of second largest natural harbour in the world by navigational area (after Port Jackson Sydney). Other contenders include Halifax Harbour in Canada and Poole Harbour in England. The largest non-navigational harbour and the largest natural harbour in the world is New Zealand's Kaipara Harbour at 947 km².
 The Timișul Sec de Sus River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Timișul Sec Mic River
 The White River is a major headwaters tributary of the Kootenay River in southeastern British Columbia Canada. The river is 65 kilometres (40 mi) long and drains an isolated area of the Canadian Rockies east of the village of Canal Flats.It rises at Sylvan Pass in a precipitous glacial basin in Height of the Rockies Provincial Park. It flows southwards through a deep valley along the Park Ranges then swings southwest to receive the North Fork from the right.
 Bolton Lakes is a lake in the Ottawa River drainage basin in Central Frontenac Frontenac County Ontario Canada. It is about 5.2 kilometres (3.2 mi) long and 0.5 kilometres (0.3 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 214 metres (702 ft) 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) northwest of the community of Sharbot Lake and 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) north of Highway 7. The primary outflow is Bolton Creek which flows via the Fall River and then the Mississippi River into the Ottawa River.
 The Dongping Lake(Chinese: 东平湖; pinyin: Dōngpíng Hú) is a freshwater lake in Shandong Province of China. It is situated in Dongping County in the west of Shandong Province south of the lower reaches of Yellow River. The lake has a total area of about 148 square kilometers.
 The Pardinho River is a river located in the state of Rio Grande do Sul Brazil having a length of 107 km.
 Vuosjärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland in northern Central Finland Kannonkoski and Viitasaari. The water flows from Lake Kivijärvi throgh Hilmo Power Station and the water continues to the Huopanankoski rapids. Near the power station there are Hilmonjoki rapids too. The lake is quite shallow and good for fishing lake forells and zanders.
 East Little Paul Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Aramá River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Carrao River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Dodeuramsan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. It is within the boundaries of the city of Icheon. Dodeuramsan has an elevation of 394 m (1293 ft).
 Monte Colombine is a mountain of Lombardy Italy It has an elevation of 2215 metres (7267 ft).
 Brombach (Schwäbische Rezat) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Schwarza (Ilm) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Yahtse Glacier is a 40-mile-long (64 km) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins on the southeast slope of Mount Miller and trends southeast along the north border of Guyot Glacier to Icy Bay just east of Guyot Hills and 70 miles (113 km) northwest of Yakutat. The western extent is an icefield.
 Pen Park Hole is a large cavern situated underground at the edge of Filton Golf Course. The cavern was discovered accidentally in the 17th Century. The first descent into the hole was by Captain Sturmy on the second of July in the year 1669.The entrance is adjacent to the Southmead and Brentry housing estates of north Bristol.
 Mount Tzouhalem is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada 4 kilometres east-northeast of Duncan in the municipality of North Cowichan. It is situated between Quamichan Lake Maple Bay and Cowichan Bay.The mountain is part of the municipal forest lands. Part of the mountain is an 18-hectare ecological reserve. It is popular with hikers and mountain bikers.
 Seebergkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The North Pennine Ring is a canal ring which crosses the Pennines between Manchester Leeds and Castleford. It follows parts of five canals and shares much of its route with the Outer Pennine Ring which uses a different route for the southern crossing of the Pennines.
 The Bretila River is a tributary of the Bistriţa Aurie River in Romania.
 Izvorul Dealului is a tributary of the Neajlov River. It rises from the Great Romanian plain and joins Neajlov River near Dealu.
 Llyn Arenig Fawr is a lake and reservoir located near the summit of Arenig Fawr a mountain in North Wales. The lake's primary purpose is to supply water to the nearby town of Bala and the numerous small villages in the surrounding area.
 Eufaula Lake is a reservoir in Oklahoma. It is located on the Canadian River 27 mi (43 km) upstream from its confluence with the Arkansas River and near the town of Eufaula. The lake covers parts of McIntosh County Pittsburg Haskell and Okmulgee counties and drains 47522 square miles (123080 km2). Water sources include the Canadian North Fork Canadian and Deep Fork rivers.
 The Goulter River is a river in the Marlborough region of New Zealand. It rises in the Richmond Range near Lake Chalice. The lake was formed by a landslip about 2000 years ago which dammed the river. The lake has no outlet but water seeps through the landslip rubble into the Goulter. The river flows counter-clockwise around Mount Patriarch to join the Wairau River.The river was discovered by Cyrus Goulter Joseph Ward and Harry Redwood in 1857.
 The Lauter (in its upper course also: Wieslauter) is a river in Germany and France left tributary of the Rhine. Its length is 55 km. It is formed by the confluence of two headstreams (Scheidbach and Wartenbach) north of Hinterweidenthal in the Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
 The Furnica Mare River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Lezha (Olidovka Russian: Лежа Олидовка) is a river in Gryazovetsky Vologodsky and Mezhdurechensky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Sukhona River. It is 178 kilometres (111 mi) long and the area of its basin 3550 square kilometres (1370 sq mi).
 Mount Tarawera is the volcano responsible for one of New Zealand's largest historic eruptions. Located 24 kilometres southeast of Rotorua in the North Island it consists of a series of rhyolitic lava domes that were fissured down the middle by an explosive basaltic eruption in 1886 which killed an estimated 120 people. These fissures run for about 17 kilometres northeast-southwest.The volcano's component domes include Ruawahia Dome (the highest at 1111 metres) Tarawera Dome and Wahanga Dome.
 Stewart Peak elevation 13989 ft (4264 m) is a summit in Colorado. The peak is the second highest thirteener (a peak between 13000 and 13999 feet in elevation) in the state. It is located in the La Garita Mountains sub-range of the San Juan Mountains in Saguache County within the La Garita Wilderness. Stewart Peak is the 55th highest peak in Colorado by most standard definitions just missing the list of Colorado fourteeners.
 Pukaranra (Quechua puka red ranra stony / stone hispanicized spelling Pucaranra) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 6147 m (20167 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region south west of the Chinchey.
 Elliðavatn is a lake in Iceland. It is situated in the area of Reykjavík.Not far from it there is the well known natural park Heiðmörk with its hiking and biking trails small forests and lava formations. The eastern shores of Elliðavatn are part of Heiðmörk nature reserve protected by the state.Coming on the hringvegur (Route 1) over the Hellisheiði in the direction of the capital city travelers pass by the lake.
 Greenville Creek is a 44.4-mile-long (71.5 km) tributary of the Stillwater River in southwestern Ohio in the United States. Via the Stillwater River the Great Miami River and the Ohio River its water flows to the Mississippi River and ultimately the Gulf of Mexico. The creek starts in extreme eastern Indiana in Randolph County. It soon flows into Darke County Ohio and joins with a tributary that also starts in Indiana Dismal Creek.
 Lac Dumoine is a lake in Abitibi-Témiscamingue region in southern Quebec Canada.
 Long Island Pond also known as Little Island Pond is a 30-acre (120000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts. The pond is located in the eastern portion of The Pinehills development north of Great Island Pond and south of Beaver Dam Pond.
 Gaulbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Serra da Leba is a mountain range in the province of Huíla in Angola.Located near the city of Lubango Serra da Leba is famous for its altitude for its beauty and also for the Serra da Leba pass.
 The Măra River is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 Lacs d'Étival are two lakes the small lake (petit lac) and the big lake (grand lac) at Étival in the Jura department of France. The lakes are part of the preserve Complexe des bois et du lac de l'Assencière .
 Phyllis Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest road 053.Phyllis Lake is northeast of Washington Peak.
 Gimån is a river in Sweden.
 Drežnička Gradina (Serbian Cyrillic: Дрежничка Градина) is a mountain in western Serbia between cities of Požega and Užice. Its highest peak Gradina has an elevation of 932 m (3058 ft) above sea level.
 The Drachenfels (Dragon Rock) is a hill in the northern part of the Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate) on the forest estate of the county town of Bad Dürkheim. At 570.8 m above sea level it is the highest point of the Palatine Forest north of the Hochspeyerbach - Speyerbach line. The Drachenfels area has been designated as a nature reserve.
 Sulpicius Gallus is a small bowl-shaped lunar crater that lies near the southwestern edge of the Mare Serenitatis. About 10 kilometers to the south and east is the Montes Haemus range that forms the edge of the Serenitatis basin. This crater has a relatively high albedo with a sharp-edged rim that displays little appearance of wear. There is a small rise at the midpoint.
 The Răchitiș I River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania
 Mount Braun is a mountain rising to about 900 metres (3000 ft) forming the northeast extremity of the Sofia Mountains of Alexander Island Antarctica. The feature forms the northeast part of a horseshoe-shaped ridge 3.5 nautical miles (6.5 km; 4.0 mi) east-southeast of Mount Holt. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Lieutenant Commander William K. Braun U.S. Navy C-121J (Super Constellation) aircraft commander Squadron VXE-6 U.S.
 The Tutoko River is a river in New Zealand a tributary of the Cleddau River.
 Vahsel Glacier (53°04′S 73°23′E) is a glacier on the northwestern side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. It flows west into South West Bay between Erratic Point and Cape Gazert. Immediately to the north of Vahsel Glacier is Schmidt Glacier whose terminus is located between Mount Drygalski and North West Cornice. To the south of Vahsel Glacier is Allison Glacier whose terminus is located south of Cape Gazert which separates Allison Glacier from Vahsel Glacier.
 Lavoisier is a lunar crater that is located near the northwestern limb of the Moon at the western edge of the Oceanus Procellarum. It is located to the southwest of the crater von Braun and southeast of Bunsen. Due south of Lavoisier is the disintegrated crater Ulugh Beigh.This is a worn crater formation with several small craters attached to the exterior of the rim. Lavoisier F is a distorted crater that shares a common rim along the southeastern side of Lavoisier.
 Maclaurin is a lunar impact crater that is located in the eastern part of the Moon's near side. It lies just to the southeast of the small Mare Spumans and to the northeast of the prominent crater Langrenus. To the east-southeast is Gilbert.The rim of this crater is perhaps unusual for the number of lesser craters attached to the exterior. Along the northern rim are the lava-flooded Maclaurin O and Maclaurin K.
 The Kuloy (Russian: Кулой) is a river in Totemsky and Verkhovazhsky Districts of Vologda Oblast and Velsky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Vaga River. The length of the river is 206 kilometres (128 mi). The area of its basin 3300 square kilometres (1300 sq mi). Its main tributaries are the Sivchuga River (left) and the Kolenga River (right). The source of the Kuloy is in the Lake Sonduzhskoye north-west of the town of Totma.
 The Evans River is a short river in New Zealand's South Island. It arises near Mount O'Shanessy in the Kaimata Range of the Southern Alps and flows north-west and then south-west joining the Crooked River several kilometres before the latter's outflow into Lake Brunner.The river is on private land.
 Patkhor Peak (also Patkhur Tajik: Паххор) is a mountain in Tajikistan's Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province. At 6083 metres (19957 ft) it is the highest point in the Rushan Range a subrange of the Pamir Mountains.
 Magic Reservoir is a reservoir on the Big Wood River on the border of Blaine and Camas counties Idaho. However most of the reservoir is located in Blaine County. The reservoir and surrounding Bureau of Land Management land offers opportunities for boating fishing camping and hunting among other activities. The reservoir is impounded by Magic Dam which was built in 1910.
 Hardtbach (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Haidel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Kleine Zschirnstein (Little Zschirnstein) is a 472.7 metre high table mountain in the Elbe Sandstone Mountains in Saxony.It is located north of the Großer Zschirnstein above the village of Kleingießhübel. The summit plateau rises gently from east to west and is covered in forest. Whilst the southern end of the table descends gradually there are steep rock faces on the northern side with several free-standing climbing summits.
 Mount Girouard is the highest peak of the Fairholme Range in Banff National Park Canada. Mt. Girouard is located in the Bow River valley south of Lake Minnewanka.The mountain was named in 1904 after Sir Édouard Girouard a railway builder in Africa during the rule of the British Empire.
 Piz Urlaun is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Glarus and Graubünden. It lies on the ridge between the Tödi and the Bifertenstock. Both sides are covered by glaciers.
 The Pine Hills el. 3202 feet (976 m) is a small mountain range east of Miles City Montana in Custer County Montana.
 South Twin Lake Taylor County Wisconsin is located in the Chequamegon-Nicolet National Forest. It is the home of the White Birch regeneration project started by Janet and Carl J. Nelson to support an ecosystem in which white birch sapplings can thrive. In 2008 they retired to Oregon.Around the lake many listening points have been set up for enjoying the lake and the surrounding forest.
 The River Petteril is a river running through the English county of Cumbria.The source of the Petteril is near Penruddock and Motherby from where the young river runs northeast through Greystoke Blencow and Newton Reigny before passing under the M6 motorway after which the river turns north and the motorway roughly follows the course of the river towards Carlisle.Having reached Carlisle the Petteril runs a course through the south east of Carlisle dividing the suburbs of Harraby Upperby and Botcherby before joining the River Eden on its journey to the Solway Firth.
 The Queen Mother Reservoir lies between the M4 and the M25 to the west of London. It is 475 acres (1.92 km2) in size or about 1 km in diameter - making it one of the largest inland areas of water in Southern England. It is managed by Thames Water.This is one of a number of reservoirs to the west of London and was built in 1976. Its water is pumped from the River Thames nearby.
 The Glodu River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
 Aspe peak also known as Pico de la Garganta de Aísa is a mountain in the western Pyrenees of Huesca situated on the west side of the Aragon Valley near the towns of Villanúa (to the south) and Canfranc (to the east). The peak is 2645 metres (8678 ft) AMSL high. It is adjoined to the peak of Zapatilla. The peak towers over the Spanish ski resort of Candanchú and the Somport pass on the border with France. The peak gives its name to the French river Gave d'Aspe and the Aspe Valley.
 The Roc d'Orzival is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Grimentz in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Becs de Bosson on the chain between the Val de Réchy and the Val d'Anniviers.
 Big Sandy Creek is a river in Texas.
 Kang Yatze (elevation 6400 metres (21000 ft)) is a mountain located at the end of the Markha valley in the Himalayas in the Ladakh region of northwest India.The mountain has two main summits the lower western peak (Kang Yatze II) is easier (Alpine PD) and more frequently climbed although lower at about 6200m. The higher eastern peak is the true summit (Kang Yatze I) although less frequently climbed as it is across a technically difficult knife-edge traverse.
 Mynydd Bodafon is the highest point on the island of Anglesey (although not in the county of Anglesey — see Holyhead Mountain). Its summit is also known as Yr Arwydd (the signal). It lies about 2½ miles west of the coastal town of Moelfre and ⅔ of a mile south-west of the hamlet of Brynrefail. The meaning of Bodafon is obscure.
 The Urviș River is a tributary of the Beliu River in Romania.
 The Șieu River or Botiza River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 Kleiner Winterberg is a hill in Saxon Switzerland.
 The Linde (Russian: Линде) is a river in Sakha Republic Russia. It is a left tributary of the Lena River.
 Siegbach (Aar) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Herteș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Kleifarvatn is the largest lake on the Reykjanes peninsula in Iceland situated in the southern part of the peninsula on the fissure zone of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge. The lake can be reached via a track and there are two areas with high temperature that can be found not far from it: Seltún/Krýsuvík and another to the east. The lake's greatest depth is 97 m.
 Upper and Lower Black Moss Reservoirs are reservoirs close to the village of Barley in the Borough of Pendle close to the market town of Burnley England. The reservoirs provide drinking water to Nelson when needed.
 The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 The Chineja River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 Logan Peak commonly referred to as Mount Logan is a peak in the Bear River Mountains a branch of the Wasatch Range. Located 6 miles east-southeast of Logan Utah in the Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest it is the second highest peak overlooking Cache Valley after Mt. Naomi. Logan Peak rises to an elevation of 9710 feet (2960 m). It is served by hiking trails and a narrow unpaved access road suitable only for offroad vehicles.
 Skarddalstinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Gudambong is a mountain of Chungcheongbuk-do South Korea. It has an elevation of 330 metres.
 Little Llangothlin Nature Reserve is a wetland nature reserve lying about 10 km north-east of the rural locality of Llangothlin and some 20 km north-east of Guyra on the Northern Tablelands of the New England region of New South Wales Australia. It contains the 120 ha Little Llangothlin Lagoon part of the smaller Billy Bung Lagoon and was established in 1979 under the NSW National Parks and Wildlife Act 1974.
 Jatuarana River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Mount Hampton is a shield volcano with a circular ice-filled crater occupying much of the summit area. It is the northernmost of the volcanoes which comprise the Executive Committee Range in Marie Byrd Land Antarctica. Discovered by the USAS on a flight December 15 1940 and named for Ruth Hampton Dept. of the Interior member of the USAS Executive Committee. Mapped in detail by USGS from surveys and U.S. Navy trimetrogon photography 1958-60.
 The Guandu River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 Pyhäjärvi is a rather large lake in Pyhäjärvi Finland. It belongs to the Pyhäjoki main catchment area. Pyhäjärvi (meaning: Holy lake) is very common name in Finland. There are 39 lakes with the same name.
 The Gross Fusshorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Oberaletsch Glacier in the canton of Valais. The Fusshörner are a group of peaks located on the south ridge of the Gross Fusshorn. On the east side lies a glacier named Driestgletscher.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania
 Cannaregio is the northernmost of the six historic sestieri (districts) of Venice. It is the second largest sestiere by land area and the largest by population with 13169 people as of 2007. Isola di San Michele the historic cemetery island is associated with the district.
 Bastile Glacier is located on the north slopes of Mount Baker in the North Cascades U.S. state of Washington.
 The Nister is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany a right tributary of the Sieg. It is 64 km long. Its source is in the Westerwald hills near Willingen. It flows south of Bad Marienberg and north of Hachenburg. Near Wissen the Nister flows into the Sieg.
 Tyrrau Mawr or Craig-las is a subsidiary summit of Cadair Idris in the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd northwest Wales. It lies to the west of Cyfrwy and can be climbed by taking a west bearing from the Pony Path at Rhiw Gwredydd. Its north face is a crag known as Craig-las. Below the crags lies Llyn Cregennen with its small island. The reflection of Craig-las from this lake is one of the famous images associated with Snowdonia. The summit is grassy and marked by a few stones.
 The Imuruk Lake volcanic field is a volcanic field in western Alaska United States located in the Bering Land Bridge National Preserve in central Seward Peninsula.
 The Șoimuș River is a tributary of the Sighișoara River in Romania.
 The Jerico River is a 12.8-mile-long (20.6 km) river on the Atlantic coastal plain in the U.S. state of Georgia. It serves as the boundary between Bryan and Liberty counties for its entire length.It rises at the juncture of Jerico Creek and Mount Hope Creek 12 miles (19 km) east of Hinesville and winds through salt marshes and under Interstate 95 ending at its junction with the Laurel View and Belfast rivers two tidal channels that extend to the Medway River an arm of the Atlantic Ocean.
 Mühlenriede is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Casimcea River in Romania.
 Hyndman Peak at an elevation of 12009 feet (3660 m) is the ninth highest peak in Idaho and the highest point in the Pioneer Mountains Sawtooth National Forest and Blaine County. Hyndman Peak is located on the border of Custer and Blaine counties. The towns of Hailey Ketchum and Sun Valley are west of the peak.The first recorded ascent of Hyndman Peak was made in 1889 by W. T. Griswold and E. T. Perkins.
 Namsvatnet (Southern Sami: Nååmesjenjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Røyrvik in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The river Namsen formerly was the primary outlet but the lake has been regulated for hydroelectric generation since 1959 and part of the water is diverted south towards a power station.
 The Caceribu River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Kanin or Canin (Resian: Ćanen Friulian: Mont Cjanine) is a mountain in the Julian Alps on the border of Slovenia and Italy. Its highest summit (Visoki Kanin or Monte Canin Alto) is at 2587 m above sea level. It separates the upper Soča valley in Slovenia from the Resia valley in Italy. On the Slovenian part of the mountain which is part of the Bovec municipality there is an important ski resort the highest in the country.
 Schoolroom Glacier is a small glacier in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. This Teton Range glacier lies adjacent to the south Cascade Canyon trail at an altitude of 10400 ft (3200 m) approximately 12 mi (19 km) from the trailhead at Jenny Lake.
 Shavers Mountain is a high and rugged ridge situated in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia USA. It is about 35 miles (56 km) long north to south and several of its peaks exceed 4000 feet (1200 m) in elevation. Shavers Mountain is notable for being “bookended” at its northern and southern ends by two exceptional natural areas: the Otter Creek Wilderness and the Gaudineer Scenic Area respectively both of which preserve small stands of old growth forest on the mountain.
 Imja Tsho (or Imja Lake) is a glacial lake created after melt water began collecting at the foot of the Imja Glacier in the 1960s. A 2009 study described this lake of melt water as one of the fastest-growing in the Himalaya. Held in place by a terminal moraine Imja Tsho threatens downstream communities with the potential for a glacial outburst flood.Imja Tsho has been identified as one of the potentially dangerous lakes in Himalaya.
 The North Taranaki Bight is the name given to the large bay which extends north and east from the north coast of Taranaki in New Zealand's North Island. The name is echoed by the South Taranaki Bight to the south of Cape Egmont.As with its southern counterpart the size of the bight depends to a large extent on the source referring to it. Strict definitions refer to it stretching from the mouth of the Waitara River 10 kilometres northeast of New Plymouth to the mouth of the Mokau River.
 Whites Creek was once a natural waterway that was concreted to improve sanitation. The Whites Creek storm drain as it is now is located in Annandale New South Wales Australia. It flows in a northerly direction into Rozelle Bay which is a bay of Sydney Harbour.
 Cedar Lake is lake in the Nelson River/Hudson Bay drainage basins in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario Canada.The lake is irregularly-shaped with several large arms. It extends about 12 kilometres (7 mi) east-west and 12.5 kilometres (7.8 mi) north-south. The primary inflow is an unnamed tributary at the south from Double Lake and the primary outflow is the Cedar River at the north to Church Lake.
 Piz Calderas is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking Mulegns in the canton of Graubünden. It is the highest summit of the group located between the Julier and Albula Pass. On its east side lies the Val Bever.
 The Augstmatthorn is a mountain of the Emmental Alps overlooking Lake Brienz in the Bernese Oberland.
 Pizzo di Röd is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking Fusio in the canton of Ticino. It is located on the chain separating the Valle di Peccia from the Val Lavizzara.
 The Pârâul lui Adam River is a tributary of the Sibişel in Romania.
 Hagerman Pass elevation 11925 ft (3635 m) is a high mountain pass that crosses the continental divide in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States.The pass was named for James J. Hagerman builder of the Colorado Midland Railroad. The Colorado Midland railroad crossed the continental divide through one of two tunnels (initially the Hagerman Tunnel later the Busk-Ivanhoe Tunnel at lower altitude) near the top of Hagerman pass.
 Lake Balinsasayao is one of two small but deep crater lakes rising 1000 feet (300 m) above sea level located 12 km (7.5 mi) west of the town of Sibulan in the province of Negros Oriental Philippines. It lies northwest of a narrow mountain ridge situated in a caldera between four mountains Mount Mahungot to the south Mount Kalbasan to the north Mount Balinsasayao to the east and Guintabon Dome to the west. The other lake Lake Danao is situated on the southeast.
 Watch Hill is a small hill lying on the western fringe of the Lake District in England. It should not be confused with another Watch Hill some 19 km to the north-east near Cockermouth which is classified as a Marilyn.
 The Guga River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
 The Eckbach (locally known as the Eck and in the lower reaches also as Neugraben or Leiniger Graben) is a small stream in the northeastern Palatinate and the southeastern Rhenish Hesse. It is slightly over 39 km long.
 The South Tahoma Glacier is a glacier located on the southwest flank of Mount Rainier in State of Washington. It covers 1.1 square miles (2.8 km2) and contains 4.6 billion ft3 (130 million m3) of ice. Starting from an elevation of around 10600 feet (3200 m) at the base of a steep cliff the glacier flows down southwest with the larger adjacent Tahoma Glacier lying to the north. The smaller South Tahoma is connected to the Tahoma at an ice patch located in midway down the South Tahoma.
 Lutter is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Jebel Hagar ez Zarqa is a mountain in Bir Tawil an area near the border between Egypt and Sudan and is said by the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency to be in Egypt. It has an elevation of 662 m (2172 ft).
 Tabai River is a river in northern New Guinea Indonesia.
 The Ulmul River is a tributary of the Gârbava River in Romania.
 The Herculian River is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania.
 The Valea Plopilor River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania. It flows into the Măcin Branch
 Titley Pool is a lake in Herefordshire England. It is situated at Titley 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) north west of the town of Kington. It is a naturally formed kettle lake which was enlarged into a reservoir by the construction of an earth embankment dam at its eastern end during the 18th century as part of the landscaping of the grounds of Eywood House Estate. The lake is one of the largest bodies of open water in the county of Herefordshire and an important wetland ornithological site.
 The Barnett River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
 Korpehaugen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Kinzig (Hessen) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Agstafachay reservoir (Azerbaijani: Ağstafaçay su anbarı) is a large lake in the Agstafa Rayon of northwestern Azerbaijan.
 The Guruslău River is a tributary of the Zalău River in Romania.
 The Țerova River is a tributary of the Brezovița River in Romania.
 The Honțiș River is a tributary of the Sighișoara River in Romania.
 The Șoimușu Mic River is a tributary of the Eliseni River in Romania
 Søverhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 See Green Gables for the fictional farm in Anne of Green Gables.Green Gable is a fell in the English Lake District often traversed by walkers en route to its more famous neighbour Great Gable. It can be ascended from Honister Pass Seathwaite in Borrowdale or Ennerdale. There are good views of Gable Crag Scafell Pike and the Buttermere valley from the summit.
 Storgrønningen is a lake in the municipality of Høylandet in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The extreme southern tip of the lake crosses over the border into Overhalla municipality. It lies about 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) west of the municipal center of Høylandet.
 Columbus Mountain elevation 10253 ft (3125 m) is a summit in the Elkhead Mountains of northern Colorado United States. The mountain is northwest of Steamboat Springs in the Routt National Forest.
 The McConnell River is located in the Kivalliq Region of northern Canada's territory of Nunavut. It drains into Hudson Bay and is the namesake for the McConnell River Migratory Bird Sanctuary.It is home to Snow (Blue) and Canada geese.
 Kachliner See is a lake in Usedom Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 0 m its surface area is 1.00 km².
 Skotjernhaugen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Schwarzer See (Schwarz) is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 58.5 m its surface area is 0.364 km².
 Camas County Highpoint at 10337 feet (3151 m) above sea level is the second highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho and the highest point in Camas County. Located on the border of Blaine and Camas counties Camas County Highpoint is about 0.6 miles (970 m) south-southwest of the range's highest point Saviers Peak. The peak is also on the border of Sawtooth National Recreation Area and the Fairfield Ranger District of Sawtooth National Forest.
 Mont Nabemba is the highest mountain in Republic of the Congo. Located in Sangha Department the mountain has an elevation of 1020 metres (3346 ft).Nabemba Tower in Brazzaville is named after the mountain.
 Lake Van Arsdale also known as Van Arsdale Reservoir is a reservoir on the Eel River in California part of the Potter Valley Project. Located in Mendocino County 4 miles (6.4 km) north of the town of Potter Valley California the reservoir supplies water to users as far south as Marin County.The reservoir is formed by the Cape Horn Dam also known as Van Arsdale Dam which impounds the waters of the Eel River.
 Lake Waccamaw is a unique fresh water lake located in Columbus County in North Carolina. The lake is oval in shape measuring roughly 5.2 miles (8.4 km) by 3.5 miles (5.6 km) covering 8938 acres (3617 ha) surface area with an average depth of 7.5 feet (2.3 m) and a shoreline of about 14 miles (23 km). The marginal 70% of the lake bottom is composed of clear sand whereas the central 30% is overlaid with a deposit of fibrous and pulpy peat.
 The Dobriașul Mic River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 Glade Creek is a major tributary of the New River in Raleigh County West Virginia. Glade Creek lies within the largest side valley off New River in the New River Gorge National River area.
 Aydingkol (Uyghur: ئايدىڭكۆل‎ ULY: Aydingköl) Aydingkul (Mongol) or Ayding (Chinese: 艾丁湖; pinyin: Àidīng Hú) is a lake in the Turpan Depression Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region PR China. At 154 m below sea level it is the fourth lowest land point on Earth (after the shores of the Dead Sea the Sea of Galilee and Lake Assal). This lake is now totally dried and very muddy and salty.In ancient times Ayding Lake was known as juéluòwǎn (觉洛浣).
 The Caniapiscau Reservoir (in French Réservoir de Caniapiscau) is a reservoir on the upper Caniapiscau River in the Côte-Nord administrative region of the Canadian province of Quebec. It is the largest body of water in Quebec and the second largest reservoir in Canada.The Caniapiscau Reservoir formed by two dams and forty-three dikes is the largest reservoir in surface area of the James Bay Project.
 The Ribnica River (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Рибница pronounced [rîbnit͡sa]) is a small river that runs through Podgorica Montenegro. It is a tributary to Morača River their confluence being at the city centre. It is mainly dried up in the summer. Podgorica was known as Ribnica after the Ribnica River in Middle Ages. Today an area of Podgorica Vrela Ribnička is named after the river which flows through the area as well.
 The Văliug River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 The Scott Mountains are a mountain range in Siskiyou County in northwestern California. A high point is Scott Mountain Summit a mountain gap-pass at 5554 feet (1693 m) in elevation.
 Lookingglass Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Oregon located in Union County.
 The Shell River is a 47.8-mile-long (76.9 km) tributary of the Crow Wing River in north-central Minnesota in the United States. Via the Crow Wing River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining a rural region. The river was named for mussel and clam shells found along the river and along Shell Lake its origin.
 San Francisquito Creek (Spanish for Little San Francisco - the little referring to size of the creek not the saint) is a creek that flows into southwest San Francisco Bay in California United States of America. Historically it was called the Arroyo de San Francisco by Juan Bautista de Anza in 1776. San Francisquito Creek courses through the towns of Portola Valley and Woodside as well as the cities of Menlo Park Palo Alto and East Palo Alto.
 Lingmoor Fell is a fell in the English Lake District situated eight kilometres west of Ambleside. The fell reaches a modest height of 469 m (1540 ft) and divides the valleys of Great Langdale and Little Langdale. The fell's name originates from the Old Norse word lyng meaning “heather covered”. The actual summit of the fell is named as Brown How on Ordnance Survey maps.
 Walanae River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 Lake Bohinj (Slovene: Bohinjsko jezero German: Wocheiner See) covering 318 hectares (790 acres) is the largest permanent lake in Slovenia. It is located within the Bohinj Valley of the Julian Alps in the northwestern Upper Carniola region and part of Triglav National Park.
 The Wagner Lakes are lakes located on Vancouver Island at the south end of the Forbidden Plateau.
 The Merești River is a tributary of the Homorodul Mic River in Romania.
 The Donnelly River is a river in the South West of Western Australia.The main tributaries of the Donnelly River are Barlee Brook and Carey Brook.The first European to sight the river was Lieutenant William Preston in 1831.The river was named by James Stirling the Governor of Western Australia in the 1830s after a friend of his family Admiral Sir Ross Donnelly.The river runs primarily through State Forest reserves although 43 land-holdings do have river frontage.
 Lake Barombi Mbo or Barombi-ma-Mbu is a lake near Kumba in the Southwest Region of Cameroon. It is located in the Cameroon volcanic chain and is the largest volcanic lake in this region. It is one of the oldest radiocarbon-dated lakes in Africa. On old colonial maps the area was known as Elefanten Sea (Elephant Lake) but the elephants living in the area were extirpated due to ivory trading.Until now 15 species of fishes have been recorded from the lake.
 Lake Khasan or Lake Hassan (Russian: озеро Хасан; Chinese: 哈桑湖; pinyin: Hāsāng Hú) is a small lake in Khasansky District Primorsky Krai of Russia on the border with North Korea and China 130 km southwest of Vladivostok. It has a surface area of 2.23 km2. The Tanbogatyi River flows from the lake. The lake described as the tight corner where the territories of Korea Manchuria and Russia meet was the site of the Battle of Lake Khasan in summer 1938.
 Pico do Vento is a mountain in the eastern part of the island of São Vicente. It is of volcanic origin. It is situated south of the Ribeira do Calhau valley 12 km southeast of the island capital Mindelo.
 Elämäjärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is situated in Pihtipudas in the area in Keski-Suomi.
 Ruppiner See is a lake in Ostprignitz-Ruppin Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 36.5 m (120 ft) its surface area is 8.25 km2 (3.19 sq mi).
 The Little Vieux Fort River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 The Songacha or Sungacha River (Сунгача) (Chinese: 松阿察河; pinyin: Sōngàchá Hé) is a river marking part of the border between the Russian Federation and the People's Republic of China.
 Grand Lake is Colorado's largest and deepest natural lake. It is located in the headwaters of the Colorado River in Grand County Colorado. On its north shore is located the historic and eponymous town of Grand Lake. The lake fills a glaciated valley that is dammed in part by glacial till from the Pinedale Glaciation and is younger than about 12000 years.
 Schwarzbach (Main) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Wilson Gap originally known as Gregory's Gap is a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountain located on the border of Loudoun County Virginia and Jefferson County West Virginia. The Appalachian Trail crosses the gap. The 1444 feet (440 m) gap once served as a thoroughfare between Round Hill the former terminus of the Washington and Old Dominion Railroad in western Loudoun and the resort communities of Shannondale and Mountain Mission in Jefferson County via the Wilson Gap Road.
 The Michatoya River is a river in Guatemala. It begins in the town of Amatitlán flowing out from the lake of the same name through the towns of Palín Masagua and out into the Pacific Ocean. It has served as one of the principal sources of electricity for Guatemala City. Sometimes it has overflowed its banks flooding the city of Amatitlán until dredging of the riverbed began which so far has prevented further inundation.
 The Negrile River is a tributary of the Ismar River in Romania.
 The Măgura River is a tributary of the Bistriţa Aurie River in Romania.
 Hausdalshorga is a mountain in Bergen Norway near the Gullfjellet mountain massif.
 Mount Scopus (Hebrew הַר הַצּוֹפִים (Har HaTsofim) Arabic: جبل المشارف‎ Ǧabal al-Mašārif lit. Mount Lookout) جبل المشهد Ǧabal al-Mašhad جبل الصوانة) is a mountain (elevation: 2710 feet or 826 meters above sea level) in northeast Jerusalem. In the wake of the 1948 Arab-Israeli War Mount Scopus became a UN protected Israeli exclave within Jordanian-administered territory until the Six-Day War in 1967. Today Mount Scopus lies within the municipal boundaries of the city of Jerusalem.
 Douglas Harbour (Manx: Purt Varrey Ghoolish) is located near Douglas Head on the southern end of Douglas the capital town of the Isle of Man. It is the island's main commercial shipping port.
 Lake Whittington is an oxbow lake located in Bolivar County Mississippi and Desha County Arkansas United States. The Arkansas-Mississippi border follows the center of the narrow curving lake.Prior to 1938 the north-south flowing Mississippi River curved east into Mississippi flowed along Lake Whittington (then called Bolivar Bend) and then continued its north-south route.
 The Sebasticook River is a 76-mile-long (122 km) river in the central part of Maine in the United States. From its source (45°03′17″N 69°13′36″W) in Dexter the upper Main Stream section flows generally west and south 30 miles (48 km) to Great Moose Lake.
 Cima Tosa is a mountain in the Brenta group (It.: Dolomiti di Brenta) a subgroup of the Rhaetian Alps in the Italian Region of Trentino-Alto Adige with a reported height of (3173 metres (10410 ft)) With this altitude the prominence of Cima Tosa would amount up to 1521 meters above the reference point at Passo Carlo Magno near Madonna di Campiglio at 1652 meter. Cima Tosa therefore qualifies as one of Europe's Ultra Prominent Peaks.
 Purple Mountain (Irish: an Sliabh Corcra) is a 832 m (2730 ft) mountain in County Kerry Republic of Ireland. It is a massif that includes three main peaks: Purple Tomies (735m) and Shehy (571m). Purple is the 27th highest peak in Ireland. The mountain is bounded to the west by the Gap of Dunloe which separates it from Macgillycuddy's Reeks. To the south and east are the Lakes of Killarney and to the north is the wide flat valley of the River Laune.
 Ipixuna River (Madeira River) is a river of Amazonas state in northwestern Brazil.
 Horbacher Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Moorabool River is a river in Victoria Australia that runs past several small towns and areas such as Meredith Anakie and Staughton Vale (north-west of Geelong). The river joins with the Barwon River at Fyansford.
 The Cărbunele Negru River (Hungarian: Fekete-Szén patak Hungarian pronunciation:[ˈfɛkɛtɛseːn pɒtɒk] meaning Black Coal stream) of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Hardy Inlet is an inlet that is located in the South West region of Western Australia.The town of Augusta is situated on the South Western shore of the inlet the inlet opens to the Southern Ocean via Flinders Bay. Both the Blackwood River and the Scott River discharge into the north eastern end of the inlet.The inlet is a wave dominated estuary with a high sediment trapping efficiency it is always open to the ocean and the water is turbid.
 Arrhenius is a lunar impact crater that is located just on the far side of the Moon near the southwest limb. In this location the vicinity of the crater can be viewed during favorable librations although it is viewed from on edge. To the south-southeast is the worn crater Blanchard and De Roy lies further to the west.The outer wall of Arrhenius has been somewhat worn and eroded due to a history of minor impacts leaving the rim rounded and low.
 Humpy Peak is a peak located in the Uinta Mountain Range in northern Utah. It is approximately 27.56 miles (44 km) south of Evanston Wyoming and 21.29 miles (34 km) west of Coalville Utah. The peak is 10846 feet (3306 m) in elevation.
 The Swanson River is a stream 40 miles (64 km) long on the Kenai Peninsula of south-central Alaska in the United States. Beginning at Gene Lake in the Swanson Lakes district it flows southwest then north to Number Three Bay on the Gompertz Channel of Cook Inlet.The river's entire course lies within the Kenai National Wildlife Refuge. In its lower reaches it passes through the Swanson River Oil Field east of Nikiski before turning sharply north.
 Rotes Wasser (Ohm) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Mulidișu River is a tributary of the Măgura River in Romania.
 Lai da Nalps is a reservoir in the municipality of Tujetsch Grisons Switzerland. It has a capacity of 45 million m³ and a surface area of 0.91 km². The reservoir is connected to Lai da Sontga Maria and Lai da Curnera in neighboring valleys.
 The Groși River is a tributary of the Tărcăița River in Romania.
 The Catalan Mediterranean System also known as Mediterranean System Transversal Ibero-Pyrenaean System and Catalanid Systemis a wide coastal geographical region in Catalonia. It is made up of a double system of coastal mountain chains: The Catalan Coastal Range and the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range as well as the Catalan Coastal Depression and other coastal and pre-coastal plains located among those mountain ranges.
 Mount Currie known as Ts'zil in the St'at'imcets (Lillooet) language is the northernmost summit of the Garibaldi Ranges in southwestern British Columbia Canada. Its north face dominates the skyline of the Pemberton Valley and is one of the peaks visible from the Whistler-Blackcomb Ski Area just southwest.
 Sarowangga River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Maly Semyachik (Russian: Малый Семячик) is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It is a compound stratovolcano located in a 10-km-wide caldera within the 15x20 km mid-Pleistocene Stena-Soboliny caldera. Three overlapping stratovolcanoes were constructed sequentially along a NE-SW line with the youngest cone Tseno-Semyachik at the southwest end.
 Lake Pass elevation 12218 ft (3724 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Collegiate Peaks of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado in the United States.
 The Pietrosu River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 Piz Julier (also known as Piz Güglia) is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking the Julier Pass in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. With a height of 3380 metres above sea level Piz Julier is the second highest peak (after Piz Calderas) of the group between the Julier Pass and the Albula Pass.Piz Julier can be summited by experienced hikers. From the heights of St. Moritz a trail leads to Fuorcla Albana (2870 metres) the pass between Piz Julier and Piz Albana.
 The Iara cu Sese River is a tributary of the Scocul Urzicarului River in Romania.
 The Mușlău River is a branch of the Rătășel River in Romania. It starts from the Rătășel River downstream of Cociuba Mare and joins it upstream of Tăut
 The Apold River (Hungarian: Nagyapoldi-patak) is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 Wappinger Creek is a 41.7-mile-long (67.1 km) creek which runs from Thompson Pond to the Hudson River at New Hamburg in Dutchess County New York United States. It is the longest creek in Dutchess County with the largest watershed in the county.
 South Lake Halifax is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Snow River is a 28-mile (45 km) tributary of Kenai Lake in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning in the Chugach Mountains of the Kenai Peninsula it flows southwest through Chugach National Forest to near Primrose at the southern inlet of the lake. The river mouth is about 12 miles (19 km) northeast of Seward. Along its final reaches the river intersects the Iditarod Trail and passes under the Seward Highway.
 The Aluniș River is a tributary of the Vițău River in Romania.
 The Seliștat River is a tributary of the Movile River in Romania.
 Kanzel (Bayerischer Wald) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Bilharz is a lunar impact crater that lies in the eastern part of the Mare Fecunditatis. It is the largest member of a close triple-crater formation with Atwood to the east and Naonobu to the northeast. To the southeast is the prominent crater Langrenus.The interior of this crater has been resurfaced by basaltic lava leaving the floor flat shallow and nearly featureless. There is no central peak at the midpoint and little to mark the interior except for a few tiny craterlets.
 Drive Creek is a creek in the Nelson River drainage basin in Kenora District northwestern Ontario Canada. It begins at Drive Lake at an elevation of 396 metres (1299 ft). The creek then takes in its right tributary Tripoli Creek at an elevation of 390 metres (1280 ft) just upstream of its mouth at the Marchington River at the same elevation. The total length of the creek is 2.9 kilometres (1.8 mi).
 Le Métailler is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking the lake of Cleuson in the canton of Valais.
 Osmore River (also Moquegua Ilo or Tumilaca) system flows northeast to southwest in the Moquegua Region of southern coastal Peru. The river has its origin in the snow peaks of the Chuquiananta and Arundane mountains at an elevation of 5100 metres (16700 ft) (above sea level).
 Antietam Creek is a 41.7-mile-long (67.1 km) tributary of the Potomac River located in south central Pennsylvania and western Maryland in the United States a region known as the Hagerstown Valley. The creek became famous as a focal point of the Battle of Antietam during the American Civil War.
 The Pokegama River is a 26.3-mile-long (42.3 km) river in Wisconsin and Minnesota in the United States. It is a tributary of the Saint Louis River joining it in the western part of the city of Superior Wisconsin.
 Zub Lake (70°45′S 11°44′E) is a lake about 0.5 miles (800 m) long lying 1 mile (1600 m) east-southeast of Tsentral'naya Hill in the Schirmacher Hills Queen Maud Land. The feature was mapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition in 1961 and named Ozero Zub (tooth lake) presumably for its shape when viewed in plan. This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document Zub Lake (content from the Geographic Names Information System).
 Bergman is a small lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It is located on the interior floor of the walled plain Mendeleev and is attached to the edge of the inner wall to the northwest. On the same walled basin are the craters Moissan to the south and Richards to the west. The rim of Bergman is roughly circular and the formation is generally bowl-shaped.
 The Germanasca (also in Piedmontese Germanasca) is a 27 km (17 mi) Italian torrent which runs through the Province of Turin. It is a tributary of the Chisone into which it flows near Perosa Argentina. The valley formed by the river is known as Val Germanasca.
 Ukkusissat (old spelling: Uvkusigssat Danish: Store Malene) is a 772 m (2533 ft) mountain in the Sermersooq municipality in southwestern Greenland located to the southeast of Nuuk Airport an airport in Nuuk the capital of Greenland. It is the terminus of a long mountain range of a peninsula jutting into Nuup Kangerlua the longest fjord in southwestern Greenland to the north of Kangerluarsunnguaq Fjord splitting the peninsula into two.
 Okraj (el. 1046 m or 3432 ft) is a mountain pass in Poland and the Czech Republic on the eastern end of Karkonosze separating two side ranges of the mountains. Former checkpoint dismounted in 2007 after the implementation of the Schengen Agreement.There are Polish and Czech mountain huts as well as some hotels and restaurants on the Czech side belonging to the village of Malá Úpa. The pass is accessible with the tarmac road from both sides.
 The Do Imbé River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Riachão River (Bahia) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Lake Băneasa (Romanian: Lacul Băneasa) is a reservoir on the Colentina River at Băneasa in Sector 1 of Bucharest Romania. The lake has a length of 3 kilometers (1.9 miles) a width between 50 meters (160 feet) and 400 meters (1300 feet) a surface area of 40 hectares (0.40 km2) a depth between 1 meter (3.3 feet) and 3 meters (9.8 feet) a volume of 630000 cubic meters (22000000 cubic feet) and a debit of 2.5 m/s.
 East Queen's Line Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Iisvesi is a rather large lake in Finland. The lake consists of three separate basins: Iisvesi Virmasvesi and Rasvanki. Located within Tervo Rautalampi Suonenjoki and northern Kuopio on a sparsely populated area the waters are generally pretty clear.
 The Gschnitzbach has its source near Brenner. It flows from South to North and merges with the Sill River near Steinach am Brenner. It passes through the villages of Trins and Gschnitz.
 Loch Shield (NS 45521 19444) originally Loch of Scheel was a freshwater loch in the East Ayrshire Council Area now drained near Drongan lying in a glacial Kettle Hole Parish of Ochiltree Scotland.
 Puig de la Collada Verda is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 2403 metres above sea level.
 Semeltinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Wheeler Peak Glacier is a glacier situated at the base of Wheeler Peak within Great Basin National Park in the U.S. state of Nevada. At a height of 13063 feet (3982 m) Wheeler Peak is the tallest mountain in the Snake Range and the second tallest mountain in The Great Basin and Nevada. The mountain top is also considered to be a horn a peak carved and shaped by glaciers over a long period of time.
 Lake Oologah is a reservoir in northeastern Oklahoma. It is located near the towns of Oologah Nowata and Claremore. The lake has a surface of 29500 acres (119 km2) of water and209 miles (336 km) of shoreline with 11 lake-side parks. The water storage capacity is rated as 552210 acre feet (681140000 m3). The lake is formed along the Verdigris River and is a source of water for the Tulsa Metropolitan Area.
 Kura (Turkish: Kura Georgian: მტკვარი - Mt'k'vari Azerbaijani: Kür Armenian: Կուր Kurdish; rûbara kur) is a river also known from the Greek as the Cyrus in the Caucasus Mountains. Starting in northeastern Turkey it flows through Turkey to Georgia then to Azerbaijan where it receives the Aras River as a right tributary and enters the Caspian Sea.
 Melzer See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 63.1 m its surface area is 0.291 km².
 Lake Poinsett is one of the largest lakes in the state of South Dakota.The lake is located northeast of the town of Arlington South Dakota. It was named in honor of the U. S. Secretary of War Joel Poinsett. In 1838 the area was first visited by the expedition of Joseph Nicollet and John Fremont who camped on the lake's north shore. Poinsett was instrumental in promoting the expedition.Shoreside housing developments along the lake comprise the census-designated place of Lake Poinsett.
 The Idriciu River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 Lake Ossiach (German: Ossiacher See Slovene: Osojsko jezero) is a lake in the Austrian state of Carinthia situated in the Nock Mountains between the towns of Villach and Feldkirchen. It is the third largest lake in Carinthia superseded only by Lake Wörth and Lake Millstatt.Lake Ossiach is a dimictic lake with mixing periods in spring and in late autumn.
 The New Water Mountains is a mountain range in southwestern Arizona. The range is on the northern border of the Kofa National Wildlife Refuge as well as the northern Kofa Mountains.It is a northwest-southeast trending range about 20 miles long. The southeast third of the range is in the Kofa Refuge and the mountain range merges northwesterly into the Plomosa Mountains of southern La Paz County.
 Mount Takao (高尾山 Takao-san) is a mountain in the city of Hachiōji Tokyo Japan. It is protected within Meiji no Mori Takao Quasi-National Park.Standing 599 metres (1965 ft) tall and located within an hour of downtown Tokyo it is a popular hiking spot with eight hiking courses and more than 2.5 million annual visitors.
 Tatasi River is a Bolivian river in the Potosí Department Sud Chichas Province Atocha Municipality and Tupiza Municipality. It is a left tributary of Tupiza River and belongs to the river basin of the upper Pillku Mayu.From the village Tatasi until joining Tupiza River near Oro Ingenio north west of Tupiza its direction is mainly south east.
 The Ghighiu River is a tributary of the Sărata River in Romania.
 Square Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada due north of Halifax and Bedford towns.
 The Tirimia River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
 The Chariton River is a 218-mile-long (351 km) tributary to the Missouri River in southeast Iowa and northeast Missouri. The river forms in southeastern Clarke County Iowa. It is dammed at 11000-acre (45 km2) Rathbun Reservoir in Appanoose County Iowa and then flows 30 miles (48 km) before entering Missouri where it forms the boundary between Putnam and Schuyler counties. It enters the Missouri River in Chariton County near Keytesville.
 The Valea Văcăriții is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
 Daniels Run is a small stream in the City of Fairfax Virginia. Daniels Run is a tributary of Accotink Creek and joins it south of Fairfax Circle the intersection of Lee Highway (U.S. Route 29) and Arlington Boulevard (U.S. Route 50). It is fed by numerous springs around Fairfax's Greenway Hills neighborhood.
 The Corcodanu River is a tributary of the Boșorogu River in Romania.
 Kuntur Chukuña (Quechua kuntur condorAymara kunturi condor Aymara chukuña to squat to cower squatting condor hispanicized spellings Condor Chucuna Condor Chucuña) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia about 4035 metres (13238 ft) high. It is situated in the Oruro Department Sebastián Pagador Province (which is identical to the Santiago de Huari Municipality) Lukumpaya Canton It lies south east of Poopó Lake south of the village Urmiri and north west of the Jatun Wila Qullu.
 The Barbas River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Tyers River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Rabbit Ears Range (elevation approximately 11000 ft) is a mountain range of the Rocky Mountains in north central Colorado in the United States. The range stretches east-west along the continental divide forming the border between Grand and Jackson Counties separating Middle Park (south) from North Park (north). The range connects the Front Range on the east with the Park Range and the Gore Range on the west. It is traversable at Willow Creek Pass.
 The Clachnacudainn Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains in southeastern British Columbia Canada located within Mount Revelstoke National Park just northeast of Revelstoke.
 Tanew is a river in south-east Poland a tributary of San. It starts in Roztocze hills. Tanew has a length of about 113 km and its catchment area is 2339 km². Its tributaries are: Potok Łosiniecki (R) Jeleń (R) Sopot (R) Szum (R) Łada (R) Wirowa (L) Lubienia (L) Złota Nitka (L) Łazowna (L) and Borowina (L).
 The Buriti River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Sormonne (French: la Sormonne) is a 56.5 km (35.1 mi) long river in the Ardennes département northeastern France. Its source is at Taillette near Rocroi. It flows generally southeast. It is a left tributary of the Meuse into which it flows at Warcq near Charleville-Mézières.
 The Lișcovu Mare River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 The Motuti River is a short wide river in the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. More a silty arm of the Hokianga Harbour than a true river it flows south from the settlement of Motuti to reach the main channel of the Hokianga 10 kilometres west of Rawene.
 Cheat Lake is a 13-mile (21 km) long reservoir on the Cheat River in Monongalia County West Virginia USA. It was originally named Lake Lynn but the Board on Geographic Names officially decided upon Cheat Lake as the reservoir's name in 1976. The surface area of Cheat Lake is about 1730 acres (700 ha). The volume is approximately 128.016 cubic kilometers.[citation needed] It is located immediately downstream of the 10-mile long Cheat Canyon.
 Upper Summit Lake is a lake in Regional District of Fraser-Fort George in the Central Interior of British Columbia Canada about 40 kilometres (25 mi) north of the city of Prince George and 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of the community of Bear Lake. It lies just west of Highway 97 (John Hart Highway).
 Storhø i Rauma is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Negri River is a river in Australia. It flows from the Northern Territory into Western Australia where it merges with the Ord River to become part of the Ord River catchment. It is roughly 100 kilometres long.It was named by Alexander Forrest on August 2 1879 the same day he named the Ord River. The following is from his journal.We started on again today and steering N. E. and E.N.E.
 Puhosjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Iijoki main catchment area. It is located in Pudasjärvi municipality in the region of Northern Ostrobothnia in Finland.
 Iron Mountain elevation 11416 ft (3480 m) is a summit in the Never Summer Mountains of northern Colorado. The mountain is southeast of Cameron Pass in the Colorado State Forest.
 The Trestenic River is a tributary of the Taița River in Romania.
 Otokomi Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Otokomi Lake is in a cirque north of Goat Mountain. The lake is a 5.2 miles (8.4 km) hike by trail from the Rising Sun Auto Camp.
 Sugarloaf Knob is a well-known summit within Ohiopyle State Park on the south end of the Laurel Ridge. This mountain has a unique profile and can easily be recognized at different lookouts in the park and surrounding area. The Youghiogheny River cuts beneath the knob and Laurel Hill creating a 1700-foot (520 m) deep chasm. The highest peak in the area is the south end of the Laurel Hill Ridge as it reaches 2920 ft (890 m) above sea level.
 Edlandsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Gjesdal in Rogaland county Norway next to the town Ålgård.It is connected to Limavatnet at Skokk bridge (E39) and discharges to Figgjoelva.
 The Glenelg River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Elizabeth and Catherine Range. The river flows in a north-westerly direction past the Whately Range and discharges into Maitland Bay then through George Water into Doubtful Bay and finally the Timor Sea.It was first explored in 1838 by a party led by George Grey but they were poorly prepared and ill-equipped.
 Kuczaba is a mountain in the Owl Mountains part of Central Sudetes. Its height is 654 meters. It lies in Owl Mountains Landscape Park.The mountain located next to Jodłownik in Dzierżoniów County Lower Silesian Voivodeship in south-western Poland.
 The Fishing Range is a subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located on the east side of Fishing Lakes and on the upper Finlay River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 In February 2013 the US Board of Geographic Names approved the university supported proposal to officially name the prominent ridge on which the University of Alaska Fairbanks is currently located as Troth Yeddha'.This is a Lower Tanana Athabascan place name that derives from words troth meaning 'Indian potato' or 'wild potato' (Hedysarum alpinum) and yeddha' meaning 'ridge'.The 2200 acre east-west trending ridge has had no official name.
 Maurolycus is one of the more prominent lunar craters in the southern highland region of the Moon that is covered in overlapping crater impacts. It is joined at the southeast rim by the smaller crater Barocius. Due west lie the overlapping pair of Stöfler and Faraday. To the northeast is the faint crater Buch and further to the north lies Gemma Frisius.The outer walls of Maurolycus are tall wide and terraced most notably in the eastern part.
 Arenig Fach is a mountain in southern Snowdonia north Wales. It is a peak in the Arenig range and lies to the north of its parent peak Arenig Fawr. It lies close to Llyn Celyn alongside the A4212 between Trawsfynydd and Bala. Carnedd y Filiast and Foel Goch (Arenigs) is to the east while Moel Llyfnant Gallt y Daren and Arenig Fawr are to the south.
 Santa Rosa Creek Reservoir is a reservoir in Spring Lake Regional Park in the city of Santa Rosa California USA. It is impounded by an earthen dam built in 1963 and owned by the Sonoma County Water Agency.
 The Ken River is one the major rivers of the Bundelkhand region of central India and flows through two states Madhya Pradesh and Uttar Pradesh. It is a tributary of the Yamuna
 Bear Gulch Reservoir is a reservoir in the town of Atherton California. It is the main storage for the Bear Gulch District of the California Water Service holds 215 million US gallons (810000 m3) of water and serves 55501 people.It is not open to the public. Mountain lions are occasionally sighted in the area.
 Storm King Mountain is along the west bank of the Hudson River south of Cornwall-on-Hudson New York. Together with Breakneck Ridge on the opposite bank of the river it forms Wey-Gat or Wind Gate the picturesque northern gateway to the Hudson Highlands. Its distinctive curved ridge is the most prominent aspect of the view south down Newburgh Bay from Newburgh Beacon and the Newburgh-Beacon Bridge.
 Holmes Lake is a Canadian lake in Northumberland County New Brunswick.Holmes Lake is one of several large lakes forming the headwaters of the Little Southwest Miramichi River. It was named in 1884 for the first lumberman who had worked the areaThe lake was long the exclusive fishery of the Pratt family of New York. After being introduced to the area by legendary guide Henry A. Braithwaite George Dupont Pratt constructed the spectacular log camps at the lake in 1909.
 Deer Creek (also Issaquena Creek or Lower Deer Creek) is a creek in the U.S. state of Mississippi.Its source is Lake Bolivar in Scott.As Deer Creek flows south through the Mississippi Delta it passes through the following counties: Bolivar Washington Sharkey Issaquena and Warren; and through the following communities: Metcalfe Stoneville Leland Burdett Arcola Hollandale Panther Burn Nitta Yuma Anguilla Rolling Fork Cary Onward and Valley Park.
 Shannon Pot or Legnashinna (from Irish: Lag na Sionna meaning hollow of the Shannon) is a pool in the karst landscape near Cuilcagh Mountain in County Cavan Ireland. An aquifer-fed naturally fluctuating pool it is the traditional source of the River Shannon.The pool itself is about 16 m (52 ft) wide. It was first explored by divers in 1971 to a depth of 6 m. It was later explored by Martyn Farr among others to a depth of 9.5 m from where the water emerges from a 2 m wide fissure.
 Little Tallapoosa River is a 97-mile-long (156 km) river in Georgia and Alabama in the United States. It rises in northern Carroll County Georgia near the city of Villa Rica and flows southwest into Alabama joining the Tallapoosa River in Randolph County near the head of R.L.
 Jahnabach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Wuhlebecken is a lake in Berlin Germany. At an elevation of 33 m its surface area is 6 ha.
 The Cioiana River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 The Barra Mansa River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lake May a wedge-shaped lake is a natural freshwater lake in southwest Winter Haven Florida. This lake has a 49.07-acre (198600 m2) surface area. It is bounded on the east and northeast by vacant land on the northwest by commercial property on the west and most of the south by vacant land and on the east and southeast by more commercial property. Much of the shore around the lake is lined by swampy areas.Public access is provided to Lake May on the south side at Lions Park.
 The Armstrong River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Sâne Vive (French: la Sâne Vive) or Sâne is a 46.8 km (29.1 mi) long river in the Ain and Saône-et-Loire départements eastern France. Its source is at Lescheroux. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Seille into which it flows between La Genête and Brienne.Its main tributary is the Sâne Morte.
 The Izvorul Porcului River is a tributary of the Zârna River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Fundurilor is a tributary of the Boulețul Mic River in Romania.
 The Timoi River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The South Branch Meduxnekeag River is a 15.2-mile-long (24.5 km) river in Aroostook County Maine. From the outflow of Johnson Pond (46°02′07″N 67°55′16″W) in Linneus the river runs about 5.8 miles (9.3 km) southeast to Cary Plantation then north about 9.4 miles (15.1 km) to its confluence with the Meduxnekeag River at Carys Mills two miles upstream from Houlton.
 The Valea Făgeților River is a tributary of the Sebeşel River in Romania.
 Beinn Bhrotain (Scottish Gaelic: Hill of the mastiff) or Ben Vrottan is a Scottish mountain in the Cairngorms range 18 kilometres west of Braemar in the county of Aberdeenshire.
 Lake Boon is a lake in eastern Massachusetts covering about 163 acres (0.66 km2) in the towns of Stow and Hudson Massachusetts. It has been an important part of the Stow and Hudson communities since the towns originated. It was originally named Boon Pond after Matthew Boon an explorer from Charlestown Massachusetts who came to the area in 1660. He was the first of two settlers in Stow and was killed by Native Americans near the Lake on about February 14 1676.
 Table Mountain is located near the northern end of the Great Western Divide a sub-range of the Sierra Nevada in California. The summit marks a point on the boundary between Sequoia and Kings Canyon national parks and is 0.6 miles (1 km) south of Thunder Mountain and 1.3 miles (2.1 km) northeast of Midway Mountain.Clarence King of the Whitney Survey mentioned in his notes that At one place the ridge [Great Western Divide] forms a level table. The name Table appeared on Charles F.
 Piz Davo Lais is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located between the Val Fenga and the Val Sinestra in the canton of Graubünden.
 Brule Lake is a lake in Cook County Minnesota. It is situated between two long sills in the Superior Upland causing the lake to be eight times longer east and west than it is north and south. Out of the opposite ends flow the Temperance River and the South Brule a tributary of the Brule River. Brule Lake was logged heavily in the early 1900s and the region around it was consumed in 1929 by a logging-related forest fire which bears Brule Lake's name.
 Castaic Creek is a 25.0-mile-long (40.2 km) stream in the Sierra Pelona Mountains in northeastern Los Angeles County California. It is a tributary of the Santa Clara River.
 Dumbleyung Lake also widely known as Lake Dumbleyung is a salt lake in Western Australia. It is located at 33°20′00″S 117°39′00″E in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.
 Stave Lake is a hydroelectric reservoir in the Stave River system located on the northern edge of the District of Mission about 65 km (40 mi) east of Vancouver British Columbia. The main arm of the lake is just over 20 km (12 mi) long and there is a southwest arm about 9.5 km (5.9 mi) long ending at Stave Falls Dam near Stave Falls. The original lake occupied about a third of the space of the main arm.
 The Sibbersdorfer See is a lake in the district of Ostholstein within the region known as Holstein Switzerland in the North German state of Schleswig-Holstein. It lies between Sibbersdorf and Fissau north of the Großer Eutiner See near the town of Eutin. It has an area of 60 hectares (150 acres) is up to 7 metres deep lies at an elevation of about 26.8 m above sea level and is crossed by the River Schwentine.
 Lake Balkhash (Kazakh: Балқаш Көлі Balqaş köli; Russian: Озеро Балхаш Ozero Balkhash) is one of the largest lakes in Asia and 13th largest continental lake in the world. It is located in southeastern Kazakhstan in Central Asia and belongs to an endorheic (closed) basin shared by Kazakhstan and China with a small part in Kyrgyzstan. The basin drains into the lake via seven rivers.
 Blue Mountain Pass is a high mountain pass in Oregon United States through the Blue Mountains traversed by U.S. Highway 395.
 Mount Greylock is the highest natural point in Massachusetts at 3491 feet (1064 m). Its peak is located in the northwest corner of the state in the western part of the town of Adams (near its border with Williamstown) in Berkshire County. Although geologically part of the Taconic Mountains Mount Greylock is commonly associated with the abutting Berkshire Hills to the east. The mountain is known for its expansive views encompassing five states and the only taiga-boreal forest in the state.
 The Măreasca River or Mărașca River is a tributary of the Sighișoara River in Romania.
 Geitvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county Norway. The lake lies just west of the lake Søndre Bukkevatnet and the lake Langvatnet lies to the south.
 Golovin is a lunar impact crater that is located to the southeast of the walled plain Campbell. It lies in the northern hemisphere on the Moon's far side and cannot be seen directly from the Earth. Just two crater diameters to the southwest of Golovin is the larger crater Appleton and to the north is Langevin.The nearly circular rim of Golovin is not markedly eroded and is not overlaid by any impacts of note. There is a slight outward bulge to the northwest.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Luncoiu River in Romania.
 Loch Laggan is a freshwater loch situated east of Fort William in Lochaber Highland Scotland. The A86 road from Spean Bridge to Kingussie follows along its north shore. Since 1934 Loch Laggan has been a reservoir retained behind the Laggan Dam forming part of the Lochaber hydro-electric scheme.
 Krylov is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies about one crater diameter to the northwest of Cockroft and due west of Evershed.This crater has been worn by impact erosion leaving the features rounded and somewhat irregular. But the perimeter of the rim can still be traced in the rugged surrounding terrain. There is a small fresh crater laid across the eastern rim and some old and worn depression along the southern and western inner wall.
 For other locations see Lover's LeapLover's Leap is a steep granite cliff band a landmark which catches the eye as one travels by and a popular destination for climbers. The origin of its name is unknown but common to most Lover's Leaps one version from local folklore says two Native Americans lovers leapt to their deaths from the summit.
 The Beaufort River is a river in the South West of Western Australia.The rivers has its headwaters west of Woodanilling near Melbourne Vale and flows in a westerly direction until it flows into the Arthur River near Duranillin.
 Mount Thor (12251 ft) is the second highest peak of the Chugach Mountains in Alaska. It is named after Thor Norse God of Thunder because of the noise of avalanches on this mountain.
 Cinnamon Butte is a group of cinder cone volcanoes and lava domes in the Cascade Range of Oregon. All of the vents are older than approximately 6845 years as they are all covered in ash from the eruption of Mount Mazama.
 The Chewaucan River is part of the Great Basin drainage. It flows 53 miles (85 km) through the Fremont–Winema National Forests Bureau of Land Management land and private property in southern Oregon. Its watershed consists of 651 square miles (1690 km2) of conifer forest marsh and rural pasture land. The river provides habitat for many species of wildlife including native Great Basin redband trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss newberri) a subspecies of rainbow trout.
 The Wandflue (also spelled Wandfluh) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Fribourg and Bern. It lies south of Jaun in the Gastlosen chain.
 Mount Whymper is a mountain located on Vancouver Island British Columbia. It is the highest point in Canada located south of the 49th parallel and is located between the headwaters of the Chemainus River and the South Nanaimo River 14 km (9 mi) north of Honeymoon Bay.
 The Valea Grajdului River is a tributary of the Turcu River in Romania.
 The Little Nottoway River is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 The Valea Vizuinii River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Manners is a lunar impact crater located in the western part of the Mare Tranquillitatis. To the northeast is the larger crater Arago and to the south are Ritter and Sabine. The crater has a rim with a higher albedo than the surrounding mare making it appear bright. This is a circular bowl-shaped feature with a raised rim and a relatively flat interior.
 Calaveras Lake is a reservoir on Calaveras Creek located 20 miles (32 kilometers) southeast of Downtown San Antonio Texas USA. The reservoir was formed in 1969 by the construction of a dam to provide a cooling pond for a complex of power plants to supply additional electricity to the city of San Antonio.The dam and lake are managed by CPS Energy of San Antonio.
 The Debussy quadrangle (H-14) is one of fifteen quadrangles on Mercury. It runs from 270 to 360° longitude and from -20 to -70° latitude. Named after the Debussy crater it was mapped in detail for the first time after MESSENGER entered orbit around Mercury in 2011. It had not been mapped prior to that point because it was one of the six quadrangles that wasn't illuminated when Mariner 10 made its flybys in 1974 and 1975.
 Q'umir Qucha (Quechua q'umir green qucha lake green lake hispanicized spelling Comer Cocha) is a mountain in the Bolivian Andes about 5020 m (16470 ft) high located in the Anta Q'awa mountain range the southern part of the Potosí mountain range. It is situated south east of Potosí in the Potosí Department in the north of the José María Linares Province. Q'umir Qucha lies west of the Khunurana and the Yana Urqu group and south of the small lake Q'umir Qucha.
 Mount Binālud (In Persian: بینالود) is the highest peak in Razavi Khorasan province Iran. It is also called Khorasan roof. This mountain is 26 km north of Nishapur and to the west of Mashhad.
 The Pârâul Stânei is a tributary of the Ghimbav River in Romania.
 The Laurentian Mountains (French: Laurentides) are a mountain range in southern Quebec Canada north of the St. Lawrence River and Ottawa River rising to a highest point of 1166 metres (3825 ft) at Mont Raoul Blanchard north east of Quebec City in the Reserve Faunique des Laurentides. The Gatineau L'Assomption Lièvre Montmorency Nord and St. Maurice rise in lakes in this mountain range.Across the U.S.
 The Prescott Channel was built in 1930–35 as part of a flood relief scheme for the River Lee Navigation in the East End of London England and was named after Sir William Prescott the then chairman of the Lee Conservancy Board. Rubble from the demolished Euston Arch was used in 1962 to improve the channel which forms part of the Bow Back Rivers.
 The Sturgeon River (Big Fork River) is a river of Minnesota located in Koochiching County near Big Falls.
 The Baranca River is a tributary of the Herța River in Romania.
 Mount Skylight is a mountain in the Great Range of the Adirondack High Peaks in the Adirondack Mountains of New York. It gets its name from its open bare and relatively flat summit unusual in the Adirondack High Peaks.A remote summit by any approach it is nonetheless a favorite of hikers.
 The Taumona River is a river of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southwest from its origins 12 kilometres west of Taumarunui to reach the Ohura River.
 The Little Seboeis River is a short stream in Maine Township 4 Range 7 WELS Penobscot County Maine. From its source (45°59′09″N 68°34′35″W) the river runs 5.5 miles (8.9 km) south and west to its confluence with the Seboeis River.
 Huasco River is a river of Chile located in the Huasco Province Atacama Region. Its headwaters in the upper catchments in high-altitude Andes glaciers are the Estrecho River a tributary of El Tránsito River (catchment area 4135 km2) and Potrerillos River a tributary of El Carmen River (catchment area 2 890 km2). The Huasco River begins at the confluence of El Tránsito River and El Carmen River which is located in Junta del Carmen (790ma.s.l.).
 The Amblève (French) or Amel (German) is a 93 km long river in eastern Belgium in the province of Liège. It is a right tributary of the river Ourthe. It rises near Büllingen in the High Fens (Hoge VenenHohes Venn Hautes Fagnes) close to the border with Germany. Tributaries of the Amblève are the rivers Chefna Ninglinspo Warche Eau Rouge Salm and Lienne. The Amblève flows through the towns of Amel Stavelot Trois-Ponts Remouchamps and Aywaille.
 Gowienica Miedwiańska is a river of Poland which flows into the lake Miedwie.
 Leonora's Caves is a limestone cave system in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. They are located within Old St. Michael's Cave.
 The Conasauga River is a river that runs through southeast Tennessee and northwest Georgia. The Conasauga River is 93 miles (150 km) long and is home to 90 species of fish and 25 species of freshwater mussels. The Conasauga River watershed encompasses over 500000 acres (2000 km2) in two states multiple counties and two ecologically different regions.
 Conchas Lake is a 25-mile (40 km) long reservoir in northeastern New Mexico behind Conchas Dam on the Canadian River. The lake has an elevation of 4200 feet (1309.2 meters) and a surface area of 9600 acres.Conchas Dam was completed in 1939 by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.Adjacent to the lake is Conchas Lake State Park which is divided into two separate areas north and south. The state park has nine public boat ramps: five in the north area and four in the south area.
 Oat Mountain is a peak of the Santa Susana Mountains overlooking the San Fernando Valley (near Los Angeles California) to the south and southeast. Oat Mountain is the highest peak in the Santa Susana Mountains of California. The Los Angeles district of Chatsworth is to the south of the mountain.
 The Capel River is a river in the South West of Western Australia. The Capel River is the largest in the Geographe catchment and begins at the junction of Capel River North and Capel River South. It rises at the edge of the Darling Scarp near Goodwood and flows in a north-westerly direction parallel with Goodwood across the northern part of the Blackwood plateau and the Swan Coastal plain.
 Ludlow Mountain is a mountain located in Ludlow Vermont. Okemo Mountain Resort is a ski resort located on Ludlow Mountain. Before becoming a popular ski resort destination Ludlow was originally a mill town and was the home of a General Electric plant until 1977.
 Glassford Peak at 11602 feet (3536 m) above sea level is the third highest peak in the Boulder Mountains of Idaho. Located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Custer County Glassford Peak is about 0.55 miles (890 m) north of the Blaine County border. It is the 39th highest peak in Idaho.The peak is most easily accessed from south of Idaho State Highway 75 between Stanley and Challis. However it can also be accessed from State Highway 75 north of Ketchum.
 Aguirre River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Tsitika Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 18 km (11 mi) southeast of Telegraph Cove and 34 km (21 mi) northwest of Mount Abel.
 Hackers Creek is a tributary of the West Fork River 25.4 miles (40.9 km) long in north-central West Virginia in the United States. Via the West Fork Monongahela and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 58 square miles (150 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 The River Fal (Cornish: Dowr Fala) flows through Cornwall England rising at Pentevale (more correctly Pentivale ) (Cornish: Penfenten Fala meaning head spring of the Fal) on Goss Moor (between St. Columb and Roche) and reaching the English Channel at Falmouth. On or near the banks of the Fal are the castles of Pendennis and St Mawes as well as Trelissick Garden. The River Fal separates the Roseland peninsula from the rest of Cornwall.
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 Auersberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Bibers is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Izvorul Sașa River is a tributary of the Călineşti River in Romania.
 Palpana is a volcano in the Andes of Chile. It has a summit elevation of 6040 metres above sea level and is part of the dividing range between Upper Loa River basin and Salar de Ascotán basin.
 Rio Minho redirects here. For the river of that name in Jamaica see Rio Minho (Jamaica)Minho (Portuguese: [ˈmiɲu]) or Miño (Spanish: [ˈmiɲo] Galician: [ˈmiɲo]) is the longest river in Galicia Spain with a length of 340 km (210 mi).The name comes from Latin minius meaning cinnibar lead or vermillion essentially the red river.[citation needed] The Minno waters vineyards and farmland is used to produce hydroelectric power and also delineates a section of the Spanish–Portuguese border.
 The Valea Tulbure River is a tributary of the Săsar River in Romania.
 Toms Fork is a tributary of the Meathouse Fork 9.3 miles (15.0 km) long in north-central West Virginia in the United States. Via the Meathouse Fork Middle Island Creek and the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 15.5 square miles (40 km2) in a rural region on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.Toms Fork's course is entirely in southern Doddridge County.
 Mount Le Conte (or LeConte) is a mountain in Sevier County Tennessee located in the Great Smoky Mountains National Park. At 6593 ft (2010 m) it is the third highest peak in the national park behind Clingmans Dome (6643 ft 2024 m) and Mount Guyot (6621 ft 2018 m). It is also the highest peak that is completely within Tennessee.
 Lysippus is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 140 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Lysippus is named for the Greek sculptor Lysippos who lived in the 4th century BCE.
 Jenny Jump Mountain is a mountain in Warren County New Jersey. The summit rises to 1129 feet (344 m); the mountain is within Frelinghuysen Hope Independence and Liberty Townships. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains although somewhat isolated to the west of the main body of the Highlands.Portions of Jenny Jump Mountain are within Jenny Jump State Forest.
 The Chalaronne (French: la Chalaronne) is a 52 km (32 mi) long river in the Ain département eastern France. Its source is at Lapeyrouse in the Dombes. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Saône into which it flows between Saint-Didier-sur-Chalaronne and Thoissey.
 Mount Ortobene (Orthobene in the local dialect) is a mountain in the province of Nuoro in central Sardinia Italy close to the town of Nuoro.There are two main parks: Sedda Ortai and Il Redentore. At the feet of the mountain is a nuraghe archaeological area including the Domus de janas tombs. On the mountain's top is the bronze Statue of Christ the Redeemer by Vincenzo Jerace (1901).
 Wollaston Lake is located in northeastern Saskatchewan Canada. With a surface area of 2286 km² (excluding islands; 2681 km² if islands are included) it is the largest bifurcation lake in the world that drains naturally in two directions.The Fond du Lac River flows out of the lake to the northwest where it drains into Lake Athabasca which ultimately drains into the Arctic Ocean via the Mackenzie River system.
 Skoddetindene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Muncaster Fell is a fell at the far western edge of the Lake District National Park in Cumbria England. Muncaster Fell is a long narrow ridge of land approximately 1.2 km wide and 6 km long lying between the River Mite to the north and River Esk to the south. The fell rises from the coast near Ravenglass village to its highest point at Hooker Crag (231 m). The ridge then continues to the north-east dropping gently to its furthest prominence at Silver Knott (174 m).
 The river Raša (Latin: Arsa Latin/Italian: Arsia) in Croatian Istria is a major river of Croatia's Istria County.It is 23 kilometres (14 mi) long and its basin covers an area of 279 km2 (108 sq mi).Its mouth is in the long ria of Raški zaljev/Porto d'Arsia which is a drowned river valley scoured out when world sea levels were lowered then drowned by the rising waters of the post glacial era.
 Arnold School Pond is a 12-acre (49000 m2) pond in Pembroke Massachusetts in the East Pembroke section of the town. The pond is located northeast of Stump Pond behind the Arnold Elementary School. The outflow is an unnamed stream that leads to Pudding Brook.
 Gákkajávri is a lake that lies in Porsanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 7.4-square-kilometre (2.9 sq mi) lake lies just east of the European route E06 highway between Lakselv and Karasjok.The village of Skoganvarre and the lake Øvrevann popular tourist areas are located on the west side of the lake. In the winter time this area is a popular setting-off point for ski- and snow scooter activities.
 The Călțunu River is a tributary of the Valea Vladului River in Romania.
 Hawk Mountain is a mountain ridge part of the Blue Mountain Ridge in the Appalachian Mountain chain located in central-eastern Pennsylvania near Reading and Allentown. The area includes 13000 acres of protected private and public land including the 2600 acre Hawk Mountain Sanctuary.The River of Rocks is visible and accessible from the Sanctuary. The boulders were formed by periglacial processes in the Pleistocene epoch or ice age.
 The Jequitaí River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Vizhaikha (Russian: Вижаиха) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 94 km. Area of drainage basin is 375 km². Its mouth located 100 km from Kolva's mouth.
 The Seven Devils are notable peaks in west central Idaho in the Hells Canyon Wilderness. They are above the east bank of the Snake River which forms the Idaho-Oregon border. The mountains are part of the Rocky Mountains and the tallest peaks are 7900 vertical feet (2408 m) above the adjacent Snake River with few trees in between. There are several marked and unmarked trails and cleared camping areas throughout the mountains. It has several waterfalls and streams as well as numerous lakes.
 The Portage River (Nina Moose River) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Corâta River is a tributary of the Mostiştea River in Romania.
 The Lehigh River a tributary of the Delaware River is a 109-mile-long (175 km) river located in eastern Pennsylvania in the United States. Part of the Lehigh along with a number of its tributaries is designated a Pennsylvania Scenic River by the state's Department of Conservation and Natural Resources. Lehigh is an Anglicization of the Lenape name for the river Lechewuekink meaning where there are forks.
 The Tocila River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Arlington Mountain a 1857 ft. peak in the northern Temescal Mountains. It is located northwest of nearby Lake Mathews overlooking western Riverside in Riverside County California.
 The Cura River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into Lake Valencia.
 The Almaș River (Hungarian: Almás-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. The name in Hungarian means Apple Creek. The Romanian name derives from that.[citation needed]
 Lake Kastraki (Greek: Λίμνη Καστρακίου) is an artificial lake near Kastraki in Aetolia-Acarnania western Greece. The lake is drained by the river Acheloos and fed by the rivers Acheloos and Inachos. It was formed by the Kastraki Dam completed in 1969. Its area is about 28 km² and its maximum capacity is 950000000 m³ of water. It is used for the generation of hydroelectric power by DEI.
 Antoniadi is a large lunar impact crater that lies on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. The crater intrudes into the southeastern rim of the crater Minnaert a slightly smaller formation that is significantly more eroded. Attached to the eastern rim of Antoniadi is Numerov another large ancient crater similar to Minnaert.
 Kluane Lake is located in the southwest area of the Yukon. At approximately 400 km2 (150 sq mi) and 70 km (43 mi) long it is the largest lake contained entirely within the territorial border.Kluane Lake is fed by the A'ay Chu which is composed of meltwater from the Kaskawulsh Glacier located within Kluane National Park.
 Ortigalita Creek formerly Arroyo de Las Ortigalito (Little Nettle Creek) is a tributary stream of the San Joaquin River in Merced County California. The source of Ortigalita Creek is at 3520 ft (1070 m) located near a peak on the Ortigalita Ridge of the Diablo Range. Its mouth is 7.2 mi (11.6 km) south southwest of Los Banos California just as it emerges from the foothills before it reaches the California Aqueduct.
 Lake Galichskoye (Russian: Галичское) is a freshwater lake in the northern part of Kostroma Oblast Russia that takes its name from the old town of Galich sitting on its south bank. It is situated at the height of 100 meters above mean sea level stretching for 17 km from west to east. The lake area is 75.4 km2. The lake is shallow (up to 5 meters deep) its banks are marshy and the bottom is silty. The lake has been noted for its fishing but is currently in danger of silting up.
 Galileotoppen is a mountain on Spitsbergen in Svalbard Norway. At 1637 metres (5371 ft) tall it is the fifth-tallest peak on Svalbard. It is located west of Wijdefjorden northwest of Newtontoppen in the south of Ny-Friesland. It is named for the Italian astronomer Galileo Galilei (1564–1642).
 The Poiana Boului River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 The San Lucio Pass located in the Lugano Prealps at an altitude of 1541 metres (5056 ft) above sea level connects the Val Cavargna in the Italian province of Como with the Val Colla in the Swiss canton of Ticino. The pass is shared by the municipalities of Cavargna (Italy) and Bogno (Switzerland).The pass is accessible by road from the Italian side and by dirt track from the Swiss side. At the summit of the pass is a 14th-century church and a pair of refuges.
 Kozjak Hydro Power Plant is a large hydroelectric power plant on the river Treska which creates an artificial lake Kozjak the largest in Republic of Macedonia. It is located in the western part of the country in the municipality of Makedonski Brod.The power plant has two turbines with a nominal capacity of 41 MW each having a total capacity of 82 MW.The lake is 32 km (20 mi) long with maximum depth of 130 m (430 ft).
 Killer Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County Ontario Canada.
 Fivehead River (also known as the River Earn or Rag or Ragg River) flows through south Somerset England.It is named after the village of Fivehead near to two Sites of Special Scientific Interest at Fivehead Arable Fields and Fivehead Woods and Meadow.The source of the river is from various streams around Batten's Green and Ashill south west of Staple Fitzpaine and flows east past Hatch Beauchamp and Beercrocombe where it is joined by several small tributaries.
 Freminrámur is a volcano located on the basalt plateau in Iceland. It is at the junction of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge and the Greenland–Iceland–Faeroe Ridge. It is one of five volcanic systems found in the axial rift zone in north east Iceland.The last eruption was in 800 BC (± 300 years).
 Mount Yake (焼岳 Yake-dake) literally Burning mountain is an active volcano in the Hida Mountains lying between Matsumoto Nagano Prefecture and Takayama Gifu Prefecture Japan. It is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains reaching 2455 m (8054 ft) at the highest peak.
 The Vaca Mică River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
 Island Lake is a lake lying southeast of Skua Lake at Cape Evans Ross Island Antarctica. It appears that the name was given by members of the British Antarctic Expedition 1910–13 who built their winter quarters hut at Cape Evans.
 The Bățul River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
 Spitzkunnersdorfer Bach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Milagro River is a river of Ecuador.
 Cambser See is a lake in Nordwestmecklenburg Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 30.9 m its surface area is 2.85 km².
 Gafleispitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps to the east of Schaan with a height of 2000 metres (6600 ft).
 High Island Creek is a 69.4-mile-long (111.7 km) tributary of the Minnesota River in Minnesota. It rises as Judicial Ditch No. 11 in eastern Renville County 6 miles (10 km) south of the city of Hector and flows east into Sibley County then McLeod County then back into Sibley County where it passes the city of Arlington before entering the Minnesota River 3 miles (5 km) north of Henderson.
 Pwll Dwfn is a cave in South Wales. It is located above Dan yr Ogof and cavers can access it from the show cave's car park. The entrance is not gated.Pwll Dwfn is one of the few caves in the area which requires single rope technique (SRT). The pot itself consists of 5 pitches totaling 97m from top to bottom.The cave is terminated by two static sumps and has colonial coral fossils on the walls.
 The Flynn Hills are a mountain range in Mendocino County California.
 Lake Manatee is a reservoir located in Manatee County in southwestern Florida in the United States. Highway 64 crosses the eastern end of the lake while the Lake Manatee State Park is found at the southwestern end. The Manatee River flows into the lake at the eastern end then continues to the west where it flows into Tampa Bay. Lake Manatee is a major source of water for Bradenton and other cities in Manatee County providing 32 million gallons per day.
 Napaktulik Lake also known as Takijuq Lake is the eighth largest lake Nunavut Canada. It is located 173 km south of Kugluktuk.
 Wilkins Peak is a small mountain located in Sweetwater County Wyoming between the cities of Green River and Rock Springs. It is primarily used for radio and television station transmitters but it also serves radio needs of the FAA EMS and local businesses such as Questar Gas. In 2003 a tower on the peak was knocked down by a vehicle delivering propane to customers. The tower was owned by Wyoming Public Radio and was serving the local area with programming from National Public Radio.
 Tetnuldi (Georgian: თეთნულდი) is a prominent peak in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range located in the Svaneti region of Georgia. According to most sources Tetnuldi is the 10th highest peak of the Caucasus. The slopes of the mountain are glaciated generally above the 3000 metre (9840 ft) line. The most prominent glacier of the mountain is called Adishi.It was first climbed by Douglas Freshfield in 1896. The first ascent of the north face was completed by Michael S.
 The Gürgaletsch is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located between Churwalden and Tschiertschen in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
 The Pârâul Ruzii is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Șiștarovăț River ( Hungarian: Sistaróci-patak or Sistaroveci-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Astley Brook is a river in Greater Manchester England.Rising at the confluence of Dean Brook and Raveden Brook near Halliwell in the Metropolitan Borough of Bolton it travels eastward to Meeting of the Waters where it meets Eagley Brook to form the River Tonge.
 The Salinas River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Stachlerkopf is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps close to the towns of Steg and Malbun with a height of 2071 metres (6795 ft).
 Snøkolla or Snykolla is the highest mountain on the island of Langøya (the third largest island on the mainland of Norway). The mountain is located in the municipality of Øksnes in Nordland county. The 763-metre (2503 ft) tall mountain sits about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of the village of Myre.
 The Tinosu River is a tributary of the Nisipitu River in Romania.
 Jijia (Ukrainian: Жижия) is a river in Ukraine and the Moldavia region of Romania. It rises in Ukraine at an altitude of 410 metres flows south in Botoşani County through the town of Dorohoi and meets the Prut in Gorban Iaşi County. It has a length of 275 km and a drainage area of 5757 km². Major tributaries are the Sitna Miletin and Bahlui rivers.
 Napier Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located inn Norwegian Bay off Devon Island's Grinnell Peninsula. To the west lies Crescent Island.
 The Lek (Dutch pronunciation: [lɛk]) is a river in the western Netherlands of some 60 km in length. It is the continuation of the Nederrijn after the Kromme Rijn branches off at the town of Wijk bij Duurstede. The main westbound waterway is hereafter called the Lek River.
 The Pahi River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally west from its origins southwest of Maungaturoto and the last few kilometres of its length form an upper silty arm of the Kaipara Harbour. It forms one of the arms of the Arapaoa River in the northeastern part of the harbour's system.
 Gessenbach (Gera) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Curuduri River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Agărașul River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania.
 The Valea Izvorului River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Longeau is a 37.5 km long river in the Lorraine (region) of northeastern France. It rises in Hannonville-sous-les-Côtes and runs generally northeast to join the Yron river at Jarny.
 Fradley Junction (grid reference SK140139) is a canal junction between Fradley and Alrewas near Lichfield Staffordshire England and the point at which the Coventry Canal joins the Trent and Mersey Canal. It opened in 1790 and several of the buildings around it including The Swan public house are grade II listed structures.
 The Kander is a river in Switzerland. It is 44 kilometres (27 mi) long and has a watershed of 1126 square kilometres (435 sq mi). Originally a tributary of the Aar river with a confluence downstream of the city of Thun since 1714 it has flowed into Lake Thun upstream of the city. The valley through which the river flows is known as the Kandertal or in specific sections as the Gastertal or Frutigtal.
 Saptha Kanya (Seven Virgins) is a mountain range in Maskeliya Sri Lanka
 The Western Beskids (Czech: Západní Beskydy; Slovak: Západné Beskydy; Polish: Beskidy Zachodnie) are a set of mountain ranges spanning the Czech Republic Slovakia and Poland. Geologically the Western Beskids are part of the Outer Western Carpathians. Traditionally the Western Beskids were considered part of the Beskids a term that differs according to historical and linguistic heritage.
 Regan Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is most easily accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 453.Regan Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. The Trailer Lakes are upstream of Regan Lake and Mount Regan at 10190 ft (3110 m) is to the east of the lake.
 The Horodnic River is a tributary of the Pozen River in Romania. Dictator Nicolae Ceausescu dipped ordered his guardsman to take 500 gallons of the malaria ridden water to dump over the people he was about to order to be killed. This was said to cleanse the people of their sandy vaginas.
 Kualu River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.
 The Râul Șerenilor or Râul Poienii is a tributary of the Râul Alb in Romania.
 The Cantilever Range is a subrange of the Lillooet Ranges subgrouping of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains. About 1100 km² in area and about 50 km E-W and 35 km N-S it is located southwest of Lytton between the valleys of the Stein River (N) and Kwoiek Creek (S).The Cantilever Range is the highest sector of the Lillooet Ranges and is crowned by Skihist Mountain which stands 2968 m (9738 ft) making it the highest mountain in southwestern British Columbia.
 The Păru River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 Tikveš Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Macedonia that has two turbines with a nominal capacity of 46 MW each having a total capacity of 92 MW.
 The Xilin River (Chinese: 锡林) of Inner Mongolia China is located in the middle latitudes.
 Wachuqucha (Quechua wachu furrow slice ridge turned up by the plough between two furrows / row qucha lake hispanicized spellings Huachoccocha) is a lake in Peru. It is situated in the Apurímac Region Andahuaylas Province San Jerónimo District. Wachuqucha lies northeast of the lakes Suytuqucha and Quriqucha and south of the lake Antaqucha.
 Max Patch is a bald mountain on the North Carolina-Tennessee Border in Madison County North Carolina and Cocke County Tennessee. It is a major landmark along the Tennessee/North Carolina section of the Appalachian Trail although its summit is located in North Carolina.
 The Habic River ( Hungarian: Hétbükk-patak meaning Seven Beeches Creek) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Faber Lake is a lake in the Northwest Territories Canada.
 The Thaya (Czech: Dyje [ˈdɪjɛ]) is a river in Central Europe tributary to the Morava River. It is about 235 km long and meanders from west to east in the border area between Lower Austria (Austria) and South Moravia (Czech Republic) but does not exactly follow the border in most parts. Its source is in two smaller rivers namely the German Thaya (Deutsche Thaya) and the Moravian Thaya (Czech: Moravská Dyje German: Mährische Thaya) the confluence of which is located at Raabs.
 The Lucşoara River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 The Luncoiu River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Guilbert is an impact crater on Venus.
 This article is about the glacier on the Kenai Peninsula. For the glacier near Yakutat Alaska please see McCarty Glacier (Yakutat)The McCarty Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in the Harding Icefield in the Kenai Mountains of the Kenai Peninsula Alaska.The glacier is named for William McCarty a former resident of Seward.
 The Huangcai Reservoir(simplified Chinese: 黄材水库; traditional Chinese: 黃材水庫; pinyin: Huángcaí Shuǐkù) is a large reservoir located in the northwestern part of Ningxiang County in the province of Hunan People's Republic of China. It is the largest body of water in Ningxiang County and the largest reservoir in Ningxiang County. The reservoir is the source of the Wei River.
 Mount Athelstan (70°10′S 69°16′W) is a prominent partly ice-covered mountain 1615 metres (5300 ft) high at the north side of Trench Glacier on a spur which extends east from Douglas Range on the east coast of Alexander Island Antarctica. The east side of Douglas Range was first photographed from the air on November 23 1935 by Lincoln Ellsworth and Mount Athelstan was mapped from the photos by W.L.G. Joerg.
 Guphapokhari is a lake at the height of 2900 metres (9500 ft)above the sea levels situated in Sankhuwasabha District of Nepal.
 Lake Cișmigiu is a lake in the center of Bucharest Sector 1 in Cișmigiu Gardens. The lake has a surface of 29.500 m² a length of 1.3 km a width of 50 meters and a depth of 1–2 meters. During winter the lake is dried artificially and a skate park is organized on the lake bed.
 The Porcu River is a tributary of the Vaslui River in Romania.
 The Shyok River (literally the river of death in Yarkandi) flows through northern Ladakh in India and the Northern Areas of Pakistan (Ghangche District) spanning some 550 km (340 mi).The Shyok River a tributary of the Indus River originates from the Rimo Glacier one of the tongues of Siachen Glacier. The river widens at the confluence with the Nubra River.
 The Little St Bernard Pass (French: Col du Petit Saint-Bernard Italian: Colle del Piccolo San Bernardo) is a mountain pass in the Alps on the France–Italy border. Its saddle is at 2188 metres above sea level. It is located between Savoie France and Aosta Valley Italy to the south of the Mont Blanc Massif exactly on the main alpine watershed. There is also a Great St.
 Vašuoka is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 34 kilometres and has a basin area of 128 km².
 McLeod Hill is a tuya located 41 km (25 mi) north of Clearwater in the Wells Gray-Clearwater volcanic field in Wells Gray Provincial Park east-central British Columbia Canada.McLeod Hill last erupted about 12000 years ago when the Murtle Plateau was still covered by ice. However it may also be the oldest volcano in the Clearwater Valley dating to about 200000 years ago when it was the source of the vast quantity of lava that comprises the Murtle Plateau.
 Piz Grisch is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps overlooking Innerferrera in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. A small glacier lies at the base of its northern face the Glatscher da Sut Fuina.
 Lac de Bareilles is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. The lake can be reached by foot from the village of Bareilles in 30 minutes.
 Hahnenkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Jerdacuttup River is a river located in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.The water in the river is naturally saline.The river rises on the edge of the Yilgarn Plateau north of Ravensthorpe below Mount Short and drains the eastern side of the Ravensthorpe Range before flowing south and draining into the Jerdacuttup lakes close to the Southern Ocean and east of Hopetoun.The tributaries of the river include Moolyall Creek Woodenup Creek Cordingup Creek Carlingup Creek Boaiup Creek Bandalup Creek and Burlabup Creek.The name is Indigenous Australian in origin and first charted by John Forrest in 1870.The river is the location of a significant komatiite deposit
 Monday Creek is a tributary of the Hocking River 27 miles (43.5 km) long in southeastern Ohio in the United States. Via the Hocking and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 116 square miles (300 km²) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau. Monday Creek has been badly affected by acid mine drainage.
 The Slătioara River is a tributary of the Gemenea River in Romania.
 The Slatina River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Thiel is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the south of the larger crater Quetelet and to the north-northwest of Charlier. This is a sharp-edged roughly circular crater with a small impact along the outer rim to the north-northeast. It is otherwise relatively free from impact erosion and the interior is unmarked by significant craters. The inner walls are uneven in places with piles of scree along the base.
 The Gentilly River is an 8.5-mile-long (13.7 km) tributary of the Red Lake River of Minnesota in the United States. Via the Red Lake River the Red River of the North Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the Hudson Bay watershed.
 The Baú River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Tellico Reservoir also known as Tellico Lake is a reservoir in Tennessee created by the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA) in 1979 upon the completion of Tellico Dam. The dam impounds the Little Tennessee River and the lower Tellico River. While TVA is careful to refer to its artificial lakes as reservoirs (such as Tellico Reservoir) common usage tends to refer to the reservoir as Tellico Lake. The lake is approximately 16000 acres in surface area and provides 357 miles of shoreline.
 Vamanapuram River is an 88-km long river in southern Kerala. The river originates in the Chemunjimotta hills (alt. 1860m) hills on the southern side of the Western Ghats and flows through Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam districts of Kerala.It ends in AnjengoLake(Anchuthengu Lake) near Varkala.The two tributaries of this river are the Upper Chittar & Manjaprayar streams.
 Shoshone Mountain is a mountain range in Nye County Nevada.
 Beinn a' Chrulaiste (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn a'Chrùlaiste meaning rocky hill) is a mountain to the north of Glen Coe in the Highlands of Scotland. The Mountain is rectangular and can be seen from the A82 road and the Old Military Road (West Highland Way). Also as you pass the A82 you can see the summit of Stob Dearg (Buachaille Etive Mòr) and creates great views from the top of the Beinn.
 Luderbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Zizin River is a tributary of the Tărlung River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters of the Dungu and Dobromiru rivers.
 Challwa (Quechua for fish hispanicized spellings Chalhua Challhua) or Wiksu (Quechua for twisted bent hispanicized Huicsu also Huicsa Wiksa means stomach) is a mountain in the southern Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5487 m (18002 ft)) high. Challwa is located in the Ancash Region Bolognesi Province Aquia District and in the Recuay Province Catac District. It is situated northeast of Qiwllarahu west of Pastururi and Tuku and south of Santun (Santón).
 The Rocky River is a relatively short river which forms the western boundaries of the cities of Cleveland and Lakewood Ohio. The city of Rocky River on the west bank bordering Lakewood is named after the river. The Rocky River was ranked by Field & Stream as one of the top steelhead trout rivers in the world and has also been featured on ESPN.
 The Lacantún River is a river of Mexico.
 Jelai-Bila River is a river of Kalimantan Indonesia. Much of the land between the Lamandau River and the Jelai-Bila River is developed by agriculture.
 The Tourinho River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Bälmeten (2416 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking Erstfeld in the canton of Uri. It lies west of the Hoch Fulen in the group north-west of the Gross Windgällen.
 The Río de las Vacas is a river of Puerto Rico.
 South Downs Mountain (13068 ft (3983 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Downs Mountain is the 27th highest peak in Wyoming. The summit is on the Continental Divide in both Shoshone and Bridger-Teton National Forests and it is 1.85 mi (2.98 km) south-southwest of Downs Mountain.
 McDowell Peak is located in the McDowell Mountains to the northeast of Phoenix Arizona. Its height is 4034 feet. McDowell Peak is located approximately half a mile north of the easily recognizable Thompson Peak and shares a ridge with Drinkwater Peak. It is bordered on the south by Bell Pass and on the north by Windgate Pass.The peak is in Scottsdale's McDowell Sonoran Preserve owned and operated by the city of Scottsdale.
 Plettenberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 Pumori (Nepali: पुमोरि) (or Pumo Ri) is a mountain on the Nepal-Tibet border in the Mahalangur section of the Himalaya. Pumori lies just eight kilometres west of Mount Everest. Pumori which means Unmarried Daughter in the Sherpa language was named by George Mallory. Climbers sometimes refer to Pumori as Everest's Daughter.Pumori is a popular climbing peak and the easiest route is graded class 3 although with significant avalanche danger.
 The Schermützelsee is a lake in Brandenburg Germany. It is located in the town of Buckow in the district Märkisch-Oderland northwest of Müncheberg and 45 km (28 mi) east of the Berlin centre. With its surface area of 1.37 km² it is the largest water in the hill country „Märkische Schweiz“ and in the Märkische Schweiz Nature Park. At an elevation of 265 m its depth is maximal 38 m. The lake is fed by the Sophienfließ and groundwater.
 Elvire River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. The first European to see the Elvire River was government surveyor Harry Johnston who surveyed the river in 1884. The river is named after Margaret Elvire Forrest the wife of the then Surveyor-General John Forrest.The river rises north of Halls Creek below Mount Barrett and it flows in an easterly direction before turning north and discharging into the Panton River which is in turn a tributary of the Ord River.
 Earl's Sluice a lost river in south-east London UK; named after the Duke of Gloucester in the time of Henry I. Its source is Ruskin Park on Denmark Hill. In South Bermondsey it joins with the River Peck before emptying into the Thames at Deptford Wharf.Earl's Creek marks the boundary between St Mary's parish Rotherhithe and St Paul's parish Deptford. Until 1899 this was also the Kent-Surrey boundary.
 Laubusbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Calaveras River is a river in the California Central Valley. It flows roughly southwest for 51.9 miles (83.5 km) from the confluence of its north and south forks in Calaveras County to its confluence with the San Joaquin River just west of the city of Stockton.The Spanish word calaveras means skulls. The river was said to have been named by Spanish explorer Gabriel Moraga when he found many skulls of Native Americans along its banks.
 The Austberg also called the Augsberg or Augstberg is a low hill 292 m above sea level in the northern Harz Foreland near the village of Benzingerode in the district of Harz in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt.
 The Youghiogheny River Lake is a flood control reservoir in southwestern Pennsylvania and western Maryland. The lake was formed in 1944 by the damming of the Youghiogheny River upstream from Confluence Pennsylvania. Youghiogheny Dam is an earthen structure 184 feet high and 1610 long at its crest owned and operated by the United States Army Corps of Engineers.
 Huntington Ravine is a glacial cirque on Mount Washington in the White Mountains of New Hampshire. It is named for Joshua H. Huntington the Principal Assistant to State Geologist Charles H. Hitchcock (1836–1919) for the Geological Survey of New Hampshire. Of the four major cirques on Mount Washington (Tuckerman and Huntington Ravines and Oakes Gulf and the Great Gulf) it has the steepest and highest headwall.
 Paradise Dam also known as the Burnett River Dam is a dam in Queensland Australia located on the Burnett River. The dam is situated approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-west of Biggenden and 80 km (50 mi) south-west of Bundaberg.The dam is named for the ghost town of Paradise which is now under water following construction.The Paradise Dam was constructed on behalf of the Queensland Government in 2003-2005 and is owned by a government-owned corporation Burnett Water Pty Ltd.
 Litke is a lunar crater that lies within the large walled plain Fermi near the north-northwestern inner rim. Less than one crater diameter to the west-northwest is the slightly larger Delporte. Litke is located on the far side of the Moon and cannot be viewed directly from the Earth.The rim of Litke is circular to the east and south but the northern and western rims have been pushed inward somewhat. The west rim is irregular and broken through by a pair of worn depressions.
 Siskiyou Summit (also Siskiyou Mtn. Summit; also referred to as Siskiyou Pass) is a summit (high point) on Interstate 5 (I-5) in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is distinct from Siskiyou Pass which is a nearby historical mountain pass. Siskiyou Summit is situated in the Siskiyou Mountains approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) north of the California border. At 4310 feet (1310 m) it is the highest point on Interstate 5.
 The Licking River is a 303-mile-long (488 km) tributary of the Ohio River in northeastern Kentucky in the United States. The river and its tributaries drain much of the region of northeastern Kentucky between the watersheds of the Kentucky River to the west and the Big Sandy River to the east.
 The Little Para River is a seasonal creek running across the Adelaide plains of South Australia whose catchment fills reservoirs that supply some of the water needs of Adelaide’s northern suburbs. It runs from its source near Lower Hermitage in the Mount Lofty Ranges flows north westerly to the Little Para Reservoir and then westerly to the Barker Inlet of the Gulf St Vincent at Globe Derby Park.
 McLaughlin is a lunar crater that is located just behind the northwestern rim on the far side of the Moon. This portion of the surface is sometimes brought into view of the Earth due to libration and the area can then be viewed from a low angle under favorable lighting conditions. McLaughlin lies to the west-southwest of the crater Galvani. About two crater diameters due west lies Rynin.This is a heavily eroded crater with an irregular rim that is mark by a number of smaller impacts.
 The Vaularon is a small river in southern Île-de-France (France) left tributary of the Yvette in Bures-sur-Yvette which is a tributary of the Orge and then the Seine. Its source is in Gometz-le-Chatel in the Essonne department.
 The Pârâul Șarpelui is a tributary of the Şugău River in Romania.
 Hasenberg (Stuttgart) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Große Aschkoppe is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Koonung Creek (or Koonung Koonung Creek) is a small tributary of the Yarra River in Melbourne's east. The creek originates in Nunawading near Springvale Road and flows to join the Yarra at the border between Ivanhoe East Bulleen and Balwyn North. The place the two waterways meet forms the borders between these suburbs. Bushy Creek (now carried by an underground pipe) is a tributary to the creek joining near Elgar Park in Mont Albert North.
 Mulebreen (67°28′S 59°21′E) is a glacier 6 nautical miles (11 km) wide flowing west-northwest into the southeast side of Stefansson Bay Kemp Land Antarctica. First mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition 1936-37 and names Mulebreen Glacier (the snout glacier). This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document Mulebreen Glacier (content from the Geographic Names Information System).
 Piz de Trescolmen is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps situated in the canton of Graubünden Switzerland. It has several summit: the highest at 2652 metres and the southern at 2581 metres. On its southern side it overlooks the Trescolmen Pass (2161 m).
 The Vils is a river in Bavaria Germany right tributary of the Naab. Its source is near Freihung. It is approx. 87 km long. It flows generally south through the towns Vilseck Amberg and Schmidmühlen. It flows into the Naab in Kallmünz.
 Schönfeld is a lunar crater that is located just beyond the northwestern limb of the Moon on the far side from the Earth. This part of the surface can sometimes be brought into view during periods of favorable libration and illumination although not much detail can be discerned. This crater is located to the north of Avicenna and the huge walled plain Lorentz.
 Peri-Banu is a crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Peri-Banu was first discovered in Voyager 2 images but was seen at much higher resolution though near the terminator by Cassini. It is located at 62° North Latitude 322.9° West Longitude and is 18 kilometers across. The western portion of the crater is largely absent either buried or disrupted by the eastern margin of Samarkand Sulci.
 Cleeves Cove or Blair Cove is a solutional cave system on the Dusk Water in North Ayrshire Scotland close to the town of Dalry.
 The Makaretu River is a river of the southern Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. One of numerous roughly parallel rivers it flows east from the slopes of the Ruahine Range north of Dannevirke passing close to the township of Takapau before meeting the waters of the Tukituki River just to the west of Waipukurau.NOTE: There are also at least two rivers in New Zealand called Makaretu Stream.
 Pinnsee is a lake in Kreis Herzogtum Lauenburg Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 2.5 ha.
 Jim Chapman Lake (also known as Cooper Lake) is a 19305-acre (78.12 km2) impoundment operated by the Army Corps of Engineers and is located 75 miles (121 km) east of the Dallas/Fort Worth Metroplex in the state of Texas USA. The reservoir was created by the 1991 Jim Chapman Dam and impounds the South Sulphur River a fork of the Sulphur River and provides water supply storage for the North Texas Municipal Water District the Sulphur River Municipal Water District.
 Kingston Brook is a small river in central England. It arises near Old Dalby Leicestershire on the northern edge of the ridge running from Normanton-on-Soar Nottinghamshire to Belvoir Leicestershire. It runs through Willoughby on the Wolds to the south of Wysall (where it picks up a number of minor tributaries) Costock East Leake (where it is joined by Sheepwash Brook) West Leake and meets the River Soar near Kingston-on-Soar.
 Waskesiu Lake is a lake located roughly in the centre of Prince Albert National Park. The lake's name meaning red deer or elk in the Cree language is also the name of the resort town northwest of Prince Albert Saskatchewan on its eastern shore. Waskesiu Lake is by far the most developed lake in the Park and features a variety of recreational facilities along all sides of its shoreline including two public camp grounds: Red Deer and Beaver Glen.
 Mount Hosmer is a bluff overlooking Lansing Iowa. It is located directly adjacent to the Upper Mississippi River and offers a panoramic view of the river including the Black Hawk Bridge. Mount Hosmer rises 450 feet above downtown Lansing.Accessible from Lansing Mount Hosmer Park is a popular destination for photographers.
 The Lewis River is an 18.1-mile-long (29.1 km) tributary of the Snake River. The entire course of the river is located within the boundaries of Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming. The river is named for Meriwether Lewis commander of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.The Lewis River begins at the southern end of Shoshone Lake and flows southerly approximately 3 miles (5 km) to Lewis Lake. This short stretch of the river is the only portion of the river where boating is permitted.
 Electric Peak is the tallest mountain in the Gallatin Range of southern Montana close to the Wyoming border and rises to an altitude of 10969 feet (3343 m). The peak has some of the greatest physical relief in Yellowstone National Park rising 3389 ft (1033 m) above its base.Electric Peak was named during the first ascent in 1872 by the United States Geological Survey.
 The Algama (Russian: Алгама) is a river in Sakha Republic and Khabarovsk Krai Russia. It is a right tributary of the Gonam.
 The Vologda (Russian: Вологда) is a river in Sheksninsky and Vologodsky Districts of Vologda Oblast as well as in the city of Vologda in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Sukhona River. It is 155 kilometres (96 mi) long and the area of its basin 3030 square kilometres (1170 sq mi). The principal tributaries is the Toshnya (right). The river gives its name to Vologda Oblast and the city of Vologda which is located on the Vologda River.
 The Glan is a river in southwestern Germany right tributary of the Nahe River. It is approximately 68 km (42 miles) long. It rises in the Saarland northwest of Homburg. It flows generally north through Rhineland-Palatinate and empties into the Nahe in Odernheim am Glan near Bad Sobernheim. Other towns along the Glan are Altenglan Glan-Münchweiler Lauterecken and Meisenheim.
 Wilde Gera is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Sârma River is a tributary of the Doamna River in Romania.
 The Whitefish River is a river in Sudbury District in northeastern Ontario Canada and a tributary of Lake Huron.
 The Padma (Bengali: পদ্মা Pôdda) is the name used in Bangladesh for a major trans-boundary river known in India as the main distributary of the Ganges (Bengali: গঙ্গা Gôngga) river that originates in the western Himalayas. The Padma enters Bangladesh from India near Chapai Nababganj.
 The Suhăioasa River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The New River is a 34.4-mile-long (55.4 km) tributary of the Withlacoochee River in the U.S. state of Georgia. Via the Withlacoochee and Suwannee rivers its waters flow to the Gulf of Mexico.The New River rises in the northern outskirts of Tifton Georgia and flows southeast to join the Withlacoochee between the cities of Adel and Nashville. For the lower 2/3 of its course it forms the boundary between Berrien and Cook counties.
 Lake Decatur is a 2800-acre (11 km2) reservoir located in the city of Decatur Illinois east of downtown. The city and lake both share the name of U.S. Navy 	Commodore Stephen Decatur. The lake is 613 feet (187 m) above sea level. Lake Decatur has a watershed of 925 square miles (2396 km² or 592000 acres) spanning 7 counties. The largest lake on the Sangamon River it was created in 1920-1922.
 Rauhajärvi a medium-sized lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Southern Savonia in Finland. It is situated between two big lakes Kyyvesi and Puula and it is a part of Kyyvesi–Puula canoeing route.
 Lake Bienville is a lake in western central Quebec in Canada. The lake was named after Jean-Baptiste Le Moyne de Bienville the younger brother of Sieur d'Iberville. Great Whale River flows through this lake on its way to Hudson Bay.
 The Runcu Mare River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 The Telciu River is a tributary of the Zagon River in Romania. This river is famous for the pirates that roam the waters.[citation needed]
 The Mamquam River is a c.35 km (c. 21 mi) tributary of the Squamish River.
 Y Lliwedd is a mountain connected to Snowdon in the Snowdonia National Park North Wales. Its summit lies 2946 ft (898 m) above sea level. The eastern flanks are steep cliffs rising above Glaslyn and Llyn Llydaw. Y Lliwedd is the most conspicuous of the peaks for those who approach Snowdon via the Miners' and Pyg tracks.
 The Starve Creek is a river of the Bahamas.
 Burt Lake is a 17120 acre (69 km²) lake in Cheboygan County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The western shore of the lake is on the boundary with Emmet County. The lake is named after William Austin Burt who together with John Mullett made a federal survey of the area from 1840 to 1843. The lake is approximately 10 miles (16 km) long from north to south about 5 miles (8 km) at its widest and 73 feet (22 m) at its deepest.
 Crescent Lake is located approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) north of Big Lake. The lake sits at just over 9000 feet (2700 m) elevation on the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forests as such the facilities located here are managed by that authority. Access is restricted in the winter when roads are closed due to snow generally December to early April.
 The Mecca Hills are a low mountain range located in the Colorado Desert in Riverside County southern California.The range lies in an east-west direction.They are located in the eastern of the Coachella Valley west of the Chuckwalla Mountains and south of Interstate 10. The Mecca Hills are north of the Salton Sea and south of Joshua Tree National Park with the Orocopia Mountains to the southeast.
 Iron Mountain is a mountain in the San Gabriel Mountains of Los Angeles County California. Sometimes referenced as Iron Mountain #1 or Big Iron the 8007 ft (2441 m) peak was originally called Sheep Mountain by the early miners in San Gabriel Canyon because of the large bands of bighorn sheep that roamed the slopes. The United States Geological Survey which mapped the San Gabriels in the 1890s ignored the local designation and gave it its present name.
 The Paolina River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Mount Bradshaw (71°28′S 163°52′E) is a mountain peak 2240 metres (7350 ft) high at the northeast side of the névé of Leap Year Glacier 4 nautical miles (7 km) northwest of Ian Peak in the Bowers Mountains a major mountain range situated within Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was so named by the New Zealand Antarctic Place-Names Committee in 1983 after J.D.
 The Red River is a perennial river with no defined major catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Suliniș River ( Hungarian: Battai-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Bray Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Opat River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Punkva is a 29-km long river in South Moravia Czech Republic. It originates in Moravian Karst in underground and flows to Macocha Gorge from which it then flows through the Punkva Caves. After leaving the caves Punkva flows through the valley and several fish ponds. It enters Svitava River in Blansko as its left tributary.
 Lake Carnico is a 114-acre (0.46 km2) reservoir in Nicholas County Kentucky. It was constructed in 1962.
 Ebon Peak is a mountain located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1917 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 Built in 1928 Scott Reservoir is an irrigation impoundment on Porter Creek near Pinetop-Lakeside Arizona. The least developed of the in town lakes trees surround Scott Reservoir. It lies just outside the town limits on the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forests.
 Mount Lamongan is a small stratovolcano located between the massif Tengger caldera complex and Iyang-Argapura volcano complex in East Java Indonesia. The volcano is surrounded by maars and cinder cones. The volcano's high point is locally named as Gunung Tarub. Lake-filled maars including Ranu Pakis Ranu Klakah and Ranu Bedali located on the eastern and western flanks. The northern flanks are dominated by dry maars.
 The Ibie is a 32.9 km (20.4 mi) long river in the Ardèche département southeastern France. Its source is at Saint-Jean-le-Centenier 2 km (1.2 mi) south of the village. It flows generally south-southwest through the northern part of the Côtes du Vivarais AOC. It is a left tributary of the Ardèche into which it flows at Vallon-Pont-d'Arc 1.8 km (1.1 mi) southeast of the village.
 Skora is a river of Poland a tributary of the Czarna Woda.
 The Dez River (Persian: دز‎) the ancient Coprates (Greek: Κοπράτης or Κοπράτας) is a tributary of the Karun River and is 400 km long. It is the site of the Dez Dam.It is believed that a fortress protected a strategic bridge across the river at Dezful whence the name although no trace of this castle remains. The old part of the city adjacent to the bridge is known as the Qaleh (castle).
 The Pinheiros River (Portuguese: Rio Pinheiros) is a tributary of the Tietê River that runs 25 kilometres (16 mi) through the city of São Paulo Brazil. Until 1920 the river was known as Jurubatuba. After being channelized its name was changed to Pinheiros. In southern São Paulo the Pinheiros River is impounded in Billings Reservoir.
 Navajo Mountain (Navajo: Naatsisʼáán) is a peak in San Juan County Utah with its southern flank extending into Coconino County Arizona. It holds an important place in the traditions of three local Native American tribes. The summit is the highest point in the Navajo Nation.
 Paloemeu River is a river in the Sipaliwini District of Suriname. It joins the Tapanahony River at the village of Paloemeu.
 Mount Xiqiao is a 40-50 million year old dormant volcano situated in the south west of the Nanhai District Foshan Guangdong People’s Republic of China some 68 km (42 mi) from Guangzhou. The mountain is an important scenic area and designated as a national forest park and national geological park. Covering an area of 14 square kilometres (5.4 sq mi) the area features a total of 72 peaks with the highest Dacheng Peak (大秤峰) rising to346 m (1135 ft).
 The Gohrisch (wrongly also called the Gohrischstein 440 m) is a table hill in the German region of Saxon Switzerland left of the River Elbe in Saxony.
 Eungbongsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 473 metres (1552 feet).
 The Gojō River (五条川 Gojō-gawa) flows through Gifu and Aichi prefectures in Japan. It empties into the Shin River which is part of the Shōnai River system.
 Turtle Creek is a 21.1-mile-long (34.0 km) tributary of the Monongahela River in Allegheny and Westmoreland counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. At its juncture with the Monongahela is Braddock Pennsylvania where the Battle of the Monongahela (Braddock's Defeat) was fought in 1755. In the mid-19th century the Pennsylvania Railroad laid tracks along the stream as part of its Main Line from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh.
 The Guadiaro is a river in the Spanish provinces of Cádiz and Málaga in the autonomous community of Andalusia Spain. It flows southward from the Sierra Bermeja through the Sierra de Grazalema and discharges into the Mediterranean at Sotogrande. The river is notable for having some of the only marshland on the Costa del Sol. This marsh is protected by a 27 hectares (67 acres) nature preserve.
 The Valea Largă River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 The Jdimir River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 The Patscher Spitze is a mountain of the Rieserferner group on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 The Podu Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Izvoarul Mioarelor River is a tributary of the Râul Doamnei in Romania.
 Bünzau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Wanaque Reservoir is a man-made lake located within Wanaque and Ringwood New Jersey along the Wanaque River. The reservoir came into being in 1928 by the construction of the Raymond Dam along the river in Wanaque. Besides the Wanaque River the reservoir receives water from two diversions: the Pompton Lakes intake which takes water from the Ramapo River and the Two Bridges intake which takes water from the Pompton River.
 The Quirinbach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 Chaliyar is the fourth longest river in Kerala at 169 km in length. The Chaliyar is also known as Chulika River or Beypore River as it nears the sea. Nilambur Edavanna Areekode Kizhuparamba Cheruvadi Mavoor Peruvayal Feroke and Beypore are some of the towns/villages situated along the banks of Chaliyar.
 The Cust River is a river in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It flows east across the upper Canterbury Plains from its source north of the town of Oxford New Zealand flowing into the Cam River / Ruataniwha close to the town of Rangiora. The small town of Cust lies on the banks of the river. The lower part of the river to the south-west of Rangiora is diverted into a channel and called the Main Drain.
 The Padina Calului River is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania.
 The Wallowa River is a tributary of the Grande Ronde River approximately 55 miles (89 km) long in northeastern Oregon in the United States. It drains a valley on the Columbia Plateau in the northeast corner of the state north of Wallowa Mountains.The river begins at the confluence of its east and west forks which rise in southern Wallowa County in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of the Wallowa–Whitman National Forest.
 The Borjug River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Botsford Lake is a lake in the Nelson River drainage basin in Kenora District in northwestern Ontario Canada. It is about 15 kilometres (9 mi) long and 2.2 kilometres (1.4 mi) wide is at an elevation of 356 metres (1168 ft) and lies between the settlements of Superior Junction and McDougall Mills; Rosnel is on the south shore of the lake. The CN transcontinental rail line travels the along the entire south shore.
 Castor (Italian: Castore) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps on the border between Valais Switzerland and the Aosta Valley in Italy. It is the higher of a pair of twin peaks (Zwillinge) the other being Pollux named after the Gemini twins of Roman mythology. Castor's peak is at an elevation of 4228 m (13871 ft) and it lies between Breithorn and Monte Rosa.
 Lake Timiskaming or Lake Temiskaming (French: Lac Témiscamingue) is a large freshwater lake on the provincial boundary between Ontario and Quebec Canada. The lake which forms part of the Ottawa River is 110 kilometres (68 mi) in length and covers an area of almost 295 km2 (114 sq mi). Its water level ranges between 175 m (574 ft) and 179 m (587 ft) above sea-level with a mean annual average of 178.4 m (585 ft). The lake is in places up to 216 m (709 ft) deep.
 Lake Harmony is a dammed glacial lake and the village in Kidder Township Carbon County Pennsylvania United States which shares its name. The lake is drained by the Tobyhanna Creek which flows northwest into the Lehigh River. The village's zip code is 18624.
 Mała Niedźwiedzianka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Niedźwiedzianka.
 The River Loria is a river of Grenada.
 Pruess Lake is a small spring-fed lake in Snake Valley Millard County west-central Utah. It is just south of Garrison and north of Burbank. It was named after Charles Preuss a cartographer who was on John C. Fremont's first and second expeditions. Where or when the spelling error (Preuss vs Pruess) occurred is unknown but all maps and official state naming documents mention the lake's name as Pruess.
 Norwegian Bay is an Arctic ocean waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region. Nunavut Canada. Amund Ringnes Island is to the northwest (separated by 10 km (6.2 mi) wide Hendriksen Strait from Cornwall Island) and Axel Heiberg Island to the north (both islands being part of the Sverdrup Islands) Ellesmere Island is to the east and Devon Island is to the south. Six islands lie within Norwegian Bay:Cornwall Island (the largest and westernmost)Graham IslandBuckinghamTableExmouthEkins↑
 Kaina Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Kaina Lake is south of Kaina Mountain.
 Haslams Creek a southern tributary of the Parramatta River is a creek west of Sydney Harbour located in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It flows through Sydney Olympic Park and joins Parramatta River at Homebush Bay.
 The Scăiuș River is a tributary of the Timișana River in Romania.
 Sun Moon Lake (Chinese: 日月潭; pinyin: Rìyuètán; Wade–Giles: Jih4-yüeh4-t'an2; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ji̍t-goa̍t-thâm; Zintun in the Thao language also Lake Candidus) is the largest body of water in Taiwan as well as a tourist attraction. Situated in Yuchi Nantou the area around the Sun Moon Lake is home to the Thao tribe one of aboriginal tribes in Taiwan. Sun Moon Lake surrounds a tiny island called Lalu. The east side of the lake resembles a sun while the west side resembles a moon hence the name.
 The Valea Curpenei River or Râul Curpeni is a headwater of the Luncavăţ River in Romania.
 Adobe Creek is a 14.2-mile-long (22.9 km) northward-flowing stream originating on Black Mountain in Santa Clara County California United States. It courses through the cities of Los Altos Hills Los Altos and Palo Alto. Historically Adobe Creek was perennial and hosted runs of Steelhead trout entering from southwestern San Francisco Bay.
 Bäke is a river of Berlin and Brandenburg Germany.The river has been moved largely into the Teltow Canal which was constructed between 1900 and 1906.
 Clachnaben (archaically Cloch-na'bain; Scottish Gaelic: Clach na Beinne) is a 589-metre hill in Glen Dye Aberdeenshire Scotland. It is a distinctive hill visible from many points on Lower Deeside and is topped with a large granite tor.
 Ba Bể Lake (Vietnamese: Hồ Ba Bể; Ba means Three Bể is from the Tay language word pé meaning lake) is the largest natural lake in Vietnam. It is located in Nam Mẫu commune Bắc Kạn district Bắc Kạn Province in the Northeast region of the country.Having been formed approximately 200 million years ago the lake is surrounded by limestone cliffs which in turn are covered by primary forests. The lake comprises three zones named Pé Lầm Pé Lù and Pé Lèng.
 The Dandenong Ranges (commonly just the Dandenongs) are a set of low mountain ranges rising to 633 metres at Mount Dandenong approximately 35 km east of Melbourne Victoria Australia. The ranges consist mostly of rolling hills steeply weathered valleys and gullies covered in thick temperate rainforest predominantly of tall Mountain Ash trees and dense ferny undergrowth.After European settlement in the region the range was used as a main source of timber for Melbourne.
 Hanging Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the north slopes of Mount Shuksan. Hanging Glacier is connnected to Crystal Glacier at its uppermost margin and also flows into Upper Curtis Glacier. Hanging Glacier is along the route taken in the first technical ascent of Mount Shuksan in 1939.
 Lake Yalchik (Russian: Яльчик Mari: Ялчык Jalčik) is the largest lake in Mari El Russia located in the Marii Chodra national park. Lake Yalchik plays a major role in tourism in region and several tourist centres are located here. It is renowned locally for its clean and warm water.
 The Vilaine (Breton: Gwilen) is a river in Brittany in the west of France. The river's source is in the Mayenne département (53) and flows out in the Atlantic Ocean at Pénestin in the Morbihan département (56). It is 218 km long. The river is joined to the Rance by means of the Canal d'Ille-et-Rance by the commune of Évran.
 The Stolnicioara River is a tributary of the Izvorul River in Romania.
 A tributary of the River Wandle Norbury Brook rises near Lower Addiscombe Road and flows north-west through Selhurst Thornton Heath and Norbury to join the Wandle at south Wimbledon. A short stretch of this is visible in South Norwood at Heavers' Meadow near Selhurst railway station where the brook can be seen in a concrete channel next to the British Rail works as it runs north west along the bottom of the site before disappearing beneath Selhurst Road.
 The Pârâul Iute is a tributary of the Mija Mare River in Romania.
 The Craiova River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Corcogemore or Corcoge More (Irish: Corcóg) is a 609-metre (1998 ft) mountain in County Galway Ireland. It is in the east of the Maumturks range which lie within the Connemara region.Corcogemore is the most southerly summit and also the second most easterly in the Maamturks area.The R336 passes between Corcogemore and Lackavrea providing access to both mountains.
 The Shannon River (Minnesota) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Imjin River (hangeul: 임진강 hanja: 臨津江) is the 7th largest river in Korea North and South Korea. It flows from north to south crossing the Demilitarized Zone and joining the Han River downstream of Seoul very near the Yellow Sea.The river is not the namesake of the Imjin Waeran Japanese invasions of Korea in the late 1500s.
 Eğirdir (Turkish: Eğirdir Gölü formerly Eğridir) is the name of a lake and of the town situated on the shore of that lake (Eğirdir) in Turkey. The lake lies in the Turkish Lakes Region and is 186 kilometers (116 mi) north of Antalya. With an area of 482 square kilometres (186 sq mi) it is the fourth largest (second largest freshwater) lake in Turkey.
 Split Lake is a small lake in the north of Northland Region New Zealand. It is near to the coast of the Tasman Sea and Ahipara Bay.
 Beckett is a pit-floored crater on Mercury which was discovered in January 2008 during the first flyby of the planet by MESSENGER spacecraft. Its floor is not smooth and displays a telephone or arc-shaped collapse feature which is also called a central pit. The size of the pit is 35 × 7.5 km. Such a feature may have resulted from the collapse of a magma chamber underlying the central part of the crater. The collapse feature is an analog of Earth's volcanic calderas.
 Mosquito Mountain is a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada and Lake County Oregon.
 The Călimănelul cel Tulbure River is a headwater of the Călimănel River in Romania.
 The Ascâtar River is a headwater of the Iordana River in Romania.
 The Tempoal River is a river of Mexico.
 The Groza River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
 Timmelsjoch (Italian: Passo del Rombo) (elevation 2474 m 8117 ft) is a high mountain pass that creates a link through the Ötztal Alps along the border between Austria and Italy.The Timmelsjoch connects the Ötztal valley in the Austrian state of Tyrol to the Passeier Valley in the Italian province of South Tyrol as it bridges the saddle point between the Jochköpfl (3141 m 10305 ft) and Wurmkogl (3082 m 10112 ft) peaks to its northeast and southwest respectively.
 Utcubamba or Utkupampa (Quechua utku cotton pampa a large plain cotton plain) is a river in the Amazonas Region of Peru located at 5°32′6″S 78°33′9″W. The name is a historical reference to the past agricultural practice of growing cotton in the Utcubamba Valley.[citation needed]The Utcubamba River originates in the highlands of the central mountain range then it flows north through the Amazonas Region before joining the Marañón River.
 Campbells Creek is a tributary of the Kanawha River 18.5 miles (29.8 km) long in West Virginia in the United States. Via the Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 39.3 square miles (102 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau in the Charleston metropolitan area.Campbells Creek flows for its entire length in Kanawha County.
 The Jiloca is a river in Aragón Spain a tributary of the river Jalón and part of the watershed of the Ebro basin. The course of the river runs through the provinces of Teruel and Zaragoza. It has a length of 126 kilometres (78 mi) and an average flow rate of 2.1 cubic metres per second (74 cu ft/s) although this varies between the seasons. The river flows in a generally north easterly direction from its source near Monreal del Campo.
 Wailoa River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Waingaro River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It initially flows east down a straight valley from the eastern flanks of Mount Cobb before turning to flow generally north close to the eastern edge of Kahurangi National Park. Once it reaches the Takaka Plains it flows northeast to reach the Takaka River eight kilometres south of Takaka.
 Middle Fork Little Snake River is a 17.5-mile-long (28.2 km) tributary of the Little Snake River in Routt County Colorado. It flows from a source near the Continental Divide in Routt National Forest to a confluence with the North Fork Little Snake River that forms the Little Snake River.
 The Pârâul Merilor or Valea Merilor River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 San Benedicto formerly Santo Tomás is an uninhabited island and third largest island of the Revillagigedo Islands located in the Pacific ocean.It is 4.8 km by 2.4 km in size with an area 10 km². It is of volcanic origin. It has two prominent peaks. The tallest peak Bárcena rises to a height of 332 metres (1089 feet) near the southern part of the island. It forms a typical volcanic crater.
 Lake James is a large reservoir in the mountains of Western North Carolina which straddles the border between Burke and McDowell Counties. It is named for tobacco tycoon and benefactor of Duke University James Buchanan Duke. The lake lies behind a series of 4 earthen dams. It was created by Duke Power between 1916-1923 as a hydro-electric project. It still generates power today and is the uppermost lake on the Catawba River system.
 Styggehøbretindene is a mountain ridge surrounding the glacier Styggehøbreen in Jotunheimen of southern Norway. The highest peak is Søraustre Styggehøbretind (=southeastern S.) it reaches 2232 m (7323 ft) above sea level.
 Ray Lake is a lake located in Wells Gray Provincial Park east-central British Columbia Canada. It is fed by and drained by Falls Creek which flows into the Clearwater River at its outlet from Clearwater Lake.
 Lake Greenwood is formed by a hydroelectric dam across the Saluda River. The lake has 212 miles (341 km) of shoreline and 11400 acres (46 km2). The Reedy River joins the Saluda at Lake Greenwood. Lake Greenwood is used for recreational boating and fishing.Lake Greenwood was created between 1935 and 1940 by the construction of the Buzzard's Roost Dam near Chappells SC.
 Wannebach (Ruhr Westhofen) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mullaghcarn (from Irish: Mullach Cairn meaning peak of the cairns) is a mountain in the southwest Sperrins County Tyrone Northern Ireland. The peak reaches a height of 542 m (1778 ft) and is the 370th highest in Ireland. Mullaghcarn is in Omagh District Council on the edge of Gortin Glen Forest Park and is the most southerly peak in the Sperrins. It is 5 miles (8.0 km) northeast of Omagh and is 3.1 miles (5.0 km) south of Gortin.
 Highland Bayou is a river in Texas.
 Cleaver Lake is a lake in Timiskaming District Ontario Canada. It is about 800 metres (2625 ft) long and 150 metres (492 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 328 metres (1076 ft) about 16 kilometres (10 mi) northwest of the community of Gowganda and about 21.7 kilometres (13.5 mi) southwest of Matachewan. The primary inflow and outflow is Cleaver Creek which flows into the West Montreal River a tributary of the Montreal River and part of the Ottawa River system.
 Nottawa Creek (also known as Nottawa River Nottawaseepe River and Nottawaseppe River) is a 33.9-mile-long (54.6 km) stream in the U.S. state of Michigan that flows into the St. Joseph River at 42°00′15″N 85°23′40″W approximately three miles east of the village of Mendon. The Nottawa is formed by the outflow of Nottawa Lake in south central Calhoun County. The lake is fed by Nottawa Drain which along with Goose Pond Drain drains an area to the east of the lake.
 Blåmannsisen (Lule Sami: Ålmåjalosjiegŋa) is the fifth largest glacier in mainland Norway. It is located on the border of the municipalities of Fauske and Sørfold in Nordland county Norway—just 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of the border with Sweden.Its highest point is 1560 metres (5120 ft) above sea level and its lowest point is at an elevation of 810 metres (2660 ft). Three outlet glaciers extend from the icecap.
 Big Spring is one of the largest springs in the United States and the world. An enormous first magnitude spring it rises at the base of a bluff on the west side of the Current River valley in the Missouri Ozarks.
 Peel Sound is an Arctic waterway in the Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. It separates Somerset Island on the east from Prince of Wales Island on the west. To the north it opens onto Parry Channel while its southern end merges with Franklin Strait.There are several named islands within the sound including: Lock Vivian Prescott Pandora Otrick Barth De la Roquette and Gibson.Sir John Franklin passed through the strait in 1846. Its east side was traced by James Clark Ross in 1849.
 The Puturosu River is a tributary of the Călmăţui River in Romania.
 Mount Kita (北岳 Kita-dake) is the second tallest mountain in Japan after Mount Fuji and is known as the Leader of the Southern Alps. It is included in the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains. It is situated in the city of Minami-Alps Yamanashi Prefecture Japan. It is part of the Akaishi Mountains which are known as the Southern Alps (南アルプス Minami-Arupusu).
 The Río Grande de Manatí is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Cañas River also known as Río Canas is a river in the municipality of Ponce Puerto Rico. It is also known as Río Magueyes in the area of barrio Magueyes in the municipality of Ponce. This river is one of the 14 rivers in the municipality.
 The Semeni River or Dotmir River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 The West Branch Sugar River is a tributary of the Sugar River about 22.3 miles (36 km) long in south central Wisconsin in the United States. Via the Sugar Pecatonica and Rock Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. Its watershed lies entirely within Dane County.
 Cima de Nomnom is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps loverlooking Cauco in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the Val Calanca and the Val Mesolcina north of Piz de Groven.
 Black Mesa is a mesa in the U.S. states of Colorado New Mexico and Oklahoma. It extends from Mesa de Maya Colorado southeasterly 28 miles (45 km) along the north bank of the Cimarron River crossing the northeast corner of New Mexico to end at the confluence of the Cimarron and Carrizo Creek near Kenton in the Oklahoma panhandle. Its highest elevation is 5712 feet (1741 m) in Colorado. The highest point of Black Mesa within New Mexico is 5266 feet (1605 m).
 The Po (Latin: Padus and Eridanus; Italian: Po Italian pronunciation: [ˈpɔ]; ancient Ligurian: Bodincus or Bodencus; Greek: Πάδος and Ἠριδανός) is a river that flows either 652 km (405 mi) or 682 km (424 mi) – considering the length of the Maira a right bank tributary – eastward across northern Italy from a spring seeping from a stony hillside at Pian del Re a flat place at the head of the Val Po under the northwest face of Monviso (in the Cottian Alps) through a delta projecting into the Adriatic Sea near Venice. 
 The Shasta River is a tributary of the Klamath River approximately 58 miles (93 km) long in northern California in the United States. It drains the Shasta Valley on the west and north sides of Mount Shasta in the Cascade Range.The river rises in southern Siskiyou County on the edge of the Shasta-Trinity National Forest approximately 10 miles (16 km) southwest of Weed. It flows generally northwest through the Shasta Valley past Weed through Lake Shastina and past Montague.
 Lake Dissoni also known as Lake Soden is a small lake in the volcanic chain in the Southwest Region of Cameroon. This volcanic lake has diameter of about 1.25 km (0.78 mi) and is at the southeastern foot of the Rumpi Hills.There are only three fish species in the lake but all these are endemic: A poeciliid (Procatopus lacustris though probably a synonym of the more widespread P. similis) an undescribed catfish (Clarias sp.) and an undescribed barb (Barbus sp.).
 Hawke Bay is a large bay on the eastern coast of the North Island of New Zealand. It stretches from the Mahia Peninsula in the northeast to Cape Kidnappers in the southwest a distance of some 100 kilometres.Captain James Cook sailing in HM Bark Endeavour sailed into the bay on 12 October 1769.
 Wild Bank is a hill in Stalybridge just outside the Peak District National Park. Its western flank rises from the valley of the River Tame to a height of 399 metres. To the east of the summit the ground falls away more gradually to Shaw Moor and Hollingworthhall Moor beyond which are Mottram in Longdendale and Hollingworth. Since 2004 the moorland in the area of the pike has been classed as access land.
 The Manchester Ship Canal is an inland waterway 36 miles (58 km) long in the North West of England. Starting at the Mersey Estuary near Liverpool it generally follows the original routes of the rivers Mersey and Irwell through the historic counties of Cheshire and Lancashire. Several sets of locks lift vessels about 60 feet (18 m) up to Manchester where the canal's terminus was built.
 Indian Harbour Lake is a Canadian rural community and lake of the same name located in Guysborough County Nova Scotia. Indian Harbour Lake is a small community located in Nova Scotia Canada. It is nestled ten minutes outside of Sherbrooke (the seat of power for the District of St. Mary's) and 2.5 hours from the capital of Nova Scotia Halifax.
 Brandsnutene is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway. Is the second highest mountain in the country of the mountains with a prominence of at least 50 meters.
 Bayano River is a river of Panama in the Panamá Province. It is an alternative name for the upper part of the Chepo River.It is named after Bayano the leader of a slave revolt and ruler of a kingdom of former slaves in 16th century Panama.It was dammed in the 70s creating Lago Bayano. This dam provides much of the electrical power for Panama City.
 Lake Venado is an endorheic lake located at the foot of Mount Apo in the province of North Cotabato Mindanao Philippines. It is the highest lake in the country found in coordinates 7°00′8″N 125°16′10″E with an estimated surface elevation of 7200 feet (2194 m above sea level). The lake is fed by local run-off and there is no outflow from the lake.
 The Claro River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Volcán Tajumulco is a large stratovolcano in the department of San Marcos in western Guatemala. It is the highest mountain in Central America at 4220 metres (13845 ft). Although Tajumulco has had several historical reports of volcanic eruptions none has been confirmed to be a true eruption.Volcán Tajumulco was declared a protected area in 1956. Trips up the mountain can be arranged by various groups in the city of Quetzaltenango.
 Mount Takami (高見山 Takami-san/Takami-yama) is a 1248.3 m (4095 ft) mountain of Daiko Mountains which is located on the border of Higashiyoshino Nara and Matsusaka Mie Japan
 The Chenango River is a 90-mile-long (140 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in central New York in the United States. It drains a dissected plateau area in upstate New York at the northern end of the Susquehanna watershed.Named after the Oneida word for bull thistle in the 19th century the Chenango furnished a critical link in the canal system of the northeastern United States.
 The Manawatu River is a major river of the southern North Island of New Zealand.The river has its headwaters to the northwest of Norsewood in the Ruahine Ranges of southern Hawke's Bay. It flows initially eastward before turning south-west near Ormondville flowing 40 km before turning north-west near Woodville. At this point the river enters the Manawatu Gorge.
 The Putina River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
 The Valea Vlazilor River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Puzzle Mountain is a twin-summit mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 9 km (6 mi) east of Gold River and 6 km (4 mi) northwest of Mount Colonel Foster.
 Kåfjorden (Northern Sami: Gáivuotna; Kven: Kaivuono) is a fjord in the municipality of Gáivuotna–Kåfjord in Troms county Norway. The 20-kilometre (12 mi) long fjord is a branch off the main Lyngen stretching further inland to the village of Birtavarre. The European route E06 highway runs around the entire fjord.
 Karmutzen Mountain is a mountain located in the Karmutzen Range on Vancouver Island in British Columbia. It is to the west of Nimpkish Lake which was formally known as Karmutzen Lake.
 Colombo is a lunar impact crater that lies on the strip of rough continental terrain between Mare Fecunditatis to the east and Mare Nectaris in the west. It is located to the south of the crater Goclenius and northwest of Cook.The rim of Colombo is circular although slightly indented along the northwest where Colombo A intrudes slightly into the interior. The inner wall is asymmetrical being much more narrow to the north and northwest and wider to the southeast.
 Potton Brook rises east of Gamlingay Cambridgeshire and flows southwest and then south through Potton and the John O'Gaunt Golf Club and into Sutton Bedfordshire. Potton Brook curves west and northwest and joins the River Ivel northeast of Lower Caldecote.
 The Ciucani River is a tributary of the Fișag River in Romania.
 Clearwater Lake is a reservoir on the Black River six miles from Piedmont Missouri. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers uses Clearwater for flood control in the White and lower Mississippi River Basins.Construction began in 1940 but was halted temporarily at the advent of World War II. Clearwater Lake Dam opened in 1948 as an earthen and concrete dam 114 feet high.
 The Afram River is a 100 km river in Ghana. Prior to the construction of the Akosombo Dam in the 1960s the Afram is a principal tributary of the Volta River and today is an equally important tributary of Lake Volta. The river runs roughly in a southwesterly direction. It collects all the drainage of the Kwahu Plateau.
 The Sextener Rotwand (Italian: Croda Rossa di Sesto; German: Sextener Rotwand) or Zehner is a mountain in the Sexten Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Bulz River is a headwater of the Crișul Pietros River in Romania.
 Scotts Mountain is a mountain in Warren County New Jersey. The mountain covers portions of Harmony Lopatcong Franklin and Washington Townships; the main summit rises to 1086 feet (331 m) and is located in Harmony. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains although somewhat isolated to the west of the main body of the Highlands.
 The Campos Novos River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Bachumer Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Sierra de las Nieves is a mountain range of the Penibaetic System in Málaga Province Andalusia Spain. Its highest point is the 1919 m high La Torrecilla peak. Enamorados (1775 m) is another notable peak. The Sierra de las Nieves is named after the snow that sometimes covers its heights in the winter and that formerly was gathered in ice pits for local use.
 Lac des Autannes is a lake above Grimentz in the canton of Valais Switzerland. The reservoir has a surface area of 3.3 ha. It is located at an elevation of 2686 m.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Mellomnuten is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Crystal Cave Gibraltar is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Bidyadhari River (Bengali: বিদ্যাধরী নদী) (also spelt Vidyadhari or simply called Bidya) is a river in the Indian state of West Bengal. It originates near Haringhata in Nadia district and then flows through Deganga Habra and Barasat areas of North 24 Parganas before joining the Raimangal River in the Sundarbans.The river has formed a major navigation route for earlier civilisations. The river port of Chandraketugarh in the third century BC was on the banks of this river.
 The Piatra Caprei River is a tributary of the Sâmbăta River in Romania.
 Aukštoji Gervė is a river of Biržai district municipality Panevėžys County northern Lithuania. It flows for 26 kilometres and has a basin area of 109 km².
 Kuhberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Cargill Creek is a river of the Bahamas.
 At 926 m above sea level the Achtermannshöhe (also just called the Achtermann) in the Harz National Park is the third highest mountain in Lower Saxony and the fourth highest in the Harz mountains.It lies in the unparished area of Harz between the Harz-Heide route (B 4) and the old Inner German Border about 6 km north of Braunlage. Its summit covered with loose boulders stands proud of the surrounding trees and offers a superb all-round view.
 The River Tweed or Tweed Water (Scottish Gaelic: Abhainn Thuaidh Scots: Watter o Tweid) is 97 miles (156 km) long and flows primarily through the scenic Borders region of Scotland and eastwards from the settlements on opposing banks of Birgham and Carham forms the historic boundary between Scotland and England. It rises on Tweedsmuir at Tweed's Well near where the Clyde draining northwest and the Annan draining south also rise.
 Mount Pipairo (ピパイロ岳 Pipairo-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Beaver Lake is a 158 acre (64 ha) reservoir in Anderson County Kentucky. Created in 1963 it is owned by the Kentucky Department of Fish and Wildlife Resources.
 The Hopkins River is located in the central South Island of New Zealand. It flows south for 40 kilometres from the Southern Alps into the northern end of Lake Ohau in the Mackenzie Country.Its headwaters on the southern slopes of Mount Hopkins form the northernmost point of Otago and the river's braided valley is part of the border between Otago and Canterbury. The river's main tributary is the Dobson River.
 The San Jacinto River is a 42-mile-long (68 km) river in Riverside County California. The river's headwaters are in San Bernardino National Forest but the lower portion of the 765-square-mile (1980 km2) watershed is urban and agricultural land.The river is formed at the west base of the San Jacinto Mountains by the confluence of its North and South forks. The South Fork flows from Lake Hemet which holds 14000 acre feet (17000000 m3) of water.
 The Columbia River is the largest river in the Pacific Northwest region of North America. The river rises in the Rocky Mountains of British Columbia Canada. It flows northwest and then south into the US state of Washington then turns west to form most of the border between Washington and the state of Oregon before emptying into the Pacific Ocean. The river is 1243 miles (2000 km) long and its largest tributary is the Snake River.
 Mount Otofuke (音更山 Otofuke-yama) is part of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Krapina is a Croatian river flowing through Krapina-Zagorje County and Zagreb County. It is a tributary to the Sava. The confluence of the Krapina River and the Sava River is near Zaprešić. Its length is 75 km (47 mi) and its basin covers an area of 1123 km2 (434 sq mi).The hydrological parameters of Krapina are regularly monitored in Croatia at Kupljenovo.
 Gainesville Lake is a reservoir in northwest Alabama on the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway. Close to Gainesville it is impounded by the Howell Heflin Lock and Dam.
 The Valea Strungilor River is a tributary of the Turișor River in Romania.
 The Puturosu River is a tributary of the Cascue River in Romania.
 The Nieuwe Waterweg (New Waterway) is a ship canal in the Netherlands from het Scheur (a branch of the Rhine-Meuse-Scheldt delta) west of the town of Maassluis to the North Sea at Hook of Holland: the Maasmond where the Nieuwe Waterweg connects to the Maasgeul.
 The Barakar River is the main tributary of the Damodar River in eastern India. Originating near Padma in Hazaribagh district of Jharkhand it flows for 225 kilometers (140 mi) across the northern part of the Chota Nagpur Plateau mostly in a west to east direction before joining the Damodar near Dishergarh in Bardhaman district of West Bengal. It has a catchment area of 6159 km2 (2378 sq mi). The main tributaries Barsoti and Usri flow in from the south and north respectively.
 Mount Gede or Gunung Gede (Big Mountain in Sundanese) is a stratovolcano in West Java Indonesia. The volcano contains two peaks with Mount Gede as one peak and Mount Pangrango for the other one. Three major cities Cianjur Sukabumi and Bogor are located in the volcano complex at the east south and northwest respectively along with suburban growth.
 Coma del Clot is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2739 metres above sea level.
 Großer Prebelowsee is a lake in Rheinsberger Seenplatte Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 55.7 m its surface area is 2.8 km². It is located in Prebelow an Ortsteil of the town of Rheinsberg.
 The Lăzești River is a tributary of the Neagra River in Romania.
 South River Peak elevation 13104 ft (3994 m) is a summit San Juan Mountains of southern Colorado. The mountain is in the Weminuche Wilderness of Rio Grande National Forest.
 Mole River a watercourse of the Dumaresq-Macintyre catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 Stura di Lanzo (Latin: Varus) is a 65-km long river in north-western Italy (Piedmont). It is formed from several tributaries near Lanzo Torinese. It flows into the river Po in Turin.The name Stura has Celtic origin: stur which means to fall.
 The River Ingrebourne /ˈɪŋɡərˌbɔərn/ is a tributary of the River Thames 27 miles (43.3 km) in length. It is considered a strategic waterway in London forming part of the Blue Ribbon Network. It flows through the London Borough of Havering roughly from north to south joining the Thames at Rainham.
 108 Mile Lake is a glacial lake located in the Cariboo region of British Columbia Canada. The lake is named after the nearby town 108 Mile Ranch.108 Mile Lake is connected to Sepa Lake (a smaller lake to the south). The channel between the two lakes was dredged in the late 1980s allowing a free flow of water between thetwo basins. The lake is a popular fishing hiking and mountain biking spot.
 The Aninoasa River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Elkhorn Creek is a 23.7-mile-long (38.1 km) tributary of the Tug Fork belonging to the Ohio River and Mississippi River watersheds. It is located in McDowell and Mercer counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia. Elkhorn Creek is also known as Elkhorn Fork and Elkhorn River.
 Michelsberg (Kelheim) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Ysgafell Wen Far North Top is a top of Ysgafell Wen North Top in Snowdonia North Wales. It lies directly to the west of Ysgafell Wen North Top and rises as a rocky outcrop from one of the dog lakes Llynnau'r Cwn.
 Lake Poteriteri is the southernmost of the large lakes in Fiordland National Park in New Zealand's South Island. Only Lakes Hakapoua and Innes lie further south on the southern of New Zealand's two main islands. It is located 40 kilometres to the west of the town of Tuatapere.Lying in a steep-sided mountain valley Poteriteri runs roughly north-south for a distance of 28 kilometres with an average width of under two kilometres.
 Igara Paraná River (Spanish pronunciation: [iˈɣaɾa paɾaˈna]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin and is a tributary of the Putumayo River.
 Yeda Peak is a volcano and the highest peak of the Spectrum Range in the Boundary Ranges of northwestern British Columbia Canada located 57 km (35 mi) southwest of Tatogga and 5 km (3 mi) south of Kitsu Peak. It is believed Yeda Peak last erupted during the Pliocene period.
 Sol (Russian: Соль) is a river in Perm Krai and Komi Republic Russia a left tributary of Chyornaya River which in turn is a tributary of Veslyana River. The length of the river is 23 km.The source of the river is located in the northeastern portion of Koygorodsky District of Komi Republic 199 m above sea level. Its mouth is located west of the settlement of Chernorechensky 164 m above sea level.
 The Coghinas is a river of northern Sardinia Italy.
 The Orzea River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Signalhorn (2911 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of Eischoll in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Turtmann and Ginals.
 Napte is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Madeleine is a river in eastern France in the Territoire de Belfort département. It is 25 km long and its basin area is 92 km².It begins in the Vosges mountains near the commune of Lamadeleine-Val-des-Anges. It joins the river Saint-Nicolas in the village Bretagne at 340 m above sea level to form the river Bourbeuse.
 Kediet ej Jill is a mountain in Tiris Zemmour Mauritania with the city of Zouérat on its east and Fderick at west. At 915 m (3002 ft) tall Kediet ej Jill is the highest peak in Mauritania.The entire mountain is made of magnetite which gives its blue colour.Due to the magnetic field the compass is lost. That field has allowed to discover other deposits in the region (magnetite guelbs) in the 1960s.
 The Tazlăul Sărat River is a tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania.
 The Pragser Wildsee or Lake Prags Lake Braies (Italian: Lago di Braies; German: Pragser Wildsee) is a lake in the Prags Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy. It belongs to the municipality of Prags which is located in the Prags valley.During World War II it was the scene of the transport of concentration camp inmates to Tyrol.
 The Melito is an Italian river whose source is in Aspromonte National Park. The river flows south past Bagaladi and San Lorenzo before emptying into the Ionian Sea by Melito di Porto Salvo.
 Gleiritschbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Taylor Lake is a lake adjacent to Clear Lake southeast of Houston Texas USA near Galveston Bay. The city of Taylor Lake Village lies on its shores within the Clear Lake Area of the Houston-Sugar Land-Baytown metropolitan area.
 Mount Herzl (Hebrew: הר הרצל‎) also Har HaZikaron (Hebrew: הר הזכרון‎ lit. Mount of Remembrance) is the site of Israel's national cemetery and other memorial and educational facilities found on the west side of Jerusalem beside Jerusalem Forest. It is named for Theodor Herzl the founder of modern political Zionism. Herzl's tomb lies at the top of the hill. Yad Vashem which commemorates the Holocaust lies to the west of Mt. Herzl. Israel's war dead are also buried there.
 The Haine (French: Haine Dutch: Hene German: Henne) is a river in southern Belgium (Hainaut) and northern France (Nord) right tributary of the river Scheldt. The Haine gave its name to the County of Hainaut and the present province of Hainaut. Its source is in Anderlues Belgium. As the western end of the sillon industriel Wallonia's industrial backbone it flows through the heavily industrialized Borinage region notably the towns La Louvière Mons and Saint-Ghislain.
 The Vištupis is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 6.2 kilometres.The river flows into the Smilga which is a tributary of the Nevėžis in turn a tributary of the Neman River.
 Pointe d'Andey is a mountain of Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Bornes Massif range. It has an altitude of 1877 metres above sea level.
 The Hidișel River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania.
 The Da Fartura River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Suur Pehmejärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Khyargas Lake (Mongolian: Хяргас нуур) is a salt lake in Khyargas district Uvs Province Western Mongolia.Some sources are using different Khyargas Lake statistics values:Water level: 1035.29 mSurface area: 1481.1 km²Average depth: 50.7 mVolume: 75.2 km³.The Khyargas Lake National Park is based on the lake. This protected area was established in 2000 and covers about 3328 km². It also includes a freshwater Airag Lake.
 The Arama River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Ohre is a river in northern Germany left tributary to the Elbe. Its total length is 103 km. Its source is north of Wolfsburg in Lower Saxony. It flows generally south-east at first following the border of Lower Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt. After Buchhorst it flows completely through Saxony-Anhalt along the Mittellandkanal. It flows into the Elbe in Rogätz north of Magdeburg. The towns Brome Calvörde Haldensleben and Wolmirstedt lie along the river.
 Wantaeksan is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 916.1 m (3006 ft).
 Saha is a lunar impact crater on the Moon's far side behind the eastern limb as seen from the Earth. It lies less than one crater diameter due east of the similar-sized Wyld and to the north-northwest of the large walled plain Pasteur.This crater has been worn and damaged by subsequent impacts including the satellite crater Saha W which lies across the northwest rim and inner wall.
 Paulina Lake is one of the twin crater lakes in Newberry Crater central Oregon United States (the other being East Lake). It is located 6331 feet (1930 m) above sea level in the Deschutes National Forest near La Pine. The lake's primary inflow is seepage from East Lake snow melt and hot springs and its outflow is Paulina Creek a tributary of the Deschutes River.
 Kitami Mountains (北見山地 Kitami-sanchi) is a mountain range of Hokkaidō Japan. Unlike much of the rest of Japan the Kitami Mountains are not very seismically active.The Kitami Mountains are north of the Ishikari Mountains and east of the Teshio Mountains. A depression separates the Kitami Mountains from the Yubari Mountains. The highest point in the Kitami Mountains is Mount Teshio. Mount Teshio sits atop the Wenshiri horst.
 Deer Island Lake is a lake located in Gogebic County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The Lake is one of about 24 clear clean lakes located in a special wilderness area known as the Sylvania Wilderness which in turn is located within the Ottawa National Forest a few miles (6 to 8 km) to the west of the town of Watersmeet. The shoreline is completely undeveloped and surrounded by virgin forest consisting mainly of hemlock and pine.
 Domjüchsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 64 m its surface area is 0.247 km².
 The Valea Popii River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 The Vălișoara River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Ocate Peak or the older name Ocate Crater is a volcano in Mora County northeastern New Mexico. It was a landmark on the old Santa Fe Trail before the development of the Cimarron Cutoff.Ocate Peak is located just southeast of the community of Ocate and State Road 120 passes just north of it.
 The Western Little River or the Northwest Branch is a tributary of the Pleasant River in Washington County Maine. From its source (44°46′59″N 67°50′18″W) in Maine Township 18 MD BPP the river runs 11.2 miles (18.0 km) southeast and south to its confluence with the Pleasant River at Little River Corner in Columbia.
 Schmidt Glacier (53°3′S 73°24′E) is a glacier 0.7 nautical miles (1.3 km) long flowing west from Baudissin Glacier between Mount Drygalski and North West Cornice on the west side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. To the north of Schmidt Glacier is Baudissin Glacier whose terminus is located at the western side of Corinthian Bay near Sealers Cove. Kildalkey Head is west of Schmidt Glacier.
 The Mangapa River is a river of the far north of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south from its sources in the Omahuta Forest to reach the Waipapa River 25 kilometres west of Kerikeri.
 The Acangapiranga River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Bachman Lake is a small freshwater lake located in the Love Field neighborhood of northwest Dallas Texas (USA). It covers 205 acres (0.83 km2) in northwest Dallas and lies on the northwest boundary of Dallas Love Field in the airport's landing path. It was originally constructed in 1903 by damming Bachman Branch as a water source for Dallas but it proved to be too small for their needs and was supplanted by White Rock Lake in 1911.Today Bachman Lake is used as a recreational area.
 The Salt River Range is a mountain range in western Wyoming. The 56 mile long range forms the eastern boundary of Star Valley as well as the western boundary of the Greys River valley.The highest point is Mount Fitzpatrick at 10907 feet (3324 m).
 Pike Lake is a lake of Lanark County in eastern Ontario Canada. It is located southwest of the town of Perth northwest of Big Rideau Lake and due north of Upper Rideau Lake.Pike Lake is significantly longer than it is wide and it is easily accessible by road.
 The Kali Sindh is a river in the Malwa region of Madhya Pradesh that joins the Chambal River at downstream of Sawai Madhopur in Rajasthan. It belongs to the Ganges Basin. The Kali Sindh originates from Bagli (District Dewas) in Madhya Pradesh. It crosses the State Highway No 18 connecting Indore and state capital Bhopal near Sonkatch and blocks the road traffic for hours when in flood. The main tributaries of the Kali Sindh are Parwan Niwaj and Ahu Rivers.
 The Hohmad (also spelled Homad) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located south of Blumenstein in the canton of Bern. It lies on the range north of the Simmental approximately halfway between the Gantrisch and the Stockhorn.
 Kumbuna River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Fox Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Otter Lake is located in the Township of Seguin (formerly Foley Township) in the District of Parry Sound Ontario Canada. Otter Lake was originally named 'Nigge-Cu-Bing' (Lake of Many Otters) by the original Native American inhabitants.The lake is easily recognizable because of its unique form. The Long Arm being a long narrow portion which goes to the east. The Little Long Arm protrudes to the west.
 Clayton Mountain (10219 ft (3115 m)) is located in the Absaroka Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. On August 20 1937 fifteen firefighters were killed on the west slopes of Clayton Mountain while fighting the Blackwater fire. The peak was named after United States Forest Service (USFS) ranger Alfred G. Clayton who perished along with members of his crew during the fire.
 Tresidder Peak is a mountain in Yosemite National Park California. The mountain has two summits (arêtes) with the southern arête being the highest. The elevation of the south arête has not been exactly determined but is given as between 10605 feet (3232 m) and 10645 feet (3245 m). It is the line parent of Clouds Rest. It is named for Donald Tresidder a former president of Stanford University who had a longtime association with Yosemite National Park.
 Kraken Catena is a crater chain (catena) on Triton the largest natural satellite of Neptune. It is named after the Kraken of Norse mythology; the name was approved by the International Astronomical Union in 1991. It is located at 14°N 35.5°E.
 Ilgenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mount Ningadhun (1373 metres) is a mountain east of Narrabri in northern New South Wales. It is part of the Nandewar Range and has been preserved within the Mount Kaputar National Park.Mount Ningadhun is a prominent volcanic plug and part of the remnants of the Nandewar extinct volcano that ceased activity about 17 million years ago after 4 million years of activity.
 Lake Elizabeth is a tiny natural freshwater lake in Winter Haven Florida. This lake is round and has a 0.91-acre (3700 m2) surface area. This lake is bordered on all but the south side by residences along Lake Elizabeth Drive. A normally dry drainage basin which is much larger than Lake Elizabeth is on the south side.
 The Șerbota River is a headwater of the Porumbacu River in Romania. Some cartographers consider that this is the upper reach of the Porumbacu River.
 The Pârâul cu Târle is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 The Kitchener River is a river of in the Otago region of New Zealand. The river's source is Kitchener Glacier/Cirque it flows east down Turnbull Thomson Falls then over Aspiring Flats to become a tributary of the Matukituki River.
 The Repaș River is a tributary of the Chizdia River in Romania.
 Randolph Brook is a tributary of the Millstone River in northern Franklin Park New Jersey United States.
 Sørgårdhaugen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Frohnholzbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Faramir Colles is an area of small hills on Titan the largest moon of the planet Saturn. The hills are located near Titan's equator at 4° north and 153° east within the Shangri-La region.Faramir Colles is named after Faramir a Gondorian prince in J. R. R. Tolkien's fictional world of Middle Earth who appears most prominently in The Lord of the Rings. The name follows a convention that Titanean colles (hills or small knobs) are named after characters in Tolkien's work.
 Stockheimer Bach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Bei River (北江; pinyin: Běi Jiāng literally North River) is the northern tributary of the Pearl River in southern China. The other two main tributaries of the Pearl River are the Xijiang River and the Dongjiang River.The Bei River is 63.34 kilometers long and located in northern Guangdong.
 Hemlock Lake is one of the minor Finger Lakes. It is mostly located in Livingston County New York south of Rochester with a portion overlapping into Ontario County. Hemlock is a translation of the Indian name.Hemlock Lake is seven miles (12 km) long and approximately a half-mile wide along most of its uniform north-south length. It has a surface area of 1800 acres (7 km2) and maximum and mean depths of 91 feet (28 m) and 45 feet (14 m) respectively.
 Lava Butte is a cinder cone located in central Oregon USA just west of US Highway 97 between the towns of Bend Oregon and Sunriver Oregon. It is part of a system of small cinder cones on the northwest flank of Newberry Volcano a massive shield volcano which rises to the southeast. The cinder cone is capped by a crater which extends about 60 feet (20 m) deep beneath its south rim and 160 feet (50 m) deep from the 5020 feet (1530 m) summit on its north side.
 Chappe is a lunar impact crater that lies along the southwestern limb of the Moon. It is nearly attached to the northern limb of the walled plain Hausen and an equal distance from the crater Pilâtre. To the north-northwest is Blanchard.This crater lies along the outer rampart of the much larger Hausen and is surrounded by uneven hummocky terrain. The rim is roughly circular with a small crater lying along the eastern edge.
 The Pola (Russian: Пола́) is a river in Andreapolsky and Penovsky Districts of Tver Oblast and in Maryovsky Demyansky and Parfinsky Districts of Novgorod Oblast of Russia. It is a tributary of Lake Ilmen. It is 267 kilometres (166 mi) long and the area of its basin 74200 square kilometres (28600 sq mi).
 Doctors Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake in Yarmouth County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Goldbach (Bibers) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Preluca River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Meesenkopf also called the Mesenkopf is a hill in the Wiehen range south of the town of Lübbecke in Northern Germany. Whilst not particularly prominent the hill is historically significant as the site of a medieval castle.
 The Spanish River is a river in Algoma District Sudbury District and Greater Sudbury in Northwestern Ontario Canada.
 Taku Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in Taku Inlet in the U.S. state of Alaska just southeast of the city of Juneau. Recognized as the deepest and thickest glacier known in the world the Taku Glacier is measured at 4845 feet (1477 m) thick.
 Kirby Lake is a 740 acre man-made reservoir located on the south side of Abilene Texas just east of Highway 83 in the north-eastern portion of Taylor County. Management is under the City of Abilene.
 Mount Tenpō (天保山 Tenpōzan) located in Minato-ku Osaka is commonly recognized as Japan's lowest mountain. The definition of a mountain used here is any elevation described as a mountain on a topographic map published by the Geographical Survey Institute of Japan though it is disputed that the mountain lacks credibility because it is not a natural part of the landscape.
 The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 Committee Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It forms the southeast end of the Gulf of Boothia and is bounded on the east by the Melville Peninsula and to the northwest by the Simpson Peninsula. Wales Island lies within the bay. It was first explored by John Rae (explorer) in 1846/47.
 Mount Mueller is a mountain of the Great Dividing Range located in Victoria Australia. Mount Mueller has an elevation of 1460 metres (4790 ft) AHD .
 The Râul Vacii is a tributary of the Rezu Mare River in Romania.
 The Königspitze (Italian: Gran Zebrù; German: Königspitze) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps on the border between South Tyrol and the Province of Sondrio Italy. It is the second highest peak in the Ortler Alps at 3859 meters following Ortler.The mountain was first climbed on August 3 1864. The mountain can be dangerous in warm weather when the snow and ice can become unstable.
 Tsiteli Khati (Georgian: წითელი ხატი) is a summit of the Kharuli Range in Northern Georgia. The elevation of the peak is 3026 metres (9928 ft) above sea level. The mountain is located within the Kheli Volcanic Region of Georgia an area which is the largest source of volcanism on the southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range within Georgia's boundaries. Tsiteli Khati is built up of holocene age andesites and dacitic lavas.
 Mutum River (Amazonas) is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Kiessee Dreenkrögen is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 35 m its surface area is 0.068 km².
 Laguna Taborga is a lake in the Santa Cruz Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 200 m its surface area is 25.5 km².
 The Ibicuí da Cruz River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 McDougall Sound is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. It's located between southeastern Bathurst Island and western Cornwallis island. The sound's southern mouth opens to the Parry Channel and beyond that to the Barrow Strait. The sound's northern mouth opens to Crozier Strait.
 The Kookooligit Mountains are a 30 x 40 km wide shield volcano in western Alaska United States located in north-central St. Lawrence Island.
 The Inuc River is a tributary of the Nadăş River in Romania.
 Gong Peak is a mountain located in the Sunwapta River Valley of Jasper National Park in Alberta Canada. The peak lies three km southeast of Mount Weiss. The mountain was named in 1919 by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey after nearby Gong Lake.
 The Napf is a mountain on the border between the Swiss cantons of Berne and Lucerne. With an altitude of 1408 meters it is the summit of the Napfgebiet (Napf region) north of the Bernese Alps. The peak is surrounded by steep hills that are a patchwork of evergreen forests and small mountain farms. Nearby towns include Romoos Doppleschwand Michlischwand Luthern and Menzberg.
 Suyt'uqucha (Quechua suyt'u sayt'u rectanguar qucha lake lagoon rectangular lake hispanicized spelling Suytococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Puno Region Melgar Province Santa Rosa District. It is situated at a height of about 4530 metres (14862 ft) about 1.02 km long and 0.32 km at its widest point. Suyt'uqucha lies west of the mountain Khunurana and south of the street and rails which go through the La Raya pass.
 Lockwitzbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Geogel River is a headwater of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
 Hilgenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Middle Lake Hamilton is a natural freshwater lake on the northeast edge of Winter Haven Florida. At one point on the north shore the Winter Haven city limits touches the lake's shore. This lake has an 103-acre (420000 m2) surface area. Middle Lake Hamilton is between two other lakes with Hamilton in their names Lake Hamilton (Florida) and Little Lake Hamilton. Ironically Middle Lake Hamilton is considerably smaller than Little Lake Hamilton.
 The Ghișag River is a tributary of the Cugir River in Romania.
 The Păuca River is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 West Fork Little Thompson River is a tributary of the Little Thompson River in northern Colorado. It flows from a source in Roosevelt National Forest southwest of Twin Sisters Peaks to a confluence with the Little Thompson.
 The Ridnauner Bach or Mareiter Bach is a stream in South Tyrol Italy.
 Cerro Overo is a maar lying at the foot of Chiliques volcano and close to Laguna Lejía in the Antofagasta Region of northern Chile. It is the result of a phreatomagmatic eruption its maximum diameter is 600 metres (2000 ft) and its depth is 80 metres (260 ft).
 The Little River is a 62-mile-long (100 km) tributary of the Oconee River in the U.S. state of Georgia. It rises in Walton County near the city of Social Circle and flows southeast to join the Oconee River in Lake Sinclair.
 Høgtunga i Lom is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Fletcher Mountain elevation 13958 ft (4254 m) is a summit in the Mosquito Range of central Colorado. The mountain is southwest of Breckenridge in the Arapaho National Forest.
 The St. Lucie River is a 7-mile-long (11 km) estuary linked to a coastal river system in St. Lucie and Martin counties in the U.S. state of Florida. Its North Fork flows south from St Lucie County into Martin County where it joins the north-flowing South Fork which was once called the Halpatiokee River just south of the old Roosevelt Bridge (Old Dixie Highway) in Stuart to form the main St. Lucie River.
 The Dos Matos River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Lake O’ the Pines is a reservoir on Big Cypress Bayou also known as Big Cypress Creek chiefly in Marion County Texas USA. The reservoir also occupies a small part of Upshur and Morris Counties. The dam is located approximately 8.5 miles (13.7 km) west of Jefferson.
 The Yeovil Scarplands are a natural region in southern England in the counties of Somerset and Dorset.The region is listed as National Character Area 140 by Natural England the UK Government's advisor on the natural environment. It covers 78579 hectares (303.40 sq mi) and runs from Chard in the southwest to Chesterblade and Upton Noble in the northeast. The town of Yeovil lies roughly in the centre of the area.
 The Meander River is a river in the central north of the state of Tasmania Australia. Until the founding of Westbury in the early 1820s the river was known as The Western River.It flows from the Great Western Tiers past its namesake town Meander through the major regional town of Deloraine then eastward where it flows into the South Esk River near Hadspen.The damming of the river in 2007 created the artificial reservoir; Lake Huntsman.
 Atkins Peak el. 10928 feet (3331 m)is a mountain peak in the eastern section of the Absaroka Range in Yellowstone National Park.
 Deseret Peak is the highest peak in the Stansbury Mountains. It is located in the Deseret Peak Wilderness area west of Grantsville Utah and east of Skull Valley Indian Reservation. The site is a popular destination for hikers as the area is a contrast of the alpine wilderness with the surrounding desert basin. The trail that leads to the peak is easily accessible from Salt Lake City.
 The Sonador River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Schofield Pass elevation 10722 ft (3268 m) is a mountain pass in the Sawatch Range of Colorado. The pass is the high point on Gothic Road which connects the towns of Marble and Crested Butte.
 Lake McClure is an artificial lake in western Mariposa County California about 40 miles (64 km) east of Modesto. It is formed by the New Exchequer Dam impounding the Merced River a tributary of the San Joaquin River.The lake was first created by the original Exchequer Dam built between 1924 and 1926 a concrete gravity arch dam. Exchequer Reservoir's original capacity was 281000 acre·ft (347000000 m3).
 Gruithuisen is a tiny lunar crater that lies on the section of lunar mare that joins Oceanus Procellarum in the west to Mare Imbrium in the east. Southeast of Gruithuisen is the small crater Delisle. To the south is Dorsum Bucher a wrinkle ridge running in a north–south direction for about 90 kilometers.The rim of Gruithuisen is relatively smooth and circular projecting only slightly above the surrounding mare.
 Strombach (Agger) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Salado River (Spanish: Río Salado Spanish pronunciation: [ˈri.o saˈlaðo]) is a river in northern Buenos Aires Province Argentina. It originates at El Chañar Lake on the border with Santa Fe Province 40 metres (130 ft) above mean sea level and flows generally southeast for 640 kilometres (400 mi) before debouching into Samborombón Bay part of the Río de la Plata estuary on the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Hida Mountains (飛騨山脈 Hida Sanmyaku) or Northern Alps (北アルプス Kita Arupusu) is a Japanese mountain range which stretches through Nagano Toyama and Gifu prefectures. A small portion of the mountains also reach into Niigata Prefecture. William Gowland coined the phrase Japanese Alps during his time in Japan but he was only referring to the Hida Mountains when he used that name. The Kiso and Akaishi mountains received the name in the ensuing years.
 Staffelberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. It is part of the Franconian Switzerland and one of the most important landmarks in Franconia. First settlements date from the neolithic Stone Age. Romans Celts and Franconians followed. Nowadays it is a famous tourists' attraction - not only because of the great view over the Main valley. The Staffelberg is located next to Vierzehnheiligen and the district capitol of Lichtenfels. At the foot of the mountain there is the city Bad Staffelstein.
 Pöppelsche is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Q'illumayu (Quechua q'illu yellow mayu river yellow river hispanicized spelling Ccuellumayo) which upstream is called Churmi and Allawqa Wayq'u (Allauja Huayjo) is a river in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region in the provinces Huanca Sancos and Victor Fajardo. It is an affluent of the Qaracha River which ends in the Pampas River.Q'illumayu originates in or near the lake Wachuwaq'asa (Huacoajasa) which lies in the east of the Sacsamarca District.
 The Prisaca River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Johnstons Creek formerly Johnston's Creek is an urban gully located in Sydney Australia and situated in the Leichhardt local government area. The creek flows from Petersham past Annandale Camperdown Forest Lodge and Harold Park before spilling into Rozelle Bay within Sydney Harbour.
 Piz Bernina (4049 m (13284 ft)) is the highest mountain in the Eastern Alps the highest point of the Bernina Range and the highest peak in the Rhaetian Alps. It is also the most easterly mountain higher than 4000 m (13000 ft) in the Alps the highest point of the Swiss canton of Graubünden and the fifth-most prominent peak in the Alps. Piz Bernina is located near St.
 Piz Ela is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking Bergün in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It is located in the center of the nature park Parc Ela.
 Mount Ōtenjō (大天井ヶ岳 Ōtenjō-ga-dake) is a 1438.7 m (4720 ft) mountain of Ōmine Mountain Range located on the border of Kurotaki and Kawakami Nara Japan. This mountain is one of Kinki 100 mountains. This mountain is on the route of Ōmine Okugakemichi.Ōtenjō literally means ‘the great ceiling’.
 The Maly Irgiz (Russian: Малый Ирги́з literally Little Irgiz) is a river in Saratov Oblast Russia the left tributary of the Volga. It is 235 km long its drainage basin is 3900 km². The river is fed by snow. Above Seleznikha Maly Irgiz dries up systematically (up to 305 day per year without drainage). Between November and April Maly Irgiz is frozen.
 The Sora is a right affluent of the Sava River in the northeastern part of Slovenia. The Sora gathers its waters mainly from the Škofja Loka Hills. Its source branches are the Poljane Sora (Slovene: Poljanska Sora also Poljanščica) named after the Poljane Valley (Poljanska dolina) and the Selca Sora (Slovene: Selška Sora also Selščica) named after the Selca Valley (Selška dolina).
 Col de la Joux Verte (el. 1760 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in France. Both roads to it come from the resort of Morzine allowing a round trip to be made. The ski station of Morzine-Avoriaz is nearby which hosted Tour de France stage finishes in 1984 and 1994.
 The Loucherhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Lake Brienz in the Bernese Oberland. It is located east of the Schynige Platte.
 The Merișor River is a tributary of the Birchii River in Romania. It joins the Birkii River through a system of sinkholes and karst springs.
 Hussain Sagar is a lake in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India built by Hazrat Hussain Shah Wali in 1562 during the rule of Ibrahim Quli Qutb Shah. It is spread across an area of 5.7 square kilometers and is fed by River Musi. A large monolithic statue of the Gautama Buddha erected in 1992 stands in an island in the middle of the lake. Maximum depth of the lake is 32 feet.
 Jabal Umm ad Dami is the highest mountain in Jordan. Its claimed elevation of 1854 metres is consistent with SRTM data. It is located at 29°18′30″N 35°25′45″E near to the border with Saudi Arabia in the Aqaba Governorate of Jordan.
 Coldwater River is a 19.4-mile-long (31.2 km) stream in the U.S. state of Michigan. Located in western Michigan the river is a part of the Grand River drainage basin. The Coldwater River flows through Barry and Kent counties and the drainage basin also includes a large portion of southwest Ionia County and a tiny portion of Sunfield Township in the northwest corner of Eaton County. The Coldwater is formed from the Little Thornapple River in Carlton Township in Barry County.
 Waskhaqucha (Quechua waskha (also waska) rope qucha lake hispanicized spelling Huascacocha) or Wask'aqucha (Quechua wask'a rectangle) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Tarma Province Huasahuasi District. It is situated at a height of about 3847 metres (12621 ft) about 0.89 km long and 0.35 km at its widest point. Waskhaqucha lies north of the Huasahuasi near the village Huacuas north east of it.
 Maebongsan is a mountain between the county of Yeongwol and the city of Wonju Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1095 m (3593 ft).
 The Ennstal Alps (Alps of the Enns valley) are a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps. They are located in the Austrian states of Styria and Upper Austria but mostly in Styria. The most famous scenery in the Ennstal Alps is the Gesäuse a valley where the Enns breaks through the limestone.
 Dreisesselberg (Czech: Třístoličník) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany in the Bavarian Forest.Three of the Chair Berg is a 1333 m high mountain in the Bavarian Forest in Bavaria (Germany).
 The Crasna Veche River is a tributary of the Crasna River. It is the old lower reach of the Crasna River before its channelization and is used at present mainly as a drainage canal. It originates in Romania near the village of Domăneşti crosses into Hungary north of Berveni and finally joins the new course of the Crasna River near Nagyecsed.
 The Abagadasset River is a 16.0-mile-long (25.7 km) river in Richmond and Bowdoinham Maine flowing into Merrymeeting Bay part of the estuary of the Kennebec River.
 Nieste is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Mount Carrigain is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain is named after Phillip Carrigain NH Secretary of State (1805–10) and is on the south side of the Pemigewasset Wilderness the source of the East Branch of the Pemigewasset River in the heart of the White Mountains between Franconia Notch and Crawford Notch.
 The Waitaha River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest from the Bloomfield Range of the Southern Alps some 10 kilometres north of Mount Whitcombe and reaches the Tasman Sea 15 kilometres southwest of Ross.The Waitaha River is renowned for gold both alluvial and from glacial deposition. Coarse gold has been dredged downstream of Morgans Gorge where the river opens into the flats. Several gold mining operations continue in the area today.
 Montagut d'Ancosa is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 963 metres above sea level.
 Cerro Pared Norte is a mountain located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile. It lies on the Northern Patagonian Ice Field at the center of a mountain ridge with steep slopes and sheer cliffs at whose southern and northern tips lie respectively Cerro Pared Sur (2548 m) and an unnamed summit. A glacier named after the mountain originates from their eastern slopes.
 The Essonne is a 97 km long French river. It is a tributary off the left bank of the Seine. Its course crosses the departments of Loiret and Essonne and it gives its name to the latter. The Essone's name and the present name of its higher course (the Œuf) originate in Acionna a Gallo-Roman river goddess attested at Orléans (Genabum).
 The Ogașu Vulpii is a tributary of the Cremenița River in Romania.
 The Caraíba de Dentro River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Forellen Peak (9772 feet (2979 m)) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is in the northern section of the range and rises abruptly more than 2500 feet (760 m) above Owl Creek. Unlike the more impressive sections of the Teton Range to the south Forellen Peak is subdued and the hike to the summit from the north is nontechnical yet requires many miles of off-trail hiking.
 Makaturing is a stratovolcano on Mindanao island in the Philippines. It is found in the province of Lanao del Sur (particularly in the town of Butig) in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao. Makaturing has an elevation of 1940 metres (6365 ft) and a base diameter of 29 km (18 mi). It is part of a string of volcanos called the Central Mindanao Arc.
 Cheonggyesan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its area extends over the county of Yangpyeong. Cheonggyesan has an elevation of 658.4 m (2160 ft).
 The Petite Baïse (French: la Petite Baïse) is a 74.9 km (46.5 mi) long river in the Hautes-Pyrénées and Gers départements southwestern France. Its source is in Lannemezan on the plateau de Lannemezan. It flows generally north. It is a right tributary of the Baïse into which it flows in l'Isle-de-Noé.
 Schuster is a lunar impact crater that lies along the eastern rim of the much larger walled plain Mendeleev on the far side of the Moon. To the east of Schuster is the crater Henderson and to the southeast lies the large Chaplygin.The schuster is a worn and eroded crater formation with the most intact portion of the rim along the western half where it overlaps Mendeleev.
 The Horait River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 The Bârsău River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Skåla is a mountain in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The mountain is located about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) east of the village of Loen and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) south of the lake Oppstrynsvatn. There are two summits to the mountain one at 1843 metres (6047 ft) and one at 1848 metres (6063 ft) above sea level. The latter one is sometimes called Stryneskåla. Every year there is a race from the village of Loen up the mountain.
 The Wildi Frau is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Hohtürli Pass in the Bernese Oberland. It lies between the valleys of Kandersteg and Kiental north of the Blüemlisalp.
 The Sargento River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Melibokus (also Melibocus Malchen or Malschen) is at 517 metres (1696 feet) the highest mountain in the Bergstraße region of southern Hesse central Germany. It was also the name of a mountain in Germania described by classical sources. But the two are probably not the same.The modern Melibokus mountain overlooks the Rhine valley on the western fringe of the Odenwald region and is a local landmark clearly visible for many miles.
 The Ger River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 The Rogozu River is a headwater of the Măgura River in Romania.
 The River Wye (Welsh: Afon Gwy) is the fifth-longest river in the UK stretching some 215 kilometres (134 mi) from source to sea. For much of its length the river forms part of the border between England and Wales. The Wye Valley (lower part) is an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The Wye is important for nature conservation and recreation.
 Lake Quannapowitt is one of two main lakes in Wakefield Massachusetts the other being the manmade Crystal Lake. Lake Quannapowitt is a popular setting for walkers joggers bikers and in-line skaters off Route 128 in Middlesex County. It is the site of many organized races from 5Ks to Ultra Marathons.
 The Tamanduateí River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Dollabarat Reef is situated 5 km (3 nautical miles) south-southeast of the Formigas Islets on the Formigas Bank in the Azores archipelago.
 The Tikhvinka River (Russian: Тихвинка) is a river in Boksitogorsky and Tikhvinsky Districts of Leningrad Oblast Russia a right and the biggest tributary of the Syas. The town of Tikhvin is located on its banks. It is 144 kilometres (89 mi) long and the area of its basin 2140 square kilometres (830 sq mi).
 Plötzensee (German pronunciation: [ˈplœtsənzeː]) is a small glacial lake in Berlin. It is situated near the Rehberge public park in the former borough of Wedding now a part of Mitte. The name stems from Plötze one name for the roach in German as the lake formerly teemed with it.Plötzensee is part of a chain of lakes stretching from the northeast to the Spree valley formed in the last ice age. Until 1443 the nunnery of St.
 Mount Coe is a mountain located in Piscataquis County Maine within Baxter State Park about 5.5 mi (9 km) northwest of Mount Katahdin. Mt. Coe is flanked to the northeast by South Brother and to the southwest by Mount O-J-I. The Mount Coe trail starts at Slide Dam on Newsowdnehunk Stream east bank at around 1190 ft (360 m). The trail goes up to the east for about 1.2 mi (1.9 km) and then goes right (south) along the drainage from the Mt. Coe slide bending to the east and then northeast.
 Lac de Chanon is a lake at Martigna in the Jura department of France.
 The Forth and Cart Canal was a short 0.5-mile (0.8 km) link canal which provided a short cut between the Forth and Clyde Canal at Whitecrook and the River Clyde opposite the mouth of the River Cart. It was intended to provide a transport link between the town of Paisley the Firth of Forth and Port Dundas Glasgow without having to go via Bowling some 7 miles (11 km) downstream on the Clyde. The Forth and Cart Canal was closed in 1893. Railway works destroyed most of it soon afterwards.
 The Belles-Dames (also known as the Orne) is a small river in the Corrèze and Dordogne departments of southwestern France. It is a tributary of the Auvézère river which is part of the Dordogne basin. Its source is near Beyssenac and it flows into the Auvézère near Payzac.
 Lake gem is a round lake on the north side of Winter Haven Florida. It is tiny and has a surface area of 3.15-acre (12700 m2). On its north side is residential housing. On its east west and south it is bordered by trees. It is just north of the Polk State College campus. 11th Street Northeast passes 50 feet (15 m) to the east of Lake Gem.Lake Gem has no public boat ramp or swimming beach. The only public access is along the strip of land bordering 11th Street.
 The Cottaer Spitzberg is a 390.8 m high basalt dome on the western edge of Saxon Switzerland. Since 1979 the hill has been a protected area due to its geological and botanical features.
 Ottmarsfelder Graben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Ak-Beyit Pass is a pass that links At-Bashi Valley andArpa Valley in Naryn Province of Kyrgyzstan. Theroad from Bishkek to Torugart runs over the pass.
 The Metuje (Czech pronunciation: [ˈmɛtujɛ]; German: Mettau) is a river in north-eastern Czech Republic. It is 78.18 kilometres (48.58 mi) long and is a left tributary of the Labe River. The Metuje flows through several towns including Teplice nad Metují Náchod and Nové Město nad Metují. The mouth of the Metuje is located in Jaroměř. One of its tributaries called Bystra comes from Kudowa-Zdrój in Poland.
 Bremnestua (also: Bremnestuva) is one of the highest points in the municipality of Frøya in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The 74-metre (243 ft) tall mountain lies on the northwest side of the island.
 The Plăieșu River is a tributary of the Păscoaia River in Romania.
 The Valea Blăjenilor River is a tributary of the Rosua River in Romania.
 The Ellé is a river in the region of Brittany western France. Its source is south of the town Rostrenen in the south-west of the department Côtes-d'Armor. The Ellé flows southwest through the following départements and towns: Côtes-d'Armor Morbihan: Le Faouët Finistère: QuimperléAt the town of Quimperlé it is joined by the Isole to form the Laïta that flows into the Atlantic Ocean at Le Pouldu.
 Taljai is lush green hill right at the heart of Pune city. The road to this hill passes through the Shivaji Maratha College campus. Just beyond Shivaji Maratha College is a picturesque mountain path with sharp turns. Near the entrance of the forest is a temple to Taljai Mata a Hindu Goddess. Vehicles are prohibited in this area.
 The Long Prairie River is a tributary of the Crow Wing River 96 miles (154 km) long in central Minnesota in the United States. Via the Crow Wing River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 892 square miles (2310 km2) in a generally rural region.
 The Chamb (German: Chamb; Czech: Kouba) is a river in the Czech Republic and in Germany. It is a 51 kilometres (32 mi) right tributary of the Regen River.The Chamb begins south of the Czech village of Kdyně and flows some 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) westward crossing into Germany at an elevation of 407 metres (1335 ft).
 The Boyer River is a tributary of the Missouri River 118 miles (190 km) long in western Iowa in the United States. Most reaches of the river's course have been straightened and channelized.The Boyer River is named for a settler who hunted and trapped in the watershed before the time of Lewis and Clark. Explorers including Lewis and Clark John James Audubon and Prince Maximilian zu Wied-Neuwied navigated through the region near the mouth of the Boyer as they traveled up the Missouri River.
 Silver Lake one of three by that name in Sullivan County New York United States is located just southeast of the village of Woodridge. It was created in the 1840s when Sandburg Creek was dammed to provide reliable water for the summit or highest-elevation section of the Delaware and Hudson Canal between Wurtsboro and Napanoch.
 Mount Kemul (also Kemoel Kemal Kongkemul Kong Kemul) (Indonesian: Gunung Kemul) is a mountain in East Kalimantan. It is the type locality of the pitcher plant species Nepenthes fusca and Nepenthes mollis.
 Bay of Baku (Baku Bay) is a natural harbour of the Baku port and local yacht club on the southern shore of the Absheron Peninsula in Azerbaijan.
 The Lauteraar Rothörner are a multi-summited mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Unteraar Glacier in the canton of Bern. They lie one kilometre south-east of the Hugihorn on the range separating the Strahlegg Glacier from the Lauteraar Glacier both tributaries of the Unteraar Glacier.
 Sand Lake (French: lac Sand) is a lake in the town of Kearney Almaguin Highlands Parry Sound District Ontario Canada. An unincorporated community of Sand Lake Ontario could be found just north of Sand Lake prior to the amalgamation with Kearney in 1979. Sand Lake is also host to only one camp and much of the shore of the lake is Precambrian rock of the Canadian Shield.
 The Valea Leleiului River is a tributary of the Pârâul Şerpuit in Romania.
 The Strâmbu River is a tributary of the Valea de Pești River in Romania.
 The Topile River is a tributary of the Ganoș River in Romania.
 The Moïse river is located in the Laurentides Wildlife Reserve in Upper Batiscanie in the administrative area of the Capitale-Nationale about 80 kilometres (50 mi) northwest of Quebec City. Moïse River is part of unorganized territory of Lac-Croche in Regional County Municipality (RCM) of Jacques-Cartier.
 The Pleșa River is a tributary of the Valea Largă River in Romania.
 Unmusan is a mountain in the county of Hoengseong Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 980.3 m (3216 ft).
 North Mountain is a peak in the Catskill Mountains of New York on the border between the towns of Catskill and Hunter in Greene County. It is part of the Catskill Escarpment.It overlooks the North-South Lake State Campground an area where resort hotels such as the Catskill Mountain House were once located and thus has long been a popular climb with hikers[citation needed].
 The Cărpiniș River is a tributary of the Nireş River in Romania.
 The Cedar Lakes are a series of small lakes in geographic Palmer Township in the Unorganized North Part of Algoma in Northeastern Ontario Canada.The lakes is in the Great Lakes Basin and the primary inflow at the north end of the series and outflow at the south end of the series is the Carp River. The Carp River flows to Lake Superior.
 Kashaweogama Lake is a lake located in Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario Canada. It is the head of the Marchington River. Highway 599 passes at the eastern tip of the lake.
 The Amazon River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 The Rosua River (also named Roşua River or on the upper reach Sărata River or Valea Sărată River) is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
 The Ohaba River is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 The Malacca River (Melaka River) which flows through the middle of Malacca Town in the Malaysian state of Malacca was a vital trade route during the heyday of Malacca Sultanate in the 15th century.
 Wublitz is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Middle Hansen Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 8.7 miles (14.0 km) west of Stanley. Middle Hansen Lake is accessed via Sawtooth National Forest trail 640 from the Stanley Lake trailhead on forest service road 455 from State Highway 21.Middle Hansen Lake is the largest of the three Hansen Lakes.
 The Shellmouth Reservoir is a man-made reservoir on the Assiniboine River in Manitoba and Saskatchewan Canada.The Shellmouth Dam (50°57′49″N 101°25′07″W) is an embankment dam built by the Prairie Farm Rehabilitation Administration (PFRA). Construction started in 1964 and was completed in 1972 costing CDN $10.8 million. The dam is 70 feet (21 m) high and 4200 feet (1300 m) long.
 Cavalerius is a prominent lunar impact crater that lies on the western edge of the Oceanus Procellarum lunar mare on the west part of the visible Moon. It nearly joins the northern rim of Hevelius to the south.The rim of Cavalerius is relatively high rising to over 3 kilometers in places. There are clefts in the northern and southern parts of the rim and inner walls. Parts of the inner sides are terraced. The interior floor has mixed low hills and level areas.
 Lago Nero (Italian for black lake) is a lake in the Province of Pistoia Tuscany Italy. At an elevation of 1730 m its surface area is 0.08 km².
 The Podriga River is a tributary of the Bașeu River in Romania.
 Hogback Mountain is a mountain in southern Vermont United States in the town of Marlboro Vermont just north of Vermont Route 9. Its main peak is 2409 feet (734 m) high. The area is well known for expansive views from Route 9.It was the site of a small alpine ski area Hogback Mountain Ski Area from 1946 to 1986. Roughly 590 acres (2.4 km2) was purchased and given to the town of Marlboro as conservation land.
 Rampisham Down is a steep chalk hill in the Dorset Downs eight miles north west of Dorchester in west Dorset England. The highest part of the hill is 221 metres (720 feet). To the north east of the hill is the Frome valley and the village of Rampisham to the south west is the Hooke valley and the village of Hooke.
 Duke of York Bay is an arm of Foxe Basin in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut Canada. It is located in northeastern Southampton Island. The bay is directly south of the southern end of White Island with Comer Strait at the western entrance and Falcon Strait at the eastern entrance.
 Rosenbach (Weiße Elster) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Holzbach (Erft) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Little Brevoort River is a 14.7-mile-long (23.7 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It flows generally southeast to Brevoort Lake the outlet of which is the Brevoort River flowing to Lake Michigan.
 The Torne River also known as the Tornio River (Finnish: Tornionjoki Swedish: Torne älv Torneälven Northern Sami: Duortneseatnu Meänkieli: Tornionväylä) is a river in northern Sweden and Finland. Approximately half of the river's length is a part of the border between these two countries. It rises at Lake Torne (Swedish: Torneträsk) near the border with Norway and flows generally southeast for a distance of 522 kilometres (324 mi) into the Gulf of Bothnia.
 Burke Lake is a 218 acres (88 ha) freshwater reservoir in Fairfax County Virginia United States. It is contained within Burke Lake Park a Fairfax County public park owned by the Fairfax County Park Authority (FCPA). Burke Lake is formed by a dam on South Run a tributary stream of the Potomac River.Fairfax County permits visitors to use the lake for fishing electric-motor and paddle/row boating.
 The Trojan Range (64°32′S 63°23′W) is a mountain range rising to 2760 metres (9055 ft) extending northward from Mount Francais along the east side of Iliad Glacier Anvers Island in the Palmer Archipelago of the British Antarctic Territory. It was surveyed by the Falkland Islands Dependencies Survey (FIDS) in 1955 and named by the UK Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for the Trojans one of the opposing sides in the Trojan War in Homer's Iliad.
 The Dâlja River is a tributary of the Bănița River in Romania.
 Fannaråki (or Fannaråken) is a mountain in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 2068-metre (6785 ft) tall mountain is located in the Jotunheimen National Park just south of the lake Prestesteinsvatnet and the Sognefjellsvegen road. This mountain is located about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) north of the Skagastølstindane mountains (Store Skagastølstind Vetle Skagastølstind Midtre Skagastølstind Sentraltind Store Styggedalstind and Jervvasstind).
 The Mangamaire River is a river of the centre of New Zealand's North Island. One of the headwaters of the Rangitikei River system it flows generally southwest from its origins southeast of Lake Taupo forming part of the border of the Kaimanawa Forest Park for much of its length. It meets the young Rangitikei in hill country 40 kilometres east of Mount Ruapehu.
 Westbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Devil's Slide is an unusual cliff rock formation on the side of Cinnabar Mountain located in Gallatin National Forest in Park County Montana north of Yellowstone National Park. This distinctive formation can be viewed from Highway 89 and was created from alternate beds of limestone sandstone quartzites that have been tilted to lie nearly vertical and have eroded at different rates.
 The Cuejdiu River or Cuejd River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Nistorești River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Wasserflue is a mountain of the Jura located north of Erlinsbach in the canton of Aargau. It lies on the range east of the Salhöhe Pass.An antenna is located on the summit
 The Valea Mânăstirii River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 Khopyor (Russian: Хопёр also transliterated as Khoper) is a river in European Russia the biggest left tributary of the Don River. Length 979 km watershed: 61100 km² mouth width: 300m.Navigable up to 323 km. Maximum discharge is 3720 m³/s an average discharge is 150 m³/s a minimum discharge is 45 m³/s.There is a wide variety of fish species in the river including:Bream Zander Common roach Rudd European chub Ide Bleak Catfish Pike Perch Asp and Burbot.
 For a river in Moldova see Bîc River.Byk is a river in Ukraine a tributary of the Samara River.
 Murmelbach (Hassel) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Blaju River is a tributary of the Bârgău River in Romania.
 Banasura Hill is the second tallest mountain in the Wayanad district of Kerala India. The hill is named after Banasura a mythical character of Indian legends.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Durbav River in Romania. The major part of the river is channelized as it crosses the city of Săcele
 The Pârâul Roșului is a tributary of the Valea Caselor River in Romania.
 Vatsimanyoki River (Russian: Ватсиманйоки) is a river in the south of the Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 50 km in length. The Vatsimanyoki River flows into the Tuntsayoki River.
 Marconi is a lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It lies to the northwest of the large walled plain Gagarin and to the southwest of the prominent crater Chaplygin. To the west-northwest of Marconi is the slightly larger Dellinger.This is a well-formed crater with only some modest impact erosion that has softened the features. The outer rim is marked only by a few tiny craterlets and some terrace structures can still be seen along the inner walls.
 The Izvorul Corbului River is a tributary of the Zmeu River in Romania.
 Goose Creek is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Northern Manitoba Canada. It runs from an unnamed lake to the Nelson River which it enters as a left tributary. The river flows under the Hudson Bay Railway (passed by the Via Rail Winnipeg – Churchill train) between the settlements of Weir River to the north and Charlebois to the south close to its source; and under Manitoba Provincial Road 290 just before its mouth.
 Seleucus is a lunar impact crater located in the western part of Oceanus Procellarum. To the west is the lava-flooded remains of the walled plain Eddington. To the southwest is the crater Krafft and to the northwest lies Briggs.The rim of Seleucus is well-formed with a terraced inner rim and a slight rampart. The floor is relatively flat with a small central peak.
 Goecha La (el. 4940 mt or 16207 ft) is a high mountain pass in Sikkim India in the Himalaya range.The southeast face of Mt. Kanchenjunga the world's third highest mountain is viewable from the pass which is also a base camp for those aspiring to scale the mountain.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Sighiștel River in Romania.
 High Pike is a fell in the English Lake District located five kilometres north of Ambleside. Situated in the Eastern Fells it can be confused with another Lake District High Pike in the Northern Fells. High Pike reaches a height of 656 metres (2152 ft). It is sometimes referred to as Scandale Fell although this name really only applies to the high ground at the head of Scandale.
 Wairikinggisi River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Fredette Lake is a remote northern lake of Saskatchewan Canada located north of Eldorado Saskatchewan. The lake has several islands the largest being Dewar Island.Since all of the northern mining operations are downstream of the lake it is commonly used as a reference site to determine normal background levels when studying other surrounding areas near Uranium City.
 The Bocșel River is a tributary of the Zalău River in Romania.
 Požeška Gora lit. the Požega Mountain is a mountain located south of Požega Croatia in the region of central Slavonia. The mountain is a part of Slavonian mountains enveloping the Požega Valley located adjacent to Psunj to the east of Požeška Gora and to the west of Dilj. Požeška Gora and Dilj are separated by a gap through which Orljava River flows south out of the Požega Valley.
 The Ibaizabal river(wide river in Basque) drains southeastern Biscay to the Estuary of Bilbao. It is 43 km long from its source at Elorrio to the Nervion and it passes by the towns of Durango and Amorebieta and joins the Nervion river at Basauri. Both rivers run then together for a short length until they merge with the sea at Bilbao. It's disputed which river is the one that actually reaches Bilbao.
 Lausenbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Ongarue River is a river of the Waikato and Manawatu-Wanganui Regions of New Zealand's North Island. A major tributary of the Whanganui River it flows west then south from its sources in the Hauhungaroa Range northwest of Lake Taupo passing through the town of Taumarunui before reaching the Whanganui River.Tributaries of the Ongarue include the Maramataha River and the Taringamotu River.
 Gänsbach (Merkenfritzerbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Sacovăț River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania. The Tungujei Dam is located on the Sacovăț River.
 Tumbarumba Creek a watercourse of the Murray catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the region bordering the Riverina and Australian Alps of New South Wales Australia.
 The Tur River (Hungarian: Túr) is a tributary of the Tisza River. The sources are located in the Oaş Mountains in Romania. The Tur River starts at the junction of headwaters Gorova River and Turişor. The river then flows through Satu Mare County in Romania. The main town on the Tur river is TurulungThe river then forms the border between Romania and the Ukraine on a reach of 5.2 km and the border between Romania and Hungary for 1.1 km.
 Midtre Skagastølstind is one of the peaks constituting Skagastølstindane (Skagastøl peaks) in the Hurrungane mountain range. The 2284-metre (7493 ft) tall mountain lies in the eastern part of the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The mountain lies in between Nordre Skagastølstind Vetle Skagastølstind and Store Skagastølstind.
 Champagne Castle is a mountain in the central Drakensberg range and is the second highest peak in South Africa. It contains a series of subsidiary peaks amongst them Cathkin Peak (3149 m) Sterkhorn Mount Memory Monk's Cowl and Dragon's Back.It is said that when two intrepid mountaineers David Gray and Major Grantham climbed the peaks directly in front of Cathkin they were about to celebrate their long haul by popping a bottle of champagne.
 The Pârâul Morii is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
 Pico do Rodeador is the highest mountain of the Federal District Brazil reaching 1341 metres (4400 ft) above seal level. It is located to the northwest of Brasília.
 The Guareí River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Silver Lake is a 640-acre (2.6 km2) lake in Pembroke Kingston and Plympton Massachusetts south of Route 27 and east of Route 36. The Pembroke/Plympton town line is entirely within the lake and a portion of the western shoreline of the lake is the town line with Halifax. The lake is the principal water supply for the City of Brockton whose water treatment plant is on Route 36 in Halifax. The inflow of the pond is Tubbs Meadow Brook and the pond is the headwaters of the Jones River.
 Mynydd Llangeinwyr is the highest hill in the county borough of Bridgend in the coalfield of South Wales. It forms a long north-south ridge between the valleys of Cwm Garw to the west and Cwm Ogwr Fawr to the east. The highest point of the ridge is the 568-metre flat dome known as Werfa which is crowned by a trig point and prominent masts. A secondary trig point is sited at a height of 530 m near to the ancient cairn of Carn-yr-hyrddod.
 Mosquito Creek about 60 mi. (97 km) long is a tributary of the Missouri River in southwest Iowa in the United States. It rises near Earling in Shelby County and flows in a generally southwesterly direction meeting the Missouri approximately 5 mi. (8 km) downstream of Council Bluffs.
 Wirtsberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Clearwater River is a 74.8-mile-long (120.4 km) river in north central Idaho which flows westward from the Bitterroot Mountains along the Idaho-Montana border and joins the Snake River at Lewiston. In October 1805 the Lewis and Clark Expedition descended the Clearwater River in dugout canoes putting in at Canoe Camp five miles (8 km) downstream from Orofino. By average discharge the Clearwater River is the largest tributary of the Snake River.
 The North Yuba River (also called the North Fork Yuba River) is the main tributary of the Yuba River in northern California in the United States. The river is about 61 miles (98 km) long and drains from the Sierra Nevada westwards towards the foothills between the mountains and the Sacramento Valley.It rises on the Sierra Crest about 8 miles (13 km) northwest of Sierraville. The river flows west through meadows then south into a gorge turning west again followed by California State Route 49.
 Scaliger is a prominent lunar impact crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It is attached to the northwest rim of the walled plain Milne and the shared perimeter has reshaped the outer wall of Scaliger slightly producing a straightened section along the southeast. To the west of Scaliger is the Lacus Solitudinis.The outer wall of Scaliger is somewhat polygonal in shape especially in the southern half.
 The Heitlistock is a mountain of the Urner Alps located between the Klein Melchtal and the Melchtal in the canton of Obwalden. It is situated west of Stöckalp.
 The Brendon Hills are composed of a lofty ridge of hills in the East Lyn Valley area of western Somerset England. The terrain is broken by a series of deeply incised streams and rivers running roughly southwards to meet the River Haddeo a tributary of the River Exe.The hills are quite heavily cultivated unlike their neighbouring upland areas of Exmoor and the Quantock Hills. Over the centuries they have been mined for minerals notably ironstone from which iron is extracted for making steel.
 Tiselius is a lunar impact crater that lies just to the east of Valier on the Moon's far side. The craters Tiselius and Valier are separated by only a few kilometers. Less than one crater diameter to the east of Tiselius is the smaller elongated Stein and to the north is the small eroded Šafařík.This is a roughly circular crater with a well-defined edge that has not been significantly degraded by impact erosion. The inner walls have slumped in places to form piles of scree.
 The Caraș-Severin River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 The Plose is a mountain in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Cladagh River (Irish: An Chlaideach or washing river) or Swanlinbar River is a moderately large river which forms from a number of small streams rising on the south-eastern slopes of Cuilcagh Mountain County Cavan and flows through the village of Swanlinbar before crossing the border into County Fermanagh and eventually flowing into Upper Lough Erne.
 The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Schwarzsee (literally Black Lake) is a mountain lake at an elevation of 2368 m on the Pizol mountain (2844 m) of the Glarus Alps.
 Dead Indian Summit (el. 8060 ft./2453 m.) is a high point on Wyoming State Highway 296. The summit is located on Chief Joseph Scenic Byway and crosses the Absaroka Range. It was formerly (and inaccurately) referred to as a mountain pass.
 The Sale River is a river in the Kimberley of the Australian state of Western Australia. The river was discovered and named on 9 June 1865 by an expedition from the short-lived Camden Harbor settlement (in Camden Sound) searching for pastoral land. The expedition comprised Treverton Charles Sholl Alexander Joseph McRae PC W.
 The Tokwe River is a river in southeastern Zimbabwe. It is a tributary of the Runde River and its major tributaries include the Tokwane River.
 The Pârâul Cepii or Hăghimaș River or Hoghimaș River is a tributary of the Vârghiş River in Romania.
 The Jorigue River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Cerro Provincia is a mountain on the eastern side of Santiago Chile. It is a popular climb due to its accessibility and low level of difficulty by mountaineering standards (an 'F' or 'easy' on the Alpine scale). The peak has an altitude of 2750 metres (9022 ft) and a climb requires an altitude gain of almost 2000 meters from the highest road-accessible point. There is a small dome-shaped refuge shelter at the summit.
 The Ticu River is a tributary of the Arghiș River in Romania.
 Stångån is a small river in southern Sweden 185 km long and with a drainage basin of 2440 km2. It flows from the highlands of eastern Småland in the south to lake Roxen in the north.It passes through Vimmerby Kisa and Linköping. A great deal of the river is extended to a canal Kinda kanal. A railway takes the same course as the river.Stångån passes through the deciduous forests of one of Sweden's main cultural areas featuring several great manor houses of the nobility.
 The Ligurian Alps are a mountain range in northwestern Italy. A small part is located in France. They form the south-western extremity of the Alps separated from the Apennines by the Colle di Cadibona. The Col de Tende separates them from the Maritime Alps. They form the border between Piedmont in the north and Liguria in the south.
 Scoop Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 683.Scoop Lake is northwest of Merriam Peak and located in the lower section of the Boulder Chain Lakes Basin.
 Lake Malta known also as the Maltański Reservoir is an artificial lake in Poznań Poland. It was formed in 1952 as a result of the damming of the Cybina River. It is about 2.2 km long which makes the lake the biggest man-made lake of the city. The water is 3.1 m deep on average with a maximum about 5 m.
 Cheongoksan is a mountain in the county of Bonghwa Gyeongsangbuk-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1276.5 m (4188 ft).
 Zagut is a crater located in the heavily impacted southeast sector of the Moon. It is almost surrounded by other named craters with Wilkins to the northwest Lindenau to the east Rabbi Levi in the southeast and Celsius to the southwest. It is named after Rabbi Abraham Zacuto.The rim of Zagut is worn and irregular especially to the north and east. The east rim is overlain by Zagut E a crater with an irregular and flat floor.
 The Bay of Puck or Puck Bay (Polish: Zatoka Pucka; Kashubian: Pùckô Hôwinga) historically also known as the Bay of Putzig (German: Putziger Wiek) is a shallow western branch of the Bay of Gdańsk in the southern Baltic Sea off the shores of Gdańsk Pomerania Poland. It is separated from the open sea by the Hel Peninsula.The bay has an average depth of 2 m (7 ft) to 6 m (20 ft). There is a shallow sand-bank from Rewa Cape to Kuźnica in the middle of Hel Peninsula.
 Huequi (Spanish pronunciation: [weki]) is a stratovolcano located in Los Lagos Region of Chile. It lies at the centre of the peninsula of the same name and close to the Gulf of Ancud. It has an elevation of 1318 metres (4324 ft).
 The Muncelu River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 Kallavesi (Ristiina) is a medium-sized lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the region of Southern Savonia in Finland. In Finland there are two lakes with this name and the lake Kallavesi in Kuopio is much bigger.
 Higger Tor is a dominant landmark of the Dark Peak in the north of the Peak District National Park. It is a gritstone tor overlooking the Burbage Valley and the iron age hill fort of Carl Wark to the southeast. The tor stands to the south west of Sheffield just within the city boundary about 200 metres (220 yd) east of the border with Derbyshire which runs along the nearby road to Ringinglow.
 The Des Lacs River is a river in central North America which flows through Saskatchewan and North Dakota. It originates in southeastern Saskatchewan and joins the Souris River of which it is the primary tributary in Burlington North Dakota.
 Mount Nyiragongo is an active stratovolcano with an elevation of 3470m (11382 ft) in the Virunga Mountains associated with the Albertine Rift. It is located inside Virunga National Park in the Democratic Republic of the Congo about 20 km (12 mi) north of the town of Goma and Lake Kivu and just west of the border with Rwanda. The main crater is about two kilometres wide and usually contains a lava lake.
 Holberg is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 61 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Holberg is named for the Danish writer Ludvig Holberg who lived from 1684 to 1754.
 The Rogue River (Tolowa: yan-shuu-chit’ taa-ghii~-li~’) in southwestern Oregon in the United States flows about 215 miles (346 km) in a generally westward direction from the Cascade Range to the Pacific Ocean. Known for its salmon runs whitewater rafting and rugged scenery it was one of the original eight rivers named in the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act of 1968.
 The Cuntu River is a headwater of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Loch of Craiglush is a loch near Dunkeld in Perth and Kinross Scotland. The loch is also a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) as well as forming part of a Special Area of Conservation.
 Sierra de Montánchez is a mountain range in the greater Montes de Toledo range Spain. It is named after nearby Montánchez town the capital of the Tierra de Montánchez comarca located on its slopes. This range gives its name to the Mancomunidad Integral Sierra de Montánchez.This mountain range separates the drainage basin of the Tagus to the north from the basin of the Guadiana to the south.
 The Mount Guanyin (Chinese: 觀音山; pinyin: Guānyīn Shān) is a mountain in Wugu District New Taipei City Taiwan.
 Lake Saint-Charles (French: Lac Saint-Charles) is a lake located in the Capitale-Nationale region of Quebec Canada. It is located partially within the Quebec City borough of La Haute-Saint-Charles and partially within the united township municipality of Stoneham-et-Tewkesbury. Lake Saint-Charles is the source of the Saint-Charles River. Located less than 20 minutes from downtown Quebec City it is an important natural habitat to Quebec City area residents.
 Moel Druman is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales and forms part of the Moelwynion. It is a subsidiary summit of Allt-fawr.
 The Rienzenstock (2962 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking the valley of the Reuss near Göschenen in the canton of Uri. It is the culminating point of the group lying west of the Fellilücke.
 The Sieben Hengste is a mountain of the Emmental Alps located north of Habkern in the canton of Bern. It is composed of several summits of which the highest (1955 metres) is named Chibe.
 The Rotenberg is a hill range up to 317.3 m high in the Lower Saxon Hills in southeastern Lower Saxony Germany.
 Chilbosan is a mountain in the county of Goesan Chungcheongbuk-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 778 m (2552 ft).
 The Niagara Whirlpool is a natural whirlpool along the Niagara River located along the U.S.-Canadian border between New York and Ontario. The whirlpool is located in the Niagara Gorge downstream from Niagara Falls. The whirlpool's greatest depth is 125 feet (38 m).
 Snowfield Peak (8351 feet (2545 m)) is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. Located in the south unit of the park Snowfield Peak is .70 mi (1.13 km) east of the summit known as Horsemans Pack and the Neve Glacier descends from the north slopes of the mountain.
 Mitsuishi River (三石川 Mitsuishi-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan. It is 31.6 kilometers (19.6 mi) in length and has a drainage area of 159.4 square kilometers (61.5 sq mi).
 The Hodiș River is a tributary of the Canalul Morilor in Romania.
 The Glaser Grat is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located between Safien and Tschappina in the canton of Graubünden. It lies just north of the Glas Pass from where a trail leads to the summit.
 The Widderfeld Stock is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Nidwalden and Obwalden. It is located between the valleys of Melchtal and Engelberg.
 Airy is a lunar impact crater located in the southern highlands. It is named in honour of British astronomer George Biddell Airy. It forms the southern-most member of a chain of craters consisting of Vogel Argelander and Airy. A little further to the south lies Donati. Airy has a worn and somewhat polygonal rim that it broken at the northern and southern ends. It has an irregular floor and a central peak.
 Mount Yamantau (Bashkir: Ямантау Russian: гора Ямантау) is in the Ural Mountains Bashkortostan Russia. The name means bad (evil) mountain in the Bashkir language (Яман тау). It is also known as Mount Yamantaw[citation needed]. It stands at 1640 metres (5381 ft) and is the highest mountain in the southern Urals. Along with Kosvinsky Mountain (600 km to the north) it is suspected by the United States of being a large secret nuclear facility and/or bunker.
 Landecker Berg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Delegate River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the Alpine regions of the states of Victoria and New South Wales Australia.
 Throop Peak (/ˈtruːp/ TROOP) is a 9142 feet (2786 m) peak in the Angeles National Forest. The high peak provides views of both the Mojave Desert and the Los Angeles Basin all the way to the ocean. The peak was named for Amos G. Throop founder of Caltech formerly called Throop College. The peak marks the northwestern boundary of the Sheep Mountain Wilderness.
 The Dearborn River is a tributary of the Missouri River approximately 70 mi (113 km) long in western Montana in the United States. It rises in the Lewis and Clark National Forest near Scapegoat Mountain in the Lewis and Clark Range of the Rocky Mountains at the continental divide in western Lewis and Clark County.
 The Rio Brazos is a 42-mile (68 km) long river flowing through northern New Mexico in the United States. It rises in the Tusas Mountains a subrange of the San Juan Mountains and runs generally southwest to a confluence with the Rio Chama part of the larger Rio Grande system.The river is formed by two streams the 8.74-mile (14.07 km) West Fork and the 8.44-mile (13.58 km) East Fork which converge at Brazos Meadows just outside the western boundary of the Carson National Forest.
 Syp (Russian: Сып) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Iren River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 61 km. Main tributaries: Beryozovka River Kurmakash River (right).
 Lake Tissongo is a lake of western Cameroon. It is situated within the Douala Edéa Wildlife Reserve of Littoral Province and is connected to the south bank of the Sanaga River by a 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) tidal channel. The lake drains into the river about 40 kilometres downstream of Edéa. The area is biologically rich. The villagers of five villages in the reserve in the area earn their livelihoods from hunting bushmeat and a 1990 survey found some 50 firearms in the area around Lake Tissongo.
 Pilot Knob is the eroded core of an extinct volcano located 7 miles (11 km) south of central Austin Texas near Austin-Bergstrom International Airport and McKinney Falls State Park.
 The Baltupis is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 4.8 kilometres and has a basin area of 2.7 km².It is a tributary of the Nevėžis River.
 Stravinsky is a crater on Mercury. It overlays the rim of the much older Vyasa crater.
 Pinkham Notch (elevation 2032 ft. / 619 m) is a mountain pass in the White Mountains of north-central New Hampshire United States. The notch is a result of extensive erosion by the Laurentide ice sheet during the Wisconsinian ice age. Pinkham Notch was eroded into a glacial U-shaped valley whose walls are formed by the Presidential Wildcat and Carter-Moriah ranges.
 The Elota River is a river of Mexico.
 The Groaíras River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Queensborough River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the Alpine regions of the Australian states of Victoria and New South Wales.
 The Polui is a river in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug Russia a tributary of the Ob River.
 Mount Islip (pronounced eye-slip) is a 8250-foot (2515 m) peak in the Angeles National Forest. On a clear day the sharp high peak provides impressive views of the Mojave Desert the Los Angeles Basin Santa Catalina Island and San Clemente Island.A trailhead for climbing Mount Islip is located at Islip Saddle along the Angeles Crest Highway approximately 53 miles (85 km) northeast of downtown Los Angeles. Another trailhead is at the Crystal Lake Recreation Area north of Azusa.
 Lake Uljaste is a lake of Estonia.
 Kuo Shou Ching is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the northwestern part of the walled plain Hertzsprung on the far side of the Moon. This is an oval-shaped crater that is elongated along the north–south axis. The rim edge is well-defined and not noticeably eroded. The inner walls are simple slopes that descend to the interior floor.
 The Tisza or Tisa is one of the main rivers of Central Europe. It rises in Ukraine and is formed near Rakhiv by the junction of headwaters White Tisa whose source is in the Chornohora mountains and Black Tisa which springs in the Gorgany range.
 The Fenneregg is a peak of the Rieserferner group on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 The Caroni River is the second most important river of Venezuela the second in flow and one of the longest 952 km from the Tepui Kuquenan where she originates with the same name Kuquenan up to its confluence with the River Orinoco to which basin she belongs. She gets the name Caroni starting from the confluence of the Kuquenan with the Yuruani at 182 km from the source of the Kuquenan and 770 km from her discharge in the Orinoco.
 Lewiston Lake is a reservoir created by Lewiston Dam on the Trinity River near the towns of Weaverville and Lewiston in Trinity County California. It is used for transbasin diversion to the Sacramento River and flood control as well as for hydroelectric generation. Within the Whiskeytown-Shasta-Trinity National Recreation Area it is a popular destination for fishing kayaking and camping.
 Graig Syfyrddin also known as Edmund's Tump is a hill [1] near Grosmont in north-eastern Monmouthshire Wales.The Three Castles Walk [2] a waymarked recreational walk in Monmouthshire linking Grosmont Castle White Castle (Wales) and Skenfrith Castle passes over the hill.
 Victoria is an impact crater on Mars located at 2.05°S 5.50°W in the Meridiani Planum extraterrestrial plain lying situated within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars. This crater was first visited by the Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity. It is roughly 730 metres wide nearly eight times the size of the crater Endurance visited by Opportunity from sols 951 to 1630.
 The Eumeralla River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It is one of two rivers flowing into Lake Yambuk at the Yambuk Important Bird Area which empties into Bass Strait the other being the Shaw River. It is sourced from a number of creeks near Macarthur. It lends its name to the Eumeralla Wars the conflict between European settlers and the earlier indigenous inhabitants.
 Lake Pateros is a reservoir on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. It was created in 1967 with the construction of Wells Dam. The reservoir lies almost entirely in Douglas and Okanogan counties although the dam itself lies partially in the easternmost portion of Chelan County. The reservoir stretches from there upstream to the Chief Joseph Dam.
 The Bottwar is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Errisbeg Mountain or Errisbeg (Iorras Beag in Irish) situated at Roundstone County Connemara in the West of Ireland with a height of 300 m.
 The Choqueyapu River which downstream is called La Paz River is a river in the La Paz Department of Bolivia. It belongs to the drainage basin of the Amazonas. The river originates named Achachi Qala (Aymara achachi border stone old grandfather qala stone) in the Cordillera Real near the mountain Chacaltaya at a height of 5395 m. It crosses the city La Paz known as Choqueyapu then in a north to south direction.
 The Pchyovzha (Russian: Пчёвжа) is a river in Lyubytinsky and Chudovsky Districts of Novgorod Oblast and in Kirishsky District of Leningrad Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Volkhov River. It is 157 kilometres (98 mi) long and the area of its basin 1970 square kilometres (760 sq mi). The main tributary of the Pchyovzha is the Raplya (right).
 Mount Ashigara (足柄山) also known as Mount Kintoki (金時山) is the northernmost peak of the Hakone caldera on the border of Kanagawa and Shizuoka prefectures in the Fuji-Hakone-Izu National Park in Japan. Ashigara is not a remnant of the collapse of the old Hakone volcano itself but rather a parasitic cone growing from its flank. Mount Ashigara is the legendary birthplace of Kintarō.
 The Căldarea River is a tributary of the Drahura River in Romania.
 Lake Lucerne (German: Vierwaldstättersee lit. Lake of the Four Forested Cantons) is a lake in central Switzerland and the fourth largest in the country.The lake has a complicated shape with bends and arms reaching from the city of Lucerne into the mountains. It has a total area of 114 km² (44 sq mi) an elevation of 434 m (1424 ft) and a maximum depth of 214 m (702 ft). Its volume is 11.8 km³.
 Curwensville Lake is a reservoir located just to the south of the town of Curwensville Pennsylvania. The lake was formed due to the construction of the Curwensville Dam to the north of the lake. Before the dam was built there were several floods occurring along the West Branch Susquehanna River affecting the towns of Curwensville and Clearfield to the north. On September 3 1954 a Flood Control Act was passed due to the flooding along the West Branch river basin.
 Another Pic du Midi is the Pic du Midi d'Ossau.The Pic du Midi de Bigorre or simply Pic du Midi (altitude 2877 m (9439 ft)) is a mountain in the French Pyrenees famous for its astronomical observatory the Observatoire du Pic du Midi de Bigorre (Pic du Midi Observatory) part of the Observatoire Midi-Pyrénées (Midi-Pyrénées Observatory).
 Cathedral Mountain is a dominant mountain in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park in the central highlands in the state of Tasmania Australia.
 Garbeeke is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Creise /ˈkreɪʃ/ kraysh in English is a Scottish mountain that stands at the eastern end of Glen Coe just to the south of the A82 road some 26 kilometres South-southeast of Fort William in the Highland Council area. The mountain was previously known as Clach Leathad (Stony Slope) in the Munro Tables prior to 1981 its name being changed to Creise when the highest point was found to be 1200 metres further north along the summit ridge when using new mapping techniques.
 The Do Indio River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Karamana is a river flowing through the city of Thiruvananthapuram in Kerala India. The river starts near the southern tip of the Western Ghats at Agastyar Koodam. The river flows 66 km westward and merges with the Arabian Sea at Panathura near Kovalam. The river gets its name from Karamana a suburb of Thiruvananthapuram city through which it flows.The catchment area is mostly forested command area is under mixed dry land crops such as coconut tapioca pepper plantain rice etc.
 Rangaunu Harbour is a shallow harbour in the far north of New Zealand. It is situated on the east coast at the base of the Aupouri Peninsula. The name in Māori means To pull out a shoal of fish. With an area of 115 square kilometres (44 sq mi) it is the fifth-largest harbour in New Zealand.
 The Forks River is a river in the James Bay and Moose River drainage basins in Cochrane and Timiskaming Districts in northeastern Ontario Canada. It flows 36 kilometres (22 mi) from Forks Lake to its mouth at Night Hawk Lake the source of the Frederick House River a tributary of the Abitibi River.
 Büttelberg is a 530 m high forest covered mountain of Bavaria Germany. It lies approximately 3 km south of Marktbergel. Since 1952 a broadcasting tower belonging to the Bayerischer Rundfunk is located on the mountain.
 Mount Olympus is the tallest and most prominent mountain in the Olympic Mountains of western Washington state. Located on the Olympic Peninsula it is the central feature of Olympic National Park. Mount Olympus is the highest summit of the Olympic Mountains however peaks such as Mount Constance on the eastern margin of the range are more visible from the Seattle metropolitan area.
 The Estero River is a 6.4-mile-long (10.3 km) waterway in south Lee County Florida near the census-designated place of Estero. It flows from east to west emptying into Estero Bay an inlet of the Gulf of Mexico.
 For the musical instrument see Schäferpfeife. Sackpfeife is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.de:Sackpfeife (Berg)
 The lac aux Biscuits (Cookies Lake) (formerly named Lac à la Croix in French or Cross Lake in English) is located in Haute-Batiscanie in the Municipality of Lac-Édouard Quebec in La Tuque in the administrative region of the Mauricie in the province of Quebec Canada. The watershed discharge of Lac aux Biscuits (Cookies Lake) is 247 km² the sixth largest pool of Batiscanie.
 Moredun Creek is a river of the state of New South Wales in Australia.
 The Conecuh River and Escambia River constitute a single 258-mile-long (415 km) river in Alabama and Florida in the United States. The Conecuh River rises near Union Springs in the state and flows 198 miles (319 km) in a general southwesterly direction into Florida near Century. The river's name changes from the Conecuh to the Escambia at the junction of Escambia Creek 1.2 miles (1.9 km) downstream from the Florida-Alabama line.
 The Allegheny River /ælɨˈɡeɪni/ is a principal tributary of the Ohio River; it is located in the Eastern United States. The Allegheny River joins with the Monongahela River to form the Ohio River at the Point of Point State Park in Downtown Pittsburgh Pennsylvania. The Allegheny River is by volume the main headstream of the Ohio River.
 The Unicorn Cave (German: Einhornhöhle) in Austria is situated in the Hohe Wand Nature Park near Dreistetten in Lower Austria and may be reached on signposted hiking trails in ca. 20 minutes from Dreistetten aus (typical signpost illustrated). The cave was discovered in 1927 by Otto Langer senior and opened as a show cave in 1930. In 1964 the structures built by Otto Langer junior were modernised.
 Halblech is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Mutmalspitze is a mountain in the Schnalskamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Bric Agnellino is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the province of Savona. It has an elevation of 1335 metres.
 The Hausstock is a mountain in the Glarus Alps on the border between the cantons of Glarus and Graubünden. It overlooks the valleys of Linthal (Glarus) and Surselva (Graubünden). The Hausstock was the site of the 1799 withdrawal of the Russian army under General Alexander Suvorov. A well-known destination already in the nineteenth century with British and American climbers the mountain remains popular with mountain climbers and skiers.
 The Imlay Creek is a perennial river of the Genoa River catchment with its headwaters and lower reaches located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Lyseren is a lake in the municipalities of Enebakk in Akershus county and Spydeberg in Østfold county Norway.Lake Lyseren has a key role in the murder mystery unfolding in the Norwegian detective thriller The Leopard. Some episodes in the book feature police detectives from cosmopolitan Oslo coming to conduct investigations in the rural environment of Lyseren.
 The Unicoi Mountains are a mountain range rising along the border between Tennessee and North Carolina in the southeastern United States. They are part of the Blue Ridge Mountain Province of the Southern Appalachian Mountains. The Unicois are located immediately south of the Great Smoky Mountains and immediately west of the Cheoah Mountains.
 Pizzo Alzasca is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Cevio in the canton of Ticino.On the south side lies the lake of Alzasca.
 The Ashuapmushuan River is a river in the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean region of the Canadian provinces of Quebec. It starts at the outlet of Lake Ashuapmushuan and flows first in a north-easterly direction for about 30 kilometres (19 mi) whereafter it continues south-east to Saint-Félicien. There it drains into Lake Saint-Jean of which it is the third largest tributary after the Peribonka and Mistassini Rivers.
 The Viezurata River is a headwater of the Sohodol River in Romania. It flows from North to South parallel to the main axis of the village Vâlcele. The main tributary on this reach is the Valea Caselor River. After the confluence with the next tributary the Padul River the river flows westwards along the limit of the village Vâlcele and continues along county road DJ672 until it joins the other headwater the Pârgavu River.
 The Podkamennaya Tunguska (Russian: Подкаменная Тунгуска literally Tunguska under the stones also Middle Tunguska or Stony Tunguska) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai Russia. It is an eastern tributary of the Yenisei and has a length of 1160 miles (1870 km). The name of the river comes from the fact that it flows under pebble fields without open water.
 Barkauer See is a lake in Süsel Kreis Ostholstein Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 0.48 km².
 Lago di San Floriano is a lake in the Province of Grosseto Tuscany Italy. At an elevation of 6 m its surface area is 0.3 km².
 Steinsee is a lake at Stein Glacier near Susten Pass in the Canton of Berne Switzerland.
 Turó de l'Home is a mountain of Catalonia Spain part of the Montseny massif. It has an elevation of 1712 metres above sea level.The top of the mountain is a triangulation station. It was the site of the 1959 Transair Douglas Dakota accident.
 Bull Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is about 1100 metres (3609 ft) long and 160 metres (525 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 397 metres (1302 ft) about 14.3 kilometres (8.9 mi) northwest of the community of Schreiber. The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to a point on the Whitesand River between Hornblende Lake upstream and Lyne Lake downstream.
 Tonelagee (Irish: Tóin le Gaoith meaning back-side to the wind) is a mountain with a height of 817 m (2680 ft) in County Wicklow Republic of Ireland. It lies just north of the high point of the Wicklow Gap in the centre of the Wicklow Mountains. Tonelagee is the third highest of the Wicklow Mountains and the 33rd highest peak in Ireland. From the summit the distinctive heart-shaped Lough Ouler is visible on the eastern side of the mountain.
 Preston Peak (Karuk: keech'íihyan) is a dominant feature of the Siskiyou Wilderness. Many peaks in the wilderness rise to over 6000 feet but none come to within 500 feet of approaching the height of Preston Peak.
 The Drăghina Mare River is a tributary of the Râul Doamnei in Romania.
 Catherine Creek is a 32.4-mile-long (52.1 km) creek in northeastern Oregon United States. A tributary of the Grande Ronde River it is the second-longest stream in the Grande Ronde Valley. Originating in the foothills of the Wallowa Mountains it flows generally northwest through Catherine Creek State Park and the city of Union before joining the river. The creek was named for Catherine Godley a daughter of Thomas and M. E. Godley who settled near Union in the 19th century.
 Mount Moroto (3083 m or 10115 ft) lies in northeastern Uganda in the Karamoja region. It is one of a chain of volcanoes along the border with Kenya that begins with Mount Elgon in the south and includes Mount Kadam and Mount Morungole. The region around Mount Moroto is a forest reserve protecting a range of habitats from arid thorn savanna to dry montane forests.
 Urft is a 31.1 mile long river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Llyn Trawsfynydd is a large man-made reservoir situated near the village of Trawsfynydd in Gwynedd North Wales.
 Chankuwaña (Aymara for throw something so that people can scramble or fight for it hispanicized spelling Chancoaña Chancohuana Chancohuaña Chancohuañachico Chancohuana Chico) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range (Huanzo) in the Andes of Peru about 5331 metres (17490 ft) high. It is situated in the Apurímac Region Antabamba Province Oropesa District and in the Cusco Region Chumbivilcas Province Santo Tomás District north of the mountain Waytani.
 Pico do Alberto is a mountain located in the eastern part of São Nicolau island in Cape Verde. The mountain's summit is located south of Juncalinho. The mountain are almost rocky desert-like and has traces of vegetation. The area around are mountains except for further south where the Atlantic Ocean is located a few kilometres south. The mountain is entirely of volcanic origin. The panorama offers a view to the around three-fourths of the island missing out the western part.
 Faliesi is a mountain of Campania Italy.
 Beipan River (Chinese: 北盘江; pinyin: Beipanjiang) is a river in Guizhou province China and part of the great Pearl River basin.
 The Mojave River is an intermittent river in the eastern San Bernardino Mountains and Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County California. Most of its flow is underground while its surface channels remain dry most of the time with the exception of the headwaters and several bedrock gorges in the lower reaches.
 The Bacea River is a tributary of the Câinele River in Romania.
 The Oat Hills are a low mountain range in San Diego County California.The Oat Hills are to the west of the Laguna Mountains.
 Bull Creek is a tributary of the Allegheny River in Allegheny and Butler counties Pennsylvania in the United States.
 The Oltul Mic River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Guaju River is a river of Paraíba and Rio Grande do Norte states in eastern Brazil.
 Mount Chilalo is an isolated extinct silicic volcanic mountain in southeastern Ethiopia. The highest point in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia Region and located on the border between the Hitosa and Tiyo woreda this mountain has a latitude and longitude of 07°55′N 39°16′E with an elevation of 4036 metres (13241 ft) above sea level.The mountain has an elliptical base (about 30 by 20 kilometers) whose major axis lies NNE-SSW or parallel to the predominant tectonic trend.
 The Iroquois River is a 103-mile-long (166 km) tributary of the Kankakee River in northwestern Indiana and northeastern Illinois in the United States. Via the Kankakee and Illinois rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 The Veerse Meer (Lake Veere) is a lagoon in the province of Zeeland the Netherlands. It was separated from the North Sea in 1961 by the Delta Works dam system.
 At 971 m above sea level the Wurmberg is the second highest mountain in the Harz and the highest in Lower Saxony (Germany).
 The Omanaia River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from the Waima Forest first as a stream and then as a silty arm of the Hokianga Harbour. The toiwnship of Rawene stands at the point where the river meets the main waters of the harbour.
 Montalt is a mountain that is part of the Serra de Montalt Serra de Llaberia Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 749 metres above sea level.There is a triangulation station (256141001) at the summit.
 The Ivaí River (Portuguese Rio Ivaí) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paraná River. Its official spelling is Ivaí with variants including Ivahy and Ival.
 The Grand Cornier is a 3962 m (12999 ft) mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland. It lies 2 km (1.2 mi) north from the Dent Blanche.The first ascent of the mountain was made via the east ridge by Edward Whymper Christian Almer Michel Croz and F. Biner on 16 June 1865.The Mountet hut (2886 m (9469 ft)) and Moiry hut (2825 m (9268 ft)) are used for the normal ascent routes.
 Coburn Mountain is a mountain located in Somerset County Maine.Coburn Mtn. lies within the watershed of the Kennebec River. The northern end of the southeast side of Coburn drains into Mountain Brook then into Cold Stream and the Kennebec River. The southern end drains into Salmon Stream then into the Dead River another tributary of the Kennebec River. The southwest end of Coburn drains into Enchanted Stream then into the Dead River.
 Katza is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Niikappu River (新冠川 Niikappu-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan.
 Wookey Hole Caves is a show cave and tourist attraction in the village of Wookey Hole on the southern edge of the Mendip Hills near Wells in Somerset England. It is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) for both biological and geological reasons.Wookey Hole cave was formed through solution of the rocks in which it lies by the River Axe.
 The Liswarta is a river in south-central Poland a tributary of the Warta river. The Liswarta has a length of 93 km and basin area of 1588.
 Lac des Taillères is a lake in the la Brévine valley in the Canton of Neuchâtel Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.45 km².
 Lycoming Creek is a 37.5-mile-long (60.4 km) tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River located in Tioga and Lycoming counties in Pennsylvania in the United States.
 Bukhansan or Bukhan Mountain is a mountain on the northern peripheries of Seoul South Korea. At 836.5 meters above sea level and bordering a considerable part of the city Bukhansan is a major landmark visible from most districts of the metropolis. The name Bukhansan means Mountain north of the Han referring to its location approximately ten kilometers to the north of the Han River. During the Joseon era the peaks marked the extreme northern point of Seoul.
 Beinn Achaladair is a Scottish mountain situated six kilometres north east of the hamlet of Bridge of Orchy. The mountain stands on the border of the Perth and Kinross and Argyll and Bute council areas.
 The Mindolluin Montes are a range of mountains on Titan the largest moon of the planet Saturn. The range is located near Titan's equator between 1-4° south and 205-213° east. It is located within the Adiri region just west of the landing site of the Huygens probe.The Mindolluin Montes are named after Mindolluin one of the White Mountains in J. R. R. Tolkien's fictional world of Middle-earth. The name follows a convention that Titanean mountains are after mountains in Tolkien's work.
 The Turtle River is a 74.9-mile-long (120.5 km) tributary of the Red River of the North in northeastern North Dakota in the United States. It flows for almost its entire length in Grand Forks County. Via the Red River Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River the Turtle River is part of the watershed of Hudson Bay.
 Lake Baskunchak (Russian: Баскунчак) is a salt lake of 115 km² in Astrakhan Oblast Russia located at 48°10′N 46°53′E about 270 km north of the Caspian Sea and 53 km east of the Volga. Since 1997 the area is strictly protected as nature reserve.The surface elevation of the lake is 21 m below sea level. It is fed by a river that draws from an area of 11000 km². The salinity of the lake is about 300 g/l. Since the 8th century its salt was mined and distributed via the Silk Road.
 Wołczenica is a river of Poland. It flows into the Zatoka Cicha (Quiet Bay known as Die Maad before 1949) formed by the Dziwna River.
 The Aubad is a 50000-square-metre (12-acre) man-made lake in Tulln on the Danube Austria. It is the centerpiece of a recreational park (Erholungspark) that includes facilities for swimming as well as a 10-hectare (25-acre) area for sport and leisure activities—such as soccer volleyball baseball and basketball—and 15 hectares (37 acres) of woodland. The lake and park are popular summertime resorts for both townspeople and tourists.
 The Col di Lana is a mountain of the Fanes Group in the Italian Dolomites situated in Livinallongo del Col di Lana (German: Buchenstein) a municipality of the Province of Belluno in the Italian region of Veneto.During World War I the mountain alongside the neighbouring Monte Sief was the scene of heavy fighting between Austria and Italy.
 Båven is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Col de Montgenèvre (Italian: Passo del Monginevro; elevation 1854 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Cottian Alps between France and Italy.
 The Guayambre River is a river in Honduras. It is one of the two main tributaries of Honduras' longest river the Patuca.
 Nyariz (Russian: Няризь) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 28 km. Flows into Kolva River at the point located 366 km from Kolva's mouth.
 The River Yeo also known as the River Ivel is a tributary of the River Parrett in north Dorset and south Somerset England.The river's names derive from the Celtic river-name gifl 'forked river'. The name Yeo appears to have been influenced by Old English ēa 'river'.The river rises in Dorset in the North Dorset Downs. It flows through Sherborne and the Somerset towns of Yeovil Yeovilton and Ilchester and joins the River Parrett near Langport.
 Windom Peak is a fourteener in the Needle Mountains a subrange of the San Juan Mountains in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the Weminuche Wilderness (part of the San Juan National Forest) in La Plata County approximately 13 miles (21 km) south of Silverton.Windom Peak is one of three fourteeners in the Needle Mountains; the other two are Mount Eolus and Sunlight Peak. Windom and Sunlight lie on the east side of Twin Lakes in upper Chicago Basin while Eolus lies on the west side.
 Bschießer is a mountain in Bavaria Germany.
 The Sârbi River ( Hungarian: Szirbi-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Mangapoike River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southwest from sources south of Waingake reaching the Wairoa River 10 kilometres northeast of Frasertown.
 Upper Seletar Reservoir (Chinese: 实里达蓄水池上段 ; Malay: Takungan Air Seletar Atas) is Singapore's third impounding reservoir after MacRitchie Reservoir and Peirce Reservoir (now the Upper Peirce Reservoir and the Lower Peirce Reservoir). It is located within the Central Water Catchment area of Singapore island.
 Elkhorn Mountain is a mountain located in the Elk River Mountains of the Vancouver Island Ranges of British Columbia Canada. At 2195 m (7201 ft) it is the second highest peak on Vancouver Island second only to the nearby Golden Hinde which lies 15 km (9 mi) to the south. The mountain is located in the 2500 km² Strathcona Provincial Park 24 km (15 mi) east of Gold River.
 The Valea Micăului River is a tributary of the Ciripicea River in Romania.
 Tjønnholsoksle is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Black Hawk Lake is a natural glacially-formed lake measuring 957 acres (3.87 km2) in area in Sac County Iowa at the eastern edge of the city of Lake View Iowa in Viola and Wall Lake Townships. It exits through the oddly named Ditch No. 57 to Indian Creek a tributary of the North Raccoon River. It is named for Chief Black Hawk. The state of Iowa maintains a state park and a wildlife management area around the lake. There is a boat ramp and campgrounds and easy access for fishing.
 Orla is a river in middle-western Poland a tributary of the Barycz. It meets the Barycz at the town of Wąsosz.
 Mount Tomuraushi (トムラウシ山 Tomuraushi-san) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Gardsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Grue in Hedmark county Norway.
 Lake in the Sky is an artificial lake in Blount County Tennessee formed by damming Flat Creek. It lies in the center of Top of the World an unincorporated community.
 Chilbongsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 600 metres.
 The Jacutinga River (Rio das Antas) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Bucium River is a tributary of the Șercăița River in Romania.
 Kiskatinaw (Cree for cutbank) is a tributary of the Peace River in northeastern British Columbia Canada.Bearhole Lake Provincial Park and Protected Area is established around the headwaters of the river and One Island Lake Provincial Park is located on the middle course. The Kiskatinaw Provincial Park is established on the lower course of the river east of the Alaska Highway along the old alignment of the highway at the site of a curved wooden bridge.
 The John Crow Mountains are a range of mountains in Jamaica. They extend parallel with the north east coast of the island bounded to the west by the banks of the Rio Grande and joining with the eastern end of the Blue Mountains in the southeast. The highest point in the range is a little over 3750 feet (1140 m).The name John Crow first recorded in the 1820s and comes from the Jamaican name for the Turkey Vulture.
 The Valea Frumoasă River is a tributary of the Borumlaca River in Romania.
 The Dahlgren River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Mooi River is a river in KwaZulu-Natal Province South Africa. It rises in the Mkomazi Nature Reserve in the Drakensberg Mountains and empties into the Tugela River near Muden. The town of Mooi River lies on the river.
 Aphrodite Terra is a highland region on Venus near the equator.
 The Stârnic River is a tributary of the Doman River in Romania.
 Kostinsky is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is nearly attached to the northeastern outer rim of the crater Guyot. About one crater diameter to the southeast is Ostwald and farther to the north is Olcott.The rim of Kostinsky is eroded and along the southeast has been nearly worn away. The rim has an outward bulge along the northeastern side. There is a small crater intruding into the eastern rim.
 Lake Winnipeg is a large 24514-square-kilometre (9465 sq mi) lake in central North America in the province of Manitoba Canada with its southern tip about 55 kilometres (34 mi) north of the city of Winnipeg.
 Lake Ina is about 1000 ft (305 m) east of Lake Roy. Lake Ina is inside the city of Winter Haven Florida and is bordered by Cypress Garden Boulevard on its north. In fact a bridge carries this street over the extreme northern edge of the lake. Lake Ina has a 8.99-acre (36400 m2) surface area. The lake is irregularly shaped and is bordered from its northeast side to its southwest side by residences.
 Cobb Mountain is the tallest mountain in the Mayacamas Mountains of California. Its 4720+ feet (1439+ m) main summit is located in Lake County west of the town of Cobb. Like nearby Mount Saint Helena Cobb Mountain is tall enough to receive winter snowfall.The mountain also has a sub-peak named Cobb Mountain – Southwest Peak with an elevation of about 4483+ feet (1367+ m) NAVD 88;Southwest Peak lies on the Sonoma-Lake county line and is the highest point in Sonoma County.
 The Nunnock River a perennial stream of the Bega River catchment is located in the Monaro region of New South Wales Australia.
 Büschengraben is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The North Fork John Day River is a 107-mile (172 km) tributary of the John Day River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It begins in Grant County about 20 miles (32 km) northwest of Baker City near the crest of the Blue Mountains. It flows generally west to the community of Dale on U.S.
 For the Department of Energy facility see Savannah River SiteThe Savannah River is a major river in the southeastern United States forming most of the border between the states of South Carolina and Georgia. Two tributaries of the Savannah the Tugaloo River and the Chattooga River form the northernmost part of the border. The Savannah River drainage basin extends into the southeastern side of the Appalachian Mountains just inside North Carolina bounded by the Eastern Continental Divide.
 Yi Tung Shan (Chinese: 二東山) is the seventh highest hill in Hong Kong. With height 747 m[citation needed] on the Lantau Island it is situated east of Sunset Peak. While the Sunset Peak known as Tai Tung Shan literally means the first east hill in Cantonese language the Yi Tung Shan means the second east hill. The stage 2 of Lantau Trail runs north side of its peak.
 The Arșița River is a tributary of the Ciugheș River in Romania.
 The Tucha Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located north of Ingenika River and south of Tucha Creek in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Pielinen is the fourth largest lake of Finland with a drainage basin area of 12823 km2 (4951 sq mi) that is equally distributed between eastern Finland and Russia. The creation of the lake and its outlet is attributed to a post-glacial isostatic rebound which resulted in uplift of the land.
 Nuevo Mundo Lake is a lake in the Beni Department and Santa Cruz Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 180 m its surface area is 57.7 km².
 Casco Peak elevation 13915 ft (4241 m) is a summit in the Sawatch Range of Colorado. The peak is in the San Isabel National Forest southwest of Leadville.
 The Ivinhema River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil. It is one of the main tributaries of the western part of the Paraná River. Forty-six different species of fish were found in seven streams off of the river basin.
 The Little Cloquet River is a 7.6-mile-long (12.2 km) river located in southern Saint Louis County Minnesota United States. It is a tributary of the Cloquet River.The Little Cloquet River flows through North Star Township and Marion Lake Unorganized Territory located north of Duluth.
 Round Mountain is the highest peak on the Northern Tablelands of the New England region in New South Wales Australia.Round Mountain is located in Cathedral Rock National Park about 72 kilometres (45 mi) east of Armidale New South Wales and 63 km west of Dorrigo New South Wales. It is the highest peak of the Snowy Range a spur of the Great Dividing Range which forms part of the eastern escarpment of the Northern Tablelands.
 The Ogașu Pietros is a tributary of the Cremenița River in Romania.
 For the river in Brazil see São Francisco River. For the river in Argentina see San Francisco River (Argentina). In Ecuador the Río San Francisco is a tributary of the Zamora River in Zamora-Chinchipe province.The San Francisco River is a 159-mile-long (256 km) river in the southwest United States the largest tributary of the Upper Gila River. The river originates in Arizona and flows into New Mexico before it curves around and enters the Gila down stream from Clifton Arizona.
 Nasoni River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Frumoasa River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Mare River in Romania.
 Luther is a small lunar impact crater on the northwest part of Mare Serenitatis at the inlet to Lacus Somniorum. To the east-southeast is the large crater Posidonius. Luther has a circular rim and is cup-shaped with no appreciable wear from impact erosion. It lies across a wrinkle ridge on the lunar mare.The crater is named after Karl Theodor Robert Luther.
 Arandas Crater is a crater in the Mare Acidalium quadrangle of Mars located 42.77° North and 15.17° West. It is 25.1 km in diameter and is named after a town in Mexico.
 La Tsavre (also known as Mont Ferret) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Ferret in the canton of Valais. With a height of 2978 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the Combe de l'A a small valley between the Val Ferret and the Val d'Entremont.
 Duffy's Peak is a small hill or butte near the Salt Fork Brazos River in Garza County Texas. Duffy's Peak extends less than 50 ft (15 m) above the Salt Fork yet despite its small size it served as an important landmark for early surveyors of the region and is said to be named for a member of the original survey team who died and was buried nearby in the late 1870s.Duffy's Peak is located in the rolling plains to the south and east of the caprock escarpment of the Llano Estacado.
 Parkhurst is a heavily degraded lunar crater to the northeast of the Mare Australe on the far side of the Moon. To the north-northeast of Parkhurst is the crater Scaliger and to the southwest lies the dark-floored Gernsback. The small lunar mare named Lacus Solitudinis lies due north of Parkhurst.Little remains of this crater formation other than the uneven outline of the outer rim.
 Lake Harding also known as Bartlett's Ferry Lake is a 5850-acre (23.7 km2) reservoir on the Chattahoochee River. The lake is formed by Bartlett's Ferry Dam and the lake is located in Harris County Georgia with some portions of the lake going into Alabama. Lake Harding is a deep lake with a depth of over 100 feet (30 m) at the dam itself. The lake was originally built by the Columbus Power Company in 1926 to generate hydroelectric power.
 Mahya Dağı (Bulgarian: Махиада Mahiada) (1031 m) is a mountain peak in Turkey. It is the highest peak of the Strandzha massif (Yıldız Mountains) and also the European part of Turkey.
 Tappan Lake is a reservoir in Harrison County Ohio United States.Also known as: Tappan ReservoirThe lake covers 2350 acres (9.5 km2) of water and 5000 acres (20 km2) of surrounding land as part of the Muskingum Watershed Conservancy District. Normal pool elevation is 899.3 ft (274.1 m) above sea level. The lake has a 399 horsepower (298 kW) limit for boats. There are two public launch ramps - one near the roadside rest area on U.S. 250 and the other across from Tappan Marina.
 Mount Ina Coolbrith (formerly Summit Peak) is a mountain in Northern California near the Nevada border. It is visible from Beckwourth Pass through which Ina Coolbrith traveled at the age of 11 with a party lead by James Beckwourth. She would later claim to have been the first white child brought into California.The summit is 5.8 miles (9.3 km) west of Highway 395 in the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. Most of the mountain including its summit is in Sierra County California.
 The Cooley Mountains are located on the Cooley Peninsula in northeast County Louth in Ireland. They consist of two ridges oriented northwest to southeast separated by the valley of Glenmore with the Big River running through it. Slieve Foy at 588 metres is the highest peak on the eastern ridge and the highest peak in County Louth. The ridge rises at The Foxes Rock (404m) and runs for roughly 6 km in a southeasterly direction to the town of Carlingford County Louth.
 Ullock Pike is a fell situated in northern part of the English Lake District. It is located seven kilometres north west of Keswick and achieves a height of 692 metres (2270 feet). The fell sits on Skiddaw’s south western ridge along with two other fells (Long Side and Carl Side) this ridge is regarded as the finest way to ascend Skiddaw with Alfred Wainwright commenting:“There is no doubt in my mind that by far the best approach to the top of Skiddaw is by way of its north-west ridge.
 The Demeljoch (1924 m) is a mountain at the border between Bavaria Germany and Tyrol Austria. The summit can be reached through a hiking trail starting near the easternmost point of the Sylvensteinsee.
 Murray Maxwell Bay (formerly: Murray Maxwell Inlet; Inuktitut: Tasiujaq) is an uninhabited waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in the Foxe Basin north of Baffin Island's Siorarsuk Peninsula.
 The Zolotonoshka River is a small river in central Ukraine. The Zolotonoshka is a left tributary of the Dnipro River. The length of the river is 88 kilometers. The drainage basin is 1260 km2. The name is derived from a legend that Ukrainian cossacks were hiding gold (from Ukrainian: золото (zoloto - gold) in the river. Scientists explain that the sand on the bottom of the river was shining in the sunlight making people believe that there was gold.
 Netphe is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Huangmaojian Peak (Chinese: 黄茅尖; pinyin: huángmáojiān; literally Yellow grass peak) is a 1930 metres (6330 ft) mountain in Longquan County in southwest of Zhejiang province in eastern China. The mountain is the highest peak of Zhejiang and part of the Wuyi Mountains that have their bulk in Fujian province. Huangmaojian is an ultra prominent peak. The mountain is located within the Fengyangshan - Baishanzu National Nature Reserve.
 Upper Snyder Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Upper Snyder Lake is NNE of Snyder Lake.
 Spina di Gualdo is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 The Gulf of Asinara is a sea sector included between the Asinara Island Cape Falcone and the town of Castelsardo in northern Sardinia Italy. The communes facing its coast include also Stintino Porto Torres Sassari Sorso Valledoria and Badesi.The littoral features several beaches some kilometers long such as La Pelosa le Saline Ezzi Mannu and Fiume Santo those near Porto Torres Platamona the beaches of Castelsardo Valledoria Badesi Trinità d'Agultu Vignola and Isola Rossa.
 Lake Vaquero is a private lake located two blocks southwest of Topeka Kansas and about three blocks northwest of Lake Sherwood (Kansas). It is a manmade lake contained by a 33 ft (10 m) high dam on its southwest. It is bounded by Indian Hills Road on the east El Cerrito Drive on the south Lagito Drive on the west and SW 29th Street on the north. If filled to the dam's brim the lake would have a 340-acre (1400000 m2) capacity.
 The Salgado River (Vaza-Barris River) is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Clark Range is a mountain range that forms part of the Continental Divide and also the boundary between the Canadian provinces of Alberta and British Columbia. A small portion of the range extends into the far northwestern section of Glacier National Park Montana USA. It is the easternmost of the Border Ranges subdivision of the Canadian Rockies. The range is named for Captain William Clark of the Lewis and Clark Expedition.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Mount Disappointment is an 800-metre (2600 ft) mountain located on the southern end of the Great Dividing Range 60 kilometres (37 mi) north of Melbourne the state capital of Victoria Australia. It was named by explorers Hamilton Hume and William Hovell in 1824 and the mountain is now a popular hiking spot.
 The Burdea River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Red Rock Pass el. 7152 feet (2180 m) is a mountain pass in Beaverhead County Montana. The pass lies on the Continental Divide just north of the eastern Centennial Mountains. It separates Beaverhead County Montana (west) from Fremont County Idaho (east). The pass is traversed by an unimproved gravel road.On August 20 1877 a band of Nez Perce crossed the pass en route to Yellowstone National Park during the Nez Perce War shortly after the Battle of Camas Creek.
 Leigh Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The glacially formed lake is 2.4 miles (3.9 km) wide and slightly longer in length from north to south. Situated just southeast of Mount Moran the lake is at the terminus of both Paintbrush and Leigh Canyons. The lake can be accessed from the Leigh Lake Trail which follows the eastern shores of String Lake a distance of one mile (1.6 km) and is an easy hike over level terrain.
 Bangtaesan is a mountain in the county of Inje Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1444 m (4738 ft).
 Hryhorivsky Estuary or Small Adzhalyk Estuary (Ukrainian: Григорівський лиман Малий Аджалицький лиман Russian: Григорьевский лиман Малый Аджалыцкий лиман Turkish: Küçük Adcalik liman) is a brackish water area in South Ukraine in 30 km to north-east from Odessa. In the lower part of the estuary (left bank) the Port Yuzhny is located.
 The Da Prata River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Ch'aphi (Aymara for thorn hispanicized spelling Chapi) is a 5400 metres (17717 ft) high mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Puno Region Putina Province on the border of the districts Ananea and Sina. Ch'aphi is situated southeast of the mountains Ananea and Rit'ipata northwest of Rit'i Urmasqa and northeast of the lake Asnuqucha.
 Mount St. Helens (known as Lawetlat'la to the indigenous Cowlitz people and Loowit to the Klickitat) is an active stratovolcano located in Skamania County Washington in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States. It is 96 miles (154 km) south of Seattle Washington and 50 miles (80 km) northeast of Portland Oregon. Mount St.
 The Heidkopf is a 272.6 m high hill in the Wiehen in Minden-Lübbecke district within the borough of Lübbecke. It lies one kilometre north of the Heidbrink and 500 metres northeast of the Reineberg.The Heidkopf is not very spectacular and is not well known even amongst the townsfolk of Lübbecke. Its summit is partly covered by old beech trees. A footpath runs from the northeast up to the summit. A metalled forest track runs around the hill.
 Bhor Ghat or Bor Ghat Bhore Ghaut is a mountain passage located between Karjat and Khandala in Maharashtra India along the railway line and between Khopoli and Khandala for road Old Mumbai Pune Road and the Mumbai Pune Expressway. Situated on the crest of the Western Ghat mountain ranges Bhor Ghat is noted for its surroundings comprising scenic waterfalls lakes and dense woods.
 The Qu River (Chinese: 曲江; pinyin: Qǔ Jiāng) is a tributary of the Nanpan River (Pearl River) in Yunnan province southwestern China. The Qu rises in southwestern Jiangchuan County and flows through the Yuxi City Eshan Yi Autonomous County Tonghai County Jianshui County and Huaning County to reach its mouth at the Panxi Town of the Huaning County.
 The Tweralpspitz is a mountain in the Appenzell Alps located near Wattwil in the canton of St. Gallen. It is the highest point of the chain situated north of Ricken Pass.
 Piz Sarsura is a mountain of the Albula Alps located east of Piz Vadret in Graubünden Switzerland. It overlooks two glaciers: the Vadret da Grialetsch on its north-west side and the Vadret da Sarsura on its north-east side. The closest mountain hut is the Chamanna da Grialetsch on the north side.
 Rajabasa is an isolated 1281-m-high conical volcano along the Sunda Strait located at the most South-Eastern point of Sumatra. It has a well-preserved 500 x 700 m summit crater with a swampy floor the volcano is covered with vegetation. Although fumarolic activity occurs on the foot and flanks of the volcano and increased activity was reported in April 1863 and May 1892 it is not known when it last erupted.
 Pennsylvania Canal refers generally to a complex system of canals dams locks tow paths aqueducts and other infrastructure including in some cases railroads in Pennsylvania. The Pennsylvania Assembly of 1824 applied the term to the canals and railroads of the Main Line of Public Works to be built across the southern part of the state and the term was also applied to canals later added to the state system.
 The Parapanca River is a small tributary of the Pasărea River in Romania.
 Bilsbek is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Herzsee is a lake near the village center of Aldrans in the Tyrol region of Austria and serves mainly for fish breeding. Formerly the Lake was opened to the public for swimming. The lake is covered in a wooded environment on a round travel route to Ampass or Sistrans. Its length is 200 m; its width is 50 m.Due to his small size the lake is sometimes plagued by algae. Its water quality is Grade B.
 Laguna Tortuguero Natural Reserve is a natural reservoir located between the municipalities of Vega Baja and Manatí in Puerto Rico.The lagoon is one of only two natural reservoirs in the island of Puerto Rico (the other being Joyuda Lagoon) and is home to an ample variety of species.
 Weavers Needle is a 1000-foot-high (300 m) column of rock that forms a distinctive peak visible for many miles around. Located in the Superstition Mountains east of Phoenix Arizona Weavers Needle was created when a thick layer of tuff (fused volcanic ash) was heavily eroded creating the spire as an erosional remnant with a summit elevation of 4555 feet (1388 m). It is set in a desert landscape of cactus and mesquite bush with large Saguaro cacti particularly prominent.
 The Nattai River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Southern Highlands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Ngarrabullgan (also Njrrabulgan Nurrabullgan or Ngarrabullgin) officially named Mount Mulligan by the State is a large tabletop mountain (18 km by 6.5 km) located 100 kilometres west of Cairns in the north of Queensland (Australia).The tabletop mountain is a monolith bounded by high cliffs (or escarpments) that fall 200 to 400 m to the surrounding Hodgkinson Basin making it an impressive natural monument which is regarded by the local Djungan Aboriginal peoples to be a sacred 'Dreaming' place (see Dreamtime) and features in the mythological legends and beliefs of other Aboriginal groups for hundreds of kilometres around.On the tabletop itself are found the two oldest-known Aboriginal sites in Queensland: Nonda Rock and Ngarrabullgan Cave. 
 The Valea Roșie River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 Brae Fell is a fell in the English Lake District situated 12 kilometres north of Keswick it reaches a height of 586 m (1923 ft) and is regarded as part of the Caldbeck Fells along with High Pike and Carrock Fell even though it has ridge links to the Uldale Fells. The fell's name has Scottish overtones and translates from the Scots language as a hillside or slope. Its northern flanks face the Scottish Borders country across the Eden Valley and Solway Firth.
 Devoll Hydro Power Plant is a proposed large power plant on the Devoll River situated in Albania.Devoll Hydropower (DHP) Albania involves the installation of 3 accumulation reservoir hydro power plants (HPP Moglice – HPPKokel – HPP Banja) in a cascade development utilizing the hydropower potential of the Devoll riverAlbania. The planned total installed capacity of the project is 272 MW1.
 The Dangaučius is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania.
 The Ennepe is a river and a left tributary of the Volme in Northern Sauerland Germany. It gave its name to the town Ennepetal and the district Ennepe-Ruhr-Kreis.
 Pisgah Crater or Pisgah Volcano is a young volcanic cinder cone rising above a lava plain in the Mojave Desert between Barstow and Needles California in San Bernardino County California. The volcanic peak is around 2.5 miles (4.0 km) south of historic U.S. Route 66-National Old Trails Highway and of Interstate 40 and west of the town of Ludlow.
 The Valea Poienilor River is a tributary of the Ieud River in Romania.
 Mount Chōkai (鳥海山 Chōkai-san) is an active volcano located on the southern border of Akita and Yamagata in the Tohoku region of Japan and is 2236 m (7336 ft) tall. Because of its (roughly) symmetrical shape and massive size it is also known as Dewa no Fuji (出羽の富士) or by Akita natives as Akita Fuji. Mount Chōkai is regarded as sacred by followers of the Shugendō branch of Shinto and is popular with hikers.
 Yellow House Canyon is about 32 km (20 mi) long heading in Lubbock Texas at the junction of Blackwater Draw and Yellow House Draw and trending generally southeastward to the edge of the Llano Estacado about 10 km (6.2 mi) east of Slaton Texas; it forms one of three major canyons along the east side of the Llano Estacado and carries the waters of the North Fork Double Mountain Fork Brazos River.Within the city limits of Lubbock Yellow House Canyon remains a narrow and shallow channel with a typical width of less than 0.5 km (0.31 mi) and a typical depth of not more than 20 m (66 ft). 
 Rohrberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Beinn an Lochain is a mountain in the Arrochar Alps southern Scotland on the western edge of Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park. Although included in Sir Hugh Munro's original list of Scottish mountains over 3000 feet subsequent surveys showed it to be significantly shorter than the 914.4 m cut-off limit required to count as a Munro.
 The Lebombo Mountains also called Lubombo Mountains (Portuguese: Montes Libombos) are an 800 km long narrow range of mountains in Southern Africa. They stretch from Hluhluwe in KwaZulu-Natal in the south to Punda Maria in the Limpopo Province in South Africa in the north. Part of the mountains are found in South Africa Mozambique and Swaziland.
 Fourmile Creek is a tributary of Lake Erie in Erie County Pennsylvania United States. It is approximately 8 miles (13 km) in length. It has a drainage basin of 11.93 square miles (30.9 km2) and is a part of the Lake Erie Watershed.
 The Valea Bisericii River is a tributary of the Belciugatele River in Romania.
 The Valea Călușului River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 The Secăreaua River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
 The Vermelho River (Perdida River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Hohner Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Bubesheimer Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Pamunkey Creek is a 20.8-mile-long (33.5 km) river in Orange and Spotsylvania counties in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is a tributary of the North Anna River.The creek is formed by the confluence of smaller branches that rise in the town of Orange Virginia then flows southeast across the Virginia Piedmont. It joins the North Anna as an arm of Lake Anna a reservoir. Via the North Anna Pamunkey and York rivers Pamunkey Creek is part of the Chesapeake Bay watershed.
 The Col du Portillon (Spanish: El coll de Portilló; elevation 1293 m) is a high mountain pass in the Pyrenees on the border between France and Spain. It connects Bagnères-de-Luchon in France with Bossòst in the Val d'AranSpain.
 The Harțagu Mic River is a tributary of the Harţagu Mare River in Romania.
 Eaglehead Mountain (9140 feet (2786 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Buffalo Woman Lake is east of the peak.
 Lake Norris is an undeveloped fresh water lake in Paisley Lake County Florida. It has an area of 1159.71 acres.It is located roughly 2 miles (3 km) south of Johnson's Corner in Paisley. The north shore is occupied by Camp La-No-Che a local Boy Scout camp. The southern shore exits to Blackwater Creek. The southeastern shore has roughly 11 private residences. The rest of the shoreline is primarily owned by St.
 The Cicârlău River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 The Johnnie Range is a mountain range in the Mojave Desert in southern Nye County Nevada USA.
 The Tarunã River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Tar River (Kyrgyz: Тар) is a river in Kara-Kulja District of Osh Province of Kyrgyzstan. It rises on the south-west slopes of Fergana Range and north slopes of Alay Mountains. The portion of the Tar River from its source to confluence with Eshegart River is known as Kegart the portion up to mouth of Terek River is called Alaykuu River downstream its name is Oy-Tal River and from its confluence with Kara-Bel River it is known as Tar River.
 First is a minor summit on the slopes of the Schwarzhorn in the Bernese Oberland. It is mostly known as a cable car station above Grindelwald and as a popular hiking area with the Bachalpsee in proximity. It is also the destination of the classic hike: Schynige Platte-Faulhorn-First.
 Yongmabong is a mountain in Seoul South Korea. It extends across Guui-dong and Junggok-dong in the district of Gwangjin-gu. It has an elevation of 348 m (1142 ft).
 The Kaiwaka River is a river of New Zealand's Northland Region. For much of its length it is a broad arm of the Otamatea River as much an inlet of the Kaipara Harbour as a true river.
 The Beauronne is a 15 km long stream in the Dordogne department France. It is a tributary of the river Isle.The name has a Celtic origin and comes from bebros (beaver) and ona (river).
 The Valea Firii River or Fira River is a tributary of the Someșul Cald River in Romania.
 The Groapa River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 The Vânăta River is a tributary of the Milotina River in Romania.
 Mount Raimer 2572 feet (784 m) is a prominent peak in the Taconic Mountains of western Massachusetts and adjacent New York. The west side and summit are located in New York; the east slopes lie within Massachusetts. The summit ridge is part meadow and part wooded with red spruce balsam fir and northern hardwood tree species. It is notable for its views of the Hoosic River valley and Hudson River Valley. The 35 mi (56 km) Taconic Crest Trail traverses the mountain.
 Boy Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Boy Lake is approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) WWN of Rising Wolf Mountain.
 Shebshi Mountains (8.5°N 11.75°E﻿ / 8.5; 11.75) is a mountain range in Adamawa State northeastern Nigeria near the Cameroon border and between the Benue and Taraba rivers. The peak altitude is reach with Mount Dimlang (formerly Vogel) at 2042 m (6699 ft.).
 Warm Lake is a popular lake in Idaho United States. It is located 26 miles east of Cascade in Valley County at 5298 feet above sea level. The lake's abundance of wildlife makes it very popular for camping fishing and hunting. Visitors typically have a chance of seeing moose deer bear elk eagles and osprey. There are two lodges at the lake North Shore Lodge and Warm Lake Lodge. The Warm Lake Lodge on the lake has been there since 1911. It is part of the Boise National Forest.
 The Farmington River is a 46.7-mile-long (75.2 km) river located in northwest Connecticut with major tributaries extending into southwest Massachusetts. Via its longest branch (the West Branch) the Farmington's length increases to 80.4 miles (129.4 km) making it the Connecticut River's longest tributary by a mere 2.3 miles (3.7 km) over the major river directly to its north the Westfield River. The Farmington River's watershed covers 609 square miles (1580 km2).
 The Arfak Mountains are a mountain range found on the Bird's Head Peninsula in the Province of West Papua Indonesia. The mountain range is rugged and remote rising up to 7700 feet above sea level. Found near the town of Manokwari the mountains are an important and threatened site of biodiversity part of the Vogelkop Montane Rain Forests Ecoregion.
 Jirisan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 398 metres.
 Francis Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island west of Little Nitinat River and 40 km south of Port Alberni.
 Bobija (Serbian Cyrillic: Бобија) is a mountain in western Serbia near the town of Ljubovija. Its highest peak Tornička Bobija has an elevation of 1272 m (4173 ft) above sea level.
 The Văleni River ( Hungarian: Disznajó Disznajó-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.Its Hungarian name goes back to the word ‘disznó’ meaning “pig” and it meant in archaic Hungarian “Pig River”.
 Ommanney Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in Parry Channel and is a large inlet on the west side of Prince of Wales Island. It was named after the Victorian Arctic explorer and Royal Navy officer Sir Erasmus Ommanney.
 Vikerfjell is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Hohes Gras is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Camphill Lake Goffs is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Eisack (German: Eisack; Italian: Isarco; Latin: Isarus or Isarcus) is a river in Northern Italy the second largest river in South Tyrol. Its source is near the Brenner Pass at an altitude of about 1990 m above sea level. The river draws water from an area of about 4200 km². After about 96 km it joins the Adige river south of Bolzano. At first the river flows though the Wipptal and after the village of Vahrn through the Eisacktal.
 Nattaung is the highest mountain of the Karen Hills. It is located in the border area between Kayin State and Kayah State Burma 72 km to the west from the border with Thailand. With a height of 2623 m and a prominence of 1726 m Nattaung is one of the ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia.
 The Bananal River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Hardberg is an Odenwald mountain in Hesse Germany.
 The Bunea River is a tributary of the Pădurani River in Romania.
 The Chratzerengrat (2349 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located east of Muotathal in the canton of Schwyz. It lies north of the Pfannenstock.
 The Montmorency River is a river in the Capitale-Nationale region of Quebec Canada. It drains into the Saint Lawrence River about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) downstream from Quebec City. It is especially known for the impressive Montmorency Falls near its mouth.It has an average flow of 35.6 m³/s. Typical average summer flow is about 25 m³/s whereas during spring run-off the river could swell anywhere from 130 to 650 m³/s.
 Chub Lake is a lake in Twin Lakes Township Carlton County Minnesota United States. According to the Minnesota Department of Natural Resources (DNR) it has an area of 311 acres (1.26 km2) and a maximum depth of 28 feet (8.5 m). On its North end is Chub Lake Park with its beach and a state owned public boat access. The DNR's information on the lake says that its primary fish species are walleye and largemouth bass.
 Ladle Hill lies on Great Litchfield Down near the village of Burghclere and Watership Down in north Hampshire. It is immediately to the East of Beacon Hill. Part of the hill is a 10.37 hectares (25.6 acres) biological SSSI number 1000642 first notified in 1978. It is 232 metres high and has a hill forts and Tumulus on its slopes. The hill is easily accessed from the nearby cross county footpath Wayfarer's Walk. The hill falls within the North Wessex Downs Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
 The Curuá do Sul River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Mitbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lake Verona is located within the city of Avon Park Florida. While the lake covers only 41 acres (17 ha) it gets deep quickly with a maximum depth of about 80 feet (24 m).There is an area to launch boats where Church Street meets up with the lake's shore. Also there is a public park with picnic tables and shelterhouses. A public swimming beach is included in the park. However swimming should be done with caution since the water gets deep quickly.
 Aponguao River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Michelskopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The San Pellegrino Pass (Italian: Passo San Pellegrino) (1918 m) is a high mountain pass in the Italian Alps. It connects the municipalities of Moena and Falcade. The ski resort Trevalli is located at the pass. The area is also popular in summer for rock climbing. The Cima Uomo peak stands nearby.
 Mount Hooker (12509 feet (3813 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Mount Hooker was named for Joseph Dalton Hooker prominent 19th century British botanist and explorer. The north and east slopes of Mount Hooker present some of the tallest and steepest vertical cliffs in Wyoming and the peak is also remote being more than 20 mi (32 km) from a road.
 The Longá River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Portage Lake is a glacial lake in the Chugach National Forest of Alaska. It sits in a long heavily glaciated valley and abuts the calving face of Portage Glacier at its southern end. The lake has only become visible since approximately 1914 with the rapid retreat of Portage Glacier.
 Lake Varaždin (Croatian: Varaždinsko jezero) is a reservoir on the Drava in northern Croatia. It is administratively divided between Međimurje County and Varaždin County bordered by the municipalities of Varaždin Trnovec Bartolovečki and Čakovec.
 Lake Cohoha is a small lake in central Africa. It straddles the border between Burundi and Rwanda.
 Swirl How is a fell in the English Lake District. It stands between Coniston and the Duddon Valley in the southern part of the District.The Coniston (or Furness) Fells form the watershed between Coniston Water and the Duddon valley to the west. The range begins at Wrynose Pass and runs south for around 10 miles before petering out at Broughton in Furness on the Duddon Estuary.
 The Biușa River is a tributary of the Horoatu Cehului River in Romania.
 Tafelberg (literally Table Mountain) is one of the highest mountains in Suriname at 1026 metres (3366 ft). It is a mesa and is part of the Tafelberg Nature Reserve. The mountain is located in the Sipaliwini District. The Tafelberg Airstrip is nearby.
 Not to be confused with Eildon Hill ScotlandEldon Hill is situated in the Peak District National Park in the county of Derbyshire England four kilometres southwest of the village of Castleton. It is a grass-covered limestone hill which reaches a height of 470 metres (1542 feet). It is primarily pastureland and is used for rough grazing although a large proportion of the hill has been lost to limestone quarrying. It lies within the Castleton Site of Special Scientific Interest.
 Nasinu River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Opelt is the lava-flooded remnant of a lunar crater on the Mare Nubium. It lies to the north of a similar formation named Gould and to the northeast of the prominent Bullialdus.Only a slightly raised outline remains of Opelt's rim the interior having been inundated with lava. The rim has a wide break at the northern end and several smaller breaks to the south and southeast. The satellite craterlet Opelt E lies at the southern end of the surviving western rim.
 Macdonald River a perennial river that is part of the Namoi catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 Weltersbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Gásadatjávri is a lake in Karasjok Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 2.56-square-kilometre (0.99 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 500 metres (1600 ft) northeast of the large lake Iešjávri in the northwestern part of the municipality.
 Mount Bailey is a relatively young tephra cone and shield volcano in the Cascade Range located on the opposite side of Diamond Lake from Mount Thielsen in southern Oregon United States. Bailey consists of a 2000-foot (610 m)-high main cone on top of an old basaltic andesite shield volcano. With a volume of 8 to 9 km3 (1.9 to 2.2 cu mi) Mount Bailey is slightly smaller than neighboring Diamond Peak. Mount Bailey is a popular destination for recreational activities.
 The Borlovița River is a tributary of the Borlova River in Romania.
 The Waimea River is a river on the island of Kauai in the U.S. state of Hawaii. At 12.1 miles (19.5 km) in length it is one of the longest rivers in the Hawaiian Islands.It rises in a wet plateau of the island's central highlands in the Alaka'i Swamp the largest high-elevation swamp in the world.
 The Jumbo River is a 15.5-mile-long (24.9 km) tributary of the East Branch Ontonagon River in Iron and Houghton counties on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. Via the East Branch its waters flow north to the Ontonagon River and then to Lake Superior.
 Râul Doamnei is a left tributary of the Argeş River (the two rivers meet just north of Piteşti). It is formed at the junction of headwaters Valea Rea and Zârna River. It is 98 kilometers in length and frequently dries up in summer owing to the works upstream that have redirected part of its water supply toward a reservoir serving the hydroelectric plant on the Argeș.Râul Doamnei flows through a hilly region forming narrow strips of fertile plain on both of its banks.
 The São João River (Cubatão River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Del Toro River is a river of Chile.
 The Moutere River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from its origins southwest of Mapua reaching Tasman Bay at the Moutere Inlet a tidal lagoon three kilometres south of Motueka
 The Frasin River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Bila River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Barumun River.
 Kohlbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Chad is a small lake lying east of the mouth of Suess Glacier in the Taylor Valley of Victoria Land. It was charted by the British Antarctic Expedition 1910–13 under Robert Falcon Scott and named by them after the Lake Chad in Africa.Lake Chad is only about 5 metres (16 ft) southwest of Lake Hoare.
 Haaren is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Stephania is a crater on Venus in the northern Sedna Planitia. With a diameter of 11 kilometers (6.8 mi) it is one of the smaller craters on Venus. Because many small meteoroids disintegrate during their passage through the dense atmosphere there is an absence of craters smaller than 3 kilometers (1.9 mi) in diameter and even craters smaller than 25 kilometers (16 mi) are relatively scarce.
 Cyrniau Nod is a mountain summit in north east Wales. It is the smaller of the two Marilyns that form the Berwyn range the other being Cadair Berwyn. Its summit has the Snowdonia National Park boundary running through it. A number of rivers and streams rise from near the mountain including Afon Tanat Afon Cedig and Nant Ystrad-y-Groes.The views from the summit are extensive if unremarkable due to the featureless flat moorland surroundings.
 The Bec des Rosses is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking Verbier in the Swiss canton of Valais. It is connected to Verbier and the 4 Vallees ski area.Each year the Bec des Rosses hosts the world's most prestigious extreme skiing and snowboarding contest the Verbier Extreme. Most routes down the face are between 55 and 60 degrees and for this reason the Bec des Rosses is renowned as one of the toughest mountains to ski in the Alps.
 Hensbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Päijänne (Finnish pronunciation: [ˈpæi(j)ænːe]) is the second largest lake in Finland (1080 km2 (266874 acres)). The lake drains into the Gulf of Finland via the Kymi River. The major islands are from north to south Vuoritsalo Muuratsalo Onkisalo Judinsalo Edessalo Taivassalo Haukkasalo Vehkasalo Mustassalo Virmailansaari and Salonsaari. The largest island is Virmailansaari. The word saari means an island.
 Keweenaw Bay is an arm of Lake Superior in North America. It is located adjacent to the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan to the southeast of the Keweenaw Peninsula. It is also the name of a small community near the bay.Towns near Keweenaw Bay include Baraga L'Anse and Assinins.Indian Trails bus lines operates daily intercity service between Hancock MI and Milwaukee WI with a stop in the Keweenaw Bay at Carla's Lakeshore Motel.
 Pytheas is a small lunar impact crater located on the southern part of the Mare Imbrium to the south of the crater Lambert.It has a sharply defined rim a hummocky outer rampart and an irregular interior due to slumping or fall-back. There is a small crater along the northern outer rampart and a similar crater about 20 km to the west. The crater possesses a small ray system that extends for a radius of about 50 kilometers.
 Mount Ingalls is a mountain located in the Northern Sierra Nevada in California. The peak rises to an elevation of 8376 feet (2553 m) and is the highest point in Plumas County and Plumas National Forest. Most of the precipitation that falls on the mountain is snow due to the high elevation.
 The Buriticupu River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Fair Head (Irish: an Bhinn Mhór) is a rocky headland at the north-eastern corner of Northern Ireland in County Antrim. It lies 3 miles (5 km) east of Ballycastle town and is the closest part of the mainland to Rathlin Island. Geography books have long measured the length of Ireland from Fair Head to Mizen Head. It is a very highly regarded rock-climbing location and is believed to be the biggest expanse of climbable rock in either Ireland or Britain.
 Sholem Aleichem is a crater on Mercury named after the Yiddish writer. The plains deposits filling the crater's interior have been deformed by linear ridges.
 East Dix is a mountain located in Essex County New York. It is part of the Dix Range named after John A. Dix (1798–1879) New York Secretary of State in 1837 and later Governor. There has been a movement to change the name of the peak to Grace Peak in honor of Grace Hudowalski (1906–2004) the ninth person and first woman to climb all 46 of the Adirondack High Peaks.
 Fundin is a lake in the municipalities of Folldal in Hedmark county and Oppdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The 9.72-square-kilometre (3.75 sq mi) lake has a dam at the south end of it holding back the water for hydroelectric power production before letting it flow into the Einunna river.The lake lies about 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) east of the Drivdalen valley about 25 kilometres (16 mi) southeast of the village of Oppdal.
 The Otira River is located in the central South Island of New Zealand. It rises on the slopes of Mount Rolleston in the Southern Alps and flows north for 20 km passing through the town of Otira before joining the Taramakau River. The Taramakau's outflow is into the Tasman Sea 12 km south of Greymouth.The valley of the Otira River forms the northwestern approach to Arthur's Pass one of the three main passes across the Southern Alps.
 Mansar Lake (Urdu:منصر لکی) is situated 62 km (39 mi) from Jammu Mansar is a beautiful lake fringed by forest-covered hills over a mile in length by half-a-mile in width.Besides being a popular excursion destination in Jammu it is also a holy site sharing the legend and sanctity of Lake Mansarovar. On the Eastern Bank of the Lake there is a shrine to Sheshnag a mythological snake with six heads.
 Townley is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the eastern part of the Moon. It lies to the northwest of Mare Spumans and southeast of the crater Apollonius. This crater was designated Apollonius G before being assigned a name by the IAU.This crater is generally circular with inner wall that slopes down to a relatively dark floor that is generally flat. The albedo of this floor is similar to the lunar mare to the southeast.
 Bowen is a small lunar crater that is located to the southwest of the Montes Haemus on the edge of a small lunar mare named the Lacus Doloris. It is distinguished only by having a relatively flat floor rather than being bowl-shaped like most small craters. Bowen was previously designated Manilius A before the formation was named by the IAU. The crater Manilius is located to the south at the opposite shore of the Lacus.
 The Hood River formerly known as Dog River is a tributary of the Columbia River in northwestern Oregon in the United States.
 Folgefonna is a collective term for three plateau glaciers in Hardanger Norway Nordre (northern) Folgefonna (26 km2) Midtre (central) Folgefonna (11 km2) Søndre (southern) Folgefonna (167 km2) the third largest glacier in the mainland of Norway.In total Folgefonna covered 207 km2 (80 sq mi) in 2006. On 14 May 2005 Folgefonna National Park was established protecting the glaciers and the surrounding areas.The glacier is home to a summer skiing resort located on its northern region.
 The Agriș River is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania.
 The Valea Pitarului River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Monte Sano is a horseshoe-shaped mountain in Madison County Alabama beside the city of Huntsville. The top is relatively flat and lies just under 500 meters above sea level. This elevation is about 300 meters higher than the floor of the Tennessee Valley which surrounds it. A residential neighborhood occupies the western portion of the top. The eastern portion and slopes of the mountain are occupied by Monte Sano State Park.
 The Delta River is an 80-mile (130 km) tributary of the Tanana River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Its name in the Ahtna language is Saas Na’ . Fed by the Tangle Lakes of the Alaska Range the river flows north to meet the larger river near Big Delta.In 1980 62 miles (100 km) of waterways in the Delta River basin including all of the Tangle Lakes and the main stem to within 0.5 miles (0.8 km) of Black Rapids became part of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System.
 The Canoas River (Minas Gerais) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Rasikbil or Rasikbeel is a small lake situated in the Cooch Behar district of West Bengal India. This lake attracts a lot of birds which make nests in the trees around the lake. The bird varieties which live in and around the lake includes cormorants different varieties of storks ibis spoonbill kingfisher parrots owl and many others. There is a deer park and a crocodile rehabilitation center by the side of the lake.
 The San Ramón River is a river of Bolivia.
 Cerro de la Neblina (lit. Mountain of the Mist) also known as Serra da Neblina in Brazil and Sierra de la Neblina in Venezuela is a sandstone massif located in the northern Amazon Basin. It is a tilted heavily eroded plateau with a deep canyon in its central portion (Cañón Grande) drained by the Baria River. The southeastern ridge of the massif forms part of the Brazil–Venezuela border and it is where the massif reaches its highest elevation the Pico da Neblina in Brazilian territory.
 Socuy River is a river of northern Venezuela. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 Nicasio Reservoir is a shallow artificial reservoir in the Nicasio Valley region of Marin County California United States. It covers 845 acres (3.42 km2) and sits in a 35.9 square miles (93 km2) drainage basin. It was created by the construction of Seeger Dam on the Nicasio Creek in 1961. Seeger Dam is a 115-foot (35 m) tall 400-foot (120 m) long earthen dam owned by the Marin Municipal Water District.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Price County Wisconsin. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 1503 feet (458 m).
 The Urauchi River (浦内川 Urauchi-gawa) flows throw the central portion of the island of Iriomote in the Yaeyama District in Okinawa Prefecture Japan. It is the longest river in Okinawa.
 Lake Chervonoye (Belarusian: Чырвонае возера pronounced [tʂɨrˈvonaje ˈvozʲera]; Russian: Червоное озеро) is a large freshwater lake in the Zhytkavichy Raion Gomel Oblast of Belarus. Located at around 52.4°N 27.95°E﻿ / 52.4; 27.95 it has an area of 40.8 km2 (15.8 sq mi) and a maximum depth of about 2.9 m (9.5 ft).The lake is used for fishery and is the third largest lake in Belarus.
 The Kafni Glacier is located in the upper reaches of the Kumaon Himalayas to the southeast of Nanda Devi. The glacier gives rise to the Kafni River which is a tributary of the Pindar River. The Pinder River is a tributary to Alaknanda River which eventually is one of the two headstreams of the Ganges. This is relatively small glacier but a popular trekking destination along with Pindari Glacier.
 See also Winnacunnet (disambiguation).Winnecunnet Pond or Winneconnet Pond or Winnecunnett Pond very often called Lake Winnecunnet or Lake Winneconnet or Lake Winnecunnett although it is a pond rather than a lake is a body of water in Norton Massachusetts USA.The name also lends itself to the residential area around the pond. Winnecunnett (in its various spellings) may be an Algonquian word meaning beautiful place in the pines.
 Rutherford Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located at the north end of Rice Strait near the southern entrance of Kane Basin. Ellesmere Island is to the east.
 Lake Belmore was built in 1995 to supply town water to Croydon and provides additional benefits with the opportunity to swim fish ski and facilities for barbecues and picnics. A regular stocking program to ensure future fishing has been implemented. Unfortunately at this stage they do not permit camping around the lake.
 Mount Borodin (71°36′S 72°38′W) is a mainly ice-covered mountain 695 metres (2280 ft) high with a rock outcrop on the east side 7 nautical miles (13 km) north-northeast of Gluck Peak in the southwest part of Alexander Island Antarctica. A number of peaks in this general vicinity first appear on the maps of the Ronne Antarctic Research Expedition (RARE) 1947–48. This peak apparently one of these was mapped from RARE air photos by Derek J.H.
 The Red River is a 10.6-mile-long (17.1 km) river of Minnesota and Wisconsin flowing to the St. Louis River southwest of Duluth.
 Argyre Planitia is a plain located within the impact basin Argyre in the southern highlands of Mars. Its name comes from a map produced by Giovanni Schiaparelli in 1877; it refers to Argyre a mythical island of silver in Greek mythology.Argyre is centered at 49.7°S 316.0°E﻿ / -49.7; 316.0 and lies between 35° and 61° S and 27° and 62° W.
 Calero Reservoir is an artificial lake in the Santa Teresa Hills south of San Jose California U.S.A..The lake is formed by Calero Dam built in 1935 across Calero Creek. Its waters reach the San Francisco Bay by way of Los Alamitos Creek and the Guadalupe River.A 4455-acre county park surrounds the reservoir and provides fishing (catch-and-release) picnicking and hiking activities. Boating water-skiing and jet-skiing are permitted in the reservoir.
 The Mali Graben Canal (Slovene: Mali graben) is an artificial mitigation canal of the Gradaščica River and the largest affluent of the Ljubljanica. It was dug due to the frequent flooding of the Trnovo district of Ljubljana. It leaves the Gradaščica not far from Bokalce Castle then flows across the southern part of the Murgle residential district and joins the Ljubljanica from the left side near the Gruber Canal.
 Created in 1975 Tom Steed Reservoir is a reservoir in Kiowa County Oklahoma 6 miles (9.7 km) northwest of the city of Snyder Oklahoma. The reservoir is approximately 6400 acres (26 km²) of water created by damming West Otter Creek and diverting flows of Elk Creek through the Bretch Diversion Canal by Mountain Park Dam. Tom Steed Reservoir is the main feature of the Mountain Park Project of the U.S. Bureau of Reclamation.
 Mohusan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 919 metres.
 The Eau d'Heure lakes (French: lacs de l'Eau d'Heure) is a complex of five artificial lakes forming the largest lake area in Belgium.The dams were built during the 1970s. The lakes are not far from the village of Cerfontaine 50 kilometres (31 mi) south of the city of Charleroi and the border with France. They are within the municipalities of Cerfontaine (province of Namur) and Froidchapelle (province of Hainaut).The primary river feeding the lakes is the Eau d'Heure.
 The Narus River flows in a northwesterly direction through the southern portion of Kidepo Valley National Park in northern Uganda joining the larger Kidepo River near Komoloich about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) after entering Eastern Equatoria state of South Sudan.The name Narus is derived from the Karamajong word for mud.The Narus Valley has a 40% higher mean annual precipitation than the Kidepo Valley (89 centimetres (35 in) versus 64 centimetres (25 in)).
 The Sulița River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The River Ouse (/ˈuːz/ OOZ) is a river in the counties of West and East Sussex in England.
 The Montes de Toledo are one of the main systems of mountain ranges in the Iberian Peninsula. They divide the drainage basin of the Tagus from the basin of the Guadiana. The highest peak is 1603 m high La Villuerca.
 Holsavatnet is a lake which lies in the municipality of Førde in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The lake is located about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) east of the town of Førde and about 9.5 kilometres (5.9 mi) east of the village of Bruland. The village of Holsen lies at the eastern end of the lake. The European route E39 highway passes 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) west of the lake. The lake eventually flows into the river Jølstra.
 Enid Creek Cone is a subglacial mound in northwestern British Columbia Canada located in the Dark Mountain area. It last erupted during the Pleistocene epoch.
 The Yug (Russian: Юг) is a river in Kichmengsko-Gorodetsky Nikolsky and Velikoustyugsky Districts of Vologda Oblast and in Podosinovsky District of Kirov Oblast in Russia. It is 574-kilometer (357 mi) long and the area of its basin is 35600 square kilometers (13700 sq mi).
 The Pârâul Cuțitelor is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 Black Cap Mountain is a mountain in Hancock County Maine United States. It is near Orland Maine.
 The Sagami River (相模川 Sagamigawa) is a river in Kanagawa and Yamanashi Prefectures on the island of Honshū Japan. The upper reaches of the river in Yamanashi prefecture are also sometimes known as the Katsura River (桂川 Katsuragawa) and the portion near the river mouth as the Banyu River (馬入川 Banyugawa). The river overall was sometimes referred to as the Ayu River (鮎川 Ayugawa) from the sweetfish (ayu) which were once abundant in its waters.
 The Paroșul Mare River is a headwater of the Paroş River in Romania.
 The Klein Grieshorn (or Piccolo Corno Gries) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. The summit is the tripoint between the cantons of Valais Ticino and the region of Piedmont.
 The Tugaloo River (originally Tugalo River) is a 45.9-mile-long (73.9 km) river bordering the U.S. states of Georgia and South Carolina. It is fed by the Tallulah River and the Chattooga River which each form an arm of Lake Tugalo on the edge of Georgia's Tallulah Gorge State Park. The Tugaloo then flows out of the lake via Tugaloo Dam passing into Lake Yonah and through Yonah Dam. The river then ends as an arm of Lake Hartwell as does South Carolina's Seneca River.
 Elliott Knob is one of the highest mountains in the northern portions of the U.S. state of Virginia. At 4463 ft (1360 m) the peak is located on the ridge known as Great North Mountain. A subpeak known simply as Hogback (4447 ft (1355 m)) is located .50 mi (0.80 km) to the southwest.
 Saubach (Dürnach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake Kalli is a lake of Estonia.
 Vjosë or Aoös (Greek: Αώος for other forms of the name see below) is a river in northwestern Greece and southwestern Albania.Its total length is about 272 kilometres (169 mi) of which the first 80 kilometres (50 mi) are in Greece and the remaining 192 kilometres (119 mi) are in Albania. Vjosë is fed by two secondary branches both in Albania the Drino river and the Shushicë.Its source is in Greece specifically in the Pindus mountains in Epirus near the village of Vovousa.
 Urumbilum River a perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands and Northern Rivers districts of New South Wales Australia.
 Bilafond La (meaning Pass of the Butterflies in Balti language also known as the Saltoro Pass is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge sitting immediately west of the vast Siachen Glacier some 40 km (25 mi) directly north of map point NJ 980420 which defined the end of the 1972 Line of Control between Pakistan and India as part of the Simla Agreement.Bilafond La (Pass of the Butterflies) is on the ancient Silk Route linking undivided India and China.Bilafond La was a prominent feature during the 1984 start of military action in the Siachen Conflict between India and Pakistan. 
 Boobera Lagoon is a permanent water hole approximately 20 kilometres west of Goondiwindi Australia. It is located at 28.63°S 150.15°E﻿ / -28.63; 150.15. It lies several kilometres south of the Macintyre River which forms the border between Queensland (to the north) and New South Wales and is just north of the Mungindi - Goondiwindi road.
 The Pârâul Mijlociu is a headwater of the Valea Crişului River in Romania.
 The Songkhla lake (Thai: ทะเลสาบสงขลา RTGS: Thale Sap Songkhla IPA: [tʰa.leː sàːp sǒŋ.kʰlǎː]) is the largest natural lake in Thailand located on the Malay peninsula in the southern part of the country. Covering an area of 1040 km² it borders the provinces of Songkhla and Phatthalung. Despite being called a lake this water surface is actually a lagoon complex geologically.The lake is divided into three distinct parts.
 Einfallsgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Clinch River rises in Southwest Virginia near Tazewell Virginia and flows southwest through the Great Appalachian Valley gathering various tributaries including the Powell River before joining the Tennessee River in East Tennessee.
 The Morișca River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
 Oßlinger Berg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Little River is a short river in Maine. From the outflow of Little River Lake (45°09′26″N 67°48′42″W) in T.47 MD BPP the river runs 7.1 miles (11.4 km) southeast and northeast to Big Lake in T.27 ED BPP.Little River and its main tributary Grand Lake Brook provide an alternate drainage from West Grand Lake to Big Lake in parallel to Grand Lake Stream. Big Lake drains into the Grand Falls Flowage a reservoir created by the Grand Falls Dam on the St. Croix River in Baileyville.
 Jirishanca or Hirishanca (in hispanicized spellings) is a mountain of the Waywash mountain range in west central Peru part of the Andes. At 6126 metres (20098 ft)[citation needed] (other sources: 6094 m (19993 ft)) it is the tenth highest in Peru and the third in the Waywash mountain range (after Yerupajá and Siula Grande). First climbed in July 1956 by Toni Egger and Siegfried Jungmeir the mountain is notoriously difficult and has been very few successful ascents.
 Laubwand is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Valea Sasului River or Sasul River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 Hickory Mountain is a mountain in Passaic County New Jersey. The peak rises to 502 feet (153 m). It is part of the Ramapo Mountains.
 The Utukok River is a 225-mile (362 km) long stream in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. It rises in the De Long Mountains at the confluence of Kogruk and Tupik creeks and flows north northeast and then northwest. It empties into Kasegaluk Lagoon on the Chukchi Sea of the Arctic Ocean 20 miles (32 km) southwest of Icy Cape.Utoqaq meaning old or ancient is the Inuit name for Icy Cape. Variant names used for the river in the 19th century included Utukak and Ootokok.
 The Studenica (Serbian Cyrillic: Студеница pronounced [studɛ̌nitsa]) is a river in southwestern Serbia a 60 km-long left tributary to the Ibar river.
 The Hagiul River is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 Ruhrbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Rocca is a lunar crater that is located near the western limb of the Moon. It lies to the northwest of the flooded crater Crüger and to the west of the Montes Cordillera. Just to the east-southeast of Rocca is the small Lacus Aestatis a small lunar mare.This crater lies within the skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin and radial streaks of material have modified the surroundings of Rocca.
 Mount Verstovia is a colloquially referred to 2550 foot (777 meter) mountain southwest of downtown Sitka Alaska on Baranof Island which according USGS maps is really an unnamed peak.
 The Vermillion River flows in the territory of La Tuque (urban agglomeration) in Upper-Mauricie in the administrative region of Mauricie in the Quebec in Canada.
 Skeleton Cave is a lava tube within Deschutes County Oregon of the United States. The cave is within Deschutes National Forest and is located on the northern flank of Newberry Volcano near the city of Bend.
 Stob Coire an Laoigh (Scottish Gaelic: Peak of the corrie of the calf) is a Scottish mountain in The Grey Corries Range 15 kilometres north east of Kinlochleven.At an elevation of 1116 metres (3661 ft) Stob Coire an Laoigh is equal 37th in height (with Aonach Beag) on the Munro table.
 Slumgullion Pass elevation 11530 ft (3510 m) is a mountain pass in Colorado traversed by State Highway 149 east of Lake City. The north side has the steepest grade of any continuously paved road in Colorado (9%) but the pass does not close often in winter because snowplows clear the route regularly during this season.
 The Pârâul lui Mihai River is a tributary of the Cavnic river in Romania.
 Balkana (Serbian Cyrillic: Балкана) is a lake located in the municipality of Mrkonjić Grad eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina. The lake is part of the Tourist centre Balkana.
 The Teal River is a river of the Nelson Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from its origins in hilly country to the west of the city of Nelson to reach the Wakapuaka River.
 Mount Teide (Spanish: Pico del Teide IPA: [ˈpiko ðel ˈteiðe] Teide Peak) is a volcano on Tenerife in the Canary Islands. Its 3718-metre (12198 ft) summit is the highest point in Spain and the highest point above sea level in the islands of the Atlantic. At 7500 m (24600 ft) from its base on the ocean floor it is the third highest volcano on a volcanic ocean island in the world after Mauna Kea and Mauna Loa in Hawaii. Its elevation makes Tenerife the tenth highest island in the world.
 Wallingat River a watercourse of the Great Lakes system is located in the Mid North Coast district of New South Wales Australia.
 The Kettle is an 83.6-mile-long (134.5 km) tributary of the St. Croix River in eastern Minnesota in the United States. Via the St. Croix River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. The river's English name is due to the large number of large rounded holes (kettles) in the sandstone in and around the river carved out by the swirling waters of the river. The river's Dakota name Céġa watpa entered into English via the Anishinaabe people's Akiko-ziibi both meaning Kettle River.
 Großer Dieckriver is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Pic Sans Nom (3913 m) (tr: Peak without Name) is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins in the French Alps. It lies in the middle of the steep mountain mass that runs south-west from Mont Pelvoux to the Ailefroide.Its steep and extensive northern precipices are bounded by the Glacier Noir; its southern slopes providing the only relatively easy means of access are bounded by the Glacier du Coup de Sabre and the Glacier de Sialouze.
 The Rio Puerco de Chama is a tributary of the Rio Chama in the U.S. state of New Mexico. It flows northeast from the Nacimiento Mountains to join the Chama above Abiquiu Lake.
 Hamlet is the largest crater on the known part of the surface of Uranus' moon Oberon. It has diameter of about 206 km and is named after the title character of the play Hamlet by William Shakespeare. The crater has a dark floor and is surrounded by a system of bright rays which are ice ejecta deposited during the impact event. The nature of the dark material on the floor is not known but it may have erupted from depth. The crater was first imaged by the Voyager 2 spacecraft in January 1986.
 Salasungo (also known as Ganesh III/IV Ganesh SE Sangjing Ri Tsala Sungo Chaglasumgo or Kang Lombo) is a peak of the Ganesh Himal on the border between Nepal and Tibet (China).Salasungo and the entire Ganesh Himal lie between the Burhi Gandaki and Trisuli Gandaki valleys about 70 km northwest of Kathmandu. Salasungo lies about 6 km south of Yangra (Ganesh I). The name Salasungo is also often used to refer to another peak located 4 km further west Ganesh NW.
 The Santa Maria do Rio Doce River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Tămășești River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
 The West Gate Range is a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 Not to be confused with Col de la Forclaz (France) near Montmin overlooking Lake Annecy.Col de la Forclaz (el. 1527 m or 5010 ft) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the Canton of Valais in Switzerland. It connects Martigny at 471 m (1545 ft) and Le Châtelard (Finhaut). The road from Martigny to the Col has an average gradient of 6% but in parts is more like 8%.
 The Lungu River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in eastern Romania.
 The Vranița River is a tributary of the Bâlta River in Romania.
 The Guțan River is a headwater of the Șimon River in Romania.
 The Acari River flows in Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil. It is one of the major water-courses of the city of Rio de Janeiro. The origin of the name is Guarani a corruption of aqûâ-ára-i meaning enduring current. It is not related to the Loricariidae Acari fish.
 McGregor Lake is an elongated (40 by 2 km or 24.9 by 1.2 mi) reservoir in Southern Alberta. McGregor Lake was created in 1920 by the completion of two dams bracketing Snake Lake in Snake Valley. It is situated 100 km (62 mi) southeast of the Calgary in the County of Vulcan. The reservoir is part of the Carseland-Bow River Headworks System that is owned and operated by Alberta Environment and delivers water to the Bow River Irrigation District.
 Petersen Mountain is a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada.
 The Kaumajet Mountains are a dramatic compact mountain range rising directly out of the sea on the northern Labrador coast. The mountain range boasts one 4000-foot (1200 m) peak the highest island peak on the east coast of North America between the Caribbean and Hudson Strait and several peaks with very high prominence. The highest mountain in the Kaumajet Mountains is Brave Mountain at 1300 m (4265 ft).
 Kimsachata also Kimsa Chata (Aymara and Quechua kimsa three Pukina chata mountain three mountains hispanicized spelling Quimsachata Quinsachata erroneously also Quimsachta which has no meaning in the local languages) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5442 metres (17854 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province Marcapata District.
 Veybach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Valea Măturarului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Vestal Peak elevation 13870 ft (4230 m) is a summit in the Needle Mountains of southwest Colorado. The peak is southeast of Silverton in the Weminuche Wilderness.
 Martis Creek is a northward-flowing stream originating on Sawtooth Ridge west of the peak of Mount Pluto in Placer County California United States. After crossing into Nevada County California it is tributary to the Truckee River on the eastern side of Truckee.
 The Wendelstein is a 1838-metre (6030-foot) high mountain in the Bavarian Alps in South Germany. It belongs to the so-called Mangfall Mountains the eastern part of the Bavarian Pre-Alps. It is the highest peak in the Wendelstein massif. Due to its exposed location it has a very good view over the Bavarian Alpine Foreland and is unmistakable for miles around. It lies between the valleys of the Leitzach and Inn and is accessible via the Wendelstein Cable Car and the Wendelstein Rack Railway.
 The Ucea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is sometimes identified as the Ucea Mare River
 The South Two River is a 22.8-mile-long (36.7 km) tributary of the Two River of Minnesota United States. It is part of the Mississippi River watershed.The South Two River rises east of Albany at the outlet of Schwinghamer Lake and flows northeast past Holdingford. Near Bowlus it joins the North Two River to form the Two River which continues 5.6 miles (9.0 km) to the Mississippi.
 Skjaldbreiður meaning the broad shield in Icelandic is an Icelandic mountain from whose name the term shield volcano derives. It was formed in a huge and protracted eruption roughly 9000 years ago[citation needed]. The extensive lava fields which were produced by this eruption flowed southwards and formed the basin of Þingvallavatn Iceland's largest lake and Þingvellir the Parliament Plains where the Icelandic national assembly the Alþing was founded in 930.
 Bighorn Lake is a reservoir in the United States located in Southern Montana and Northern Wyoming in the Bighorn Canyon National Recreation Area. The lake is 40 mi (64 km) south of Billings Montana. Bighorn Lake was created by the construction of Yellowtail Dam near Fort Smith Montana in 1965. It stretches the entire 72 mi (115 km) length of the Bighorn Canyon at full pool.Photographsde:Yellowtail-Talsperrepl:Jezioro Bighorn
 Mwanda Peak is the highest topographical point in the border of Zambia. It is located near the border with Malawi in the thin northeastern arm of Eastern Province and sits in the Nyika Plateau.
 The Bănești River or Cicănești River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 The Capra River is a tributary of the Motrul Sec River in Romania.
 The Woolley River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It initially flows east before turning north to reach the Maruia River close to the settlement of Maruia.
 The Pedra d´Água River is a river in Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Ciumărna River is a tributary of the Treznea River in Romania.
 Lake Kaiwai is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Guide Rock whose Pawnee name is Pa-hur or Pahur is a hill in south central Nebraska in the United States. In the traditional Pawnee religion it was one of five dwelling places of spirit animals with miraculous powers.In 1806 Zebulon Pike found a large Pawnee village nearby; he persuaded the inhabitants to lower the flag of Spain and replace it with that of the United States. The hill's English name was given to the nearby village of Guide Rock Nebraska.
 The Valea Strădinoasei River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Gudde Mardi is a small hill near the city Shimoga Karnataka India. There is a Lord Eshwara temple on the hill. Gudde Mardi is 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from the village of Mattur and 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from the bus stand. The site and can be reached by auto rickshaw. The best time to visit is in the early evenings during summer season as the stones are slippery during the monsoon.
 España Lake is a lake in the Santa Cruz Department Bolivia. Its surface area is 34 km².
 The Fântâna Cerbului River is a tributary of the Brăneasa River in Romania.
 The River Gilpin is a river in the English county of Cumbria.
 The Coșava River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Coşava Mare and Coşava Mică
 The Bec de la Montau is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located south of Nendaz in the Swiss canton of Valais. It lies on the range that separates the Val de Nendaz from the Val d'Hérémence which culminates at Le Métailler.
 The Bonito River (Canoinhas River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Paraná River basin.
 The Nive (Basque: Errobi Occitan: Niva) is a French river that flows through the French Basque Country. It is a left tributary of the river Adour. The river's source in the Pyrenees in Lower Navarre. The river Nive was made famous by the Le petit Nicolas series.
 The Valea lui Vasile River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 Daraá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Masazirgol (Azerbaijani: Masazır gölü) or Masazir Lake is a salty lake of in Qaradag raion near Baku Azerbaijan.The overall area of the lake is 10 km2.Large volumes of chloride and sulphate are concentrated in ion composition of the water. A new salt making plant was built in 2010 for production of 2 Azeri brands of salt. The estimated amount of recoverable salt is 1735 million tons. It is available in liquid (water) and clay forms.
 Bang Lang Reservoir (Thai: เขื่อนบางลาง pronounced [kʰɯ̀ːən baːŋ laːŋ]) is a largest reservoir in Yala Province of Thailand. The reservoir is located on the Pattani River in Southern Thailand.The dam is 85 metres high with a crest of 422 metres long and the reservoir has a capacity of 1420 million cubic metres. It is used for irrigation flood control as well as to produce 1275 kW of electricity.
 The Ionașcu River is a tributary of the Dresleuca River in Romania.
 Delisle is a small lunar crater in the western part of the Mare Imbrium. It lies to the north of the crater Diophantus and just to the northwest of the ridge designated Mons Delisle. Between Delisle and Diophantus is a sinuous rille named Rima Diophantus with a diameter of 150 km. To the northeast is another rille designated Rima Delisle named after this crater.The rim of Delisle is somewhat polygonal in form and it has a low central rise on the floor.
 Beaucatcher Mountain is located in a portion of the Appalachian Mountain Range known as the Great Craggy Mountains in Asheville North Carolina. Its name was said to have been coined by James W. Patton who once teased his sister-in-law Charlotte Kerry after watching her stroll the mountainside with her beau.
 Michelangelo is a 216 km diameter impact basin in the Michelangelo quadrangle of Mercury which is named after this crater. The crater itself is named after the artist Michelangelo. It is located at 45.0°S 109.1°W.
 Kazabazua River is a tributary of the Gatineau River in western Quebec Canada.The river gives its name to Kazabazua a village in La Vallée-de-la-Gatineau Regional County Municipality. Derived from the Algonquin language the name of this river has had many spellings including Kazaluzu Kasubasua Cazabasua Cazibazouis Cazebalzuac and Cajibajouis.
 The River Sence is a river which flows in Leicestershire England. The tributaries of the Sence including the Saint and Tweed fan out over much of western Leicestershire from Charnwood Forest and Coalville in the north-east to Hinckley and almost to Watling Street in the south and south-west. Its watershed almost coincides with Hinckley and Bosworth Borough of Leicestershire which was formed in 1974 by amalgamation of Market Bosworth Rural District and Hinckley Urban District.
 The Hinterrhein (English: Posterior Rhine) is one of the two initial tributaries of the Rhine (less in length but bigger by volume) in the Canton of Graubünden in Switzerland flowing from the village Hinterrhein near the San Bernardino pass through the Rheinwald valley into a gorge called Roflaschlucht. In this gorge an equally sized tributary the Avers Rhine adds waters from the very remote Avers valley and its side valley Valle di Lei on Italian territory.
 The Călacea River is a tributary of the Leveleș River in Romania.
 The Nireș River is a headwater of the Tecșe River in Romania.
 Little Thornapple River is a 9.1-mile-long (14.6 km) river in Eaton County in the U.S. state of Michigan.The Little Thornapple rises in central Carmel Township at 42°33′23″N 84°54′27″W approximately 4.5 miles (7.2 km) from downtown Charlotte. There are few named tributaries.
 Mount Scott is a prominent mountain just to the northwest of Lawton Oklahoma rising to a height of 2464 feet (751 m). It is located in the Wichita Mountains near Fort Sill Military Reservation and lies in the Wichita Mountains National Wildlife Refuge (WMWR). The US Fish and Wildlife Service is responsible for the maintenance of the area. Visitors can reach the summit by car or bicycle via a three-mile paved road.
 Rimbach (Herrgottsbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake Alvin is an artificial lake in Lincoln County South Dakota between Harrisburg South Dakota and Granite Iowa. The lake is formed by a dam on Nine Mile Creek just before it enters the Big Sioux River east of Harrisburg. It is part of a 59-acre (240000 m2) recreational area.
 The Blue Earth River is a tributary of the Minnesota River 108 miles (174 km) long in southern Minnesota in the United States. Two of its headwaters tributaries the Middle Branch Blue Earth River and the West Branch Blue Earth River also flow for short distances in northern Iowa. By volume it is the Minnesota River's largest tributary accounting for 46% of the Minnesota's flow at the rivers' confluence in Mankato.
 The Afon Senni is a river in Powys Wales which rises in the Fforest Fawr section of the Brecon Beacons National Park and flows northwards for 11 kilometres (7 mi) to a confluence with the River Usk at Sennybridge.The river rises as Blaen Senni to the north of the peak of Fan Nedd and east of Fan Gyhirych (51.8621°N 3.5931°W﻿ / 51.8621; -3.5931﻿ (Afon Senni (source))) occupying a deep glacial trough until it reaches the hamlet of Heol Senni.
 Cerro Tomasamil is a mountain in Bolivia located east of Ollagüe volcano.
 The River Dovey (Afon Dyfi in Welsh) is a river in Mid Wales. The Dovey estuary forms the border between the counties of Gwynedd and Ceredigion.
 The San Rafael Mountains are a mountain range in central Santa Barbara County California U.S.. They are part of the Transverse Ranges system of Southern California which in turn are part of the Pacific Coast Ranges system of western North America.
 The Tamarac River is an 82.1-mile-long (132.1 km) tributary of the Red River of the North flowing entirely within Marshall County Minnesota in the United States.
 The Traverse River is an 11.9-mile-long (19.2 km) river in Keweenaw and Houghton counties on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It flows into Lake Superior just north of Keweenaw Bay.
 Sierpinski is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southeast of the huge walled plain Gagarin and to the northwest of the crater O'Day and the Mare Ingenii.This crater has undergone some wear particularly along the southwest where Sierpinski Q intrudes slightly into the inner wall. The rim is higher and the inner wall wider along the eastern side. There is a prominent ridge within the interior that extends from near the midpoint to the northern inner wall.
 The San Martin River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Oroiu River ( Hungarian: Uraly-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Perdido River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Pfaffenberg (Spessart) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Aiguille Verte (French pronunciation: ​[eɡij vɛʁt]; 4122 m (13524 ft)) which is French for Green Needle is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the French Alps. It was first climbed on 29 June 1865 by Edward Whymper Christian Almer and Franz Biner a fortnight before the fateful first ascent of the Matterhorn. Whymper was unable to climb with his usual guide Michel Croz who had to wait for a client in Chamonix.
 Dalešice Dam lies on the Jihlava River in the Czech Republic. It was built between 1970 and 1978 as a water source for the nearby Dukovany Nuclear Power Station. With nearby Mohelno Dam it is part of the Dalešice pumped-storage plant. The installed capacity of its Francis turbines is 4x120 MW (increased after reconstruction 2007).
 Mount Moturau is a mountain at height 1497 m rising south west of the Hope Arm of Lake Manapouri and clearly visible from Manapouri township. Note: Topographic map C44 Hunter Mountains GR 2080950E 5497500N. Not named on official mapping pre 10 May 2001.
 Walshs Pyramid (Bundadjarruga) (922 m) is an independent peak with a distinct pyramidal appearance 20 km south of Cairns Queensland Australia. Scene of an annual footrace held on the third Saturday in August to its summit. The Pyramid race starts at the nearby town of Gordonvale and attracts hundreds of competitors aiming to win the $5000 that is up for grabs. The mountain is very steep so one should be reasonably fit to make the climb to the top.
 Schmelzbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Jarut (Serbian Cyrillic: Јарут) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia surrounding the Pešter plateau near the town of Tutin. Its highest peak Markov vrh has an elevation of 1428 meters above sea level.
 Middle Fork Cimarron River is a 10.3-mile-long (16.6 km) tributary of the Cimarron River in Colorado. The river's source is east of Coxcomb Peak in the Uncompahgre Wilderness of Hinsdale County. It joins the East Fork Cimarron River in Gunnison County to form the Cimarron River.
 The Pârâul Țiganului is a headwater of the Fântâna Albă River in Romania.
 Big Baldy Mountain is the tallest mountain in the Little Belt Mountains located in Judith Basin County Montana. The mountain is 9181 feet (2798 m) high. The mountain is locally known as Mount Baldy.[citation needed]
 Drepte is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Măureni River is a tributary of the Moraviţa River in Romania.
 The Stâna Giurgiului River is a tributary of the Giurgiu River in Romania.
 The Dolomites (Italian: Dolomiti; Ladin: Dolomites; German: Dolomiten; Venetian: Dołomiti: Friulian: Dolomitis) are a mountain range located in northeastern Italy. They form a part of Southern Limestone Alps and extend from the River Adige in the west to the Piave Valley (Pieve di Cadore) in the east. The northern and southern borders are defined by the Puster Valley and the Sugana Valley (Val Sugana).
 The Wesachewan River is a short river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Census Division No. 22 - Thompson-North Central Northern Region Manitoba Canada. It flows 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) out of Vermilyea Lake via twin channels which combine at 54°30′31″N 94°44′28″W then flows over the Namaykos Rapids and empties into Wesachewan Bay on Gods Lake.
 Lago dell'Accesa is a lake at Massa Marittima in the Province of Grosseto Tuscany Italy. At an elevation of 157 m its surface area is 0.14 km².
 Eagle Ribs Mountain (8140 feet (2481 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Lower Quartz Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Lower Quartz Lake is 1.5 miles (2.4 km) southwest of Quartz Lake. Lower Quartz Lake is a 3 miles (4.8 km) hike from the Bowman Lake Picnic Area.
 The Câmpul Ascuns River is a headwater of the Iordana River in Romania. The river starts at the junction of headwaters Cărbunaru River and Găvanu River
 Loch an Sgoltaire is an impounding reservoir located on the Inner Hebridean island of Colonsay Scotland. It is located at grid reference NR386972 northwest of Kiloran and is the main source of fresh water for the island. The concrete dam was constructed in 1982 and is 3.1 metres high.On one of the islands in the loch is a ruined castle similar to Loch Gorm Castle Islay.
 The Bisericii Creek ( in Hungarian Templom-patak ) is a right tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name means both in Romanian and Hungarian “Church's Creek”.
 Berlebecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Spallanzani Crater is found in the Hellas quadrangle of Mars located at 58.3° south latitude and 273.7° west longitude. It is 72.5 km in diameter and was named after Lazzaro Spallanzani an Italian biologist (1729-1799).
 The Vulturul River is a tributary of the Tisa River in Romania.
 Eureka Peak is a mountain in the Black Rock Canyon region of Joshua Tree National Park in the U.S. state of California. The peak is the 4th highest summit in the park after Quail Mountain Queen Mountain and Inspiration Peak. The Eureka Peak Road an unpaved dirt road leads up to the summit from Upper Covington Flat and is drivable by 4-wheel drive vehicles under suitable conditions.
 Boyd Lake is a lake in western Quebec Canada.
 The Trent and Mersey Canal is a 93.5-mile long canal (150.5 km) in the East Midlands West Midlands and north-west of England. It is a narrow canal for the vast majority of its length but at the extremities to the east of Burton upon Trent and west of Middlewich it is a wide canal.The narrow locks and bridges are big enough for a single narrowboat 7 ft wide (2.1 m) × 72 ft long (22 m) while the wide locks can accommodate boats 14 ft wide (4.3 m) or two narrowboats next to each other.
 The Maerewhenua River also known as the Marewhenua River is a small river in the Otago region of New Zealand's South Island. It is located in North Otago and acts as a tributary of the Waitaki River which forms the border between Otago and Canterbury.The river flows to the east of the small town of Duntroon.
 The Šešupė (About this sound pronunciation ; Polish: Szeszupa; Russian: Шешупе; German: Scheschup(p)e) is a river that flows through Poland (27 km) Lithuania (158 km) and Russia (62 km). The river flows for 51 km along the border between the Kaliningrad Oblast an enclave of Russia and Lithuania.
 Babb Creek is a 21.7-mile-long (34.9 km) tributary of Pine Creek in Pennsylvania in the United States.Babb Creek joins Pine Creek at the community of Blackwell in Tioga County. The tributary Stony Fork Creek joins Babb Creek 3.5 miles (5.6 km) upstream of Pine Creek.
 Germany Valley is a scenic upland valley high in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia originally settled by German (including Pennsylvania Dutch) farmers in the mid-18th Century.
 Yucca Mountain is a mountain in Nevada near its border with California approximately 100 miles (160 km) northwest of Las Vegas. Located in the Great Basin Yucca Mountain is east of the Amargosa Desert south of the Nevada Test and Training Range and in the Nevada National Security Site. It is the site of the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository which is currently identified by Congressional law as the nation's spent nuclear waste storage facility.
 Atiparaná River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Cramoner See is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 43.1 m its surface area is 0.53 km².
 The Passer (Italian: Passirio German: Passer) is a 42.6 km torrent in northern Italy a left tributary of the Adige whose entire course lies within South Tyrol. The stream rises near the Alpine pass between Italy and Austria known as the Timmelsjoch and flows through the Passeier Valley where the most important settlement is St. Leonhard in Passeier. The river joins the Adige at Meran where it is a significant site for competitive canoeing beneath the Steinerner Steg.
 Samsinbong is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1284 metres.
 Aschberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Bârloaia River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
 The Cordillera de la Costa Central is a range of the Venezuelan Coastal Ranges System (Cordillera de la Costa) in northern Venezuela.
 The Românul River is a tributary of the Apa Roşie River in Romania.
 Gauguin is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 72 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Gauguin is named for the French painter Paul Gauguin who lived from 1848 to 1903.
 Araway Qhata (Quechua araway to hang to hang oneself to kill someone by hanging qhata slope hillside) which further to the south is named Kunturuma (Quechua kuntur condor uma head condor head hispanicized spelling Condoroma) is a mountain in the south of the city of Cusco in Peru. It lies in the Cusco Region Cusco Province Santiago District.
 Arapaho Glacier is an alpine glacier in a cirque immediately southeast of North Arapaho Peak in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado. The glacier is just east of the Continental Divide. Arapaho Glacier is the largest glacier in the state of Colorado and helps provide water for the city of Boulder Colorado. The glacier has a negative glacier mass balance and lost 52% of its surface area during the 20th Century.
 Lake Matiri is a lake adjoining Kahurangi National Park in the North West corner of New Zealand's South Island. The lake is part of the Matiri River.
 The Kissimmee River is a river in south-central Florida United States.
 The Guranda River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 For the tribe see Chickahominy (tribe).The Chickahominy is an 87-mile-long (140 km) river in the eastern portion of the U.S. state of Virginia. The river which serves as the eastern border of Charles City County rises about 15 miles (24 km) northwest of Richmond and flows southeast and south to the James River. The river was named after the Chickahominy Indian tribe who lived near the river when it was claimed by English colonists in 1607 and whose descendants live in Charles City VA today.
 Peach Creek (San Jacinto River) is a river in Texas.
 The Tuscarora Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County Nevada. The southern perimeter of the north-south mountain range is the Humboldt River and valley.
 Cormorant Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Diaca River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Frumușeaua River is a tributary of the Valea Borcutului River in Romania.
 Piz Uccello is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking the San Bernardino Pass in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range culminating at the Einshorn.
 Saint Martin's Peak (Polish: Góra Świętego Marcina) (384 m above sea level) is a hill located southeast of the center of Tarnów Poland partly inside the city's administrative boundaries. It forms the northern edge of the threshold of the Carpathian foothills.
 Krähenkuhlenfleet is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Mount Parker locally known as Melibengoy is a stratovolcano on Mindanao island in the Philippines (6°06.8' N 124°53.5' E). It is located in the province of South Cotabato 30 kilometers west of General Santos City and 44 kilometers south of Koronadal City.The volcano's English name is taken from an American General General Frank Parker who spotted the mountain and claimed to have discovered it during a flight he piloted in 1934.
 The Tocantizinho River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Acari River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 City Mills Dam is a dam on the Chattahoochee River between Downtown Columbus Georgia and Phenix City Alabama. The dam was built in 1907 to power the City Mills grist mill. Previously a wooden dam dating to 1828 had existed at the site. The dam impounds a 1.3-mile (2.1 km) run of the river reservoir of approximately 110 acres (0.45 km2).
 Andfjorden is a fjord on the border of Nordland and Troms counties in Norway. It primarily flows between the large islands of Andøya and Senja. The smaller islands of Bjarkøya and Grytøya are located in the fjord. The main crossing is via the Andenes–Gryllefjord Ferry between Andøy and Torsken municipalities.The fjord is about 60 kilometres (37 mi) long has a maximum width of 30 kilometres (19 mi) and has a maximum depth of 517 metres (1696 ft).
 Arpe (Wenne Niederberndorf) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Kolana Rock is a prominent granite dome located along the southern edge of Hetch Hetchy Valley in Yosemite National Park. John Muir stated that Kolana was the Indian name for the rock. It towers 2000 feet (610 m) above the Hetch Hetchy Reservoir.The dome is closed to rock climbing during the breeding season of the Peregrine Falcon.
 Cerro Pantoja also spelled as Cerro Pantojo is an extinct stratovolcano on the border of Argentina and Chile. It lies immediately south of Cardenal Antonio Samoré Pass and its characteristic spire-shaped summit is an eroded volcanic plug.
 Reull Vallis is a valley on Mars that appears to have been carved by water. It runs westward into Hellas Planitia. It is named after the Gaelic word for planet.
 Mount Friesland is a mountain in the Tangra Mountains of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands. It is situated 12.5 kilometres (7.8 mi) northeast of Barnard Point 9.7 kilometres (6.0 mi) east-southeast of St.
 Loch Valley is a loch in Galloway Forest Park to the east of Buchan Hill north of the Rig of the Jarkness and southwest of Craignaw. It drains via Gairland Burn down to Loch Trool.The loch has a catchment area entirely on the Loch Doon granite is oligotrophic and has suffered from gradual acidification since the mid-19th century leading to the elimination of the original Brown Trout population.
 The Dosățel River is a tributary of the Stăunoiu River in Romania.
 The Uz River is a tributary of the Trotuş in Romania. The Poiana Uzului Dam is located on the Uz River.
 The Montezuma Range is a mountain range in Esmeralda County Nevada.
 Amatola Amatole or Amathole are a range of densely forested mountains situated in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. The word Amatole means ‘calves’ in Xhosa and Amathole District Municipality which lies to the south is named after these mountains.
 Deutsch is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southwest of the larger crater Seyfert. About one crater to the east-northeast is Polzunov.Its name comes from Armin Joseph Deutsch an American astronomer and science-fiction author.This crater has a relatively low eroded rim that is heavily damaged along the southeastern section. This portion is overlain by Deutsch F along the east and Deutsch L to the south with an irregular region between these two formations.
 K2 (also known as Chhogori/Qogir Ketu/Kechu and Mount Godwin-Austen) is the second-highest mountain on Earth after Mount Everest. It is located on the border between Baltistan in the Gilgit–Baltistan region of northern Pakistan and the Taxkorgan Tajik Autonomous County of Xinjiang China.
 The Božídarský Špičák (German: Gottesgaber Spitzberg) is the third highest mountain in the Ore Mountains. It lies in the Czech Republic immediately next to the highest town in Centra Europe Boží Dar (Gottesgab).
 The Sădișor River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Lake Wabby is a small freshwater green colored lake. It is located in the Great Sandy National Park on the eastern side of Fraser Island off the coast of Queensland Australia. The lake is directly adjacent to a sand blow which is slowly moving into the lake. Eventually it will disappear under the sand.Unlike most other lakes on Fraser Island which are too acidic Lake Wabby provides habitat to several species of fish.The lakes is both a window lake and a barrage lake.
 Mount Clarke is a mountain in southwestern British Columbia Canada located 21 km (13 mi) northwest of Hemlock Valley and 6 km (4 mi) south of Grainger Peak. It is part of the Douglas Ranges the southernmost subdivision of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.The northwest ridge of Mount Clarke contains the sub-peaks Viennese and Recourse which are considered separate peaks.
 The Aura River is a river in Nesset Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It starts from Lake Aursjøen and flows first to the west then north-west through the village of Eikesdalen and empties into the large lake Eikesdalsvatnet.The river is 25.3 kilometres (15.7 mi) long and has a catchment area of 842.43 square kilometres (325.26 sq mi).
 The Modau is a 44 km long right tributary of the Rhine River running through the German state of Hesse. Historically there have been many watermills on the river and its tributaries giving rise to the name Mühltal (Mill Valley) a district through which the river flows.
 The Cobb River (also known as the Big Cobb River) and its tributary the Little Cobb River are small rivers in southern Minnesota in the United States. The Cobb River is a 78.6-mile-long (126.5 km) tributary of the Le Sueur River. Via the Le Sueur Blue Earth and Minnesota rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 Lariang River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 Veobrehesten is the 61st highest mountain in Norway and the last of the Norwegian peaks higher than 2000 meters to be ascended in 1949. The mountain is a nunatak standing in the middle of the glacier under the Leirhøi mountain. Its late ascent is due to this remote location and the rather challenging approach.
 The Doroșcani River is a tributary of the Hărpășești River in Romania.
 Conewago Creek is an 80.2-mile-long (129.1 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in Adams and York counties in Pennsylvania in the United States with its watershed also draining a small portion of Carroll County Maryland. The source is at an elevation of 1440 feet (440 m) east of Caledonia State Park in Franklin Township in Adams County. The mouth is the confluence with the Susquehanna River at York Haven in York County at an elevation of 259 feet (79 m).
 Mutura River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 Lovatnet is a lake in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) southeast of the village of Loen and about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) east of the village of Olden. The lake lies just 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) southwest of the mountain Skåla. The water from the lake flows down from the mountains; especially from the Jostedalsbreen and Tindefjellbreen glaciers. It then flows out through the Loelva river into the Nordfjorden.
 The Răchițele River is one of the headwaters forming the Săcuieu River in Romania.
 The Râul Trestia is a tributary of the Valea Lupului River in Romania.
 Trihøene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Halfway Pond a 232-acre (0.94 km2) warm water pond located in Plymouth Massachusetts between Myles Standish State Forest and Long Pond west of Round Pond southwest of Gallows Pond and north of Fawn Pond and White Island Pond. The average depth is nine feet and the maximum depth is 13 feet (4.0 m). The pond is fed by the outflow of Long Pond and drains into the Agawam River.
 Prešernova koča na Stolu (2174 m) is a moutain hut which lies on southern side of Stol just below the peak of Mali Stol (2198 m). It is named after Slovenian poet France Prešeren. First hut was built in 1909. During WW2 it was burnt down and rebuilt in 1966.
 The Valea Spinelui River is a tributary of the Secaş River in Romania.
 Steinibühlweiher is a pond at Sempach in the Canton of Lucerne Switzerland. The artificial reservoir has a surface area of 3 ha.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Brezovița River is a tributary of the Prigor River in Romania.
 Fairchild Mountain elevation 13508 ft (4117 m) is a summit in the Mummy Range of northern Colorado. The mountain is northwest of Estes Park in Rocky Mountain National Park.
 The Pârâul Vânătorului is a headwater of the Luncani River in Romania.
 Fonissa (Greek: Φόνισσα) is a stream in western Corinthia Peloponnese Greece. It is approximately 20 km long and flows into the Gulf of Corinth. The source of the river is in the hills near the village Rethi. It flows towards the southeast though a narrow gorge and empties into the Gulf of Corinth between the villages Kato Loutro and Kamari 6 km northwest of Xylokastro.
 The Lizard Range is a mountain range south-east of Fernie British Columbia in the Canadian Rockies. This range is home to the Fernie Alpine Resort and parts of the Mount Fernie Provincial Park.It is located north of the Kootenay River and the Rocky Mountain Trench south of Lizard Creek west of the Elk River and east of Bull River.It reaches elevations of up to 2360 meters (7740 ft). The range is 31 kilometers (19 mi) wide and 44 kilometers (27 mi) long.
 The Valea Puiușului River is a tributary of the Râul Alb in Romania.
 Ravna planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Равна планина) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Vrnjačka Banja. Its highest peak Crni vrh has an elevation of 1542 meters above sea level.
 The Baikal Mountains or Baikal Range (Russian: Байкальский хребет) rise steeply over the northwestern shore of Lake Baikal in southern Siberia Russia. The Central Siberian Plateau is bounded on the south by the Eastern Sayan Mountains and the Baikal Mountains.The Baikal Mountains are the origin of the Lena River.
 The Coruia River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Lej Minor is a mountain lake in the Val Minor of the canton of Grisons Switzerland. Located at an elevation of 2631 m it is close to the Italian border.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Grande Balmaz is a mountain of Savoie and Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Aravis range. It has an elevation of 2616 metres above sea level.
 Lac des Nations is an artificial lake located in Sherbrooke Quebec Canada.
 The Frăcea River is a tributary of the Cuca River in Romania.
 The Opitonui River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand's North Island. It flows north to reach the peninsula's east coast at Whangapoua Harbour close to the small settlement of Te Rerenga.
 Lake Glubokoye (Russian: о́зеро Глубо́кое lit. Deep Lake; Finnish: Muolaanjärvi) is a lake on Karelian Isthmus in Vyborgsky District of Leningrad Oblast. The nearby larger settlements are Kirillovskoye (18 km) and Baryshevo (38 km). The area of the lake is 37.9 square kilometres (14.6 sq mi) and the area of its drainage basin is 213 square kilometres (82 sq mi).The lake is connected by an unnamed channel with Lake Bolshoye Rakovoye located several kilometers northeast.
 Crowdy Reservoir is located on Bodmin Moor near Camelford in north Cornwall. It supplies water to the North Cornwall water distribution network via treatment at the Lowermoor Water Treatment Works. It is fed by run-off and drainage from surrounding moorland.
 The Barmsteine are two rock towers 841 and 851 metres above sea level in the northernmost part of the Hasel Mountains in the Bavarian Alps. They rise above the Austrian town of Hallein and lie on the border between Salzburger Land in Austria and Berchtesgadener Land in Germany.
 Fohrenbühl is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Cowles Mountain is a prominent mountain within the city limits of San Diego California and also within Mission Trails Regional Park in a neighborhood known as San Carlos San Diego. The mountain is named after George A. Cowles an early ranching pioneer in San Diego County. Its 1593-foot (486 m) summit is the highest point in the city of San Diego. The main trail to the summit is a popular hiking destination taking hundreds of people per day to a 360-degree panorama of San Diego County.
 The Kander Glacier (German: Kanderfirn) is a 6.6 km (4.1 mi) long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 13.9 km2 (5.4 sq mi).The glacier feeds the head waters of the Kander a river that flows into Lake Thun and hence into the Aar and the Rhine.
 The Vernagt-Stausee is a reservoir in the Schnalstal in South Tyrol Italy. The water of the reservoir is used to generate electricity at the Etschwerke power station in the village of Naturns.
 Prohner Stausee is a lake in the Vorpommern-Rügen district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 2.6 m its surface area is 0.55 km².
 Mount Tsurugi (剱岳 Tsurugi-dake) is located in the eastern area of Toyama Prefecture Japan. It is one of the tallest peak in the Hida Mountains at 2999 m (9839 ft). It is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains and is called the most dangerous mountain climbable.Tsurugi has a number of routes which approach world class long routes. It is recognised in Japan as the premiere mountaineering peak in winter.
 For the Weld River in Tasmania see Weld Valley.Weld River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.The river rises below Mount Burnside in the Lake Muir State forest. The river flows in a southerly direction through the Shannon National Park until it flows into the Deep River of which it is a tributary.The water quality of the river is excellent and is considered fresh.
 The Burning River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in the north of the Unorganized Part of Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. The river flows north from an unnamed bog to its mouth as a left tributary of the Fawn River which flows via the Severn River to Hudson Bay.
 Darmodar Aghost pass (el. 14340 ft.) is a high mountain pass in Pakistan.
 The Derry River (Irish: An Dioríoch) rises just south of Hacketstown County Carlow Ireland. It flows southeast to Tinahely being accompanied by the R747 regional road for the distance.
 Gravelly Lake is a lake located in Lakewood in Pierce County Washington United States. The lake is fed by groundwater and has no surface drainage channels.The lake is surrounded by higher-priced homes and estates.Out of the three main lakes in Lakewood Gravelly Lake is the most prestigious and expensive.
 The Băloasa River or Baloșul River is a tributary of the Râul Lung in Romania.
 The Boa Viagem River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Făget River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb in Romania.
 The Corbu River is a tributary of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 The Săliștea River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 Tymfristos (Greek: Τυμφρηστός) is a mountain in the eastern part of Evrytania and the western part of Phthiotis Greece. The mountain is a part of the Pindus mountain range. The elevation of its highest peak Velouchi (Greek: Βελούχι) is 2315 m. The nearest mountains are Kaliakouda and Panaitoliko to the south Vardousia to the southeast and the Agrafa mountains to the north. It is drained by the river Spercheios to the east and by tributaries of the Acheloos (including Megdovas) to the west.
 T'iksu (Quechua for inclination or motion to one side obliqueness slant hispanicized spelling Ticsho) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 3860 metres (12664 ft) high. It is situated in the Valley of the Volcanoes in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province Andagua District. T'iksu lies south-west of the volcano Puka Mawras and west of the volcano Yana Mawras.
 Jastrebac (Serbian Cyrillic: Јастребац) is a mountain in central Serbia between cities of Niš Kruševac and Prokuplje. It consists of two massifs Great (Veliki) and Small (Mali) Jastrebac. Its highest peak Velika Dzulica has an elevation of 1492 meters above sea level. It is well-forested and presents a popular hiking and mountaineering destination.Jastrebac is bounded by the rivers of South Morava on the west Toplica on the south and Rasina on the east.
 Chungara–Tambo Quemado (Spanish: Paso Chungara–Tambo Quemado) is a mountain pass through the Cordillera Occidental of the Andes along the border between Chile and Bolivia. Chungara–Tambo Quemado is one of the principal Chile-Bolivia passes in the central Andes as it connects La Paz with its nearest seaport Arica.
 Foraker Glacier is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Alaska Range on the north side of Mount Foraker moving northwest for 15 miles (24 km). It is the source of the Foraker River.
 Lake Miragoâne is a lake in Haiti located one kilometer southeast of the city of Miragoâne. It is one of the largest natural freshwater lakes in the Caribbean. The lake is 12 km (7.5 mi) long and 25 km² (9.7 mi²) in area.
 Hawkes Heights is an ice-filled crater rising to 2000 metres (6600 ft) that dominates the southern part of Coulman Island in the Ross Sea Antarctica and marks the island's summit. The feature was named by the New Zealand Geological Survey Antarctic Expedition (NZGSAE) 1958–59 for Captain William M. Hawkes U.S.
 The Mula-Mutha is a river in India formed by the confluence of the Mula and Mutha rivers in the city of Pune. It forms a tributary of the Bhima River in the Deccan plateau. It passes through the towns of Pune and Khadki. It originates in Mulshi near the dam.It is a monsoon based river and usually flooded in the rains and dry in the summer. However the rivers have become polluted in the city.Their confluence is at a village named Sangamwadi.
 The Nădrab River is a tributary of the Govăjdia river in Romania.
 The Tavares River or Rio Tavares is a river of Florianopolis capital of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.Rio Tavares is also the name of a neighborhood in the city which is cut by the river.
 General Carrera Lake (Chilean side) or Lake Buenos Aires (Argentine side) is a lake located in Patagonia and shared by Argentina and Chile. Both names are internationally accepted.The lake has a surface of 1850 km² of which 970 km² are in the Chilean Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region and 880 km² in the Argentine Santa Cruz Province making it the biggest lake in Chile and the fourth largest in Argentina. In its western basin Lake Gen.
 Crescent Lake is a lake found on the eastern slope of the Cascade Mountains in the northwest corner of Klamath County Oregon United States. The unincorporated community of Crescent Lake Junction on Oregon Route 58 and Crescent Lake State Airport are located 2.5 miles (4.0 km) to the northeast of the lake. The lake was named for its shape by Byron J. Pengra and W. H. Odell in July 1865.
 Marble Mountain is a mountain in Warren County New Jersey. The summit rises to 771 feet (235 m) and is located in Harmony and Lopatcong Townships overlooking the Delaware River. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains although somewhat isolated to the west of the main body of the Highlands.
 Laquet de Gréziolles is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 2119 m its surface area is 0.017 km².In the neighbourhoud of the larger lac de Gréziollles it is accessible by the GR 10 C footpath.
 Nai Aru Lagoon (or Nay Aru Lagoon) is an estuarine lagoon in Mullaitivu District north-east Sri Lanka. The lagoon is fed by a number of small rivers including Nay Aru (Mullaitivu). It is linked to the sea by a narrow channel to the south that is very often blocked by a sand bar. The lagoon's water is brackish. The lagoon is surrounded by dense forest scrubland rice paddies and coconut palm.
 The Kangnam Mountains are a mountain range of North Korea in the central part of the country's northern region. They run parallel to the Amnok River which forms the border with China. They lie west of the Rangrim Mountains which is the drainage divide between northwestern and northeastern Korea. [1]
 The Zimbru River or Ioșel River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 The Zâmbrița River is a tributary of the Râoaia River in Romania.
 Lake Boya is a small lake about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of Kabongo in Katanga Province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.The lake is surrounded by high reeds and has a thriving population of birds.In the pre-colonial perion the region around Lake Boya was a center of inter-regional trade an important source of wealth for the Kingdom of Luba.The king and conqueror Kongolo established his capital near Lake Boya at Mwimbele at the start of the sixteenth century.
 The Poiana River is a tributary of the Stracoș River in Romania.
 The Biucoș River is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania.
 Autobahnsee Augsburg is a lake in Augsburg Schwaben Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 17 ha.
 The Răchita River is a tributary of the Rasnic River in Romania.
 The Lusatian Highlands (German: Lausitzer Bergland Czech: Šluknovská pahorkatina Upper Sorbian: Łužiske hory) form a hilly and low mountainous region in Germany and the Czech Republic. A western extension of the Sudetes range it is located on the border of the German state of Saxony with the Czech Bohemian region.
 Pidurutalagala (Sinhala: පිදුරුතලාගල pronounced [ˌpidurutaˈlaːɡələ] Straw Plateau Rock) or Mount Pedro in English is an ultra prominent peak and the tallest mountain in Sri Lanka at 2524 m (8281 ft). Mount Pedro is located close to the city of Nuwara Eliya and is easily visible from most areas of the Central Province.
 Siapa River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 The Fort Sage Mountains are a mountain range running across the state borders in western Washoe County Nevada and eastern Lassen County California.
 Nordklofjellet is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Ongal Peak (Vrah Ongal \'vr&h 'on-g&l\) is a sharp glaciated peak on the Levski Ridge Tangra Mountains Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. The peak was first ascended on 21 December 2004 by the Bulgarian Lyubomir Ivanov from Camp Academia. Named after the historic Ongal region of the First Bulgarian Empire located in the Danube Delta area and north of the Black Sea in connection with the Battle of Ongal.
 The Amărăzuia River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
 Gran Tuc de Colomers is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2933 metres above sea level.
 The Kangaroo River is a perennial river of the Shoalhaven catchment located in the Southern Highlands and Illawarra regions of New South Wales Australia.
 Cribin Fawr is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales situated approximately four miles to the south-west of Aran Fawddwy. It is one of the peaks in the Dyfi hills a subgroup of the Cadair Idris group. It is a top of Maesglase connected to its parent peak by the Craig Portas ridge. The top of Cribin Fawr is a large open plateau of peat bog. To the west is Waun-oer to the north Cadair Idris to the south Maesglase and Glasgwm to the east.
 Lago di Santa Giustina is a lake in Trentino Italy.
 The Hays Canyon Range is a mountain range in northwest Washoe County Nevada adjacent the California border. The Surprise Valley with its alkali lakes and the Warner Mountains lie to the west.
 The Găvan River is a tributary of the Jgheab River in Romania.
 Aheloy Nunatak (Ахелойски Нунатак Aheloyski Nunatak [axɛˈlɔjski ˈnunatak]) is a rocky 390m peak in the upper Huron Glacier in Livingston Island. The peak forms the northeast extremity of a minor ridge which also features Erma Knoll and Lozen Nunatak and is linked to Zograf Peak by Lozen Saddle. The peak was first visited on 31 December 2004 by the Bulgarian Lyubomir Ivanov from Camp Academia and was mapped in the Bulgarian Tangra 2004/05 topographic survey.
 Hartsop Dodd is a fell in the English Lake District standing to the south east of Brothers Water. It is a subsidiary top on the north ridge of Caudale Moor but was given separate fell status by Wainwright in his Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells. That convention is followed here.
 The Papakanui River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. This short wide river forms part of the lower Kaipara Harbour system adding its waters to the harbour close to the settlement of Tauhoa.
 The Schafberg is a mountain located on the border between the cantons of Fribourg and Berne north of Jaun. With a height 2239 metres above sea level it is the highest summit on the range lying north of the Jaun Pass.
 The Hurunui River is the fourth largest of the four principal rivers in north Canterbury New Zealand with a catchment area of 2670 square kilometres. The river flows from the eastern side of the Southern Alps to the Pacific Ocean.Some of the tributaries include the Jollie Brook the Glenrae River and the Mandamus River. The north branch of the river flows through Lake Sumner. A hot pool has been constructed at the base of a small waterfall on a side stream of the river.
 The Clariden is a mountain in the Glarus Alps located between the Swiss cantons of Uri and Glarus. While on the north the Clariden overlooks the 1948 metres high Klausen Pass the south side is covered by large glaciers: the Hüfifirn on the west and the Claridenfirn on the east.
 The Seolemai River is a tributary of the Sic River in Romania.
 Mount Olive is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1897 by H.B. Dixon after his wife Dixon Olive.
 Romsdalsalpene is mountain range surrounding the Romsdalen valley in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. They are primarily located in Rauma Municipality Nesset Municipality and Norddal Municipality. The southern part of the mountain range is also located within Reinheimen National Park.
 Kugurluy (Ukrainian: озеро Кугурлуй) is a lake in the south-western Ukraine in the south of Bessarabia. It is in complex of the Danube river delta.
 The Santo Antônio River (Rio do Sono) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Overland Lake is a glacial tarn in the Ruby Mountains of Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. It is located at the head of Overland Canyon at approximately 40°27.6'N and 115°27.4'W and at an elevation of 9450 feet (2880 meters). It has an area of approximately 15 acres (6.1 hectares) and a depth of up to 55 feet (17 m).
 Milne Bay is a large bay in Milne Bay Province southeastern Papua New Guinea. More than 35 kilometers long and over 15 kilometers wide Milne Bay is a sheltered deep-water harbour surrounded by the heavily wooded Stirling Range to the north and south and on the northern shore a narrow coastal strip soggy with sago and mangrove swamps.The bay is named after Sir Alexander Milne.
 The Frederick House River is a river in the James Bay and Moose River drainage basins in Cochrane District in northeastern Ontario Canada. It flows 100 kilometres (62 mi) from Night Hawk Lake in the city of Timmins to its mouth at the Abitibi River in Cochrane Unorganized North Part. Both the river and the associated Hudson's Bay Company Frederick House post (1785–1821) are named for Prince Frederick Duke of York and Albany son of George III of the United Kingdom
 Notter (Unstrut) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Kettling Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. The lake is not accessible via any designated trails but is only about 1 mi (1.6 km) south of the Pacific Crest Trail and the Twisp Pass Trail junction.
 Westliche Günz is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Meuse (/ˈmjuːz/; French: [møz]; Walloon Mouze [muːs]) or Maas (Dutch: Maas; IPA: [ˈmaːs]) is a major European river rising in France and flowing through Belgium and the Netherlands before draining into the North Sea. It has a total length of 925 km (575 mi). The Meuse is the oldest river in the world.
 Mount Pauline is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It is the 26th most prominence in Alberta. It was named in 1925 after F.A. Pauline. The three slopes are covered in mostly metamorphic shale or slate due to this it is unknown how difficult it would be to climb to the peak.
 The Mălinu River is a tributary of the Meleş River in Romania.
 Dutch Lake is a lake located in the state of Minnesota. It was named for its early German population. It is a 159.50 acres (64.5474 ha) acre lake that is west-southwest of Minneapolis-St. Paul in the Minneapolis suburb of Mound and Minnetrista. It has an average depth of 15.15 feet (4.62 m) and a maximum depth of 45 ft (14 m). Slow Creek its un-navigable outflow is on its northeast shore. It connects the lake the Lake Minnetonka.
 Liangzi Lake（Chinese: 梁子湖; pinyin: Lángzǐ Hú）is a freshwater lake in China it is located in the southeastern part of Hubei Province (rural area south of Wuhan) situated in the south bank of the middle reaches of Yangtze River. The lake is 304.3 km 2 with a drainage area of 3265 km 2 an elevation of 20 m length 31.7 km and mean width 9.6 km (max 12.3 m).
 The Rio Balsemão (European Portuguese: [balsˈmɐ̃w] English language: Balsemão River) is a small stream that originates in the mountain range of Serra de Montemuro. It passes through narrow canyons before it reaches the major city Lamego.Part of the Douro basin its entire path is made in the old district of Viseu.
 Hofsee is a lake at Speck Kargow Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.5 m its surface area is 1.15 km².
 The Caiuá River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Eastern Branch Elizabeth River is a 9.0-mile-long (14.5 km) tidal river in the Hampton Roads area of the U.S. state of Virginia. The river flows from east to west starting in Virginia Beach. At its crossing by Interstate 64 it becomes the boundary between Virginia Beach and the city of Norfolk and farther west it is the boundary between Norfolk and the city of Chesapeake. For its final 3 miles (5 km) it is entirely within the city of Norfolk.
 The Tatlageacul Mic River is a tributary of the Black Sea Lake Tatlageac in Romania.
 Brown Peak is a stratovolcano and the highest point of the Balleny Islands. It is situated on the northern part of Sturge Island.
 Petavius is a large lunar impact crater located to the southeast of the Mare Fecunditatis near the southeastern lunar limb. Attached to the northwest rim is the smaller crater Wrottesley. To the southeast are Palitzsch Vallis Palitzsch and Hase. Farther to the north is the large crater Vendelinus. Petavius appears oblong when viewed from the Earth due to foreshortening. Petavius is Imbrian in age.
 The River Nethan is a river which flows between Glenbuck in East Ayrshire and Crossford South Lanarkshire where it feeds into the River Clyde with the town of Lesmahagow and surrounding villages sitting on the river course. The area of woodland surrounding the River Nethan at Crossford and Auchenheath has been declared a site of special scientific interest and forms a part of the Clyde Valley Woodlands National Nature Reserve as Nethan Gorge.
 Wern is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Aguaray-Guazú River (Paraguay River) is a river of Paraguay.
 Sico Pass (Spanish: Paso Sico) is a mountain pass on the border between Argentina and Chile. The pass is located on the main divide of the Andes. Administratively it separates the province of Salta in Argentina and the region of Antofagasta in Chile.The pass is served by Chile Route 23 here a gravel road and Argentina Route 51 connecting San Pedro de Atacama on the Chilean side with Catua and San Antonio de los Cobres on the Argentinian side.
 Babcock is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies on the northeastern edge of Mare Smythii to the southeast of Mare Marginis. To the south of Babcock is the crater Purkynĕ and to the east-northeast lies Erro.
 Hurrungane (also written Hurrungene Hurrungadn Horungane) is a mountain range in the municipalities Luster and Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane Norway. The area is southwest in the larger mountain range Jotunheimen and is also part of Jotunheimen National Park.The range has some of the most alpine peaks in Norway and has 23 peaks over 2000 metres (6600 ft) (counting peaks with larger prominence than 30 metres or 98 feet).
 Salzböde is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Da Onça River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Kladeos (Greek: Κλάδεος Latin: Cladeus) was a river god in Greek mythology one of the sons of Oceanus and Tethys.The river Kladeos flows through Olympia in Elis southern Greece and empties into the river Alfeios. Already in classical antiquity the river was diverted near Olympia in order to prevent flooding in winter. However the sanctuary of Olympia was covered by a 4 m thick layer of sediment when it was excavated in 1875.
 The Three Sisters are a land formation near Victoria West Northern Cape South Africa comprising three distinctively shaped hills. The farm on which they are situated and the nearby railway siding are also named Three Sisters.The hills (or koppies as they are known locally) are topped with dolorite and are nearly identical in appearance. They can be seen just to the east of the N1 highway roughly 75 km outside Beaufort West north of the junction of the N1 and the N12 highways.
 The Bear Creek Reservoir is a reservoir located in Franklin County Alabama along Bear Creek. Bear Creek Dam is one of four Tennessee Valley Authority dams in the area 68 feet high creating a maximum flood control capacity of 37800 acre-feet. No hydroelectric power is generated here.
 The Dumbrava Filei River is a tributary of the Hăşdate River in Romania. The Dumbrava Filei valley is a natural park for the protection of the Cypripedium calceolus (Lady's slipper orchid).
 Puig Carlit is a mountain of Languedoc-Roussillon France. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2921 metres above sea level.
 Indre Bråkdalshøe is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Vuver is a crater on the surface of Uranus' moon Umbriel. It is estimated to be 98 km in diameter. The longitude and latitude of its center are 311.6° and −4.7° respectively.Vuver has a bright central peak which is one of the few bright albedo features on Umbriel that really stands out against Umbriel's low albedo.The crater is named after Vuver a Volga Finns evil spirit.
 Veten is a mountain in the city of Bergen Norway. At 486 metres above sea level it is the highest mountain in Åsane borough and the ninth highest in Bergen. The name is an archaic word for beacon in Norwegian.
 The Cașin River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 Fox Creek Pass is a pedestrian mountain pass located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The pass is situated at 9570 ft (2920 m) above sea level and is at the head of Death Canyon. Fox Creek Pass can be accessed by way of the Teton Crest Trail or the Death Canyon Trail from the east. To the north lies the Death Canyon Shelf in Grand Teton National Park while Fossil Mountain and Caribou-Targhee National Forest are to the west and south respectively.
 Tämnarån is an approximately 60 km long river in the northern parts of the Swedish historical province Uppland.
 The Valea Ciubotei River is a tributary of the Urlătoarea Mică River in Romania.
 See Chippewa River (disambiguation) for several other rivers of the same name.The Chippewa River in Wisconsin flows approximately 183 miles (294 km) through west-central and northwestern Wisconsin. It was once navigable for approximately 50 miles (80 km) of its length from the Mississippi River by Durand northeast to Eau Claire. Its catchment defines a portion of the northern boundary of the Driftless Area.
 The Belém River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Mbonda River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Mount Miaofeng (Chinese: 妙峰山; pinyin: Miàofēng Shān; literally Marvelous Peak Mountain) is a mountain in the northern part of the Western Hills an extension of the Taihang Mountains.
 The Podhale-Magura Area (Slovak: Podhôľno-magurská oblasť; known in Polish as the Orava-Podhale Depression Obniżenie Orawsko-Podhalańskie) — is a geomorfologic region of mountain ranges in northern Slovakia and southern Poland belonging to the Outer Western Carpathians within the Carpathian Mountains system.
 Laudach is a river in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. With the outer Laudach the river reaches a length of something over 20 km (12 mi). The Laudach is a left and the main tributary of the Alm.The longer äußere (outer) Laudach is the output of the Laudachsee in Gmunden. It passes the city areas of Sankt Konrad Gschwandt Kirchham and Vorchdorf from the south.The smaller tributary the innere or dürre (inner) Laudach has its source in the municipality of Kirchham.
 Rào Cỏ mountain (Vietnamese: Núi Rào Cỏ) is a mountain in Southeast Asia. It is one of the ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia. The mountiain is 2286 metres tall and sits on the international border between Laos and Vietnam.
 The Tinoasa River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Persimmon Gap is a mountain pass located in Big Bend National Park in Texas.It is traversed by U.S. Highway 385.
 Ibex Pass [el. 2072 ft (632 m)] is a mountain pass in the Sperry Hills of Central-Southern California in the United States.The pass is at the summit in a range of desert hills between the Baker area and the Shoshone area and is located on the border of Inyo County and San Bernardino County. The pass connects Interstate 15 with access to Death Valley National Park and it is traversed by State Route 127.
 Krudtscheider Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Perkerra River is a river in the Great Rift Valley in Kenya that feeds the freshwater Lake Baringo.It is the only perennial river in the arid and semi-arid lands of the Baringo District.The Perkerra river supplies water to the Perkerra Irrigation Scheme in the Jemps flats near Marigat Township just south of the lake.
 The Cidacos River is a tributary of the Ebro. Its source is Los Campos in Soria and it flows for 77 km (48 mi) until its reaches the Ebro at Calahorra (La Rioja).It flows through or past various towns like Villar del Río Yanguas Enciso Peroblasco Arnedillo Santa Eulalia Somera and Bajera Herce Arnedo Quel Autol and Calahorra. The river is used for irrigation purposes and is often dried up near Calahorra.
 The Măcriș River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Pampa Sarovar is a lake in Koppal district near Hampi in Karnataka. To the south of the Tungabhadra River it is considered sacred by Hindus and is one of the five sacred sarovars or lakes in India. In Hindu mythology Pampa Sarovar is regarded as the place where Pampa a form of Shiva's consort Parvati performed penance to show her devotion to Shiva.
 The Anza is a 35 km Alpine torrent of the Ossola in northern Italy. It flows from the glaciers of Monte Rosa through the Valle Anzasca and into the river Toce of which it is a right tributary.Its own principal tributaries are the Pedriola the Tambach the Orlovono and the Quarazza near Macugnaga and the Olecchia at Bannio Anzino.
 Corral Ridge or Corral Hollow Hill a minor summit in the Sierra Nevada is the highest point in Calaveras County. It stands nearly 4000 feet (1200 m) above the North Fork of the Mokelumne River. Located near the Alpine county line it is east of the Salt Springs Reservoir and west of the town of Bear Valley.Due to its high elevation much of the precipitation that the summit receives is in the form of snow.
 The Croche River flows in the regions of Haute-Mauricie and Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean in province of Quebec Canada. Croche River is one of the five largest tributaries of the Saint-Maurice River.
 Watson Peak at 10453 feet (3186 m) above sea level is a peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 1.41 mi (2.27 km) south-southwest White Cloud Peak 5 its line parent. Bear Lake is in the basin northwest of the peak.
 The Somerset Coal Canal (originally known as the Somersetshire Coal Canal) was a narrow canal in England built around 1800 from basins at Paulton and Timsbury via Camerton an aqueduct at Dunkerton Combe Hay Midford and Monkton Combe to Limpley Stoke where it joined the Kennet and Avon Canal. This gave access from the Somerset coalfield which at its peak contained 80 collieries to London. The longest arm was 10.6 miles (17 km) long with 23 locks.
 Darebin Creek is a creek that runs through the northern suburbs of Melbourne Victoria Australia. It is the main watercourse of the Darebin Valley and a major tributary of the Yarra River.
 The Trairi River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Bejanu River is a tributary of the Timișana River in Romania.
 Nueces Bay is a northwestern extension of Corpus Christi Bay in the San Patricio and Nueces counties of Texas. The bay is fed by the Nueces River forming a natural estuary which renders it ecologically and economically vital to the surrounding area. It serves as a habitat for the propagation of fish and shellfish which sustain diverse species of birds and other wildlife. The bay is threatened by pollution from the heavy industry on its southern shore which prevents oyster farming.
 Colpitt Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Pârâul Mielului or Izvorul Mielului River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 The Sașa River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 The Șimon River is a tributary of the Turcu River in Romania. It starts at junction of headwaters Gaura and Guţan
 For other peaks named Fremont Peak see Fremont PeakFremont Peak is the third highest peak in Wyoming and straddles the boundary between Fremont and Sublette counties. It is named for American explorer John C. Fremont who climbed the peak with Charles Preuss and Johnny Janisse on August 13 to August 15 1842. Kit Carson had been with the climbing party on its first attempt at the peak but had gone back for supplies the day Fremont and his men reached the summit.
 The Formoso River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Potopu River is a tributary of the Sabar River in Romania.
 Grande Rocheuse (4102 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in Haute-Savoie France
 Tverrbytthornet is a mountain in Jotunheimen National Park in Oppland Norway.
 Lac de Gras is a lake approximately 300 kilometres (190 mi) north of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories of Canada. Lac de Gras was the centre of the diamond rush of the 1990s. There are three working diamond mines in the area Diavik Diamond Mine Ekati Diamond Mine and Snap Lake Diamond Mine.It was called Ekati by aboriginal peoples. It is 60 kilometres long with an average width of 16 kilometres and 740 kilometres of shoreline. It has a maximum depth of 56 metres.
 {Biała Przemsza is a river of Poland a tributary of the Przemsza.de:Przemsa#Weiße Przemsa|Biała Przemsza is a river of Poland a tributary of the Przemsza.}
 Lough Talt (Irish: Loch Tailt) is situated in south Sligo between the villages of Tubbercurry Aclare and Bunnyconnellan in the West of Ireland. It is the largest of the lakes in the Lough Hoe Bog area. It is a glacier lake and lies at approximately 500 ft above sea level and measures 67 ft at its deepest point. Its area is nearly 194 acres.The lake is a noted site of picture perfect sunsets on calm evenings as the sun sinks over The Gap.
 Mount Song (Mount Sung; Chinese: 嵩山; pinyin: Sōng Shān; Wade–Giles: Sung1 Shan1; literally lofty mountain) also known in Chinese as Song Shan is a culturally significant mountain in China. It is the Central Great Mountain (中嶽/中岳) among the Five Great Mountains and located in Henan province on the south bank of the Yellow River. Its summit is 1500 meters above sea level.
 Nyhellervatnet is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Hol (in Buskerud county) and Aurland (in Sogn og Fjordane county) Norway. The 16.74-square-kilometre (6.46 sq mi) lake sits at an elevation of 1438 metres (4718 ft) above sea level. The lake is located about 30 kilometres (19 mi) southeast of Aurlandsvangen at the end of the valley Aurlandsdalen.
 Lake Tuakitoto is a small lake in South Otago in the South Island of New Zealand. It is located to the northeast of Balclutha close to the small town of Kaitangata. The smallest of South Otago's three main lakes it is like the others (Lake Waihola and Lake Waipori) very shallow. The lake drains into the lower reaches of the Clutha River.
 The Teufelsberg (German for Devil's Mountain) is a hill in Berlin Germany in the Grunewald locality of former West Berlin. It rises about 80 metres (260 ft) above the surrounding Brandenburg plain more precisely the north of Berlin's Grunewald Forest. It was named after the Teufelssee (i.e. Devil's lake) in its southerly vicinity.
 The Paraibuna is a river in Minas Gerais state Brazil and a major tributary of the Paraíba do Sul. It flows through the important commercial and industrial city of Juiz de Fora.The name of the river probably comes from the Tupi pará y b'una signifying great dark river.The Paraibuna has its source near Antônio Carlos in the Serra da Mantiqueira at an altitude of 1200 metres (3900 ft).
 The Gălășeni River is a tributary of the Dâncu River in Romania.
 Loon Lake Reservoir is a reservoir in the El Dorado National Forest of El Dorado County California United States. The 76200 acre·ft (94000000 m3) lake is formed by Loon Lake Dam completed in 1963 as part of the Upper American River Project by Sacramento Municipal Utility District to conserve spring snow melt runoff for use during the summer and autumn for hydroelectric power production.
 The Púlpito River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin and a tributary of the Pelotas River.
 The Pământ Alb River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Alb is a tributary of the Telejenel River in Romania.
 The Cunaú River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 Orke is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Little Danube (Slovak: Malý Dunaj Hungarian: Kis-Duna German: Kleine Donau) is a branch of the river Danube in Slovakia.It splits from the main river near Bratislava and flows more or less parallel to the Danube until it flows into the river Váh in Kolárovo. Its length is about 128 km.The part of the Váh between Kolárovo and its confluence with the Danube in Komárno is also called Váh Danube (Slovak: Vážsky Dunaj Hungarian: Vág-Duna).
 Becks Run is a tributary of the Monongahela River. As an urban stream it is heavily polluted receiving combined sewer outflow from Carrick (Pittsburgh) and Mount Oliver Pennsylvania. There is a waterfall on a tributary just downstream from a slate dump near the intersection of Wagner Avenue and Mountain Avenue. There were coal mines along the stream including Becks Run #2 owned by the estate of James H. Hays served by an incline and the H.B. Hays and Brothers Coal Railroad.
 Sulzberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Snow Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. Although no trails lead to the lake it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 601.Snow Lake is southeast of D. O. Lee Peak upstream of Cove Lake and in the same basin as Gentian and Boulder Lakes.
 The Negraș River is a tributary of the Teleorman River in Romania.
 Lamoka Lake (previously known as Mud Lake) is a small crescent-shaped lake in the western part of New York USA. The lake is located at the border of Schuyler County and Steuben County. Most of the lake is in Schuyler County with only a small part called Mill Pond at the southwest corner in Steuben County.North of Lamoka Lake is another lake called Waneta Lake (previously known as Little Lake ) which is linked to Lamoka Lake by a short channel.
 The Labrador Sea (French: mer du Labrador) is an arm of the North Atlantic Ocean between the Labrador Peninsula and Greenland. The sea is flanked by continental shelves to the southwest northwest and northeast. It connects to the north with Baffin Bay through the Davis Strait. It has been described as a marginal sea of the Atlantic.The sea formed upon separation of the North American Plate and Greenland Plate that started about 60 million years ago and stopped about 40 million years ago.
 Derwentwater (or Derwent Water) is one of the principal bodies of water in the Lake District National Park in north west England. It lies wholly within the Borough of Allerdale in the county of Cumbria.The lake occupies part of Borrowdale and lies immediately south of the town of Keswick. It is both fed and drained by the River Derwent. It measures approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) long by 1 mile (1.6 km) wide and is some 72 feet (22 m) deep.
 The Kechika River also historically known as Black's River is a tributary of the Liard River located in northern British Columbia Canada. The river rises at the Sifton Pass and flows northwest and then east 230 kilometres to join with the Liard River near Fireside British Columbia. The river drops approximately 610 metres in elevation and drains a total area of close to 2700 square kilometres.
 The Cristur River or Valea Cristurului River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Waindamu River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Binnein Mòr is the highest peak in the Mamores the range of mountains between Glen Nevis and Loch Leven in the Highlands of Scotland and lies five kilometres north north-east of Kinlochleven. The pyramidal summit of Binnein Mòr lies above the uninhabited upper section of Glen Nevis north of the main Mamores ridge. To the south a short narrow ridge links to the main ridge at an unnamed 1062 m subsidiary top listed in Munro's Tables as Binnein Mòr south top.
 The Pârâul Gropii is a tributary of the Bicăjel River in Romania.
 Georgenberg (Reutlingen) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Aar is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Tierberg (Schwäbische Alb) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 Franklin Glacier Volcano is a deeply eroded and huge 20 km (12 mi) long and 6 km (4 mi) wide caldera complex in southwestern British Columbia Canada located east-southeast of the Silverthrone Caldera in the Hoodoo Creek and Franklin Glacier area on the northwest flank of the Waddington Massif of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains. Franklin Glacier Volcano consists of a series of dikes and high-level magma intrusions.
 The Monte San Salvatore (912 m) is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps above Lake Lugano and the city of Lugano in Switzerland. The Monte San Salvatore funicular links the city with the summit of the mountain.
 Inírida River (Spanish pronunciation: [iˈniɾiða]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Solcuța River is a tributary of the Solca River in Romania.
 Taggart Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The natural lake is located at the terminus of Avalanche Canyon. A number of hiking trails can be found near the lake including a 3 miles (4.8 km) roundtrip hike commencing from the Taggart Lake Trailhead parking area. The lake is approximately one mile south of Bradley Lake reckoned by trail distance.
 The Zeletin River is a tributary of the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
 Volkach is a river of Bavaria Germany. The Volkach is a 27 kilometres (17 mi) long eastern tributary of the River Main.
 Benger Swamp is a wetland on the Swan Coastal Plain 2 km west of Benger 14 km east of the coastal town of Binningup 12 km south-west of Harvey and 155 km south of Perth in south-west Western Australia. Some 89% of the swamp is protected within the Benger Swamp nature reserve while the remaining 11% mainly in the northern part is privately owned.
 The Flimspitz (2929 m) is a mountain of the Samnaun Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Austria. It lies on the range between the Greitspitz and the Bürkelkopf.From the Flimjoch a trail leads to the summit of the mountain.
 Bache Hill is a subsidiary summit of Rhos Fawr or Great Rhos in the Radnor Forest in Wales. It is located to the east of Black Mixen. The summit is marked by a trig point built on an ancient burial mound. Some controversy arises from the burial mound; in that 610 metres might be the top of the man-made mound. Some walkers therefore doubt Bache Hill's 2000-foot status. However the latest OS Explorer Maps shows a large 610-metre contour round the summit.
 Sgùrr nan Ceathreamhnan is a Scottish mountain that is situated in the remote and lonely mountainous country between Glen Affric and Glen Elchaig some 30 kilometres east of Kyle of Lochalsh in the Highland region. With a height of 1151 metres (3776 feet) it is ranked as the third highest mountain north of the Great Glen (after Carn Eighe and Mam Sodhail) and is regarded as one of the finest hills in the whole of the United Kingdom.
 Mount Qiyun (simplified Chinese: 齐云山; traditional Chinese: 齊雲山; pinyin: Qíyūn Shān; literally Cloud-High Mountain) is a mountain and national park located in Xiuning County in Anhui Province China. It lies some 33 kilometres (21 mi) to the west of Huangshan City and is known as one of the Four Sacred Mountains of Taoism. Noted for its numerous inscriptions and tablets as well as monasteries and temples the highest point of the mountain rises to 585 metres (1919 ft).
 Lago Morto (Italian for dead lake) is a lake in the Province of Treviso Veneto Italy. It has this name because it has not any effluent nor surface rivers feeding it being fed probably by underground carsic rivers.
 Phou Bia (Lao: ພູເບັ້ຍ) is the highest mountain in Laos and is located in the Annamese Cordillera at the southern limit of the Xiangkhoang Plateau in Xiangkhouang Province. Owing to its altitude the climate is cold and the area around the mountain is mostly cloudy.
 Lake Kaweah is a reservoir near Lemon Cove in Tulare County California. The lake is formed by Terminus Dam on the Kaweah River. The river originates in the Sierra Nevada mountains and drains about 560 sq mi (1500 km2) into Lake Kaweah. From Lake Kaweah the river flows toward the city of Visalia splitting into the Kaweah River and St. Johns River as it flows west into the Tulare Lakebed. The lake has a capacity of 185000 acre·ft (228000000 m3).
 The Cape Cod Canal is an artificial waterway in the state of Massachusetts connecting Cape Cod Bay in the north to Buzzards Bay in the south.Part of the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway the approximately 7 mile (11.3 km) long canal traverses the narrow neck of land joining Cape Cod to the state's mainland.
 Eden Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Located off northern Melville Island's Sabine Peninsula the bay is an arm of Byam Martin Channel. Sherard Bay is to the south.
 Mount Fridtjof Nansen is a high massive mountain which dominates the area between the heads of Strom and Axel Heiberg Glaciers in the Queen Maud Mountains of Antarctica. Discovered by Roald Amundsen in 1911 and named by him for Fridtjof Nansen polar explorer who helped support Amundsen's expedition.This mountain should not be confused with the similarly named Mount Nansen in the Eisenhower Range although it too was named after Fridtjof Nansen.
 The Fletcher Hills are a low mountain range in the Peninsular Ranges in southwestern San Diego County California.The name Fletcher Hills also refers to a neighborhood near San Diego California which lies primarily in the city of El Cajon and partially in La Mesa. The area was developed in 1927-1928 by San Diego developer Ed Fletcher.
 Goldstone Catena (Goldstone Vallis until March 2013) is a catena on Mercury located at 15.8 S 31.7 W. It is named after Goldstone Observatory. While it superficially resembles a graben it is actually a chain of overlapping secondary craters.
 The Ruda River is a tributary of the Suceava River. Its source is located in Ukraine in the proximity of the village of Vadu Siret. The river then crosses the border into Romania crosses the villages of Baineţ Vicşani and Iaz joining the Suceava River near the village of Dorneşti.
 The Tällihorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located east of the Weissmies in the canton of Valais. It lies in the Val Divedro south of the main Alpine watershed.
 The Río Lachi is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Călina River is a tributary of the Sacovăț River in Romania.
 The Izvorul Morarului River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
 Red Bridge Pond is a lake in the town of Dartmouth across a bay from Halifax town the capital of Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Witenwasserenstock (3082 m) is a peak between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Uri located in the Lepontine Alps. Close to the summit lies the tripoint border between the cantons of Valais Uri and Ticino and the triple watershed of the Rhine Po and Rhône basins.
 Mount Aino (間ノ岳 Aino-dake) or Ainodake is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains. At 3189 m (10463 ft) its peak lies in the Akaishi Mountains (referred to as the Southern Alps) of Japan on the border of Aoi-ku Shizuoka Shizuoka Prefecture and Minami-Alps Yamanashi Prefecture. It is the fourth tallest peak in Japan and the second highest in the Akaishi Mountains.
 The Wyssegga is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps between the Turtmanntal and the Mattertal in the canton of Valais.The closest locality is Gruben/Meiden on the west side.
 Mount Graham (called in Nnee biyati' (Western Apache) Dzil Nchaa Si An - ′Big Seated Mountain′) is a mountain in southeastern Arizona in the United States. The mountain reaches 10720 feet (3267 m) in height. It is the highest elevation in Graham County Coronado National Forest and the Pinaleño Mountains As the name Mount Graham is often used by locals to refer to the entire mountain range the peak itself is frequently referred to as High Peak.
 The Izvorul Foișorului River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Wanetta Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island west of Kennedy Lake and south of the Kennedy River
 The Benguț River is a tributary of the Obârşia Nucşorii River in Romania.
 Grüner Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Jay Peak is a mountain located about 5 mi. (8 km) south of the United States-Canada border in Jay and Westfield Orleans County Vermont of which it is the highest point. Most of the mountain is in Jay Peak State Forest.The mountain is named for the town of Jay in which much of the mountain except the peak area is located. The town of Jay in turn is named for the First Chief Justice of the United States and local landholder John Jay. It is part of the northern Green Mountains.
 Mount Muhabura also known as Mount Muhavura is an extinct volcano in the Virunga Mountains on the border between Rwanda and Uganda. At 4127 m Muhabura is the third highest of the eight major mountains of the mountain range which is a part of the Albertine Rift the western branch of the East African Rift.
 The Lemme is a 35 km torrent a right tributary of the Orba which flows through the Province of Alessandria in northern Italy.
 The Saline River is a 45.6-mile-long (73.4 km) river in southeastern Michigan in the United States. A tributary of the River Raisin it originates in Washtenaw County; flows through the cities of Saline and Milan where it enters Monroe County; then joins the River Raisin at the village of Dundee. Although named after the city of Saline which was once famous for its salt springs the Saline River is not at all salty.
 The Una is a river in Croatia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. The river has a total length of 212 km (132 mi) and watershed area of 9368 km2 (3617 sq mi).
 The Imboacica River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Cutiș River is a tributary of the Băbiu River in Romania.
 Seana Bhràigh is a mountain east of Ullapool in the Highlands of Scotland.
 The Bridgwater and Taunton Canal is a canal in the south-west of England between Bridgwater and Taunton opened in 1827 and linking the River Tone to the River Parrett. There were a number of abortive schemes to link the Bristol Channel to the English Channel by waterway in the 18th and early 19th centuries.
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Valea Dreaptă River in Romania.
 Engineers Lake a small oval-shaped lake has a surface area of 12.15-acre (49200 m2). This lake is on the south side of Haines City Florida and is in a suburban area. It is bordered by residences woods and grassland. It is 780 feet (240 m) north of Little Lake Hamilton.Engineers Lake has no public access along its shores. Permission of property owners must be obtained to reach this lake. The Take Me Fishing website says this lake contains largemouth bass and bluegill.
 The Vigiljoch is a mountain near Lana in South Tyrol Italy.
 Cross Mountain is the highest peak in the Bear Pond Mountains a sub range of the Appalachian Mountains. This grouping of mountains straddle the Maryland and Pennsylvania border.Cross Mountain and Hearthstone Mountain 2021 feet (616 m) which is on the Maryland side form a unique geologic formation known as the Punchbowl.
 Carrie Glacier is located on Mount Carrie and Mount Fairchild in the Olympic Mountains of Olympic National Park. Starting at an elevation of about 6800 feet (2100 m) the glacier descends northward but the ice soon reaches a cliff. Part of the Carrie Glacier plunges over the steep rockwall contributing ice to an adjacent glacier while the other section flows north-northeast avoiding the precipitous drop.
 The River Biss is a small river in Wiltshire England and is a tributary of the Avon. The name is of uncertain origin; it is claimed that the word is from the Old Norse bisa meaning to strive.
 The Rätikon is a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps located at the border between Vorarlberg Liechtenstein and Graubünden. It is the geological border between the Eastern and Western Alps and stretches from the Montafon as far as the Rhine. In the south the Prättigau is its limit in the north the Walgau.
 Molas Pass (el. 10910 ft./3325 m.) is a high mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains of western Colorado in the United States.The pass is in the San Juan National Forest. The pass is traversed by the Million Dollar Highway U.S. Highway 550 south of Silverton which is part of the San Juan Skyway Scenic Byway.
 Capilano Lake is a lake located in the District of North Vancouver and West Vancouver in British Columbia Canada. It is a watershed administered by the Metro Vancouver and accounts for approximately 40% of Greater Vancouver's water supply.
 The Rătei River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Las Vegas Range is an arid mountain range in Clark County Nevada. The range is located in the southeast of the Desert National Wildlife Refuge.
 The Valea Glodului River is a tributary of the Valea Chiliilor River in Romania.
 The Unguroaia River is a tributary of the Prisaca River in Romania.
 Nuhne is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Kakapo River is a river of New Zealand. It is located in the West Coast Region of the South Island. The river flows northwest from its source three kilometres west of Mount Kendall reaching its outflow into the Karamea River 15 kilometres from the latter's mouth.
 The Fieru River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Aindlinger Baggersee is a lake in Swabia Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 434 m its surface area is 9 ha. It is just west of the town Todtenweis.
 The Jidanul River or Capra River or Râul Jidanului is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
 Lurisquta (Aymara lurisa inflorescence of the tutura name of a river (Loriza) connected with the lake and of a village (Loriza) northeast of the lake quta lake hispanicized spellings Lorisccota Loriscota) is a lake in Peru. It is situated in the Puno Region El Collao Province Santa Rosa District.
 The Verdinho River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Pacaraima or Pakaraima Mountains (Portuguese: Serra Pacaraima Spanish: Sierra Pacaraima) are the mountains of Guyana lying in southwestern part of this country and shares borders with Brazil Guyana and Venezuela extending from west to east for over 800 kilometres (500 mi).
 Lake Amara (Romanian: Lacul Amara) is a saltwater fluvial liman lake located on the Slobozia - Buzău road near Amara in Ialomiţa County Romania.The lake has a surface area of 132 ha (0.51 sq mi) a water volume of 2600000 m3 (0.00062 cu mi) a length of 4 km (2.5 mi) and a width between 200 m (660 ft) and 800 m (2600 ft) while the maximum depth reaches 3 m (9.8 ft). The lake is situated in a depression having no links to the Ialomiţa River.
 Lake Eloise is a large natural freshwater lake on the south side of Winter Haven Florida. It is part of the southern Chain of Lakes. With a 1174-acre (4750000 m2) surface area it is one of the larger lakes in Polk County Florida. Lake Eloise has a somewhat oval shape and has a large cove on its south side. It borders Lake Summit on its northeast and it almost borders Lake Lulu on its northwest. Lake Eloise is mostly surrounded by residential areas.
 The Pichi Damas River is a river of Chile.
 Mittagberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Hellebore Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island which is the expansion of Marblerock Creek.
 Banjara Lake or Hamed Khan Kunta is a small water body located in Banjara Hills in Hyderabad Andhra Pradesh India.
 Aucanquilcha (pronounced: OW-kahn-KEEL-chuh) is a massive stratovolcano located in Antofagasta Region of northern Chile just west of the border with Bolivia. It comprises a number of overlapping cones along a 10 km (6 mi) long ridge that forms the summit. There is weak episodic fumarolic activity and voluminous sulfur deposits in the summit region.
 Krummbach (Ablach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Sindersbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mellbreak is a hill in the Western part of the English Lake District. Despite being surrounded on all sides by higher fells (the Loweswater Fells the High Stile Ridge and the Grasmoor Group) it stands in isolation. It is surrounded on three sides by a moat of deep marshy land and on the east side by the lake of Crummock Water. The fell forms a partnership with the lake running parallel to it falling sheer into it and regularly providing the backdrop for pictures of it.
 The Izvorul Coșului River is a headwater of the Ungureni River in Romania.
 Mahala Lagoon (Ukrainian: Магала Магалевське озеро Romanian: Lacul Mahala) is a small salty lagoon in the Tuzly Lagoons group. The total area is 76 ha. It is located west of the Shagany Lagoon near the village Tryhatky Tatarbunary Raion of Odessa Oblast. From the Shagany Lagoon it is separated by a sandbar.The name of the lagoon originates from Arabic mähallä from the root meaning to settle to occupy.
 Tunupa is a dormant volcano in the Potosí Department of Bolivia. It stands on the northern side of the Salar de Uyuni at an elevation of 5321 m (17457 ft) above sea level.
 The Barbaquá River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Cornell Mountain is a mountain located in Ulster County New York. The mountain is part of the Burroughs Range of the Catskill Mountains.Cornell Mountain is flanked to the northeast by Wittenberg Mountain to the southwest by Friday Mountain and to the west by 4180-foot (1270 m) Slide Mountain — the highest peak in the Catskills. The northwest side of Cornell Mountain drains into Woodland Creek thence into Esopus Creek the Hudson River and into New York Bay.
 Mount Ragang also called Mount Piapayungan and Blue Mountain by the local people is a stratovolcano on Mindanao island in the Philippines. It is the seventh highest mountain in the Philippines.
 The River Team is a tributary of the River Tyne in Gateshead England.Its source is near Annfield Plain where it is known as Kyo Burn. Then changing its name again to Causey Burn as it flows underneath the famous Causey Arch. It then flows past Beamish Museum in County Durham (where it is known as Beamish Burn) then crosses the border into Gateshead flowing through Lamesley.
 The Radeșul Mic River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Silvies River flows for about 95 miles (153 km) through Grant and Harney counties in the U.S. state of Oregon. The river drains 1273 square miles (3300 km2) of the northern Harney Basin.The headwaters are on the southern flank of the Aldrich Mountains about 10 miles (16 km) south of Mount Vernon in Grant County. Named tributaries include Bear Creek and Emigrant Creek. The Silvies runs generally southward and passes near Seneca and Burns.
 Mount Christie is high peak in the Olympic Mountains of Washington in Olympic National Park.
 The Karren is a mountain within the city bounds of Dornbirn in Western Austria.A cable car goes to the top of the mountain. The summit station includes a panorama restaurant with an expansive view of Switzerland and Germany and the Rhine Valley.Dornbirn Online - Karren
 Christina Lake also called Christina Pit is a wedge-shaped lake. This lake is a manmade freshwater lake just west of Lakeland Highlands Florida. It is a mine excavation that was landscaped to become a lake. This lake has a 26.99-acre (109200 m2) surface area. It is bounded on the east by a narrow strip of land that separates it from another converted mine pit now called Six Pound Pond. On the north is County Road 540A on the northeast is a business property on the west is S.
 Qiwllaqucha (Quechua qillwa qiwlla qiwiña gull qucha lake gull lake hispanicized spelling Quiullacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Chupaca Province Yanacancha District. It is situated at a height of about 4536 metres (14882 ft) about 2.23 km long and 0.76 km at its widest point.
 Sagan Crater is an impact crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars. It is located at 10.8° N and 30.7° W. It is named after Carl E. Sagan an American astronomer (1934–1996). Dr. Sagan was a founder of the Planetary Society.
 Ihne is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Hilltop Lake is a lagoon in Richmond California.
 Lucero volcanic field is a monogenetic volcanic field located New Mexico USA.
 Schöpfl is the highest hill (893 m) in the Wienerwald mountain range (Vienna woods) the north-easternmost part of the Alps. Geologically it belongs to the flysch Alps.The main top of the wooded mountain range carries a high observation tower which enables a 100 km sight to the Northern Limestone Alps in the west and the Carpathian Mountains in the east.At the Mitterschöpfl (approx. 880 m above sea level) the University of Vienna's Leopold Figl observatory is located.
 The Puțul Bătrân River is a tributary of the Clănița River in Romania.
 Guadanuño Reservoir is a reservoir in the province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain.
 White Pass (el. 873 m or 2864 ft) is a mountain pass through the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains on the border of the U.S. state of Alaska and the province of British Columbia Canada. It leads from Skagway Alaska to the chain of lakes at the headwaters of the Yukon River Crater Lake Lake Lindeman and Bennett Lake.
 Shedin Peak is the highest mountain in the Atna Range and in the Skeena Mountains of northern British Columbia Canada located 77 km (48 mi) north of Hazelton at the head of Rosenthal Creek. It has a prominence of 1798 m (5899 ft) created by the Bear-Driftwood Pass. Shedin Peak is one of the most prominent summits of North America one of the most isolated mountains of Canada and North America and one of the highest mountains of Canada.
 Homla is a river in the municipality of Malvik in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The river begins when it flows out of the lake Foldsjøen and it ends at the Trondheimsfjord at the village of Hommelvik.The Homla was first used by the timber industry to transport recently cut trees but it is now just a small river with good fishing opportunities.
 Hemsberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Jauca River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Vorona River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Grundhof (Luxembourgish: Grondhaff) is a village in the commune of Berdorf in eastern Luxembourg. As of 2001 the village had a population of 26. Nearby is the confluence of the Sauer and the Black Ernz.
 Quien Sabe Glacier is located on the west slopes of Boston Peak North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is approximately .60 mi (0.97 km) in length .70 mi (1.13 km) in width at its terminus and descends from 8400 to 7200 ft (2600 to 2200 m). The glacier is separated by ridges from Sahale Glacier to the south and the much larger Boston Glacier to the north.
 Petit is a small bowl-shaped lunar crater that is located on the northwestern edge of the Mare Spumans. The name is appropriate since Petit means small in French. But it was actually named in honor of Alexis Thérèse Petit a French physicist.The crater lies to the south of the crater Townley and east of Condon. Farther to the northwest is Apollonius. Petit was previously designated Apollonius W before being given a name by the IAU.
 Kleiner Landgraben is a small river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. Collecting the water of a wetland and lateral sources it is drained in both directions in the south into Tollense River and to the north into the Großer Landgraben another affluent of Tollense River. Therefore Kleiner Landgraben is a pseudobifurcation. The meaning of Kleiner Landgraben is something like Small Border Canal. For xeveral centuries it was part of the border between Mecklenburg and Pomerania.
 Nanjing couple park (Chinese: 南京情侣园) is a park in Nanjing Jiangsu Province China. It was designed by the Chinese master Zhu Youjie and designated as a park in 1909. Its original name is medical park. It is located north of Xuanwu Lake and west of Zijin Mountain. Covering 21.67 hectares one-third of which is water it is a comprehensive park used for entertainment leisure and private ceremonies like weddings.
 Jabal Dadnah is a mountain in Ras al-Khaimah.
 Canower See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 56.1 m its surface area is 0.5 km².
 Behaim is a lunar impact crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon just to the south of the crater Ansgarius. To the south of Behaim is the crater Hecataeus and to the east-southeast is Gibbs.The inner walls along the rim of Behaim still displays traces of old worn terraces. The rim has received a negligible amount of wear from subsequent bombardment but does not form a circular shape due to an inward bulge along the northern wall.
 Shibar Pass is situated at a height of 3000 m above sea-level and is one of the two main routes from Kabul to Bamiyan in central Afghanistan. The journey is approximately 6 and half hours long covering around 237 km (147 mi).The route via Unai Pass and Hajigak Pass is more direct but also more difficult rising to 3700 m and is not usually preferred.
 The Maira is an Italian river a right tributary of the Po River which runs through the province of Cuneo in eastern Piedmont. Its source is in the Cottian Alps near the Col de Mary (or Col Maurin) on the French border.
 Lafarge Lake is a five-hectare man-made lake located in Town Centre Park in central Coquitlam British Columbia. The Evergreen Cultural Centre lies on the southwest corner of the lake and the Water's Edge Festival is held on the lake shore for 25 continuous hours in March.The area was originally a quarry but in the 1970s the land was transferred to the city of Coquitlam and a successful reclamation project ensued.
 The Julier Pass (Romansh: Pass dal Güglia German: Julierpass Italian Passo del Giulia) (el. 2284 m) is a mountain pass in Switzerland in the Albula Range of the Alps. It connects the Engadin valley with the rest of Graubünden. At its summit the pass crosses the watershed / drainage divide between the basins of the Rivers Rhine and Danube. The Julier Pass lies between Piz Lagrev and Piz Julier.Remains of a Roman temple and cart tracks were found and illustrate its importance in Roman times.
 Ens is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Ushba (Georgian: უშბა) is one of the most notable peaks of the Caucasus Mountains. It is located in the Svaneti region of Georgia just south of the border with the Kabardino-Balkaria region of Russia. Although it does not rank in the 10 highest peaks of the range Ushba is known as the Matterhorn of the Caucasus for its picturesque spire-shaped double summit.
 Monte Penna is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines.
 The Mărul River is a tributary of the Finiș River in Romania.
 Wasserfluh Pass (el. 848 m.) is a mountain pass in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.It connects Lichtensteig and Brunnadern. The pass road has a maximum grade of 10 percent and an altitude gain of 345 m.
 Gillham Lake is a small reservoir located along the Cossatot River mostly in Howard County but also extending westward into Polk County Arkansas. The lake is 6 miles (9.7 km) from Gillham Arkansas.
 Tyrrell Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 Radipole Lake is a lake on the River Wey now in the English coastal town of Weymouth Dorset once in Radipole the village and parish of the same name. Along the western shore of the lake and between Radipole and the town centre of Weymouth now lies the modern suburb of Southill. The lake is a nature reserve run by the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds as it is an important habitat for reedbed birds.
 The Ramos River is a river of Mexico.
 The Stâna River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui.
 The Peixe River (lower Araguaia River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Pajaral Lake (Laguna Pajaral) is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 200 m its surface area is 9.3 km².
 Laguna Colorada (Red Lagoon) is a shallow salt lake in the southwest of the altiplano of Bolivia within Eduardo Avaroa Andean Fauna National Reserve and close to the border with Chile.
 Sambeto River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Pariwhakaoho River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northeast from sources within Kahurangi National Park to reach Golden Bay 10 kilometres northwest of Takaka.
 The Alphubel (4206 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located between the valleys of Zermatt and Saas in the canton of Valais. It is part of the Mischabel range which culminates at the Dom (4545 m). The summit of the Alphubel consists of a large ice-covered plateau part of the Fee Glacier on its east side. The west side of the mountain is more rocky and much steeper.
 The Dudurugu River is a tributary of the Brăneasa River in Romania.
 The Valea Vladului River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Feneş River is a tributary of the Ampoi River in Romania.
 The Hangendgletscherhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located in the Urbachtal in the canton of Bern. On its northern side it overlooks the Gauli Glacier.
 El Triunfo Lake is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. Its surface area is 19.3 km².
 The Düssel is a small right tributary of the River Rhine in North Rhine Westphalia Germany. Its source is between Wülfrath and Velbert. It flows westward through the Neander Valley where the fossils of the first Neanderthal man were found in 1856.
 At 210 metres Duncliffe Hill is one of the highest hills in the Blackmore Vale region in the county of Dorset England.
 Sogndalsfjorden is a fjord in Sogndal Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 20-kilometre (12 mi) long fjord begins at the mouth of the river Arøyelvi which flows out of the lake Hafslovatnet. It then flows to the southwest before emptying into the large Sognefjorden at its mouth between the villages of Nornes and Fimreite.The Norwegian National Road 5 highway crosses the fjord between the villages of Sogndalsfjøra and Kjørnes.
 The Hüggel is a ridge up to 225.6 m above sea level about 5 kilometres long and 1 kilometre wide near Hasbergen in the Lower Saxon district of Osnabrück in central Germany. It is the highest point of the Osnabrück Uplands. It is an Upper Carboniferous outcrop is part of the Ibbenbüren Coalfield.
 The Sonklarspitze also Sonklarspitz is a mountain in the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 The Valea Lutului River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Cumberland River is a river of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 The Birsig is a rather small river in eastern France and northern Switzerland. Its source is in the village Biederthal in the French Haut-Rhin department near the Swiss border. The Birsig is about 21 kilometers long and its watershed area is about 82 square kilometers. It flows variably through Swiss and French territory and through the Birsig Valley.
 The Vâlcelul Dihamului River is a tributary of the Valea Glăjăriei in Romania.
 The Mihăiașa River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 The Albota River is a tributary of the Arpaș River in Romania.
 The Canciu River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Lake Dombay is a man-made lake of Hungary.
 The Cayapas River is a river of Ecuador.
 The Cotegipe River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Koka Reservoir (also known as Lake Gelila) is a reservoir in south-central Ethiopia. It was created by the construction of the Koka Dam across the Awash River. The reservoir has an area of 180 square kilometers. Located in the Misraq Shewa Zone of the Oromia Region close to the capital and largest city of Ethiopia Addis Ababa the Koka Reservoir is popular with tourists and city-dwellers. There is a variety of wildlife and birds around the lake.
 The Little River is a tributary of the St. Francis River about 148 miles (238 km) long in southeastern Missouri and northeastern Arkansas in the United States. Via the St. Francis it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.The Little River's upper course in Missouri has been greatly altered by channelization practices.
 The Cercănelul River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania. It is well known among local fishermen for its abundance of Isonade[citation needed].
 Lake Helena is a body of water along Prickly Pear Creek in the Helena Valley of Lewis and Clark County in southwestern Montana. It is 2073 acres (8 km2) in size and is 3647 ft (1112 m) above sea level.
 Lein (Kocher) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mauch Chunk Creek (also known as White Bear Creek) is a 9.2-mile-long (14.8 km) tributary of the Lehigh River in Carbon County Pennsylvania in the United States.Mauch Chunk Creek (Native American for bear mountain) is dammed to form Mauch Chunk Lake just below Jim Thorpe.
 The Cujba River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 Nero Lake is a lake in the Province of Vercelli Piedmont Italy. At an elevation of 2672 m its surface area is 0.087 km².
 Cerro Lípez (also Cerro Lipez) is a stratovolcano in the Cordillera de Lípez in Sud Lípez province of Potosí Department in southwestern Bolivia. It has twin peaks and rises to 5929 m. On some maps it is incorrectly labeled as Nuevo Mundo. Nuevo Mundo is in fact hundreds of kilometres to the northeast and five hundred metres shorter. The confusion came in part from a misidentification of the height of Nuevo Mundo.
 Lake Hāwea is located in the Otago Region of New Zealand at an altitude of 348 metres. It covers an area of some 141 km² and is at its deepest 392 metres deep. Its name is Māori and is thought to be named after a local tribe though the exact meaning is uncertain.In 1958 the lake was raised artificially by 20 metres to store more water for increased hydroelectric power generation.At its greatest extent which is roughly along a north-south axis the lake is 35 kilometres long.
 Wiera (Schwalm) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Fürstenstein (Fichtelgebirge) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Unter Gabelhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located west of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies east of the Ober Gabelhorn on the chain separating the valley of Trift (north) from the valley of Zmutt (south).On its northern side the mountain overlooks the Gabelhorn Glacier.
 The Lempa River (Spanish: Río Lempa) is a 422 km long river in Central America. Its sources are located in between the Sierra Madre and the Sierra del Merendón in southern Guatemala near the town of Olopa. In Guatemala the river is called Río Olopa and flows southwards for 30.4 km before entering Honduras and changing its name to Lempa river at 14.547700°N 89.264002°W﻿ / 14.547700; -89.264002.
 Cedar Run is a 37.5-mile-long (60.4 km) tributary of the Occoquan River in the U.S. state of Virginia.
 Tuul River (Mongolian: Туул гол tuul means to wade through in Mongolian; in older sources also Tola) is a river in central and northern Mongolia considered sacred by the Mongols. It is 704 km long and drains an area 49840 square km. The river is called the Duluo river in the Suishu a Chinese historical work completed in 636 AD.
 The Punta Ramiere (in Italian) or Bric Froid (in French) is a mountain in the Cottian Alps belonging to the department of Hautes-Alpes (FR) and the province of Turin (IT). It's the highest peak of the long stretch of the Po/Rhone water divide starting from the Aiguille de Scolette (north) and ending with the Monviso group (south).
 The Curu River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Mount Norwottuck 1106 feet (337 m) feet above sea level is the highest peak of the Holyoke Range of traprock mountains located in the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts and part of the greater Metacomet Ridge which stretches from Long Island Sound to nearly the Vermont border. The peak rises steeply from the valley 1000 feet (300 m) below and offers sweeping views of the surrounding countryside. It is located within the towns of Amherst and Granby Massachusetts.
 Crevasse Crag is a jagged steep-sided prominence on the summit of a glaciated mountain ridge in the Lillooet Ranges of southwestern British Columbia Canada. It is located about 49 km (30 mi) southeast of the village of Pemberton.
 The Hiendertelltihorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located west of Handegg in the canton of Bern. It lies between the Gauli Glacier and the Grueben Glacier.
 The Timbozinho River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Paraná River basin and a tributary of the Timbó River.
 The Agriș River (Hungarian: Egres-patak) is a tributary of the Luţ River in Romania.
 Mont Mégantic is a monadnock located in Québec Canada about 15 km north of the border between Québec and the U.S. states of Maine and New Hampshire. Mégantic is on the border of the regional county municipalities of Le Granit and Le Haut-Saint-François. Its summit is the highest point of the latter.
 Ranseren (Southern Sami: Raentsere bijjie) is a lake on the border between Norway and Sweden. The Norwegian side lies in Hattfjelldal municipality in Nordland county (and it is inside Børgefjell National Park).
 The Carrión is a river in northern Spain. Its source is in the mountain range called Fuentes Carrionas and it is a tributary of the river Pisuerga. The entire course of the river is within the province of Palencia.
 Murmelbach (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Baton River is a river in the Tasman District of the South Island of New Zealand. It rises near the Baton Saddle in the Arthur Range and flows ESE then northeast before feeding into the Motueka River 2 km south of Woodstock. A tramping track follows the upper part of the river valley leading to the Karamea-Leslie track and Kahurangi National Park.
 Gold Creek Dam is an earthen dam located on the edge of Brisbane Forest Park on the western outskirts of Brisbane Australia. The dam holds back Gold Creek Reservoir. It is common in Australia to refer to a reservoir as a dam so the reservoir is often referred to as Gold Creek Dam.The dam was built on Gold Creek a tributary of Moggill Creek to augment supplies from the recently completed Enoggera Dam.
 North Fork Little Snake River is a 13.1-mile-long (21.1 km) tributary of the Little Snake River in Colorado and Wyoming. It flows from a source in the Medicine Bow National Forest of Carbon County Wyoming to a confluence with the Middle Fork Little Snake River in Routt County Colorado that forms the Little Snake River.
 The Valea Apei River is a tributary of the Pământ Alb River in Romania.
 Lake Lucerne a somewhat round lake has a surface area of 41.78-acre (169100 m2). Lake Lucerne is in an area that is rural-suburban in nature. This lake is completely surrounded by residences and a few undeveloped housing lots. Lake Lucerne is northeast of Winter Haven Florida.As Lake Lucerne is completely surrounded by private property there is no public access to this lake. There also is no information about the types of fish in the lake.
 The Mangakarengorengo River is a river of the Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Wairoa River.
 Rakhiot Peak is a peak in the Himalaya range of the Northern Areas of Pakistan.It is one of the many subsidiary summits of the core of Nanga Parbat.
 Mount Madison is a mountain in the Presidential Range of New Hampshire in the United States. It is named after the fourth U.S. President James Madison.Mountains in the Presidential Range are named for U.S. presidents with the tallest (Mt. Washington) named for the first president the second tallest (Mt. Adams) for the second president and so on. However due to a surveying error Mt. Monroe named after the fifth President James Monroe is actually 22 feet (6.7 m) taller than Mt. Madison.
 Leirfjorden is a fjord in the municipalities of Leirfjord and Alstahaug in Nordland county Norway. The 20-kilometre (12 mi) long fjord is located east of the town of Sandnessjøen between the mainland and the island of Alsta. There is a short strait that connects it to the Vefsnfjorden to the south. There are two bridges that cross it: Helgeland Bridge in the west and Sundøy Bridge in the south.
 Vtáčnik is a mountain range in central Slovakia which is part of the Slovenské stredohorie Mountains and part of the Inner Western Carpathians.It is bordered in the west north and northeast by the upper Nitra basin Strážov Mountains and Žiar in the east by the Kremnica Mountains and Žiar basin and in the south by Tribeč and the Štiavnica Mountains.It is divided further into these geomorphological units: Vysoký Vtáčnik Nízky Vtáčnik Župkovská brázda RajThe four highest mountains are: Vtáčnik (also named Hrádok) (1346 m) Biela skala (1136 m) Buchlov (1040 m) and Žiar (845 m).Some of the towns or villages around or in Vtáčnik include: Prievidza Nováky Handlová Prochot Lehota pod Vtáčnikom and Veľké Pole.
 Lake Canyon is shaped somewhat like a lower-case n. This lake is a manmade freshwater lake in south Lakeland Florida. It appears to have been a mine excavation that was landscaped to become a lake. This lake has a 10.51-acre (42500 m2) surface area.
 The Kakanui River is a river of North Otago New Zealand bridged by Highway 1 at Maheno and flowing into the Pacific Ocean at Kakanui.
 The Entdeckungsfels (or Roccia della Scoperta) is a minor summit located west of the Lysjoch very close to the Italian border between Liskamm and Ludwigshöhe. Because of its small prominence it was included in the enlarged list of alpine four-thousanders.
 The Connley Hills are a mountain range in Lake County Oregon.
 Wenham Lake (224 acres) is a lake located in Wenham and Beverly in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. In the 19th century the lake was famous for its ice harvested and transported by ship throughout the world. It was reputed to be Queen Victoria's favorite.
 The Gârbova River (Hungarian:Orbói-patak) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The South Moccasin Mountains el. 4951 feet (1509 m) is a small mountain range northwest of Lewistown Montana in Fergus County Montana.
 Wangat River a perennial river of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Hunter region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Hohe Egge at a good 440 m above NN is the highest point on the Süntel ridge in the Calenberg Uplands in the German federal state of Lower Saxony. On its summit is the Süntel Tower.The Hohe Egge or Süntel with its topographic prominence of 300 metres is one of the most prominent hills and ridges in North Germany.
 Laxbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Parys Mountain – in the Welsh language Mynydd Parys – is located south of the town of Amlwch in north east Anglesey Wales. It is the site of a large copper mine that was extensively exploited in the late 18th century.
 Rankala Lake is a picturesque lake in the Kolhapur District of the state of Maharashtra in western India.
 The Turía (Spanish: Río Turía) is a small river in Galicia Spain. It is 9 km in length and its mouth is at an altitude of 250 m above the sea. It rises in the town of Taramundi (Asturias) and drains into the Eo River in the town of A Pontenova (Puentenuevo) (Lugo Province).The Turía river gives its name to the Turía Valley or “Valle del Turía” that crosses horizontally before emptying into the Eo River.
 The Eternity Range is a range of mountains 28 miles (45 km) long rising to 2860 metres (9380 ft) and trending north-south approximately in the middle of the Antarctic Peninsula.Eternity Range is divided into three main mountain blocks the major summits in each from north to south being Mount Faith Mount Hope and Mount Charity.
 Silver Creek is an 87-mile (140 km) stream of Oregon which drains a portion of the endorheic Harney Basin to Harney Lake. Arising in the Blue Mountains it flows generally southeast although much of the stream is intermittent. The Silver Creek Volcanic Field is associated with the creek's watershed.
 Hollerbornbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Mill Creek is a 27.9-mile-long (44.9 km) tributary of the Cumberland River that extends through Williamson and Davidson counties in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Via the Cumberland and Ohio rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 The Ridgacre Branch is a canal branch of the Wednesbury Old Canal part of the Birmingham Canal Navigations in the West Midlands England. It opened in 1828 to serve collieries and iron works and was disused by the 1960s. Except for its branches and a small section at the eastern end which have been filled in most of it is still in water but it is not navigable as a low-level bridge carrying the Black Country New Road spans the entrance.
 Mount Maude is a peak in the Entiat Mountains a subrange of the North Cascades in Washington state USA. It is in the Glacier Peak Wilderness at the headwaters of the Entiat River. The peak was given its name by Albert H. Sylvester in honor of Frederick Stanley Maude. The north slopes of Mount Maude shelter the Entiat Glacier.
 Kunstteich Neudorf (Bach) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 San Emigdio Mountain is in the San Emigdio Mountains located in Kern County a few miles north of the Ventura County border in Southern California.San Emigdio Mountain is part of the southern wall of the San Joaquin Valley in the Los Padres National Forest. It is near Frazier Mountain northwest of the community of Pine Mountain Club and to the west of Interstate 5 and the Tehachapi Mountains.
 Fuss Peak (Russian: Вулкан Фусса) is an active stratovolcano located on the southern end of Paramushir Island Kuril Islands Russia. Only one unambiguous eruption in 1854 is known. Fuss Peak is still active.
 Bayou des Arc is a 74-mile-long (119 km) river in Arkansas. It is a tributary of the White River into which it flows near the city of Des Arc in Prairie County Arkansas. It rises in northwest White County Arkansas near the town of Rose Bud.
 The Hargrave River is a river in the Arctic Ocean drainage basin in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is on the Kent Peninsula and has its mouth on Dease Strait.
 The Delușelu River is a tributary of the Voineșița River in Romania.
 Jebel Umm Arafieb is a volcanic field in Sudan also known as Jebel Umm Marafieb.
 The Surduc River is a tributary of the Gladna River in Romania.
 The Küngöy Ala-Too (Kyrgyz: Күңгөй Ала-Тоо [küŋgöj alatoː]) also spelled Kyungei Alatoo Kungey Ala-Too and Kungey Alatau is a range in the North Tien-Shan. Its length is about 280 km and it stretches from Boom Gorge to Kegen - Karkyrin valley. The highest point of the range is Peak Chok Tal (4770 m).
 The Walaqa River a tributary of the Blue Nile is river in the Amhara Region of Ethiopia. Wegde is located to its north. Mida Woremo and Dera are to the south while Kelala is to the northeast. The Walaqa River may have been the northern boundary of the historical province of Walaqa.
 The Poplar River is a 58.4-mile-long (94.0 km) tributary of the Lost River of western Minnesota in the United States. Via the Lost River the Clearwater River the Red Lake River the Red River of the North Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the Hudson Bay watershed.
 The Fofeldea River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 Chelsea Wetlands is a 12 acre (≈4.9 hectare) marshland of the San Francisco Bay in Hercules California.
 Lake Wickenden is the largest lake on Anticosti Island in the Saint Lawrence River Quebec Canada. Glacially formed it is drained by the Jupiter River. Together with the surrounding 69111 hectares it was designated by WCPA as a protected area on 1 January 1993.
 Packwood Lake is a freshwater lake in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in the Cascade Mountains of Washington. It is located near the town of Packwood and is a popular day hiking and overnight camping area. The southern half of the lake lies within the Goat Rocks Wilderness area.
 Sturgeon Lake is a long thin lake located in the Kenora District of Northwestern Ontario Canada 200 km (124 mi) along the Manitoba-Ontario border from Hudson Bay and 6.5 km (4.0 mi) from the Manitoba border.The Sturgeon River flows north-west into and out of the lake and eventually flows into Hudson Bay via the Hayes River.
 Cailleux is a lunar impact crater that is attached to the southwest rim of the walled plain Poincaré. It is located in the southern part of the Moon's far side and cannot be seen from the Earth.
 Cunani River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 Chumash Peak is a 1257 ft (383 m) hill in San Luis Obispo California. The peak is the sixth in a series of volcanic plugs known as the Nine Sisters. In 1964 the hill was named in recognition of the Chumash Indians who lived in the area due to efforts by Louisiana Dart curator of the San Luis Obispo County Museum.Access to the peak is currently unavailable.The peak was recently quarried for the foundations of new Cuesta College buildings.
 Mount Samakke Nupuri (サマッケヌプリ山 Samakke Nupuri-yama) is a volcano located on the Shiretoko Peninsula in Hokkaido northeastern Japan.
 Njunis is a mountain in the interior of southern Troms county in Målselv municipality. With a peak at 1713 metres (5620 ft) it is the highest mountain in this part of the county and has Norway's thirteenth largest prominence. The tree line (downy birch) reaches to 700 metres (2300 ft) elevation on the southern slope of the mountain the highest tree line in Troms. This forest is part of the Øvre Dividal National Park. At the peak NATO has an radar centre.
 Numa Peak (9003 feet (2744 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The small Baby Glacier is below the peak to the immediate northeast. Numa Peak rises almost 5000 feet (1500 m) above Bowman Lake.
 The Șoimu River is a tributary of the Dogaru River in Romania.
 The Brinkworth Brook is a tributary of the Bristol Avon. It rises near Broad Hinton in Wiltshire in the West Country of England and flows in a north and then westerly direction joining the Bristol Avon at Great Somerford.
 The Ugashik Lakes are two adjacent lakes along the Ugashik River on the Alaska Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska.The lakes are world renowned for trophy Arctic grayling fishing. The lakes also support large concentrations of lake trout provide key feeding habitat for large numbers of sockeye and coho salmon.
 Kayla River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is near Sumarasar village. Its basin has a maximum length of 25 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 168 km2.
 Boardman Creek is a stream in the Sawtooth National Forest in Camas County Idaho in the United States. It is a tributary of the South Fork Boise River which in turn is tributary to the Snake River and Columbia River.Boardman Creek originates in the Soldier Mountains then flows north to the South Fork of the Boise River. At Boardman Creek's mouth a foot bridge crosses the South Fork of the Boise River from Sawtooth National Forest road 227.
 The Fineilspitze (Italian: Punta di Finale) is a peak in the Schnalskamm group of the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Shani Peak is a mountain in the south of Naltar Pass in the Gilgit District of Northern Areas of Pakistan. It lies in the west of Snow Dome (5029 m) and in the northwest of Mehrbani Peak (5639 m). To its east flows the Shani Glacier towards Naltar Valley. Peak is also known as Khaltar Peak.
 Littrow is a lunar crater that is located in the northeastern part of the Moon's near side on the east edge of Mare Serenitatis. Some distance to the northeast is the prominent crater Römer while to the south is Vitruvius.The rim of Littrow is heavily worn and eroded especially along the southern wall. The interior has been flooded with lava in the past leaving a relatively smooth featureless surface with no central rise.
 Sepulcher Mountain el. 9642 feet (2939 m) is a moderate mountain peak in northwest Yellowstone National Park halfway between the summit of Electric Peak and Mammoth Hot Springs. The peak was named Sepulcher by Captain John W. Barlow U.S. Army in 1871 because of it resemblance to a crypt when viewed from Gardiner Montana.The summit of Sepulcher Mountain can be reached by a 7.2 miles (11.6 km) trail from the mouth of Clematis Creek at Mammoth Hot Springs.
 The Sork Ale Volcano (also known as the Asdaga or Sorcali Volcano) is a sicilic stratovolcano located in the Danakil Horst at the southern end of the Danakil Alps near the Ethiopia/Eritrea border. It makes up part of the Bidu volcanic complex (with the Nabro Volcano Bara Ale and Mallahle).The volcano has scoria cones suggesting Strombolian eruptions. At the top of the volcano is a 1km wide 300m steep sided caldera there are satellite vents on the south east flank.
 Lake Bucura is a glacier cirque lake situated in the Retezat Mountains in Romania. It is located south of the main ridge at the base of Peleaga Peak and at an altitude of about 2040 m.It is the largest glacier lake in Romania having an area of over 89000 square metres. It is 550 m in length 160 m in width on average and 225 m maximum width for a perimeter of 1390 m. The maximum depth is 15.5 m and the volume 625000 m³.
 The Valea Janului River is a tributary of the Daia River in Romania.
 The River Cong is a river in Ireland. Rising in the village of Cong County Mayo. It is the outflow from Lough Mask further to the north that escapes through huge fissures in the cavernous limestone of the district and rises again in the village of Cong. It is about one mile long. The river is some 100 yards wide in places and divided by an island at one point. It pushes down strongly past Ashford Castle.The river is popular with fishermen having an excellent run of spring salmon.
 The Cristallina is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It is situated between the valleys of Leventina Val Bavona and Valle di Peccia (the latter two belonging to the Valle Maggia. On the west side of the mountain is located the Passo Cristallina with the hut Cappanna Cristallina.
 Srđ is a mountain just behind the walled city of Dubrovnik in Dalmatia Croatia. Its height is 412 metres the top of which is adorned with Fort Imperial built in 1806-1816 during the Napoleonic Wars. From its top the walled city of Dubrovnik Island of Lokrum Adriatic Sea and various local attractions (including restaurants and the Stradun) can be seen.This mountain home to one of the fiercest battles of the 1991-1995 Croatian War of Independence namely the Siege of Dubrovnik.
 Lvinaya Past (Russian: Львиная Пасть literally Lion's Jaw) is a volcano located in the southern part of Iturup Island Kuril Islands Russia. The volcano derives its name from a rock resembling a sleeping lion that breaches the surface at the center of the submerged caldera rim.
 Queest-alb Glacier is in Snoqualmie National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington on the west slopes of Three Fingers. Queest-alb Glacier is also known as Three Fingers Glacier but neither name is officially recognized by the United States Geological Survey. The glacier descends from 6400 to 5000 ft (2000 to 1500 m) and is a popular location for skiing.
 Eel Lake is large deep lake in a chain of water bodies along the Oregon Coast south of the Umpqua River in the United States. The chain includes other large lakes—Clear North Tenmile and Tenmile—as well as smaller lakes which drain into the Pacific Ocean via Tenmile Creek.Eel Lake is about 7 miles (11 km) south of Reedsport east of U.S. Route 101 and north of Lakeview. Steep slopes of the Oregon Coast Range border Eel Lake on the east. William M.
 Russvatnet is a lake in Jotunheimen Norway and also within Jotunheimen National Park. It lies between the mountains Surtningssue and Besshø.
 The Hohnekamm or Hohne Kamm is ridge up to 900 m high in the Harz mountains of central Germany. It is located in the state of Saxony-Anhalt and is well known for its rock towers or tors the Hohneklippen.
 Sikanni Chief Lake is a lake at the headwaters of the Sikanni Chief River in the Northern Rocky Mountains region of British Columbia Canada.
 The Râul Bisericii is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
 The Moldova River is a river in Romania in the historical region of Moldavia. The river rises from the Obcina Feredeu Mountains of Bukovina in Suceava County and joins the Siret River near the city of Roman in Neamţ County.The river gave its name to the Principality of Moldavia whose first capital Târgul Moldovei (now Baia) is on the Moldova River. The origin of the name of the river is disputed (see Etymology of Moldova).
 Haldalsnuten is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Šalčia is a river in Lithuania. It originates in a region located to the east of Šalčininkai and runs for 76 km before flowing into Merkys near Valkininkai.
 The Mulberry River is a 70-mile-long (110 km) tributary of the Arkansas River in northwestern Arkansas in the United States. Via the Arkansas River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 The Embarrass River is a 50.5-mile-long (81.3 km) tributary of the Saint Louis River in northern Minnesota United States. It rises just west of the city of Babbitt and flows southwest turning briefly south to thread a gap between the Embarrass Mountains to the east and the Mesabi Range to the west. The river flows into the Saint Louis River southeast of Eveleth.
 The O.K. Range also spelled OK Range is a mountain range in northern British Columbia Canada located northeast of Terrace. It has an area of 347 km2 and is a subrange of the Bulkley Ranges which in turn form part of the Hazelton Mountains.
 The Bitter Spring Valley is a 13-mile (21 km) long valley located northeast of Las Vegas Nevada on the west edge of Lake Mead on the north-trending Overton Arm (of the Virgin River and Meadow Valley Wash).The valley is a small valley basin located between two bordering mountain ranges. The Bitter Spring Wash exits east-northeastwards into the Overton Arm of Lake Mead at Echo Bay Nevada. The Valley of Fire State Park lies adjacent north on the north side of the Muddy Mountains.
 The Galheirão River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Squaw Creek is a 61-mile (98 km) long tributary of the Payette River in the U.S. state of Idaho. Beginning at an elevation of 7483 feet (2281 m) southwest of Cascade in southwestern Valley County it quickly flows north and then west into Gem County. From there it flows generally south passing through the communities of Ola and Sweet before reaching its mouth at Black Canyon Reservoir at an elevation of 2507 feet (764.1 m).
 The Valea Cerbului River is a tributary of the Guru River in Romania.
 Gir-e Kumar is the name of a mountain located in Dahuk Governorate in northern Iraq
 Olivier is an old eroded crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies in a region of dense cratering on all sides. To the east-southeast is a younger but comparably sized crater named Störmer. Southwest of Olivier is the crater Volterra.The southern rim of Olivier is covered by an unusual formation of small craters that lie adjacent to each other and have almost completely obliterated the rim.
 Mundeokbong is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 598 metres.
 Kakagi Lake also known as Crow Lake is a lake just north of Nestor Falls Ontario Canada in the township of Sioux Narrows-Nestor Falls and right across Highway 71 from Stevens Bay on Lake of the Woods. It is also feeds Lake of the Woods through a series of lakes starting with Cedartree Lake.
 The Baba River is a tributary of the Ghelinţa Mare River in Romania.
 The Neamțu River is a tributary of the Valea Turcului River in Romania.
 The Mara River is a river in Nunavut which flows into the Burnside River to empty into Bathurst Inlet on the Arctic Ocean. It flows north from headwaters at Nose Lake and is 260 km (160 mi) in length.
 Mount Teon is an elongated island in the Banda Sea Indonesia. Explosive eruptions have been recorded from the volcano since the seventeenth century.
 The Budușu River is a tributary of the Budac River in Romania.
 The Diechterhorn is a mountain in the Urner Alps overlooking the Haslital in the Bernese Oberland. At 3389 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the Urner Alps lying within the canton of Bern.On its east side lies the upper basin of the Trift Glacier the summit of the Dammastock being located about five kilometres east. On its west side lies the Gelmersee at 1849 metres.The Gelmer hut lying at 2412 metres above the Gelmersee is the closest hut.
 The Izvorul Negru River is a headwater of the Râuşor in Romania.
 The Fiddle Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located south of Highway 16 on the east border of Jasper National Park Canada.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 El Chichón also known as Chichonal is an active volcano in Francisco León north-western Chiapas Mexico. El Chichón is part of a geologic zone known as the Chiapanecan Volcanic Arc. El Chichón is a complex of domes with a tuff ring made of ejected volcanic material located between the Trans Mexican Volcanic Belt and the Guatemalan Belt.
 The Alamo Hueco Mountains are a 15-mile (24 km) long mountain range located in the southeast of the New Mexico Bootheel region southeast Hidalgo County New Mexico adjacent the border of Chihuahua state Mexico. The range lies near the southern end of the mountains bordering the extensive north-south Playas Valley; the Little Hatchet and Big Hatchet Mountains are adjacent and mostly attached north; the mountain range series ends south into the flatland plains of the Chihuahuan Desert.
 The Louros (Greek: Λούρος) is a river in the Epirus region in northwestern Greece. It emerges from the ground in a large spring located immediately north of the village of Vouliasta in Ioannina regional unit. It flows south through a canyon and then a dam followed by a hydroelectric power station. The Louros flows past town of Filippiada forming the boundary between Arta regional unit and Preveza regional unit.
 Dubyago is a lunar crater that lies in the eastern limb of the Moon and it appears significantly foreshortened when viewed from the Earth. It lies along the southern shore of the Mare Undarum to the southeast of the crater Firmicus.This crater has a somewhat worn outer rim which dips down to a low point along the northern rim and has its maximum altitude along the eastern side.
 The Cobășel River or Cobăcel River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Pharaquta (Aymara phara dry quta lake dry lake hispanicized spelling Paracota) is a lake in Peru located in the Puno Region Puno Province Pichacani District. It is situated at a height of about 4512 metres (14803 ft). Pharaquta lies southeast of the larger lake Jukumarini
 The Shafat Glacier is a 14 kilometres (9 mi) long glacier in the north eastern Himalayan Range situated 85 kilometres (53 mi) south from Kargil and 294 kilometres (183 mi) east from Srinagar on the right side of Kargil Zanskar Road in the state of Jammu and Kashmir.The Shafat Glacier gives rise to the two mountain peaks of Nun and Kun which have the elevation of more than 6800 meters and it provides a base to climb these mountain peaks. It lies at an average elevation of 4400 meters.
 Indian Creek is a tributary of the Guyandotte River 19.7 miles (31.7 km) long in southern West Virginia in the United States. Via the Guyandotte and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 43 square miles (110 km2) in a rural area on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.Indian Creek's entire course and drainage area are in southern Wyoming County.
 The Cropp River is a river of New Zealand. It flows east for nine kilometres before joining the Whitcombe River a tributary of the Hokitika River.1049 mm of rain fell over the Cropp River on 12-13 December 1995 a record rainfall for a 48 hour period for New Zealand.
 Mount Minsi forms the Pennsylvania side of the Delaware Water Gap and is the eastern extent of the Blue Mountain. It is composed of sandstone and conglomerates of the Shawangunk Formation.
 Banyuasin River (Indonesian: Sungai Banyuasin means: Salty Water River) is a river in southern Sumatra Indonesia.
 The Măgura River is a tributary of the Sighiștel River in Romania.
 The Oteros River is a river of Mexico.
 Chebyshev is a large lunar crater that lies in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. The somewhat smaller crater Langmuir is intruding into the east-southeastern rim of Chebyshev forming a chain of large craters with Brouwer on Langmuir's eastern rim.The outer rim of this walled plain is eroded and somewhat irregular although much of the perimeter can still be discerned. The outer rampart of Langmuir spills into the interior forming a rough patch in the southeastern floor.
 Karchower See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 69.5 m its surface area is 0.03 km².
 The Kerikeri River rises in the Puketi Forest inland from Kerikeri and flows into the western extremity of the Bay Of Islands in northern New Zealand.
 Kleiner Rummelsberg is a hill in Brandenburg Germany.
 Piz Giuv (or Schattig Wichel) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the cantons of Uri and Graubünden. At 3096 metres above sea level it is the highest mountain of the Glarus Alps lying west of the Oberalpstock. Its summit is situated between three valleys: the Fellital and Etzlital on the north side and the Val Giuv (Surselva) on the south side. The slightly lower Piz Nair lies on its east side
 Moelfre Uchaf is a hill in the borough of Conwy North Wales 5 miles (8 km) south-west of Colwyn Bay and 1.5 mi (2 km) south-west of Betws-yn-Rhos. It is 396 m (1299 ft) above sea level.
 Mount Wilson is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the Lizard Head Wilderness in Dolores County approximately 10 miles (16 km) north of Rico and 10 miles (16 km) southwest of Telluride. It is the highest peak in the San Miguel Mountains a subrange of the San Juan Mountains. It is not to be confused with the lower nearby Wilson Peak.The peak was named for A. D. Wilson a topographer with the Hayden Survey.
 The Riozinho River (Pium River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Howard Draw is a valley that heads in the extreme south of Reagan County Texas at an elevation of 2720 feet at 30°05′09″N 101°22′27″W and runs through Crockett County to its foot on the Pecos River in Val Verde County elevation 1575 feet.Howard Draw is also a stream or arroyo formerly known as Howard Creek it is an ephemeral stream within Howard Draw tributary to the Pecos River in Texas.The historical Howard Springs and an important waterhole on the San Antonio-El Paso Road were located in Howard Creek just above Government Canyon in Howard Draw.Howard Draw was 44 miles along the route the San Antonio-El Paso Road took northwestward to the Pecos River after it left the Head of Devil's River at Pecos Canyon crossing Johnson Draw Government Canyon to Howard Draw and Howard Springs. 
 Aotea Lagoon is an artificial lagoon surrounded by a 7 ha public parkin the Papakowhai suburb of Porirua North Island New Zealand. Aotea and two nearby lagoons were created as transport links were realignedfrom the natural coastline to land reclaimed from Porirua Harbour.
 The River Kenfig (Welsh: Afon Cynffig) is a small river in south Wales straddling the county boroughs of Neath Port Talbot and Bridgend. It is approximately 11 miles/18 kilometres long.
 Ķīšezers is a lake in Riga Latvia with primary inflow of the Jugla River. The lake is 1730 ha (4300 acres) large it has 2.4 metres (7 ft 10 in) of average depth and reaches 4.2 metres (14 ft) at the deepest point.
 The Zarkos (Greek: Ζάρκος) is a small mountain range in central Thessaly in Greece. It is situated on the border of the Larissa and the Trikala regional unit. Its highest point is 734 m. It is 15 km long and 12 km wide and covers and area of 100 to 150 km². Grasslands are in the lower elevations and forests in the higher elevations. It is drained by the river Titarisios to the north and the Pineios to the south.
 Glenrock Lagoon an intermediate freshwater small coastal creek is located within the Lake Macquarie local government area in the Newcastle and Hunter regions of New South Wales Australia. The lake is located near the Newcastle suburbs of Adamstown and Dudley and is situated about 153 kilometres (95 mi) north of Sydney.
 The Budhabalanga River (ବୁଢାବଳଙ୍ଗ ନଦୀ) (also called Balanga River) flows through the districts of Mayurbhanj and Balasore in the Indian state of Odisha.
 Salmon Inlet is an fjord branching east from Sechelt Inlet in the British Columbia Canada. Its companion Narrows Inlet another side-inlet of Sechelt Inlet lies roughly 25 miles (40 km) north. Misery and Sechelt Creeks flow freely into the inlet while the Clowhom River flows in from the artificial Clowhom Lake formed by a small hydroelectric power development.
 Breakneck Creek is a tributary of Connoquenessing Creek that flows in a northwardly direction in Western Pennsylvania. It forms in the village of Bakerstown in Allegheny County then flows northwest through the borough of Valencia in Butler County.From there it continues north through the boroughs of Mars Callery and Evans City. Breackneck flows a few more miles until it reaches the village of Eidenau where it flows into Connoquenessing Creek.
 Tromm is an Odenwald mountain in Hesse Germany.
 Medicine Grizzly Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is surrounded by high peaks including Triple Divide Peak to the west and Mount James to the north.
 The Negrașu River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 Crescent Lake is a lake near Cooper Landing Alaska. It may be accessed by trail from near the Crescent Creek campground or from Carter Lake. The lake is somewhat popular with grayling fishermen.
 The Nadoșa River is a tributary of the Săpânța River in Romania.
 The Aube is a river in France right tributary of the Seine. It is 248 km long. The river gives its name to the Aube département.Its source is in the Haute-Marne département on the plateau of Langres near the town Auberive. It flows through the départements Haute-Marne Côte-d'Or Aube and Marne. It flows into the river Seine near Marcilly-sur-Seine. Cities along the river include Bar-sur-Aube and Arcis-sur-Aube.
 Kleine Donau is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Bunya Mountains are a distinctive set of peaks forming an isolated section of the Great Dividing Range in southern Queensland. The mountain range forms the northern edge of the Darling Downs near Bell and Dalby. The mountains are south of Kingaroy and just to the south west of Nanango. The range is the remains of a shield volcano which was built fromnumerous basalt lava flows about 23-24 million years ago.
 Abiqua Creek (/ˈæbɪkwɑː/ AB-ih-kwa) is a tributary of the Pudding River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The creek originates near Lookout Mountain in the foothills of the Cascade Range in the northwestern part of the state. It flows northwest for about 29 miles (47 km) to its confluence with the Pudding about 2 miles (3.2 km) west of Silverton in the Willamette Valley.
 Pear Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island north of Elsie Lake east of Nimnim Lake.
 The South Branch Dead River is a 26.3-mile-long (42.3 km) tributary of the Dead River in Franklin County Maine.From the outflow of Saddleback Lake (44°58′30″N 70°33′18″W) below Saddleback Mountain the river runs northeast to Eustis where its confluence with the North Branch of the Dead River was drowned by the impoundment of Flagstaff Lake in 1950.The Northern Forest Canoe Trail (NFCT) is a 740-mile (1190 km) marked canoeing route extending from Old Forge New York to Fort Kent Maine.
 The Tinosu Mare River is a tributary of the Bistriţa Aurie River in Romania.
 Coyle Creek is a small creek in the municipalities of Welland Pelham and West Lincoln in the Regional Municipality of Niagara Ontario Canada that forms an important component of the Welland River watershed.
 The Dos Oitis River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Bistrița River (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈbistrit͡sa] ; sometimes identified as Bistrița Gorjană) is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of headwaters Negoiu River and Groapele
 The Eder is a 177 km long river in Germany and a tributary of the Fulda River. It was first mentioned by the Roman historian Tacitus as the Adrana in the territory of the Chatti.The river rises from the Ederkopf mountain in western North Rhine-Westphalia near the springs of the Lahn and Sieg rivers. Unlike the Lahn and Sieg that are both tributaries of the Rhine the Eder flows east and north and into the river Fulda at Edermünde south of Kassel.
 The Hodoș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 The Kotaneelee River is a river in the Northwest territories of Canada. It is a tributary of the Liard River.It gives the name to the Kotaneelee Formation a stratigraphical unit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
 Lake Waikanae is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Karl Marx Peak (Tajik: Қуллаи Карл Маркс) rises to 6723 m (22057 ft) in the Shakhdara Range in Pamir Mountains in the south-west of Tajikistan's Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Province (eastern part of Ishkoshim district) just north of the Panj River and the Afghanistan border. The highest summit in the Shakhdara Range it was discovered and named in 1937 by Soviet geologist and explorer of South-West Pamir Sergey Klunnikov.
 Sgùrr nan Each is a Scottish mountain situated in the group of hills known as the Fannichs. It is 27 kilometres (17 mi) south of Ullapool in the Ross and Cromarty district of the Highland council area.
 The Copalita River is a river of Mexico.
 The Niangua River /naɪˈæŋɡwə/ is a 125-mile-long (201 km) tributary of the Osage River in the Ozarks region of southern and central Missouri in the United States. Via the Osage and Missouri rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 The Teufelshörner (Devil's Horns) are pair of mountains on the German-Austrian border in the Berchtesgaden Alps. The two peaks which form a mountain ridge are the Großer Teufelshorn (Great Devil's Horn 2363 m) and the Kleiner Teufelshorn (Little Devil's Horn 2283 m).
 The Hannan Range is a mountain range in Pershing County Nevada.
 The Elicura River is a river of Chile.
 Summit Lake is a lake in geographic Shenango Township in the Unorganized North Part of Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario Canada.
 The Huangarua River is a river of the southern North Island of New Zealand. Rising in the foothills of the Aorangi Range it flows north to join the Ruakokoputuna River to the south of Martinborough.
 The Cobb Reservoir surrounded by Kahurangi National Park and fed by the Cobb River is in the South Island of New Zealand. The reservoir feeds the Cobb Power Station and is 819 metres (2687 ft) above sea level but drops significantly with low rainfall.The dam that forms the reservoir was built from 1949 to 1954 replacing a smaller structure built about ten years previously. It is an earth dam 32 metres (105 ft) high by 221 metres (725 ft) long.
 The Hüfi Glacier (German: Hüfifirn) is a 7 km (4.3 mi) long glacier (2005) situated in the Glarus Alps in the canton of Uri in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 13.64 km2 (5.27 sq mi).
 Southern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group (南八ヶ岳 Minami-Yatsugatake) also just Yatsugatake is a volcanic group of inactive volcanoes located on the border of Nagano Prefecture and Yamanashi Prefecture on Honshū in Japan.
 Pino Hachado Pass (Spanish: Paso Pino Hachado) is a mountain pass through the Andes joining Chile and Argentina. It is one of the principal passes of the southern Andes connecting Argentina's route RN-22 and Chile's Route 181-CH. Transit must pass through Las Raíces Tunnel on the Chilean side. At its highest peak Pino Hachado Pass is 1884 meters high. The climate is cold and dry with summer temperatures recorded at 25°C/77 °F and winter temperatures recorded at -15°C/5 °F.
 The Shashe River (or Shashi River) is a major left-bank tributary of the Limpopo River in Zimbabwe. It rises northwest of Francistown Botswana and flows into the Limpopo River where Botswana Zimbabwe and South Africa meet.The confluence is at the site of the Greater Mapungubwe Transfrontier Conservation Area.
 Dnieper-Bug Estuary (Ukrainian: Дніпровсько-Бузький лиман) is an open estuary or liman of two rivers: Dnieper and Southern Bug. It is located on the northern coast of the Black Sea. The most important port is Ochakiv.The water body includes two parts: more wide Dnieper Estuary (55 km long up to 17 km wide) and narrow Bug Estuary (47 km long from 5 to 11 km wide). Average depth 6–7 m maximal is 12 m.The estuary has transport recreation and fisheries importance.
 Montagne du Charbon (1932 m) is a mountain in the Bauges in Savoie and Haute-Savoie France.
 The Ion River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 Lake Cumberland is a reservoir in Clinton Laurel McCreary Pulaski Russell and Wayne counties in Kentucky. The primary reasons for its construction were a means for flood control and the production of hydroelectric power. Its shoreline measures 1255 miles (2020 km) and the lake covers 65530 acres (265 km2) at the maximum power pool elevation. The reservoir ranks 9th in the U.S.
 The Pointe de Vouasson is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Lac des Dix in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Hérémence (west) and Arolla (east) north of the Aiguilles Rouges d'Arolla.The east side of the mountain is covered by a glacier named Glacier de Vouasson.
 Kemmlitzbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Ähijärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The Hart Ranges are one of the main geographic subdivisions of the Canadian Rockies and are the main part of the area that is meant by the Northern Rockies although the much larger Muskwa Ranges to the north are more deserving of that term — but also much more inaccessible and much less visited — and the Northern Rockies are generally also considered to extend at least as far south as Mount Robson which is in the Continental Ranges .
 Tiefer See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.9 m its surface area is 0.76 km².
 Fin Cop is a hill and an associated Iron Age hill fort in Monsal Dale close to Ashford in the Water in Derbyshire England.The fort shows evidence of hurried construction indicating a defensive response to a real threat rather than the more usual assumption that such forts were a display of status and prestige.
 The River Wreake is a river in Leicestershire England. It is a tributary of the River Soar. The river between Stapleford Park and Melton Mowbray is known as the River Eye and becomes the Wreake below Melton Mowbray.It flows southwest passing through Melton Mowbray Asfordby Frisby on the Wreake Brooksby Thrussington and Ratcliffe on the Wreake before meeting the Soar near Syston.
 Dôme de Chasseforêt is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3586 metres above sea level.
 The Osage River is a 276-mile-long (444 km) tributary of the Missouri River in central Missouri in the United States. The Osage River is the 8th largest river in Missouri. The river drains a mostly rural area of 15300 square miles (40000 km2). The watershed includes an area of east-central Kansas and a large portion of west-central and central Missouri where it drains northwest areas of the Ozark Plateau.
 Red Butte is a butte located in the Kaibab National Forest in Coconino County Arizona. (On some maps named Red Mountain southeast side of U.S. Route 180 from Flagstaff to Valle.) It is known to the Havasupai nation as Wii'i Gdwiisa clenched fist mountain and is regarded as a sacred site.Red Butte is the most notable feature on the Coconino Plateau between the San Francisco volcanic field and the Grand Canyon. Its base is formed of sandstones of the Moenkopi Formation.
 The Wolf River is a river on Vancouver Island in Strathcona Regional District British Columbia Canada. It is in the Pacific Ocean drainage basin and lies entirely within Strathcona Provincial Park.
 The River Lark is a river in England that crosses the border between Suffolk and Cambridgeshire. It is a tributary of the River Great Ouse and was extended when that river was re-routed as part of drainage improvements. It is thought to have been used for navigation since Roman times and improvements were made in 1638 and in the early 1700s when locks and staunches were built.
 Carstensz East (or East Carstensz Top) is a sub peak of Puncak Jaya (or Carstensz Pyramid). It contains a small glacier like its nearby neighbors but it is retreating rapidly.
 Otatso Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Otatso Lake is situated in a cirque below unnamed peaks in the northeastern section of Glacier National Park.
 The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Sia La is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge some 60 km (37 mi) north-northwest of map point NJ9842 which defined the end of the 1972 Line of Control between India and Pakistan as part of the Simla Agreement. Sia La sits near the China border and immediately northwest of the upper part of the vast Siachen Glacier connecting that glacier to the Pakistani-controlled Kondus Glacier and valley to the west.
 Marius is a lunar crater located on the Oceanus Procellarum. The surface to the west and north of this crater contains a large number of lunar domes spread across an area over a hundred kilometers in diameter that may be of volcanic origin dubbed the Marius Hills. These domes if volcanic may have been formed by magma that is fairly more viscous than the volcanic material that formed the basaltic lunar maria. The nearest named crater feature is Reiner to the southwest.
 The Kuppe is a mountain in the Harz that lies north of Sankt Andreasberg in the district of Goslar in the German state of Lower Saxony. It is 729 m high and is connected to the Jordanshöhe in the west.
 Kelly Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Søre Vistvatnet (Southern Sami: Åårjel Væstanjaevrie) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Vevelstad in Nordland county Norway. The 2.3-square-kilometre (0.89 sq mi) lake lies in the southeastern part of the municipality inside Lomsdal–Visten National Park.
 The Chikaskia River (usually pronounced chi-KAS-kee-uh but often pronounced chi-KAS-kee in southern Kansas) is a 159-mile-long (256 km) tributary of the Salt Fork of the Arkansas River in southern Kansas and northern Oklahoma in the United States. Via the Salt Fork and Arkansas rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 Schöpfebach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mill Creek is a 17.8-mile-long (28.6 km) stream originating in the San Bernardino Mountains in San Bernardino County California. It is a major tributary of the Santa Ana River. Their confluence occurs just downstream of the upper Santa Ana Canyon mouth. Part of the upper creek flows through San Bernardino National Forest.Mill Creek is in much better condition than the lower portions of the Santa Ana watershed as its drainage area is less urbanized.
 The Ford River is a short river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It arises in the Otway Ranges on the western side of Cape Otway and joins the Aire River shortly before it enters Bass Strait through the Port Campbell National Park.
 Gistola (Georgian: გისტოლა) is a peak in the central part of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in Svaneti Georgia. The elevation of the mountain is 4860 m (15940 ft) above sea level. The mountain is made up of paleozoic granites. The slopes of Gistola are covered with ice.
 Praxiteles is a crater on Mercury.MESSENGER's high-resolution images obtained during the mission's second Mercury flyby have revealed a number of irregularly shaped depressions on the floor of Praxiteles crater making it a pit-floor crater. The colors near these depressions in WAC images are similar to those near volcanoes discovered during the mission's first Mercury flyby along the inner edge of the Caloris basin.
 The Gudgenby River a perennial river that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Australian Capital Territory Australia.
 Harrington Creek is a small river in San Mateo County California and is a tributary of San Gregorio Creek.
 Khustup is a mountain located in the southern Syunik Province of Armenia to the south of Kapan city. The height of the mountain is 3206 meters. The origin of Vachagan River is located at the northen edge of mount Khustup.The Armenian national hero; military leader Garegin Nzhdeh is buried on the slopes of Mount Khustup.
 Pisgah Mountain or Pisgah Ridge (on older USGS Maps) is a long ridgeline (12.5 miles (20.1 km) Tamaqua to Jim Thorpe river gap to river gap) oriented NNE-to-SSW whose northside valley is followed by U.S. Route 209 from river gap to river. The ridge is a succession of peaks exceeding 1440 feet (438.9 m) looming 300–540 feet above the towns of Lansford Coaldale Summit Hill and Tamaqua in the Panther Creek valley.
 The Greasbrough Canal was a private canal built by the Marquess of Rockingham to serve his coal mining interests in and around the village of Greasbrough near Rotherham South Yorkshire England. It opened in 1780 and the Newbiggin branch was built some time later. The main line to Greasbrough closed in 1840 with the coming of the Sheffield and Rotherham Railway and the canal ceased to carry commercial traffic during the First World War.
 Lost Lake is a reservoir in Groton Massachusetts United States. It was formed from three lakes by the headwaters of Salmon Brook. At its deepest in Knop's Pond it is near 30 feet deep.
 The Jocko River (Salish: nisisutetkʷ ntx̣ʷe ) is a roughly 40-mile (64 km) tributary of the Flathead River in western Montana in the United States. It rises in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains and flows west into the Flathead at Dixon. The elevation is 2503 feet (763 m) where it joins the Flathead. It is also known as Jacques Fork Jim’s Fork Prune River or Wild Horse Creek.
 The Mogollon Mountains or Mogollon Range (/mʌɡɨˈjoʊn/ or /moʊɡəˈjoʊn/) are a mountain range east of the San Francisco River in Grant and Catron counties of southwestern New Mexico United States between the communities of Reserve and Silver City. They extend roughly north-south for about 30 miles (48 km) and form part of the divide between the San Francisco and the Gila rivers. The crest of the range lies about 15 miles (24 km) east of U.S.
 Claremore Lake is a reservoir in Claremore Oklahoma that provides water to the city of Claremore. Constructed in1930 for the purpose of providing water the lake covers 470 acres (1.9 km2) and houses recreational amenities such as boat ramps fishing docks and picnic areas. Its major tributaries are Dog Creek and Little Dog Creek.Claremore Lake just recently added an 18 hole disc golf course.
 The Holyoke Range or Mount Holyoke Range is a traprock mountain range located in the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts. It is a sub-range of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border. A popular hiking destination the range is known for its anomalous east-west orientation high ledges and its scenic character.
 For the main article that includes the Sand Sea and the Mount Semeru area see Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park.Mount Bromo (Indonesian: Gunung Bromo) is an active volcano and part of the Tengger massif in East Java Indonesia. At 2329 metres (7641 ft) it is not the highest peak of the massif but is the most well known. The massif area is one of the most visited tourist attractions in East Java Indonesia. The volcano belongs to the Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park.
 The Argintari River is a tributary of the Sărăţel River in Romania.
 The Văcăria River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 Table Mountain (11106 feet (3385 m)) is located in the Teton Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is on the border of Grand Teton National Park and the Jedediah Smith Wilderness of Caribou-Targhee National Forest. Table Mountain is west of the south fork of Cascade Canyon and a little more than 1 mile (1.6 km) north of Hurricane Pass.
 Eryuan West Lake (Chinese: 洱源西湖; pinyin: Ěryuán Xī Hú) or Dali West Lake (Chinese: 大理西湖; pinyin: Dàlĭ Xī Hú) is a plateau lake in western Yunnan province China. It lies at the northern foot of the snow-covered Cangshan. It is drained from the southern end by the Luoshi River which flows into the Erhai Lake. The lake is about 2.6 long from north to south and 0.8 to 2.2 km wide from east to west. The surface of the lake is about 1968 metres above sea level.
 The Teesdale Way is a long distance walk between the North Sea coast of North Yorkshire and the Cumbrian Pennines in England. The walk is 100 miles (160 km) 100 miles / 161 km in length it links in with other long distance walks such as the Pennine Way and the E2 European Walk between Harwich and Stranraer.The Teesdale way ends in Warrenby near Redcar having passed through the heavily industrialised Teesside area consisting of Middlesbrough Stockton-on-Tees and Thornaby-on-Tees.
 Palandöken Mountain (or shortly Palandöken) is a 3271 m (10732 ft) high tectonic mountain in Erzurum Province Turkey. The summit is at a distance of only 10 km (6 mi) from Erzurum city center which itself extends at an elevation of 1950 m (6398 ft).
 The Utroya (Russian: Утроя in Latvian the Rītupe) is a river of Latvia and Pytalovsky and Ostrovsky Districts of Pskov Oblast of Russia a left tributary of the Velikaya River. It is 176 kilometres (109 mi) long and the area of its basin 3000 square kilometres (1200 sq mi). The principal tributary is the Lzha (the Ludza right).
 The Žeimena River is a river in Aukštaitija eastern Lithuania and right tributary of Neris River. Žeimena begins in Labanoras Forest and at Lake Žeimenys. Žeimena flows to the south passing Kaltanėnai town Švenčionėliai city and Pabradė city. Its confluence with Neris is located near the border of Švenčionys and Vilnius districts. The main tributaries of Žeimena are Lakaja Saria Mera Kiauna Luknelė and Jusinė.Žeimena is one of the cleanest rivers in Lithuania.
 Gawler River is a confluence of the North Para and South Para Rivers at the South Australian town of Gawler. It is also the name of a suburb between Gawler and Angle Vale.The River flows out onto the Wakefield Plains and is the cause of occasional flash flooding (during 1:10 to 1:50 year flood events).The district produces cereal crops and sheep for both meat and wool.
 The Glodișor River is a tributary of the Jidovoaia River in Romania.
 Big Cow Creek is a 65.8-mile-long (105.9 km) tributary of the Sabine River in eastern Texas.
 Stamford Canal now disused is one of the earliest post-Roman canals in England. It opened in 1670 around 100 years before the start of the Industrial Revolution which brought about the golden age for canals in Britain. Parts of the route can be traced on the ground though only one lock survives intact. It was part of the Welland Navigation in Lincolnshire.
 Weinek is a small lunar crater that is located in the southeastern part of the Moon to the south of the Mare Nectaris. It lies about one crater diameter to the east-northeast of the prominent Piccolomini. To the southeast is Neander.The outer rim of this formation has undergone some wear but the general circular form is still distinct. A triple cluster of small craters lies across the northern rim and inner wall and there are small craterlets along the southern rim.
 The Azat (Armenian: Ազատ) is a river in the Kotayk Province of Armenia. Its source is on the western slope of the Geghama mountains. It flows through Garni Lanjazat and Arevshat. It flows into the Arax near Artashat. The main purpose of the Azat dam is to serve for irrigation and hydro power generation. Its hazard potential is ranked to be high.The Azat River is known in Armenia for its beauty. It flows for 55 kilometers and has a basin that occupies 572 square kilometers.
 Maggie's Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe. It is located in the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County California. This mountain overlooks Lake Tahoe and affords very good views of the lake.
 Tennessee Pass is a mountain pass in Oregon. It is traversed by Tennessee Mountain Road west of U.S. Route 199 near Kerby Oregon between Tennessee Mountain and Woodcock Mountain in Josephine County.
 Duncan Lake is a lake in western Quebec Canada.
 Lake Tengrela is a small lake near Banfora in Burkina Faso. It is known for its hippopotamuses. Locals believe that these hippopotamuses do not attack humans because they are sacred hippopotamuses. Crocodiles are almost never seen in this lake. It is 2 km long and 1.5 km wide.
 Supraśl - is a river in east Poland in Podlaskie Voivodeship a tributary of the Narew river (near Złotoria) with a length of 938 kilometres and the basin area of 18444 km2Supraśl is the source of the drinking water for Białystok.
 The Hausberg is a mountain with an altitude of 486 m next to Butzbach in Hesse Germany. It is part of the Taunus mountain range and located at its easternmost part bordering the fertile landscape of the Wetterau which is of a much lower altitude. Therefore the mountain is well situated for look-out and in 1873 a first look-out tower was erected on its top.
 Hessisches Kegelspiel is a group of nine vulcano mountains in the northern part of Rhön Mountains in Hesse Germany.
 Ashokan High Point is a 3061 feet (933 m) summit in the Catskill Mountains of New York. The trail that leads up to it is very old.
 North Fork Cimarron River is a 169-mile-long (272 km) tributary of the Cimarron River that flows from a source in Comanche National Grassland in Baca County Colorado. It joins the Cimarron River west of Satanta in Haskell County Kansas.
 The Poço Bonito River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Cuquenán River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Saline River is a tributary of the Ohio River approximately 27 miles (43 km) long in the Southern Illinois region of the U.S. state of Illinois. The river drains a large section of southeast Illinois with a drainage basin of 1762 square miles (4564 km2). The major tributaries include the South Fork Middle Fork and North Fork all lying within the Saline Valley.
 Willow Creek Pass elevation 9659 ft (2944 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Rocky Mountains of north central Colorado.
 Fain Lake is located near Prescott Valley in North Central Arizona.
 The Valea Peștilor River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
 Also see Barnes Creek (Wisconsin)Barnes Creek is a small stream that flows in the U.S. state of Washington from the base of Mount Storm King and Aurora Ridge into Lake Crescent. Barnes Creek is also fed by Marymere Falls. Barnes Creek sustains the spawning habitat for the endemic Crescenti cutthroat trout. It flows onto Barnes Point an ancient landslide delta and into Lake Crescent.Barnes Creek and Barnes Point take their name from Paul Barnes who settled at Barnes Point in 1890.
 Mark West Creek is a 29.9-mile-long (48.1 km) stream that rises in the Mayacamas Mountains of Sonoma County California USA. Tributaries of Mark West Creek include Porter Creek and Hummingbird Creek both of which originate in the same mountain range. Discharge waters of Mark West Creek reach the Russian River after a confluence with the Laguna de Santa Rosa. The Community Clean Water Institute has developed a program for monitoring of pollutants in Mark West Creek.
 Fibiger is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar near side near the northern pole. The nearest major feature is the Byrd crater. The crater was adopted and named after Danish pathologist Johannes Andreas Grib Fibiger in 2009 by the IAU. Located just North of Fibiger are craters Erlanger and Peary which are 9.9 km and 73 km in diameter respectively.
 Atlasova (also known as Atlasov or Nylgimelkin) is a basaltic shield volcano situated in Kamchatka. It is named after Russian explorer Vladimir Atlasov.
 The Padina Șindileriei River is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania.
 Tanaga (Aleut: Kusuuginax̂) is a 5924-foot (1806 m) stratovolcano in the Aleutian Range of the U.S. state of Alaska. There have been three known eruptions since 1763. The most recent was in 1914 and produced lava flows.
 The Cetea River is a tributary of the Galda River in Romania.
 Thurn Pass (el. 1274 m.) is a high mountain pass in Austria in the Kitzbühel Alps. It connects Kitzbühel in Tyrol with Mittersill in Salzburg.There are several chairlifts and T-bar lifts at the pass. A gondola lift connecting Hollersbach im Pinzgau with the ski resort of the Thurn Pass opened in December 2005. In 2005 The Gondola connected The Hollersbach area to the Kitzbühel ski area.
 The Falcău River is a tributary of the Calul River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Rareşu and Moara Dracului
 Little Red Water Lake is located in Highlands County Florida 0.33 miles (0.53 km) northeast of Lake Sebring and about the same distance south of Lake Joe. This lake is a natural freshwater lake that is very irregularly shaped. It has a 313.34-acre (1268000 m2) surface area. It is very marshy in spots; the northwest portion of the lake is almost entirely marsh.The entire north side of the lake is lined with residential housing and parts of the lake are bordered by citrus groves.
 Beeston Beck is a minor watercourse in the north of the County Of Norfolk.
 The Laba (Russian: Лаба Laba; Adyghe and Kabardian: Лабэжъ Labez̄) is a river in Karachay-Cherkessia Adygea and Krasnodar Krai of Russia. It is a tributary of the Kuban River which it at Ust-Labinsk). It is formed by the confluence of the Bolshaya Laba River and the Malaya Laba River (Малая Лаба Malaja Laba; Лабэжьый Labez̄yj). It is used for irrigation and timber floating. It is also suitable for rafting.
 Rattlesnake Lake is a lake in King County Washington located in Rattlesnake Mountain Scenic Area some 30 miles (48 km) east of Seattle.
 Marbach (Mergbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Mount Wister (11495 ft or 3504 m) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is located 5 miles (8.0 km) west of Taggart Lake and to the south of Avalanche Canyon.The mountain is named after famed author Owen Wister an early visitor to the area. Mount Wister was first climbed by Phil Smith in 1928.
 The Nucu River is a tributary of the Bălăneasa River in Romania.
 The Mundo is river in south-eastern Spain. It originates slightly south of Riópar in the mountain plateau Calar del Mundo. From there it flows towards Riopar and then westwards until it joins the Segura south of Hellín.The Mundo has a length of 150 km and a drainage area of 766 km2. The river receives most of its tributaries including the Rio de la Vega the Rio de los Vadillos and the Rio de Bogarra during its upper course and only the Arroyo de Tobarra its lower course.
 Arcas is a crater on Jupiter's moon Callisto measuring 60 km across. This an example of a central pit impact crater. A smaller crater near Arcas is called Ginandy.The crater is named after Arcas the son of Callisto in Greek mythology.
 The Doubs (French pronunciation: ​[du]) is a 453 km long river in eastern France and western Switzerland left tributary of the Saône. Its source is near Mouthe in the western Jura mountains.First it flows northeast more or less along the French-Swiss border (forming the border for approx. 40 km). Near Montbéliard it turns southwest until it flows into the river Saône in Verdun-sur-le-Doubs approx. 20 km northeast of Chalon-sur-Saône.
 The Tarzan River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Jefferson Park Glacier is located in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range on the northwest slopes of Mount Jefferson. Jefferson Park Glacier is situated at an elevation between 7700 and 9500 ft (2300 and 2900 m).
 Blue Lake (Tlingit: Gajook Héen Yik.áayi) is a 3 miles (4.8 km) long reservoir located 6 miles (9.7 km) east of the town of Sitka on the west side of Baranof Island in the Alexander Archipelago of Southeast Alaska.
 Šance Dam also known as devils thumb (Czech: Vodní nádrž Šance) is a water reservoir and dam in the Moravian-Silesian Beskids mountain range Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. The dam is built on upper course of the Ostravice River and has a surface of 3.37 km². It was constructed in 1964-1969 and began operating in 1974. Part of the village of Staré Hamry was demolished and subsequently flooded during the construction.
 The Heart River is a tributary of the Missouri River approximately 180 mi (290 km) long in western North Dakota in the United States.
 Mount Sannosawa (三ノ沢岳 Sannosawa-dake) is amongst the Kiso Mountains located in the Kiso District Nagano Prefecture in the Chūbu region of Japan. It is 2846 m (9337 ft) tall. It is composed of Granite and has a 120 m (394 ft) long 30 m (98 ft) wide cirque covered in dense vegetation mainly pine trees. There is the Sannosawa cirque. Glacial expansion has created a gully just underneath the cirque. A lot of Alpine plant grow naturally.
 The South Fork Eel River is the largest tributary of the Eel River in north-central California in the United States. The river flows 105 miles (169 km) north from Laytonville to Dyerville/Founders' Grove where it joins the Eel River. The South Fork drains a long and narrow portion of the Coast Range of California in parts of Mendocino and Humboldt counties. U.S.
 The Cabarita River is a river of Jamaica.
 The Palacios River is a river of Bolivia.
 The Zizinaș River is a tributary of the Zizin River in Romania.
 Otterhead Lakes are a pair of reservoirs in the Blackdown Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty south of Otterford in Somerset England. They are fed by the River Otter and managed by the Otterhead Estate Trust Company Limited working with the Somerset Wildlife Trust on behalf of Wessex Water.
 Piz Riein is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps situated south-east of Ilanz in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the valleys of Lumnezia and Safien named Cadeina dil Signina.
 The Leaotu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Gaeinsan is a mountain in the counties of Inje and Hongcheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1341 m (4400 ft).
 East Branch Fishing Creek is a tributary of West Branch Fishing Creek (which is in turn a tributary of Fishing Creek) in Columbia County and Sullivan County Pennsylvania in the United States. It is 4.4 miles (7.1 km) long. The stream and its tributaries are acidic and contain aluminum. The area in the vicinity was first settled in the late 1700s.
 The Bystry Canal (Polish: Kanał Bystry [ˈkanau̯ bɨstrɨ]) is a feeder canal for the Augustów Canal which was built during the 19th century in the present-day Podlaskie Voivodeship of northeastern Poland (then the Augustów Voivodeship of the Kingdom of Poland).
 Schwarzsee is a lake at Laret between Davos and Klosters in the Grisons Switzerland. It is located at an elevation of 1504 m.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Cracker Creek Cone is a small cinder cone in northwestern British Columbia. A large lava flow that partly filled Ruby Creek may have originated from this cone. The lower west side of the cone appears to be partly covered by glacial till suggesting that the cone is older than the most recent glacial advances down Ruby Creek. Cracker Creek Cone is in the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province and is one of the three young volcanic cones in the Atlin Volcanic Field.
 The Nadeș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Lower Rivington Reservoir is at the end of the Rivington chain of reservoirs in Lancashire with Upper Rivington Reservoir to the north and Rivington Water Treatment Works to the south.The engineer for the Rivington reservoirs was Thomas Hawksley and construction took place between 1852 and 1857. The Lower Rivington reservoir has two dams the 646 metre long 12.2 metre high Millstone Embankment and Horwich Embankment which is 506 metres long and 18.6m high.
 The Choc River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 The Keweenaw Waterway is a partly natural partly artificial waterway which cuts across the Keweenaw Peninsula of Michigan; it separates Copper Island from the mainland. Parts of the waterway are variously known as the Keweenaw Waterway Portage Canal Portage Lake Canal Portage River Lily Pond Torch Lake and Portage Lake.
 The Izvoarele River is a tributary of the Podriga River in Romania.
 Mittelradde is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Beare Sound (variant: Beares Sound) is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. It is located in eastern Frobisher Bay off the southern tip of Baffin Island's Blunt Peninsula.Martin Frobisher named the sound after James Beare principal surveyor of the 1577/78 Frobisher expedition.
 Sheldon Reservoir is a reservoir on Carpenters Bayou in the San Jacinto River basin 16 miles (26 km) east of downtown Houston Texas. The reservoir was created in 1943 when the federal government built a dam to provide fresh water for shipbuilding and shipping industries on the Houston Ship Channel during World War II. After the war management of the reservoir was assumed by the City of Houston.
 The Bratu River is a tributary of the Năjila River in Romania.
 Rudakov (Russian: Рудаков) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Urup Island Kuril Islands Russia. The volcano has a 700 metres (2300 ft) wide crater which contains a 300 m (1000 ft) wide crater lake.
 The Isentällispitz (2873 m) is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located on the border between Austria and Switzerland. The closest locality is Klosters on the Swiss side.
 Lake Fondi (Italian: Lago di Fondi Latin: Lacus Fundanus Lacus Amyclanus) is a brackish lake about 90 km (56 mi) to the southeast of Rome in the Province of Latina Lazio Italy in the region called Sud or South Pontino the western end of which is the Piana di Fondi Plain of Fondi. The plain is a basin below the arc of the Monti Ausoni and the Monti Lepini.
 The River Hayle (Cornish: Heyl meaning estuary) is a small river in west Cornwall UK which issues into St Ives Bay at Hayle on Cornwall's Atlantic coast.The River Hayle is approx 12 miles (19 kilometres) long and it rises south-west of Crowan village. Its course is west for approx 5 miles (which brings the river to within 3 miles of the south coast at Marazion on Mount's Bay).
 The Abruzel River is a tributary of the Abrud River in Romania.
 Pine Creek is a tributary of the Allegheny River located in Allegheny County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 The Prisaca River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 The Valea Mărului River is a tributary of the Rusca River in Romania.
 The Valea Cerii River is a tributary of the Săucani River in Romania.
 The Höhronen (1229 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Zurich and Zug. It lies approximately halfway between Lake Zurich and Lake Ägeri.West of a secondary summit named Wildspitz (1205 m) is located the tripoint between the cantons of Zurich Zug and Schwyz. The tripoint located at a height of 1186 metres is marked by a stone named Dreiländerstein.
 Crystal Lake is a village census-designated place and part of the town of Ellington Connecticut in Tolland County Connecticut United States. The population was 1459 at the 2000 census.
 Hohenhewen is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Isthaberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Solleks River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. It is a tributary of the Clearwater River which in turn flows into the Queets River.The Solleks River is 10.7 miles (17.2 km) long. Its drainage basin is 15.9 square miles (41 km2) in area.
 Pielavesi is a large lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area in Northern Savonia Finland. It is situated in the municipality of Pielavesi.
 The Buzunosu River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 The Virginia Mountains is an irregular mountain range entirely in Washoe County Nevada that generally extends north-northwest to south-southeast for 22 miles (35 km).The range is bordered by Astor Pass and Terraced Hills to the north Pyramid Lake to the east Mullen Pass and the Pah Rah Range to the south and Honey Lake Valley Winnemucca Valley and Dogskin Mountain on the west.
 Ndeumba River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Great Ravine River is a river of Grenada.
 The Nipissing River is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in the Unorganized South Part of Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario Canada. The river is entirely within Algonquin Provincial Park and is a left tributary of the Petawawa River.
 Annursnac Hill is located in Concord Massachusetts. It is the highest point in the town at 361 ft. Early settlers herded swine near the base of the hill and referred to the area as the “hog pens.” Harvard University purchased the land in 1949 for antenna research. 118 acres were bought by the Town of Concord in 1970. Part of the area was developed into private residences while a majority of the land north of the hill became conservation land.
 The Montgomerie River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows southwest from the Victoria Range to reach the Waitahu River 12 kilometres east of Reefton. The river's entire length is within Victoria Forest Park.
 Solar Lake (Arabic: بركة الشمس‎ Birkat aš-Šams) is a saline desert lake located on the edge of the Red Sea about 18 km south of Eilat in the Sinai Peninsula Taba Egypt close to its borders with Israel. A small lake of high salinity it is the site of complex biochemical phenomena linked to cycles of evaporation and of infiltration of waters. Solar Lake became isolated from the Red Sea as littoral sediments closed off an embayment between two rocky headlands.
 Mount Donner is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 15 km (9 mi) southeast of Gold River and 2 km (1 mi) north of Mount Kent-Urquhart.
 Armuthsbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ioffe is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south of the walled plain Hertzsprung and is attached to the southwestern outer rim of Fridman. Only a short stretch of terrain separates Ioffe from Belopol'skiy to the southeast.This is a relatively youthful crater with a well-defined outer rim and a terraced inner wall. Nevertheless the outer rim has been marked by subsequent impacts. A smaller crater lies along the rim edge where Ioffe is joined to Fridman.
 Rumer Hill Junction (grid reference SJ991090) was a canal junction on the Cannock Extension Canal where the Churchbridge Branch left to join the Hatherton Canal. The junction along with the northern section of the canal was abandoned in 1963. The Churchbridge Branch and Rumer Hill Junction were subsequently obliterated by opencast mining.
 The Leurda River is a tributary of the Crişul Pietros in Romania.
 Aizkorri or Aitzgorri (pronounced [aisˈkori] meaning in Basque 'bare stone' literally 'red stone') is a massif the highest one of the Basque Autonomous Community (Spain) with 1551 m AMSL at its highest point (peak Aitxuri meaning 'white stone').
 The Porcu River is a tributary of the Tărâia river in Romania.
 Pizzo Zerna is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 S Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the east slopes of Hurry-up Peak. S Glacier is disconnected in several spots. The uppermost sections terminate in icefalls while the lower section ends in talus. Total descent of the glacier is from 7600 to 5500 ft (2300 to 1700 m). Yawning Glacier lies .75 mi (1.21 km) to the north.
 The Fitzroy River is located in the West Kimberley region of Western Australia.
 Gölem Monte Guglielmo is a mountain of Lombardy Italy It has an elevation of 1957 metres.
 Korovin Volcano is the highest point on Atka Island in the Aleutian Islands chain Alaska USA. Korovin is a side vent to the main Atka shield volcano. However Korovin is the highest point on the island.
 The Mazomba River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Greenvale Reservoir is an off-stream water storage dam in northern Melbourne Victoria Australia. It is situated in the upper Yuroke Creek catchment the major tributary of the Moonee Ponds Creek. It is in the north of the suburb of Greenvale and to the west of Roxburgh Park.The Greenvale Reservoir Park contains picnic tables a playground and barbecues and is managed by Parks Victoria. It lies to the south and west of the dam.
 Drysdale River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.The river rises in the Caroline Ranges flows in a northerly direction and discharges into Napier Broome Bay near Kalumburu.
 The Kleiner Rettenstein is a 2216 metre high mountain in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It lies in the Kitzbühel Alps roughly east of its larger brother the Großer Rettenstein.
 The Osen (Russian: Осень) is a river in Bezhetsky District of Tver Oblast in Russia. It is a major right tributary of the Mologa River. It is 8.7 kilometres (5.4 mi) long and the area of its basin is 3210 square kilometres (1240 sq mi).The source of the Osen is located in Tver Oblast close to the village of Pereuz. The Osen is formed by two rivers the Mogocha and the Melecha both of which has a length close to 100 kilometres (62 mi).
 Bacino di Val Malvaglia (or Lago di Malvaglia) is a lake above Malvaglia in the canton of Ticino Switzerland. The reservoir's surface area is 0.19 km2. Its arch dam was built in 1959 and is operated by Officine Idroelettriche di Blenio SA (Ofible).
 Red Eagle Glacier is a glacier remnant (glacieret) in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacieret is a hanging glacier located to the southeast of Mount Logan and Logan Glacier. Between 1966 and 2005 Red Eagle Glacier lost 53 percent of its surface area and now covers less than 25 acres (0.10 km2) which is below the threshold to qualify as an active glacier.
 The Iron Gates (Arabic: البيبان‎ known in French as Défilé des Bibans or Porte de Fer) are a mountain pass in the Bibans in Algeria. They gave their name to the Biban Range.
 The Sennkogel is a mountain in the Schnalskamm group of the Ötztal Alps. Originally bearing the name 3rd Kreuzköpfe the first ascendant E.J. Häberlin from Frankfurt am Main suggested to rename it after Franz Senn who had made many first ascents in the Ötztal Alps in the 1860s including the neighboring Fineilspitze and Kreuzspitze and the Fluchtkogel Mutmalspitze Firmisanschneide Spiegelkogel and Weißseespitze.
 Loki Patera is the largest volcanic depression on Jupiter's moon Io 202 kilometres (126 mi) in diameter. It contains an active lava lake with an episodically overturning crust. The level of activity seen is similar to a superfast spreading mid-ocean ridge on Earth.
 Salinenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Sutlepa meri is a lake of Estonia.
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Plai River in Romania.
 Static Peak is a mountain peak in the Colorado State Forest State Park in the Never Summer Mountain Range.It is located in a chain of peaks and lies between Nokhu Crags to the north and Mount Richthofen to the south. To the east lies the shallow basins of Snow Lake and to the west the mountain descends directly into the deep waters of Lake Agnes.
 Sur is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Point Pleasant Creek is a tributary of Middle Island Creek 10.4 miles (16.7 km) long in northwestern West Virginia in the United States.
 Lac La Belle (French: beautiful lake) is the name given to both a lake and a small unincorporated community in Keweenaw County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The town was originally the site of a stamping plant for the copper mines of the Keweenaw specifically the Mendota Mine and the Delaware Mine. Copper-bearing rock was transported from the mines to the stamping plant where it was processed and loaded onto freighters.
 Grímsvötn (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈkrimsvœʰtn̥]; vötn = waters singular: vatn) is a volcano in South-East Iceland. It is in the highlands of Iceland at the northwestern side of the Vatnajökull ice-cap. The caldera is at 64°25′N 17°20′W at an elevation of 1725 m (5659 ft).
 The body of water called Lake Placid is in the Adirondack Mountains in northern New York in the United States of America. The lake is approximately 2170 acres (8.8 km2) and has an average depth of about 50 feet (15 m). It is located in the towns of North Elba and St. Armand both in Essex County.The lake which borders the northern part of the village of Lake Placid New York is a source of drinking water for the town and maintaining water quality in the lake is a major local issue.
 High Crag stands at the southern end of the High Stile ridge which divides the valleys of Ennerdale and Buttermere in the west of the English Lake District. It is often climbed as part of a popular ridge walk from Black Sail youth hostel or from Buttermere via Scarth Gap. Panoramas of the Great Gable and the Scafells are visible.
 The Siffleur River is a short river rising in the Canadian Rockies in western Alberta. The Siffleur River is an early tributary of the North Saskatchewan River.The river begins between Devon Mountain and Clearwater Mountain at Clearwater Pass. The Siffleur is then joined by Dolomite Creek (flowing from Isabella Lake) and the Escarpment River. After plummeting over Siffleur Falls the Siffleur River joins the North Saskatchewan River before Lake Abraham.
 The McKay Range is a small low mountain range in northwestern British Columbia Canada located on the southern coast of Graham Island in the Queen Charlotte Islands. It has an area of 60 km2 and consists of hills. It is a subrange of the Queen Charlotte Mountains which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Mount Holyoke a traprock mountain elevation 935 feet (285 m) is the western-most peak of the Holyoke Range and part of the 100-mile (160 km) Metacomet Ridge. The mountain is located in the Connecticut River Valley of western Massachusetts and is the namesake of nearby Mount Holyoke College. The mountain is located in the towns of Hadley and South Hadley Massachusetts. It is known for its historic summit house auto road scenic vistas and biodiversity.
 Mamasa River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Sadang River.
 Bennett Peak elevation 13209 ft (4026 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains of southern Colorado. The peak in the Rio Grande National Forest is the highest point in Rio Grande County.
 The Sitka Channel is a strait that separates Japonski Island from Baranof Island in Alaska.The Sitka Channel or more commonly referred to as simply The Channel by locals is a notable feature of Sitka Alaska that separates vital portions of infrastructure located on the peripheral Japonski Island from the rest of the community. Until 1972 the commute was only achievable through a ferry service but in that year the John O'Connell Bridge was constructed (named after John W.
 Konstanzer Ach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Delsjön consist of two coherent lakes Stora Delsjön and Lilla Delsjön located in eastern Gothenburg in the Delsjöområdet nature reserve. They serve as a reservoir for the city receiving water from the Göta River. At the shore of Stora Delsjön there is a popular beach.
 The Crasna River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Neustädter See is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 33.4 m its surface area is 1.29 km².
 The Dobra River ( Hungarian: Dobra-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Ouachita River (/ˈwɑːʃɨtɑː/ WAH-shi-tah) is a 605-mile-long (974 km) river that runs south and east through the U.S. states of Arkansas and Louisiana joining the Tensas River to form the Black River near Jonesville Louisiana. It is the 25th longest river in the United States (by main stem).
 Lake Hayes is a small lake in the Wakatipu Basin in Central Otago in New Zealand's South Island. It is located close to the towns of Arrowtown and Queenstown.The southern end of the lake is close to State Highway 6 while the western side is bordered by Slope Hill.
 The Grand River is the longest river in the U.S. state of Michigan. It runs 252 miles (406 km) through the cities of Jackson Eaton Rapids Lansing Grand Ledge Portland Ionia Lowell Grand Rapids and Grand Haven. Native Americans who lived along the river before the arrival of the French and British called the river O-wash-ta-nong meaning Far-away-water because of its length.
 Vrutci Lake(Serbian: Језеро Врутци) is an artificial lake partly in the municipalities of Užice in Serbia. The lake was created by damming the Đetinja River near the village of Vrutci. The lake was created with the purpose of supplying water to the city of Užice. The lake consists of clean and clear water and fish stocks. In December 2013 the defective bacterial algae appeared in the lake which has banned the use of lead except for sanitation purposes.
 The Prandi is a 25 km (16 mi) long river in Järva County Estonia. Its source is Prandi Allikajärv in Prandi village Koigi Parish. It is a left tributary of the Pärnu into which it flows near Särevere in Vilita. The basin area of Prandi is 285 km².
 Chatzenstrick Pass (el. 1053 m.) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the canton of Schwyz in Switzerland.It connects Einsiedeln and Altmatt and was a route of pilgrimage to the abbey at Einsiedeln.
 The Whitestone River is a river in New Zealand a tributary of the Mararoa River. It has been identified as an Important Bird Area by BirdLife International because it supports breeding colonies of the endangered Black-billed Gull.
 Uhlenbach (Werre) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Hitziger Lochgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Höchhand (1314 m) is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps located north of Goldingen in the canton of St. Gallen.
 The Arșița River is a tributary of the Șișești River in Romania.
 The River Wingham is a tributary of the Little Stour in Kent England.The river runs from its source near Ash west through Wingham to the Little Stour.
 Uruá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil. The river is located between the Negro River and the Amazon River. The river has been tested for populations of giant otter.
 Råån is a river in Sweden.
 The Scoaba Seacă River is a tributary of the Râul Alb in Romania.
 Belaya River (Russian: Белая) is a river in the center of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 30 km in length. The Belaya River originates in the Lake Bolshoy Vudjavr and flows into the Lake Imandra.
 Long Pond is a lake within the towns of Lakeville and Freetown in southeastern Massachusetts. It shares its waters with Assawompset Pond. These lakes provide a source of drinking water to the city of New Bedford the largest city in southeastern Massachusetts. Long Pond is roughly one mile wide by four miles long and contains three islands within its boundaries.
 Stromboli (Sicilian: Struògnuli Ancient Greek: Στρογγύλη Strongulē) is a small island in the Tyrrhenian Sea off the north coast of Sicily containing one of the three active volcanoes in Italy. It is one of the eight Aeolian Islands a volcanic arc north of Sicily. This name is derived from the Ancient Greek name Strongulē which was given to it because of its round swelling form. The island's population is between 400 and 850.
 The Valea cu Cireși River is a tributary of the Ozunca River in Romania.
 Grindsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Razgrad Peak (Vrah Razgrad \'vr&h 'raz-grad\) is an ice-covered peak rising to 550 m in Breznik Heights Greenwich Island Antarctica. The peak is located 740 m southeast of Terter Peak 1.7 km southwest of Momchil Peak 2.7 km west of the summit of Viskyar Ridge and 1.51 km north-northeast of the coastal point formed by Ephraim Bluff (Bulgarian topographic survey Tangra 2004/05). An eastern offshoot of the peak is forming Maystora Peak.
 Copinula River (Rio Copinula) is a medium stream in the Sonsonate department of El Salvador which has moderate to large quantities of fresh water year round especially from early May through October.A stream with a similar name Copinulapa River (Rio Copinulapa) is also located in El Salvador near the municipality of Nombre de Jesús in the Chalatenango department. This stream is a tributary of the Lempa River at 14.001576°N 88.710078°W﻿ / 14.001576; -88.710078.
 The Kaipara River drains the area to the northwest of Auckland New Zealand. It flows north from the northern foothills of the Waitakere Ranges meandering past the town of Helensville. It is joined by the Kaukapakapa River in its lower tidal reaches shortly before entering the southern Kaipara Harbour. The River is brown in colour as its waters are rich in sediments washed in from the soft Miocene to Quaternary sediments within its catchment.
 Tuxbury Pond is a lake which straddles the Massachusetts-New Hampshire border abutting the towns of Amesbury Massachusetts and South Hampton New Hampshire. It is located along the Powwow River. It has two islands in the middle and a large summer camp resort lies along the Massachusetts shore.
 The North Cormorant River is a 39.1-mile-long (62.9 km) tributary of the Blackduck River of Minnesota in the United States. It joins the Blackduck River shortly upstream of that river's mouth at Red Lake the largest natural lake entirely within Minnesota.
 The Ogașu Babei is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 The Pinnacle (French: Le Pinacle) is a mountain in Frelighsburg Quebec Canada. The mountain has an elevation of 712 metres (2336 ft) and covers an area of 22 square kilometres (8.5 sq mi).The Pinnacle was originally inhabited by the Abenaki tribe and is considered one of the few remaining unspoiled mountains in southwestern Quebec.
 The Conestogo River is a river in Waterloo Region and Wellington County in Southwestern Ontario Canada. It is in the Lake Erie Basin and joins the Grand River as a right tributary at the community of Conestogo.A dam built on the river for flood control formed Conestogo Lake which covers an area of about 23 square kilometres. A conservation area operated by the Grand River Conservation Authority is located on this lake.
 Corinda Los Trancos Creek (Spanish for surrendering skips creek) is a 1.6-mile-long (2.6 km) stream in San Mateo County California which is a tributary of Pilarcitos Creek.
 Kocher is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the southern pole. The crater is located Southeast of the Ashbrook and Drygalski craters. Kocher was adopted and named after Swiss physician Emil Kocher by the IAU in 2009.
 Laguna Pistola is a lake in the Santa Cruz Department Bolivia. Its surface area is 33.52 km² and a shore length of 25.9 km.
 Rattlesnake Mountain (Native American name Lalíik meaning land above the water) is a 3527 ft (1060 m) windswept treeless sub-alpine ridge overlooking the Hanford nuclear site.
 Mount Coree (formerly known as Pabral) is a mountain with an elevation of 1421 metres (4662 ft) AHD  that is located within the Brindabella Range on the border between the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales Australia. The summit of the mountain is located in the Australian Capital Territory.
 Monte Caucaso is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the province of Genoa. It lies at an altitude of 1245 metres.
 Horne Lake is located west of Qualicum Beach. Named after Adam Grant Horne Hudson's Bay Company storekeeper at Nanaimo who 'discovered' this lake in 1856.
 The Paturau River (sometimes spelt Patarau) is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. One of the northernmost rivers in the South Island it flows predominantly north from its sources in the Wakamarama Range to reach the Tasman Sea 20 kilometres west of Collingwood.
 The Saddle Mountains consists of an upfolded anticline ridge of basalt in Grant County of central Washington state. The ridge reaching to 2700 feet terminates in the east south of Othello Washington near the foot of the Drumheller Channels. It continues to the west where it is broken at Sentinel Gap (a water gap through which the Columbia River passes) before ending in the foothills of the Cascade Mountains.
 The Găunoșița River is a tributary of the Găunoasa River in Romania.
 The Gulf of Venice is a gulf that borders modern-day Italy Slovenia and Croatia and is at the north of the Adriatic Sea between the delta of the Po river in northern Italy and the Istria peninsula in Croatia.
 Lake Helen is a glacial lake or a tarn occupying a cirque at around 8200 feet (2500 m) in Lassen Volcanic National Park. The lake is located to the south of Lassen Peak and west of Bumpass Mountain in the Shasta Cascades region of Northern California. Highway 89 runs along the lake's southern and eastern shore. The lake is named for Helen Tanner Brodt who in 1864 became the first woman to reach the summit of Lassen Peak.
 Djupeskardnosi is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Poker Brown Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County Nevada.
 Parakrama Samudra (or Parakrama's sea or the Sea of King Parakrama) is a shallow reservoir consisting of three separate reservoirs connected by narrow channels in Polonnaruwa Sri Lanka.
 Purple Mountain el. 8392 feet (2558 m) is a mountain peak in the southern section of the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park. The Purple Mountain Trail ascends to the summit from Madison Junction.
 Heglach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Bald Mountain is a peak in the western Uinta Mountain Range. It is an easy hike from Bald Mountain Pass and has spectacular views of the surrounding areas. The mountain is home to mountain goats pika and many species of wildflowers.Because Bald Mountain is a relatively easy hike it is among the most popular major mountain hikes in Utah. The hike to the summit can be completed in 2 to 3 hours round trip. The trail gains 1250 feet (381 m) of elevation in 2 miles (3 km).
 Heimgarten (elevation 1790 metres/5870 ft) is a mountain near Ohlstadt in the Bavarian Prealps of southern Germany. It is connected via a ridge with Herzogstand (1731 metres/5679 ft) to the east.
 Feldberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Càrn nan Gobhar is a Scottish mountain situated on the northern side of Loch Mullardoch in the upper part of Glen Cannich. It stands some 50 kilometres west-southwest of the city of Inverness in a remote group of four Munros informally known as “The Mullardochs” which form the high ground between Loch Mullardoch and Loch Monar.
 Solbjørnvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Flakstad in Nordland county Norway. The 5.02-square-kilometre (1.94 sq mi) lake is located on the northern part of the island of Moskenesøya less than 900 metres (3000 ft) west of the European route E10 highway.
 Bever (Weser) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Corrente River (Bahia) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Big Quilcene River is a river on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises in the Buckhorn Wilderness near Marmot Pass south of Buckhorn Mountain and near Mount Constance. It flows generally east through the Olympic Mountains and the Olympic National Forest. After flowing south briefly the river is joined by Tunnel Creek and again flows east.
 Baba Mountain (Macedonian: Баба Планина/Baba Planina Greek: Βαρνούς/Varnous) or also known by the name of its highest peak Pelister or Peristeri (meaning pigeon in Greek) is a mountain massif between the Republic of Macedonia and Greece. The Pelister (or Peristeri) peak (2601 metres or 8533 feet) overlooks the city of Bitola. Baba Mountain is the third highest mountain in the Republic of Macedonia and the fifteenth highest mountain in Greece.
 The Semnița River is a tributary of the Moraviţa River in Romania.
 Hell is a lunar crater in the south of the Moon's near side within the western half of the enormous walled plain Deslandres. To the southeast also within Deslandres is the larger crater Lexell and about 9° to the south lies the prominent Tycho crater. The crater received its name in 1935 after the Hungarian astronomer and ordained Jesuit priest Maximilian Hell. It has 19 satellite craters with diameters ranging between about 3 and 22 km.
 The Pigeon River also known as the East Branch Pigeon River is a 37.9-mile-long (61.0 km) stream in Huron County in the Thumb of the U.S. state of Michigan.The stream rises from the confluence of Appin and Livingston drains in southern Sheridan Township. It flows north and west to empty into the Saginaw Bay of Lake Huron in Caseville
 The Hnilec (Hungarian: Gölnic) German: Göllnitz) is a river in Slovakia. Its source is located below the Kráľova hola hill. It flows into the Hornád river near Margecany. The Palcmanská Maša dam is located on the river near Dobšiná. Places of interest along the river include the Dobšinská Ice Cave and the Slovak Paradise.
 Richmond River a mature wave dominated barrier estuary is situated in the Northern Rivers district of New South Wales Australia.
 Middle Branch Reservoir is among the 12 reservoirs in New York City's Croton watershed. It is located in the Town of Southeast in Putnam County 35 miles (65 km) north of the city.It drains an area of 21 square miles (55 km²) reaching into Dutchess County.
 The Jakobshorn (2590 m) is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking Davos in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It is also one of the five skiing regions of the Davos Klosters Mountains offering 14 pistes. Located at the northern end of the range between the Dischmatal and Sertigtal the Jakobshorn is served by a two-part cable car running from Davos Platz. Once on the mountain there are three chairlifts one short cable car and one T-Bar.
 The Rubyiro River is a river in southwestern Rwanda that is a left-hand tributary of the Ruzizi River. It joins the Ruzizi which forms the boundary between Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) above the point where the Ruhwa River which forms the boundary between Rwanda and Burundi enters the Ruzizi.
 Black Butte Lake is an artificial lake located in Tehama and Glenn counties in California USA. The lake was formed from Stony Creek in 1963 upon the completion of Black Butte Dam by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The dam is located approximately 9 miles (14.5 km) west of Orland. At full pool the lake is 7 miles (11.3 km) long and has a shoreline of 40 miles (64.4 km) and a surface area of 4460 acres (18 km2).
 Andorsjøen (Southern Sami: Aantesjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Snåsa in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. Blåfjella–Skjækerfjella National Park borders the 4.25-square-kilometre (1.64 sq mi) lake to the south and east. The lake Store Øyingen lies about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) to the southwest.
 Lacy Lake is a small lake located east of Port Alberni British Columbia. It lies south east of Esary Lake. It is the main water supply for the Cherry Creek Improvement District.
 Piz Tschierva (3546 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps located south of Pontresina in the canton of Graubünden. It lies in the range that separates the valley of Roseg from the valley of Morteratsch north of Piz Bernina. Its summit is located within the valley of Roseg.Piz Tschierva lies between two glaciers named Vadret da Misaun (north) and Vadrettin da Tschierva (south). The much larger Tschierva Glacier is located at the southern foot of the mountain.
 The Ash River is a river of Minnesota.
 Pyramid Peak at 11628 feet (3544 m) above sea level is the 13th highest peak in the Pioneer Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest and Custer County. It is the 36th highest peak in Idaho and about 0.85 mi (1.37 km) northeast of Altair Peak.
 Mount Timpanogos sometimes informally referred to as Timp is the second highest mountain in Utah's Wasatch Range. Timpanogos rises to an elevation of 11752 ft (3582 m) above sea level in the Uinta-Wasatch-Cache National Forest. With 5270 feet of topographic prominence Timpanogos is the 47th-most prominent mountain in the contiguous United States.The mountain towers over Utah Valley including the cities of Lehi Provo Orem Pleasant Grove American Fork Lindon and others.
 The Eura River (Finnish: Eurajoki Swedish: Eura å) is a river in south-western Finland in Satakunta region. Its source is in the Lake Pyhäjärvi and the river flows trough the municipalities of Eura and Eurajoki before discharging into Bothnian Sea.Total length of Eura River is 53 kilometres (33 mi). It contains eleven rapids and three small hydroelectric power plants with an installed capacity of 01–05 MW.
 The Minto is the name of a lava flow located in Yukon that was erupted during the Holocene period in the Fort Selkirk Volcanic Field of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province.
 Ramsden is a lunar impact crater located on the western stretch of the Palus Epidemiarum. To the east-southeast is the crater Capuanus and to the north lies Dunthorne.The floor of the crater has been flooded with lava and contains several small impact craters. The rim is somewhat oval and irregular in outline with depressions at the north and south walls.
 Lake Mackintosh is a long lake running north-south past Mount Farrell adjacent to the town of Tullah. It dams the Mackintosh River and Sophia River then feeds Mackintosh Power Station through into Lake Rosebery.The lake was created in the 1980s and the main basin of the lake was originally a Button Grass swamp prior to inundation. Lake Mackintosh in held by 2 dams the main Mackintosh dam and the smaller Tullabardine Dam.
 The Dăbiș River is a headwater of the Comana River in Romania.
 The Lizonne (French: la Lizonne) also called Nizonne is a 60.5 km (37.6 mi) long river in the Dordogne and Charente départements southwestern France. Its source is near Morelière a hamlet in Sceau-Saint-Angel. It flows generally southwest. It is a right tributary of the Dronne into which it flows between Saint-Séverin and Allemans.Part of its course forms part of the border between the Dordogne and Charente départements.
 Mount Damāvand (Pronounced /dæmävænd/) (Persian: دماوند‎) is a potentially active volcano or Stratovolcano and the highest peak in Iran and has a special place in Persian mythology and folklore. It is located in the middle Alborz Range adjacent to Varārū Sesang Gol-e Zard and Mīānrūd and is the highest volcano in all of Asia.
 Ofterschwanger Horn is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Vetchinkin is an eroded lunar impact crater. It is located to the west-northwest of the huge walled plain Mendeleev on the far side of the Moon. To the west-northwest of Vetchinkin lies the crater Meshcherskiy and to the south-southeast lies Green.This crater is heavily worn and eroded and little remains of the original outer rim.
 {Böllat is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.de:Burgfelden#Geographie|Böllat is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.}
 Puiseux is the remnant of a lunar crater that has been almost completely submerged by lava. It is located near the southern end of Mare Humorum to the north east of the ruined crater Doppelmayer. To the south-southeast is Vitello. Of the original structure of Puiseux only the upper part of the rim remains above the mare surface. There are some small craterlets within the interior floor.
 Vasco da Gama is a lunar impact crater that is located near the western limb of the Moon. It is named for the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama. It lies to the south of the walled plain Einstein due south of Dalton. Attached to the southwestern rim of Vasco da Gama is the somewhat smaller crater Bohr.The northern and southern parts of the rim of Vasco da Gama have been heavily eroded by impacts with the western and eastern rims being more intact.
 Baga Bogd (Mongolian: Бага Богд lit. lesser saint) is a mountain of the Gobi-Altai Mountains and located in the Övörkhangai Province in Mongolia. Its highest peak Myangan Yamaat has an elevation of 3600 metres (11811 ft).
 Lake Büyükçekmece (Turkish: Büyükçekmece Gölü) is a liman formed at the point where the river Karasudere flows into the Marmara Sea. Located in the south of Çatalca district west of Istanbul Turkey it is used as a freshwater reservoir.The lake's bar was reinforced in 1988 by a dam. The area of the lake is 28.47 km2 (10.99 sq mi) it is 7 km (4.3 mi) long and 2 km (1.2 mi) wide.
 The Pilões River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Kimsachata or Kimsa Chata (Aymara and Quechua kimsa three Pukina chata mountain three mountains hispanicized spelling Quinsachata) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 3700 metres (12139 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Canchis Province between the districts San Pedro and Tinta. Kimsachata lies about 1.7 km northeast of the archaeological site Raqch'i.
 The Kahutara River is a river of New Zealand's South Island. It flows southeast from the Seaward Kaikoura Range reaching the Pacific Ocean at the tiny settlement of Peketa seven kilometres southwest of Kaikoura.
 The Lupoaia River is a tributary of the Vedița River in my pants.
 The Black Rock Range is a mountain range in northwestern Nevada. It is named for Black Rock Point which is located at the southern end of the range. The Black Rock Range divides the Black Rock Desert into eastern and western arms. Pahute Peak also known as Big Mountain is the highest point in the range at 8566 feet (2611 m) above sea level.The majority of the range is part of the Black Rock Desert-High Rock Canyon Emigrant Trails National Conservation Area.
 The Do Peixe River (Tietê River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Pogue's Run is a creek starting on the eastside of Indianapolis which eventually ends up running through aqueducts beneath the downtown area. It is named for George Pogue who along with John Wesley McCormick founded what would become the city of Indianapolis.
 The Acheron (Ancient Greek: Ἀχέρων (Acheron) or Ἀχερούσιος (Acherusius); Modern Greek: Αχέροντας (Acherontas)) is a river located in the Epirus region of northwest Greece. Its source is near the village Zotiko in the southwestern part of the Ioannina regional unit it flows into the Ionian Sea in Ammoudia near Parga.
 The Urup (Russian: Уруп) is a river in the North Caucasus. It is a left tributary of the Kuban River which it joins at Armavir.
 The Gartempe is a French river 205 kilometres long. It is a left tributary of the Creuse River which it joins in La Roche-Posay.
 Amrum Bank (German: Amrumbank) is a bank in the North Sea approximately 54 km from Amrum island and 60 km from Heligoland.
 Drmanovina (Serbian Cyrillic: Дрмановина) is a mountain in western Serbia near the town of Kosjerić. Its highest peak Grad has an elevation of 1022 m (3353 ft) above sea level.
 The Jordanshöhe is a mountain in the Harz in central Germany. It lies north of the town of Sankt Andreasberg in the district of Goslar in Lower Saxony. To the west is the Kuppe. On the mountain there is the Jordanshöhe youth hostel and the Jordanshöhe nature trail (Gesteinskundlichen Lehrpfad Jordanshöhe).
 The Coacăzul River is a tributary of the Boulețul Mic River in Romania.
 Angle Lake is an L-shaped lake in SeaTac Washington United States occupying 90 acres (36 ha) between Interstate 5 and State Route 99. On the western shore is a 10-acre (4.0 ha) park Angle Lake Park administered by the City of SeaTac Parks and Recreation department. The remainder of the shoreline is ringed with private homes.The lake is stocked with rainbow trout by the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife.
 Chew Reservoir is a reservoir at the head of the Chew Valley in the South Pennines part of the Peak District in Greater Manchester England. Completed in 1912 the reservoir was the highest constructed in England at 1600 feet (488 m) above sea level until the Cow Green Reservoir in the North Pennines in Teesside was completed in 1971. The reservoir is connected to the larger Dovestone Reservoir further down the Chew Valley by a stream called the Chew Brook.
 Seebach (Unstrut) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Hebgen Lake is a lake located in Southwest Montana and is created by Hebgen Dam. It is well known for the 1959 Hebgen Lake earthquake (magnitude 7.1 to 7.5) which occurred nearby on August 17 1959 forming Quake Lake which is located immediately downstream.
 The Alid Volcano is a stratovolcano located in the Northern Red Sea region of Eritrea in the Danakil Depression. The peak elevation from its base is 904 m. The volcano's most recent activity was identified in 1928 when it emitted smoke.
 Clough Head is a fell in the English Lake District. It is the northernmost top of the Helvellyn range in the Eastern Fells standing to the south of Threlkeld and the A66.
 Logan Pass (elevation 6646 ft (2026 m)) is located along the Continental Divide in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. It is the highest point on the Going-to-the-Sun Road.The Logan Pass Visitor Center is open during the summer season just east of the pass. The pass is a popular starting point for hiking and backpacking trips.
 White Salmon Glacier is located on Mount Adams in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier starts southwest of the summit crater at an elevation of 11600 ft (3500 m). Ice flows southwest downhill until the glacier's terminus at about 9600 ft (2900 m) elevation. The glacier also contributes ice to the much larger Avalanche Glacier at an elevation of 10200 ft (3100 m). White Salmon Glacier has decreased in surface area by 86 percent between 1904 and 2006.
 The Baudó River (Spanish: Río Baudó Spanish pronunciation: [ˈri.o βauˈðo];) is a river of Colombia. It drains into the Pacific Ocean.
 Guishan Island or Steep Island or Turtle Island (Chinese: 龜山島; Hanyu Pinyin: Guīshāndǎo; Tongyong Pinyin: Gueishandǎo; Wade–Giles: Kuei1-shan1-tao3; literally Turtle Mountain Island) also known as Kueishan Island is an island in the Pacific Ocean currently administered under Toucheng Township Yilan County Taiwan and located 9.1 km (5.7 mi) east of port of Gengfang Fishery Harbor. The island is the top of an andesite stratovolcano which rises from the seafloor.
 The Sibola Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges located north of Tahtsa Lake in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Seweweekspoortpiek (Afrikaans for ‘Seven Weeks Defile Peak’) is a peak in the Western Cape South Africa. It is the highest mountain in the Cape Fold Belt and the highest point in the Western Cape province. Along with its western neighbor Du Toits Peak it qualifies as an Ultra and these are the only two in the western part of the country.It is located in the Klein Swartberg range close to the Seweweekspoort mountain pass.
 Ziese is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 South Amber Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Boulder Mountains in Sawtooth National Recreation Area. While no trails lead to the lake it is most easily accessed from trail 146. The lake is located south of North Amber Lake but in a separate sub-drainage.
 The Duna River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Medway River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest then north from its sources in the Inland Kaikoura Range to meet the Awatere River 20 kilometres southwest of Seddon.
 Clinches Pond is a small lake in Moorebank New South Wales Australia.
 Bramstedter Beeke is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Emerald Lake is a small lake located nearby Lassen Peak in Lassen Volcanic National Park in Shasta County California.The lake is located about 0.3 mi (0.5 km) west of Lake Helen. Highway 89 runs along the eastern shore of the small lake.
 Dundas Lakes is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lagan is one of four main westcoast rivers in south-western Sweden besides Göta älv. It is with 244 kilometers one of the longest rivers in southern Sweden.It starts in Tahesjön outside Taberg in the municipality of Jönköping flows through Vaggeryd Värnamo and Ljungby and ends in the town of Mellbystrand in the municipality of Laholm.
 Iso-Pyhäntä is a medium-sized lake in northern Finland 15 km southeast of Ristijärvi settlement. It belongs to the Oulujoki main catchment area. It is located in the Kainuu region.
 Mount Korab (Albanian: Maja e Korabit or Mali i Korabit; Macedonian: Голем Кораб Golem Korab) is the highest mountain of Albania and the Republic of Macedonia its peak forming a frontier between the two countries. The peak lies adjacent to the Šar Mountains. In 2011 Albania proclaimed the area as part of the Korab-Koritnik Natural Park.Mount Korab is also pictured in the coat of arms of the Republic of Macedonia.
 Hortensius is a small bowl-shaped lunar impact crater that is located in the northern part of the Mare Insularum. It lies some distance to the west-southwest of the prominent crater Copernicus. Hortensius is circular and cup-shaped with a small floor at the midpoint of the sloping interior walls.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in White County Arkansas United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 184 feet (56 m).
 The Aiguille Noire de Peuterey (3773 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif in Italy forming part of the Peuterey ridge to the summit of Mont Blanc with its higher neighbour the Aiguille Blanche de Peuterey.The best-known route on the mountain is the south ridge (TD) first climbed by Karl Brendelet and Hermann Schaller on 26 and 27 August 1930; it remains one of the great classic rock routes in the massif.The first ascent of the complete Peuterey ridge including the Aiguille Noire de Peuterey (the Intégrale) was on 28–31 July 1934 by Adolf Göttner Ludwig Schmaderer and Ferdinand Krobath. 
 Bear River is the largest Pacific coastal drainage basin between the Mattole River and the Eel River. Bear River drains ranch pastures and forests of California Coast Ranges south of the Bear River Ridge extending easterly from False Cape along the False Cape shear zone of the Russ Fault.
 Mount Ginini is a mountain with an elevation of 1762 metres (5781 ft) AHD  in the Brindabella Ranges that is located on the border between the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales in Australia. The summit of the mountain is located within the ACT and is the third highest mountain in the Territory.The ACT portio of the mountain is located in Bimberi Nature Reserve and Namadgi National Park and the NSW portion in Kosciuszko National Park.
 The Râul Mărului is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Lake Laut Tawar (Indonesian: Danau Laut Tawar) is a lake in Aceh Indonesia. It is located at 4°36′43″N 96°55′25″E.
 Khangar (Russian: Хангар) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It is the southernmost volcano of the Sredinny Range. Its 2 km-wide caldera is now filled by a lake.
 The Cook River / Weheka is in the South Island of New Zealand. The headwaters are from the La Perouse Glacier on the western flanks of the Southern Alps and it flows west then northeast then northwest and into the Tasman Sea. Its tributaries include the Balfour River fed by the Balfour Glacier and the Fox River fed by the Fox Glacier.
 Silberschlag is a small circular Impact crater in the central portion of the Moon. It lies between the craters Agrippa to the southwest and Julius Caesar to the northeast. Silberschlag is bowl-shaped and is joined at the northern rim by a small ridge.Just to the north is the prominent Rima Ariadaeus a wide linear rille that runs toward the east-southeast. This cleft is about 220 kilometers in length and continues to the edge of Mare Tranquillitatis to the east.
 The Gaißa is a river in Bavaria southeastern Germany tributary of the Danube. It flows through the Bavarian Forest from North to South crosses Aicha vorm Wald and joins the Danube northwest of Passau. Thereby the river reaches a length of approximately 25 kilometres. Due to the nearby motorway much dirt was flushed into the water from time to time. Meanwhile its grade is B quality.
 Pikel'ner is an impact crater on the Moon's far side. It lies to the southeast of the larger crater Van der Waals and to the north of the Vallis Planck cleft. Pikel'ner overlies more than half of the satellite crater Pikel'ner Y to the north.
 The Richardson River is a waterway that flows into Richardson Bay Coronation Gulf in the northern Canadian territory of Nunavut. Its mouth is situated northwest of Kugluktuk Nunavut. The Rae River is 1.3 km (0.81 mi) away.The Richardson River is named in honor of Sir John Richardson a Scottish naval surgeon naturalist and arctic explorer of the region.
 Joryeongsan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1025 metres.
 The Badlands are a mountain range in Riverside County California. They are also known as the San Timoteo Badlands. The range trend northwest–southeast with the San Jacinto Valley to the southwest the San Timoteo Canyon to the northeast and the San Jacinto Mountains to the east. These mountains separate the cities of Beaumont and Moreno Valley and California State Route 60 is the only highway that runs through the Badlands.
 Norman Clyde Glacier is a small glacier located in the crest of the Sierra Nevada Range in the John Muir Wilderness of Inyo National Forest in Inyo County California. The glacier is northwest of Norman Clyde Peak (13861 ft (4225 m) NAVD 88) and both are named after California mountaineer Norman Clyde. A small ridge separates the glacier from the adjacent but larger Middle Palisade Glacier located less than .25 mi (0.40 km) to the southeast.
 Komarov is a lunar crater that lies across the southeastern edge of Mare Moscoviense on the northern hemisphere of the far side of the Moon. It is a complex feature with an irregular appearance.The northern rim of Komarov bulges outwards into the mare giving the crater a pear shape. The regions around the northeastern and southern rims are rugged and uneven and the crater floor in between has been resurfaced by lava flows that have completely submerged the western third of the interior.
 The Laz River is a tributary of the Sebiș River in Romania.
 McWillards Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake or the Goat Creek drainage.McWillards Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 Three Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake or the Goat Creek drainage.Three Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Limber Lake is upstream of Three Lake while Oreamnus Lake is downstream.
 Lake Esrum (Danish: Esrum Sø) is the largest lake in Denmark by water volume and the second-largest lake by surface area after lake Arresø. It is situated in the region of Hovedstaden on the island of Zealand.The surface area of the lake is 17 km² and the maximum depth is 22 m. The length from north to south is 8.4 km. On the western shore is the Gribskov forest and on the eastern shores is the Fredensborg Castle.
 Chudova (Russian: Чудова) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 51 km. Area of drainage basin is 129 km ². It flows into the Kolva River at the point located 6.4 km from Kolva's mouth near the town of Cherdyn.
 The Yaghnob River (Yaghnob Darya) is a river in Ayni District of Sughd Province Tajikistan. Together with the Iskander Darya it forms the Fan Darya River a major left tributary of the Zeravshan River.The source of the Yaghnob is in the Matcha Mountains where the Zarafshan and the Gissar Ranges merge. The Yaghnob is mainly feeded by glaciers and snow fields.
 Qalsata (Aymara qalsa stones-ta nominal Aymara suffix to indicate the direction (from) from the stones the hispanicized spelling is the misleading word Calzada) is a mountain in the Andes about 5874 m (19272 ft) high located in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia in the La Paz Department Larecaja Province on the border of Sorata Municipality and Guanay Municipality.
 Mount Sobo (祖母山 Sobo-san) is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains. The 1756 m (5761 ft) high mountain lies on the border of Taketa and Bungo-ōno in Ōita Prefecture and Takachiho Nishiusuki District in Miyazaki Prefecture. It is the highest peak in Miyazaki Prefecture.
 Crag Fell is a hill in the English Lake District. It is part of the Lank Rigg group standing above Ennerdale Water in the Western Fells. The craggy northern face above the lake gives the fell its name prominent in views from the car park at Bowness Knott. Ascents are commonly made from the foot of Ennerdale Water.
 The Boulder River is a 77-mile (124 km) tributary of the Jefferson River in southwestern Montana in the United States.It rises in the Rocky Mountains at the continental divide in the Deerlodge National Forest in western Jefferson County. It flows east and southeast through the mountains past Boulder then south to join the Jefferson near Cardwell.Game fish in the river include brook brown and rainbow trout and mountain whitefish.
 Lookout Mountain is located at the northwest corner of the U.S. state of Georgia the northeast corner of Alabama and along the southern border of Tennessee at Chattanooga. Lookout Mountain was the scene of the Last Battle of the Cherokees during the Nickajack Expedition which took place the 18th century as well as the November 24 1863 Battle of Lookout Mountain during the American Civil War.
 The Weser (German pronunciation: [ˈveːzɐ]) is a river in north-western Germany. Formed at Hannoversch Münden by the confluence of the rivers Fulda and Werra it flows through Lower Saxony then reaching the Hanseatic-town Bremen (see: Hanseatic League) before emptying 50 km further north at Bremerhaven into the North Sea. On the opposite (west) bank is the town of Nordenham at the foot of the Butjadingen Peninsula; thus the mouth of the river is located in Lower Saxony.
 The Durgavati River (also called Durgaoti or Durgauti and spelt as Durgawati) which flows through Kaimur district in the Indian state of Bihar is a tributary of the Karmanasa.
 Turtle Lake lies in the North-West of Saskatchewan Canada and is fairly long (about 21 km) while also narrow (about 5 km across). The closest town is Livelong and the closest cities are North Battleford SK and Lloydminster AB.
 The Sitnica River (pronounced [sǐtnitsa]) is a river that flows through Podgorica Montenegro.
 The Plișca River is a tributary of the Grosul River in Romania.
 Tasersuatsiaq (old spelling: Taserssuatsiaq) is a lake in central-western Greenland in the Qeqqata municipality. It is located southeast of Kangerlussuaq with a depth of 80 m (262.5 ft) covering an area of 750ha. During the operating years of the American base at Bluie West Eight at Kangerlussuaq the lake was referred to as Lake Ferguson. The lake and the Roklubben Restaurant at its western shore are connected to Kangerlussuaq by a gravel road one of the very few in Greenland.
 Mount Davis is a prominent peak in the Ansel Adams Wilderness on the Inyo National Forest and south of Yosemite National Park. The peak was named in honor of Lieutenant Milton Fennimore Davis who was with the first troops detailed to guard Yosemite National Park. Davis was the first person to climb the peak.
 Windische Höhe Pass (elevation 1110 m 3642 ft) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps located in the state of Carinthia (Kärnten). The pass connects St. Stefan in the Gail River valley with Feistritz an der Drau in the Drau River valley.
 The Bărbulețu River is a tributary of the Râul Alb in Romania.
 The Rinderhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Leukerbad in the canton of Valais. It lies east of Gemmi Pass on the chain culminating at the Balmhorn.
 The Motnăul Mic River is a tributary of the Motnău River in Romania.
 The Gulf of Finland (Finnish: Suomenlahti; Estonian: Soome laht; Russian: Фи́нский зали́в tr. Finskiy zaliv IPA: [ˈfʲinskʲɪj zɐˈlʲif]; Swedish: Finska viken) is the easternmost arm of the Baltic Sea. It extends between Finland (to the north) and Estonia (to the south) all the way to Saint Petersburg in Russia where the river Neva drains into it. Other major cities around the gulf include Helsinki and Tallinn.
 The Fish Creek Mountains are a mountain range in Lander County Nevada.
 The Trigo Mountains are a north-south trending mountain range in La Paz County Arizona bordering the Colorado River on the east in the Lower Colorado River Valley. The range lies north of the Colorado River as it turns east north of Martinez Lake and the Imperial Reservoir. The Trigo Mountains are on a north-south stretch of the Colorado River and form the eastern perimeter of the Imperial National Wildlife Refuge.
 The Gulf of Trieste (Italian: Golfo di Trieste Slovene: Tržaški zaliv Croatian: Tršćanski zaljev German: Golf von Triest) is a very shallow bay of the Adriatic Sea in the extreme northern part of the Mediterranean Sea. It is part of the Gulf of Venice and is shared by Italy Slovenia and Croatia. It is closed to the south by the peninsula of Istria the largest peninsula in the Adriatic Sea shared between Croatia and Slovenia. The entire Slovenian sea is part of the Gulf of Trieste.
 Alpine Peak at 9861 feet (3006 m) above sea level is a peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 1 mi (1.6 km) northeast of Mount Regan its line parent. Alpine Peak is south of Alpine Lake and east of Sawtooth Lake.
 Lago della Malgina is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.
 Loyalhanna Creek is a 50-mile (80 km) long tributary of the Kiskiminetas River in Westmoreland County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The stream is a popular destination for canoeing and recreational trout fishing.
 Watts Hill is a hill in the Dorset Downs and one of the highest in the county of Dorset England. The height of the summit is variously recorded as 261 metres or 262 metres.
 The Schuchya is a river in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug Russia a tributary of the Ob River.
 Lake Avernus (or Lago d'Averno in Italian) is a volcanic crater lake located in the Avernus crater in the Campania region of southern Italy around 4 km (2.5 mi) northwest of Pozzuoli. It is near the volcanic field known as the Campi Flegrei and comprises part of the wider Campanian volcanic arc. The lake is roughly circular measuring 2 km (1.2 mi) in circumference and 60 m (213 ft) deep.Avernus was of major importance to the Romans who considered it to be the entrance to Hades.
 The Northern Rietzschke (German: Nördliche Rietzschke) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Cuango or Kwango (Portuguese: Rio Cuango) is a transboundary river of Angola and Democratic Republic of Congo. It is the largest left bank tributary of the Kasai River in the Congo River basin. It flows through Malanje town in Angola. The Kwango River basin has large resources of diamonds in the Chitamba-Lulo Kimberlite Cluster in Lunda Norte Province discovered in the main river channel and on flats and terraces in its flood plains.
 The Céou (French: le Céou) is a 55.1 km (34.2 mi) long river in the Lot and Dordogne départements southwestern France. Its source is at Séniergues 13 km (8.1 mi) southwest of Rocamadour. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Dordogne into which it flows at Castelnaud-la-Chapelle 9 km (5.6 mi) southwest of Sarlat-la-Canéda.
 The Tijuípe River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Ocate volcanic field (also known as the Mora volcanic field) is a monogenetic volcanic field located in the eastern Sangre de Cristo Mountains of northern New Mexico USA. About 8.12 million years ago basaltic volcanoes began to erupt in the Ocate area. Fourteen eruptive pulses have been recognized.An unusual feature of the Ocate volcanic field is that the oldest basaltic flows form the highest mesas and the youngest flows form surfaces lower in elevation.
 Flora Mountain is a mountain summit in Washington in the Cascade Range in Washington State near the shores of Lake Chelan and 24 miles (39 km) south of the Canadian border in the Glacier Peak Wilderness.It has been described as a desolate pile of loose gneiss.
 San Vicente (also known as Chichontepec or Las Chiches) is a stratovolcano in central El Salvador. It is located next to the town of San Vicente (hence the name) and is the second highest volcano in El Salvador. In the indigenous language Nahuat Chichontepec means the mountain of the two breasts because its double summit resembles a woman's bosom. The volcano has two craters located one in each summit although not exactly at the top. Dense vegetation covers both summits.
 The Jagst (German pronunciation: [ˈjakst]) is a right tributary of the Neckar in northern Baden-Württemberg. It is 189 km long. Its source is in the hills east of Ellwangen close to the Bavarian border. It winds through the towns Ellwangen Crailsheim Kirchberg an der Jagst Langenburg Krautheim Möckmühl and Neudenau. Near Bad Wimpfen the Jagst flows into the Neckar a few km downstream from the mouth of the river Kocher that flows more or less parallel to the Jagst.
 Tomrefjorden is a fjord in Vestnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 9-kilometre (5.6 mi) long fjord branches off of the main Romsdalsfjorden and it is one of the two big fjords that cut into the municipality. The fjord is located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) west of the village of Vestnes.
 The Larga Mare River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Rushup Edge is a ridge in the Derbyshire Peak District of England. The ridge's highest point is Lord's Seat at 546 m (1791 ft) while Mam Tor lies at its eastern end beyond which the Great Ridge runs.Lord's Seat is a round barrow.
 Spafarief Bay is a bay in the Kotzebue Sound on the Chukchi Sea-facing coast of Alaska. Its size is 15 mi. across. There is a lagoon at its southern end.The Spafarief Bay is located on the northern coast of the Seward Peninsula 10 mi. north of the mining town of Candle; Kotzebue-Kobuk Low.Spafarief Bay was named in 1816 by Lt.
 The Rance is a river of northwestern France. It flows into the English Channel between Dinard and Saint-Malo.Before reaching the Channel its waters are barred by a 750 metre long dam forming the Rance tidal power plant.The river is linked to the Vilaine by means of the Canal d'Ille-et-Rance.Départements and towns along the river: Côtes-d'Armor : Collinée Caulnes Dinan Ille-et-Vilaine : Dinard Saint-Malo↑
 The Big Badja River a perennial river of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Monaro region of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range north–east of Cooma at the junction of the Kybeyan and Gourock Ranges and generally flows south and west joined by three minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Numeralla River at the village of Numeralla; dropping 295 metres (968 ft) over its course of 32 kilometres (20 mi).Alluvial gold was discovered in and along the river in 1858 with the Big Badja diggings worked between 1861 and 1868.
 The Hotham River is one of the major tributaries of the Murray River in Western Australia. It is about 160 kilometres long with its upper reaches being the Hotham River North which begins in the Dutarning Range and joins the Hotham at its crossing of the Great Southern Highway near Popanyinning.
 Sherman Pass (elevation 9200 ft or 2804 m) is a mountain pass in California on the Kern Plateau in the Sequoia National Forest near the southern tip of the Sierra Nevada.
 The Do Peixe River (Sapucaí River) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Segula Volcano lies 1228 miles (1976 km) westward of Anchorage on the Segula Island in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska. An inactive stratovolcano it has not produced any historical eruptions while barely eroded deposits on the flanks suggest that activity took place at the volcano as late as a couple of hundred years ago.Built on top of a shallow platform the volcano grew steadily from eruptions and is composed of strata of flow deposits and pyroclastic material.
 The Lupul River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 Lake Ray Roberts (formally Ray Roberts Lake) is a 29350-acre (119 km2) reservoir located 10 miles (20 km) north of Denton Texas between the cities of Pilot Point Texas and Sanger Texas. It was named after Ray Roberts (a local congressman who supported creation of the lake) in 1980.It is located in and supplies water to Cooke Grayson and Denton counties. On March 2 1945 the U.S.
 Great Bear Lake (Slavey: Sahtú French: Grand lac de l'Ours) is the largest lake entirely in Canada (Lake Superior and Lake Huron straddling the Canada-US border are larger) the fourth largest in North America and the eighth largest in the world. The lake is in the Northwest Territories on the Arctic Circle between 65 and 67 degrees of northern latitude and between 118 and 123 degrees western longitude 186 m (610 ft) above sea level.
 The Bear River is a minor river in western Nova Scotia Canada. Flowing from south to north it is 40 kilometres (25 mi) long from its headwaters to its discharge into the Annapolis Basin some 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) east of Digby. The river is tidal for the last 9.7 kilometres (6.0 mi) of its length. The village of Bear River (which today calls itself “The Tidal Village”) is situated near the head of the tide where shipbuilding took place in the nineteenth century.
 The Willow River (Little Fork River) is a river of Minnesota.
 The La Fântânele River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Lambert is a lunar impact crater on the southern half of the Mare Imbrium basin. It lies to the east and somewhat south of the slightly larger crater Timocharis. To the south is the smaller Pytheas and some distance to the west-southwest is Euler.The crater is relatively easy to locate due to its isolated position on the mare. It has an outer rampart terraced inner walls and a rough interior that has a comparable albedo to its surroundings.
 Lake St. Joseph is a large body of water located in Northwestern Ontario. It is accessed by Highway 599 from the town of Ignace. The closest town is Pickle Lake. This lake is a large freshwater fishery with a wilderness designation. Persons wishing to fish this lake must receive a special permit from the Ontario Ministry of Natural Resources. This permit is in addition to any licenses needed. Access is restricted because of the wilderness designation.
 Olbers is a lunar crater that lies at the west edge of the Oceanus Procellarum near the western limb of the Moon. It lies to the northwest of the crater Hevelius and to the north of the indistinct Hedin. Farther to the south is the crater Riccioli. Due to its location this crater appears very oblong because of foreshortening. It is viewed nearly edge-on making observation of the interior difficult from the Earth.The rim of Olbers is somewhat worn with notches to the north east and south.
 Essebach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Hintereisspitzen is a mountain in the Weisskamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Little Alberta is a mountain located east of Habel Creek in the Canadian Rockies of Jasper National Park. The mountain was named in 1984 after nearby Mount Alberta (3619 m (11873 ft)).The Alpine Club of Canada (ACC) operates the Lloyd MacKay Hut on a rocky shoulder of Little Alberta.
 The Blăjelu River is a tributary of the Izvorul Lung River in Romania.
 The Yellow Hills are a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada. They are located within the East Fork High Rock Canyon Wilderness.
 Elmbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Panari River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Monte Bo (or Cima di Bo) is a mountain in the Alpi Biellesi a sub-range of Pennine Alps.
 Dumaresq Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Popsicle Peak is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 20 km (12 mi) southeast of Gold River and 4 km (2 mi) southwest of M.S. Mountain.
 Padinjarechira is one of the four oldest pond in Thrissur city of Kerala in India. It was built by Shakthan Thampuran (1751-1805) and is one of Thrissur's famous landmarks. It is owned by Vadakke Madhom.
 The Towaliga River is a 52.3-mile-long (84.2 km) tributary of the Ocmulgee River in central Georgia. The name Towaliga is of Creek origin and translates to Roasted Scalp. The Creek Indians of the area were known to scalp their enemies and place their scalps on the large rocks by the river. The Towaliga passes through High Falls State Park in northwestern Monroe County then traverses the county and joins the Ocmulgee near the town of Juliette.
 Negara River is a river of Borneo Indonesia.
 The Balimela Reservoir is located in Malkangiri district Odisha India on the river Sileru which is tributory of Godavari river. The gross storage capacity of Balimela reservoir is 3610 million cubic meters.Andhra Pradesh (AP) and Odisha states entered into agreements to construct Balimela dam as joint project and share the Sileru river waters equally available at Balimela dam site.
 Dietzhölze is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Jervis Inlet local /ˈdʒɑrvɨs/ is a principal inlet of the British Columbia Coast about 95 km (59 mi) northwest of Vancouver.
 Nemërçkë (definite Albanian form: Nemërçkë Greek: Δούσκο Dousko) is a long mountain in southern Albania and northern Greece. Over 90% of the mountain is located in Albania where its highest peaks are found. The highest peak is Maja e Papingut which rises at 2482 m (8143 ft) above sea level while the highest peak on the Greek side is at 2198 m (7211 ft) above sea level. The river Vjosë flows to the east of the mountain.
 The Drag River is a river in the municipalities of Minden Hills and Dysart et al in Haliburton County Southern Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a right tributary of the Burnt River.
 The Dead River is a 1.8-mile-long (2.9 km) arm of Alamoosook Lake in the town of Orland in Hancock County Maine. Via Alamoosook Lake the Narramissic River and the Orland River it is part of the Penobscot River watershed. It is formed by the junction of Moosehorn Stream and Hothole Stream and extends south to the main body of Alamoosook Lake.
 Vesldalstinden is a mountain in Breheimen National Park in southern Norway.
 Grungstadvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Høylandet in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway.There are salmon sea trout european eel trout and Arctic char in the lake. The 6.71-square-kilometre (2.59 sq mi) lake lies just to the north of the large lake Eidsvatnet.
 The Wilmington River is a 17.3-mile-long (27.8 km) tidal river in the U.S. state of Georgia. It flows through Chatham County along the east side of the cities of Savannah and Thunderbolt Georgia. At its north end it connects with the Savannah River then travels southwest past Savannah then turns southeast and ends in Wassaw Sound an arm of the Atlantic Ocean.
 Rødenessjøen is a lake in the municipalities of Aurskog-Høland in Akershus county and Marker in Østfold county Norway.
 The Yadkin River is one of the longest rivers in North Carolina flowing 215 miles (346 km). It rises in the northwestern portion of the state near the Blue Ridge Parkway's Thunder Hill Overlook. Several parts of the river are impounded by dams for water power and flood control. The river becomes the Pee Dee River at the confluence of the Uwharrie River. The river flows into South Carolina near Cheraw which is at the fall line where it becomes the Great Pee Dee River.
 Dünsener Bach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Gods Lake is a lake in northeastern Manitoba in Canada. The lake covers an area of 1151 square kilometres (444 sq mi) making it the 7th largest lake in the province. It lies north of Island Lake at an elevation of 178 metres (584 ft) approximately 280 kilometres (174 mi) east of Thompson Manitoba. It has a perimeter of 678 kilometres (421 mi). The First Nations communities of Gods Lake Gods Lake Narrows and Gods River are located on the shores of the lake.
 The Valea Cânepiștilor River is a tributary of the Ciugud River in Romania.
 Lake Wister is a reservoir in Le Flore County in southeast Oklahoma. The lake is created by the Poteau River and the Fourche Maline creek. Wister Lake was authorized for flood control and conservation by the Flood Control Act of 1938. The project was designed and built by the Tulsa District Corps of Engineers. Construction began in April 1946 and the project was placed in full flood control operation in December 1949.[1]
 The Floarea River or Pârâul Floarei is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania
 The Maranhão River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Cărătnău River is a tributary of the Pecineaga River in Romania.
 Jungfernbach (Kassel) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Raden Saleh is a crater on Mercury. It is named after a famous Indonesian painter named Raden Saleh.
 Mount Epomeo (Italian: Monte Epomeo) is the highest mountain on the volcanic island of Ischia in the Gulf of Naples Italy. Epomeo is believed to be a volcanic horst.Reaching a height of 789 metres (2589 ft) it towers above the rest of Ischia. Much of Epomeo is covered in lush greenery with a few vineyards also occupying its slopes. Approximately 75 metres (246 ft) from the peak the mountain is covered in white lava.
 Wachtküppel is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Armboth Fell is a fell in the English Lake District regarded by Alfred Wainwright as the centre of Lakeland. The fell is a domed plateau three-quarters of a mile across jutting out to the east of the Derwentwater-Thirlmere watershed in the Borough of Allerdale. The fell is wet underfoot with large areas clad in heather. The eastern slopes above Thirlmere have been planted with conifers.
 Cogra Moss is a shallow reservoir to the east of the village of Lamplugh on the western edge of the English Lake District. It was created by the damming of Rakegill Beck in about 1880 though its function as a water supply ceased in 1975. The reservoir which is surrounded by forestry plantations on three sides is popular with walkers and anglers.
 The Salt Fork Brazos River is a braided highly intermittent stream about 150 mi (240 km) long heading along the edge of the Llano Estacado about 26 mi (42 km) east-southeast of Lubbock Texas. From its source it flows generally east-southeastward to join the Double Mountain Fork to form the Brazos River about 12 mi (19 km) west-northwest of Haskell Texas. The Salt Fork stretches across portions of Crosby Garza Kent and Stonewall counties of West Texas.
 Mühlenbach (Eggel) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Pesqueiro River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Mount Haku (白山 Haku-san) is a mountain in Nishiwaki Hyōgo Prefecture Japan. This mountain is one of the Hyōgo 50 Mountains.
 Yding Skovhøj in Horsens municipality Jutland is one of Denmark's highest points. Its height is 172.54 m above sea level when the height of one of the Bronze Age burial mounds built on the top of the hill is included. If these man-made structures are ignored the hill's highest point is at 170.77 m which is 9 cm lower than Denmark's highest natural point Møllehøj at 170.86 m. Ejer Bavnehøj is Denmark's third highest natural point at 170.35 m.Yding Forest covers the hill.
 Bolszewka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Reda.
 Chester Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located on the south side of the Queen Maud Gulf off Nunavut's mainland. The Perry River empties into the bay.Ogden Bay and Gernon Bay are nearby.
 Hirvijärvi Reservoir (Finnish: Hirvijärven tekojärvi) is medium-sized lake in the Lapuanjoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Southern Ostrobothnia in the municipality of Seinäjoki Finland.
 The Montes de León (Spanish for mountains of León named after the ancient Kingdom of León) is a mountain range in north-western Spain in the province of León. This range is located at the confluence of the Cantabrian Mountains and the Macizo Galaico. The summits of the range are often covered with snow in the winter.The highest peak is Teleno at 2188 metres (7178 ft).
 The Pontax River is a river in Quebec Canada. It flows into James Bay just north of Rupert River
 The Ulmu Mare River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 The Mortlock River is a river in the Wheatbelt of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise near Belmunging then flow in a northerly direction crossing the Goldfields Road and continuing in a north-westerly direction to finally flow parallel to the Northam York Road and crossing Great Eastern Highway. The river discharges into the Avon River of which it is a tributary just west of Northam.The river was named after the surveyor Henry Mortlock Ommanney in the 1830s.
 Jumping Lake is a lake a short distance south of Birch Hills Saskatchewan Canada. It is a small freshwater lake popular locally for migratory bird hunting and fishing. In addition to being a stopping point for migrating geese and ducks the lake is home to a population of walleye which occasionally suffer from winterkill. In the mid decades of the twentieth century a beach and recreational facilities existed at the lake frequented by area locals but these have since been abandoned.
 Blackfoot Glacier is the second largest of the remaining 25 glaciers in Glacier National Park Montana. Blackfoot Glacier is just to the north of Blackfoot Mountain and near Jackson Glacier. The glacier was most recently measured in 2005 at 441 acres (1.78 km2) yet when first documented in 1850 the glacier also included the now separate Jackson Glacier and together they covered 1875 acres (7.59 km2). In 1850 there were an estimated 150 glaciers in the park.
 The Moosberg is a 513.0 m high hill in the Solling range which is located in southwestern Lower Saxony (Germany).
 Lagdo Reservoir is a lake located in the Northern Province of Cameroon. The lake covers an area of 586 km². It is located at 8°53′N 13°58′E. The Lagdo dam was built between 1977 and 1982 by a combination of engineers and Chinese workers along with Cameroonian laborers. The company that managed the construction was the China International Water & Electric Corp.
 Lake Balanan is a lake situated Siaton Negros Oriental Philippines. It is a freshwater lake in the forested mountains of the southern portion of the island of Negros with a shape resembling a figure of eight the narrowest point between the two main portions of the lake being only 90 metres wide. The lake is surrounded by mountain ranges and is fed by three tributaries all located in the northern end.
 The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
 The Island Barn Reservoir lies south of the River Thames in England at West Molesey. The reservoir is 122 acres (0.49 km2) large with a capacity of 992 million gallons and is managed by Thames Water. It is within the borough of Elmbridge and is surrounded by the River Mole to the west and the River Ember to the east. Queen Elizabeth II Reservoir is a larger reservoir to the West.Island Barn Reservoir was authorized by the Lambeth Water Act of 1900.
 The Amedichi (Russian: Амедичи) is a river of Sakha Republic Russia a tributary of the Aldan River.
 The Silvretta Alps are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps shared by Tirol Vorarlberg (both in Austria) and Graubünden (Switzerland). The Austrian states of Tirol and Vorarlberg are connected by a pass road (Silvretta Hochalpenstraße at 2032 m). The majority of the peaks are elevated above three thousand metres and are surrounded by glaciers. Thus the area is also known as the Blue Silvretta.
 The Valea Borcutului River is a tributary of the Săsar River in Romania.
 The Hohenstaufen is a hill peaking in the Swabian Alb with an elevation of 684 metres (2244 ft) Together with the Rechberg and Stuifen  Staufer Frius it forms the so-called Three Kaiser mountains (Drei Kaiserberge). It is easily visible from the little town of Lorch; it towers over the forests of that previously occupied the Staufer the Hohenstaufen castle is now in ruin.On the hill there are many footpaths that are easily accessible from three different entrances.
 Oberlübber Bergsee is a lake in Kreis Minden-Lübbecke North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 200 m its surface area is ca. 0.8 ha.
 The Arineiși River is a tributary of the Mara River in Romania.
 Threipmuir Reservoir is a reservoir in the City of Edinburgh Council area Scotland UK. It is situated to the south of Edinburgh in the Pentland Hills two miles south of Balerno near Harlaw Reservoir.Threipmuir reservoir was built by James Jardine between 1843 and 1848 as a water supply for Edinburgh.
 The Jigureasa River is a tributary of the Băniţa river in Romania.
 The Pârâul Mijlociu is a tributary of the Tihul River in Romania. It is sometimes considered as a headwater of the Răstolița River
 The Bologa River is a tributary of the Șesu River in Romania.
 The Monongahela River (/məˌnɒnɡəˈhiːlə/) — often referred to locally as the Mon /ˈmɒn/ — is a 130-mile-long (210 km) river on the Allegheny Plateau in north-central West Virginia and southwestern Pennsylvania. The Monongahela joins the Allegheny River to form the Ohio River at Pittsburgh.
 The Stupina River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Fongen (Southern Sami: Lopmesvaerie) is a mountain on the border of the municipalities of Selbu (Sør-Trøndelag) Tydal (Sør-Trøndelag) and Meråker (Nord-Trøndelag) in Norway. The 1441-metre (4728 ft) summit is located inside Skarvan and Roltdalen National Park about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north of Aunet in Tydal.The closest Norwegian Trekking Association cabin is Ramsjøhytta several kilometers east of the summit.
 Zaovine Lake (Serbian language: Заовинско језеро or Zaovinsko jezero) is an artificial lake in central-west Serbia on the Tara Mountain. It was created on the Beli Rzav river as a reservoir for the Bajina Bašta II reversible hydro power plant.
 Loppijärvi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is situated in the municipality of Loppi in the Tavastia Proper region. The lake is part of Kokemäenjoki basin and it drains through Tervajoki River into Lake Kernaalanjärvi which in its turn drains into Lake Vanajavesi through Hiidenjoki River.
 The Little Yarra River is a perennial river of the Port Phillip catchment located in the Greater Metropolitan Melbourne region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Lake Fianga is a lake in Chad and Cameroon. It does not have clearly delineated borders as it forms the western border of an area of permanent swampland. The lake forms with the seasonal flooding of the Logone River.
 Franck is a small lunar impact crater that lies near the north end of Sinus Amoris a bay on the northern part of Mare Tranquillitatis. The crater lies just to the southeast of Brewster and farther to the south of Römer. Franck was previously designated Römer K before being given a unique name by the IAU.This is a circular bowl-shaped crater with a sharp rim that has not been significantly eroded. The interior walls slope down to the tiny floor at the midpoint.
 Veotinden is a mountain in the town of Lom Norway in the county of Oppland in southern Norway. It is the 38th tallest peak in Norway.
 The Canyon River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Unorganized Kenora District in northwestern Ontario Canada. it is a tributary of the Wabigoon River.
 The Sankamphaeng Range also Sankambeng Range or Sungumpang Range (Thai: ทิวเขาสันกำแพง RTGS: Thio Khao San Kamphaeng Thai pronunciation: [tʰiw kʰǎw sǎn kampʰɛːŋ]) is one of the mountain ranges separating Eastern Thailand from the northeast or Isan.It is located in Nakhon Nayok Prachinburi Sa Kaeo Saraburi and Nakhon Ratchasima Provinces Thailand.
 The Pennefather River in Queensland Australia is located on western Cape York Peninsula at 12°13′S 141°44′E. The river is about 11 km long and up to about 2 km wide.The mouth of the river was the site of the first recorded landfall in Australia by a European explorer by Willem Janszoon in 1606.
 Popple Peak (Afrikaans: Popplepiek) is a mountain in the Drakensberg range South Africa. It is located on the border between South Africa and Lesotho on the watershed that forms the border between the two countries. Popple peak is 3331 m above sea level and has an elevation of approximately 300 metres from the surrounding escarpment.
 Kleine Pyra is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Moe River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Râul Muşcanilor (sometimes called incorrectly Râul Maşcanilor) is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Lake Wohlen (German: Wohlensee) is a reservoir in the Canton of Berne Switzerland. Its surface is approximately 3.65 km² and its maximum depth is 20 m. It lies between the towns of Bremgarten bei Bern and Mühleberg. Lake Wohlen was completed in 1920.
 Boltzmann is an old lunar crater that is located along the southern limb of the Moon in the vicinity of the south pole. At this location the crater is viewed from the side from Earth and so not much detail can be seen. It is located to the north of the walled plain Drygalski and to the west of the crater Le Gentil.This formation has become eroded by many tiny impacts leaving the features rounded and worn.
 The Choveșul Mic River is a headwater of the Choveș River in Romania.
 The Barguelonnette (French: la Barguelonnette also called Petite Barguelonne) is a 35.1 km (21.8 mi) long river in the Lot and Tarn-et-Garonne départements southwestern France. Its source is at Villesèque. It flows generally southwest. It is a right tributary of the Barguelonne into which it flows between Montbarla and Montesquieu.
 Glyder Fawr is a mountain in Snowdonia Wales the highest in the Glyderau at just over 1000m. It is the fifth highest mountain in Wales.The summit lies on the ridge between Glyder Fach and Y Garn and has views to the north across the Ogwen Valley of Pen yr Ole Wen and the Carneddau and views south to the Snowdon Horseshoe.
 Mount Kit Carson is a mountain located northeast of Spokane Washington with and elevation of 5286 feet (1611 m)). It is in Mount Spokane State Park the largest of Washington's State Parks at 13919 acres (5633 ha).On September 10 1962 a KC-135 was descending in for a landing at Fairchild Air Force Base when it flew into a fog shrouded ravine on Mount Kit Carson. Forty-four people were killed in the accident. It was worst aviation accident in U.S.
 The Süntel is a massif in the German Central Uplands that is up to 437.5 m above sea level. It forms part of the Weser Uplands in Lower Saxony southwest of Hanover and north of Hamelin.
 Rupen River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Tarnga hills. Its basin has a maximum length of 156 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 2500 square kilometres (970 sq mi).
 The Pârâul Mihai is a tributary of the Chepeț River in Romania.
 The Meža (Slovenian) or Mieß (German) is a 43 km (27 mi.) river in the Austrian state of Carinthia and Slovenia. It has its source on the Austrian side of the border near Mount Olševa becomes subterranean a kilometre from its source and reappears on the surface in Koprivna near Črna na Koroškem Slovenia. It is the central river of the Mežica Valley. It flows through Črna na Koroškem Mežica Prevalje and Ravne na Koroškem and into the Drava River at Dravograd.
 The Botiz River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
 Wild Horse Reservoir is a man-made lake in Elko County Nevada. The reservoir was initially created in 1937 by the construction of Wild Horse Dam. In 1969 a new concrete single-angle arch dam was constructed by the Bureau of Indian Affairs with a height of 87 feet (27 m) and a length of 458 feet (140 m) at its crest. The original 1937 dam was left in place and is still partly visible.
 Kielhackensiepen is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Teton Range is a mountain range of the Rocky Mountains in North America. A north-south range it is mostly on the Wyoming side of that state's border with Idaho just south of Yellowstone National Park. Most of the east slope of the range is in Grand Teton National Park. Early French Voyageurs used the name les trois tétons (the three breasts).
 Shingle Creek is a tributary of the Okanagan River joining the Okanagan within the City of Penticton British Columbia Canada after rising on the eastern slopes of Mount Brent in the southern Thompson Plateau to the west of the city approaching it via the south flank of Mount Nkwala which overlooks the city. It has been variously mapped as the Beaver River Beaver Creek and Riviere aux serpents.
 The Vishera (Russian: Вишера) is a river in Malovishersky and Novgorodsky Districts Novgorod Oblast Russia a right tributary of the Maly Volkhovets River an eastern armlet of the Volkhov River.
 The Maze River (馬瀬川 Maze-gawa) is a river in Japan which originates in Takayama Gifu. It flows through Gero before emptying into the Hida River. Due to its clear waters it is home to the Japanese giant salamander.
 Cerro El Cóndor is a stratovolcano in Argentina. It is a remote peak in the Argentine Puna de Atacama. As such it was probably the last major 6000m+ peak in the Andes to be climbed the first recorded ascent being in 2003 by Alexander von Götz and Steffen Salzmann of Germany.
 Cave Run Lake located south of Morehead Kentucky USA along Kentucky Route 801 is an 8270-acre (33 km2) reservoir built by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The 148 ft (45 m) half-mile (800 m) dam (and outlet works) construction began in 1965 and was completed in 1973. Cave Run Lake is in the northern part of the Daniel Boone National Forest.
 The Gummfluh is a mountain in the western Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Vaud and Berne. It is the highest peak in the chain of mountains on the south side of the Pays d'Enhaut and it lies approximately halfway between Château d'Oex and Gstaad. The northern slopes form part of the large nature reserve of La Pierreuse.
 The Eagle and Phenix Dam is a dam on the Chattahoochee River in downtown Columbus Georgia. The dam was built in 1868 to power the defunct Eagle and Phenix textile Mill. The dam is located just south of the 13th Street Bridge which connects Columbus to Phenix City Alabama. The dam produces a 45-acre (18 ha) run of the river reservoir that extends approximately 1-mile (1.6 km) upstream. The Eagle and Phenix Dam is now owned by the City of Columbus.
 Arbuthnot Lake Arbuthnet Lake or Lower Chain Lake is a lake in the Mount Baker Wilderness Area in Whatcom County Washington United States. It is one of the Galena Chain lakes.
 Fresh Meadow Pond is a 59-acre (240000 m2) pond in the East Carver section of Carver and Plymouth Massachusetts. An unnamed 6-acre (24000 m2) island lies in the middle of the pond. Pinewood Lodge Campground occupies in the Plymouth portion both the northeastern portion of the pond and the island. The southern and western shores of the pond have been developed.
 The Găunoasa River is a tributary of the Holbav River in Romania.
 The Huy (roughly pronounced hoo or in German hüh from the Old High German for Höhe = heights) or Huywald is a ridge up to 314 metres high in western Saxony-Anhalt in Germany. It lies in the northern part of the district of Harz about 10 kilometres northwest of Halberstadt and a few kilometres west of Schwanebeck. It is chiefly composed of bunter sandstone and muschelkalk and has been designated a protected area.
 Gonini River is a river of Suriname.
 The Red River is a stream approximately 1 mile (2 km) long which is located in Lincoln County in the northwestern US state of Oregon. It rises south of downtown Waldport and flows through the city to meet the Alsea River near the larger river's mouth on the Pacific Ocean.
 Mount Lamington is an andesitic stratovolcano in the Oro Province of Papua New Guinea. The forested peak of the volcano had not been recognised as such until its devastating eruption in 1951 that caused about 3000 deaths.The volcano rises to 1680 m above the coastal plain north of the Owen Stanley Range. A summit complex of lava domes and crater remnants rises above a low-angle base of volcaniclastic deposits that are dissected by radial valleys.
 Merit Ptah is an impact crater on Venus named in honor of the chief physician Merit Ptah in ancient Egypt.
 The Little Knife River (West) is a 7.4-mile-long (11.9 km) river in St. Louis County Minnesota United States. It is a tributary of the Knife River. A second Little Knife River flows into the Knife River from the east in Lake County.
 Mader Stein is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 The King River is a river in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is a tributary of the Daly River which ultimately flows into the Timor Sea.The Dry River is a tributary of the King River.A telemetered gauging station is located on the river downstream from the Victoria Highway crossing. The maximum recorded flood height at this station was 13.959 m on 11 March 1974. It was originally used to investigate the water resources of the Northern Territory. It is now used as a flood warning site.
 Mount Adam is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 29 km (18 mi) east of Woss and 4 km (2 mi) south of Mount Schoen.
 The Loch of Hundland is a shallow freshwater loch in the parish of Birsay in the north west of the mainland of Orkney. The loch lies between the larger lochs of Swannay and Boardhouse and acts as the main water catchment for Loch of Boardhouse. It has a great variety of aquatic plants including species that are unusual locally and nationally and many types of birds including waders gulls larks and ducks that nest or use the loch.
 The Strunga River is a tributary of the Criva River in Romania.
 The Kalama River is a 45-mile (72 km) tributary of the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. It flows entirely within Cowlitz County Washington. Calama River is an old variant name.The river is named for John Kalama a Hawaiian employee of the Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) and a Kanaka who made a living making containers for the salted salmon exported by the HBC. He drowned in the river.
 Mount Peabody (9216 feet (2809 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Agassiz Glacier is located on the western slopes of Mount Peabody.
 Pine Island Glacier (PIG) is a large ice stream flowing west-northwest along the south side of the Hudson Mountains into Pine Island Bay Amundsen Sea Antarctica. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and United States Navy (USN) air photos 1960–66 and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) in association with Pine Island Bay.The area drained by Pine Island Glacier comprises about 10 percent of the West Antarctic Ice Sheet.
 The Rio Verde (Portuguese for green river) is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Red Mountain elevation 13914 ft (4241 m) is a summit in the Culebra Range of south central Colorado. The peak is on private land 15 mi (24 km) southeast of San Luis.
 Mantua River is a river of northern Cuba.
 The Alunul River is a tributary of the Pârâul Moișii in Romania.
 Lago Cardiel (Spanish pronunciation: [karˈðjel]) is a lake in Patagonia Argentina between the Andean Cordillera and the South Atlantic.
 Lake Cushman is a 4010-acre (16.2 km2) lake and reservoir on the north fork of the Skokomish River in Mason County Washington. The lake originally was a long narrow broadening of the Skokomish River formed in a glacial trough and dammed by a terminal moraine from the last ice age during the Vashon stade.The lake was expanded after construction of the Cushman Dam No. 1.
 Wachbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Xanadu (often called Xanadu Regio though this is not its official name) is a highly reflective area on the leading hemisphere of Saturn's moon Titan.
 Lake Leksozero (Russian: Лексозеро Finnish: Lieksajärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia Russia. It has an area of 166 km² and an average depth of 8.6 m. It freezes up in November and stays icebound until May. There are many islands on the lake. Leksozero is used for fishery. The lake drains through the river Lieksanjoki that flows into the lake Pielinen in Northern Karelia Finland.
 Vejle Fjord is a fjord in Denmark. It is approximately 22 km (13.7 mi) in length and stretches east from the town of Vejle at the head to the towns of Trelde Næs on the south side and Juelsminde on the north side at the mouth.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.
 Lütte Bermecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Smelt Pond is a 44-acre (180000 m2) pond in Kingston Massachusetts. The pond is located west of the Independence Mall and north of U.S. Route 44. Camp Nekon a 193-acre (0.78 km2) former Girl Scout camp which closed in 1975 and has since become a recreation area surrounds the pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish in the pond.
 The Millet River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 Gibraltar Creek a perennial stream that is part of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Australian Capital Territory Australia.There are several types of Greenhoods found along the creek's banks. Historical Aboriginal camp-sites have been also found on the creek banks.
 Mount Hongū (本宮山 Hongū-san) is a mountain located on the border of three cities in Aichi Prefecture Toyokawa Okazaki and Shinshiro.
 Nordre Hellstugutinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Branco River (Bahia) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Roßsiefenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Miletin River in Romania.
 Washington Peak at 10519 feet (3206 m) above sea level is a peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 2.37 mi (3.81 km) from Fourth of July Peak its line parent. It is the 264th highest peak in Idaho.
 Pico Bolívar is the highest mountain in Venezuela at 4978 metres. Located in Mérida State its top is permanently covered with névé snow and three small glaciers. It can be reached only by walking; the Mérida cable car the highest cable car in the world only reaches Pico Espejo. From there it is possible to climb to Pico Bolívar.
 Møsnuken is a mountain in the municipality of Os Hordaland Norway.
 The Finișel River is a tributary of the Feneș River in Romania.
 The Kettle River is a 175-mile (282 km) tributary of the Columbia River in northeastern Washington in the United States and southeastern British Columbia in Canada. Its drainage basin is 4200 square miles (11000 km2) large of which 3177 square miles (8230 km2) are in Canada and 1023 square miles (2650 km2) in the United States. The indigenous name of the river in the Okanagan language is nxʷyaʔłpítkʷ (Ne-hoi-al-pit-kwu.)
 Lac de Bise is a lake in Haute-Savoie France.
 Lac d'Ambléon is a lake at Ambléon in the Ain department of France.
 Pallqaqucha (Quechua pallqa p'allqa p'alqa forked branched fork qucha lake hispanicized spelling Palcacocha) is a glacier lake in the Andes mountain range of South America in northwestern Peru located in the Ancash Region Huaraz Province.
 Beethoven is a crater at latitude 20°S longitude 124°W on Mercury. It is 643 km in diameter and was named after Ludwig van Beethoven. It is the eleventh largest named impact crater in the Solar System and the third largest on Mercury.Unlike many basins of similar size on the Moon Beethoven is not multi-ringed. Remnant ejecta blankets around parts of the Beethoven are subdued in appearance and their margins poorly defined in places.
 The Sebeș River (Hungarian: Sebes German: Mühlbach) is a tributary of the Mureș River in Transylvania Romania. The upper reach of the river (upstream of Lake Oașa) is also known as Frumoasa River. The Romanian and Hungarian name Sebeș and Sebes originate from the Hungarian adjective sebes meaning speedy while the German name means Mill Creek. The source of the river is on the south slope of the Cindrel Mountains in the southwestern part of Sibiu County.
 The Portoviejo River is a river of Ecuador.
 Sierra de las Ánimas is a hill range which starts in Lavalleja Department of Uruguay and extends south into Maldonado Department where it includes one of the highest peaks of Uruguay the top of Cerro de las Ánimas 501 metres (1644 ft) near the towns Gregorio Aznárez and Las Flores. It is the only elevated landform of volcanic origin in Uruguay.It is a branch of the Cuchilla Grande which extends north - northeast through Treinta y Tres Department into Cerro Largo Department.
 Muztagh Ata or Muztagata (Uyghur: مۇز تاغ ئاتا literally ice-mountain-father; Chinese: 慕士塔格峰; pinyin: Mùshìtǎgé Fēng) is the second highest (7546 metres) of the mountains which form the northern edge of the Tibetan Plateau (not the second highest of the mountains of the Tibetan Plateau). It is sometimes regarded as being part of the Kunlun Shan although physically it is more closely connected to the Pamirs.
 Walgerbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Ljósufjöll is a fissure vent system and central volcano on the Snæfellsnes Peninsula in Iceland. The system has a length of about 90 km reaching from the lavafields Berserkjahraun on the northside of Snæfellsnes to the village Bifröst and the nearby Grábrók craters next to the no. 1 highway (hringvegur) north of Borgarnes. The volcanic system contains cinder cones and is the only system on the peninsula that has erupted in recorded history.
 Acariá River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Luna River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The East Branch Piscataquis River is a tributary of the Piscataquis River in Piscataquis County Maine. From its source in Little Squaw (Maine Township 3 Range 5 BKP EKR) it runs south 14 miles (23 km) to its confluence with the West Branch Piscataquis River in Blanchard to form the Piscataquis.The Appalachian Trail crosses the East Branch just upstream from its joining with the West Branch.
 Sant Gregori (la Cellera de Ter) is a mountain of the Guilleries Massif Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1090.8 metres above sea level.
 This article refers to the Cheat River tributary in Pennsylvania and West Virginia. For the similarly named river that forms the border between Kentucky and West Virginia see Big Sandy River (Ohio River).Big Sandy Creek is a 31.3-mile-long (50.4 km) mountain stream which begins in Fayette County Pennsylvania and flows into Preston County West Virginia in the United States.
 The Clam River is a 51.1-mile-long (82.2 km) tributary of the Muskegon River in Wexford Missaukee and Clare counties in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 Monte Pizzocolo is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 1581 metres.
 The Wichita Mountains are located in the southwestern portion of the U.S. state of Oklahoma. The mountains are a northwest-southeast trending series of rocky promontories many capped by 540 million-year old granite. These were exposed and rounded by weathering during the Permian Period. The eastern end of the mountains offers 1000 feet (305 m) of topographic relief in a region otherwise dominated by gently rolling grasslands.
 Ilkahöhe is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Scurtu River is a tributary of the Secu River in Romania.
 Moel Penamnen is a mountain just north of Blaenau Ffestiniog North Wales and forms part of the Moelwynion. It may be climbed from the Crimea Pass via Moel Farwlyd from Blaenau Ffestiniog or Cwm Penamnen to the north. A circular of Cwm Penamnen can be done taking in Y Ro Wen. It may also be combined with its parent peak Manod Mawr however the pass between these peaks is extremely boggy and there are many mines air shafts and open quarries in the area.
 Iberg (Allgäu) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Hennenkobel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Verman River (Russian: Верман Река Finnish: Vermanjoki) is a river in Murmansk Oblast Russia. For much of the Arctic Campaign of World War II stretches of it formed the front line and much fighting occurred there.
 Moel Eilio is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales that is situated approximately 3 miles north-west of Snowdon itself. It has two subsidiary tops Foel Gron and Foel Goch (Eilio). The average annual temperature of the mountain is around 6 degrees celsius.
 Shakashik is an impact crater on the anti-Saturn hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Shakashik was first observed in Cassini images during that mission's March 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 17.3° South Latitude 180.8° West Longitude and is 8.5 kilometers across. Behram appears to have formed after Shakashik based on the superposition of the larger crater's southern rim on Shakashik's northern rim.
 In this article we pay a visit to the Persian Gulf coastlines in southern Iran to make you familiar with the southern-most province of Iran the Hormozgan Province.Hormozgan Province covers an area of over 68000 square kilometers.
 Garfield Peak is a prominent mountain in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is the highest point in the Rattlesnake Hills.
 The Cormoș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Khunurana (Aymara khunu snow khunurana highest snow covered peak hispanicized spelling Cunurana) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia located about 20 km south of Potosí in the Potosí Department in the north of the José María Linares Province. It is the highest peak in the Potosí mountain range rising up to 5071 m (16637 ft).Khunurana lies south-east of Mount Hundimiento between the lake Santa Catalina and Mount Q'umir Qucha in the west and the Yana Urqu ridge in the east.
 The Cheam Range (pronounced /ʃiːˈæm/ or /ʃiːˈɛm/) is a mountain range in the Fraser Valley region of the Lower Mainland of British Columbia near the city of Chilliwack. The region is also a part of the Skagit Range of the Canadian Cascades and contains many rugged peaks.The western peaks in the range - Cheam Lady Baby Munday and Stewart are known in areas of the Fraser Valley where there are visible as the Four Sisters.
 The Budieni River is a tributary of the Zlast River in Romania.
 Lake Rotootuauru is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Howard Knob (variant: Howard's Knob) is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country located in the town of Boone. According to the US Geological Survey the mountain's proper name is Howard Knob but it is known to locals and tourists as Howard's Knob. Howard Knob and the surrounding area are part of the Appalachian Mountain Range.
 Watson's Dodd is a fell in the English Lake District a minor rise on the main ridge of the Helvellyn range in the Eastern Fells but a prominent shoulder on the west side of that range.At its foot is the imposing crag of Castle Rock on which rock climbers have developed some 60 named routes.
 Douglas Lake (Cheboygan County Michigan) is an inland lake located in the northern tip of Michigan's lower peninsula. It is the 28th largest lake in Michigan with an areal coverage of 3395 acres (1373 hectares) and a maximum depth of 79 feet (24 meters). The Lake has two tributaries Bessey Creek and Beavertail Creek and one outlet the East Branch Maple River.
 Chitose River (千歳川 Chitose-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan. The river is a class A river. In the city of Ebetsu the river is sometimes known as Ebetsu River (江別川 Ebetsu-gawa).In the Ainu language Chitose was originally called shikotsu meaning big depression or hollow like Lake Shikotsu a caldera lake. To the Japanese this sounded too much like dead bones (死骨 shikotsu) so it was changed to Chitose. The name of the river was changed in 1805.
 Lake Valencia Peru is an oxbow lake formed by the Madre de Dios River in Peru's Madre de Dios Region. It is situated near the Bolivian border and its closest city is Puerto Maldonado.
 Rahu Qulluta (Quechua rahu snow ice mountain with snow qulluta kalluta mortar hispanicized spellings Rajucollota Raju Collota) Suyruqucha (Quechua suyru very long dress tracked after when worn qucha lake hispanicized Suerococha) named after the nearby lake or Diablo Mudo (Spanish for dumb devil) is a mountain in the west of the Waywash mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5427 metres (17805 ft) high.
 The Cernu River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 Cerro Castor is a ski resort (coordinates: 54°43'26.04S 68°1'1.35W) on the southern slope of Mount Krund 26 km from the city of Ushuaia in the Argentine province of Tierra del Fuego. Its tracks can be used during several months because of the cold weather of the region. The standard season takes place between June and October and it is thanks to the geographic location the longest among the main ski centers in Argentina. Cerro Castor is the southernmost ski resort in the world.
 Puy de Sancy (Occitan: puèi de la Crotz Mount of the Cross) is the highest mountain in the Massif Central. It is part of an ancient stratovolcano which has been inactive for about 220000 years.The northern and southern slopes are used for skiing and a number of cablecars and skilifts ascend the mountain. Skiing has been practised on the mountain since the early 20th century. Two local priests traversed the Puy de Sancy on skis in 1905.
 Piz S-chalembert is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps overlooking Ramosch in the canton of Graubünden. With a height of 3031 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the group east of the Schlinigpass.
 The Pârâul Porcului is a tributary of the Dălghiu River in Romania.
 Chiques Creek (known as Chickies Creek until 2002) is a 31.6-mile-long (50.9 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in Lebanon and Lancaster counties Pennsylvania in the United States.The source is at an elevation of 1100 feet (340 m) near Mount Gretna Heights in Lebanon County. The mouth is the confluence with the Susquehanna River at an elevation of 230 feet (70 m) at Marietta in Lancaster County.
 The Valea Oilor River is a tributary of the Larga Mare River in Romania.
 Lärchwand is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. It was an exclave of Luxembourg before 1869.
 Baegamsan (Jeollanam-do) is a mountain of Jeollanam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 742 metres.
 Cedar Lake is an artificial lake in the San Bernardino Mountains of California U.S.A. which has appeared in dozens of Western films.
 The Runc River or Braniștea River is a tributary of the Suha River in Romania.
 The Mangaoparo River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is located close to the island's northeasternmost point flowing southeast from the slopes of Mount Raukumara in the Raukumara Range to reach the Waiapu River five kilometres northeast of Ruatoria.
 Shielmartin Hill or Shelmartin (163 metres (535 ft) high) is a peak on Howth Head. From it can be seen Portmarnock Sutton Bull Island and the coastal areas behind it and most of Dublin Bay.
 Ullsfjorden (Northern Sami: Moskavuotna) is a fjord in the municipalities of Tromsø Karlsøy and Lyngen in Troms county Norway. The 75-kilometre (47 mi) fjord flows from Sjøvassbotn northwards along the west side of the Lyngen Peninsula (where the famous Lyngen Alps are located). The Kjosen fjord branches off to the east side and the Grøtsundet branches off to the west (which then flows into the Tromsøysundet). The islands of Reinøya and Karlsøya lie along the western side of the fjord.
 The Corbu River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Belayan River is a river of Borneo Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Mahakam River.
 Hayn is a lunar impact crater that lies next to the northeast limb of the Moon. This location restricts the amount of detail that can be viewed from the Earth as the western inner side is permanently hidden from sight. Observation of this crater can also be affected by libration which can completely hide this crater from sight.This crater lies across the northwestern rim of the walled plain Bel'kovich to the north of the Mare Humboldtianum.
 Col des Ares (el. 797 m.) is a mountain pass located in Haute-Garonne between Juzet-d'Izaut and Fronsac some thirty kilometres north of Bagnères-de-Luchon and south-west of Aspet.
 Scawt Hill is a volcanic plug in County Antrim Northern Ireland in the borough of Larne 5 km from the village of Ballygalley.It gets its name from the Ulster Scots 'scawd' meaning scaly scabby or rugged. Alternately 'scawt' meaning scruffy and contemptible and when applied to rocks covered in barnacles.
 Posionjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Koutajoki main catchment area. It is located in Posio municipality in the region Lapland in Finland.
 The Grui River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
 In 1959 the Maine Legislature voted to give the various mountains and ranges in Maine the collective name of the Longfellow Mountains in honor of the Maine-born poet Henry Wadsworth Longfellow (1807–1882). Despite its official status the term has very little currency. Most of Maine's mountains are part of the Appalachian Mountains which extends across the state from northern New Hampshire northeastward to the Canadian provinces of New Brunswick and Quebec.
 The Pfunderer Bach (Italian: Rio di Fundres) is a stream in South Tyrol Italy.
 Iron Hill is a prominent geographical feature in the vicinity of Newark Delaware in the United States. With a peak elevation of 331 feet (101 m) it is the highest hill in Delaware though not the state's highest point as the Piedmont plateau region near Centreville reaches a higher elevation of 448 feet (137 m) at Ebright Azimuth. The hill is named for its iron deposits which were mined over a 200-year period during the 18th and 19th centuries.
 Lake Engozero (Russian: Энгозеро) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia Russia. It has an area of 122 km² (without islands) length of 36.4 km width of 7.9 km and a maximum depth of 18 m. There are 144 islands with total area of 14 km² on the lake.
 Lake Poygan located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin near the village of Winneconne is an expansive widening of the Wolf River totaling over 14000 acres (57 km²). Lake Poygan is part of the Winnebago Pool a series of interconnected lakes fed by both the Fox and Wolf Rivers.
 Yushan (Chinese: 玉山; pinyin: Yù Shān; literally Jade Mountain) also Mount Yu is the highest mountain in Taiwan and the fourth highest mountain on an island. In the past Yushan was known among English-speaking expats and missionaries as Mount Morrison thought to have been named in honor of the 19th century missionary Robert Morrison.
 The Izvorul Rece River is a headwater of the Ungureni River in Romania.
 Rannach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Bolovanul River or Bolovanu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Stehekin River is a river located in Washington state in the Pacific Northwest of the United States. It is the main river flowing into Lake Chelan. Miners arrived in Stehekin River Valley in the late 19th century. They were followed by homesteaders in the early 20th century.
 Barcoongere River a watercourse of the Wooli Wooli River catchment is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Lay (French: le Lay) is a 120.3 km (74.8 mi) long river in the Vendée département western France. Its source is at Saint-Pierre-du-Chemin. It flows generally southwest. It flows into the Bay of Biscay between La Faute-sur-Mer and L'Aiguillon-sur-Mer 20 km (12 mi) northwest of La Rochelle.Its main tributaries are the Yon and the Smagne.
 Schwarzbach (Sebnitz) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Wairaurahiri River is a river in southern Fiordland New Zealand draining Lake Hauroko into the sea.Many boats have got into trouble along its length as the river flows quite quickly with grade-3 rapids so the main boats that use the river are commercial jetboats.
 Pulai River is located within the Malaysian state of Johor. It runs from Mount Pulai until Tanjung Pelepas draining into the Tebrau Straits. At its mouth lays the single largest seagrass bed in Malaysia which extents all the way to Pulau Merambong. Sungai Pulai is also a Mangrove Forest Reserve.
 South Meadow Brook Reservoir also known as South Meadow Brook Pond is a 25-acre (100000 m2) pond in Carver Massachusetts. South Meadow Brook flows through the pond. The pond is located north of Edaville Railroad.
 Mount Harmston is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located approximately 33 km (21 mi) southwest of Courtenay and 3 km (2 mi) north of The Red Pillar.Mount Harmston is part of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 The Bonito River (Rio das Flores) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Leqinat lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Leqinatit or Leqinati or Liqeni i Kuqishtës) is a mountain lake found on the Mount Leqinat in the Prokletije range in western Kosovo. This lake is well known throughout Kosovo and is visited by people going to the Rugova Canyon or by people climbing nearby peaks such as Lićenat at 2341 m (7680 ft) and Žuti kamen at 2522 m (8274 ft). Lake Lićenat is at an elevation of 1970 m (6463 ft). Lake Lićenat is just above the village of Kućište.
 The Bévéra (in French) or Bevera (in Italian) (Beura in Occitan and Ligurian) is a river of southeastern France and northwestern Italy. Its source is in the Maritime Alps near Moulinet in the French Alpes-Maritimes department. It flows generally southeast through Sospel crosses the Italian border (province of Imperia) and discharges into the river Roya near Ventimiglia. Its length within France is 27 km.
 The Macacos River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Yegorlyk (Russian: Егорлык or Большой Егорлык) is a river in Russia a tributary of the Manych River.
 Moon Lake is a high mountain reservoir on the south slope of the High Uintas in Duchesne County Utah. Recreation management is under the jurisdiction of the U.S. Forest Service as the lake is part of the Ashley National Forest. In 1938 the United States Bureau of Reclamation completed the earthen the Moon Lake Dam on the Lake Fork River to expand the size of the existing natural lake for irrigation. The dam has a height of 98 feet and the expanded reservoir a capacity of 49500 acre-feet.
 Massawepie Lake is located in the Adirondack Mountains of New York State U.S. and a Boy Scout camp surrounding the lake. Lake Massawepie is located in the town of Piercefield in southern St. Lawrence County New York approximately 12 miles (19 km) southwest of the village of Tupper Lake New York. The lake is approximately 750 acres (3.0 km2) at an elevation of approximately 1700 feet (520 m) above sea level and flows south into one of the tributaries of the Grasse River.
 The Metolius River (pronounced muh TOLL ee us) is a tributary of the Deschutes River (through Lake Billy Chinook) in Central Oregon United States near the city of Sisters. The river flows north from springs near Black Butte then turns sharply east descending through a series of gorges before ending in the western end of the lake.
 Cefn yr Ystrad is a mountain in the Brecon Beacons National Park in Wales. It is an outlier of the Central Beacons group.The broad northeast - southwest aligned ridge reaches an elevation of 617 metres (2024 ft). One of the southernmost peaks in the Brecon Beacons it rises to the east of Pontsticill Reservoir. The summit area is a great stretch of wild moorland with the highest point marked by a trig point.
 The Tsitsikamma River (Afrikaans: Tsitsikammarivier) is a small river at the western end of the Eastern Cape coast South Africa. It is part of the Fish to Tsitsikama Water Management Area.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Martin County Minnesota United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 1119 feet (341 m).
 The Valea lui Ion River is a tributary of the Râul Câinelui in Romania.
 Amor Lakeis a lake on Vancouver Island at the head of Amor De Cosmos Creek and northwest of the city of Campbell River.
 The Gauley River is a 105-mile-long (169 km) river in West Virginia. It merges with the New River to form the Kanawha River a tributary of the Ohio River. It is one of the most popular advanced whitewater runs in the Eastern United States and is the chief feature of the Gauley River National Recreation Area.
 Mount Ishikawa (石川岳 Ishikawa dake) is a mountain in Uruma City Okinawa. It is the highest point in the city standing at 204 metres (669 ft). The former city of Ishikawa was named after this mountain and the nearby Ishikawa River. There are hiking trails to the summit although some have become overgrown.
 'Spring Pond United States (formerly known as Mineral Spring Mineral Pond and the little lake of Lynnmere) abuts the three cities of Lynn Peabody (formerly Danvers) and Salem. In the center of these townships is a beautiful pond. It is a secluded lake known by residents of the three cities and visitors who come to enjoy the camps trails and natural environment of the woods. It is in fact one of the most picturesque and romantic lakelets in Massachusetts.
 Matchlee Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 18 km (11 mi) south of Gold River and 16 km (10 mi) west of Golden Hinde.
 The Ciuma River is a tributary of the Bârsa lui Bucur River in Romania.
 The Căpâlnaș River or Căpâlna River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Usumacinta River (named after the Howler monkey) is a river in southeastern Mexico and northwestern Guatemala. It is formed by the junction of the Pasión River which arises in the Sierra de Santa Cruz (in Guatemala) and the Salinas River also known as the Chixoy or the Negro which descends from the Sierra Madre de Guatemala.
 Kirchbach (Gräbenackers Bach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Grande de Jayuya River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Dickson Lake is a lake located north of Great Central Lake in Newcastle Land District British Columbia. Robert Brown in 1864 on the Vancouver Island Exploring Expedition named the lake after Dr. James Dickson.
 The Mississippi River is a tributary of the Ottawa River in eastern Ontario in Canada. It is 200 kilometres (120 mi) in length from its source in Upper Mazinaw Lake has a drainage area of 4450 square kilometres (1720 sq mi) and has a mean discharge of 40 cubic metres per second (1400 cu ft/s). There are more than 250 lakes in the watershed.From its headwaters at Mazinaw Lake to its confluence at the Ottawa River near Fitzroy Harbour the river drops 323 metres in elevation.
 The Jubba River (Somali: Wabiga Jubba Italian: Giuba) is a river in southern Somalia. It begins at the border with Ethiopia where the Dawa and Ganale Dorya rivers meet and flows directly south to the Indian Ocean where it empties at the Goobweyn juncture.
 Qalorngoorneq is a 676 metres (2218 ft) high mountain in southeastern Greenland located in the eastern part of Kulusuk Island to the southeast of the Kulusuk Airport. It is the highest mountain on the island.
 The Robești River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Dog River is a 15.7-mile-long (25.3 km) river in Georgia. The river rises south of Villa Rica in Carroll County flows east into Douglas County then turns southeastward into Dog River Reservoir. The reservoir completed in 1992 impounded 1.2 billion US gallons (4500000 m3) of water before the dam and water level were increased in 2009. The reservoir serves as a water source for Douglas County. After leaving the reservoir the Dog River flows into the Chattahoochee River.
 The Pârâul Pietros is a tributary of the Valea Baciului River in Romania.
 Mount Tongkoko or Mount Tangkoko is a stratovolcano in the north of Sulawesi Indonesia. Its summit has an elongated deep crater. On the east flank there is a flat lava dome Batu Angus. Historical records only show eruptions in the nineteenth century.The Tangkoko Nature Reserve is a refuge for such species as the Celebes Crested Macaque and spectral tarsier.
 The Blackwater River is a 34.3-mile-long (55.2 km) river in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia USA. Via the Black Fork it is a principal tributary of the Cheat River. Via the Cheat the Monongahela and the Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River and drains an area of 142 square miles (370 km2). It is a true blackwater stream owing to spruce and hemlock trees in its watershed the tannins of which impart a tea or amber color to its water.
 The Tinoasa River is a tributary of the Râul Câinelui in Romania.
 Bobin Creek a non–perennial stream of the Manning River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Drużno (Polish: Jezioro Druzno; German: Drausensee Lithuanian: Drūsuo) is a body of water historically considered a lake in northern Poland on the east side of the Vistula delta near the city of Elbląg. As it is currently not deep enough to qualify as a lake hydrologically and receives some periodic inflow of sea water from the Vistula Lagoon along the Elbląg River some suggest that it be termed an estuary reservoir.
 The Jejuí Guazú River is a river of Paraguay. It flows from the department of Canindeyú crosses the department of San Pedro just south of the department capital of San Pedro de Ycuamandiyú to join the Paraguay river.
 Puncak Trikora until 1963 Wilhelmina Peak is a 4730 or 4750 m (15584 ft) high mountain in the Papua province of Indonesia on New Guinea. It lies in the eastern part of the Sudirman (Nassau) Range of the Maoke Mountains. Behind Puncak Jaya (Carstensz Pyramid) at 4884 m (16024 ft) it is either the second or third highest mountain on the island of New Guinea and the Australasian continent.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 San Juan River is a river of north-eastern Venezuela. It flows into the Gulf of Paria.
 The Mangahao River is located in the North Island of New Zealand. The headwaters are in the Tararua Ranges. The river flows northeast feeds into the Manawatu River south of Woodville.There are two dams on the river which tunnel water via a third reservoir on the Tokomaru River to the Mangahao Power Station located on the Mangaore Stream near Shannon.
 The Uzh (Ukrainian: Уж) is a river a right tributary of the Pripyat which empties into the Kiev Reservoir in central Ukraine. It takes its source in the Zhytomyr Oblast (province) of northern Ukraine and then flows briefly near the delta of the Berezina River. The Uzh then flows near the city of Chernobyl of Kiev Oblast into the Pripyat River.Its length is 256 km (159 mi) and its drainage basin is 8080 km2 (3120 sq mi).
 Skjern River (Danish: Skjern Å) is the largest river in Denmark in terms of volume. The river drains about one tenth of Denmark and discharges 206 m³/s (89100 ft³/s) of water into the Ringkøbing Fjord - a lagoon and former bay of the North Sea. The river has its name from town of Skjern located at the river delta (the only river delta in the country) at Ringkøbing Fjord.
 Harrisville Pond is a 138-acre (0.56 km2) water body located in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire in the town of Harrisville. It is one of many lakes and ponds along Nubanusit Brook. Water from Nubanusit Lake flows via the Great Meadows into the pond on the north side and out of the pond at two dams on the south side.
 The Cromford Canal ran 14.5 miles (23.3 kilometres) from Cromford to the Erewash Canal in Derbyshire England with a branch to Pinxton. Built by William Jessop with the assistance of Benjamin Outram its alignment included four tunnels and 14 locks.From Cromford it ran south following the 275-foot (84 m) contour line along the east side of the valley of the Derwent to Ambergate where it turned eastwards along the Amber valley.
 The Hinterer Bratschenkopf is a mountain in the Glockner Group on the Fusch-Kaprun ridge (Fuscher / Kapruner Kamm) in the High Tauern a high mountain range in the Austrian Central Alps. According to the listed sources it is 3412 metres high but the Austrian Federal Office for Metrology and Survey gives its height as 3413 metres. The mountain lies in the Austrian state of Salzburg.
 The South Fork Coos River is a tributary about 32 miles (51 km) long of the Coos River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Formed by the confluence of the Williams River and Tioga Creek it begins in eastern Coos County near the Douglas County line and flows generally northwest through the Southern Oregon Coast Range. East of the city of Coos Bay it joins the Millicoma River to form the Coos River.
 The Ghiula River is a tributary of the Mostiştea River in Romania.
 The Vulcanu River is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Bisericii is a tributary of the Băiașu River in Romania
 Mòruisg is a Scottish mountain situated in the Glencarron and Glenuig Forest 10 kilometres south west of the village of Achnasheen in the Highland council area.
 Flörkendorfer Mühlenau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Leszczka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Nurzec.
 Bideford Bay also known as Barnstaple Bay and often shown on maps as Barnstaple or Bideford Bay is a large area of water on the northwest coast of Devon in South West England at the southwestern end of the Bristol Channel where it joins the Celtic Sea. The bay extends from Hartland Point in the southwest to Morte Point in the northeast a distance of 14 miles (23 km) and is partly sheltered by the island of Lundy 12 miles (19 km) offshore.
 Hochstein is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Do Frade River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Emmons Glacier is on the northeast flank of Mount Rainier in Washington. At 4.3 sq mi (11 km2) it has the largest surface area of any glacier in the contiguous United States. The glacier was named after the geologist Samuel Franklin Emmons after his involvement in a survey of Mount Rainier in 1870.Starting at an elevation of over 13800 ft (4200 m) the Emmons glacier flows down eastward.
 Ameisnockenkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Stanley Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located at the base of the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 7 miles (11 km) west of Stanley readily accessed via a 3 miles (4.8 km) spur road from State Highway 21. The surface elevation of the lake is 6513 feet (1985 m) above sea level.Stanley Lake is northeast of the base of the 9860 feet (3010 m) McGown Peak and just south of the considerably smaller Elk Peak.
 The Paso Internacional Los Libertadores also called Cristo Redentor is a mountain pass in the Andes between Argentina and Chile. It is the main transport route out of Chilean capital city Santiago into Mendoza city in Argentina and so carries quite heavy traffic.
 Pulverbach is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Steinach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Yukon Ranges are a mountain range comprising the mountains in the southeastern part of the U.S. state of Alaska and most of the Yukon Canada. Named after the Yukon this range has area of 364710 km².
 The Aricanduva River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Lake Achen is a lake north of Jenbach in Tyrol Austria. It is the largest lake within the federal state and has a maximal depth of 133 metres. Together with the Achental valley it parts the Karwendel mountain range in the west from the Brandenberg Alps in the east.Water quality is near drinking water with sight up to 10 m below the surface. An alpine lake water temperature is accordingly low rarely above 20 °C.
 The Ibana River is a tributary of the Simila River in Romania.
 The Palhano River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Little MacLeod Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Holzminde is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Tâncava River is a tributary of the Bădeni river in Romania.
 Moncreiffe Hill is a long wooded ridge that lies south of Perth Scotland. It can be easily seen on the right during the final stages of the drive north towards Perth on the M90 motorway.
 This article is for a mountain in western Montana.Mount Calowahcan or Mount Harding is second highest peak in the Mission Mountains and is located in northwestern Montana in the United States. East of the mountain is the Swan Valley and to the west side is the Mission Valley.
 Engli is a lake in Estonia.
 The Pucioasele River is a tributary of the Râmnicel River in Romania.
 The Knife River (Minnesota-Ontario) is a river of Minnesota.
 Husemersee (or Hausersee) is a lake at Ossingen in the Canton of Zurich Switzerland. Its surface area is 8 ha.
 The Calcasieu Ship Channel is a waterway that connects the city of Lake Charles Louisiana with the Gulf of Mexico. Its existence allows the Port of Lake Charles which is actually more than 30 miles from the Gulf to be the 11th largest seaport in the United States.
 The Bouțu River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 The Little Ocmulgee River is a 28.3-mile-long (45.5 km) tributary of the Ocmulgee River in the U.S. state of Georgia.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Clăbuceasa River in Romania.
 The Koblenz–Trier Railway is a railway line in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate located mostly on the left (northern) bank of the Moselle connecting Koblenz via Bullay to Trier. It is known in German as the Moselstrecke literally Moselle stretch.
 Diamond Peak elevation 9645 ft (2940 m) is a summit in northwest Colorado. The peak is northeast of Browns Park National Wildlife Refuge in Moffat County.The peak figured in a salting scheme of 1872 known as the Great Diamond Fraud. It was solved by Clarence King the noted geologist and surveyor.There are two other Diamond Peaks in Colorado one in Routt County and the other in Jackson County.
 Gökgöl Cave is a cave in Zonguldak Province Turkey
 Yegoshikha (Russian: Егоши́ха IPA: [jɛɡəˈʃɨxə]) formerly Yagoshikha (Russian: Ягоши́ха) is a river in Perm Krai Russia being the left tributary of the Kama. In spite of its relatively small size it is famous for its historical significance. It mainly flows along the east and west borders of the city of Perm. The source of the Yegoshikha river is in the forest area close to Lipovaya Gora and Vladimirskiy microdistricts.
 Starvation Lake is a small recreational and fishing lake in Kalkaska County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The 125-acre (0.5 km2) lake is approximately 0.8 miles (1.3 km) long and has a maximum depth of 47 feet (14 m). The lake is fed primarily from submerged springs with the remainder from direct rainfall and runoff.The unusual name has been explained in local folklore. The area around the lake prior to being developed was used primarily for hunting and trapping.
 The Deluganul River is a tributary of the Şaru River in Romania.
 The Alligator Lake is an alpine lake near Whitehorse in southern Yukon. The Alligator Lake Volcanic Complex being in the vicinity is named after it.
 The Green River is a 65-mile (105 km) long river in the state of Washington in the United States arising on the western slopes of the Cascade Mountains south of I-90.The upper Green River valley forms the western approach to Stampede Pass and was once home to many small railroad and logging towns such as Weston Lester Green River Hot Springs Nagrom Maywood Humphreys Eagle Gorge Lemolo and Kanaskat.
 Dyoma (Bashkir: Дим Dim Russian: Дёма) is a river in the Republic of Bashkortostan Russia. It flows north and joins the Belaya River at Ufa. The river is 535 km long with a drainage basin of 12 800 km² and an average discharge of 35 m³/s. The Dyoma has its sources on the northern slopes of the Obshchy Syrt plateau at the border of Orenburg Oblast north of the south-flowing Salmysh branch of the Sakmara River.
 The Valea Cetății River is a river intercepted by the Canalul Timiș (Timiș Canal) in the city of Braşov Romania. It is formed at the junction of two headwaters: Valea Hoţilor and Valea Şindilei
 Elysium Mons is a volcano on Mars located in the volcanic province Elysium at 25.02°N 147.21°E﻿ / 25.02; 147.21 in the Martian eastern hemisphere. It stands about 13.9 km (46000 ft) above the surrounding lava plains and about 16 km (52000 ft) above the Martian datum. Its diameter is about 240 km (150 mi) with a summit caldera about 14 km (8.7 mi) across.
 The Pârâul Întunecat is a tributary of the Pârâul Şoimului in Romania.
 Oelze is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Maïdo is a volcanic peak on the island of Réunion located above the city of Saint Paul and overlooking the Cirque de Mafate.The road climbing from Saint Paul to Maïdo goes through a forest of highland tamarin which is a popular area for family picnics.
 The Iton is a river in Normandy France left tributary of the river Eure. Its source is near Moulins-la-Marche.
 Bill Gunn Dam 1.5 km (0.93 mi) west of the town of Laidley in South East Queensland was developed to increase the capacity of the existing Lake Dyer a natural lake adjacent to Laidley Creek a tributary of Lockyer Creek. The dam was named after the Australian politician Bill Gunn and is managed by SunWater.The 1170 m (3840 ft) long earthfill structure has a maximum height of 12 m (39 ft) and an overflow spillway which diverts excess water into Laidley Creek.
 Raumberg (Sächsische Schweiz) is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Harhiraa (Mongolian: Хархираа lit. common crane) is a mountain of the Altai Mountains and is located in the Uvs Province in Mongolia. It has an elevation of 4040 metres (13255 ft).
 Campbells River a perennial stream that is part of the Upper Macquarie catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the central–western region of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range about 6.4 kilometres (4.0 mi) south of Black Springs.
 Kelly Mountain with a summit elevation of 8826 feet (2690 m) is a peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Blaine County on the border of Sawtooth National Forest and Bureau of Land Management land. It is located in the watersheds of Elk Kelly and Wolftone creeks all in the watershed of the Big Wood River. It is about 5.8 mi (9.3 km) southeast of Buttercup Mountain. No roads or trails go to the summit.
 Seulbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Humboldt River runs through northern Nevada in the western United States. At approximately 330 miles (530 km) long it is the third longest river in the Great Basin after the Bear and Sevier Rivers. It has no outlet to the ocean but instead empties into the Humboldt Sink. It is the fifth largest river in the United States in terms of discharge that does not ultimately reach the ocean while it is the largest in terms of area drained.
 The Abloux is a 49.6 km (30.8 mi) long river in the Creuse and Indre départements central France. Its source is at Bazelat. It flows generally northwest. It is a right tributary of the Anglin into which it flows at Prissac.
 The River Farset (An Fhearsaid or Abhainn na Feirste in Irish) is a river in Belfast Northern Ireland a tributary of the River Lagan. It is on the County Antrim side of the Lagan and joins the Lagan close to its outflow into Belfast Lough. The River Farset is now contained within a tunnel under Belfast's High Street; a tunnel supposedly big enough to take a bus.
 Swan Bay is a shallow 30-square-kilometre (12 sq mi) marine embayment at the eastern end of the Bellarine Peninsula in Port Phillip Victoria Australia. The township of Queenscliff lies at its southern end and St Leonards at its northern. It is partly separated from Port Phillip by Swan Island Duck Island and Edwards Point.
 The Ravi (Urdu: راوی‎ Sanskrit: इरावती परुष्णि Hindi: रावी Punjabi: ਰਾਵੀ راوی) is a trans-boundary river flowing through Northwestern India and eastern Pakistan. It is one of the six rivers of the Indus System in Punjab region (name of Punjab means Five Rivers).Under the Indus Waters Treaty of 1960 the waters of the Ravi and five other rivers are divided between India and Pakistan.
 The Saddle (Scottish Gaelic: An Dìollaid pronounced [ən̪ˠ ˈtʲiəlˠ̪ətʲ]) is one of the great Scottish mountains; seen from the site of the Battle of Glen Shiel it forms (with Faochag) one of the best-known views in the Highlands. It is in the Highland local government area on the boundary between the counties of Inverness-shire and Ross and Cromarty.The mountain provides exciting and challenging climbing.
 Schwelme is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Piz Radönt is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking the Fuorcla da Grialetsch in the canton of Graubünden. It lies south of the Flüela Schwarzhorn on the range between the Dischma valley and the Flüela Pass.
 Pandoh Dam is situated in Mandi district and created by Pandoh Dam. The lake is the reservoir of the dam which has been targeted at the generation of hydroelectric generation. The lake diverts the water from River Beas and pours it into the River Satluj. The dam is under Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB) and the road built over the dam is a part of NH 21.
 Monte Vermenone is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 Yana Mawras (Quechua yana black hispanicized spellings Yanamauras Yana Mauras) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 3761 metres (12339 ft) high. It is situated in the Valley of the Volcanoes in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province Andagua District. Yana Mawras lies south-west of the volcano Puka Mawras and east of the volcano T'iksu.
 The Stort Navigation is the canalised section of the River Stort running 22 kilometres (14 mi) from the town of Bishop's Stortford Hertfordshire downstream to its confluence with the River Lee Navigation at Feildes Weir near Rye House Hoddesdon Hertfordshire.
 The Färichhorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located between the Mattertal and the Saastal in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Balfrin at a height of 3292 metres above sea level.
 The 554 m above sea level high Weinbiet on the forest estates of the town of Neustadt an der Weinstraße in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate is one of the highest hills on the eastern edge of the Palatine Forest the Haardt by the Upper Rhine Plain. On the summit there is an inn the Weinbiethaus a stone-built panorama tower with a weather station and a radio transmission mast.The two striking towers have made the hill a regional landmark above the plains roughly 400 metres below.
 Hok Tau Reservoir (Chinese: 鶴藪水塘 Pinyin: Hedou Shuitang) is a small S-shaped reservoir situated in the northeastern New Territories Hong Kong. The Tan Shan River flows through the reservoir and eventually empties into the Ng Tung River. The reservoir can be accessed by Stage 9 of the Wilson Trail or by the Hok Tau Reservoir Family Walk.It is within the borders of Pat Sin Leng Country Park and the family trail has many barbecue sites adjacent to the reservoir.
 Manilla River a perennial stream that is part of the Namoi catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.The stream (called a river) rises south–west of Barraba on the northern slopes of the Baldwins Range and drains a portion of the hill country on the western side of the New England highlands and the southern slopes of the Nandewar Range; flowing generally north and east and to the town of Barraba.
 Winslow Crater is a crater in the Iapygia quadrangle of Mars located at 3.8° and 300.8° W. It is 1.0 km in diameter and was named after a Town in Arizona that is just east of Meteor Crater. Winslow Crater on the Earth and Mars have similar size and infrared characteristics.
 Zinnkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.It rises 1227 m above sea level.
 Goryeosan is a mountain in Incheon South Korea. It has an elevation of 436 m (1430 ft).
 Queen Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lake Apopka is the third largest lake in the U.S. state of Florida. It is located 15 miles (24 km) northwest of Orlando mostly within the bounds of Orange County although the western part is in Lake County. Fed by a natural spring rainfall and stormwater runoff water from Lake Apopka flows through the Apopka-Beauclair Canal and into Lakes Beauclair and Dora.
 Newmarket Hill is situated in the parish of Kingston near Lewes. It is located midway between and within walking distance of two of the most important population centres in East Sussex Brighton and Lewes.
 Sullivans Pond is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. It is located in the center of Dartmouth city across the bay from Halifax city.
 Drosgl is a summit of the Carneddau range in Snowdonia Wales and forms a part of the western Carneddau also known as the Berau meaning stacks or ricks.It lies on a ridge heading west from Garnedd Uchaf and Bera Mawr towards Bethesda. A large ancient burial cairn dating from the Bronze Age adorns the summit from where good views of Cwm Caseg and the Menai can be seen.
 The Trent River is a river in southeastern Ontario which flows from Rice Lake to empty into the Bay of Quinte on Lake Ontario. This river is part of the Trent-Severn Waterway which leads to Georgian Bay. The river is 90 km long. The Trent drains a large portion of south-central Ontario including most of the Kawartha Lakes and their supplying watersheds.The river is host to numerous species of birds amphibians and fish.
 Chasewater is a reservoir located in the parish of Burntwood and the district of Lichfield in Staffordshire England. Originally known as Norton Pool and Cannock Chase Reservoir it was created as a canal feeder reservoir in 1797. The reservoir was created to directly supply the Wyrley and Essington Canal and maintain levels in the 160 mile Birmingham Canal Network.
 The upper and lower Grassi Lakes lie above Canmore beyond the Rundle Reservoir in Alberta Canada.They are named after Lawrence Grassi (1890–1980) an Italian miner who emigrated to Canada in 1912. After working with the Canadian Pacific Railway for several years he worked in the Canmore coal mines.
 Cepheus is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northeastern part of the Moon within one crater diameter of the larger crater Franklin to the southeast. To the north-north-east is the flooded crater Oersted. The proximity of this formation to the lunar limb means it appears oblong when viewed from the Earth due to foreshortening.This is a relatively young formation and the rim is still sharp and well-defined.
 The Wallowa Mountains are a mountain range located in the Columbia Plateau of northeastern Oregon in the United States. The range runs approximately 40 mi (64 km) northwest to southeast in southwestern Wallowa County between the Blue Mountains to the west and the Snake River to the east. The range is sometimes considered to be an eastern spur of the Blue Mountains and it is known as the Alps of Oregon.
 The Harts River (Afrikaans: Hartsrivier) is a northern tributary of the Vaal River which in turn is the largest tributary of the Orange River (also known as the Gariep River the largest river in South Africa).
 The Luda Bara River or Seceani River is a tributary of the Măgheruş River in Romania.
 Valaichchenai Lagoon is an estuarine lagoon in Batticaloa District eastern Sri Lanka. Batticaloa district has three lagoons such Valaichchenai Lagoon Batticaloa Lagoon and Vakari Lagoon. Valaichchenai lagoon is situated in populated areas of Valaichchenai Oddamavadi.The lagoon has muddy islands mangroves corals and marshes and it unites Valaichchenai and Maduru Oya rivers. It opens the bay during rainy season which happens in November & December.
 The Pedley Hills are a low mountain range of the northern Peninsular Ranges System in northwestern Riverside County California.They are located to the west of and across the Santa Ana River from the City of Riverside.
 Mount E (恵山 E-san) is an active stratovolcano of the Kameda peninsula. It is located in Hakodate Hokkaido Japan. Mount E is part of Esan Prefectural Natural Park.
 Yerupaja Chico is a mountain in Peru.Yerupaja Chicho rises 6121 metres (20082 ft) and neighboring Yerupaja Grande rises 6617 metres (21709 ft). The names' literal translations are yerupaja – smaller and yerupaja – larger. They are two peaks in the Peruvian Andes. They can be viewed from above Laguna Solteracocha on the way up to Punta Sambuya on trekking trails through the Huayhuash.
 The Washington Channel is a channel that parallels the Potomac River in Washington D.C. It is located between the Southwest Waterfront on the east side and East Potomac Park on the west side. The channel is two miles long receives outflow from the Tidal Basin at its north end and empties into the Anacostia River at Hains Point at its south end.
 The Mountain Boy Range is a mountain range in Eureka County Nevada.
 The Dammastock (3630 m) is the highest mountain in the Urner Alps in Switzerland. Its summit ridge forms the border between the cantons of Uri and the Valais. It is the highest summit in the canton of Uri. The tripoint between the cantons of Berne Valais and Uri lies near the Eggstock north of the Dammastock.
 Camas Creek is a 63-mile (101 km) long tributary of Mud Lake in the U.S. state of Idaho. Beginning at an elevation of 6287 feet (1916 m) near Kilgore in northeastern Clark County it flows southwest into Jefferson County and receives its largest tributary Beaver Creek. It then passes through the Camas National Wildlife Refuge and reaches its mouth northeast of the town of Mud Lake at an elevation of 4783 feet (1458 m). Camas Creek has a 1011-square-mile (2618 km2) watershed.
 Countryside Lake is a manmade lake located in Lake County Illinois. The private lake is in the center of the Countryside neighborhood and is designated for use by the CLA (Countryside Lake Association) and their guests. Countryside Lake was created in 1926 by putting a dam at the end of a boggy stream. After the dam was created dredging equipment was brought to clear the surrounding area to expand the stream into a lake.
 The Hungry Range or Hungry Mountain is a low elongated mountain in Washoe County Nevada. The mountain separates Hungry Valley on the east from Antelope Valley on the west.
 Jayu Quta (Aymara jayu salt quta lake salt lake; hispanicized spellings: Jayo Khota Jayu Khota / Jayu Kkota) is a maar partially filled with water in the Bolivian Altiplano north of the Salar de Uyuni and east of the Salar de Coipasa situated in the Oruro Department Ladislao Cabrera Province Salinas de Garci Mendoza Municipality Villa Esperanza Canton. It was originally misidentified as a meteorite impact crater.
 Mount Dixon is the 23rd highest peak in New Zealand rising to a height of 3019 metres. It is located in the Southern Alps of the South Island within Aoraki/Mount Cook National Park and only a short distance from its more illustrious neighbour Aoraki/Mount Cook.
 Goya is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 135 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Goya is named for the Spanish artist Francisco Goya who lived from 1746 to 1828.
 The Central Fells are a group of hills in the English Lake District. Reaching their highest point at High Raise (2500 ft or 762 metres) they occupy a broad area to the east of Borrowdale. Perhaps unexpectedly the Central Fells are generally lower than the surrounding hills the Lake District's general dome-like structure having a slight dip in the middle.
 The Ocnița River is a tributary of the Slănic de Gura Ocniței River in Romania.
 The Stoianița River is a tributary of the Curteasa river in Romania.
 Hoklingen is a lake in the municipality of Levanger in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The 6.1-square-kilometre (2.4 sq mi) lake lies just to the east of the village of Åsen and about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) south of Skogn.The lake Movatnet is the main inflow of water into Hoklingen. There is a small dam that regulates the outflow of water at the southwest end of the lake. The water flows out into the river Fossingelva which then flows into the lake Hammervatnet.
 The Sand Hills are a mountain range in Harney County Oregon.
 Lake Kittamaqundi is a man made 27-acre (110000 m2) reservoir located in Columbia Maryland in the vicinity of the Mall in Columbia. It is also adjacent to the Rouse Company's offices and visible from US-29.The lake was created by the Rouse company in 1966 during the development of Columbia.
 The Sandover River is a river in northeast Central Australia. It is the only major tributary of the Georgina River that does not rise in western Queensland. Instead it flows from the eastern Macdonnell Ranges in the Northern Territory northward to enter the Georgina near Urandangi.
 The Teshio River (天塩川 Teshio-gawa) is a river in Hokkaido Japan. At 256 kilometres (159 mi) it is the fourth longest river in Japan.The name of the river derives from an Ainu word meaning fishing weir.
 Frying Pan Lake (renamed Waimangu Cauldron in 1963 though not widely used) is the largest hot spring in the world. It is located in Waimangu Volcanic Rift Valley New Zealand and maintains a temperature of 50-60°C.
 The Priest is a mountain in Nelson County Virginia. The peak of the mountain is the highest point in the county.
 The Pruncea River is a tributary of the Cașoca River in Romania.
 Aliceville Lake is a reservoir in western Alabama and eastern Mississippi on the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway. Close to Aliceville it is impounded by the Tom Bevill Lock and Dam.
 The Fish River New Zealand is a river in the Otago Region of New Zealand. A tributary of the Makarora River it rises east of Mount Burke and flows south-eastward through Mount Aspiring National Park to join that river south of Haast Pass.The river was named by Julius von Haast in 1863 Charles Cameron travelled up the Fish River a few weeks earlier.
 Lake Waingata is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Crivitz is an impact crater on Mars. It is named after the small town of Crivitz in western Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. The crater has a diameter of 6.1 kilometers and is located at 14.5 deg south and 174.7 deg east within the larger crater Gusev.The name was proposed by Stephan Gehrke in 2002 at the time a research associate of the TU Berlin working on cartographic software and a visiting researcher at the United States Geological Survey.
 The Pascu River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 Lake Wimauma on the south side of the town of Wimauma Florida could be considered two lakes basically round in shape. When the water level is high they are connected by a short narrow channel. The south part of the lake is much larger than the northern part. Lake Wimauma has a 108-acre (440000 m2) surface area. To the north of the northern part is Florida State Route 674. The entire lake is surrounded by trees grassland and a scattering of residences.
 Rogers Peak is the highest mountain in Tillamook County Oregon. Located in the Tillamook State Forest the peak is also the highest peak in the Northern Oregon Coast Range which is the northern section of the Oregon Coast Range.
 Kuorinka is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the region of Northern Karelia in Finland.Whole lake and the shores (13 km2) are protected in Natura 2000 conservation program (code FI0700089) due to lakes oligotrophic waters containing very few minerals of sandy plains.
 Swains Lake (also known as Union Lake) is a 349-acre (1.41 km2) water body located in Strafford County in eastern New Hampshire in the town of Barrington. Water from Swains Lake flows via the Bellamy River to the Piscataqua River estuary. A boat launch is available off Young Road. During the spring and summer it is a popular boating destination while the ice of the colder months connects several snowmobile paths.
 The Bayuda (or Baiyuda) Volcanic field is a collection of more than 90 eruptive centres including at least 15 named cinder cones and five named craters in the Bayuda Desert Sudan. The largest explosive crater Hosh ed Dalam is 1.3 km wide and approximately 500 m deep.
 The Black Fork is a principal tributary of the Mohican River 58.4 miles (94 km) long in north-central Ohio in the United States. Via the Mohican Walhonding Muskingum and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 351 square miles (909 km²).
 The Batson River is a 6.4-mile-long (10.3 km) river in the town of Kennebunkport in the U.S. state of Maine. It flows into the west end of Goosefare Bay an arm of the Atlantic Ocean north of the village of Cape Porpoise.
 The Twin Range is a mountain range within the White Mountains of New Hampshire.
 The Păuleasca River is a tributary of the Miceşti River in Romania.
 Lochend Loch once nearly 3 acres in surface area is now only a small freshwater loch remnant in the South Ayrshire Council Areas lying on the hill above Joppa between Gallowhill and Lochend Farm 0.5 km from Coylton in the parish of Coylton and 3 miles from Ayr. The loch once had a small island within it.
 The Sararé River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Viedma Glacier is a large glacier that is part of the huge Southern Patagonian Ice Field located at the southern end of mainland South America. Viedma Glacier is a valley glacier and its moraine-rich terminus flows into the western end of Lake Viedma which is fed primarily by its melting ice. Viedma Glacier is located in Los Glaciares National Park in the Patagonia region of Argentina which was declared a World Heritage Site in 1981.
 An Socach is a mountain at the head of Glen Cannich in the Highlands of Scotland. It is situated between Loch Mullardoch in Glen Cannich and Loch Monar in Glen Strathfarrar.
 The Waitangi River is one of two so named in the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south then east from its origins in hills north of Whangarei reaching the east coast at Ngunguru Bay five kilometres south of Ngunguru.
 The Tamga (Kyrgyz: Тамга) is a river in Jeti-Oguz District of Issyk Kul Province of Kyrgyzstan. It rises on north slopes of Teskey Ala-Too Range and flow into Issyk Kul Lake. The length of the river is 27 km (17 mi) basin area - 162 square kilometers.
 Portugués River (Spanish: Río Portugués) is a river in the municipality of Ponce Puerto Rico. The river is also known as Río Tibes in the area where it flows through barrio Tibes in the municipality of Ponce. Río Portugués has a length of nearly 30 kilometers (19 mi) and runs south from the Cordillera Central mountain range into the Caribbean Sea. The Portugués is one of the best-known rivers in Ponce because of its prominent zigzagging through the city and its historical significance.
 Jonsberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Back River is a 16-mile-long (26 km) waterway in coastal Maine in the combined estuary of the Sheepscot and the Kennebec rivers. The Back River runs from Wiscasset on the Sheepscot to Georgetown on the Kennebec intersecting another channel the Sasanoa River at Hockomock Bay.Maine State Route 144 bridges the northern section of the Back River from Wiscasset to Westport Island.
 The Bârlogu River is a tributary of the Robești River in Romania.
 The Calfpasture River is a river in the U.S. state of Virginia. It flows about 41.0 miles (66.0 km) from its source Gordons Peak in the Allegheny Mountains to its confluence with the Little Calfpasture River forming the Maury River. Via the Maury the Calfpasture's waters flow into the James River thence Chesapeake Bay and the Atlantic Ocean.According to the U.S.
 Elk Peak at 10582 feet (3225 m) above sea level is the eighth highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Boise and Custer counties. The peak is located 2.88 mi (4.63 km) west-northwest of Mount Cramer its line parent. It is the 240th highest peak in Idaho and 0.5 mi (0.80 km) south-southeast of Reward Peak.
 Gjegnen or Blånibba is the highest mountain in the municipality of Bremanger in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 1670-metre (5480 ft) tall mountain has a topographic prominence of 1460 metres (4790 ft) the fifth highest prominence in Norway. The glacier Gjegnalundsbreen lies directly to the east of the mountain. The mountain is about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of Ålfoten in Bremanger and about 22 kilometres (14 mi) northwest of Sandane in neighboring Gloppen municipality.
 West Mancos River is a 13.1-mile-long (21.1 km) tributary of the Mancos River in Montezuma County Colorado. The river flows from the confluence of its North and South forks in the San Juan National Forest to a confluence with the East Mancos River that forms the Mancos River.
 Murray Mouth (35°33′29″S 138°52′50″E) is the point at which the River Murray meets the southern Southern Ocean. The Murray Mouth's location is changeable. Historical records show that the channel out to sea moves along the sand dunes over time. At times of greater river flow and rough seas the two bodies of water would erode the sand dunes to create a new channel leaving the old one to silt and disappear. The mouth is between two sandhill peninsulas.
 The Ene River (Spanish: Río Ene) is a Peruvian river on the eastern slopes of the South American Andes.
 Kronach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Kuratau River is a river of the centre of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally eastwards initially flowing southeast from its sources in rough hill country south of the Pureora Forest Park before turning northeast to reach the small Lake Kuratau. From here it flows east five further kilometres before flowing into the southwest of Lake Taupo close to the settlement of Kuratau.
 The Limestone River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Northern Manitoba Canada. Its flows from Sakawisew Bay on Limestone Lake to the Nelson River just downstream from Limestone Generating Station and dam and adjacent to the Fox Lake Cree Nation and to the abandoned community of Sundance.
 Crowfoot Mountain is a mountain within Banff National Park in Alberta Canada. The Crowfoot Glacier sits on the northeastern flank of the mountain. The mountain was named in 1959 after the glacier.
 Plymouth Harbor is the name of a harbor located in Plymouth a town in the South Shore region of the Massachusetts USA. It is part of the larger Plymouth Bay. Historically Plymouth Harbor was the site of anchorage of the Mayflower where the Plymouth Colony pilgrims disembarked to establish a permanent settlement at Plymouth.
 The Bucureasa Mare River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Itanhauá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Eusternbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Copperas Mine Fork is a tributary of Island Creek 9.3 miles (15.0 km) long in southern West Virginia in the United States. Via Island Creek and the Guyandotte and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 45.4 square miles (118 km2) in a rural area on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau in the Logan Coalfield.
 The River Welland is a lowland river in the east of England some 65 miles (105 km) long. It drains part of the Midlands eastwards to The Wash. The river rises in the Hothorpe Hills at Sibbertoft in Northamptonshire then flows generally northeast to Market Harborough Stamford and Spalding to reach The Wash near Fosdyke. It is a major waterway across the part of the Fens called South Holland and is one of the Fenland rivers which were laid out with washlands.
 Williston Lake is a reservoir created by the W. A. C. Bennett Dam and is located in the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada.
 Kuybyshev Reservoir or Kuybyshevskoye Reservoir (Russian: Ку́йбышевское водохрани́лище Kuybyshevskoye Vodokhranilishche Tatar Cyrillic: Куйбышев сусаклагычы Latin: Kuybışev susaqlağıçı) sometimes called Samara Reservoir and informally called Kuybyshev Sea is a reservoir of the middle Volga and lower Kama in the Chuvash Republic Mari El Republic Republic of Tatarstan Samara Oblast and Ulyanovsk Oblast Russia.
 Mount Hatsuka (羽束山 Hatsuka-yama) is a 524.0 meter high Japanese mountain in Sanda Hyōgo Japan. Another name of this mountain is Mount Koge.Mount Hatsuka is an independent peak in Tamba Highland. This mountain is on a popular picnic course from Dojo Station to Kozuki Bus Stop of Shinki Bus. On the top of the mountain Hatsuka Shrine is extant.
 Lose Hill lies in the Derbyshire Peak District. It is the south-east corner of the parish of Edale and the end of the Great Ridge that runs from Rushup Edge to the west (over Mam Tor Hollins Cross and Back Tor).Local access activist G. H. B. Ward was given an area of Lose Hill by the Sheffield and District Federation of the Ramblers Association in 1945 which was named Ward's Piece; he subsequently presented this to the National Trust.Its counterpart is Win Hill lying to its east.
 Willis Mountain is a monadnock rising from the rolling Piedmont hills of Buckingham County Virginia near the geographic center of the state. It is composed of Kyanite-bearing quartz that weathers more slowly than the surrounding material. The Kyanite Mining Corporation of Dillwyn has mined Willis Mountain long enough to reduce significantly the profile of the mountain.
 The Darien River is a 10-mile-long (16 km) tidal river in the U.S. state of Georgia in the vicinity of the city of Darien. It is part of the large complex of salt marshes surrounding the mouth of the Altamaha River.
 Asheldham Brook is a river that flows entirely through the Maldon district in Essex United Kingdom. It has its main source near Batts Road in the St Lawrence parish and its mouth at Grange Outfall on the Dengie marshes flowing out into the North Sea.
 The Răchita River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Oefter Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Sharp is a lunar impact crater located to the west of the Sinus Iridum bay of the Mare Imbrium beyond the Montes Jura range. To the southwest is the crater Mairan. Because of its location and foreshortening Sharp appears elliptical whereas the crater rim is actually circular.Sharp is surrounded by a rugged region of mounts and rises. Ridges are joined to the north and south ends of the rim. The crater has a low central peak at the midpoint of the floor.
 Toru River is a river in southern Sumatra Indonesia.
 Cerro Noroeste is a mountain located in Southern California's Kern County a mile north of the Ventura County border. It is located a few miles southwest of the community of Pine Mountain Club at an elevation of 8283 feet (2525+ m). The mountain is located in the Los Padres National Forest.
 Rowleys River a perennial river of the Manning River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast districts of New South Wales Australia.
 Gadananathi is a river flowing in the Tirunelveli district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.
 The Acaray River is a river of Paraguay.
 Lohbach (Elbbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Skena River (Swedish: Skenaån) is a river in the province of Östergötland in eastern Sweden. Its well is on the plains of the town of Skänninge and it ends in the river Svartån (Black river).
 Heather Ridge is located in the Slate Range in Alberta.
 The River Sprint is a river in Cumbria England with its source high up on the south-facing side of Harter Fell. It flows into the River Kent just to the south of Burneside.The first two miles of the river is made up of a series of short flat sections interspersed by spectacular water falls before it enters Longsleddale valley.
 Mount Cayley is a potentially activestratovolcano in the Sea to Sky Country of southwestern British Columbia Canada.
 Fountain Creek is a 74.5-mile-long (119.9 km) creek in El Paso and Pueblo counties in Colorado in the United States. It is a tributary of the Arkansas River.
 Angle Tarn is a tarn to the north of Bowfell in the English Lake District. It drains into Langstrath Beck.
 Volcán Marmolejo is a 6108 m (20039 ft) high Pleistocene stratovolcano in the Andes on the border between Argentina and Chile. It is located 9 km (6 mi) NNE of the active San José volcano and has the distinction of being the southernmost 6000 m (19685 ft)-plus peak in the world.
 Diadem Peak is a peak located in the Sunwapta River Valley of Jasper National Park Canada. Diadem Peak is essentially the high point of a ridge leading down from the slightly higher Mount Woolley (3460 m (11352 ft)). This peak was the first 11000er north of the Columbia Icefield to be climbed and one of the few peaks in the Canadian Rockies to be climbed before 1900.The mountain was named in 1898 by the first ascent team of J. Norman Collie Hugh Stutfield and Hermann Woolley.
 The Oweegee Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains located on the east side of Bell-Irving River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Lac la Ronge is a glacial lake in Saskatchewan Canada. It is the fifth largest lake in the province.It is approximately 250 kilometres (160 mi) north of Prince Albert on the edge of the Canadian Shield. La Ronge Air Ronge and the Lac La Ronge First Nation are on the west shore. The lake is a popular vacation spot. Recreational activities include fishing boating canoeing hiking and camping.
 Ohlenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Town Hill is the highest point on the island of Bermuda at 79 metres.
 The Lötschen Pass (el. 2690 m.) (German: Lötschenpass also Lötschberg) is a high mountain pass in Switzerland across the Lötschberg connecting Kandersteg in the canton of Berne and Ferden in the canton of Valais.There is no actual mountain called Lötschberg. The pass lies between the Balmhorn on the west and Hockenhorn on the east. The pass is not accessible for cars but traffic goes through the Lötschberg Tunnel via railway.
 Envira River is a river of Acre and Amazonas states in western Brazil.
 The Quilombo River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. The river flows through the cities of São Carlos e Descalvado.
 Tenmile Creek is a tributary of the West Fork River 26.4 miles (42.5 km) long in north-central West Virginia in the United States. Via the West Fork Monongahela and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 126 square miles (330 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau. Tenmile Creek and its watershed are located entirely in western and northern Harrison County.
 The Harder Kulm is a Swiss mountain of the Bernese Alps located near the town of Interlaken in the Canton of Bern.
 The Pui River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 The Little Madawaska River is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in the Unorganized South Part of Nipissing District in northeastern Ontario Canada. The river is entirely within Algonquin Provincial Park and is a right tributary of the Petawawa River and not a tributary of the nearby Madawaska River.
 Lake Rożnow (Polish: Jezioro Rożnowskie) is an artificial lake built in 1935 - 1941. It is located in southern Poland (Lesser Poland Voivodeship). The lake was built to regulate the Dunajec river and to provide electricity for the Rożnow Power Plant (Elektrownia Rożnow). It was named after the village of Rożnow.Lake Rożnow was created after a dam had been built on the 80th kilometre of the Dunajec river.
 Beaver Lake Queens is a lake of the Region of Queens Municipality in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lardintown Run is a tributary of Bull Creek and a sub-tributary of the Allegheny River located in both Allegheny and Butler counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 The Șoimu de Jos is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Aiguille de la Tsa is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Arolla in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range culminating at the Dent de Perroc between the valley of Arolla and the Mont Miné Glacier.
 Little Nymboida River a mostly perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Rivers and Northern Tablelands districts of New South Wales Australia.
 Banihal Pass (Devanagari: बनिहाल दर्रा) is a pass across the Pir Panjal Range at 2832 m (9291 ft) maximum elevation. This mountain range separates the Kashmir valley in the Indian state Jammu and Kashmir from the outer Himalaya and plains to the south. Banihal pass remains covered by snow during the winter. In Kashmiri language Banihāl means blizzard.The road from Jammu to Srinagar transversed Banihal pass until 1956 when Jawahar tunnel was constructed under Banihal pass.
 The Urzicari River is a tributary of the Părăginosu River in Romania
 Gambart is a small lunar crater on the Mare Insularum near the central region of the Moon. It can be located to the south-southeast of the prominent ray crater Copernicus. In the past the floor of Gambart has been flooded with lava leaving a relatively flat surface surrounded by a smooth but somewhat polygon-shaped outer rim. To the southwest of Gambart is an area of hilly terrain deposited from ejecta during the Mare Imbrium impact known as the Fra Mauro Formation.
 Mount Kirigamine (霧ヶ峰 Kiri-ga-mine) is a 1925m volcano located in Nagano Prefecture Japan.
 The South Para River is a river in Australia. It rises in the Mount Lofty Ranges near Mount Crawford and Kersbrook and flows northwest through the Mount Lofty Ranges passing through the Warren Reservoir and the South Para Reservoir before merging with the North Para River in Gawler forming the Gawler River.The South Para River catchment is one of the key watersheds in the northern Mount Lofty Ranges.
 Kärrsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The La Loche River is a small river in north west Saskatchewan. The distance from its source at the south east end of Lac La Loche to its mouth at the north end of Peter Pond Lake is 56 km. The river is bridged by Highway 956 about 5 kilometres from its source. The Kimowin River flows in from the west.
 Flörsbach (Lohr) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Papagaio River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Upper Smoky Dome Lake 2 is an alpine lake in Camas County Idaho United States located in the Soldier Mountains in the Sawtooth National Forest. No trails lead to the lake and it is in the Smoky Dome Lakes basin northeast of Smoky Dome which is the highest peak in the Soldier Mountains.
 Grim's Ditch or Grim's Dyke or Grimes Dike is an earthwork in the London Borough of Harrow close to the Hertfordshire borderline. It extends about three miles from Pinner Green to Harrow Weald Common. It takes its name from the pre-historic earthwork which is one of a number of Grim's Ditches in southern England.The highroad Old Redding passes through the centre of the trail which can be reached either by Oxhey Lane or Bushey Heath and includes a popular viewpoint for many locals.
 Soda Lake is a shallow ephemeral alkali endorheic lake in the Carrizo Plain in southeastern San Luis Obispo County California. The lake is located on the southwest side of the northern Carrizo Plain 103 km (64.0 miles) east of San Luis Obispo. It can be reached by Soda Lake Road which runs northwest-southeast between State Route 166 and State Route 58. The lake is at an elevation of 580 m and covers an area of about 12 km².
 The Râul Lung is a tributary of the Corbu River in Romania.
 Lutter (Ems) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Snowcrest Range el. 10581 feet (3225 m) is a small mountain range southeast of Dillon Montana in Madison County Montana. The Snowcrest and adjacent Gravelly Range is one of Montana's most popular hunting grounds.
 The Das Almas River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Tanasee Bald also called Tennessee Bald is a mountain near the Blue Ridge Parkway in western North Carolina on the Haywood/Transylvania border. It is 5561 feet high. It is in the Great Balsam Mountains within the Blue Ridge Mountains which is part of the Appalachian MountainsTanasee Bald is the southern limit of breeding of the Northern Saw-whet Owl which is from the boreal forests of Canada.
 Llyn Eigiau is a lake on the edge of the Carneddau range of mountains in Snowdonia Gwynedd Wales.The name Eigiau is thought to refer to the shoals of fish which once lived here. Early maps refer to it as Llynyga.
 The Black Ernz (Luxembourgish: Schwaarz Iernz French: Ernz noire German: Schwarze Ernz) is a river flowing through Luxembourg joining the Sauer at Grundhof. It flows through the towns of Junglinster and Mullerthal.
 The Aniak River is a 95-mile (153 km) tributary of the Kuskokwim River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning south of Aniak Lake the river generally flows north. The upper sections drain part of the Kilbuck and Kuskokwim mountains and the lower portions transition to the Kuskokwim lowlands and tundra. The river empties into the Kuskokwim River slightly east of Aniak.Aniak is a Yup'ik word meaning the place where it comes out which refers to the mouth of the Aniak River.
 The Nepa (Russian: Непа) is a river in Irkutsk Oblast Russia. It is a left tributary of the Nizhnyaya Tunguska River.
 Obongsan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 262 metres.
 The Fântânele River is a tributary of the Mostil River in Romania.
 Cerro Negro is a volcano in the Cordillera de los Maribios mountain range in Nicaragua about 10 km from the village of Malpaisillo. It is a very new volcano the youngest in Central America having first appeared in April 1850. It consists of a gravelly basaltic cinder cone which contrasts greatly with the surrounding verdant hillsides and gives rise to its name which means Black Hill. Cerro Negro has erupted frequently since its first eruption.
 The Nicola River /ˈnɪkɵlə/ originally French Rivière de Nicholas or Rivière de Nicolas adapted to Nicolas River Nicola's River in English is one of the major tributaries of the Thompson River in the Canadian province of British Columbia entering the latter at the town of Spences Bridge.
 Alder Creek is a river located in Siskiyou County California.
 The Lajeado Macuco is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Râul Roșu Mare is a tributary of the Rezu Mare River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Veraşu and Râul Roşu
 Karpfenteich is a lake in Pankow Berlin Germany.
 Spenger Mühlenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Grenff is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Zegrze Reservoir (or Zegrze Lake in Polish officially Jezioro Zegrzyńskie unofficially Zalew Zegrzyński) is a man-made reservoir in Poland located just north of Warsaw on the lower course of the Narew river. It is formed by a dam constructed in 1963 with a hydroelectric complex producing 20 Megawatts of energy. Its total area is about 33 km².
 Dezadeash Lake is a lake of Yukon Canada. It borders Kluane National Park and lies along the edge of the Saint Elias Mountains. A World War II military camp was based here at kilometer 202 (mile 125) of the Haines Highway during the construction of the Haines and Alaska Highways. This camp was later converted into a lodge named Dezadeash Lodge in the 1960s. The lodge passed through various owners including Merle Lien the father of recording artist Matthew Lien.
 The Leurda River is a tributary of the Ploştina River in Romania. The river crosses a coal mining area where it is channelized.
 Svelgen or Svelgselva is a river in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The river originates from the lake Hjelmevatnet and empties into the Nordgulen fjord at the village of Svelgen. The river is regulated for exploitation of its hydropower. The four Svelgen Hydroelectric Power Stations which exploit the Svelgen and neighbouring watersystems have a combined installed capacity of 107 megawatts (143000 hp).
 Bear Gulch Ponds is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Wapel is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Río Humata is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Paulana River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Cerro Machín is a stratovolcano located in Tolima Department Colombia. Cerro Machin is a volcanic plug that is approximately the same age (1000000+ years) as the Ruiz-Tolima Massif and has the appearance of being part of that volcanic system.
 The Pârâul Dracilor is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
 Pizzo Forno is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Chironico in the canton of Ticino. It is to be found between Piumogna Valley Chironico Valley and Leventina Valley. It is in pyramid form and is separate from Pizzo Campo Tencia in the east. It is visible from the municipalities of Faido Giornico and Chironico. The north-east face is particularly striking which rises nearly 1500 metres from the Piumogna Valley - this face is best viewed from the village of Gribbio.
 Konoplev is a small lunar crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It lies less than a crater diameter to the west of the satellite crater Ellerman Q. Ellerman itself is located farther to the northeast. To the north-northeast of Konoplev is the larger crater Gerasimovich.This crater lies near the outer fringes of the huge skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin to the east.
 St. Croix Stream is an 18.8-mile-long (30.3 km) river in Aroostook County Maine. From the outflow of St. Croix Lake (46°18′18″N 68°12′29″W) in St. Croix Township (Township 8 Range 4 WELS) the river runs northwest to the Aroostook River in Masardis. Via the Aroostook River St. Croix Stream is part of the St. John River watershed.
 The Aland is a river in the German states of Lower Saxony and Saxony-Anhalt left tributary of the Elbe. It is the continuation of the river Biese (downstream from Seehausen) which is the continuation of the river Milde. The Aland is 27 km long whereas the total Milde-Biese-Aland system is 97 km long. The Aland flows into the Elbe in Schnackenburg.
 Christenberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Little Ouse is a river in the east of England a tributary of the River Great Ouse. For much of its length it defines the boundary between Norfolk and Suffolk.It rises east of Thelnetham very close to the source of the River Waveney - which flows eastwards while the Little Ouse flows west. The village with the curious name of Blo' Norton owes this name to the river - it was earlier known as Norton Bell-'eau from being situated near this 'fair stream'.
 Lake Sapanca (Turkish: Sapanca Gölü) is a fresh water lake in Turkey between the Gulf of İzmit and the Adapazarı Meadow.
 The Tutana River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 De Morgan is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the central region of the Moon mid-way between the crater D'Arrest two crater diameters to the south and Cayley to the north. It is named after British logician Augustus De Morgan.This crater is circular and bowl-shaped with a small interior floor at the midpoint between the conical sloping inner wall.
 Zionz Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 The Spring Creek Reservoir is the artificial lake created by the construction of the Spring Creek Dam across Spring Creek in the Shasta-Trinity National Forest of Shasta County California adjacent to Keswick.The reservoir is used mostly for flood control storage and is rarely filled to its 5870 acre·ft (7240000 m3) capacity.
 The Galina River originates near the „Rossboden“ 2060 metres above Sea Level. It is one of the shortest rivers of Vorarlberg. The Galina River also merges with the Ill River between Feldkirch and the village of Nenzing.
 The Izvorul Stânei is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Powder Mill Lake is a lake close to the towns of Bedford and Sackville in the Halifax Regional Municipality of Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Valea lui Aron River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania. Its source is in the Făgăraş Mountains near Mount Comisu
 Pizzo Scalino is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It lies close to Piz Cancian where the border with Switzerland runs.
 Brothers Water is in the Hartsop valley and is a small lake in the eastern region of the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria.
 Pinnau is an Amt (collective municipality) in the district of Pinneberg in Schleswig-Holstein Germany. The Amt Pinnau was formed in January 2007 by the merger of the Ämter Bönningstedt and Pinneberg-Land. The seat of the Amt is in Rellingen itself not part of the Amt.The Amt Pinnau consists of the following municipalities:Borstel-Hohenraden Ellerbek Kummerfeld Prisdorf Tangstedt
 Wanapum Lake is a reservoir on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. It was created in 1963 with the construction of Wanapum Dam. It stretches from there upstream to the Rock Island Dam. The lake is named for the Wanapum people.
 Tianmu Mountain also known as Tianmushan (Chinese: 天目山; pinyin: Tiānmùshān; literally Eyes on Heaven Mountain) is a mountain in Lin'an County in Northwestern Zhejiang province in eastern China. Tianmushan is located 83.2 kilometres (51.7 mi) west of Hangzhou China. It is made up of two peaks.
 Llyn Llywenan (English: Yew Tree Lake) is a lake in western Anglesey Wales found just over 1 kilometre (0.6 mi) north of the village of Bodedern and 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) east of the town of Holyhead. At a maximum length of 1.1 kilometres (0.7 mi) and breath of 0.4 kilometres (0.2 mi) it has a surface area of only 0.4 square kilometres (0.2 sq mi).
 The Rock River is a tributary of the Big Sioux River about 144 miles (232 km) long in southwestern Minnesota and northwestern Iowa in the United States. Via the Big Sioux and Missouri rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 Nepean River (Aboriginal: Yandhai) is a major perennial river located in the south-west and west of Sydney New South Wales Australia. The Nepean River and its associated mouth the Hawkesbury River virtually encircle the metropolitan region of Sydney.The headwaters of the Nepean River rise near Robertson about 100 kilometres (62 mi) south of Sydney and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) from the Tasman Sea.
 The Big Belt Mountains are a section of the Rocky Mountains in the U.S. state of Montana. Situated mainly in the Helena National Forest the mountains are used for logging and recreation for the surrounding residents. Nearby is Helena Montana Canyon Ferry Lake the Missouri River Townsend Montana and White Sulphur Springs Montana.
 Yantarni Volcano is an andesitic stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located on the Alaska Peninsula in the Aleutian Range. It is between Mount Aniakchak and Chiginadak volcanoes. The volcano was not discovered until 1979 due to its remote location lack of documented historic activity and its rather modest summit elevation. The mountain was named after nearby Yantarni Bay which in turn was named by Ukrainian explorers after the abundance of yantar in the area.
 The Murchison River is the second longest river in Western Australia. It flows for about 820 km (510 mi) from the southern edge of the Robinson Ranges to the Indian Ocean at Kalbarri. It has a mean annual flow of 217 Gigalitres although in 2006 the peak year on record flow was 1806 Gigalitres.
 Col du Grand Cucheron at an elevation of 1188 metres (3898 ft) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Savoie in France. The pass crosses the northern end of the Belledonne massif connecting the Maurienne and Isère valleys. The climb to the col was used on Stage 12 of the 2012 Tour de France.
 Mount Maya (摩耶山 Maya-san) is a 698.6 m (2292 ft) high mountain in Kobe Hyōgo Prefecture Japan. This mountain is one of the major peaks of the Rokkō Mountains and is the most popular peak for visitors on the West-Rokkō Mountains.
 Ch'uxña Quta (Aymara ch'uxña green quta lake green lake hispanicized spelling Chojña Kkota) is a lake on the west side of the Apolobamba mountain range of Bolivia situated in the La Paz Department Bautista Saavedra Province Charasani Municipality Charasani Canton (or General Juan José Pérez). It is situated east of Such'i River south east of the larger lake Janq'u Qala and west of Qachu Quta (Llachu Quta).
 The Brown Mountain forest is located in East Gippsland Victoria (Australia) and is notable for containing large tracts of old growth forest including over fifty Shining Gum trees estimated to be over 300 years old.
 The Chiua River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Chiua Mare and Chiua Mică
 Sinlap is a circular depression on Titan a natural satellite of Saturn.
 Stone Mountain is a quartz monzonite dome monadnock and the site of Stone Mountain Park in Stone Mountain Georgia United States. At its summit the elevation is 1686 feet (514 m) MSL and 825 feet (251 m) above the surrounding area. Stone Mountain is well-known not only for its geology but also for the enormous bas-relief on its north face the largest bas-relief in the world. The carving depicts three figures of the Confederate States of America: Stonewall Jackson Robert E.
 Deer Lake is a lake in King County Washington. It is an expansion of the Taylor River located just below its true source. Located a short distance downstream is Snoqualmie Lake.The lake is reached by hiking 1 mile from Snoqualmie Lake. Deer and Bear Lake are both about the same size.The river drops over a small waterfall just before flowing into the lake. Shortly below the outlet is a long cascade that likely extends much of the way to Snoqualmie Lake.
 For the townsite in Arizona see Chino Valley Arizona For other uses see Chino Valley (disambiguation)The Chino Valley of Arizona is a large 70-mi (113 km) long valley centered on Seligman Arizona in northwest Yavapai County and southwest Coconino County.
 Wiechert is a lunar crater that is located in the southern region of the Moon's far side. It lies to the southeast of the huge walled plain Schrödinger less than 170 km from the southern pole.This is a worn and eroded crater formation illuminated only by oblique sunlight. As a result portions of the interior floor lie in deep darkness. The rim is irregular and has an outward break along the northern edge. A small cup-shaped crater lies along the inner wall of the south-southwestern edge.
 Vizyakha (Russian: Визяха) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Veslyana River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 32 km.
 The Siskiwit River is a 0.4-mile-long (0.64 km) stream on Isle Royale in Lake Superior in the U.S. state of Michigan. It forms the outlet of Siskiwit Lake and drops 57 feet (17 m) over its short course dropping over Siskiwit Falls and entering Lake Superior at Malone Bay.
 The Dudley Canal is a canal passing though Dudley in the West Midlands of England. The canal is part of the English and Welsh connected network of navigable inland waterways and in particular forms part of the popular Stourport Ring narrowboat cruising route.The first short section which connected to the Stourbridge Canal opened in 1779 and this was connected through the Dudley Tunnel to the Birmingham Canal system in 1792. Almost immediately work started on an extension called Line No.
 Sambongsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1187 metres.
 Mount Bindo is a mountain located on the Great Dividing Range in New South Wales Australia close to the hamlet of Hampton. Rising to 1363 metres above sea level it is one of the highest points on the Central Tablelands and attracts regular light snowfalls in winter. Nearby towns include Jenolan Caves and the town of Oberon. As with nearby Mount Trickett and Shooters Hill Mount Bindo is a popular destination for 'snow chasers' during the winter months.
 The Guandu River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil. This river together with the Paraíba do Sul River are the most important in the Rio de Janeiro state.The river supplies water to 9 million people in the Rio de Janeiro metropolitan area.
 The Igoiu River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 The Cernuc River is a headwater of the Gârbou River in Romania.
 Coppanagh (Irish: Sliabh Chopanaí) is a hill in County Kilkenny Ireland. At 365 metres (1198 ft) it is the second highest summit in Kilkenny behind Brandon Hill. It is the 886th highest summit in Ireland. Coppanagh and Brandon Hill are situated near Mount Alto.
 Powder Mill Pond is a 435-acre (1.76 km2) impoundment on the Contoocook River in Hillsborough County in southern New Hampshire United States. The pond's dam is located in the town of Bennington with water impounded into the towns of Hancock and Greenfield.
 Mount Guero elevation 12058 ft (3675 m) is a summit in the West Elk Mountains of Gunnison National Forest in western Colorado.
 Harwood (or Harwood's) Hole is a cave system located in the northwest of the South Island of New Zealand. It is one of several important cave systems in Takaka Hill between Golden Bay and Tasman Bay. Starting at the surface as a 50 metre round entrance and descending 183 metres Harwood Hole is New Zealand's deepest vertical shaft. Further in it connects with Starlight Cave. The long rope descent is considered one of the most spectacular parts of the caving experience at Harwood's.
 The Catolé Grande River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Păucea River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Rock Lake is a lake in Southeast Wisconsin United States.
 Ffynnon Lloer (Welsh : Source of [the] Moon) is a lake in the Carneddau range of mountains in Snowdonia North Wales. It lies below the peaks of Pen yr Ole Wen and Carnedd Dafydd at a height of 2225 feet (678 m) and covers an area of some 6 acres (2.43 ha).The remains of two wartime aircraft which crashed in 1942 and 1943 lie on the slopes round the lake.Afon Lloer its outflow flows into Llyn Ogwen.
 Ohlau (Hudau) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Lake Tõhela (Estonian: Tõhela järv) is a 401 ha (990 acres) lake in southwestern Estonia. Administratively it belongs to the Männikuste village in Tõstamaa Parish Pärnu County.
 The Salzkammergut and Upper Austria Alps (Oberösterreichisch-Salzkammerguter Alpen in German) are a mountain range located in Austria.
 The Feneș River (Hungarian: Fenes-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Frumușelu River is a tributary of the Marginea Domnească River in Romania.
 The Cracul Comarnic River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
 The Călineasa River or Valea Călineasa River is a tributary of the Beliș River in Romania.
 Mount Kerkeslin is a peak in the Canadian Rockies in Alberta Canada. It is the highest peak of the Maligne Range.It is located in the nsouth parts of the Maligne Range east of the Icefield Parkway and is visible from the Athabasca Falls lookout.The peak reaches an altitude of 2956 m (9698 ft).
 The Porcăreasa River is a tributary of the Morișca River in Romania.
 Mount Silverthrone is a massive glaciated mountain on the east side of Mount McKinley Alaska United States.
 The Amendolea is an Italian river in the province of Reggio Calabria. Its source is near Montalto in Aspromonte National Park. The river flows south past Roghudi and Condofuri and empties into the Ionian sea west of Bova Marina.
 Laguna Bravo is a lake in the Yacuma Province Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 167 m its surface area is 25.7 km².
 Argentine Pass elevation 13207 ft (4025 m) is a high mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States.The highest named vehicle-accessible pass in the state Argentine Pass is located on the crest of the Front Range along the boundary between Clear Creek and Summit counties southwest of Georgetown. The pass is flanked by Mount Edwards to the northwest and Argentine Peak to the southeast.
 The Williwakas Glacier is a glacier located on the south flank of Mount Rainier in Washington. The glacier lies below the Paradise Glacier. Due to its relatively low elevation—6600 feet (2000 m)–6900 feet (2100 m)—the glacier is small and surrounded by small snow fields above the regional tree line. A stubby 7163 ft (2183 m) peak is located to the east of the glacier.
 The Grădiște River is a headwater of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Hook Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. No trails lead to the lake but it can be most easily accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 601.Hook Lake is east of D. O. Lee Peak in the Big Boulder Lakes Basin along with Cove Sapphire and Cirque Lakes.
 Coal Creek is a creek in Bellevue Washington USA on Seattle's Eastside. It is named for the coal mining industry prominent in the area in the 19th century. There is a popular trail which parallels the creek allowing views of defunct coal mining equipment and even some bits of coal sitting on the ground in spots.The source of Coal Creek is 1400 feet above sea level on Cougar Mountain. It flows approximately 7 miles to the northwest emptying into Lake Washington at Newport Shores.
 Bystry Rów is a stream that flows within the bounds of the municipality of Szczecin Poland.
 Maquan Pond is a 48-acre (190000 m2) pond in Hanson Massachusetts. Its average depth is 12 feet (3.7 m) and its maximum depth is 18 feet (5.5 m). The pond is a tributary to Furnace Pond a public water supply. There has been much development along the shore. The town right-of-way is on the northern shore of the pond off Maquan Street (Route 14).
 Mount Hoffmann is a prominent peak in northeastern Mariposa County in the center of Yosemite National Park California United States. It rises above May Lake and is a day hike of 6.2 miles (10.0 km) (one-way) from Tioga Pass Road. The mountain is named for the cartographer Charles F. Hoffmann who was part of the California Geological Survey of the Sierra Nevada.
 Big Four is a mountain in the Cascade Range located about 20 miles (32 km) east of Granite Falls Washington. Debris piles on the mountain's northern flank form as a result of avalanche activity. These fields of disturbed snow are able to remain year round in the shadow of the mountain. During the summer months snow-melt streams flow beneath the debris piles and cause caves to form in the ice. The caves vary in size from season to season and are unpredictably dangerous.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Okapilco Creek is a 63-mile-long (101 km) tributary of the Withlacoochee River in the U.S. state of Georgia. Via the Withlacoochee and the Suwannee River the waters of Okapilco Creek flow to the Gulf of Mexico.The creek rises in southern Worth County at Anderson City and flows southeast through Colquitt and Brooks counties to join the Withlacoochee 6 miles (10 km) southeast of Quitman.
 Lake Sélingué is a 409 km² artificial lake in Mali's Koulikoro Region formed by the Sélingué Hydroelectric dam on the Sankarani River. Its southwestern arm forms part of the border with Guinea. Lake Sélingué rising and falling in the rainy and dry seasons allows agriculture on the irrigated perimeters managed by the Office of Rural Development of Sélingué as well as fishing.
 The Ross River is a river located in northern Queensland Australia. The river flows from Lake Ross through the city of Townsville across the flat coastal plain and into the Coral Sea of the Pacific Ocean. It is the major waterway flowing through Townsville and the city's main source of drinking water.
 The Río San Pedro is a river of Guatemala and Mexico. Its sources are located in the Guatemalan department of El Petén. at 17.134803°N 89.902668°W﻿ / 17.134803; -89.902668﻿ (Río San Pedro). The river flows westwards until it reaches the Mexican border and crosses into the state of Tabasco at 17.279636°N 90.987697°W﻿ / 17.279636; -90.987697﻿ (Río San Pedro). From there it continues northwest and joins the Usumacinta River.
 Flaming Gorge Reservoir is a reservoir in Wyoming on the Green River created by Flaming Gorge Dam. Construction on the dam began in 1958 and was completed in 1964. The reservoir stores 3788900 acre feet (4.6735×109 m3) of water when measured at an elevation of 6040 feet (1840 m) above sea-level (maximum).
 The Valea Mielului River is a tributary of the Turcu River in Romania.
 Torfmoorsee is a lake in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 0.48 km².
 The Hânsaru River is a tributary of the Bâsca Roziliei River in Romania.
 Waurika Lake is a reservoir in southwestern Oklahoma near Waurika. It is primarily in Jefferson County but small parts of it are in Stephens County and Cotton County Oklahoma. Its primary purposes are to provide flood control irrigation water supply water quality fish and wildlife recreation and other conservation needs of the public. The lake supplies water for the cities of Lawton Duncan Comanche Temple and Waurika.
 Balsam Gap (el. 3400 ft (1000 m)) is a mountain pass between the Plott Balsam Range to the northwest and the Great Balsam Mountains to the southeast on the county line dividing Haywood and Jackson counties in the U.S. state of North Carolina.The gap allows both the Great Smoky Mountains Expressway and the Murphy Branch of the Norfolk Southern Railway to cross between the two counties running east-west.
 Tatula is a river of Biržai district municipality Panevėžys County northern Lithuania. It flows for 64.7 kilometres and has a basin area of 453.4 km².It is a tributary of the Mūša.
 Rognhaugen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Abbabach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Tobesofkee Creek is a 58.9-mile-long (94.8 km) river in Georgia. It originates near Barnesville and flows roughly southeast across Lamar Monroe and Bibb counties to join the Ocmulgee River south of the city of Macon. A dam on this stream forms Lake Tobesofkee.
 Storebjørn (literally Big Bear) is a mountain in Lom Oppland Norway and lies in the Jotunheimen mountain range. North of the summit is the mountain Veslebjørn and east of the glacier Smørstabbrean.
 The Magothy River runs 12.1 miles (19.5 km) through Anne Arundel County in the U.S. state of Maryland. It is located south of the Patapsco River and north of the Severn River. The Little Magothy River is considered part of the Magothy watershed even though the mouth of the Little Magothy is outside the mouth of the Magothy.
 The Pârâul Roșu River is a tributary of the Novăţ River in Romania.
 The Ram Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located in David Thompson Country Canada. The range extends southeast from Abraham Lake to the Ram River. It is bounded on the southwest by Whiterabbit Creek.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 The Izvorul Dimei River is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
 Hinterer Troppelgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Beinn Mhòr is the highest mountain in the Cowal peninsula in Argyll Scotland. It is relatively little known and infrequently climbed but has a high topographic prominence to height ratio and consequently commands good all round views.
 Tiny Glacier is in the Wind River Range Bridger-Teton National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The glacier is situated in a north-facing cirque immediately west of the Continental Divide.
 Mount Sanford is a mountain in northwestern British Columbia Canada located 50 km (31 mi) east of Atlin.Mount Sanford is a volcanic feature of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province that formed in the past 66.4 million years of the Cenozoic epoch.
 The Guajará River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Thornton Steward Reservoir is a small reservoir situated near the village of Thornton Steward in North Yorkshire England. It is owned by Yorkshire Water.
 Cerro El Bolo is the highest peak in the municipality of Villalba Puerto Rico raising to 1075 meters (3527 ft) above sea level. It is part of the Toro Negro State Forest and is the 10th tallest mountain in Puerto Rico.
 Mount Salak (Indonesian: Gunung Salak Sundanese: Gunung Salak) is an eroded volcanic range in West Java Indonesia. Several satellite cones appear on the southeast flank and on the northern foot. Two craters are found at the summit. Mount Salak has been the site of a geothermal exploration.According to popular belief the name Salak comes from salak a tropical fruit with scaly skin.
 Sheepscot Pond is the third largest lake in Waldo County Maine. It is in the township of Palermo on the western edge of Waldo County.The lake has a maximum depth of 132 feet with well-oxygenated water. It contains more than 20 species of fish and has historically been stocked with salmon lake trout and brook trout.
 The Elsighorn is a mountain in the Bernese Alps overlooking Kandergrund in the Bernese Oberland.
 The Mera (Maira in Switzerland) is a river in Switzerland and Italy. Its source is near the Maloja Pass in Graubünden Switzerland. It flows west through the Val Bregaglia (Bergell) and crosses the Italian border near Soglio. It is joined by the Acquafraggia close to Piuro and then turns south at Chiavenna just before it receives the river Liro from the right at Prata Camportaccio. The Mera ends in Lake Como near Sorico in the Province of Como.
 Corte Madera Creek is a short stream which flows southeast for 4.5 miles (7.2 km) in Marin County California. Corte Madera Creek is formed by the confluence of San Anselmo Creek and Ross Creek in Ross and entering a tidal marsh at Kentfield before connecting to San Francisco Bay near Corte Madera.
 Gilsbach (Heller) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Brock Gap (variant Brock’s Gap) is a natural pass across Shades Mountain in Hoover Alabama most notable as being the location used by the South & North Railroad (S&N) to reach the Birmingham area in the late 19th century from the mineral deposits to the south spurring economic development in the area.
 The Săliște River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Birch Creek is a 16-mile (26 km) tributary of the Umatilla River in eastern Oregon in the United States. It rises at the confluence of East and West Birch creeks south of Pilot Rock Oregon at the base of the Blue Mountains and flows north slightly west of the city of Pendleton.
 The Blasenflue (1118 metres (3668 ft)) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located near Signau in the canton of Bern.
 The Capivari River (Bahia) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Piz Bial is a mountain of the Albula Alps located in Graubünden Switzerland. It is situated between the Val Mulix and the Val Bever. The closest locality is Preda on the Albula Railway.
 The Serranía de las Minas is a mountainous region in the Central Andes near Puracé National Natural Park in the Department of Huila of Colombia. This area gives rise to the waters of the Magdalena River. It is proposed as a Flora and Fauna Sanctuary for the existence of primary montane forest and habitat for many important species of amphibians mammals and birds.
 Toledo Bend Reservoir is a reservoir on the Sabine River between Texas and Louisiana. The lake has an area of 185000 acres (749 km²) the largest man-made body of water in (or partially in) Texas the largest in the South and the fifth largest (surface acre) in the United States. The dam is capable of generating 92 megawatts of electrical power.
 Qanchisqucha (Quechua qanchis seven qucha lake seven lakes hispanicized spellings Canchiscocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ancash Region Yungay Province Quillo District. It is situated south of the mountain Wachucharmi (Huachucharmi).
 The Zlast River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
 Weißach (Saalbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Lupoaia River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 The Satu River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 The Papagayo River is a river of Mexico.
 Bridge Mountain is one of the mountains surrounding Red Rock Canyon in the Spring Mountains in Clark County of southern Nevada.Bridge Mountain is named for the natural feature of a bridge-like natural arch of sandstone near the summit. Bridge Mountain is highest peak in the Red Rock Canyon National Conservation Area. The ascent is a popular hike.
 Osterau (Bramau) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Godley Reservoir is a reservoir in Godley Hyde Greater Manchester. It was completed in 1851 as a critical part of the Longdendale Chain project that brought fresh water to Manchester.
 Telegraph Peak with an elevation of 8989 feet (2740 m) is highest point in the Cucamonga Wilderness of the San Bernardino National Forest.
 The Coan River is a 7.5-mile-long (12.1 km) river in Virginia's Northern Neck region. It is a tributary of the Potomac River. It flows from its source in Heathsville through Northumberland County and into the Potomac between Lewisetta and Walnut Point.
 The Hakkōda Mountains (八甲田山系 Hakkōda-sankei) is a volcanic mountain range that lies to the south of Aomori city in Aomori Prefecture Japan. The range consists of more than a dozen stratovolcanoes and lava domes arranged into two volcanic groups. The Northern Hakkōda Volcanic Group emerges from the rim of a 8-km wide caldera that dates back to the Pleistocene. The Southern Hakkōda Volcanic Group predates the caldera.
 Alligator Lake also known as Tadlac Lake is a freshwater crater lake located in Barangay Tadlac in the Municipality of Los Baños Laguna province Philippines. The lake-filled maar is located along the southern shore of Laguna de Bay the largest lake in the country with Alligator Lake protruding out of the shore of the larger lake.
 The Río Hondo (Bayamón Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.The river lends its name to a neighborhood the Rio Hondo neighborhood or Urbanizacion Rio Hondo also in Bayamon and to the neighborhood's mall Rio Hondo Plaza (Plaza Rio Hondo).
 The Pelion Range is a mountain range in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park Tasmania Australia named after Mount Pelion in Greece. The Overland Track passes over the range through the Pelion Gap and consequently several peaks are popular walks. The range features a number of the highest mountains in Tasmania.
 Situated close to the geographical centre of Ireland the Slieve Bloom Mountains (Sliabh Bladhma in Irish) rise from the central plain of Ireland to a height of 527 metres. While not very high they are extensive by local standards.
 Quartz Mountain (also called Baldy Point) is located in Greer County in southwest Oklahoma. It is the namesake of Quartz Mountain Nature Park and its eastern flank is enclosed by the park boundaries. It is near the cities of Mangum Oklahoma and Altus Oklahoma. The park is open to the public year round for rock climbing hiking boating camping nature observation and photography and environmental education and interpretation. The mountain overlooks scenic Lake Altus-Lugert.
 Grovatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. The 2.64-square-kilometre (1.02 sq mi) lake is located northeast of the Sagfjorden about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) southwest of the village of Mørsvikbotn.
 Sweat Mountain is a low mountain located in far northeastern Cobb County Georgia in the suburbs north of Atlanta. The exact GNIS location of its summit is 34°4′1″N 84°27′20″W and it has an official (USGS) elevation of 1688 ft (515 m) above mean sea level. It is the second-highest point in the county behind Kennesaw Mountain and second in the core metro Atlanta area behind Kennesaw Mountain which is also in Cobb County. It is fifth if the exurban counties further north are considered.
 There is another Big Sandy Lake crossed by U.S. Highway 80 in Big Sandy Texas.Big Sandy Lake is a lake in Aitkin County Minnesota approximately nine miles north of McGregor. The lake is considered fertile walleye ground with several habitat types including the open main basin the deep cold eastern basin and a shallow more isolated south basin.
 Le Pleureur (3704 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps. It is located in Valais between Lac de Mauvoisin and Lac des Dix.
 Lėvuo is a river in Northern Lithuania tributary of the river Mūša. Lėvuo is 148 kilometres long. In 1931 Sanžilė channel connecting Lėvuo and Nevėžis rivers was built. Biggest tributary rivers of Lėvuo are Mituva Svalia Kupa.
 Rio Grande (Portuguese for great river) is river in south-central Brazil. It rises in the Mantiqueira Mountains in the state of Minas Gerais and descends inland west-northwestward. Its lower course marks a portion of the Minas Gerais-São Paulo border.
 The Brown River is a short river of New Zealand. It flows northwest to meet the Poerua River five kilometres southeast of Lake Brunner.
 Sukhobizyarka (Russian: Сухобизярка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Babka River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 17 km.
 Crystal Lake is a lake in Broward County Florida. In September 1999 the area was annexed by the City of Deerfield Beach.
 Untere Argen is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Cerro Pedernal locally known as just Pedernal is a narrow mesa in northern New Mexico. The name is Spanish for flint hill. The mesa lies on the north flank of the Jemez Mountains south of Abiquiu Lake in the Española Ranger District of the Santa Fe National Forest. Its caprock was produced in the Jemez Volcanic Field. Its highest point is 9862 feet (3006 meters).Pedernal is the source of a chert used by the prehistoric Gallina people. Its cliffs are popular with rock climbers.
 Pizzo Barone (2864 m) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps in Switzerland. It is located south of Pizzo Campo Tencia and is the highest summit of the Valle Verzasca in the canton of Ticino. From Sonogno a trail leads to the summit.
 Chilliwack Mountain is a small mountain rising from the floodplain of the Fraser River in the city of Chilliwack British Columbia Canada. Located on the south side of the Fraser opposite the north side community of Deroche it lies just west of the downtown of Chilliwack and to the east of Greendale a rural neighbourhood of Chilliwack near its western boundary.
 The Mogoş Biuc River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
 The Machado River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Valea Cheii River or Cheia River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Geogel and Valea Brădeştilor
 David Glacier is the most imposing outlet glacier in Victoria Land Antarctica fed by two main flows which drain an area larger than 200000 square kilometres of the East Antarctic plateau with an estimated ice discharge rate of 7.8 +/- 0.7 km³/year.
 Otterbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Serra de d'Esparreguera or Serra Esparreguera (Spanish: Sierra de Esparraguera although the spellings Sierra de Espaneguera or Sierra Espaneguera are common in many maps) is an over 17 km (11 mi) long mountain range in the Alt Maestrat comarca Valencian Community Spain. This mountain chain rises abruptly from a plain and looks quite impressive from certain angles. It extends in a roughly SW-NE direction between Atzeneta del Maestrat and Albocàsser.
 Dammbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Ranastongi is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Uggleviken (Swedish: Owl Bay) is a former bay and lake at Norra Djurgården a rural area in north-eastern central Stockholm Sweden forming part of the national city park Ekoparken.Together with Lillsjön Laduviken and Storängsbotten Uggleviken used to be part of a bay forking across Norra Djurgården. Today it is reduced to a marsh or a wet alder forest with patches of reeds in its centre.
 Predigtstuhl (Lattengebirge) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Diobsud Creek Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the east slopes of Bacon Peak. Diobsud Creek Glacier has a shallow gradient descending to the east from 7000 to 6000 ft (2100 to 1800 m) for a distance of nearly 1 mi (1.6 km). The ridge is an arête which separates Diobsud Creek Glacier from Green Lake Glacier to the north.
 Daegeumsan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. It sits in the county of Gapyeong. Daegeumsan has an elevation of 704 m (2310 ft).
 Newtontoppen (Newton Peak) is the largest and highest mountain in Svalbard at 1713 m. Its peak is the highest point on Svalbard. It is located at the north east corner on the island of Spitsbergen. The mountain is mostly made of Silurian granite.
 Nettilling Lake [nech'iling] is a cold freshwater lake located toward the south end of Baffin Island Nunavut Canada. It is also the world's largest lake on an island with an area of 5542 km2 and a maximum length of 123 km. The lake is in the Great Plain of the Koukdjuak about 280 km northwest of Iqaluit. The Arctic Circle crosses the lake. The lake's name is of Inuktitut origin coming from the word for the adult ringed seal (netsilak). Franz Boas explored its southern shore in 1883.
 Eger is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Girnar (also known as Girnar Hill or Girinagar or Revatak Pravata) is a collection of mountains in the Junagadh District of Gujarat India situated near Junagadh at a distance of 327 km from Ahmedabad.Older than Himalayas Girnar the mountain and its range are considered sacred and it's an important pilgrimage site for both Jains and Hindus  who gather here during the Girnar Parikrama festival.
 Amherst Glacier is a 4-mile-long (6.4 km) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It trends northwest to a lake 5.5 mi (8.9 km) northeast of Point Pakenham and 52 mi (84 km) southwest of Valdez. It was named for Amherst College in Amherst Massachusetts by members of the 1899 Harriman Alaska Expedition.
 Col du Granier (el. 1134 m.) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Savoie in France which crosses the Chartreuse Mountains to connect the villages of Entremont-le-Vieux (south) Apremont (north) and Chapareillan (east). It has been traversed several times by the Tour de France cycle race including on Stage 12 of the 2012 race. It is situated between Mont Granier (1933 m) (south-east) and Mont Joigny (1558 m) (north-west).
 The Neuné is a river which flows in the Vosges department of France. It is a right tributary of the Vologne and therefore a sub-tributary of the Moselle.
 Phnom Sorsia is a Buddhist hill complex in Kampot Province southern Cambodia. It contains Buddhist cultural features approached by a staircase and a complex of karst caves. One cave Rung Damrey Saa (White Elephant's Cave) has a stalagmite resembling the head of an elephant; another has a bat colony. The gateway to the caves is marked by a pagoda approximately 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) from the main road.
 Big Mountain Pass (el. 7420 ft.) is a mountain pass in the Wasatch Mountains in Utah.It is on the original route of the Mormon pioneers who crossed it in 1847 on their way to the Salt Lake Valley.
 Pointe de Ronce is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Mont Cenis range. It has an elevation of 3612 metres above sea level.
 Munkácsy is a crater on Mercury. Munkácsy originally had a double-ring basin structure but most of the inner ring was buried when the basin was flooded with volcanic lava. Only a few remnants of the ring poke up through the lava although low ridges in the lava seem to trace out much of the rest of the ring’s circumference.
 Ruckinge Dyke is a tributary of the Great Stour joining with the East Stour and then the Great Stour at Pledge’s Mill at the bottom of East Hill in Ashford Kent England.The stream runs from its source north of Hamstreet 7.9 kilometres to the East Stour in Willesborough.
 Pigne d'Arolla (3796 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland. The first ascent was made by A. W. Moore and Horace Walker with the guide Jakob Anderegg on 9 July 1865.
 Lady Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island on Forbidden Plateau an expansion of Browns River.
 Lake Bosumtwi (also spelled Bosomtwe) situated within an ancient meteorite impact crater is approximately 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) across and the only natural lake in Ghana. It is situated about 30 km south-east of Kumasi and is a popular recreational area. There are about 30 villages near this crater lake with a combined population of about 70000 people.The Ashanti consider Bosumtwi a sacred lake. According to traditional belief the souls of the dead come here to bid farewell to the god Twi.
 Jebel Azao (or Adrar Afao) is the highest peak in the Tassili n'Ajjer range in southeastern Algeria at 2158 meters. The range forms the northwest border of the Chad Basin.The Tassili N'Ajjer is a sandstone plateau to the northeast of the Hoggar Mountains.The mountain is a peak in the Adrar massif.This is a ridge on the plateau roughly parallel to the escarpment.The mountains are mainly made of sandstone which has resulted in formation of many natural rock arches.Mt.
 Doppler is a lunar impact crater named for Christian Doppler that is located at the southern edge of the walled plain Korolev on the far side of the Moon. To the east are the craters Das and Galois. Farther to the southwest of Doppler is Mohorovičić.The rim of Doppler has a somewhat polygonal form and a smaller crater is joined with the inner side of the northeast wall.
 Akers Pond is a 276-acre (1.1 km2) water body located in Coos County in northern New Hampshire United States in the town of Errol. Water from Akers Pond flows via Clear Stream to the Androscoggin River and thence into Maine.
 The Coello River is a river in Tolima Department of Colombia. It drains into the Caribbean Sea via the Magdalena River.
 Wisenta is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The River Clwyd (Welsh: Afon Clwyd) formerly anglicized Cloyd is a river in Wales which rises in the Clocaenog Forest (grid reference SJ045535) 5 mi (8.0 km) northwest of Corwen. It flows due south until at Melin-y-Wig it veers north-eastwards tracking the A494 to Ruthin. Here it leaves the relatively narrow valley and enters a broad agricultural vale the Vale of Clwyd (Welsh: Dyffryn Clwyd). Just south of Denbigh it is joined by the River Clywedog.
 Cox Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 This article is about the crater on the Moon. See also Nicholson (crater).Nicholson is a lunar impact crater located at the western limb. In this position it is subject to libration which can limit observation. The crater is also viewed at a very oblique angle so it is seen from the side when observed from the Earth. It is an irregular somewhat pear-shaped formation that has an uneven rim due to its location amidst rugged ground.
 The Guggernellgrat is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located south of Arosa in the canton of Graubünden.
 Elk Lake is an alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 15 miles (24 km) southwest of Stanley and 9.5 miles (15.3 km) southeast of Grandjean.
 Santa Fe Crater is an impact crater in the Lunae Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 19.5° North and 48.0° W. It is 20.5 km in diameter and was named after Santa Fe New Mexico USA.
 The Light River is a seasonal but significant river in the Mid North region of South Australia. The catchment is a key watershed in the northern Mount Lofty Ranges.
 Wolfe Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada located in the eastern part of the province in South Frontenac and Rideau Lakes Townships.
 Rocca dei Tre Vescovi (French: Rocher des Trois Évêques) is a mountain in the Maritime Alps on the boundary between the province of Cuneo (Piedmont northern Italy) and the French region of Provence-Alpes-Côte-d'Azur.Located near the Maddalena Pass it is joined to the nearby Enciastraia peak by a ridge. The name meaning Rock of the Three Bishops derives from the fact that the mount is on the intersection point of three Catholic dioceses those of Cuneo Nice and Digne.
 Jeokjasan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 435 metres.
 The Corbu River is a tributary of the Preluci River in Romania.
 The Soboșa River is a tributary of the Şicasău River in Romania.
 The Rivière du Galion is a river of Martinique.
 The Pârâul Fugarilor is a tributary of the Gropşoarele River in Romania.
 The Karla Caves or Karle Caves or Karla Cells are a complex of ancient Indian Buddhist rock-cut cave shrines located in Karli near Lonavala Maharashtra. The shrines were developed over two periods – from the 2nd century BC to the 2nd century AD and from the 5th century AD to the 10th century. The oldest of the cave shrines is believed to date back to 160 BC having arisen near a major ancient trade route running eastward from the Arabian Sea into the Deccan.
 Pali Dome is the unofficial name for a volcanic peak in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia Canada.
 Mount Sanford is a shield volcano in the Wrangell Volcanic Field in eastern Alaska near the Copper River. It is the third highest volcano in the United States behind Mount Bona and Mount Blackburn. The south face of the volcano at the head of the Sanford Glacier rises 8000 feet (2400 m) in 1 mile (1600 m) resulting in one of the steepest gradients in North America.
 Mount Nansen is a deeply eroded Late Cretaceous stratovolcano located 53 kilometers west of Carmacks and 10 kilometers west of Victoria Mountain in the central Yukon Canada. It consists of rhyolite dacite andesite flows breccias and tuff. Mount Nansen was formed when the ancient Kula Plate was subducting under North America during the Late Cretaceous period.
 La Morella or Morella is a mountain located in Begues municipality Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 593 metres above sea level.It is the second highest point of the Garraf Massif Catalan Coastal Range.
 The Clutha River / Mata-Au is the second longest river in New Zealand flowing south-southeast 338 kilometres (210 mi) through Central and South Otago from Lake Wanaka in the Southern Alps to the Pacific Ocean 75 kilometres (47 mi) south west of Dunedin. It is the highest volume river in New Zealand and the swiftest with a catchment of 21960 square kilometres (8480 sq mi) discharging a mean flow of 614 cubic metres per second (21700 cu ft/s).
 The Sudriaș River is a tributary of the Timișana River in Romania.
 The Pleșca River is a tributary of the Strâmbu-Băiuţ River in Romania.
 Halfway Lake is a lake in Hartley Township Union County Pennsylvania in the United States.Halfway Lake is the main focus of R. B. Winter State Park. The lake is filled by spring-fed mountain streams. It was formed by a man-made sandstone dam. The water temperature is usually approximately 50 degrees F (10 degrees C) due to much of the lake being filled with water from directly underground.
 The Valea Pichetului River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
 Mamostong Kangri or Mamostang Kangri is the highest peak in the remote Rimo Muztagh a subrange of the Karakoram range in India near its border with China. It is located about 30 km east-southeast of the snout of the Siachen Glacier. It is the 48th highest independent peak in the world (using a 500m prominence cutoff).
 Gabelbach (Ilm) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Piz Cavel is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps situated between the Val Sumvitg and the Val Lumnezia in the canton of Graubünden. The closest locality is Vrin on the eastern side.
 Piz Maler is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located south of Sedrun in the canton of Graubünden. It lies at the northern end of the range between Lai da Curnera and Lai da Nalps.
 Bolagen (Southern Sami: Båålege) is a lake in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The 2.5-square-kilometre (0.97 sq mi) lake is located about 4.5 kilometres (2.8 mi) southeast of the village of Brekken and about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) west of the border with Sweden. The large lake Aursunden lies about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) to the west of Bolagen.
 Lake Parker is an oval-shaped natural freshwater lake 2 miles (3.2 km) west of Lake Wales Florida. It has a 134-acre (540000 m2) surface area and it in a rural area. On its north and northeast is pastureland on its northwest is a citrus grove and on its west are small farms. On its southwest are a row of residences along Albritton Way.
 The Malvan is a small river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. Its source is in Vence and it flows into the Cagne in Cagnes-sur-Mer.
 Grayrigg Forest is a hill in England located on the eastern edge of what might be considered the Lake District though lying outside the national park. Reaching 494 metres above sea level it is attainable from the less well-known Borrowdale valley.From near the summit there are impressive views down into the gorge of the Lune valley where road West Coast Main Line railway M6 motorway and River Lune crowd between the outliers of the Lake District and the Howgill Fells.
 Lake George is a small lake in Anoka County Minnesota. The lake is located within the city of Oak Grove 12 miles north of the city of Anoka. Minnesota's Department of Natural Resources tracks the lake by the name George and the identifier 02-0091-00.
 Bald Knoll also called Black Knoll Buck Knoll or Corral Knoll is a cinder cone in Utah in the Southwestern United States.It is the youngest volcano at the southwest portion of the Paunsaugunt Plateau and it consists of basaltic lava with a well-preserved volcanic crater at its summit.
 The Merila River or Valea Găurii River or Mirele River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
 The Waikamaka River is a river of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is a tributary of the Whakaurekou River part of the Rangitikei River system. The Waikamaka flows northwest from its sources in the Ruahine Range to reach the Whakaurekou 15 kilometres east of Taihape.
 Bobs Lake is a lake in the James Bay and Abitibi River drainage basins in Cochrane District in northeastern Ontario Canada.The lake is about 1.7 kilometres (1.1 mi) long and 0.8 kilometres (0.5 mi) wide lies at an elevation of 287 metres (942 ft) and is located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) northeast of the community of Monteith on Ontario Highway 11 and just 800 metres (2625 ft) south of the Abitibi River.
 Mont Panié is a mountain on the island of Grande Terre in New Caledonia. At 1628 metres (5341 ft) it is the island's highest point. Mont Panié is situated in the Chaîne Centrale mountain range.New Calendonia is a special collectivity of France located in the southwest Pacific Ocean. The second highest peak on the island Mount Humboldt is nearly as tall as Mont Panié with an elevation of 1618 metres (5308 ft).
 The Mineu River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
 The Gârbovăț River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 The Majada River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Hartevatnet or Hartevatn is a lake in the municipality of Bykle in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is located near the village of Hovden. The lake is a good fishing spot and it contains lots of brown trout. The lake is formed by a hydro-electric dam on the river Otra. It is also connected to the nearby lake Breivevatnet by a canal.
 The Gârbea River (Hungarian: Görbe-patak meaning Curved Creek) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Portezuelo del Cajón also known as Hito Cajón is a mountain pass on the border between Chile and Bolivia located on the lower southeast flank of Juriques volcano close to the Licancabur volcano. While Bolivian customs are completed at the top of the pass Chilean customs are completed in the town of San Pedro de Atacama 45 kilometres (28 mi) away.
 Lac de l'Oriente is a lake in Corsica France.
 Ettelsberg is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Ems is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Mount Eboshi (烏帽子岳 Eboshi-dake) is a stratovolcano located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Champara is a mountain in the north of the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5750 metres (18865 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Yuracmarca District. Champara lies southeast of the lake Quyllurqucha.
 The Mohoi River is a tributary of the Bătătura Cailor River in Romania.
 Drag Hill is a mountain in Bergen County New Jersey. The peak rises to 1060 feet (323 m) and overlooks Bear Swamp Lake to the west. It is part of the Ramapo Mountains.Drag Hill is part of Ringwood State Park.
 The Rio Cobre is a river of Jamaica. Its source is unclear on the best map available the headwaters being a writhing of unnamed seasonally dry tributaries. The highest of these rise just above the 1750 feet (530 m) contour. From here it flows to meet the Caribbean Sea in the north west corner of Kingston Harbour. It is dammed by the Rio Cobre Dam just above Spanish Town.The river's most significant feature is perhaps the gorge through which it runs between Bog Walk and northern Spanish Town.
 Elwin Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located Prince Regent Inlet by the northeastern shore of Somerset Island. Port Leopold is nearby.
 The Scocul Ursului River is a tributary of the Valea Gardului River in Romania.
 The Anacostia River /ænəˈkɒstiə/ is a river in the Mid Atlantic region of the United States. It flows from Prince George's County in Maryland into Washington D.C. where it joins with the Washington Channel to empty into the Potomac River at Buzzard Point. It is approximately 8.7 miles (14.0 km) long.
 Korolev is a large lunar crater of the walled plain type named for Soviet rocket engineer Sergey Korolyov. It lies on the far side of the Moon and the northern part of its floor crosses the lunar equator.
 The Cucioaia River is a tributary of the Negraşu River in Romania.
 The Wasserbergfirst (2341 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located south of Muotathal in the canton of Schwyz. It lies on the range between the Hürital and the Bisistal north of the Schächentaler Windgällen.
 The Qattara Depression (Arabic: منخفض القطارة‎ Munḫafaḍ al-Qaṭṭārah) is a depression in the north west of Egypt in the Matruh Governorate and is part of the Libyan Desert. It lies below sea level and is covered with salt pans sand dunes and salt marshes. The region extends between latitudes of 28°35' and 30°25' North and longitudes of 26°20' and 29°02' East.
 Stuart Lake or Nak'albun (IPA: [nakʼalpʌn]) in the Carrier (Dakelh) language is a lake situated in the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada. The town of Fort St. James is situated by the lake near the outlet (Stuart River).
 The Alma River is located in Marlborough New Zealand. It flows through rugged inland terrain before meeting the Severn River not far from where the Severn meets the Acheron River.
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 The Pita River is a tributary of the Ghimbav river in Romania.
 Mount Jefferson is a mountain located on the Continental Divide between Fremont County of northeastern Idaho and Beaverhead County of southwestern Montana.
 Osterseen is a group of lakes in Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 588 m its surface area is 223.55 ha.
 Amirani is an active volcano on Jupiter's moon Io. It is located on Io's leading hemisphere at 24.46°N 114.68°W﻿ / 24.46; -114.68﻿ (Amirani).The volcano is responsible for the largest active lava flow in the entire Solar System with recent flows dwarfing those of even other volcanos on Io.Amirani consists of a half-circle shaped 37 kilometres (23 mi)-wide volcanic pit which is connected to a 330 kilometres (210 mi)-long compound lava flow by a narrow channel.
 Lake Lurleen is a public reservoir located in Tuscaloosa County in west central Alabama. It is named after Lurleen Wallace the only woman elected Governor of Alabama to date. It is also the location of Lake Lurleen State Park.
 Lake Natron is a salt lake located in northern Tanzania close to the Kenyan border in the eastern branch of the East African Rift. The lake is fed by the Southern Ewaso Ng'iro River and also by mineral-rich hot springs. It is quite shallow less than three metres (9.8 ft) deep and varies in width depending on its water level which changes due to high levels of evaporation leaving behind a mixture of salts and minerals called natron.
 The Brindabella Range commonly called The Brindabellas is a mountain range located in Australia on a state and territory border that separates New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory (ACT). The range rises to the west of Canberra the capital city of Australia and includes the Namadgi National Park in the ACT and the Bimberi Nature Reserve and Brindabella National Park in New South Wales.
 The Yonne is a river in France left tributary of the Seine. It is 292 km long. The river gives its name to the Yonne département. It rises in the Nièvre département in the Morvan hills near Château-Chinon. It flows into the river Seine in Montereau-Fault-Yonne. The Yonne flows through the following départements and towns: Nièvre: Château-Chinon ClamecyYonne: Auxerre Migennes Joigny Villeneuve-sur-Yonne SensSeine-et-Marne: Montereau-Fault-Yonne
 Fet is a crater on Mercury that is named for the Russian poet Afanasy Fet who lived from 1820 to 1892. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. The diameter of the crater is 24 kilometers.
 Glanerbeek is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Long Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island Canada northeast of Ladysmith Harbour.
 McNulty Lake is a lake located in Lee County Arkansas USA between Little Rock Arkansas and Memphis Tennessee near Marianna Arkansas.
 The Stillwater River is a tributary of the Yellowstone River. Approximately 70 miles (113 km) long it runs through southern Montana in the United States.
 About this sound Stonávka (Polish: Stonawka ) is a 33 kilometres (21 mi)-long river in the Karviná District Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic in the historical region of Cieszyn Silesia.It is a left tributary of the Olza River which it enters in Karviná. It flows through Albrechtice and Stonava before entering Karviná. The Těrlicko Dam is located on this river.
 The Cioara River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 The Adrian River is a tributary of the Racșa River in Romania.
 Forggensee is a lake located north of Füssen in the district of Ostallgäu in Bavaria Germany. One of many lakes in the region around Hohenschwangau and Neuschwanstein castles Forggensee is the fifth-largest lake in Bavaria with a surface area of 15.2 km². The River Lech flows through it. Forggensee is known primarily as a tourist destination for aquatic sports and recreation. The lake provides ideal conditions for surfing sailing fishing and boating.
 Ibragimov is a crater on Mars. It is named after the Azerbaijani and Soviet astrophysicist Nadir Baba Ogly Ibragimov.
 Toms Creek is a 20.8-mile-long (33.5 km) tributary of the Monocacy River in Pennsylvania and Maryland in the United States. Via the Monocacy River it is part of the Potomac River watershed flowing to Chesapeake Bay and the Atlantic Ocean.The creek rises on South Mountain in southwestern Adams County Pennsylvania and flows south then southeast through Iron Springs and Carroll Valley Pennsylvania and past Emmitsburg Maryland.
 Sia Kangri (7442 m 24370 ft) is a mountain in the Baltoro Muztagh in the Karakoram. Its summit is on the Tibet (China) and Pakistan border. It is the 63rd highest mountain in the world and the 25th highest in Pakistan. The peak is on the watershed between the Indus River basin and the Tarim Basin. Indira Col is 3 km to the east.
 The Waiaruhe River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northeast from its origins close to Ngawha Springs to reach the northern Waitangi River five kilometres south of Kerikeri.
 The Auroue is a 62.4 km (38.8 mi) long river in the Gers Lot-et-Garonne and Tarn-et-Garonne départements south western France. Its source is at Crastes 15 km (9.3 mi) northeast of Auch. It flows generally north. It is a left tributary of the Garonne into which it flows between Saint-Sixte and Saint-Nicolas-de-la-Balerme 13 km (8.1 mi) southeast of Agen.
 Cunitz is a crater on Venus at latitude 14.5 longitude 350.9 in western Eistla Regio. It is 48.6 km in diameter and was named for a 17th-century Silesian astronomer Maria Cunitz.
 Lake Eacham: (originally Yidyam or Wiinggina) is a popular lake of volcanic origin on the Atherton Tableland of Queensland Australia within the World Heritage listed Wet Tropics of Queensland.
 Contoocook Lake is a 323-acre (1.3 km2) water body located in Cheshire County in southwestern New Hampshire United States in the towns of Jaffrey and Rindge. The lake along with Pool Pond forms the headwaters of the Contoocook River which flows north to the Merrimack River in Penacook New Hampshire. Contoocook Lake is a good place for freshwater fishing with catfish sunfish and bass.
 Belknap Mountain is a mountain located in Belknap County New Hampshire south of Lake Winnipesaukee. Like the county the mountain and the associated Belknap Mountains are named after Jeremy Belknap (1744–1798) a renowned preacher historian and author of The History of New Hampshire.The peak of Belknap Mtn. is the highest point in the county.Although of only modest elevation the isolation of the Belknap Mountains gives Belknap Mtn.
 The Giucoșin River is a tributary of the Galațca River It originates in Romania and crosses the border into Serbia where it joins the Galațca.
 The Baldwin River is a 25.2-mile-long (40.6 km) stream in the U.S. state of Michigan. The river rises out of Wide Waters on the southern edge of the Baldwin Luther Swamp in Newkirk Township Lake County at 43°59′32″N 85°45′58″W. Several tributaries rise in the hills to the east of the swamp and one stream labeled as the Baldwin River on USGS topographic maps rises in section 23 just southwest of the village of Luther.
 Lake Oku is a crater lake on the Bamenda Plateau in the Northwest Region of Cameroon. It is located at 2219 metres (7280 ft) on Mount Oku and is completely surrounded by cloud forest.The lake lies in an explosion crater formed in the last phase of development of the Oku Massif a large volcanic field with a diameter of about 100 kilometres (62 mi). Mount Oku is a stratovolcano that rises to 3011 metres (9879 ft).
 The Sassandra River is a river of western Côte d'Ivoire in West Africa. It is formed by the confluence of the Tienba River which originates in the highlands of northwestern Côte d'Ivoire and the Gouan River (also known as the Bafing Sud River) which originates to the west in the highlands of Guinea. The Sassandra flows south-southeast to empty into the Gulf of Guinea on the Atlantic Ocean.
 Sura K'uchu (Aymara sura dry jiquima a species of Pachyrhizus k'uchu angle sura angle hispanicized spelling Sora Khucho) is a mountain in the Andes about 5333 m (17497 ft) high situated in the Cordillera Occidental on the border of Bolivia and Chile. It is located in the Arica and Parinacota Region of Chile and in the Oruro Department of Bolivia in the Sajama Province Turku Municipality Chachakumani Canton south of the Uqi Uqini volcano and north of the Umurata.
 Carapo River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Pârâul Gradului River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
 Powai Lake (named after Framaji Kavasji Powai Estate) is an artificial lake situated in Mumbai in the Powai valley where a Powai village with a cluster of huts existed. The city suburb called Powai shares its name with the lake.Indian Institute of Technology Bombay one of the premier institutions of science and technology in India is located to the east of the lake. Another famous institution the National Institute of Industrial Engineering (NITIE) is also located close to the lake.
 Zierker See is a lake in the Mecklenburg Lake District in Germany. It is situated in the district of Mecklenburgische Seenplatte of the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
 Oldman Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Oldman Lake is immediately east of Mount Morgan and north of Flinsch Peak. Oldman Lake is a 5.7 miles (9.2 km) hike from the Two Medicine Store.
 Blackhead is a mountain located in Greene County New York.
 Norway Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County Ontario Canada.The lake is about 0.6 kilometres (0.4 mi) long and 0.4 kilometres (0.2 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 340 metres (1115 ft) about 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of the community of Gunter and 15.5 kilometres (10 mi) northwest of the community of Cloyne.
 The Răchitiș River is a tributary of the Tarcău River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Sărat is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Mount Whitecap (13025 ft (3970 m)) is located in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Situated 2.25 mi (3.62 km) southwest of Gannett Peak Mount Whitecap is in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest. Baby Glacier lies just to the east of the peak and Split Mountain is 1 mi (1.6 km) southeast. Mount Whitecap is the 30th tallest peak in Wyoming.
 Perf is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lake Shetek is the largest lake in southwestern Minnesota United States and the headwaters of the Des Moines River. It is located in The Lakes an unincorporated community in Murray County a few miles north-northwest of Currie. The name Shetek is derived from pelican in the Ojibwe language.Since large lakes are rare in southwestern Minnesota and for some distance over the borders into Iowa and South Dakota Lake Shetek is a significant regional draw for water recreation.
 The Upukerora River is a river in New Zealand flowing into Lake Te Anau north of Te Anau township.
 The Glishorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking Brig-Glis in the canton of Valais.
 Black Creek is a 13.0-mile-long (20.9 km) tributary of the St. Johns River. It is located in Clay County Florida. It rises in the Jennings State Forest from the north fork and from Kingsley Lake from the south and east forks. It passes near the communities of Middleburg Asbury Lake Hibernia and Green Cove Springs. It flows into the St. Johns River north of Green Cove Springs.The creek is named for the water coloration caused by the presence of tannin from decaying leaves and vegetation.
 Bruckbach (Felchbach) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Black Mountain is a summit in the Cleveland National Forest of the Peninsular Ranges in eastern San Diego County California north of Ramona. The peak is measured at 4048 feet (1234 m) and is sometimes referenced as Big Black Mountain to distinguish it from the smaller Rancho Peñasquitos Black Mountain Open Space Park in the city of San Diego. Black Mountain offers a WX channel for people who wish to tune in on radios to hear the weather; channel is located on VHF frequency 162.4000 MHz.
 The Little Colorado River is a river in the U.S. state of Arizona providing the principal drainage from the Painted Desert region. Together with its major tributary the Puerco River it drains an area of about 26500 square miles (69000 km2) in eastern Arizona and western New Mexico.
 Große Ohe is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Middagskollen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 The Salcia River is a tributary of the Șurgani River in Romania. The Salcia dam is constructed on this river.
 The Waiomoko River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southeast to reach the Pacific Ocean 22 kilometres northeast of the city of Gisborne.
 Pine Creek is a tributary to Canoe Creek in the Upper Iowa River watershed in northeast Iowa; see Pine Creek (Upper Iowa River) for the larger nearby stream of the same name. It runs through Pleasant Township in Winneshiek County. It drains an entirely rural area with some cleared farmland but is also forested. The watershed covers 7205 acres (29.16 km2).Much of it is contained in the South Pine Creek Wildlife Management Area maintained by the Iowa Department of Natural Resources.
 The Steinwald is a mountain range up to 946 m above sea level in southern Germany and at the same time a nature park (Steinwald Nature Park) founded in 1970 with an area of 246 square kilometres (95 sq mi) in the province of Upper Palatinate in North Bavaria.
 Lake Gleneida is a controlled lake in Carmel New York United States. It is part of New York City's water supply system created when an original pond was dammed in 1870.
 Anthony's Nose is a peak along the Hudson River at the north end of Westchester County New York.
 Signal Mountain was named in 1916 by Morrison P. Bridgland. It is located in the Maligne Range in Alberta.
 Tarrabool Lake is located on the western fringe of the Barkly Tableland in northeastern Northern Territory Australia. The size of the lake fluctuates as a function of the amount of precipitation that the surrounding area receives in any given year. Although the lake is fed by several creeks it receives most of its runoff from Creswell Creek which enters the northeast end of the lake. When fully inundated Tarrabool is the largest wooded swamp in tropical Australia.
 The Skipanon River is a tributary of the Columbia River approximately 7 miles (11 km) long on the Pacific coast of northwest Oregon in the United States. It is the last tributary of the Columbia on the Oregon side draining an area of coastal bottom land bordered by sand dunes and entering the river from the south at its mouth west of Astoria.The Skipanon River issues from Cullaby Lake in western Clatsop County northeast of Seaside and less than 3 miles (4.8 km) from the ocean.
 Matisse is an impact crater on the Southern hemisphere of Mercury. Matisse takes its name from the French artist Henri Matisse.
 Canoe Creek is a 33.2-mile-long (53.4 km) tributary of the Upper Iowa River. It rises in Burr Oak Township in Winneshiek County Iowa. North Canoe Creek rises in Hesper Township meeting the main stream in Canoe Township. Canoe Creek continues through Pleasant Township to enter the Upper Iowa just into Allamakee County in Hanover Township in the state-maintained Canoe Creek Wildlife Management Area.
 Cache Valley is an agricultural valley of northern Utah and southeast Idaho that includes the Logan metropolitan area. The valley was used by 19th century mountain men and was the site of the 1863 Bear River Massacre.
 Grassy Hill (Chinese: 草山; pinyin: Cao Shan) is the tenth highest hill in Hong Kong. Peaked at 647 m it is situated between Tsuen Wan and Tai Po and near the Lead Mine Pass. The Stage 7 of MacLehose Trail runs near its peak.
 Bolzer See is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 31.6 m its surface area is 0.81 km².
 Piz di Strega is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps overlooking Pass Giümela on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. Its summit lies south of Pizzo di Ramulazz.
 Poincaré is a large lunar impact basin that lies in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. Most of the formation has been heavily eroded by subsequent impacts leaving a battered formation with only rugged remnants of the original outer rim to the west.The eastern half has been completely worn away and much of the interior has been resurfaced by lava flows. This surface has a lower albedo than the surrounding terrain giving it a dark appearance.
 Lago della Sella is a reservoir near St. Gotthard Pass in the canton of Ticino Switzerland. The gravity dam with a height of 36 m was completed in 1947.The dam was planned and built under control of the Swiss engineer Fritz Gigax.
 The Sierra Nevada (/siˈɛrə nɨˈvɑːdə/ or /nɨˈvædə/ Spanish: [ˈsjera neˈβaða] snowy range) is a mountain range in the western United States between the Central Valley of California and the Basin and Range Province. The vast majority of the range lies in the state of California although the Carson Range spur lies primarily in Nevada. The Sierra runs 400 miles (640 km) north-to-south and is approximately 70 miles (110 km) across east-to-west.
 Pixwaager Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bile River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Veneziaspitze (Italian: Cima Venezia; German: Veneziaspitze) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps on the border between South Tyrol and Trentino Italy.
 The Arauá River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Hot Springs Mountain is located in the Peninsular Ranges in California. The mountain rises to an elevation of 6535 feet (1992 m) and is the highest point in San Diego County. Some snow falls on the mountain peak during winter. It is located in a remote region of the county 4 miles from the community of Warner Springs 12 miles from Borrego Springs and 50 miles from San Diego. The mountain and its immediate surroundings belong to the Los Coyotes Band of Cahuilla and Cupeno Indians.
 Chappal Waddi or Gangirwal is a mountain in Nigeria and at 2419 meters is the country's highest point. It is located in Taraba State near the border with Cameroon in the Gashaka Gumti Forest Reserve and (Gashaka-Gumpti National Park) on the Mambilla Plateau. it is a part of the Bamenda-Adamawa-Mandara Mountain chain of Nigeria and Cameroon. Chappal Wadi is sometimes cited as the highest point in West Africa if the region is defined as excluding Cameroon.
 Mount Howitt is a mountain in Victoria Australia named for Alfred William Howitt. Located in the Wonangatta Moroka Unit of the Alpine National Park approximately 170 km north-east of Melbourne.The mountain is a popular bushwalking destination due to spectacular views and relatively easy access in summer via several popular walks including the Australian Alps Walking Track. The closet point to a road is via MacAlister Springs and the Howitt Plains a distance of about seven kilometres.
 The Tbilisi sea (Georgian: თბილისის წყალსაცავი) or Tbilisi reservoir is an artificial lake in the vicinity of Tbilisi that serves as a reservoir. The lake has a length of 8.75 km and a width of 2.85 km. It was opened in 1953 and has become a popular recreation spot. It is planned to develop the Tbilisi sea into a recreational park with various sports facilities.
 Tower Lakes can be considered either one or two lakes since they consist of a north and a south lake joined by a narrow water passage. Tower Lakes is a landscaping feature of the Tower Lakes Adult Mobile Home Community just north of Lake Wales Florida. The mobile home park is just east of US Highway 27; the only park entrance can only be accessed from the highway.
 Ponmudi (Malayalam: പൊന്മുടി) (the Golden Peak) is a hill station in the Thiruvananthapuram district of Kerala in India. Its located 61 km north-east of Trivandrum city at an altitude of 1100 m. It is a part of the Western Ghats mountain range that runs parallel to the Arabian Sea.Ponmudi is blessed with scenic splendor and natural beauty Ponmudi has a carpet of thick tropical forest that rolls down to the foot of the hill range.
 Not to be confused with Cardamom Hills in Tamil Nadu India. For other uses see Cardamom (disambiguation).The Krâvanh Mountains literally the Cardamom Mountains (Khmer: ជួរភ្នំក្រវាញ Chuor Phnom Krâvanh; Thai: ทิวเขาบรรทัด Thio Khao Banthat Thai pronunciation: [tʰiw kʰǎw ban.tʰát]) is a mountain range in the south west of Cambodia and Eastern Thailand.The silhouette of the Cardamom Mountains appears in the provincial seal of Trat Province in Thailand.
 Carpenter Lake officially Carpenter Lake Reservoir is the largest of the three reservoirs of the Bridge River Power Project which is located in the mountains west of Lillooet British Columbia. The lake is about 185 kilometres north of the province's major city of Vancouver and is formed by the diversion of the Bridge River by Terzaghi Dam into Seton Lake via a tunnel through Mission Mountain which separates the Seton and Bridge drainages.
 The Șerpoaia River is a tributary of the Trestia River in Romania.
 Becharof Lake is a 37-mile (60 km) long lake on the Alaska Peninsula. It is located 23 miles (37 km) south-east of Egegik in the Aleutian Range.Becharof Lake is the second largest lake in Alaska after Iliamna Lake. It ranks eighth on list of largest lakes of the United States by volume and fourteenth on list of largest lakes of the United States by area.
 The Shell Rock River is a 113-mile-long (182 km) tributary of the Cedar River in southern Minnesota and northern Iowa in the United States. Via the Cedar and Iowa rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. The United States Board on Geographic Names settled on Shell Rock River as the stream's name in 1931. According to the Geographic Names Information System it has also been known by the spelling Shellrock River.
 Tustumena Lake is a lake on the west side of the Kenai Peninsula in southcentral Alaska near the town of Kasilof. The lake is 25 miles (40 km) long and up to 6 miles (9.7 km) wide and receives drainage from Tustumena Glacier. The outlet forms the headwaters of the Kasilof River. The lake and the area around it are known for game hunting and for the Tustumena 200 Sled Dog Race.
 The Mayacamas Mountains are located in northwestern California in the United States. The mountain range is part of the Northern Inner Coast Ranges of the California Coast Ranges System.
 Bearhead Mountain (8406 feet (2562 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The mountain is named for kyáiyótokan a Piegan warrior known for his war against the dreaded Assiniboine White Dog. kyáiyótokan was also a survivor of the Marias Massacre and the brother of Chief Heavy Runner a confidant of Glacier author James Willard Schultz.
 Putahow Lake is a lake in north-west Manitoba near the provincial boundary with Nunavut Canada. Putahow Lake is a lake with an average elevation of 321 meters above sea level. Mean temperature range is from -30 deg C in January to +14 deg C in July.
 The São João River (Iguazu River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Lake Elton (Russian: Эльтон) is a salt lake in Volgograd Oblast Russia near the border with Kazakhstan. It has an area of 150 km² and is from 0.3 to 0.6 m deep.
 Monte Novegno is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1552 metres.
 Somerville Lake is a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers reservoir on Yegua Creek in the Brazos River basin 10 miles (16 km) northwest of Brenham Texas USA. The town of Somerville in Burleson County is adjacent to the reservoir. The lake extends into portions of Burleson County Washington County and Lee County. The dam lies in Washington County. The dam and lake are managed by the Fort Worth District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
 Serra Negra is a mountain in the southcentral part of the island of Sal in Cape Verde. The small mountain range runs from southwest to northeast and its length is nearly 1.5 to 2 km and the width is between 500 and 600 m.
 Washington Park Lake is a body of water in Albany New York located in the southwestern corner of Washington Park. It has a surface area of 5.2 acres (21000 m2) and a mean depth of 6.6 feet (2.0 m). The deepest sections of the lake are just over 11 feet (3.4 m) deep. The lake is roughly 1600 feet (490 m) long and 140 feet (43 m) wide. Next to the lake is the Washington Park Lakehouse and an amphitheater where the Park Playhouse performs musicals in the summer.
 The Paraguay River (Río Paraguay in Spanish Rio Paraguai in Portuguese Ysyry Paraguái in Guarani) is a major river in south central South America running through Brazil Bolivia Paraguay and Argentina. It flows about 2621 kilometres (1629 mi) from its headwaters in the Brazilian state of Mato Grosso to its confluence with the Paraná River north of Corrientes.
 Ganga Lake (Mongolian: Ганга нуур) is a saltwater lake located in Dariganga sum Sükhbaatar Province Mongolia. The lake lies on the transition zone between the southern steppes and the Gobi desert giving it a unique landscape of lakes steppes and sand dunes.
 The Coisca River is a tributary of the Sălătrucel River in Romania.
 Mount Harker is a mountain peak located east of Willis Glacier in the Saint Johns Range Victoria Land Antarctica. The mountain was first mapped by the Terra Nova Expedition (1910–1913) led by Robert Falcon Scott. The mountain is named for Alfred Harker (1859–1939) an English geologist who specialised in petrology and petrography.
 The Hauts-Forts (2466 m) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps located east of Morzine in the French department of Haute-Savoie within one kilometre of the Swiss border. The closest locality is Avoriaz from where a cable car leads to its summit.
 Page Lake is a lake located in New Milford Pennsylvania United States. It is approximately 1.6 km long with an average center depth of 7.62 m. There are a variety of plants and animals that can be found in and around Page Lake.
 The Albele River is a tributary of the Ismar River in Romania.
 Admiralty Peak is a peak 3100 feet (945 m) high lying east of Wilckens Peaks in the central part of South Georgia. Charted by Discovery Investigations in 1926–30 and named after the Board of Admiralty. This article incorporates public domain material from the United States Geological Survey document Admiralty Peak (content from the Geographic Names Information System).
 Creech Barrow Hill is a steep conical hill 193 metres (633 ft) (one source 637 feet) high near the coast of Dorset England and the highest point of the Dorset Heaths. It has been described as one of Dorset's most distinctive landmarks. Geologically it is also the highest Cenozoic hill in England.There is a single round barrow at the summit that gives Creech Barrow Hill its name and from some angles the appearance of a double summit. To the southeast is Stone Hill Down long barrow.
 Nevelfjell is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Fingal's Cave is a sea cave on the uninhabited island of Staffa in the Inner Hebrides of Scotland part of a National Nature Reserve owned by the National Trust for Scotland. It became known as Fingal's Cave after the eponymous hero of an epic poem by 18th-century Scots poet-historian James Macpherson.
 Pešter or Pešterska visoravan (Serbian Cyrillic: Пештер pronounced [pɛ̌ʃtɛr] or Пештерска висораван) is a karst plateau in southwestern Serbia in the Raška (Sandžak) region. It lies at the altitude of 1150–1492 m (Kuljarski vrh) at 1492 meters. The territory of the plateau is mostly located in the municipality of Sjenica with parts belonging to Novi Pazar and Tutin.
 Lake Dulverton is a large shallow lake/lagoon associated with the town of Oatlands in Southern Midlands of Tasmania. The lake has an uneven shoreline with many low sandstone cliffs and overhangs. The only island in the lake Mary's Island is a small sandstone rock roughly 80 m long with nothing more than a few cedars growing on it. The lake dried up in 1993 and remained dry for years until heavy rains in August 2010 filled the lake to near full supply level.
 Redoubt Volcano or Mount Redoubt is an active stratovolcano in the largely volcanic Aleutian Range of the U.S. state of Alaska. Located at the head of the Chigmit Mountains subrange in Lake Clark National Park and Preserve the mountain is just west of Cook Inlet in the Kenai Peninsula Borough about 180 km (110 mi) southwest of Anchorage. At 10197 feet in just over 5 miles (8 km) Mount Redoubt attains 9150 feet (2700 m) of prominence over its surrounding terrain.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Suseni River in Romania.
 Lower MacLeod Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Popeni River or Ursoaia River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Tongue River (Assiniboine: Tacéži wakpá ) is a tributary of the Yellowstone River approximately 265 mi (426 km) long in the U.S. states of Wyoming and Montana. The Tongue rises in Wyoming in the Big Horn Mountains flows through northern Wyoming and southeastern Montana and empties into the Yellowstone River at Miles City Montana.
 Y Fronllwyd also known as Carnedd y Filiast North Top is a top of Carnedd y Filiast in Snowdonia Wales forming part of the Glyderau. It is the northern end of the Glyder mounatin range. The summit has good views of Bethesda the Penrhyn Quarry the Carneddau Elidir Fawr and the Menai Strait. The summit was included on the original Nuttall's list subsequently deleted and then re-included after detailed re-surveying.
 The Cuțan River or Holom River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 The Vermilion River is a tributary of the North Saskatchewan River in east-central Alberta Canada. Its lower course flows through Vermilion River County which is named after this river.
 Autolycus is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southeast part of Mare Imbrium. West of the formation is Archimedes a formation more than double the size of Autolycus. Just to the north is Aristillus and the outer ramparts of these two craters overlap in the intermediate stretch of the lunar mare.The rim of Autolycus is somewhat irregular although generally circular overall. It has a small outer rampart and an irregular interior with no central peak.
 Monumentberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Izvoru River is a tributary of the Baleia River in Romania.
 Mahood Lake is a lake in the South Cariboo region of the Interior of British Columbia in Wells Gray Provincial Park. It is drained by the Mahood River a tributary of the Clearwater River which has cut a deep canyon into Cambrian rocks and Pleistocene glacial moraines.
 Cheat Mountain is an exceptionally high and rugged ridge situated in the Allegheny Mountains of eastern West Virginia USA. It is about 50 miles (80 km) long (north to south) and more than five miles (8 km) wide at its widest. Its highest point is at its southernmost end at Thorny Flat which has an elevation of 4848 feet (1478 m). Several other knobs rise above 4000 feet (1200 m) along its length.
 Whinlatter is a small fell in the north west of the English Lake District just north of the Whinlatter Pass. It is easily climbed from the top of the Whinlatter Pass through the Forestry Commission plantations. The Whinlatter Visitor's Centre a popular tourist attraction is on the south side of the fell. The hill is part of a horseshoe around the valley of Aiken Beck. The fells name originates from a combination of the Old Norse and Gaelic languages.
 The River Spey (Scottish Gaelic: Uisge Spè) is a river in the northeast of Scotland the second longest and the fastest-flowing river in Scotland. It is important for salmon fishing and whisky production.
 The Hoampa River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Gara River a perennial river that is a tributary of the Macleay River is located in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Cerro El Sol also known as Wei- or Uei-tepui is a small tepui in Bolívar state Venezuela. It is situated off the northern flank of Auyán-tepui just northwest of the similarly small Cerro La Luna and forms part of the Auyán Massif. Both it and Cerro La Luna emerge near the end of a long forested ridge leading from Auyán-tepui. Cerro El Sol has an elevation of around 1750 metres (5740 ft) and a summit area of 0.6 km2 (0.23 sq mi).
 Peleaga (Vârful Peleaga) is a mountain in Romania. It is the highest point in the Retezat Mountains with a summit elevation of 2509 metres above sea level. Peleaga is located in the Romanian county of Hunedoara and lies within the region of Romania known as Transylvania.In addition to its highest peak Peleaga the Retezat Mountains part of the Southern Carpathians are home to some of the highest massifs in Romania.
 The Nutzotin Mountains are a mountain range in Alaska United States and Yukon Canada. It has an area of 829 km2 and is a subrange of the Alaska Range of which they lie at the southeastern end. The portion of the range in the United States is split between the Southeast Fairbanks and Valdez-Cordova census areas.
 The Buchenbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Molina River is a river of Chile.
 Hickory Hills Lake is a privately owned freshwater lake in eastern Lamar County Mississippi southwest of the town of Hattiesburg. The lake was constructed in 1974 and is surrounded by a subdivision of 2 to 12-acre (49000 m2) homesteads.
 Deacock Glacier (53°11′S 73°31′E) is a glacier close west of Lavett Bluff on the south side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. Its terminus is between Cape Labuan and Long Beach. To the east of Deacock Glacier is Fiftyone Glacier whose terminus is located between Lavett Bluff and Lambeth Bluff. To the west of Deacock Glacier is Gotley Glacier whose terminus is located between Cape Arkona and Cape Labuan.
 The Svid (Russian: Свидь) is a river in Kargopolsky District in the south-west of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It connects Lake Vozhe and Lake Lacha and belongs to the river basin of the Onega River. It is 64 kilometres (40 mi) long and the area of its basin 6850 square kilometres (2640 sq mi).
 The Salt Spring Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert in northern San Bernardino County California.They are just outside the southeastern corner of Death Valley National Park southeast of the Saddle Peak Hills.The road south from Shoshone to Baker passes through the hills.
 The Barse (French: la Barse) is a 50.1 km (31.1 mi) long river in the Aube département north-central central France. Its source is under the château in Vendeuvre-sur-Barse. It flows generally west. It is a right tributary of the Seine into which it flows at Saint-Parres-aux-Tertres near Troyes.
 The Someșul Cald River is a headwater of the Someşul Mic River in Romania. It joins the Someșul Rece River in Lake Gilău.Lakes Mărişelu Tarniţa and Someşul Cald are located on this river.The Tarniţa - Lăpuşteşti Hydropower Plant began construction on the river on June 15 2008.
 Lomnessjøen is a lake in the municipality of Rendalen in Hedmark county Norway. The villages Åkre and Otnes are located by the lake.
 Bocholter Aa is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany and of the Netherlands. Its last part before joining the Oude IJssel is called Aa-strang in Dutch.
 The Christopher River is a river of New Zealand and lies just outside and immediately to the south of Nelson Lakes National Park. It flows south for five kilometres before joining the Ada River an upper tributary of the Waiau River.
 The Stratford-upon-Avon Canal is a canal in the south Midlands of England.The canal which was built between 1793 and 1816 runs for 25.5 miles (41.0 km) in total and consists of two sections. The dividing line is at Kingswood Junction which gives access to the Grand Union Canal.
 The Pârâul Roșiei is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Nevado del Plomo also spelled as Nevado El Plomo is a mountain located on the border between Argentina and Chile. Juncal Sur Glacier which feeds the Olivares River skirts the western side of the mountain.
 Sasamat Lake is located within Belcarra Regional Park. It is one of the warmest lakes in Greater Vancouver. At the south end of the lake there is a floating bridge used for fishing or swimming.[1] At the north end of the lake is White Pine Beach. Seasonal transit service is provide by Translink (Vancouver) to White Pine Beach.
 The Red Mountains of Washington County Utah is a mostly circular 7-mile (11 km) long mountain range. The small massif of the mountains is surrounded by two large ranges northwest and northeast the Bull Valley and Pine Valley Mountains. Bordering southwest is the smaller Beaver Dam Mountains. Between the Beaver Dam and Bull Valley Mountains are rivercouses streams or washes and encircling the west and northwest foothills is the Santa Clara River.
 Dividing Creek is a 19.1-mile-long (30.7 km) tributary of the Pocomoke River on the Delmarva Peninsula. It rises in Wicomico County Maryland and forms the boundary between Somerset and Worcester counties.The entire watershed is in the Atlantic coastal plain and quickly reaches sea level at the Pocomoke. The original county courthouse for pre-1742 Somerset County was located not far above the mouth of Dividing Creek close to its west bank.
 The Valea Scurtă River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Venna River rises in Mahabaleshwar and is a tributary of the Krishna River in Satara district of western Maharashtra India. It rises near Mahableshwar a famous hill station in the Western Ghats. The river meets the Krishna River and this confluence takes place at Sangam Mahuli which is located in eastern part of Satara city. The River Krishna is one of the three largest rivers in southern India.
 The Archbach also called Planseeache is an about 15 km long influx on the right side of the Lech River in Tyrol Austria. It arises from the Plansee in Breitenwang. After that the river flows northeastward to Reutte and to Pflach where it merges with the Lech.
 Chaos Crags is the youngest group of lava domes in Lassen Volcanic National Park California having been formed as five dacite domes 1100-1000 years ago. The cluster of domes is located north of Lassen Peak. From the base of the crags and extending toward the northwest corner of the park is Chaos Jumbles a cold rock avalanche which undermined Chaos Crags' northwest slope 300 years ago.
 The Mutirikwe River (formerly Mtilikwe River) is a river in southeastern Zimbabwe. It is a tributary of the Runde River and its major tributaries include Pokoteke River.The river is dammed at Lake Mutirikwe which is recognised as an important wetland and at Bangala Dam near Renco.
 Sundvatnet (Northern Sami: Sopmirjávri) is a lake in Deatnu-Tana Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 5.54-square-kilometre (2.14 sq mi) lake lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northwest of the village of Rustefjelbma. The Tanafjorden lies less than 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) west of the lake.
 The Umkomazi River is a river in KwaZulu-Natal South Africa.
 Bradley Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The glacially formed lake is located near the terminus of Garnet Canyon. Bradley Lake can be accessed by the Bradley Lake Trail a 4 miles (6.4 km) roundtrip hike commencing from the Taggart Lake trailhead parking area. The lake is less than one half mile (0.8 km) north of Taggart Lake.
 Schondra is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Wilsterau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany. It is a right tributary of the Stör.
 Three Sisters Mountain is a mountain near Dahlonega Lumpkin County Georgia with a trio of peaks known locally as Rattlesnake Wildcat and McBrayer. The middle summit is the highest with an elevation of 2131 feet (650 m).
 The Mateiașul Mic River is a headwater of the Mateiașul River in Romania.
 The River Lossie (Scottish Gaelic: Uisge Losaidh) is a river in north east Scotland. Ptolemy (c.90 – c.168) the Greco / Roman geographer named it as ost. Loxa Fl. The river originates in the hills above Dallas in Moray and has its source 400 metres above sea-level. It enters the sea at Lossiemouth on the Moray Firth. By the time it moves through Elgin its rate of flow in normal conditions is best described as very slow.
 The Râoaia Mare River is a headwater of the Râoaia River in Romania.
 Horrungen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Lake Barco is a lake in Putnam County Florida United States.It is roughly circular about 200 metres (660 ft) in diameter.The nearest settlement is Melrose Florida about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) to the northwest.Lake Barco is a sinkhole lake typical of the region where unconsolidated deposits on the surface have slumped into the highly soluble limestone of the upper Floridan aquifer.The organic-rich sediments of the lake bottom lie on an unconfined aquifer made up mostly of sands.
 The Morro Alegre River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Lake Eppalock is a man-made lake located in North Central Victoria Australia. It's situated on the Campaspe River between the city of Bendigo and the town of Heathcote and serves as a major water storage facility for both places. In the past the lake was a major attraction for those engaging in watersports such as skiing with a number of tourist parks and accommodation facilities around the lake.
 The Missouri River is the longest river in North America longest tributary in the United States and a major waterway of the central United States. Rising in the Rocky Mountains of western Montana the Missouri flows east and south for 2341 miles (3767 km) before entering the Mississippi River north of St. Louis Missouri. The river takes drainage from a sparsely populated semi-arid watershed of more than half a million square miles (1300000 km2) which includes parts of ten U.S.
 Piz Mundaun is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps situated east of Obersaxen in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. In winter the mountain is part of ski area.
 The Capivara River (Pardo River) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Coca Plină River is a headwater of the Coca River in Romania.
 Hoseason Glacier is a 12 mi long glacier flowing north into the sea between West Stack and East Stack 15 mi east of Edward VIII Bay East Antarctica. Roughly mapped by Norwegian cartographers from aerial photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition 1936-37.
 Avogadro is an ancient lunar crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. The formation has been heavily worn and eroded by subsequent impacts so that the rim is now little more than a rounded edge surrounding the crater depression. The crater floor is equally worn being covered in a multitude of smaller craters of various sizes.
 The Tustumena Glacier is a glacier located on the Kenai Peninsula of Alaska. The Tustumena Glacier begins in the Harding Icefield and makes its way down west for about 20 miles (32 km) until its terminus roughly 5 miles (8.0 km) before Tustumena Lake. The glacier is retreating.A small lake called Arctic Lake sits alongside Tustumena Glacier with its outflow underneath the ice.
 Maacama Creek is a 7.3-mile-long (11.7 km) stream in northern Sonoma County California U.S.A. which empties into the Russian River near the city of Healdsburg.
 The Iskar Reservoir (язовир „Искър“) is the largest reservoir in Bulgaria. It is situated on the Iskar River and provides 2/3 of the water for the capital Sofia also being used for producing hydroelectricity.The reservoir has a total volume of 673 million m3 of which 580 million are in use and the rest is reserve. The reservoir has a drainage basin of 1046 km² and is 25 km long. It is situated at 820 m above sea level its dam being 204 m long and 76 m high.
 Lake Mégantic (French: Lac Mégantic) is a waterbody in Québec located in the Appalachian Mountains near the U.S. border. It is a source of the Chaudière River which drains into the St Lawrence River at Québec City. The name Mégantic means 'where the fish gather' in the Abénaquis language. The lake has a surface area of 26.4 km2 (10.2 sq mi) with several villages and small towns on its shores including Lac-Mégantic Frontenac Marston and Piopolis.
 Skrwa Prawa (Right Skrwa; in Polish also Skrwa Skrwa Północna or Płosznica) is a river of Poland a right tributary of the Vistula. Its own tributaries include the Okalewka the Urszulewka the Chraponianka the Sierpienica and the Bobrownica.Its shorter counterpart the Skrwa Lewa (Left Skrwa) joins the Vistula about three miles upstream on the opposite bank.
 Hundålvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Vefsn in Nordland county Norway. The lake lies in the western part of the municipality about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) west of Mosjøen. It is located just north of the Lomsdal–Visten National Park. The lake flows into the Hundåla river which flows north into the Vefsnfjorden.
 The das Velhas River of which the source was found to be the waterfall Andorinhas located in the municipality of Ouro Preto is by length the major tributary of the basin of the São Francisco river. Its water flows into that river at a place called Barra do (Dam of) Guaicuí municipality of da Palma (MG).
 The Cotagaita River is a river of Bolivia in the Potosí Department Nor Chichas Province Cotagaita Municipality. It is a right affluent of Tumusla River and belongs to the Pillku Mayu river basin..
 The Kunar River is about 480 km long located in northen Pakistan. The Kunar river system is fed from melting glaciers and snow of the Hindu Kush mountains. It is part of the Indus / Sindh watershed. It was once called the Kama river.The river rises in the far north of Chitral District in Pakistan. Downstream as far as Mastuj it is known as the Yarkhun River from there to its confluence with the Lutkho River just north of the important regional centre of Chitral it is called the Mastuj River.
 Lake Logipi is a saline alkaline lake that lies at the northern end of the arid Suguta Valley in the northern Kenya Rift. It is separated from Lake Turkana by the Barrier volcanic complex a group of young volcanoes that last erupted during the late 19th Century or early 20th Century. Saline hot springs discharge on the northern shoreline of Lake Logipi and at Cathedral Rocks near its southern limit and help to maintain water at times of extreme aridity.
 Mount Kasagata (笠形山 Kasagata-yama) is a 939.4 m (3082 ft)　mountain of Chūgoku Mountains located on the border of Taka and Kamikawa Hyōgo Japan. This mountain is one of Hyōgo 50 mountains. This mountain is an important center of Kasagatayama-Sengamine Prefectural Natural Park.
 The Criș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 The Gasconade River is about 280 miles (450 km) long and is located in central and south-central Missouri in the United States.The Gasconade River begins in the Ozarks southeast of Hartville in Wright County and flows generally north-northeastwardly through Wright Laclede Pulaski Phelps Maries Osage and Gasconade counties through portions of the Mark Twain National Forest. It flows into the Missouri River near the town of Gasconade in Gasconade County.
 The Loppan' River (Лопань) is a river that rises in Belgorod Oblast of Russia and flows across the Russian-Ukrainian border into Kharkiv Oblast where it joins the Udy River in Kharkiv. The river is 93 km long. The Kharkiv River is one of its tributaries.
 Matacuni River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Delångersån is a river in Sweden. After Ljusnan and Voxnan it is the third longest river in Hälsingland.
 Monte Granero is a peak in the Cottian Alps in western Piedmont northern Italy. It has an elevation of 3170 m. It is located between the Val Pellice and the Valle Po not far from the boundary with France.Administratively it's divided between the Province of Turin and of Cuneo both in Piemonte region.The Pellice torrent starts from the Monte Granero's western slopes. The Monte Meidassa is located nearby.
 Lake Nockamixon is a reservoir in southeastern Pennsylvania United States and the largest lake in Bucks County. It is formed by a dam on Tohickon Creek and is the centerpiece of Nockamixon State Park. Swimming is not allowed in the lake but boating is popular. The park maintains a marina and a boat rental as well as three other boat-launch areas.
 The Água Fria River (Tocantins River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Canal du Centre is a canal in Belgium which with other canals links the waterways of the Meuse and Scheldt rivers. It has a total length of 20.9 km. It connects the artificial lake Grand Large near Nimy with the Brussels-Charleroi Canal near Seneffe.
 Peril Peak (8651 feet (2637 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Bowman Glacier is a deeply entrenched glacier 40 nautical miles (70 km) long descending the polar plateau between the Quarles Range and the Rawson Plateau of the Queen Maud Mountains to enter the Ross Ice Shelf just west of the flow of Amundsen Glacier. It was discovered in December 1929 by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition geological party under Laurence Gould and named by Richard E.
 The Derwent is a river in the Lake District of the county of Cumbria in the north of England.
 Lick Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1921 by Arthur O. Wheeler.
 The Nonnensee is a lake in the borough of Bergen auf Rügen Vorpommern-Rügen district in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. It is located northwest of the town of Bergen auf Rügen and is a very shallow lake. As a result attempts were made as early as 1859/60 to drain the lake for agricultural land. Since about 1970 the lake was artificially drained and dried out. In 1993 the pumping station was shut and the lake re-established.
 Cheriton Hill is a hill near Folkestone in the south-east corner of the English county of Kent overlooking the English Channel. The relatively low-lying hill (reaching only 188 metres above sea level) is covered with farmland villages narrow lanes and footpaths.
 The Cumpărata Mică River is a headwater of the Ghimbav River in Romania.
 The Petit Morin is an 86 km-long (53 mi) river in France a left tributary of the Marne. Its source is in the commune Val-des-Marais. Its course crosses the departments of Marne Aisne and Seine-et-Marne. It flows westwards through the towns of Montmirail Villeneuve-sur-Bellot Saint-Cyr-sur-Morin and Jouarre finally flowing into the Marne in La Ferté-sous-Jouarre.
 The Dale Hollow Reservoir is a reservoir situated on the Kentucky/Tennessee border. The lake is formed by the damming of the Obey River 7.3 miles (12 km) above its juncture with the Cumberland River at river mile 380. Portions of the lake also cover the Wolf River. Dale Hollow is one of four major flood control reservoirs for the Cumberland; the others being J. Percy Priest Dam Wolf Creek Dam and Center Hill Dam. It is also the site of Dale Hollow Lake State Park on the north (Kentucky) side.
 Kovddoskaisi (Northern Sami: Govddosgáisi) is the fourth tallest mountain in Finland with a summit at 1242 m (prominence 440m). Many backpackers consider it to be the hardest summit to reach in Finland for its location between two valley lakes and relatively steep rise (up 600 m in 5 km) and harsh terrain.
 Wattenberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.de:Wattenberg (Habichtswald)
 Laksha Warina Lakshawarina Llaksha Warina or Llakshawarina (Quechua hispanicized Lacshahuarina Lacsha Huarina Llacshahuarina Llacsha Huarina) also known as Corona del Inca (Spanish for crown of the Inca) is a mountain in Peru. Its summit reaches 4281 metres (14045 ft) above sea level. The mountain is situated in the Huánuco Region Yarowilca Province on the border of the districts Chavinillo Choras and Jacas Chico.
 The Nanook River (meaning polar bear) is located on Victoria Island in Northern Canada commencing in the Northwest Territories and ending in Nunavut. The Nanook River originates in the island's central plain south of the Shaler Mountains. about two hours by Twin Otter north of Cambridge Bay.The river flows east passes through a rapid and then enters Namaycush Lake.
 The Matasnillo River (also spelled Mataznillo) is a river in Panama traversing southward from the hills north of Panama City through the heart of the city before entering Panama Bay and the Pacific Ocean.
 The Pangani River (pin-gi'nee) (also called Luffu and Jipe Ruvu especially in older sources and probably once called Rhaptus) is a major river of northeastern Tanzania. It has two main sources: the Ruvu which rises as Lumi at Kilimanjaro passes through Lake Jipe and empties into the Nyumba ya Mungu Reservoir - and the from west coming and mainly from Mount Meru fed Kikuletwa that also enters into the Nyumba ya Mungu Reservoir.
 The Échez is a left tributary of the Adour in the Hautes-Pyrénées in the Southwest of France.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 Sruwaddacon Bay (Irish: Sruth Fada Con meaning stream of the long hound) is a tidal estuary which runs through the middle of the Gaeltacht Kilcommon parish in Erris County Mayo Ireland. It is of historical importance in Irish legend an important marine habitat an E.U. Special Area of Conservation (SAC) and an EU Special Protected Area (Birds Directive). Its translated name in English Stream of the Long Hound reflects its general shape.
 The Babai River (Nepali: बबई नदी originates in and completely drains Inner Terai Dang Valley of Mid-Western Nepal. Dang is an oval valley between the Mahabharat Range and Siwalik Hills in its eponymous district. Dang was anciently home to indigenous Tharu people and came to be ruled from India by the House of Tulsipur who also counted as one of the Baise Rajya (Nepali: बाइसे राज्य) -- a confederation of 22 petty kingdoms in the Karnali (Ghagra) region.
 The Berrima River (in Victoria) also called the Berrima Creek (in New South Wales) is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian states of New South Wales and Victoria.
 Punta Alta de Comalesbienes also known as Punta Alta is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Punta Alta has an elevation of 3.014 metres above sea level.It is located close to the 2993 m high Pic de Comalesbienes on the eastern side of the Estany de Cavallers glacial lake near the Besiberri Massif in the Vall de Boí Pyrenees.
 The Chila mountain range lies in the Arequipa Region in the Andes of Peru. It extends between 15°02' and 15°26'S and 71°43' and 72°37'W for about 80 km. The range is located in the provinces Castilla and Caylloma.The highest mountain in the range is Chila at 5654 metres (18550 ft).
 The Minas Basin is an inlet of the Bay of Fundy and a sub-basin of the Fundy Basin located in Nova Scotia Canada. It is known for its extremely high tides.
 Sylvan Lake is a large lake in central Alberta Canada. The resort town of Sylvan Lake is established on the shores of the lake west of the city of Red Deer.Sylvan Lake is a mesotrophic lake with a total area of 42.8 km2 (16.5 sq mi) and a maximum depth of 18.3 m (60 ft). It lies at an elevation of 974 m (3196 ft).
 Sierra de Javalambre (Aragonese: Sierra de Chabalambre) is a 29 km (18 mi) long mountain range in the Gúdar-Javalambre comarca of Aragon and the Rincón de Ademuz and Serrans comarcas of the Valencian Community Spain.Highway N-234 winds its way between Sierra de Javalambre and Serra d'Espadà reaching the coast at Sagunto and the Autopista AP-7.
 Lac de la Mouille is a lake in Haute-Savoie France.
 Loch Brown also known in Scots as Loch Broun Broon or Broom was situated in a kettle hole in the mid-Ayrshire clayland near Crosshands. It is nowadays (2011) visible as a surface depression in pastureland partially flooded situated in a low lying area close to farms and dwellings of Skeoch Dalsangan Ladebrae Lochhill and Crosshands mainly in the Parish of Mauchline and partly in Craigie East Ayrshire Scotland.
 Anarchist Mountain is a mountain in British Columbia Canada which rises 1491 metres (4892 ft) above sea level. It is located east of the town of Osoyoos very near the US border leading to Grand Forks.
 Piz Salteras is a mountain of the Albula Alps located between Tinizong and Preda in the canton of Graubünden.
 Göygöl (Azerbaijani: Göygöl literally the Blue Lake) is a natural impounded lake in Azerbaijan. It is situated at the footsteps of Murovdag not far from Ganja.
 Humpback Mountain is a 5174-foot (1577 m) mountain peak in the Cascade Range in King County Washington.
 Janq'u Quta (Aymara janq'u white quta lake white lake hispanicized spelling Jankho Khota Jankho Kkota Janko Khota Janko Kota) is a lake in Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Pedro Domingo Murillo Province El Alto Municipality. It is situated south of Mount Wayna Potosí and north east of Lake Milluni at a height of about 4664 metres (15302 ft). There is a smaller lake of the same name east of it in the La Paz Municipality.
 Plummer Peak is a summit located in Mount Rainier National Park in Lewis County Washington. With an elevation of 6370 feet it is the seventh highest peak in the Tatoosh Range. It was named for Fred G. Plummer a Forest Service cartographer who taught geography in Tacoma Public Schools.Hiking to the summit requires a mix of hillwalking and scrambling.
 Lake Rotorua is 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) due west of Kaikoura in the Canterbury Region of the South Island of New Zealand.A 2010 report showed that Lake Rotorua had the second highest trophic level index an indication of pollutant levels of all the lakes that were measured.
 With its first ascent in 1940 Snowpatch Spire mountain peak was the last of the Bugaboo Spires to be climbed. It is located South-West of the Conrad Kain hut across the Crescent Glacier.
 Walden Pond is a lake in Concord Massachusetts in the United States. A famous example of a kettle hole it was formed by retreating glaciers 10000–12000 years ago.The writer transcendentalist and philosopher Henry David Thoreau lived on the northern shore of the pond for two years starting in the summer of 1845. His account of the experience was recorded in Walden; or Life in the Woods and made the pond famous.
 Dome A or Dome Argus is an ice dome on the Antarctic Plateau located 1200 kilometres (750 mi) inland. It is thought to be the coldest naturally occurring place on Earth with temperatures believed to get close to −90 °C (−130 °F). It is the highest ice feature in Antarctica consisting of a dome or eminence 4091 metres (13422 ft) elevation above sea level.
 Sempt is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Red River of New Mexico USA is a short perennial river that flows down the north slope of Mount Wheeler in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains flows west past the towns of Red River and Questa and then south into the Rio Grande just south of the La Junta Campground.The Red River is Taos’s winter fishery with prime time being from October through early April. The Red provides visitors the unique opportunity to fish and ski on the same trip to Taos.
 Wangdusan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1044 metres.
 Hart Crag is a fell in the English Lake District being one of the Fairfield group of hills in the Eastern Fells.
 Somonauk Creek is a tributary of the Fox River which it joins in the Northville Township part of Sheridan Illinois. Somonauk Creek is approximately 36 miles (58 km) in length and its source is 3.5 mi (6 km) north of Waterman. It has been dammed to form Lake Holiday south of the village of Somonauk. The lake is the second lake in the City of Sandwich with the first Lake Davis having been drained in the early 1900s to create usable farmland.
 The Pardo River (Mato Grosso do Sul) (Portuguese Rio Pardo) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paraná River which it enters in the reservoir of Sérgio Motta Dam.
 The Machadinho River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Mount Curi is a mountain in Manatuto District East Timor. It is part of the Mount Curi Important Bird Area and has an elevation of 1332 m.
 The Sierra del Escudo de Cabuérniga is a mountain range in Cantabria Spain. It is a northern foothill of the Cantabrian Mountains located between the main ranges and the Bay of Biscay. Its highest point is 927 m high Gándara.Traditionally in Cantabria this range has been considered the border between La Marina (The Coast) and La Montaña (The Mountain).
 White Deer Hole Creek is a 20.5-mile (33.0 km) tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River in Clinton Lycoming and Union counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. A part of the Chesapeake Bay drainage basin the White Deer Hole Creek watershed drains parts of ten townships.
 Trout Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Trout Lake is situated in the Camas Valley and is 1.25 miles (2.01 km) southwest of Arrow Lake and 1 mile (1.6 km) northeast of Rogers Lake. Nearby mountains include Rogers Peak to the west. Trout Lake is a 7 miles (11 km) one way hike from the North Fork Road.
 The River Avill is a small river on Exmoor in Somerset England. It rises on the eastern slopes of Dunkery Beacon and flows north through Timberscombe and Dunster flowing into the Bristol Channel at Dunster Beach.The Gallox Bridge in Dunster dates from the 15th century. It has been designated as a Grade I listed building and Scheduled Ancient Monument. It is a narrow stone packhorse bridge on the southern outskirts of Dunster with two arches over the River Avill.
 Kendrick Peak or Kendrick Mountain is one of the highest peaks in the San Francisco volcanic field north of the city of Flagstaff in the U.S. State of Arizona and is located on the Coconino Plateau in Coconino County.Kendrick Peak rises to a height of 10422 feet (3177 m) which makes it the 11th or 12th tallest summit (depending on the source) in Arizona.
 Riedsee bei Leeheim is a lake in Hesse Germany. At an elevation of 80 m its surface area is ca. 24 ha.
 Little Hunting Creek is a 3.6-mile-long (5.8 km) primarily tidal tributary of the Potomac River located in Fairfax County Virginia USA not to be confused with Hunting Creek farther north.
 Trehörningen is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Levski Peak (Bulgarian: Левски) is a peak in the central Balkan Mountains in Lovech Province Bulgaria. It is named after the famous Bulgarian revolutionary Vasil Levski. The peak is 2166 metres (7106 ft) high and is situated on the main ridge of the mountain range to the west of Golyam Kupen Peak. The peak is more famous with its old name Ambaritsa. According to the local legends Krali Marko's granaries were located in the area.
 The Pelham Range is a small mountain range on southern Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located northeast of Sarita and between the Sarita River and Alberni Inlet. It has an area of 52 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Mount Breakenridge 2395 m or 7858 ft is a mountain in the Lillooet Ranges of southwestern British Columbia Canada located on the east side of upper Harrison Lake in the angle of mountains formed by that lake and the Big Silver River.
 Block Tower is a (12215-foot (3723 m)) mountain located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Block Tower is on the west side of the Cirque of the Towers a popular climbing area and is just northwest of Watch Tower and immediately south of the peak known as Sharks Nose. Block Tower is situated on the Continental Divide.
 The Große Lößnitz is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Mount Bulyea is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1920 after Hon. George H.V. Bulyea a Canadian Pacific Railway employee and first Lieutenant General of Alberta.
 The Ciumița River is a tributary of the Lacuri River in Romania.
 The São Domingos River (Rio Grande do Sul) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Elidir Fawr is a mountain in Snowdonia north Wales the northernmost peak in the Glyderau. To the north of the summit is a small lake Marchlyn Mawr which is the upper reservoir for Dinorwig power station a pump-storage power station hidden inside the mountain. Water from this lake flows through huge tunnels into the lower reservoir Llyn Peris. From the north Elidir Fawr is very prominent and can appear to be higher than the higher mountains behind it.
 Col de Joux Plane (el. 1700 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in Haute-Savoie France linking Morzine with Samoëns. The climb has been featured several times in the Tour de France cycling race
 Officially Good Hope Mountain but commonly known as Mount Good Hope this is one of the principal summits of the Pacific Ranges of the southern Coast Mountains in British Columbia Canada. It stands immediately west of Chilko Lake with the highest peak on the massif rising between that lake's southern arms.
 Vahvajärvi is a lake in Hirvensalmi Finland. It is a medium-sized lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the region of Southern Savonia. The length of the lake is about ten kilometers.The lake gets its water through the Kissakoski canal from the lake Liekune which is a part of a larger lake complex Puula. When the canal was dug the water level in Vahvajärvi rose several feet.
 Skogshorn also written Skogshødn is a mountain in the municipality Hemsedal in the county Buskerud.Skogshorn is a part of Hemsedal Top 20.The summit of Skogshorn is a popular destination for day-trips both summer and winter. The east-side approach requires no climbing and is popular for families and other mountain tourists. The south-side of the mountain can be climbed.
 Acadia Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Eisbach locally known as die Eis is a 38 km long river and left or western tributary of the Rhine in the northeastern Palatinate and southeastern Rhenish Hesse in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.
 Aji Chay (Azerbaijani: آجی چای Persian: تلخه رود‎) or Talkheh-Rūd is a river in north-western Iran. Most of it is situated in the East Azerbaijan Province.Its water is alkali due to passing from the lands with high mineralization. It is the largest river that discharges into Lake Urmia. It arises above Sarab from the slopes of Mount Bozgush and Mount Sabalan.
 Südradde is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Balkan mountain range (Bulgarian and Serbian Cyrillic: Стара планина Latin Serbian Stara planina Old Mountain; Bulgarian pronunciation: [ˈstarɐ pɫɐniˈna]; Serbian pronunciation: [stâːraː planǐna]) is a mountain range in the eastern part of the Balkan Peninsula. The Balkan range runs 560 km from the Vrashka Chuka / Vrška Čuka Peak on the border between Bulgaria and eastern Serbia eastward through central Bulgaria to Cape Emine on the Black Sea.
 The Actopan River is a river of Mexico.
 Englebright Lake is a man-made reservoir formed along the Yuba River by Englebright Dam. It is located between Yuba and Nevada Counties in Northern California United States.
 The Jordan River a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment is located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Savage River Reservoir is a 360 acres (1.5 km2) storage reservoir in northwest Maryland. It was completed in 1952 by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers who also currently maintain it. The reservoir was formed by the Savage Dam which impounds the Savage River.
 Langalanga River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Finkenbach (Laxbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Negri River is a tributary of the Lozna River in Romania.
 Prim (Neckar) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Blackstone Edge is a gritstone escarpment at 1549 feet (472 m) above sea level in the Pennine hills surrounded by moorland on the boundary between Greater Manchester and West Yorkshire in England.It is frequented by walkers and amateur mountain and rock climbers and there are several bouldering routes. The crag was featured in the 1913 rock climbing guide to the Peak District 'Some Gritstone Climbs' by John Laycock.
 The Clit River is a tributary of the Solca River in Romania.
 The Roßhorn is a mountain of the Rieserferner group in Tyrol Austria.
 The Shuili River (Traditional Chinese:水里溪) is a river in Taiwan. It flows through Nantou County for 19km.
 The Valea Pârvului River is a tributary of the Dârjov River in Romania.
 The Piave (Latin: Plavis) is a river in northern Italy. It begins in the Alps and flows southeast for 220 km (137 mi) into the Adriatic Sea near the city of Venice. In 1809 it was the scene of a battle during the Napoleonic Wars in which Franco-Italian and Austrian forces clashed. In 1918 during World War I it was the scene of Battle of the Piave River the last major Austro-Hungarian attack on the Italian Front which failed after costing Austria-Hungary nearly 200000 casualties.
 Lago di Val di Noci is a lake in the Province of Genova Liguria Italy.
 The Mount of Olives or Mount Olivet (Hebrew: הַר הַזֵּיתִים Har HaZeitim; Arabic: جبل الزيتون الطور‎ Jabal az-Zaytūn Aț-Țūr) is a mountain ridge east of and adjacent to the Jerusalem's Old City. It is named for the olive groves that once covered its slopes. The southern part of the Mount was the necropolis of the ancient Judean kingdom.
 Gaula flows through the Gauldal valley in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is the biggest river in Central Norway. The river begins in Holtålen near the mountain Kjølifjellet. It then flows through the municipalities of Holtålen Midtre Gauldal and Melhus before emptying into the Trondheimsfjord near Leinstrand on the border between Trondheim and Melhus.The Gaula River is approximately 145 kilometres (90 mi) long and it drains a watershed of 3661 square kilometres (1414 sq mi).
 Rajrambha is the name of a Himalayan mountain peak situated in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state of India. It means 'celestial nymph' (Apsara) in Hindi. This peak is situated south of the Kalabaland Glacier in eastern Kumaun in the Ralam valley. The summit of the peak is 6537 m. The nearby peaks which form the north-south massif are Suitilla 6373 m Chaudhara 6510 m and Ngalaphu 6410 m. Rajrambha forms a wall between Lasser Yankti and Ralam Valley.
 The Buta Mică River is a tributary of the Buta River in Romania
 The Hotaru River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It joins the Olt River downstream of the village of Măieruş.This river should not be confused with the Hotaru River (flowing into the Olt River approximatively 17 miles upstream near the village of Colonia Reconstrucţia) nor with the Hotaru River (flowing into the Olt River approximately 10 miles upstream near the Vadu Roșu railway station) both having an identical name.
 Lake Kauru is a lake of Estonia.
 Lake Tauanui is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand. North of the lake is Tauanui volcanic scoria cone.
 Stob an Eas is a 2401 ft (732m) Graham in the Arrochar Alps Argyll and Bute Scotland.
 Kaulenberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Snow Mountain is a mountain in Northern California in the Snow Mountain Wilderness of Mendocino National Forest. The highest point on the mountain known as Snow Mountain East is the highest point in both Colusa and Lake counties.
 Dojangsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 828 metres.
 The Valea Vidrișca River is a tributary of the Valea Tâlharului River in Romania.
 The Coldwater River is a river in Simcoe County in Central Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and flows from the Oro moraine west of Lake Simcoe to Lake Huron. The river is believed to take its name from its Ojibwa name gisinaa nibiish which means cold pool of water.
 Rosenberger is an old lunar impact crater in the southeastern part of the Moon. Due to foreshortening this crater appears oval when viewed from the Earth. From orbit however the crater rim is nearly circular.This crater is located in a region rich with prominent craters. The slightly smaller Vlacq is nearly attached to the northwestern outer rim of Rosenberger. Other nearby craters of note include Biela to the east Hagecius to the south-southeast and Nearch to the south-southwest.
 The Sarno known as Sarnus to the Romans is a stream that passes through Pompeii to the south of the Italian city of Naples. It is considered the most polluted river in Europe. as the result of industrial waste. It flows about 24 km (38.6 miles) from the base of Mt. Sarno to the Bay of Naples collecting water from the Solofrana and Cavaiola tributaries during the course of its flow.It is still partially used for irrigation as well as the transportation of goods and fishing.
 The Titianul River is a headwater of the Sasul River in Romania.
 Leatherman Peak at 12228 feet (3727 m) above sea level is the second highest peak in Idaho and the Lost River Range. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest in Custer County. It is 4.5 mi (7.2 km) southeast of Borah Peak its line parent.
 Lake Tarpon is a freshwater lake located about 10 miles (16 km) west of Tampa in Palm Harbor and Tarpon Springs Florida. Lake Tarpon is the largest lake in Pinellas County with a surface area of 2500 acres (10 km2).Its watershed encompasses 52 square miles (130 km2) including the two largest tributaries South Creek and Brooker Creek.
 The Walpole River is a river in the Great Southern region of Western Australia. The river was discovered by Captain Thomas Bannister in 1831 and named by Governor James Stirling after Captain W Walpole.The catchment of the Walpole River also provides drinking water to the town of Walpole.The water quality of the river is considered to be fresh.
 The Kaniv Reservoir (Ukrainian: Канівське водосховище Kanivs'ke vodoskhovyshche) is a water reservoir located on the Dnieper River in Ukraine. Named after the city of Kaniv it covers a total area of 675 square kilometres within the Cherkasy and Kiev Oblasts. It was created in 1972 because of the dams of the Kaniv Hydroelectric Power Plant on the Dnieper River.The reservoir is 162 km long up to 5 km wide and has an average depth of 5.5 meters. The total water volume is 2.6 km³.
 Juriques is a stratovolcano on the border between Bolivia and Chile. It is located immediately southeast of Licancabur volcano. Its summit is at 5704 m (18714 ft) with a crater 1.5 km (0.93 mi) in its longest diameter. Laguna Verde lies at the foot of this volcano.
 Mudyl (Russian: Мудыль) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 33 km. It flows into the Kolva River at the point located 20 km from Kolva's mouth.
 Mount Tsurumi (鶴見岳 Tsurumidake) is a 1374.5 m (4510 ft) volcano in Beppu Ōita Japan.
 The Rapid River is a river in Sudbury District and Greater Sudbury in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It begins at an unnamed marsh at an elevation of 430 metres (1411 ft) and just upstream of Osbourne Lake in Unorganized Sudbury Sudbury District. It travels south to its mouth at the Vermillion River at an elevation of 282 metres (925 ft) near the community of Val Thérèse in Greater Sudbury.
 Col d'Ornon (1360 m (4462 ft)) is a mountain pass through the Dauphiné Alps in the department of Isère in France which connects the communities of Le Bourg-d'Oisans and La Mure. The climb is used occasionally in the Tour de France cycle race including on the Queen stage on 18 July 2013 which finishes with two ascents to Alpe d'Huez.
 The Coosawattee River is a 49.3-mile-long (79.3 km) river located in the northwest part of the U.S. state of Georgia.The river begins at the confluence of the Ellijay River and Cartecay River in the city of Ellijay in Gilmer County. The river flows west through the foothills of the north Georgia mountains.In Murray County the river is impounded by Carters Dam forming Carters Lake.
 The West Branch Sheepscot River is a 24.9-mile-long (40.1 km) river in Maine. The branch originates in the northwest corner of Palermo (44°27′27″N 69°25′20″W) and flows southwesterly through Branch Pond and the village of Weeks Mills in the town of China. The branch then flows southerly through the town of Windsor to a confluence with the Sheepscot River between Coopers Mills and North Whitefield.
 Murtenica (Serbian Cyrillic: Муртеница) is a mountain in western Serbia forming the southern part of Zlatibor highland. It lies near the towns of Čajetina and Nova Varoš. Its highest peak Brijač has an elevation of 1480 meters.
 Pozzillo Lake is a lake in the Province of Enna Sicily southern Italy. Located in the Erean Mountains chain it is the largest artificial basin in the island. The lake is located mostly in the comune of Regalbuto but also partially in Agira. The lake was formed when a dam was built in 1959 at the north eastern end of the lake.
 The Prabé (2042 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Savièse in the canton of Valais. It lies at the southern end of the ridge that descends from the Wildhorn and the Sex Noir. Although the Prabé has almost no topographic prominence it dominates the Rhone valley with a height of more than 1500 metres.A mountain hut is located near the summit at 1982 metres.
 Lime Creek is a 19.8-mile-long (31.9 km) tributary of the Winnebago River in Minnesota and Iowa. Via the Winnebago Shell Rock Cedar and Iowa rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 Sucker Brook is a tributary of Lawrence Brook in central New Jersey in the United States.
 The San Antonio River is a major waterway that originates in central Texas in a cluster of springs in Midtown San Antonio approximately four miles north of Downtown and follows a roughly southeastern path through the state. It eventually feeds into the Guadalupe River about ten miles from San Antonio Bay on the Gulf of Mexico. The river is 240 miles long and crosses five counties: Bexar Goliad Karnes Refugio and Wilson.
 The Dognecea River is a tributary of the Caraş River in Romania.
 The Liskeard and Looe Union Canal was a broad canal between Liskeard and Looe in Cornwall United Kingdom. It was almost 6 miles (10 km) long and had 24 locks and it opened progressively from 1827. The engineer was Robert Coad.Its primary purpose originally was the carriage of sea sand and lime to improve the acid soil of agricultural lands but when mineral deposits on Caradon Hill were exploited it benefited considerably carrying the mineral down to Looe Harbour.
 Lake Toplitz (German: Toplitzsee) is a lake situated in a dense mountain forest high up in the Austrian Alps 98 km (61 mi) from Salzburg in western Austria. It is surrounded by cliffs and forests in the Salzkammergut lake district within the Totes Gebirge (dead mountains). The Toplitzsee water contains no oxygen below a depth of 20m.
 The Pârâul Cloambelor is a tributary of the Păscoaia River in Romania.
 The Prundu River is a tributary of the Dălghiu River in Romania.
 Sidneys Knob is unique in that is an atypical mountain for Pennsylvania. Most of the mountains in the Commonwealth are long linear ridges or flatted topped plateau mountains. Sidneys Knob is conical in shape and besides Gillespie Point in the northern part of Pennsylvania the only one of its kind. This knob is the cultimation of Cove Mountain and Scrub Ridge.The mountain is seen on postcards mainly viewed from the Pennsylvania Turnpike as vehicles exit out of the Tuscarora Mountain Tunnel.
 The Valea Putredă River is a tributary of the Şcheiu River upstream of the city of Braşov Romania.
 Tobins River a perennial stream of the Hastings River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast districts of New South Wales Australia.
 Llyn Bodgynydd is a lake in the Gwydir Forest in North Wales. It covers an area of some 14 acres (57000 m2) and lies at a height of 822'.It is locally known as Llyn Bod or Bod Mawr (big) distinguishing it from a nearby but much smaller lake (Bod Bach or Cors Bodgynydd reservoir) to the north-east.
 Matusevich Glacier (69°20′S 157°27′E) is a broad glacier about 50 nautical miles (90 km) long with a well developed glacier tongue flowing to the coast of East Antarctica between the Lazarev Mountains and the northwestern extremity of the Wilson Hills.
 The Boga River is a tributary of the Bulz River in Romania.
 The Valea lui Petru River is a tributary of the Prislop River in Romania.
 Alkali Lake is a Geographic sink in Lake County Oregon United States. It is in the Alkali Subbasin of the Summer Lake Basin watershed in southeastern Oregon located 26 miles east of Christmas Valley Oregon northeast of Lake Abert to the immediate west of Abert Rim and Highway 395.Alkali Lake is thought to have reached a prehistoric maximum depth of 270.7 feet (82.5 meters) and covered about 1448.4 square miles (2331 square kilometers).
 The Kishon River (Hebrew: נחל הקישון)(Arabic: Nahr el-Mokkat - the river of slaughter) is a river in Israel that flows into the Mediterranean Sea at the city of Haifa.
 Partridge Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Hastings and Lennox and Addington Counties Ontario Canada.
 Muglbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Guaio River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Humaitã River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Pointe de Boveire is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located between Fionnay and Liddes in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Petit Combin in the Grand Combin massif.
 Snow Creek Glacier is in the Stuart Range U.S. state of Washington. Snow Creek Glacier is within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness of Wenatchee National Forest and the Enchantment Lakes region. Snow Creek Glacier consists of several small glacial remnants (glacieret) one of which terminates at Isolation Lake.
 Lachulung La (el. 5059 m or 16600 ft) or Lāchālūng La or Lungalacha La is a mountain pass along the Leh-Manali highway. It is located some 54 km (34 mi) from Sarchu and 24 km (15 mi) from Pang on the Leh-Manali highway.This is one of the easier 16000 ft (4880 m) passes and it can be traversed cross-country by moving along the nala[citation needed] on both sides.
 The Sârgani River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Pomagagnon is a mountain in the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2450 metres (8038 ft).
 Zenith Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is about 450 metres (1476 ft) long and 150 metres (492 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 397 metres (1302 ft). The primary inflow and outflow is the Whitesand River and the lake is immediately downstream of Cleaver Lake.
 Warmiqucha (Quechua warmi woman wife qucha lake woman lake hispanicized spelling Huarmicocha) is a large lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region Huancavelica Province Acobambilla District.
 The Călacea River is a headwater of the Gârbou River in Romania.
 Watson Glacier is in Snoqualmie National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington on the north slope of Mount Watson. Watson Glacier retreated 430 ft (130 m) between 1950 and 2007 and is now only 1150 ft (350 m) in length. Watson Glacier descends from 6000 to 5700 ft (1800 to 1700 m).
 The Friedrichsmoorer Karpfenteiche are ponds in the west of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 35.5–36.9 m its surface area is 3.3 km².
 Pfedelbach (Ohrn) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lovett Lake is a lake in the community of Beechville in the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. It is located west of the Halifax Peninsula and the crossing of highways 102 and 103 and directly north of St. Margaret's Bay Road. Now the Beechville Lakeville Timberlea (BLT) trail starts directly north-west of the Lake on the former main route of the historic Halifax and Southwestern Railway which was near the lake's north shore.
 The Guandu-Mirim River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Coyanosa Draw is a river in Texas.
 The Pârâul Mic River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
 The Șoala River is a tributary of the Vișa River in Romania.
 Štrbské pleso (Hungarian: Csorbató or Csorba-tó German: Tschirmer See Polish: Szczyrbskie jezioro) is a picturesque mountain lake of glacial origin and a top tourist destination in the High Tatras Slovakia. It is the second-largest glacial lake on the Slovak side of the High Tatras after Hincovo pleso. Maximum depth is 20 metres (66 ft).
 Okse Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in Norwegian Bay by southwestern Ellesmere Island east of Buckingham Island.
 Aurorae Sinus is a dark feature in the southern hemisphere of the planet Mars. Together with albedo features contributed by Aonius Sinus and Solis Lacus it is part of a feature known as the eye of Mars.
 The Aveiro lagoon (Ria de Aveiro) is a lagoon in Portugal. It is located on the Atlantic coast of Portugal south of the municipality of Espinho and north of Mira (to the north of the Cape Mondego). Its average area covers approximately 75 km². It is named after the city of Aveiro which is the chief urban centre located near to the lagoon. Other urban centres near the Ria de Aveiro are Ílhavo Gafanha da Nazaré Estarreja Ovar and Esmoriz.
 Gebel Tingar is a small mountain used as a granodiorite quarry in ancient times. The site is located on the west bank of the River Nile west of Elephantine near Aswan. It is thought to have been the source for the stone that was used to create the stele that the Rosetta Stone came from.The quarry was likely used from the time of the New Kingdom through the Roman period of rule in Egypt though the workings that remain visible were likely for the construction of the later monastery of St.
 The White River is a 16-mile (26 km) tributary of the Salt River in the U.S. state of Arizona. Formed by two forks that drain part of the White Mountains it begins in Navajo County and ends in Gila County where it meets the Black River to form the Salt River.The White River lies entirely within the Fort Apache Indian Reservation in the east-central part of the state.
 The Curmătura River is a tributary of the Costeşti River in Romania.
 The Sagua River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Napa River approximately 55 miles (89 km) long is a river in the U.S. state of California. It drains a famous wine-growing region called the Napa Valley in the mountains northeast of San Francisco. Milliken Creek and Mt. Veeder watersheds are a few of its many tributaries. The mouth is at Vallejo where the inter-tidal zone of fresh and salt waters flow into the Carquinez Straits on San Pablo Bay.
 The Căminul River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
 Martin Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Dirillo or Acate is a 54 kilometres (34 mi) river in Sicily which springs from the Hyblaean Mountains and flows through the areas of Vizzini Licodia Eubea Mazzarrone Chiaramonte Gulfi Acate Vittoria Gela. It enters the Strait of Sicily south-east of the town of Gela. As the largest river in the area it is sometimes known as the Fiume Grande.The river was known in antiquity as the Achates. Theophrastus in his treatise On Stones (ca.
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Săpânța River in Romania.
 Mount Nakayama (中山 Nakayama) is a mountain in Takarazuka Hyōgo Prefecture Japan.
 Ilpe is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Gautelisvatnet (Northern Sami: Guovdelisjávri) is a lake that is located on the border of Norway and Sweden. The Norwegian side lies in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county and the Swedish side lies in Gällivare Municipality in Norrbotten County. The 17.67-square-kilometre (6.82 sq mi) lake has a dam on the northern end and the water is used for hydropower. After the dam was built the lake grew and merged with the lake Vannaksvatnet to the south.
 The Carastelec River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 The Sicșa River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
 The Porcos River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Zavaritski Caldera (Russian: Вулкан Заварицкого Vulkan Zavaritskogo) is a caldera located in the central part of Simushir Island Kuril Islands Russia. Lake Biryuzovoe partially fills the youngest of three nested calderas on the volcano.The volcano is named after Alexander Nikolayevich Zavaritski scientist of the Academy of Sciences of the Soviet Union.
 The Yalmy River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Vorya River (Russian: Во́ря) is a river in Moscow Oblast Russia. It is a left tributary of the Klyazma River. It is 99 km in length with a drainage basin of 1160 km².Major tributaries: left — Pazha Torgosha and Pruzhonka Zhmuchka; right — Talica Lyuboseyevka and Lashutka.
 The Chilko River is a 75-kilometre (47 mi) long river in the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia Canada flowing northeast from Chilko Lake to the Chilcotin River. Its main tributary is the Taseko River.The Chilko is the Chilcotin River's main tributary. In fact at their confluence the Chilko River is quite a bit larger than the Chilcotin. It is also the main reason why the lower reaches of the Chilcotin are very silty.
 Pic de Noucreus is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2799 metres (9183 ft) above sea level.
 Eickumer Mühlenbach is a river in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bai River is a tributary of the Șuța River in Romania.
 Dixon Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Back River is a 1.7-mile-long (2.7 km) river in Friendship Maine which empties into the estuary of the Medomak River.
 Beinn a' Bhathaich Àrd is mountain on the northern side of Glen Strathfarrar in the Highlands of Scotland. It is situated at the eastern end of the glen 5 km north-west of the village of Struy and 16 km west of Beauly.
 The Sipsey Fork of the Black Warrior River is a 71-mile-long (114 km) river located in Alabama USA and is formed by the junction of Thompson and Hubbard creeks in the Sipsey Wilderness of Bankhead National Forest. The Sipsey Fork discharges into the Mulberry Fork. The Sipsey Fork below Smith Lake is one of the few places within the state to catch rainbow trout.
 The Badami cave temples are a complex of temples located at Badami a town in the Bagalkot District in the north part of Karnataka India. They are considered an example of Indian rock-cut architecture especially Badami Chalukya Architecture. Badami the capital of the Early Chalukyas who ruled much of Karnataka in the 6th to 8th centuries lies at the mouth of a ravine with rocky hills on either side and a town tank in which water from the ravine flows.
 The Aleșteu River is a tributary of the Gologan River in Romania.
 The Dalciu River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 Tenglong Cave (Chinese: 腾龙洞; literally soaring dragon cave) is a cave located 6.8 km (4.2 mi) from Lichuan City Hubei China. It is believed to be the longest monomer karst cave system in the world. The cave entrance is 74 m (243 ft) and 64 m (210 ft) wide leading to 59.8 km (37.2 mi) of passageways. An underground network of streams runs for 16.8 km (10.4 mi) whilst the cave is the source of the Qingjiang River.
 Huanglong Cave (simplified Chinese: 黄龙洞; traditional Chinese: 黃龍洞; pinyin: huánglóng dòng; literally yellow dragon cave) is a karst cave located near the Wulingyuan district of Zhangjiajie City Hunan People's Republic of China and a national 4A rated scenic area. As of 2010 the cave has over a million visitors per year. Since 1997 the Huanglong Cave scenic area has been managed by Beijing-based China Datong Co. Ltd.
 Parr Reservoir or Parr Shoals Reservoir is an impoundment of the Broad River in Peak South Carolina. It is the last dam on the Broad River before the river reaches Columbia South Carolina and the Columbia Canal. The lake is mainly used as a holding pond of sorts as the water is pulled in and out and used to cool the turbines of a nearby nuclear power plant.
 The Duckabush River is located in the Olympic Peninsula in Washington USA. It rises near Mount Duckabush in the Olympic Mountains within the Olympic National Park and drains to Hood Canal an arm of Puget Sound.The name Duckabush comes from the Indian word do-hi-a-boos meaning reddish face referring to the reddish bluffs in the area.
 The Fanambana River is located in northern Madagascar and crosses the Route Nationale 5a near Morafeno. Its sources are situated in the Marojejy Massif and flows into the Indian Ocean south of Vohemar.
 Osmankajärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Oulujoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Kainuu in Finland.
 Store Venjetinden (or sometimes Store Vengetinden) is a mountain in the municipality of Rauma in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) northeast of the mountain Romsdalshornet about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) east of the Rauma river and European Route E136 and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of the town of Åndalsnes.The first ascent was via the northeast ridge in 1881 by William Cecil Slingsby and Johannes Vigdal.
 The Thérain is a river in France tributary of the Oise River. It rises between Saint-Michel-d'Halescourt and Grumesnil in Seine-Maritime at 175 meters elevation. It flows generally southeast through Songeons Milly-sur-Thérain Beauvais Hermes and Mouy and joins the Oise at Creil.Its valley near the metropolitan area of Paris has been a highly industrialized and populated area and Beauvais lies at the foot of wooded hills on the left bank of the Thérain at its confluence with the Avelon.
 Not to be confused with the Grand Ballon in AlsaceBallon d'Alsace German: Elsässer Belchen (el. 1247 m.) is a mountain at the border of Alsace Lorraine and Franche-Comté. From its top views include the Vosges the Rhine valley and the Black Forest.A road leads over a pass near the peak at the Col du Ballon d'Alsace 1171 m (3842 ft).
 Lake Eildon is an impoundment created by the Eildon Weir on the Goulburn and Delatite Rivers in Victoria Australia. At 3334158 megalitres (117744.7×10^6 cu ft) when full it contains six times as much water as Sydney Harbour and is the second largest water storage in Victoria after Dartmouth Dam. It is located at the town of Eildon within Lake Eildon National Park.
 Aishihik Lake is a lake of Yukon Canada.
 The Nonette is a tributary to the river Oise in northern France.
 The Hănțești River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Leiblach is a 33 km long tributary of Lake Constance and the Rhine River. Its source is near the German municipality of Heimenkirch flowing to the southwest. Near the Austrian town of Hohenweiler the river joins a small tributary the Rickenbach. This tributary forms a part of the Austrian-German border and below the confluence the border continues to follow the Leiblach eventually emptying into Lake Constance between the German town of Lindau and the Austrian town of Lochau.
 Le Brévent is a mountain of Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Aiguilles Rouges range. It has an altitude of 2525 metres above sea level.
 The Dreischusterspitze (Italian: Punta dei Tre Scarperi) is a mountain in the Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Buciniș River is a tributary of the Şaru River in Romania.
 The Sand Hill River is a 101-mile-long (163 km) tributary of the Red River of the North in northwestern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Red River Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the watershed of Hudson Bay and drains an area of 475 square miles (1230 km2).
 The Tschingelspitz is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located south of Mürren in the Bernese Oberland. It lies east of the higher Gspaltenhorn.
 Djebel Ressas is a high and rugged outcropping of Jurassic limestone situated on the horizon southeast of Tunis Tunisia. Competing in the foreground the familiar profile of Djebel Boukornine may appear taller but at 795 metres Ressas is the dominant peak. Along the highway between Tunis and Hammamet there are excellent views of the mountain as one looks south from near the tollbooths just past the exit to Mornag.
 The Bogdana River is a tributary of the Simila River in Romania.
 Knapp Lake is a small natural lake located in western Noble County Indiana.Knapp Lake is directly attached to Little Bause Lake via a channel and Little Knapp Lake on the south and southwest and Moss Lake to the north. Little Bause has development around its shores while Little Knapp is undeveloped.
 McClellan Creek is a river in Texas.Named after George B. McClellan who with his father-in-law Randolph B. Marcy made a survey of the area in 1851–52 looking for a route for the Southern Pacific Railroad.
 The Pas de Lona (2787 m) is a high mountain pass across the Pennine Alps located in the canton of Valais. It connects Saint-Martin with Grimentz and is the lowest pass between the valleys of Herens and Anniviers. The pass is overlooked by the Becs de Bosson (north) and the Sasseneire (south).
 The Jenipapo River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 Bad Medicine Lake is a spring-fed lake located in Forest Township in Becker County Minnesota. It got its name from the fact that early Native Americans in the area thought that a lake with neither inlet nor outlet was a place of bad omen (bad medicine) and would not hunt or fish near the lake. The lake is approximately five miles long a half mile wide and reaches depths of up to 90 feet (27 m). It is known for its clear cold waters and rainbow trout fishing.
 The Stupca River is a tributary of the Șomuzul Mare River in Romania.
 Hösbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 This article is about the mountain range in the California Mojave Desert. For other uses see Clark Range (disambiguation)The Clark Mountain Range is located in southeastern California north of Interstate 15 and the community of Mountain Pass. The range stretches approximately 15 miles (24 km) in a southwest-northeasterly direction beginning in the Mojave National Preserve and ending near Stateline Pass about one mile (1.6 km) from the Nevada border.
 Dutasan is a mountain in the city of Donghae Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1352.7 m (4438 ft).
 The Valea Morii River or Cioclovina River is a headwater of the Luncani River in Romania.
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 Mount Piratokomi (ピラトコミ山 piratokomi-san) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. On the Geographical Survey Institute map the mountain is mislabeled Mount Piratomi (ピラトミ山 piratomi-san).
 Har HaMenuchot (Hebrew: הר המנוחות‎ Ashkenazi pronunciation Har HaMenuchos lit. Mount of Those who are Resting also known as Givat Shaul Cemetery) is the largest cemetery in Jerusalem Israel. The hilltop burial ground lies at the western edge of the city adjacent to the neighborhood of Givat Shaul with commanding views of Mevaseret Zion to the north Motza to the west and Har Nof to the south.
 Great Dodd is a fell in the English Lake District. It stands on the main spine of the Helvellyn range in the Eastern Fells between the Vale of St John and Dockray.
 The Pârâul Cald is a headwater of the Strei River in Romania.
 Byeolyusan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1046 metres.
 The Viroaga River is a tributary of the Coțatcu River in Romania. The Crângu Ursului Dam is located on this river.
 Mount Gilbert is a volcano which forms the northern part of Akun Island in the eastern Aleutian Islands USA. Active fumaroles were documented 1 mi (1.5 km) northeast of the summit in the early 1900s.
 Peters Glacier is a glacier in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier is on the west side of 9020-foot (2750 m) Mount Chamberlin the tallest mountain in the eastern end of the Brooks Range. The glacier was named in 1959 by the U.S. Air Force Cambridge Research Center for nearby Lake Peters.
 The Oldfield River is an ephemeral river in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia that rises 95 kilometres (59 mi) inland from the South Coast at the edge of the Yilgarn plateau.
 Saalbach (Gelpe) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Grace 1617 feet (493 m) is a prominent monadnock located in north central Massachusetts in the town of Warwick approximately two miles south of the New Hampshire border. The mountain is rugged and largely wooded but a firetower on the summit provides expansive views of the surrounding rural countryside. Little Mount Grace 1226 feet (374 m) is the southern summit of the mountain.
 Seongaksan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1141 metres.
 The Cheremosh River (Ukrainian: Черемош Romanian: Ceremuş Polish: Czeremosz) is a river in western Ukraine tributary of the Prut River. It flows along the borderline of the historic regions of Bukovina and Galicia. In the Middle Ages and the early modern era it was part of the borderline between the Principality of Moldavia and Kingdom of Poland.
 The Gállego is a river in Aragon Spain one of the main tributaries of the Ebro River. It has a watershed of over 4000 km² with a total length of 193.2 km.The river has its source at 2200 m in Col d'Aneu Pyrenees not far from the Col du Pourtalet. It then flows in the Tena Valley through the municipalities of Sallent de Gállego Panticosa and Biescas.
 The Prajele River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Lower Klamath Lake is a lake in Siskiyou County California that currently serves to hold overflow water for irrigation. At one time it was connected to Upper Klamath Lake.The lake is near California's border with Oregon and the Lower Klamath National Wildlife Refuge (established in 1908) which covers the northern part of the lake extends into Oregon as well.The area around the lake was the home of the Modoc people prior to European contact.
 The Obitsu River (小櫃川 Obitsu-gawa) is a river in Kimitsu Kisarazu and Sodegaura Chiba Prefecture Japan. The river is 88 kilometers (55 mi) in length and has a drainage area of 273.2 square kilometers (105.5 sq mi).
 Deoktaesan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1113 metres.
 The Albul River is a tributary of the Bătătura Cailor River in Romania.
 Big Sandy Creek is a tributary of the Milk River approximately 50 miles (80 kilometers) long in northwestern Montana in the United States.It rises in the southern Rocky Boys Indian Reservation in the Bears Paw Mountains and flows southwest then north past Box Elder then northeast joined by Sage Creek and joins the Milk approximately 10 mi (16 km) west of Havre.
 Thimble Peak is a well-known landmark in the Santa Catalina Mountains north of Tucson Arizona. Thimble Peak rises from the foothills on the south side of the range. On its east is Bear Canyon on its west Sabino Canyon.There are no trails to the peak itself. The final ascent of the cap requires technical climbing skills class 3 to 5.
 Slide Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Otatso Lake is situated north of Yellow Mountain along the Otatso Creek. The historic Slide Lake-Otatso Creek Patrol Cabin and Woodshed are 1.25 miles (2.01 km) to the east.
 The Northern Range is the range of tall hills across north Trinidad the major island in the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago. The hills range from the Chaguaramas peninsula on the west coast to Toco in the east.The hills rise abruptly from the lowlands of northern Trinidad (the so-called East-West Corridor) but only the two tallest peaks El Cerro del Aripo and El Tucuche top 900 m.
 Mount Cronin is a mountain in the Babine Range of the Skeena Mountains in northern British Columbia Canada located at the head of Cronin Creek in Babine Mountains Provincial Park just northeast of Smithers. It has a prominence of 1571 m (5154 ft) created by the Harold Price-Fulton Pass making it one of Canada's Ultra peaks.
 The Richardson Mountains are a mountain range located west of the mouth of the Mackenzie River in northern Yukon Canada. They parallel the northernmost part of the boundary of the Yukon and Northwest Territories.Although some sources consider the Richardson Mountains to be part of the Canadian Rockies the common northern limit of the Canadian Rockies is the Liard River which is a long way south. The Richardson Mountains are a sub-range of the Brooks Range which lies mostly in Alaska.
 Lonscale Fell is a hill in the English Lake District. Its pointed second top is instantly recognisable standing at the eastern end of the Skiddaw massif. The fell is easily climbed from Keswick or from Skiddaw House to the north. Although now primarily a sheep pasture it once saw considerable mining activity beneath the long eastern wall of crag.
 The Wind River is a stream in Yamhill County in the U.S. state of Oregon. The stream about 4 miles (6 km) long runs generally north–south through the Grand Ronde Community. Wind River enters Agency Creek a tributary of the South Yamhill River west of Spirit Mountain and north of Grand Ronde.
 Satus Pass (el. 3107 ft./947 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Cascades in the state of Washington. The pass connects Goldendale and the Klickitat Valley to the south with the Yakama Indian Reservation and Yakima Valley to the north. The Simcoe Mountains lie to the west of Satus Pass and Bickleton Ridge to the east.It is traversed by U.S. Highway 97.
 For Canjilon Hill see San Felipe volcanic field#Notable Vents.Canjilón Mountain is a 10922 feet (3329 m). mountain approximately six miles northeast of the village of Canjilón in the Carson National Forest.The word cajilon is the term for deer antler in Northern New Mexican Spanish. The mountain was so named because of its resemblance to an antler.
 Berlin Mountain 2818 feet (859 m) is a prominent peak in the Taconic Mountains of western New England and is located adjacent to Massachusetts's border with New York State. It is the highest point in Rensselaer County and the highest mountain in New York outside of the Adirondacks and Catskills.The summit and west side of the mountain are located in New York; the east side lies within Williamstown Massachusetts.
 The Pârâul cu Pești or Pârâul cu Pește is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 Four Peaks (Yavapai: Wi:khoba) is a prominent landmark on the eastern skyline of Phoenix. Part of the Mazatzal Mountains it is located in the Tonto National Forest 40 miles (64 km) east-northeast of Phoenix in the 61074-acre (247.16 km2) Four Peaks Wilderness. On rare occasions Four Peaks offers much of the Phoenix metro area a view of snow covered peaks and is the highest point in Maricopa County.
 The Obabika River is located in central Ontario Canada. It is south of Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater Provincial Park and west of Lake Temagami within Sudbury District. It flows from Obabika Lake in a south-westerly direction and drains into the Sturgeon River. The Obabika River is remote and surrounded by undeveloped wilderness.The river is characterized by long meandering sections through clay and sand valleys alternated by sections through eroded bedrock and marshes.
 Cerro Bonete is a mountain in the north of the province of La Rioja Argentina near the provincial border with Catamarca. Its summit is 6759 m above mean sea level making it the fourth highest separate mountain in the Americas (after Aconcagua Ojos del Salado and Monte Pissis). SRTM data disproves the frequently made claim that its summit is 6872 m asl.
 The River Earn (Scottish Gaelic: Uisge Èireann) in Scotland leaves Loch Earn at St Fillans and runs east through Strathearn then east and south joining the River Tay near Abernethy. The Earn is about 46 miles (74 km) long. It passes by Comrie Crieff and Bridge of Earn.The river is fast flowing with many shoals and is not navigable even by small vessels. The surrounding land is generally flat and is occasionally subject to flooding.
 Swift crater is a crater on Mars's moon Deimos. It is about 3 km (1.9 mi) in diameter. Swift crater is named after Jonathan Swift who predicted the existence of the moons of Mars. Swift crater is one of two named features on Deimos the other being Voltaire crater. On 10 July 2006 Mars Global Surveyor took an image of Deimos from 22985 km (14282 mi) away showing Swift crater.
 Monte Pora is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Shaver Lake is an artificial lake on Stevenson Creek in the Sierra National Forest of Fresno County California. At elevation 5500 ft (1700 m) several smaller streams also flow into the lake and receives water from the underground tunnels of Southern California Edison's Big Creek Hydroelectric Project. The town Shaver Lake is located on its south-west shore.The lake was formed with the construction of Shaver Lake Dam which was built by Southern California Edison and completed in 1927.
 Balagtas is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 98 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Balagtas is named for the Filipino writer Francisco Balagtas who lived from 1788 to 1862.
 Piz Varuna (3453 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies east of Piz Palü between the Val Poschiavo and the Val Malenco.
 The River Fowey (/ˈfɔɪ/ FOY; Cornish: Fowi) is a river in Cornwall England United Kingdom.It rises at Fowey Well (originally Cornish: Fenten Fowi meaning spring of the river Fowey) about 1-mile (1.6 km) north-west of Brown Willy on Bodmin Moor not far from one of its tributaries rising at Dozmary Pool and Colliford Lake passes Lanhydrock House Restormel Castle and Lostwithiel then broadens at Milltown before joining the English Channel at Fowey.
 Caris River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Munteanul River is a tributary of the Podobitu River in Romania.
 Pench river is flowing from the Pench National Park one of the tiger project of India.Pench River is starting in Chhindwara district Madhya Pradesh and create Pench Valley before entering in the national park.On Pench River two big dam has built which not only supply water to Nagpur city but also big termal power plant near Nagpur.
 The Jōganji River (常願寺川 Jōganji-gawa) is a river in Toyama Prefecture Japan that flows through the city of Toyama as well as the town of Tateyama. The river was previously referred to as the Nii River (新川 Nii-kawa).
 Tywa is a river in north-western Poland a tributary of the East Oder river with a length of 47.9 km and catchment area of 264.5 km². It flows from Lake Myślibórz the Plain Wełtyńską (at Coastland Szczecin) in Western Pomerania.The river flows from a small lake south of Trzcińsko-Zdrój flows through eight ribbon lakes (the largest of which is Lake Banská) and the Eastern Oder passes south of Gryfino to dump cooling water channel of power Dolna Odra .
 The Diamantina River is a river in Central West Queensland and the far north of South Australia. The river was named by William Landsborough in 1866 for Lady Diamantina Bowen (née Roma) wife of Sir George Ferguson Bowen the first Governor of Queensland. It has three major tributaries the Western River Mayne River and Farrars Creek.
 The Teleorman River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Ingulssjøhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Mount Ahoro (阿幌岳 Ahoro-dake) is a mountain in Tsubetsu Hokkaidō Japan. It is the source of the Abashiri River. The mountain is made up of non-alkaline mafic volcanic rock 7 million to 1.7 million years old.
 Vendelinus is an ancient lunar impact crater located on the eastern edge of Mare Fecunditatis. To the north of Vendelinus is the prominent crater Langrenus while to the southeast is Petavius forming a chain of prominent craters near the eastern rim. Due to its location the crater appears oblong due to foreshortening.The crater is heavily worn and overlapped by multiple craters making this feature more difficult to identify except at low sun angles.
 Dalsland Canal (Swedish: Dalslands kanal) is a Swedish canal which enables ships to sail between Lake Vänern and central parts of the Dalsland and southwestern Värmland lake districts. The canal runs across the well-known aqueduct at Håverud and is a much visited tourist attraction during the summer months drawing yachts motor boats as well as canoeists.
 The Río Tinto (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈri.o ˈtinto] red river) is a river in southwestern Spain that originates in the Sierra Morena mountains of Andalusia. It flows generally south-southwest reaching the Gulf of Cádiz at Huelva. Since ancient times a site along the river has been mined for copper silver gold and other minerals. In approximately 3000 BC Iberians and Tartessians began mining the site followed by the Phoenicians Greeks Romans Visigoths and Moors.
 The Doe River is a tributary of the Watauga River in northeast Tennessee in the United States. The river forms in Carter County near the North Carolina line just south of Roan Mountain State Park and flows to Elizabethton.
 Dömnitz is a river of Brandenburg Germany. Its a tributary of the Stepenitz.
 Kearney Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Braxon Peak at 10353 feet (3156 m) above sea level is a peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area on the border of Boise and Custer counties. The peak is located 1.36 mi (2.19 km) south of Mount Cramer its line parent. It is also about 1.2 mi (1.9 km) south-southwest of Mount Heyburn. Braxon Lake is just southwest of the peak.
 Misti also known as Putina or Wawa Putina (Guagua Putina)is a stratovolcano located in southern Peru near the city of Arequipa. With its seasonally snow-capped symmetrical cone Misti stands at 5822 metres (19101 ft) above sea level and lies between the mountain Chachani (6075 m or 19931 ft) and the volcano Pikchu Pikchu (5669 m or 18599 ft). Its last eruption was in 1985.
 Bukkehåmåren is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Dionysius is a lunar impact crater that lies on the western edge of the Mare Tranquillitatis. To the southeast is the crater pair of Ritter and Sabine. Just to the northwest is the system of rilles designated Rimae Ritter. These clefts follow a generally northwest direction.The rim of Dionysius is generally circular and shows little sign of wear. The crater possesses a small ray system with a radius of over 130 kilometers.
 The Arțar River is a tributary of the Râul Rotund in Romania.
 The Solitario is a large geologic formation in Big Bend Ranch State Park in West Texas. Viewed from above it suggests an impact crater though it is actually the eroded remains of a laccolith. The approximate center of the Solitario is located 56.8 km (35.3 mi) east southeast of Presidio Texas just west of the line dividing Brewster County Texas and Presidio County Texas. The formation covers a circular area of approximately 135 km2 (52 sq mi). The geology of the Solitario is complex.
 The Rappahannock River is a river in eastern Virginia in the United States approximately 195 miles (314 km) in length. It traverses the entire northern part of the state from the Blue Ridge Mountains in the west across the Piedmont to the Chesapeake Bay south of the Potomac River.An important river in American history the Rappahannock was the site of early settlements in the Virginia Colony and later was at the center of a major theatre of battle in the American Civil War.
 The Jărăștuia River is a tributary of the Varlaam River in Romania.
 The Nergana River is a headwater of the Nera River in Romania.
 Piz Murtaröl (also known as Cima la Casina) is a mountain of the Ortler Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. With a height of 3180 metres above sea level it is the highest mountain in Val Mora. On its southern side it overlooks Passo di Fraéle.
 The Gorner Glacier (German: Gornergletscher) is a valley glacier found on the west side of the Monte Rosa Massif close to Zermatt in the canton of Valais Switzerland. It is about 14 km (8.7 mi) long and 1 to 1.5 km (0.62 to 0.93 mi) wide. The entire glacial area of the glacier related to Gorner Glacier is 57 km2 (22 sq mi) (1999) which makes it the second largest glacial system in the Alps after the Aletsch Glacier system. Numerous smaller glaciers connect with the Gorner Glacier.
 The Branco River (Jamari River) is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Nadăș River (Hungarian: Nádas) is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
 The Deleni River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 Kalvemellen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Schlenze is a River in Germany and a left-bank tributary of the Saale. It starts at Polleben and mouths at Friedeburg (Saale) into the Saale.
 The Back River is a tributary of the Saint George River in Knox County Maine. From its source in Far Meadow (44°02′53″N 69°16′08″W) in Cushing the river runs 10.7 miles (17.2 km) north through South and North Ponds to its confluence with the Saint George in Warren.
 Parsons is an impact crater on the battered far side of the Moon. It is located to the west-northwest of the crater Krylov and to the east of Moore. Parsons is roughly circular in shape and the rim has undergone some erosion. There is a smaller cup-shaped crater laid across the southeastern rim and small craterlets along the northeastern and western rim edges.
 The Ribiș River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The East Branch Eastern River is a 6.5-mile-long (10.5 km) river in Maine. It is part of the Kennebec River watershed. It rises in the town of Whitefield and flows southwest to its confluence with the West Branch Eastern River at East Pittston to form the Eastern River.
 Purrmühlenbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Río Salado also Río Salado de los Nadadores or Salado River is a river in northern Mexico a tributary of the Rio Grande (Río Bravo). Its basin extends across the northern portion of Coahuila Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas states. It originates in the Sierra Madre Oriental in Coahuila and flows east-northeastward. It is joined by the Rio Sabinas in the reservoir created by the Venustiano Carranza Dam.
 Riley is a crater on Venus.The crater is 25 kilometres (16 mi) in diameter. The floor of the crater is 580 metres (1914 feet) below the plains surrounding the crater. The crater's rim rises 620 metres (2046 feet) above the plains and 1200 metres (3960 feet) above the crater floor. The crater's central peak is 536 metres (1769 feet) high. The crater's diameter is 40 times the depth resulting in a relatively shallow appearance.
 Darlington Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island south of Mount Grey.
 Y Gamallt is a mountain located in the Migneint in Snowdonia North Wales. It forms part of the Arenig mountain range being separated from the Moelwynion range at the head of Cwm Teigl. The mountain has cliffs on its entire western side Graig goch dropping down to the twin lakes of Llynnau Gamallt. These cliffs are home to several rock climbs albeit unpopular due to the quality of the rock.
 The Caistor Canal was a 4-mile (6.4 km) canal in Lincolnshire England constructed between 1793 and 1798. It fell into disuse sometime after 1850 and was legally abandoned in 1936. It ran from the River Ancholme near South Kelsey toward Caistor through six locks terminating at Moortown 3.5 miles (5.6 km) away from its intended terminus at Caistor. Parts of it were dredged in 2010 to aid flood defences in South Kelsey.
 The Browns Dan River is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 The Monkland Canal was a 12¼ mile (19.6 km) canal designed to bring coal from the mining areas of Monklands to Glasgow in Scotland. In the course of a long and difficult construction process it was opened progressively as short sections were completed from 1771.
 Lacs de Maclu (or Lacs de Maclus) are two lakes at Le Frasnois in the Jura department of France. The Grand Lac Maclu has a surface area of 21 ha and a length of 1.1 km with a maximum width of 300 m. Its maximum depth is 24 m. The lake is located in the municipalities of Le Frasnois and La Chaux-du-Dombief.Petit Lac Maclu is located northeast of the former and has a surface area of 5 ha with a length of 500 m and a maximum width of 120 m. Its maximum depth is 11 m.
 This page is about the mountain in the Boundary Country near Greenwood British Columbia. For the ghost town and former mine near Princeton see Copper Mountain British ColumbiaCopper Mountain is a mountain in British Columbia north of Greenwood and north-west of Grand Forks.
 Beaverdam Pond is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Thorington Tower is a mountain in Alberta Canada. It is located near the north branch of Lynx Creek in Jasper National Park.Mount Palmer lies 1½ km west of the tower. The mountain was named in 1967 after J. Monroe Thorington an American ophthalmologist who climbed extensively in the Selkirks and the Canadian Rockies during the 1920s and 1930s. First ascent was by Don Lashier and Charlie Raymond in September 1967.
 Hinterstockensee is a lake above Erlenbach im Simmental in the Canton of Berne Switzerland. The lake is located at an elevation of 1595 m below Stockhorn (2190 m) and near Oberstockensee (1665 m).In the lake is a 100 metre-long island.
 Hallerbach (Holtebach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lake Amtkeli or Amtkel (Abkhaz: Амтҟьал; Georgian: ამტყელის ტბა; Russian: Амткел) is a lake in the Gulripsh District of Abkhazia Georgia that was formed on 3 October 1891 when an earthquake caused a landslide on the south-western slope of Mt. little Shkhapach into the valley of the Amtkeli River.
 San Mateo Creek is a stream in Southern California in the United States whose watershed mostly straddles the border of Orange and San Diego Counties. It is about 22 miles (35 km) long flowing in a generally southwesterly direction.
 Vaskivesi – Visuvesi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is situated in the municipality of Virrat in the Pirkanmaa region in western Finland. The lake is part of the Kokemäenjoki basin. The lake drains into the lake Tarjanne in the south.
 The Karamea River is a river of New Zealand. It is located in the Tasman and West Coast Regions of the South Island. The river rises within Kahurangi National Park in the Matiri Range of the Southern Alps. The river rises to the east of Mount Allen meandering west briefly before turning north. After some 25 kilometres it again turns west to enter a series of small lakes where its waters are joined by those of the Roaring Lion River.
 The Lackawaxen River is a 31.3-mile-long (50.4 km) tributary of the Delaware River in northeastern Pennsylvania in the United States. The river flows through a largely rural area in the northern Pocono Mountains draining an area of approximately 598 square miles (1550 km2).Its source is in the borough of Prompton in western Wayne County at the confluence of the West Branch and Van Auken Creek. It flows past Honesdale and Hawley where it is joined from the southwest by Wallenpaupack Creek.
 The Cross River is a 20.4-mile-long (32.8 km) river in northern Minnesota the United States. It is a direct tributary of Lake Superior.
 Foel Meirch is a top of Carnedd Dafydd in the Carneddau range in Snowdonia North Wales. It offers commanding views of Carnedd Llewelyn and Yr Elen and the Ysgolion Duon Cliffs.
 Jakupica (Macedonian: About this sound Јакупица ) or Mokra is a mountain range in the central part of the Republic of Macedonia. Its highest peak is Solunska Glava 2540 m (8333 ft). Other significant peaks are: Karadzica (2473 m) Popovo Brdo (2380 m) Ostar Breg (2365 m) Ubava (2353 m) Ostar Vrv (2275 m) and Dautica (2178 m). The relief is criss-crossed by numerous clear and fast mountain rivers. Large areas are covered with beech oak and conifer forests.
 The Chip Chap River (meaning: quiet river) flows from southern Xinjiang region of China to Jammu and Kashmir of India. It discharges into the Shyok River and is one of the upstream tributaries of the Indus River. Its basin area is around 4410 square km.The western portion of the river is a popular part of trekking trails in India.The upper portion of the river and its valley is in the disputed Aksai Chin region claimed by India.
 Bymok (Russian: Бымок) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Bym River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 20 km.
 The Râul Poienii is a tributary of the Alun River in Romania.
 The Murphy Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges located on the westernmost side of Princess Royal Island British Columbia Canada.
 Great Hill is a hill in Lancashire on Anglezarke Moor between the towns of Chorley and Darwen. It is part of the West Pennine Moors and lies approximately 3 miles north of Winter Hill which is the highest point in the area at 456 m (1498 ft).The summit at 381 m (1252 ft) is only slightly higher than the surrounding moorland but provides excellent views in all directions particularly to the north and west.
 Karakul or Qarokul (Tajik: Қарoкул Black Lake) is a 25 km (16 mi) diameter lake in the Pamir Mountains in Tajikistan. It lies within the Tajik National Park. It was known as Lake Victoria in the 19th and early 20th centuries: It was named after Queen Victoria of Britain who was the grand mother to the last Czar of Russia as well.
 Mu River (鵡川 Mu-kawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Păuleasa River is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
 The Río Pantaleón is a river in the south of Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range on the western slopes of the Volcán de Fuego in the departments of Chimaltenango and Escuintla. The river flows in a south-westerly direction through the coastal lowlands of Escuintla where it joins the San Crostobal River a tributary of the Coyolate River.The Pantaleón river's proximity to the active Fuego volcano increases the risks of inundations and mudflows.
 The Izvorul Negru River or Pârâul Negru is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania. The confluence with the Izvorul Negru River defines the upper limit of the reach on which fishing is permitted on the Asău River.
 The Paps of Anu (Irish: Dá Chích Anann the breasts of Anu) or Paps of Danu (Dá Chích Danann) are a pair of breast shaped hills near Killarney in County Kerry Ireland. The eastern hill is 694 metres (2277 ft) high and the western hill is 690 metres (2260 ft) high.The hills are named after Anu or Danu; believed to have been an ancient mother goddess. Cormac's Glossary describes Anu or Danu as the mother of the gods of Ireland.
 Lake Orta (Italian: Lago d’Orta) is a lake in northern Italy west of Lake Maggiore.It has been so named since the 16th century but was previously called the Lago di San Giulio after Saint Julius (4th century) the patron saint of the region; Cusio is a merely poetical name.
 The Seerhein (Lake Rhine) is a river about four kilometres long in the basin of Lake Constance. It is the outflow of the Upper Lake Constance and the main tributary of the Lower Lake Constance. The water level of the lower lake is about 30 cm below the level of the Upper Lake. It is considered part of the Rhine which flows into Lake Constance as the Alpine Rhine and flows out of the Lake as the High Rhine. The Seerhein arose after the last Ice Age (the Würm glaciation about 9650 BCE).
 Hatchet Lake is a remote lake in north-eastern Saskatchewan Canada. In 1963 the Hatchet Lake Lodge was constructed on Sandy Island one of the Island on Hatchet Lake. Hatchet Lake Lodge is a fly-in fishing lodge.The lake is served by the Hatchet Lake Airport and Hatchet Lake Water Aerodrome both operated by the Hatchet Lake Lodge.
 The Pointe aux Chenes River is a 6.2-mile-long (10.0 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It begins at the outlet of Round Lake and flows south in a winding course through the extensive Pointe aux Chenes Marshes to Lake Michigan.
 The Juquiá River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Veslsvulten is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Kitzsteinhorn is a mountain in the main chain of the Alps in the district of Kaprun Salzburg Austria. The Kitzsteinhorn is part of the Hohe Tauern range in the eastern Alps and reaches a height of 3203 m (10509 ft) above sea level. It was first climbed in 1828 by Johann Entacher.The summit can be reached using the Kaprun Gletscherbahnen (Glacier Railways) from the valley station at 911 m (2989 ft).
 Mount Anderson is a 7330-foot (2234 m) high peak in the Olympic Mountains of Washington state. Rising in the center of Olympic National Park it the second highest peak on the Anderson Massif. Anderson Glacier is located in a cirque on the mountain's southern flank while Eel Glacier is in another cirque northwest of the summit. Hanging Glacier is on the east side of a ridge which extends north from the peak.Anderson is at the center of three major watersheds in the Olympic Range.
 Burntside Lake is a 7139-acre (28.89 km2) lake located 3 miles (4.8 km) northwest of Ely Minnesota in Saint Louis County Minnesota. Its western boundary adjoins the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness on Tamarack Creek.
 Cascade Creek is a stream located entirely within Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The stream flows from Lake Solitude to Jenny Lake a distance of approximately 8 miles (13 km). A few miles from its source Cascade Creek receives water from the South Fork Cascade Creek doubling its flow. From there Cascade Creek flows the length of Cascade Canyon and shortly before discharging into Jenny Lake drops 100 feet (30 m) over Hidden Falls.
 Foel Hafod-fynydd is a subsidiary summit of Aran Fawddwy in southern Snowdonia North Wales Wales United Kingdom. It tops the east ridge of Erw y Ddafad-ddu. Creiglyn Dyfi nestles in the bowl between Foel Hafod-fynydd and Aran Fawddwy.The summit is grassy marked by a few stones. Esgeiriau Gwynion lies to the north Llechwedd Du to the east and Gwaun Lydan to the south.
 The Schwarzhorn is a mountain in South Tyrol Italy.
 Beinn Fhada (Scottish Gaelic: long mountain) or Ben Attow is a mountain in the Scottish Highlands.The finest route up Beinn Fhada is from Morvich to the north-west. There is a direct line up a grassy and rather boggy slope from the east side of the River Croe. This leads eventually to a craggy and undulating ridge which begins in a southerly direction over Sgurr a' Choire Ghairbh and then turns east across the wider expanse of the Plaide Mhòr to the summit.
 Otjikoto Lake is the smaller of only two permanent natural lakes in Namibia. It is a sinkhole lake that was created by a collapsing karst cave. It is located 20 kilometres (12 mi) from Tsumeb and only a few meters from the main road B1. The diameter of the lake is 102 metres (335 ft); its depth is undetermined.
 Bickenalb is a river of Saarland Germany.
 McDowell Run is a tributary of Bull Creek in Allegheny and Butler counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 Żurawianka is a river of Poland a tributary of the San.
 Mount Saint John height 11430 feet (3480 m) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming northwest of Jenny Lake. The mountain towers above the northwest shore of Jenny Lake and along with Symmetry Spire and Rockchuck Peak form a massif which looms to the north above Cascade Canyon. The scenic Lake of the Crags a cirque lake or tarn is located immediately south of the summit and is accessed by way of Hanging Canyon.
 The Warunta River is a river in the Gracias a Dios Department of Honduras that flows into the Warunta Lagoon adjoining the larger Caratasca Lagoon.
 Mill Creek (Brazos River) is a river in Texas.
 The Tummil River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest from rough hill country north of Mount Horrible to reach the Avon River southwest of Blenheim.
 Millers Creek (Brazos River) is a river in Texas.
 The Chli Aubrig (1642 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located between Euthal and Vorderthal in the canton of Schwyz. It lies west of the higher Gross Aubrig.
 Blankenwaters Wiesengraben is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Donaldson Peak at 12023 feet (3665 m) above sea level is the eighth highest peak in Idaho and the seventh highest in the Lost River Range. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest in Custer County. It is 0.65 mi (1.05 km) east of Mount Church its line parent and 1.4 mi (2.3 km) west of Mount Breitenbach.
 The Udești River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 Bargo River a watercourse of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Southern Highlands and Macarthur districts of New South Wales Australia.
 The Valea Cișmelei River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
 The Hăuzești River or Hăugeasca River is a tributary of the Gladna River in Romania.
 The Vetijgat River or Vezendiu River is a tributary of the Sânmiclăuș River in Romania.
 Urajärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the Kymenlaakso region Finland.
 The Valea Lazului River is a tributary of the Crișul Pietros River in Romania.
 Sunshine Peak is a fourteen thousand foot mountain peak in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the San Juan Mountains in Hinsdale County approximately 9 miles (14 km) south west of Lake City and about 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Redcloud Peak. It rises on the north side of the Lake Fork of the Gunnison River.Sunshine Peak has the dubious distinction of being the lowest of Colorado's 54 official fourteeners.
 Butte Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Oregon a tributary of the Pudding River. It is approximately 33 miles (53 km) long and for all of its course defines part of the northeastern boundary of Marion County and the southern boundary of Clackamas County.
 Piz Jenatsch is a mountain of the Albula Alps located in the canton of Graubünden. It has an elevation of 3251 metres above sea level and it is located east of Piz d'Err and Piz Calderas between the valleys of Val d'Err and Val Bever. The closest locality is Tinizong on the west side.
 Sagwasser is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Turon River a perennial stream that is part of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the central western district of New South Wales Australia.The Turon River rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range in the Capertee Valley west of Ben Bullen and flows generally to the north west and then west joined by the Crudine River and then forms its confluence with the Macquarie River south west of Hill End; dropping 372 metres (1220 ft) over the course of its 117 kilometres (73 mi) length.The Turon River is well renowned because it was the site of one of Australia's first alluvial gold rushes. 
 Lake Oscawana is a lake at the heart of Putnam Valley New York State United States. The 386-acre (1.6 km2) lake has a depth that ranges from 25 feet (7.6 m) to 30 feet (9.1 m). The lake is fed by a stream from its north end and it drains through a stream at the middle of its eastern shore. It is nestled in between two hill ranges which provide spectacular views if you climb one.
 The River Dove is a river that extends through the Low Valley in Barnsley England. The river contains shallow water levels.
 The Liffey River is a river in Northern Tasmania Australia that flows from the Great Western Tiers to the Meander River near Carrick and is one of its main tributaries. The Liffey has a modern catchment area of 224 square kilometres (86 sq mi) which has been modified by human activity specifically diversion for irrigation. Flow is highly seasonal with the largest average monthly flows from July to September.The flow and effective catchment area are affected by irrigation diversion.
 The Baldwin Hills are a low mountain range surrounded by and rising above the Los Angeles Basin plain in central Los Angeles County California. The Pacific Ocean is to the west the Santa Monica Mountains to the north Downtown Los Angeles to the northeast and the Palos Verdes Hills to the south - with all easily viewed from the Baldwin Hills.
 The Maukspitze is a 2231 m AA high peak in the Kaisergebirge in the Northern Limestone Alps.
 The Corno di Dosdè (3232 m) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located south-west of Valdidentro in the Italian region of Lombardy. On its east side the mountain overlooks the Swiss valley of Poschiavo the international border running on a secondary summit (3162 m) west of the main summit.
 Momotombo is a stratovolcano in Nicaragua not far from the city of León. It stands on the shores of Lago de Managua. An eruption of the volcano in 1610 forced inhabitants of the Spanish city of León to relocate about 30 miles west. The ruins of this city are preserved at León Viejo (Old León).The mountain is very symmetrical and its form is a symbol of Nicaragua cropping up in locations from matchboxes to revolutionary murals. This volcano was also very popular before World War I began.
 The Rimo Muztagh is one of the most remote subranges of the Karakoram range. The southern part of Rimo Muztagh is in the Kashmir portion of far northwestern India also claimed by Pakistan. The northern half including the Rimo massif is in the Siachen area (territory controlled by India). It is far from major towns and close to the militarily sensitive Siachen Glacier so it has seen little exploration or climbing activity compared to for example the nearby Baltoro Muztagh.
 The Poguba River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Băești River is a tributary of the Drăghici River in Romania.
 Hansteen is a lunar crater that lies near the southwest edge of the Oceanus Procellarum. To the southeast is the flooded crater Billy. The rim of Hansteen is somewhat polygonal in form especially along the eastern side. There are a few terraces along the northwestern inner wall. The inner floor contains several ridges hills and some grooves many of which parallel the outer rim.
 Neris (About this sound pronunciation  Belarusian: Ві́лія Viliya Polish: Wilia) is a river rising in Belarus. It flows through Vilnius (Lithuania) and becomes a tributary of the Neman River (Nemunas) at Kaunas (Lithuania). Its length is 510 km (320 mi).For 276 km (171 mi) the river runs through Belarus where it is called Viliya and 235 km (146 mi) runs through Lithuania where it is called Neris.The Neris connects two old Lithuanian capitals - Kernavė and Vilnius.
 Uchhali is a saltwater lake in Soan Sakaser Valley in the southern Salt Range area in Pakistan. This lake is formed due to the absence of drainage in the range.Sakaser the highest mountain in the Salt Range at 1522 metres (4993 ft) looms over the lake. Due to its saline water the lake is lifeless but offers picturesque scenery. Boats are also available for boating.
 Chenega Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in Prince William Sound and on the Kenai Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska.Chenega Glacier was named in 1905 for Chenega Island and the nearby community of Chenega Bay. The glacier is a tourist attraction drawing many kayakers and small cruise lines to Nassau Fjord where the glacier meets the ocean. Most individual expeditions to the glacier originate in the Prince William Sound community of Whittier.
 The Tsubo River (津保川 Tsubo-gawa) has its source in the northeastern portion of the city of Seki Gifu Prefecture Japan. From there it flows through Gifu and into the Nagara River. It is part of the Kiso River system.
 Leubnitzbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Big Lava Bed located in the Gifford Pinchot National Forest in the southwestern area of the State of Washington originated from a 500-foot-deep crater in the northern center of the bed. The Big Lava Bed is the youngest feature of the Indian Heaven volcanic field. The 0.9-cubic kilometer lava flow erupted from the cinder cone about 8200 years ago. The lava flow traveled 13 km from the source crater.
 Powells Creek a southern tributary of the Parramatta River is an urban stream west of Sydney Harbour located in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It flows through Sydney Olympic Park and joins Parramatta River at Homebush Bay.
 Ringgenbach (Ablach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Makmal (Kyrgyz: Макмал) is a river in Ak-Talaa District of Naryn Province and Toguz-Toro District of Jalal-Abad Province of Kyrgyzstan. It is a left tributary of Alabuga River. The length of the river is 41 km (25 mi) basin area - 441 square kilometers and average annual discharge - 1.8 - 2.5 cubic meters per second.
 The Kowai River is a river in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. It rises on the southern flanks of the Torlesse Range and travels south emerging from the foothills of the Southern Alps near Springfield. The river turns east across the upper Canterbury Plains before joining the Waimakariri River.State Highway 73 follows the river as it climbs towards Porters Pass.
 Galdeberget is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Pascal is a lunar crater that lies near the northern limb of the Moon on the western side of the pole. It is located to the north of the eroded crater Desargues and just east of Brianchon. Pascal can be located by finding the crater Carpenter and then following the surface to the northwest towards the limb. However the visibility of this formation can be affected by libration.This crater has undergone a degree of impact erosion that has left its features softened and rounded.
 Muryongsan is a mountain located in Buk District and Dong District Ulsan South Korea. It has an elevation of 452 m (1483 ft).
 Wenkchemna Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1894 by Samuel E.S. Allen.Wenkchemna is the 10th peak in The Valley of the Ten Peaks as they are normally numbered (left to right as seen from Moraine Lake). It is an extension into the valley of the ridge formed by Mount Hungabee and Ringrose Peaks.
 The Gitschberg is a mountain of the Zillertal Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Reprua is a river in the Gagra District of Abkhazia Georgia. Only 18 m (59 ft) long it is possibly the shortest named river in the world.Sources of the river are the springs in karst Krubera Cave. The Reprua flows into the Black Sea.
 The Im Hinteren Eis is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Laghetto delle Conche is a lake on the island of Elba Italy. The island is part of the Province of Livorno Tuscany.
 Hochberg (Niederbayern) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Bonneville is a reservoir on the Columbia River in the U.S. states of Oregon and Washington. It was created in 1937 with the construction of Bonneville Dam. The reservoir stretches between it and The Dalles Dam upstream. It lies in parts of three counties in Oregon (Multnomah Hood River Wasco) and two in Washington (Skamania Klickitat).
 The Skeet River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northeast from the Arthur Range reaching the Baton River 15 kilometres northwest of Tapawera.
 The Cund River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Kings Peak is the highest peak in the U.S. state of Utahwith an elevation of 13528 feet (4123 m). It lies just south of the spine of the central Uinta Mountains in the Ashley National Forest in northeastern Utah in north-central Duchesne County. It lies within the bounds of the High Uintas Wilderness.
 The Costești River or Valea Pietrenilor River is a tributary of the Bistriţa in Romania.
 The Quininde River is a river of Ecuador.
 Brewster is a small lunar impact crater in the northern fringes of Sinus Amoris. It lies to the southwest of the larger crater Römer. To the southeast of Brewster is the similar-sized Franck. This crater is cup-shaped and symmetrical with no overlapping craters of note. A low ridge is attached to the northern rim. The crater interior has a relatively high interior albedo compared to the surrounding terrain.
 Sheep Mesa (11590 ft (3530 m)) is located in the Absaroka Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Sheep Mesa is at the south end of Blackwater Canyon and is at the head of the drainage for Blackwater Creek. Fortress Mountain is 1 mi (1.6 km) south of Sheep Mesa.
 The Gillis Range is a mountain range in Mineral County Nevada.
 The Ugly River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south to reach the Karamea River 17 kilometres northeast of Karamea. The river's entire length is within Kahurangi National Park
 The Vacaria River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Tayabas Bay is a large bay in the southern part of Luzon island which is the biggest island in the Philippines. Several islands are located in the bay largest of which is Marinduque. The bay is bordered on the north and east side by Quezon Province (formerly known as Tayabas Province). Lucena the capital city of Quezon Province is located along Tayabas Bay where several boat and ferry lines serve the sea lanes between Lucena and the different points in the region.
 The Mureș (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈmureʃ]; Hungarian: Maros Hungarian pronunciation: [’mɒroʃ]; Latin: Marisus Serbian: Moriš Serbian Cyrillic: Мориш German: Mieresch Marosch or Muresch) is an approximately 761 km (473 mi) long river in Eastern Europe.
 Kabalebo River is a river in Suriname. It joins with the Courantyne River near Apoera. A plan for a dam in the river serving a hydroelectric power plant is part of the West Suriname Plan.
 Helgafell is an inactive 227-metre-high volcanic cone located on the island of Heimaey in the Vestmannaeyjar archipelago in Iceland. The Stórhöfði peninsula immediately to the south of Helgafell in what is now southern Heimaey formed about 6000 years ago with Helgafell forming from a secondary eruption a thousand years later. Immediately north of Helgafell is the active volcano Eldfell which last erupted January 23 1973.Helgafell is a dormant cone volcano.
 Lac du Barbat is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France.
 Timaeus is a lunar crater in the northern part of the Moon on the north edge of Mare Frigoris. It forms part of the southwestern wall of the large and irregular walled plain W. Bond. The rim of Timaeus is somewhat pentagonal in shape with rounded corners. There is a central rise in the midpoint of the crater floor.The irregular terrain to the west of Timaeus displays a degree of streaky parallelism as was noted by the Rev. T. W. Webb. These follow a path slightly to the east of north.
 The Thouaret is a 52 km long river in France right tributary of the Thouet. Its source is in the commune Chanteloup. Its course crosses the department of Deux-Sèvres. It flows northeast through the towns of La Chapelle-Saint-Laurent Chiché and Saint-Varent finally flowing into the Thouet near Thouars.
 Blagg is a tiny lunar impact crater located on the Sinus Medii. It is a circular breast-shaped crater with no appreciable erosion. To the east-southeast is the irregular crater Rhaeticus and to the northeast lies Triesnecker.
 For the United States Navy escort carrier see USS Savo Island (CVE-78). For the Battle of Savo Island see Battle of Savo Island.Savo Island is a volcanic island in the Solomon Islands group in the South Pacific ocean. It is located to the northeast of the northern tip of Guadalcanal Island at 9°8′0″S 159°49′0″E. Politically Savo Island is a part of the Solomons' Central Province.
 Holyhead Mountain (Mynydd Twr in Welsh: from (pen)twr meaning stack) is the highest hill on Holy Island Anglesey and the highest in the county of Anglesey north Wales. It lies about two miles west of the town of Holyhead and slopes steeply down to the Irish Sea on two sides. There is a late Roman watchtower called Caer y Tŵr (Tower Fortress) on the east side of the hill.
 The Trojanka [trɔˈjaŋka] also called Goślinka [ɡɔɕˈliŋka] is a stream a right tributary of the Warta river lying within the district of Gmina Murowana Goślina in Greater Poland Voivodeship western Poland. It has a total length of approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi).
 The Antoine River is a 50.4-mile-long (81.1 km) tributary of the Little Missouri River in southwestern Arkansas in the United States. Via the Little Missouri Ouachita and Red rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. According to the GNIS it has also been known as Antoine Creek. A short headwater tributary of the river is known as the Little Antoine River.
 Gajansar River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near vigodi village . Its basin has a maximum length of 37 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 159 km2.
 The Valea Chichizii River is a tributary of the Feredeu River in Romania.
 The Căiuți River or Căiuțul Mare River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Ill Bell is a fell in the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria standing on the narrow ridge between the valleys of Kentmere and Troutbeck.
 Gordon Inlet is an estuarine inlet located in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. The inlet is at the south west corner of the Fitzgerald River National Park and approximately 15 kilometres (9 mi) north west of the town of Bremer Bay.The estuary is transient and is quite shallow with a high rate of evaporation so that the estuary often dries out almost completely.
 Slieve-na-Aura also known as Slieveanorra is a 1676 feet (511 m) high mountain in County Antrim Northern Ireland.
 Mehde-Aue is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Jelnița River is a tributary of the Gârlişte River in Romania.
 Weald Brook is a water feature in the Parliament constituency of Hornchurch and Upminster. Weald Brook flows into River Ingrebourne.Weald brook is the boundary between Romford and South Weald to the east flows south into Hornchurch continuing as the river Ingrebourne to the Thames.
 The Sărata River or Săruri River is a river in Romania tributary of the Black Sea Lake Sinoe.
 The Bowron River also formerly named the Bear River and Reid Creek is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It originates in Bowron Lake Provincial Park of east central British Columbia and flows northwest from the outlet of the Bowron Lakes then northeast to join the Fraser River. The river was named after John Bowron the Gold Commissioner in Barkerville.
 Nggaraninggio River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Avonbeg River (Irish: Abhainn Beag meaning small river) rises on the northern flank of Camenabologue in the Wicklow Mountains and flows southeast into the valley of Glenmalure. It continues southeast through the villages of Greenan and Ballinaclash before joining the Avonmore at the Meeting of the Waters (Cumar an dá Uisce) to form the River Avoca which in turn discharges into the Irish Sea at Arklow. From source to sea the river remains in East Wicklow.
 The Hodzana River is a 125-mile (201 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. The Yukon Flats National Wildlife Refuge covers a large part of the river basin.Beginning west of Dall Mountain just south of the Arctic Circle the river flows northeast into the wildlife refuge then southeast to Hodzana Slough an arm of the Yukon. The river mouth is 12 miles (19 km) southwest of Beaver a village further up the Yukon.
 La Sila also spelled Sila is the name of the mountainous plateau and historic region located in Calabria southern Italy.
 Vilva River (Russian: Вильва) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of Usva River. It starts on west foothills of Ural near the border with Sverdlovsk Oblast. Flows to west and southwest. Flows into Usva in 4 km of its mouth on area of town Chusovoy. The length of the river is 170 km. The area of its drainage basin is 3020 km².
 Lac Deschênes is a 27-mile long lake on the Ottawa River that runs from the Chats Falls hydro dam near Fitzroy Harbour in the west to the Deschênes Rapids in the east. It is a little over two miles wide at its widest point and little more than a few hundred yards at its narrowest. The provincial border between Ontario and Quebec runs through the length of the lake with the City of Ottawa on its southern shore and the city of Gatineau on much of its northern shore.
 The Porcu River is a tributary of the Bâsculița River in Romania.
 The Guardhouse (9336 feet (2846 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The Guardhouse is situated on the Continental Divide.
 Kazhuveli is the second largest brackish water lake in South India located in Tindivanam taluk of Villupuram district of the state of Tamil Nadu. It is about 18 km north of Pondicherry. The tank lies adjacent to the Bay of Bengal along the East Coast Road and encompasses about 15 villages with a catchment area of 4722 ha. Kazhuveli is an old mangrove forest which has been degraded over period of time.
 The Feechopf is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located near Saas Fee in the canton of Valais. It lies between the Alphubel and the Allalinhorn.
 Nunn is a lunar impact crater that is located just beyond the eastern limb of the Moon along the northern edge of Mare Smythii. To the east of this crater is the much larger Babcock and to the northwest is Jansky.This is a circular bowl-shaped crater with some impact wear along the northwestern rim and to a lesser degree along the southeastern edge. The remainder of the crater perimeter is relatively free of erosion and the edge is well-defined.
 La Para (also named La Pare or La Tornette) is a mountain of the western Bernese Alps overlooking Les Diablerets in the canton of Vaud.
 For the electoral district see Rivière-des-Mille-Îles (electoral district)The Rivière des Mille Îles (River of the Thousand Islands) is a channel of the Ottawa River in southwestern Quebec Canada and runs into the Rivière des Prairies.
 Bickerton Hill refers to two low red sandstone hills that form the southern end of the Mid Cheshire Ridge in Cheshire north-west England. The high point Raw Head lies on the northerly hill and has an elevation of 227 metres. Parts of the southerly hill are also known as Larkton Hill.There is evidence of settlement on the hills dating from the neolithic or Bronze Age.
 Thumb Mountain is a 1978-foot (603 m) steep-sided monadnock located in Hancock New Hampshire approximately 13 mi (21 km) east of the city of Keene and 8 mi (13 km) north of Mount Monadnock. The mountain shares a common base with Skatutakee Mountain 1998 feet (609 m) 3000 feet (910 m) to the east. Much of the mountain is wooded but open ledges near the summit provide views of the surrounding countryside; vistas include the north face of Mount Monadnock.
 The Pârâul Umbros is a headwater of the Arcuș River in Romania.
 The Karawanks or Karavankas or Karavanks (Slovene: Karavanke German: Karawanken) are a mountain range of the Southern Limestone Alps on the border between Slovenia to the south and Austria to the north. With a total length of 120 kilometres (75 mi) in east-west direction the Karawanks chain is one of the longest ranges in Europe. It is traversed by important trade routes and has a great tourist significance.
 The Șoarecu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Râul Răchițelii is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The Vâlcele River is a headwater of the Araci River in Romania.
 Sentraltind (also known as Sentraltinden or Vestre Styggedalstind) is a mountain in the Hurrungane mountains in the Jotunheimen mountain range. The 2348-metre (7703 ft) tall mountain is located in the eastern part of the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is the 10th highest summit in Norway. Sentraltind lies on a ridge between Store Skagastølstind-Vetle Skagastølstind and Store Styggedalstind-Jervvasstind.
 Sarare River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Rogerson River is a river of the north Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally east reaching the Chatterton River at the town of Hanmer Springs.
 The Lențea River is a tributary of the Cârcinov River in Romania.
 The Karmanasa River (Hindi: कर्मनाशा नदी) is a tributary of the Ganges. It originates in Kaimur district of Bihar and flows through the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar. Along the boundary between Uttar Pradesh and Bihar it has the districts of Sonbhadra Chandauli Varanasi and Ghazipur on its left (UP side); and the districts of Kaimur and Buxar on its right (Bihar side).
 The Valea Furcilor River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic river in Romania.
 The São José do Guapiara River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Brădețel River is a tributary of the Râșnoava River in Romania.
 Gombether See is a lake in Westhessische Senke Hesse Germany. At an elevation of 177 m its surface area is 30 ha.
 Big Platte Lake is one of the many lakes located in the northwestern part of Michigan's lower peninsula. There are two Platte lakes in Benzie County Michigan one of them being Big Platte and the other being Little Platte. Big Platte Lake covers 2516 acres and is 3.3 miles long and 1.6 miles wide. The average depth of Platte Lake is 24 feet deep. The deepest point of the lake is measured at 95 feet deep. The Platte River flows through the lake at a speed of 120 cubic feet per second.
 Øyre is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Olmenhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Aletsch Glacier in the canton of Valais.
 Weatherall Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in the Byam Martin Channel northeast of Melville Island. Domett Point is at its mouth.
 Ninaja (Serbian Cyrillic: Нинаја) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia between cities of Novi Pazar and Sjenica. Its highest peak Homar has an elevation of 1462 meters above sea level. There are claims that the mountain is named after the legendary Ninus Ninus-mountain.
 Talcott Mountain of central Connecticut with a high point of 950 feet (290 m) is a 13-mile (21 km) long trap rock mountain ridge located 6 miles (10 km) west of the city of Hartford. The ridge a prominent landscape feature forms a continuous line of exposed western cliffs visible across the Farmington River valley from Farmington to Simsbury.
 Smithson is a small lunar impact crater located in the northeast part of Mare Fecunditatis. It is a circular cup-shaped feature with a slightly higher albedo than the surrounding dark lunar mare. It was previously identified as Taruntius N before being renamed by the IAU. Taruntius itself lies to the west-northwest in the northwestern part of the same mare.
 The Ngunguru River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It initially flows southwest before turning east to flow into a long wide estaury which empties into Ngunguru Bay to the northwest of Whangarei. The town of Ngunguru sits on the estuary's north bank at its opening to the bay.
 Sugarloaf Mountain is in Riverside County California United States near milepost 82 on Pines to Palms Scenic Byway (SR 74). This mountain was officially named by the USGS and appears on their topographic maps. The summit elevation is approximately 1947 feet (593 m).
 The Abobral River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Zavoj Lake (Serbian: Завојско језеро Zavojsko jezero) is an artificial lake in eastern Serbia on the Visočica River. It was created in 1963 after a major landslide which dammed the river and the natural dam was later replaced with a hydroelectric dam Zavoj.
 The Valea River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
 Wetalth Ridge is an isolated ridge in northern British Columbia Canada located 74 km (46 mi) southwest of Tatogga and south of Telegraph Creek. It lies on the southwest side of Little Arctic Lake at the southwest corner of Mount Edziza Provincial Park.
 Lake Olomega is a large lake in the southeastern part of El Salvador.In the past few years Lake Olomega has suffered from an infestation of Water hyacinth which has caused problems for wildlife fishing and tourism.Lake Olomega is located next to the town of Olomega (population 4000). The community relies heavily on fishing and ecotourism.
 Lewis Peak is a 6624-foot (2019 m) spire-shaped peak in the Kichatna Mountains of the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve southwest of Mount McKinley.
 Mynydd Marchywel is a 418-metre-high hill in the Neath Port Talbot area in South Wales. Its summit is marked both by a cairn and a trig point. The larger part of the hill is cloaked in modern forestry through which numerous streams fall away westward to the River Tawe eastward to the River Dulais and southward into the Clydach the latter two being tributaries of the River Neath.
 The Dauphin River (Saint Lucia) is a river of Saint Lucia.
 The Făureni River is a tributary of the Borşa river in Romania.
 The Macal River is a river running through Cayo District in western Belize. Sites along the river include the ancient Mayan town of Cahal Pech and the Belize Botanic Gardens. The Macal River discharges to the Belize River. There are several tributaries to the Macal River including the following streams: Privassion Rio On Rio Frio Mollejon and Cacao Camp.The size of the Macal River catchment basin is approximately 1492 square kilometers.
 Jeombongsan is a mountain between the counties of Inje and Yangyang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1424.2 m (4673 ft).
 Bym (Russian: Бым) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Iren River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 56 km. Area of drainage basin is 327 km². Main tributaries: Bymok River (right).
 The Pala da Tgiern is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Suraua in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of the Crap Grisch in the Val Lumnezia.
 Mount Louis is a mountain located in southeast Banff National Park in Alberta Canada. It is part of the Sawback Range.The mountain was named in 1886 after Louis B. Stewart.
 Shoushan (Chinese: 壽山 also commonly known in English as Monkey Mountain) is a mountain located in Gushan District Kaohsiung Taiwan to the north of the main entrance to Kaohsiung Harbor. It was named Ape Hill by the Dutch in the 17th century to describe many monkeys on this mountain.
 Lake Tooma is a lake of Estonia.
 The Bogdana River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The River Len is a river in Kent England. It rises at a spring in Affer's Wood to the south-east of the village centre of Lenham 0.6 miles (0.97 km) from the source of the River Great Stour; both rise on the Greensand Ridge. Its length is c10 miles (16 km). It enters the River Medway at Maidstone.The river flows in a generally westerly direction.
 Myarth is a hill in the Usk Valley in the county of Powys in South Wales about 2 miles east of Crickhowell. Its summit at 292 metres (958 ft) is covered by trees whilst the larger part of its slopes are also wooded. It is listed as a Marilyn. Myarth has an elongate form commonly ascribed to erosion by the west-to-east movement of the Usk Valley glacier during successive ice ages. The River Usk runs along the foot of the hill on its southern side.
 The Mékinac river is a located in the RCM Mekinac Regional County Municipality in the administrative region of Mauricie the province of Quebec in Canada. This river of Middle Mauricie has played an important role in the forestry industry at the end of 19th Century.
 The Valea lui Tucă River is a tributary of the Ungureni River in Romania.
 The Vezieș River or Vizieș River is a tributary of the Sângeriș River in Romania.
 There are various Black Lakes in Nova Scotia Canada. They vary widely in size depth and usability. Many counties such as Cumberland Halifax Inverness and Pictou Counties have more than one Black Lake so named while other counties mentioned in this article have only one named Black Lake.
 The Alet is a river in southwestern France. The river is a right tributary of the Salat River. The total length is about 20 kilometers from its source in the Ariège department in the Pyrenees to where it empties into the Salat near Seix. The Alet is part of the Garonne basin.
 The Camăr River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Dunn's Hole is a large chamber cave in Trelawny Parish Jamaica. It consists of a very large chamber approximately 200 metres long 100 metres wide and 80 metres high located at the bottom of a 200 metre pit. It is the largest known underground chamber in Jamaica. The main chamber contains a large stalagmite approximately 8 metres high.
 The Noye is a river in the Picardy region of northern France. The Noye is located in the northern part of the Picard plateau. It is the left tributary of the Avre river which is itself a left tributary of the Somme. The Noye starts near the commune of Vendeuil-Caply and extends to a length of 33 kilometres (21 mi). It flows through the departments of Oise and Somme at Breteuil and Ailly-sur-Noye reentering the Avre at Boves 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) southeast of Amiens.
 The Saint Lawrence Seaway (French: la Voie Maritime du Saint-Laurent) is the common name for a system of locks canals and channels that permits ocean-going vessels to travel from the Atlantic Ocean to the Great Lakes as far inland as the western end of Lake Superior. The Seaway is named for the Saint Lawrence River which flows from Lake Ontario to the Atlantic Ocean. Legally the Seaway extends from Montreal Quebec to Lake Erie and includes the Welland Canal.
 The Presidio River is a river of Mexico.
 The Bussen is a mountain in southern Germany in the region of Upper Swabia with an elevation of 787 metres (approximately 2582 ft). It is also known as the Holy Mountain of Upper Swabia. It is situated on the border between the Swabian Alb and Upper Swabia proper. Being one of the most visited places of pilgrimage in Upper Swabia it also offers spectacular views as far as the Alps more than 100 kilometres to the south.
 Laguna del Carbón (Spanish: Coal Lagoon) is a salt lake in Santa Cruz Province Argentina. This salt lake is located 54 km from Puerto San Julián within the Gran Bajo de San Julián (Great San Julián Depression) an endorheic basin situated between the San Julian Bay and the Chico River.
 Mount Diatuto is a mountain in East Timor a country occupying the eastern end of the island of Timor in the Lesser Sunda Islands of Wallacea.
 .Wilkerson Pass elevation 9504 ft (2897 m) is a mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains within Pike National Forest of Colorado and marks the eastern boundary of South Park (Park County Colorado).The pass is traversed by U.S. Highway 24 with a Forest Service visitor center at the summit along with a few short trails.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Valea Glodului River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Dent du Vélan is a peak in the Chablais Alps located north of the Cornettes de Bise. At 2059 metres (6755 ft) above sea level its summit straddles the border between Switzerland and France. The Dent du Vélan is the westernmost summit rising above 2000 m (6560 ft) in Switzerland.
 The Itapeti River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Rambergssjøen or Rambergsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Røros in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake is located on the Håelva river downstream from the lake Håsjøen. The 3.1-square-kilometre (1.2 sq mi) lake is located about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) southeast of the municipal center of Røros.
 Mount Kearsarge is a mountain located in Wilmot New Hampshire and Warner New Hampshire. Two state parks are located on the mountain: Winslow State Park and Rollins State Park. On a very clear day skyscrapers in the city of Boston Massachusetts 80 miles (130 km) away are visible from the fire tower on the summit.
 Aston Reservoir sometimes known as Salford Lake Salford Park Pool or Salford Bridge Reservoir is a 19th-century reservoir formerly used for drinking water extracted from the River Tame in Birmingham England. It was built by the Birmingham Waterworks Company and was at that time situated in the parish of Aston. On 1 January 1876 the company was purchased by Birmingham Corporation Water Department.More recently it has been a boating lake although this is no longer the case.
 Hasenhorn is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Vâlcelul Cocora River is a tributary of the Lăptici River in Romania.
 Schiltach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Sgùrr na Sgine is a Scottish mountain situated eight kilometres south of Shiel Bridge in the Glenshiel (deer) Forest at the lower end of Glen Shiel in the Highland District.
 Heggmovatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. The 9.38-square-kilometre (3.62 sq mi) lake is located about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of the village of Løding. The lake is regulated and it is the main water source for the town of Bodø. The water flows out of the lake into the river Heggmoelva which then flows into the lake Vatnvatnet.
 The Vorniceasa River is a tributary of the Săvescu River in Romania.
 The Valea lui Băj is a tributary of the Bratia River in Romania.
 Kantili (Greek: Καντήλι) is a mountain range in the northwestern part of the island of Euboea in Greece. Its maximum elevation is 1246 m. It stretches along the west coast of the island above the shore of the North Euboean Gulf between Limni and Politika. Its length is about 25 km from southeast to northwest. The slope towards the sea is very steep and there is no road along the coast. The Greek National Road 77 (Chalcis - Istiaia) passes east of the mountains.
 The Sarvant Glacier is a glacier located on the northern slopes of the Cowlitz Chimneys in Washington. Named for Henry M. Sarvant who mapped Mount Rainier in 1894 the glacier starts at an elevation of about 7000 feet (2100 m) and descends northward down to 6100 ft (1900 m). There are several patches of permanent ice and snow that lie to the east and west of the glacier. These range in elevation from about 7000 ft (2100 m) to 5700 ft (1700 m).
 For other mountains named Edgecumbe see Mount Edgecumbe.Putauaki also known as Mount Edgecumbe is a dacite volcanic cone in the Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand. Located 50 km east of Rotorua and three kilometres east of Kawerau it is the easternmost vent of the Okataina volcanic centre within the Taupo Volcanic Zone. The mountain rises to 820 m above sea level and is visible from the waters of the Bay of Plenty 30 km to the north.
 The Arroio Pelotas is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The White River is a 12.1-mile-long (19.5 km) river in southern Huron County Michigan. It is a tributary of Lake Huron.
 Cliffe Hill is a hill to the east of the town of Lewes in East Sussex England. It is impressive on its western edge where it looms over Lewes. Its summit is covered in a golf course. It is the second lowest Marilyn in the British Isles.Also to be found on the hill is an obelisk known as Martyrs' Memorial commemorating the destruction of Lewes' monastery by Henry VIII and the burning of the 17 Protestant martyrs known as the Sussex Martyrs in 1555–1557.
 Bubong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 917 metres
 Maly Payalpan (Russian: Малый Паялпан) is a shield volcano located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 The Purcăroaia River is a tributary of the Cracău River in Romania.
 Pok Fu Lam Reservoir (Chinese: 薄扶林水塘) is the first reservoir in Hong Kong. It is located in a valley in Pok Fu Lam. It is actually two reservoirs with capacity of 260 km³.
 Tarjanne (also Tarjannevesi) is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is situated in the municipalities of Ruovesi Virrat and Mänttä-Vilppula in the Pirkanmaa region in western Finland. The lake is part of the Kokemäenjoki basin. The main inflows are the lake Vaskivesi and a chain of lakes north of it in the west and a chain of lakes from the lake Pihlajavesi in the north. The lake drains into the Lake Ruovesi in the south.
 Talmadge Creek is a tributary of the Kalamazoo River. It is located in Calhoun County Michigan near the county seat of Marshall.
 The Ozama River (Spanish: Rio Ozama) in the Dominican Republic can trace its source to the Loma Siete Cabezas in the Sierra de Yamasá close to Villa Altagracia.The river flows 148 kilometers before emptying into the Caribbean Sea. At the end of the journey it bisects the capital Santo Domingo into eastern and western halves. The three main tributaries of the Ozama are the Isabela River the Sabita River and the Yabacao River.The Ozama's basin is the fourth largest in the Dominican Republic.
 The Ilișoara River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Ilişoara Mare and Ilişoara Mică
 Mount Field is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain is named after Darby Field (1610–1649) who in 1642 made the first known ascent of Mount Washington. Mount Field is the highest peak of the Willey Range of the White Mountains. Mt. Field is flanked to the northwest by Mount Tom and to the southwest by Mount Willey.Mt. Field stands on the borders of three watersheds. On its northeast side it drains into the Saco River and thence into the Gulf of Maine in Maine.
 The South Branch Moose River is a tributary of the Moose River in Franklin County Maine. Its source (45°26′21″N 70°36′14″W) on Caribou Mountain is about 1.5 miles (2 km) from the Canada – United States border in Skinner (Maine Township 1 Range 7 WBKP). From there the river winds generally north for 11.0 miles (17.7 km) to its confluence with the main stream of the Moose River in Lowelltown (T1 R8 WBKP).
 Lac de Grangent is a lake in Loire France. At an elevation of 420 m its surface area is 3.65 km².
 Mount Patterson was named in 1917 after John Duncan Patterson. It is located in the Waputik Range in Alberta.
 Granitsiotis (Greek: Γρανιτσιώτης) is a river in northwestern Evrytania Greece. It is a tributary of the Acheloos. It flows through the village Granitsa.
 Wildbach (Wurm) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Yevpatoria Bay (Russian: Евпаторийская бухта Ukrainian: Євпаторійська бухта Crimean Tatar: Kezlev körfezi Кезлев корьфези) is a bay in the Black Sea near Yevpatoria Crimea.
 The Itchen Navigation is a 10.4-mile (16.7 km) disused canal system in Hampshire England that provided an important trading route from Winchester to the sea at Southampton for about 150 years. Improvements to the River Itchen were authorised by Act of Parliament in 1665 but progress was slow and the navigation was not declared complete until 1710.
 Lake Grace North is a lake in Western Australia. It is located at 33°09′S 118°21′E in the Shire of Lake Grace. Biogeographically it is part of the Western Mallee subregion of the Mallee region of the South West Botanic Province. It has an area of about 72 square kilometres (28 mi²). It is one of four lakes in the area comprising the Lake Grace System a DIWA-listed wetland of national importance.
 Leitenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Jezero is a crater on Mars. Once flooded with water the crater contains a fan-delta deposit rich in clays.In several Slavic languages including Bosnian Croatian Czech Serbian and Slovenian the word jezero means lake.
 Bobs Creek is a river in the James Bay and Abitibi River drainage basins in Cochrane District in northeastern Ontario Canada. It flows 3.3 kilometres (2.1 mi) from Bobs Lake to its mouth at the Shallow River.
 This article is about the John Day River in eastern Oregon. There is also the John Day River in northwestern Oregon.The John Day River is a tributary of the Columbia River approximately 284 miles (457 km) long in northeastern Oregon in the United States. Undammed along its entire length the river is the third longest free-flowing river in the contiguous United States. There is extensive use of its waters for irrigation.
 The Kowhai River is a river of the northeast of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from the slopes of Manakau in the Seaward Kaikoura Range turning southeast as it reaches its narrow coastal plain. The Kowhai River flows to the ocean to the west of the Kaikoura Peninsula three kilometres west of the town of Kaikoura.
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
 Bondarenko is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the northeast of the large dark-floored crater Tsiolkovskiy and south of the crater Chauvenet. Just to the northeast of Bondarenko is Patsaev G a comparably sized satellite of Patsaev to the west. This is a moderately worn crater formation with a slightly irregular floor.
 The Gârla Huțanilor is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Indeungsan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 666 metres.
 The Thames and Severn Canal is a canal in Gloucestershire in the south of England which was completed in 1789. It was conceived as part of a canal route from Bristol to London. At its eastern end it connects to the River Thames at Inglesham Lock near Lechlade while at its western end it connects to the Stroudwater Navigation at Wallbridge near Stroud and thence to the River Severn. It has one short arm (branch) from Siddington to the town of Cirencester.
 The Pripor River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 Fredersdorfer Mühlenfließ is a river of Brandenburg and Berlin Germany.
 Baarbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Măgheruș River is a tributary of the Beregsău River in Romania.The Murani Dam is located on the Măgheruș River.
 The Boulder Hills el. 5768 feet (1758 m) is a set of foothills north of Boulder Montana in Jefferson County Montana.
 Krebsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Whitney is a flood control reservoir on the main stem of the Brazos River in Texas. It is located on River Mile Marker 442 and controls drainage for 17656 square miles (45730 km2) of Texas and parts of New Mexico. The reservoir encompasses a surface area of more than 23500 acres and 225 miles (362 km) of shoreline. The area consists of rolling tallgrass prairies; cedar trees; hardwood timber; and 100 ft (30 m) bluffs and rock points.
 Sumas Lake (Halq’eméyle: Semá:th Lake Nooksack: Semáts Xácho7 (Level Place Lake).) was a shallow freshwater lake surrounded by extensive wetlands. It was located between Sumas and Vedder Mountains midway between the present-day cities of Chilliwack and Abbotsford British Columbia. The lake supported sturgeon trout salmon grizzly bears and geese. Its wetland habitat was a destination for migrating birds and a breeding ground for both fish and waterfowl.
 Calaveras Reservoir is located primarily in Santa Clara County California with a small portion and its dam in Alameda County California. The reservoir has a capacity of 100000 acre·ft (120000000 m3). In Spanish Calaveras means skulls.Calaveras Reservoir is fed mainly by Arroyo Hondo and Calaveras Creek. Lying in the Calaveras Valley the region is a geologically active area with the Calaveras Fault parallel to and to the west of the dam site.
 The Pierre du Moëllé (el. 1661 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps connecting Leysin to the lake of Hongrin in the canton of Vaud. The pass lies between the Tour de Famelon and the Gros Van.
 The Sukhona (Russian: Сухона) is a river in the European part of Russia a tributary of the Northern Dvina River. The course of the Sukhona lies in Ust-Kubinsky Sokolsky Mezhdurechensky Totemsky Tarnogsky Nyuksensky and Velikoustyugsky Districts of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is 558 kilometres (347 mi) long and the area of its basin 50300 square kilometres (19400 sq mi).
 The Corb river (Catalan: el riu Corb or el Riucorb) is a small river in Catalonia Spain.It rises at a spring near the village of Rauric just west of the town of Santa Coloma de Queralt in central Catalonia flows westwards past the villages of Llorac Vallfogona de Riucorb Guimerà Ciutadilla Nalec Rocafort de Vallbona Sant Martí de Maldà Maldà Belianes then veers northwards across the plain where it disappears into a network of irrigation canals.
 Chilkat Inlet is an inlet in Lynn Canal in the Southeast region of the U.S. state of Alaska that includes the delta for the Chilkat River and borders Haines and the Chilkat Peninsula. It was first charted in 1794 by Joseph Whidbey master of the HMS Discovery during George Vancouver's 1791-95 expedition.
 Chambers Creek is a creek in Washington. It is fed by Lake Steilacoom in Lakewood Washington.Chambers Creek was named for Thomas M. Chambers who settled near Olympia Washington in 1846 and later built a sawmill on the creek.Abitibi Consolidated Inc owns a paper mill along the south side of the lower reaches of the creek.
 The Hochstollen is a mountain of the Urner Alps located between the Klein Melchtal and the Melchtal in the canton of Obwalden. The border with the canton of Bern runs south of the summit.The closest locality is Melchsee-Frutt on its east side.
 Morské oko (called Veľké Vihorlatské jazero in the past; literally Sea Eye) is a lake in the Vihorlat Mountains in east Slovakia. It is at 618 m covers 0.13 km² with a maximum depth of 25.1 m. It is a national nature reserve (covering 1.08 km²) since 1984 and part of the Vihorlat Protected Landscape Area. Among the many fish are trout.
 The Coriera River is a tributary of the Şugău River in Romania.
 Sufnersee is a reservoir between Splügen and Sufers on the Hinterrhein river in the Grisons Switzerland. The dam Sufers was built 1962. The reservoir has a volume of 17.5 million m³ and its surface area is 0.90 km².
 The Eklutna River is a 22 mile (35 km) long river located in the Southcentral region of the U.S. state of Alaska. A degraded anadromous stream of glacial origin it originates at Eklutna Glacier and flows through Eklutna Lake and a canyon up to 350 feet (107 m) deep emptying into the Knik Arm of Cook Inlet approximately 17 miles (27 km) northeast of Anchorage.
 Mount Harrison at 9265 feet (2824 m) is a peak in the northern Albion Mountains of Cassia County in southern Idaho. Mount Harrison is located in north of Cache Peak south of Burley northeast of Oakley and west of Malta in the Albion Division of the Minidoka Ranger District of Sawtooth National Forest. Mount Harrison is in the watershed of tributaries of the Snake River which itself is a tributary of the Columbia River.
 The Pietrile River is a tributary of the Petrimanu River in Romania.
 Rendezvous Mountain is a large mountain massif located in the southern Teton Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The highest point on Rendezvous Mountain is Rendezvous Peak (10927 feet (3331 m)). The west and northern flanks of the mountain are in Grand Teton National Park Wyoming while much of the remainder of the massif is in Bridger-Teton National Forest. The mountain massif extends for a distance of 5 miles (8.0 km) between Granite Canyon to the north and Phillips Canyon to the south.
 Spring Creek is a 76.5-mile-long (123.1 km) tributary of the Flint River in southwest Georgia in the United States.Rising in the northeastern corner of Clay County 5 miles (8 km) north of Bluffton the creek flows south to join the Flint River in Lake Seminole approximately 6 miles (10 km) upstream of that river's confluence with the Chattahoochee River to form the Apalachicola River which flows through Florida to the Gulf of Mexico.
 The Mucuri River is a river of Bahia and Minas Gerais states in eastern Brazil.
 Lower Foster Lake is a lake in Saskatchewan Canada.
 The River Roach is a river that flows entirely through the English county of Essex. It flows through the town of Rochford and joins the River Crouch between Wallasea Island and Foulness Island.Rochford takes its name from Rochefort Old English for Ford of the Hunting Dogs. The River Roach was originally called the Walfleet or Walflete (Creek of the foreigners). It is believed that it was renamed the Roach in what is known as a back formation.
 Lake Bastrop is a reservoir on Spicer Creek in the Colorado River basin 3 miles (5 km) northeast of the town of Bastrop in central Bastrop County Texas USA. The reservoir was formed in 1964 by the construction of a dam by the Lower Colorado River Authority. The lake serves primarily as a power plant cooling pond for the Sim Gideon Power Plant operated by the LCRA and the Lost Pines Power Project 1 owned by GenTex Power Corporation a wholly owned affiliate of the LCRA.
 Frozen Head is a mountain in Morgan County Tennessee. It is the second highest peak in the Crab Orchard Mountains at 3324 feet (1013 m). Frozen Head is located in Frozen Head State Park and Natural Area.
 The Oeschinenhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Lake Oeschinnen in the Bernese Oberland. It lies just west of the Blüemlisalp.
 Mount Desor is the tallest mountain within Isle Royale National Park. Located on Isle Royale in Lake Superior and with an elevation of 1394 feet (420 m) it is the third highest peak on the lake. The 45-mile long Greenstone Ridge Trail crosses the summit of Mount Desor as it traverses the length of the island.
 The Río Grande (Oaxaca) is a river of Mexico.
 Lac de Grand-Lieu is a lake located to the south-west of Nantes in the Loire-Atlantique France and almost entirely in Saint-Philbert-de-Grand-Lieu. At an elevation of 5 m its surface area is 62.92 km² making it the largest lake in France in winter but second after Lac du Bourget in summer.The lake is classified as a Local Nature Reserve and use of boats on the lake are prohibited for all but a small number of licensed professional fishermen.
 Four Holes Swamp is a small blackwater river that is a tributary to the Edisto River in South Carolina. The swamp rises in Calhoun County and flows 62 miles (100 km) to the confluence in an unusual braided pattern; it has no well-defined channel but multiple channels that start and disappear yet maintain a flow.The swamp is the home of the Francis Beidler Forest a 16000-acre (65 km2) nature preserve of virgin cypress and tupelo forest owned and operated by the Audubon Society.
 Bishop Creek is also a dated variant of Baxter Creek in Richmond/El Cerrito CaliforniaBishop Creek is a 10.1-mile-long (16.3 km) stream in Inyo County California. It is the largest tributary of the Owens River. It has five hydroelectric plants owned by Southern California Edison Bishop Creek #2–6. Bishop Creek #1 is no longer in operation. Parts of the creek run through pipelines or penstocks to increase output at the power plants.Bishop Creek has three forks North Middle and South.
 The Río Marín is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Lewis is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies along the western edge of the Montes Cordillera mountains that surround the Mare Orientale impact basin. This crater has been heavily disrupted by the formation of the basin and it is covered by ejecta from the impact leaving only an uneven depression in the surface. The outer rim is roughly circular and the interior is uneven.
 Kainsbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Pahsimeroi River is a 58.7-mile-long (94.5 km) river in Idaho in the United States. It is a tributary of the Salmon River which in turn is tributary to the Snake River and Columbia River.
 The Pârâul Omului or Omul River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Würzjoch (Italian: Passo delle Erbe; Ladin: Jü de Börz; German: Würzjoch) (el. 2003 m.) is a mountain pass in the province of South Tyrol in Italy. It connects the city of Brixen in the Eisacktal with San Martin de Tor in the Val Gardena.The pass road is in good condition but narrow and closed in winter. On the south side the road is open during winter up to the Plose ski resort.
 The Haut Sex (also known as Pointe de Recon) (1961 m) is a mountain of the Chablais Alps located on the border between Switzerland and France. It lies north of the Tour de Don.
 The Malibu Rapids forms the entrance to Princess Louisa Inlet and is also connected to the Jervis Inlet. The tidal flow of both inlets pass through this narrow and shallow passage that creates a fast moving (approximately 9 kn or 17 km/h) and strong tidal rapids during the peak flows.
 Eagle Peak is a 6955 feet (2120 m) mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska located in Chugach State Park in Anchorage Municipality. The peak is named after the Eagle River. On clear days the peak is visible from Anchorage.
 The Iskut-Unuk River Cones are a group of eight small basaltic centres at the southern end of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province in the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains in western North America. The lava flows date back 70000 years but the subaerial vents produced cinder cones and lava flows that were probably all active between about 9000 and a few hundred years ago. The last lava flows were erupted from The Volcano about 150 years ago.
 Mount McGladrey is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1914 after McGladrey very little is known about the person.
 The Pine Forest Range is a mountain range in Humboldt County Nevada.
 Grønfjellåga (lit. the river of the green mountain) is a river in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The 17-kilometre (11 mi) long river's source is the lakes Kallvatnet and Kopparvatnet. It then flows through the Grønfjelldalen valley while absorbing several smaller rivers before it flows out as a tributary to the river Ranelva at the Dunderforsen waterfall (also called Stupforsen).
 Mount Meek (10681 feet (3256 m)) is located in the Teton Range on the border of Caribou-Targhee National Forest and Grand Teton National Park U.S. state of Wyoming. Mount Meek is west of Mount Meek Pass and about .53 miles (0.85 km) ENE of Mount Jedediah Smith.
 Schwatka Lake is a reservoir created by the damming of the Yukon River in Whitehorse Yukon completed in 1958. The dam provides electrical power generation and is operated by the Yukon Energy Corporation. The White Horse Rapids which gave the city its name are now under the lake.
 Makassar Strait is a strait between the islands of Borneo and Sulawesi in Indonesia. To the north it joins the Celebes Sea while to the south it meets the Java Sea.The Mahakam River of Borneo empties into the strait.Ports along the strait include Balikpapan in Borneo and Makassar and Palu in Sulawesi. The city of Samarinda is 48 km (30 mi) from the strait along the Mahakam.The strait is a common shipping route for ocean going ships too big to fit through the Straits of Malacca.
 Etang de la Gruère is a small lake in the Jura range near Saignelégier Canton of Jura Switzerland. The lake and the surrounding bog is a nature preserve. The lake was formed in the 17th century when a dam was built for a mill.
 Lake Wakuach is a lake in northern Quebec Canada.
 Feldberger Haussee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 84.3 m its surface area is 1.31 km².
 The Robert-Bourassa Reservoir (in French: Réservoir Robert-Bourassa) is a man-made lake in northern Quebec Canada. It was created in the mid-1970s as part of the James Bay Project and provides the needed water for the Robert-Bourassa and La Grande-2-A generating stations. It has a maximum surface area of 2835 square kilometres (1095 sq mi) and a surface elevation between 168 metres (551 ft) and 175 metres (574 ft).
 This article is about Colún Beach for the milk company see COLUNColún is a beach in southern Chile located south of Corral and west of La Unión. The beach is about 9 km long and runs like many other Chilean beaches from north to south along the Pacific Oceans shores. In a ranking made the newspaper El Mercurio in 2006 Colún was considered the most hidden beach in Chile. The beach has large sand dunes in its southern part and lies west of two freshwater lagoons.
 The Streatfeild River is a river in Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is a right tributary of the Attawapiskat River and its source is Streatfeild Lake adjacent to the headwaters of the neighbouring Kapiskau River. The river lies in the Hudson Bay Lowlands and is part of the James Bay drainage basin.
 Sumantri (also spelled Soemantri or Soemantri Brodjonegoro) is a sharp mountain in the western Sudirman Range (New Guinea) it rises 4870 metres (15978 ft). The peak is approximately 2 km northeast of Carstensz Pyramid (4884 m) the highest mountain of Oceania. The north side of Sumantri is dominated by tremendous cliffs that wrap around onto both the eastern and western sides of the mountain.
 Malheur Butte is an extinct volcano located in Malheur County Oregon. Between 20 and 15 million years ago the region from north-central Washington to northeastern California experienced a series of volcanic eruptions and basalt lava floods that covered thousands of square miles. These ancient lava floods often dammed streams creating lakes and swamps that may have lasted for millions of years before filling with sediment or draining as erosion slowly lowered their outlets.
 The Cununschi River is a tributary of the Brodina River in Romania.
 The Black Butte River is located in the Mendocino National Forest of northern California in Glenn and Mendocino counties. It is a tributary to the Middle Fork Eel River and flows northward for 24 miles (39 km) from its headwaters near Round Mountain to the confluence with the Middle Fork Eel River.
 Michelbach (Gersprenz) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lake Janet is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Lake Janet is south of Porcupine Ridge and 2.5 miles (4.0 km) southwest of Waterton Lake.
 This article is about the river in Belize and Mexico; for other uses see Rio HondoThe Hondo River or Rio Hondo is a river of Central America approximately 150 km (93.2 mi) in length which flows in a northeasterly direction to discharge into Chetumal Bay on the Caribbean Sea.
 The Tacaná Volcano is the second highest peak in Central America at 4060 metres (13320 ft). It is located in the Tacaná municipality of the Guatemalan department of San Marcos and in Cacahoatán Municipality and Unión Juárez Municipality in the Mexican state of Chiapas. The volcano is also known in Mexico as Volcán Tacina.Its last known eruption was registered in 1986 — a small phreatic eruption in May — but it is still considered as dangerous for more than 250000 people.
 Tangra Mountains (in Bulgarian Тангра планина 'Tangra planina' \'tan-gra pla-ni-'na\) (62°40′00″S 60°06′00″W) form the principal mountain range of Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica.
 Mount Bowlen is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia and forms part of the Valley of the Ten Peaks. It was named in 1953 after John J. Bowlen a native of Prince Edward Island successful Alberta rancher honorary chief of the Blackfoot and a Lieutenant Governor of Alberta. Its former name was Yamnee which translates to the number 3 in the local Nakoda (Stoney) language.
 Jebel Kelti is the name given to a mountain located south of Tetouan in Morocco on the African side of the Strait of Gibraltar. It is part of the Rif mountain chain.
 Röllbach (Usa) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Arcuș River (Hungarian: Árkos-patak) is a tributary of the Olt River. It starts at the junction of headwaters Pârâul Mare and Pârâul Umbros
 Jangansan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1237 metres.
 Heiligenloher Beeke is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Bald Hill located in the hamlet of Farmingville New York part of the Town of Brookhaven is one of the highest areas of elevation on Long Island. The highest elevation in the Bald Hill area is 331 feet (101 m). Though local residents often claim it to be the highest point on Long Island that honor actually belongs to Jayne's Hill in the Town of Huntington at 401 feet (122 m). Also nearby Telescope Hill about 0.8 miles (1.3 km) WSW is slightly higher at 334 feet (102 m).
 Diamond Brook also known as Bass Brook is a tributary of the Passaic River which flows south through a section of Bergen County in New Jersey USA. Heading up the brook from the Passaic River one encounters the boroughs of Fair Lawn and Glen Rock as well as the village of Ridgewood.
 The Capivari River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Little Stour is one of the tributaries of the River Stour in the English county of Kent. The upper reaches of the river are better known as the Nailbourne whilst the lower reaches were once known as the Seaton Navigation.The intermittent source of the river is at Lyminge and in its early reaches from Lyminge to Littlebourne it forms a chalk stream and winterbourne that is normally known as the Nailbourne.
 Fröttmaninger Berg is a hill on the edge of Munich Germany. The hill is artificial it is a former landfill site. At the top of the hill is a wind turbine.
 Otter Kill is a 16.0-mile-long (25.7 km) tributary of Moodna Creek that flows through central Orange County New York in the United States. Via the Moodna which it forms at a confluence with Cromline Creek north of the village of Washingtonville its waters eventually reach the Hudson River.The Otter Kill flows primarily through rural undeveloped areas of the towns of Goshen Hamptonburgh and Blooming Grove.
 For the ski area see Willamette Pass Resort.Willamette Pass (5128 ft or 1563 m) is a mountain pass crossing the crest of the Cascade Range in Oregon. It is also known as Pengra Pass and Willamette Summit. The pass is traversed by Oregon Route 58. The Willamette Pass Resort ski area is located at the pass.
 The Scocul Stănuleților River is a tributary of the Scocul Albele River in Romania.
 The Sciora Dafora (or Sciora di Fuori) is a mountain in the Bregaglia Range of the Alps located south of Vicosoprano in the canton of Graubünden. It is the northernmost summit of the Sciora group.
 The Beia River is a tributary of the Paloşul River in Romania.
 The Semien Mountains (in Amharic ስሜን or Səmen; also spelled Simien and Simen) in northern Ethiopia north east of Gondar are part of the Ethiopian Highlands. They are a World Heritage Site and include the Semien Mountains National Park. The mountains consist of plateaux separated by valleys and rising to pinnacles. The tallest peak is Ras Dashen (4550 m); other notable heights include Mounts Biuat (4437 m) and Kidis Yared (4453 m).
 The Comărnicelul River is a headwater of the Sasul River in Romania.
 The Bălțatul River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 Schreckenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Pârâul Fierului is a tributary of the Vârghiş River in Romania.
 The Ardeleni River or Valea Ardelenilor River (Valley of the Transylvanians) is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
 Mount Brewster was named in 1929 by Tom Wilson after John Brewster who was the father of the Brewster family of Banff. It is located in the Vermilion Range in Alberta.
 Ben A'an is a small mountain in the Trossachs area of Scotland situated next to Loch Katrine and Loch Achray. On the south side Ben A’an is forested. On top there are many rock outcrops and some cliffs. Even though Ben A’an is not a high mountain the views are very good. From the peak you can see Loch Katrine Loch Achray and Ben Venue which is just next to Ben A’an. The translation of “Ben A’an means “Small Pointed Peak”.
 Mary’s Pond also known as Marys Pond is an 81-acre (330000 m2) pond in Rochester Massachusetts. The pond is located east of Leonards Pond. The average depth is 12 feet (3.7 m) and the maximum depth is 32 feet (9.8 m). The outflow is a stream that leads to the Sippican River. Rochester’s town beach is located on the northwestern shore of the pond along Mary’s Pond Road. Car top boats and canoes can be launched from the town beach.
 The Valea între Fânețe River is a tributary of the Cenade River in Romania.
 Ygyatta (Russian: Ыгыатта) or Ygyta (Ыгыта) is river and left tributary of the Vilyuy River.The length of Ygyatta River is approximately 600 km and basin is about 11200 km². Depth of river at mouth near 10 m.
 Ilster is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Lake Rochelle of which the main body is oval-shaped has a smaller oval-shaped cove on its east end. This lake has a surface area of 580-acre (2300000 m2). The lake is located just north of Winter Haven Florida but is located entirely within the city limits of Lake Alfred Florida the main part of which is on the lake's northwest side. On that side US Highway 92 is just beyond the lake's shore. Most of the north and west sides of Lake Rochelle are bordered by woods.
 The Leslie Harrison Dam is a water storage reservoir for the Redland City Council. The dam forms Tingalpa Reservoir which is situated between the suburbs of Capalaba Chandler and Burbank in Brisbane Australia.The dam was completed in 1968 and provides approximately 20% of Redland Shire town water supply. When full excess water flows over the spillway into the lower reaches of Tingalpa Creek.
 Lake Jefferson is a lake in Le Sueur County Minnesota United States. The lake covers an area of 1141 acres (4.62 km2) and is 37 feet (11 m) deep at its deepest point. Fish species enzootic to Lake Jefferson include bluegill largemouth bass northern pike and walleye. While the Geographic Names Information System considers Lake Jefferson to be a single lake it is sometimes referred to as two lakes East Jefferson Lake and West Jefferson Lake.
 The River Esk is a river in the Lake District in Cumbria England. It is one of two Rivers Esk in Cumbria and not to be confused with the River Esk which flows on the Scottish side of the border.It rises in the Sca Fell range of mountains at a height of 800 metres just below Esk Hause the mountain pass between the fells of Great End and Esk Pike.
 Pim is a river in the Khanty–Mansi Autonomous Okrug in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Ob and is 390 km long with a drainage basin of 12 700 km². The average discharge 166 km from its mouth is 68 m³/s. The river is frozen over from the end of November until May. The town of Lyantor is situated at the Pim.
 The Huriwai River is a short river of New Zealand's North Island. It rises in rough hill country to the southeast of Port Waikato flowing west to reach the Tasman Sea five kilometres south of the mouth of the Waikato River.
 The Min River or Min Jiang (Chinese: 岷江 p Mínjiāng) is a 735-kilometer-long river (457 mi) in central Sichuan province China. It is a tributary of the upper Yangtze River which it joins at Yibin. Within China it was traditionally taken as the main course of the upper Yangtze prior to extensive exploration of its sources.
 Kinwaqucha or Kinwa Qucha (Quechua kinwa quinoa qucha lake quinoa lake hispanicized spelling Ccuenhua Cocha Cuenhuacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Huanca Sancos Province Sacsamarca District. Kinwaqucha lies northeast of the village Kinwakhuchu / Kinwawayq'u (Ccuenhuacucho / Cenhuahuaycco) and the small lake Pukaqucha (Pucacocha).The little river Kinwawayq'u (Ccuenhuaycco) meaning quinoa stream originates near the lake.
 The Albac River (Hungarian: Öreg-patak) is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 Gleierbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bălșoara River is a tributary of the Beica River in Romania.
 Dâmbovița Lake (Lacul Dâmbovița) is a lake situated on Dâmboviţa river in Bucharest and Chiajna west of Morii Lake and bordering Morii Lake. It has an area of 55 ha. The lake is 3 km from the center of Bucharest (University Square) and is located between: Morii Lake to the East Giulești district at North Chiajna and Rosu Forest at South. A project underground highway a tunnel which will link Morii Lake and Dambovita Lake (also Chiajna) to Civic Center (Unirii Square) and A1 freeway
 Mount Lantoy is a 593-meter (1945 feet) mountain located 10 kilometers inland from the municipality of Argao Cebu in the Philippines.
 The São Bento River (Rio do Peixe) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Brampton Lake is located near Kenora Ontario.
 Jabal Bil Ays is a peak on the border between Oman and United Arab Emirates with an altitude of 1934 metres (6345 feet). The highest point of this mountain is located on the Omani side but an unnamed knoll west of this peak is considered the highest point of the United Arab Emirates at 1910 metres (6266 feet) above sea level. The coordinates of this country high point are 25°56′55″N 56°10′9″E and it is part of the Ras al-Khaimah emirate of the United Arab Emirates.
 Río Inabón is a river in the municipality of Ponce Puerto Rico. With a length of some 32.01 kilometers (19.89 mi) it is Ponce's second longest river after Río Jacaguas. It is fed by the Río Anón Río Guayo (which itself is fed by the Chiquita Brook and the Indalecia Brook) and the Emajagua Brook. It is also fed by Río Bacas and Río de las Raices. This river is one of the 14 rivers in the municipality.
 Põrmujärv is a lake northwest of Voru City in the county of Voru in Estonia's south close to the border with Latvia.
 The Aujon is a 68 km (42 mi) long river in the Haute-Marne and Aube départements northeastern France. Its source is at Perrogney-les-Fontaines. It flows generally northwest. It is a right tributary of the Aube into which it flows at Longchamp-sur-Aujon.
 Black Mountain is located in Georgia USA on the boundary between Dawson and Gilmer counties. The summit is the highest point in Dawson County. It is in the Chattahoochee National Forest and is part of the Blue Ridge Wildlife Management Area.
 The Sierra de Cogollos is a mountain range of the Baetic System in Granada Province Andalusia Spain.The range is located to the northeast of Granada city. Its highest point is the 1889 m high Peñón del Majalijar peak.
 The Nor'Wester Mountains are a group of mountains immediately south of Thunder Bay Ontario Canada located on the southern limits of the City of Thunder Bay and south of the Kaministiquia River. Mount McKay is the highest most northern and best known of these mountains.
 Duryunsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 700 metres.
 Dockery Lake Recreation Area located in northeast Georgia near the town of Dahlonega is a US Forest Service campground and day-use area constructed next to a small pond. The area operated by the Forestry Service's Brasstown Ranger District of the Chattahoochee National Forest is nestled among the Cedar Ridge range of the Blue Ridge Mountains. Situated on a small tributary to Waters Creek Dockery Lake is a 6-acre (24000 m2) man-made lake stocked with trout.
 Zieskensee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 46 m its surface area is 0.172 km².
 Hwamaesan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1108 metres.
 Early in the 19th century the Leiper Canal ran about 3 miles (5 km) along Crum Creek in Delaware County Pennsylvania. George Leiper who financed the canal used it between 1829 and 1852 to haul stone in flat-bottomed boats from his quarry near Springfield to the navigable Delaware River at Eddystone. The system which had three locks replaced an industrial tramway.
 The Ospika pipe is a small composite diatreme in northern British Columbia Canada located approximately 140 km (87 mi) north-northwest of Mackenzie on the east side of Williston Lake between the Peace Reach and Ospika River.
 The Little East Branch Cupsuptic River is a short tributary of the Cupsuptic River in Maine. It flows 2.6 miles (4.2 km) from its source (45°06′07″N 70°50′28″W) on the slope of West Kennebago Mountain to its mouth on the Cupsuptic.
 Alatyr (Russian: Алатырь) is the name of several inhabited localities in Russia.Urban localitiesAlatyr Chuvash Republic a town in the Chuvash RepublicRural localitiesAlatyr Nizhny Novgorod Oblast a village under the administrative jurisdiction of the town of oblast significance of Pervomaysk in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast
 The Amboni Caves are the most extensive limestone caves in East Africa. They are located 8 km north of Tanga City in Tanzania off the Tanga-Mombasa road. The caves were formed about 150 million years ago during the Jurassic age. It covers an area of 234 km². According to researchers the area was under water some 20 million years ago. There are altogether ten caves but only one is used for guided tours.
 The Porcu River is a tributary of the Fericea River in Romania.
 Breckenridge Reservoir is a small reservoir on Chopawamsic Creek in Prince William and Stafford counties Virginia. The reservoir's western shore is the Marine Corps Base Quantico and the eastern shore is a part of Prince William Forest Park which is a unit of the National Park Service. The reservoir is open to fishing along with a Virginia fishing license and Marine Corps Base Quantico permit. Primitive campsites and a hiking trail are on the Prince William Forest Park side of the reservoir.
 The Ruginoasa River is a tributary of the Mireş in Romania.
 Cottonwood Creek originates in the Ancient Bristlecone Pine Forests of the White Mountains of eastern California.
 The Plaiul River is a tributary of the Ghimbav River in Romania.
 The Gulf of Paria (Golfo de Paria in Spanish) is a 7800 km2 (3000 sq mi) shallow inland sea between the island of Trinidad (Republic of Trinidad and Tobago) and the east coast of Venezuela. This sheltered body of water is considered to be one of the best natural harbours on the Atlantic coast of the Americas.
 Musgrave Ranges is a mountain range in Central Australia straddling the boundary of South Australia (Anangu Pitjantjatjara Yankunytjatjara) and the Northern Territory (MacDonnell Shire) extending into Western Australia. It is between the Great Victoria Desert to the south and the Gibson Desert to the north. They have a length of 210 kilometres (130 mi) and many peaks that have a height of more than 1100 metres (3600 ft) the highest being Mount Woodroffe at 1435 metres (4708 ft).
 The Long Range Mountains are a series of mountains along the west coast of the Canadian island of Newfoundland. They also form the northernmost section of the Appalachian chain on the eastern seaboard of North America.
 The Tinella the principal tributary of the Belbo is a minor stream of Piedmont in northwestern Italy whose course falls entirely within the Province of Cuneo. Its sources are a number of springs in the hills near Trezzo Tinella.
 The Stockberg is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps overlooking Nesslau in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies on the range west of the Säntis.
 Truchas Peak (more precisely South Truchas Peak) is the second highest independent peak in the U.S. State of New Mexico. It is in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains 26 miles (42 km) northeast of Santa Fe. It lies within the Pecos Wilderness part of the Santa Fe National Forest. (The north end of the mountain borders on the Carson National Forest.) The name of the peak is Spanish for trout (plural).
 Mentolat is an ice-filled 6 km (4 mi) wide caldera in the central portion of Magdalena Island Aisén Province Chilean Patagonia. It forms part of the Isla Magdalena National Park. Little is known of the eruptive history of Mentolat but it is thought to be young with a possible eruption in the early 1700s. On the infrequent occasions when the clouds clear Mentolat overlooks the port town of Puerto Cisnes. Mentolat has an elevation of 1620 metres above sea level.
 Convict Lake is a lake in the Sherwin Range of the Sierra Nevada in California USA. It is known for its fishing and the dramatic mountains (including Mount Morrison) that surround the lake. Its surface lies at an elevation of 7850 ft (2393 m).The lake was named after an incident on September 23 1871 where a group of convicts escaped from prison in Carson City. A posse from Benton led by Deputy Sheriff George Hightower encountered the convicts near the head of what is now Convict Creek.
 The Mezenskaya Pizhma (Russian: Мезенская Пижма) is a river in Ust-Tsilemsky District of the Komi Republic and in Leshukonsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Mezen River. It is 236 kilometres (147 mi) long and the area of its basin 3830 square kilometres (1480 sq mi).
 The Rubim do Sul River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Bridge River Vent is a volcanic crater in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia Canada. It is located 51 km (32 mi) west of Bralorne on the northeastern flank of the Mount Meager massif. With an elevation of 1524 m (5000 ft) it lies on the steep northern face of Plinth Peak a 2677 m (8783 ft) high volcanic peak comprising the northern portion of Meager.
 Jabal Rumh is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Kyrkjedørsnuten is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Sarayu (also Sarju; Dev. सरयु saráyu- f. later Dev. सरयू sarayū-)is a river that flows through the Indian states of Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh. This river is of ancient significance finding mentions in the Vedas and the Ramayana. The Sarayu forms at the confluence of the Karnali (or Ghaghara) and Mahakali (or Sharda) in Bahraich District. The Mahakali or Sharda forms the Indian-Nepalese border. Ayodhya is situated on the banks of river Sarayu.
 The Upper Yarra Reservoir is located east of Melbourne beyond Warburton within the locality of Reefton. Water from Upper Yarra Reservoir supplies towns in the upper Yarra Valley and Silvan Reservoir which transfers water to most parts of Melbourne.Upper Yarra Reservoir has a capacity of 200000 megalitres (7100×10^6 cu ft) and was completed in 1957 initially for the purpose of preventing flooding downstream.
 Brandywine Mountain 2213 m or 7260 ft is a summit in the Powder Mountain Icefield of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains of southwestern British Columbia Canada about 25 km (16 mi) west of the resort town of Whistler.Its name is derived from that of Brandywine Falls which was the result of a bet over the falls' height (with the wagers being a bottle of wine and a bottle of brandy).[citation needed]
 The Valea Dulgherului River is a tributary of the Topolog River in Romania.
 Black Creek is a tributary of the Genesee River that runs for 46 miles (74 km) in western New York United States. The creek begins in Middlebury in Wyoming County and runs north for roughly the first half of its course and east for the other half eventually joining the Genesee River in Chili Monroe County. Its drainage area spans around 202 square miles (520 km2) which is largely rural and agricultural. As of 2000 40000 residents lived in the creek's drainage area.
 Ibex Cave is a limestone cave on the Rock of Gibraltar which has yielded stone artefacts of Mousterian tradition. It was discovered in 1975. It is so named as an ibex skull was found within the cave which would have been hunted by the Neanderthals of Gibraltar thousands of years ago. Ibex Cave was named and excavated by the Gibraltar Museum in 1994. Its first formal description was in 1999.
 Mørkdalstuva or Mørkdalstua is the tallest mountain on the island of Hitra in the municipality of Hitra in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The 345-metre (1132 ft) tall mountain lies on the western side of the island about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) northeast of Forsnes and 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) southeast of Kvenvær.
 Chimney Tops is a mountain in the central Great Smoky Mountains located in the Southeastern United States. It has an elevation of 4724 feet (1440 m) above sea level. It is one of the park's most recognizable geological structures and a popular hiking destination.Chimney Tops is a double-capstone knob on the eastern slope of the Sugarland Mountain massif. This massif stretches north-to-south across the north-central section of the Smokies.
 Mørsvikvatnet (Lule Sami: Murgosjávrre) is a lake located in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. The 1.1-square-kilometre (0.42 sq mi) lake lies on the northeastern side of the village of Mørsvikbotn. The European route E06 highway runs along the western edge of the lake.
 Mahler is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 103 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Mahler is named for the Austrian composer Gustav Mahler who lived from 1860 to 1911.
 The Vețel River ( Hungarian: Vecel-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Dufay is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies about one crater diameter to the east of the large walled plain Mandel'shtam.To the northwest is the crater Papaleksi and to the east is Valier.The rim of this crater is heavily worn by impacts and several small craterlets lie along the southern edge. The inner wall is somewhat wider on the western side when compared to the east and southeast. The interior floor is relatively level and featureless.
 The Pârâul Aspru is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 The Șcheia River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 Lough Bane (Irish: An Loch Bán) is a lough situated on the borders of County Meath and County Westmeath in Ireland. The border between the two counties runs east-west through the centre of the lake.
 Mons Agnes is a mountain on the Moon at 18.6°N 5.3°E﻿ / 18.6; 5.3 with a diameter of approximately one kilometer. It was named in 1979 after the Greek feminine name Agnes.
 Chatyr-Dah (Crimean Tatar: Çatır Dağ Ukrainian: Чатир-Даг Russian: Чатыр-Даг) is a mountainous massif in Crimea near Simferopol-Alushta highway. In the Crimean Tatar language çatır means tent and dağ means mountain.The mountain consists of two plateaus: the lower (north) and the upper (south). The lower plateau slopes gently down to its northern side which is covered in steppe grass.
 Winston Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) long and .5 kilometres (0.3 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 396 metres (1299 ft) about 21.1 kilometres (13.1 mi) northwest of the community of Schreiber. The primary outflow is Winston Creek part of the Pays Plat river system which flows downstream through an unnamed lake to Banana Lake.
 Garnet Bay is an arm of the Foxe Basin in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut Canada. It is located on the northern coast of Foxe Peninsula in western Baffin Island. The closest community is Cape Dorset situated 137 km (85 mi) to the south while Nuwata a former settlement is situated to the west.
 Lake Posadas is a lake located on the edge of the southern Andes northwest of Santa Cruz Province Argentina near the border between Argentina and Chile. Its turquoise waters and a curious tunnel-shaped rock at the centre makes a distinctive landscape. A narrow land bridge separates the northern end of Lake Posadas from the bigger deeper Cochrane/Pueyrredón Lake.
 The Kelso Mountains are located just north of the small community of Kelso and the Kelso Dunes in the Mojave National Preserve in southeastern California. The town of Baker near Interstate 15 lies approximately 18 miles (29 km) to the northwest of the mountain range. Kelso Peak at 4764 feet (1452 m) is the principal peak of the range.
 Sobger River is a river in northern New Guinea Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Taritatu River.
 The Lauchsee is a large moor lake 2.3 hectares in area in the Tyrolean district of Kitzbühel. It lies on the territory of the municipality of Fieberbrunn above the Pletzerbach at a height of 859 m AA. The lake has two small islands and its maximum depth is 4.3 metres.There is a swimming baths on the Lauchsee called the Moorbad Lauchsee.
 The Suru River is a headwater of the Boia Mică River in Romania.
 Guadalupe Pass is a mountain pass in Culberson County Texas. It is located in the Guadalupe Mountains National Park Texas and is traversed by U.S. Highway 62-180 connecting El Paso Texas with Carlsbad New Mexico.
 Eidfjordvatnet is a moraine-dammed lake in the municipality of Eidfjord in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 Adamson's Peak is a mountain in the Hartz Mountains National Park in Tasmania Australia. It is the 27th highest mountain in Tasmania. It is a prominent feature of the national park and is a popular venue with bushwalkers.
 Cim de Pla de Pujalts is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 2056 metres above sea level.
 The San Emigdio Mountains are a part of the Transverse Ranges in Southern California extending from Interstate 5 at Lebec and Gorman on the east to Highway 33–166 on the west. They link the Tehachapis and Temblor Range and form the southern wall of the San Joaquin Valley. The range is named after Emygdius an early Christian martyr.The range is within Los Angeles Ventura and Kern Counties.
 The Uzan is a left tributary of the Luy de Béarn in Uzan Pyrénées-Atlantiques in Southwestern France.It rises in the moor of Pont-Long in the north of Pau. It flows into the Luy de Béarn downstream from the Aïgue Longue.
 The Condrea River is a tributary of the Siriu Mic River in Romania.
 Hvítárvatn (also known as Hvítárlón) is a lake in the Highlands of Iceland and the source of glacial river Hvítá. It is located 45 km northeast of Gullfoss. Its surface is about 30 km²; its greatest depth is 84 m.There are some rivers and lakes with the Icelandic adjective hvítur (= white) in their name. This is explained by the origin of most of Iceland's freshwater: It comes down from glaciers and the colour is therefore rather light.
 The Mamin River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 The Surducel River is a tributary of the Surducul Mare River in Romania.
 The Șuculețu River is a tributary of the Șucu River in Romania.
 Canoe Lake is a lake in Algoma District Ontario Canada about 8 kilometres (5 mi) north of Serpent River. The lake is about 1600 metres (5249 ft) long and 400 metres (1312 ft) wide and the primary outflow is an unnamed creek that leads eventually to Lizard Creek a tributary of the Serpent River and thence into Lake Huron.There is a second Canoe Lake in Algoma District further west Canoe Lake (Blind River) on the Blind River system.
 Drag Lake is a glacial lake in the township of Dysart et al in Haliburton County Southern Ontario Canada.The lake is in Great Lakes Basin and its primary inflow at the east and outflow at the west and controlled by a dam is the Drag River.Residents of Drag Lake are represented by the Drag and Spruce Lake Property Owners Association.
 Karagöl (Turkish pronunciation: [kaˈɾaɟøl]) is a tourist attraction of Giresun Province located in eastern Black Sea region of Turkey.
 The Bull Valley Mountains are a 30-mi (48 km) long mountain range in southwest Utah located in northwest Washington County. The range is adjacent the Utah border and attached to the Clover Mountains of southeast Nevada.
 Mount Priestley is a mountain in the Coast Mountains of British Columbia Canada. Mount Priestly has an elevation 2359 metres (7740 ft) and prominence measure of 1938 metres (6358 ft) making it one of Canada's many ultra prominent peaks.
 Gamow is a large lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located in the northern hemisphere to the southeast of the walled plain Schwarzschild.This is a worn and eroded feature with a rim that has been battered and overlain by multiple impacts. Gamow V is attached to the western exterior and the joined crater pair Gamow A and Gamow B overlie the northeastern side. The eastern rim is the most damaged section while the rim to the west is free from impacts.
 Mount Flume is a peak in the White Mountains overlooking Franconia Notch. It is 4328 feet (1319 m) tall and is accessible from the north by the Franconia Ridge Trail from the southeast by the Osseo Trail and from the west by the Flume Slide Trail to the Franconia Ridge Trail.From the summit there are outstanding views to the west and to the north to Franconia Ridge. The Flume Slide Trail is a notably steep climb and is not recommended in wet weather or snow.
 Dyulino Pass is a mountain pass in the Balkan Mountains (Stara Planina) in eastern Bulgaria. It connects Varna and Aitos.
 Sant Miquel de Solterra or Sant Miquel de les Formigues is the highest mountain of the Guilleries Massif Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1201.9 metres above sea level.
 Purple Mountain or Zijin Shan (Chinese: 紫金山 Zĭjīnshān lit. Purple-Gold Mountain) is located on the eastern side of Nanjing in Jiangsu province China. It is 447.1 m (1467 ft) high with the lowest point 30 m (98 ft). Its peaks are often found enveloped in mysterious purple and golden clouds at dawn and dusk hence its name.A small mountain with an area about 20 square kilometres (4900 acres) Purple Mountain is a mountain related to many historical events of both ancient and modern China.
 Thabana Ntlenyana which literally means Beautiful little mountain in Sesotho is the highest point in Lesotho and the highest mountain in southern Africa. It is situated on the Mohlesi ridge of the Drakensberg/Maloti mountains north of Sani Pass.
 Neuwiesenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Subri Lake also known as Langarpura Lake is located 10 km Southeast of Muzaffarabad in Azad Kashmir Pakistan. The lake is form where the Jhelum River widens.This lake is accessible by Muzaffarabad-Chakothi road.
 Gandheswari River is a tributary of Dwarakeswar River and flows in Bankura district in the state of West Bengal. Flowing south-west of Susunia Hill and north of Bankura it joins the Dwarakeswar near Bhutsahar. It is subject to sudden flooding during rains.
 Batura Sar also referred to as Batura I is the 25th highest mountain on earth and the 10th highest in Pakistan. It is the highest peak of the Batura Muztagh which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range. It forms the apex of the Batura Wall which is a continuously high part of the backbone of the Batura Muztagh.Alternate forms of the name of this peak are Batura Batura I and Batura I East.
 Janq'u Qullu (Aymara janq'u white qullu mountain white mountain hispanicized spelling Anco Collo) is a mountain in the Bolivian Andes about 5460 metres (17913 ft) high. The mountaineer Evelio Echevarría described it as a pure white mountain. It lies in the Kimsa Cruz mountain range near Wallatani Lake. It is situated in the La Paz Department at the border of Inquisivi Province and Loayza Province south east of the mountains Jach'a Khunu Qullu Wayna Khunu Qullu and San Luis.
 The Bellecôte is a mountain in the Vanoise Massif in the Graian Alps lying in the northern part of the Vanoise National Park and dominating the Peisey-Nancroix valley in Savoie. The north face is immense and austere whereas the south face is more accessible.The resort of La Plagne lies on one side of the Bellecôte.
 Piz Badus or Six Madun is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps lying on the border between the cantons of Uri and Graubünden. In its northwestern face which is the Graubünden side lies Tomasee source of the Anterior Rhine. It is possible to reach the lake on a path from Oberalp Pass suitable for most walkers although still a mountain trail.
 The River Teith in Scotland flows from the north-west into the River Forth near Drip north-west of Stirling.
 The Uncompahgre River is a tributary of the Gunnison River approximately 75 mi (121 km) long in southwestern Colorado in the United States. Lake Como at 12215 ft (3723m) in northern San Juan County in the Uncompahgre National Forest in the northwestern San Juan Mountains is the headwaters of the river. It flows northwest past Ouray Ridgway Montrose and Olathe and joins the Gunnison at Confluence Park in Delta.The river forms Poughkeepsie Gulch and the Uncompahgre Gorge.
 Barrett Mountain is a mountain located in south-central New Hampshire within the Wapack Range of mountains. It lies within the town of New Ipswich and is traversed by the 22-mile (35 km) Wapack Trail. Kidder Mountain is located directly to the north along the Wapack ridgeline; New Ipswich Mountain to the south. The summit of the mountain is mostly wooded. A cross-country ski area occupies the north side of Barrett Mountain.
 The Racetrack Playa or The Racetrack is a scenic dry lake feature with sailing stones that inscribe linear racetrack imprints. It is located above the northwestern side of Death Valley in Death Valley National Park Inyo County California U.S..
 The Großer Müllroser See is a lake in Brandenburg Germany. It is located in the district Oder-Spree between the town Müllrose in the north and the municipality Mixdorf in the south. The lake covers an area of 132 km².
 Kleinwaltersdorfer Bach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Łarpia is an eastern branch of Oder in the town of Police Poland. The name of the river is an origin of the Łarpia Sail Festival.
 The Weißwandspitze (Italian: Parete Bianca; German: Weißwandspitze) is a mountain in the Stubai Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Kepaluškalins (also known as Pilės or Kaltinėnai Mound) is a mound located in Šilalė district close to Kaltinėnai town in Pilės village. It is thought to be founded in the beginning of 2nd millennium AD. The size of the mound and the dimensions of its defence fortifications show that during the wars with Crusaders there was one of the strongest castles in Žemaitija and the centre of Kaltinėnai land defence as well as administration on Kepaluškalnis.
 Levant Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. Together with Tina's Fissure and George's Bottom Cave Levant Cave is part of a close group of three caves at the southern end of the Upper Rock Nature Reserve.The Levant series of caves consists of Levant Cave George's Bottom Cave and Gibbon's Cave. Levant Cave was discovered in a similar way to Lower St. Michael's Cave as they were both discovered during military tunnelling.
 Mount Wade is a massive mountain in Antarctica. It is the most distinctive landmark in its region and the highest in its range standing six kilometres northwest of Mount Campbell in the Prince Olav Mountains. The mountain is easily viewed from Shackleton Glacier or the Ross Ice Shelf.The mountain was discovered and photographed by Byrd on flights to the Queen Maud Mountains in November 1929. It was named by US-SCAN for F.
 The Cireș River is a tributary of the Coțatcu River in Romania.
 Douglas Pass (elevation 8268 feet) is a mountain pass in Colorado traversed by State Highway 139. It is not an especially high summit relative to other Colorado passes and the road though reasonably steep on the south side (7%) has no tight spots and only a few switchbacks. The summit gives an unusual view of the northeast face of the LaSal Mountains (twelve peaks over 12000 feet) at 95 air miles away in Utah.
 The Cigher River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania. The Tauț dam is located on the Cigher River.
 Kent Peak at 11664 feet (3555 m) high is the second highest peak in the Boulder Mountains of Idaho. Located on the border of Blaine and Custer counties Kent Peak is about 0.75 miles (1210 m) south of the range's highest point Ryan Peak. The peak is also on the border of Sawtooth National Recreation Area and Salmon-Challis National Forest.
 The Dara River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 The Northern Styrian Alps (Steirische Nordalpen in German) are a mountain range located in Austria.
 The Osha is a river in Omsk Oblast Russia a tributary of the Irtysh River.
 The Dourados River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Lower Kama Reservoir or Nizhnekamsk Reservoir (Russian: Нижнекамское водоранилище Tatar Cyrillic: Түбән Кама сусаклагычы Latin: Tübän Kama susaqlağıçı) is the lowest reservoir from the Kama River hydroelectric cascade. It is situated in Tatarstan Udmurtia Bashkortostan and Perm Krai Russian Federation. The reservoir was filled in 1978-81 up to 62 m above sea level after the construction of dam of the Lower Kama Hydroelectric Station.
 The Fâneața Mare River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Harp Lake is a lake in north-central Labrador Canada.
 The Magog River is a river that drains Lake Memphremagog. In turn the river drains into the Saint-François River.The cities of Sherbrooke and Magog Quebec lie on the Magog River.Engineers from the University of Sherbrooke have constructed a plastic bridge on the river.[citation needed]
 Lough Tay is a small but scenic lake set in the Wicklow Mountains in County Wicklow Ireland. It lies between the mountains of Djouce and Luggala and is most easily viewed from above from the R759 or the Wicklow Way as it descends past the J. B. Malone memorial.
 The Great Orme (Welsh: Y Gogarth or Pen y Gogarth) is a prominent limestone headland on the north coast of Wales next to the town of Llandudno. It is referred to as Cyngreawdr Fynydd in a poem by the 12th-century poet Gwalchmai ap Meilyr. Its English name derives from the Viking (Old Norse) word for sea serpent which it is said to resemble. Gogarth mean elm in Welsh as Orme in Norman.
 Rantemario (Indonesian: Bulu Rantemario) is a mountain located in the province of South Sulawesi Sulawesi Indonesia. At 3478 metres (11411 ft) it is the highest mountain on the island although some sources state Mount Rantekombola as the highest point.[citation needed]
 The Abaeté River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil. Its origin is in the Serra da Canastra about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north of São Gotardo and it passes through São Gonçalo do Abaeté. The river runs nearly north and empties into the São Francisco River the confluence being located at 18°2′15″S 45°11′14″W. The Pontal area at the Abaeté River mouth is an important spawning site for fish.
 The Valea Cucii River is a tributary of the Lozna River in Romania.
 The Gairdner River is located in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.
 The Mărtoiu River is a tributary of the Brusturetul River in Romania.
 The Pickerel River is a river in the Canadian province of Ontario. Essentially a secondary arm of the larger French River system the river extends from its headwaters in the Loring and Restoule area of the Almaguin Highlands in the northern part of Parry Sound District to Georgian Bay. Smaller channels near Wanikewin and Hartley Bay also connect the river directly to the main watercourse of the French River.
 The Valea Oțețelei River is a tributary of the Tămaşul river in Romania.
 The Río Mameyes is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Grand Bras River is a river of Grenada.
 Lindquist Lake is a freshwater lake in northeastern Wisconsin.
 Emse is a river of Thuringia Germany. It is a left tributary of the Hörsel.
 Hermitage Peak is a 2313 metres (7589 ft) peak in British Columbia Canada. Its line parent is Constable Peak 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) away.It is part of the Tower of London Range of the Muskwa Ranges in the Canadian Rockies.
 Iru Phutunqu (Aymara iru spiny Peruvian feather grass phutunqu a small vessel or a hole pit crater hispanicized spellings Iru Putuncu Irruputuncu Iruputuncu) is a stratovolcano which lies on the border of Chile and Bolivia. On the Chilean side it is situated in the Tarapacá Region.
 Loch Snizort is a sea loch in the northwest of the Isle of Skye between the Waternish and Trotternish peninsulas. It is fed by the River Snizort originating in the hills east of Bracadale. The mouth of Loch Snizort gives access to the lower Minch and contains the Ascrib Islands.Sea fishing in Loch Snizort yields mackerel pollock and ling.
 Shipman Knotts is a fell in the English Lake District in Cumbria England. It reaches a height of 587 m (1926 ft) and is situated in one of the quieter areas of the national park two kilometres north east of Kentmere village. Although not one of the best known Lake District fells and strictly speaking it is just the southern shoulder of Kentmere Pike it earned a separate chapter in Alfred Wainwright’s Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells due to “Its characteristic roughness ...
 The Siriu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Siriu Mare and Siriu Mic
 Black Run is a 3.9-mile-long (6.3 km) tributary of Paxton Creek in Dauphin County Pennsylvania in the United States.Black Run is born in upper Susquehanna Township and joins Paxton Creek 6.3 miles (10.1 km) from the Susquehanna at Harrisburg.
 Conewango Creek is a 71-mile-long (114 km) tributary of the Allegheny River in Pennsylvania and western New York in the United States.The creek's drainage covers much of southeastern Chautauqua County New York and southwestern Cattaraugus County New York. The creek's most notable tributary is the Chadakoin River which supplies the creek water from Chautauqua Lake. Its watershed is bounded by the Chautauqua Ridge a continental divide.
 Brandywine Creek is a tributary of the Cuyahoga River that is partly contained in Cuyahoga Valley National Park in Ohio.
 The Piscataquis River is a major tributary of the Penobscot River found in Piscataquis County Maine United States. It starts from the confluence of its East Branch and West Branch (45°16′54″N 69°35′24″W) in Blanchard. The river flows in a mostly eastern direction until it meets the Penobscot at Howland. It is approximately 65 miles (105 km) in length.The United States government maintains three river flow gauges on the Piscataquis river.
 Cliff Lake is a lake in Summit County Utah United States located in the Henrys Fork Basin of the Uinta Mountains near Mount Powell.
 Avachinsky (also known as Avacha or Avacha Volcano or Avachinskaya Sopka) (Russian: Авачинская сопка Авача) is an active stratovolcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula in the far east of Russia. It lies within sight of the capital of Kamchatka Krai Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky.
 The Plattenhörner are a multi-summited mountain of the Swiss Silvretta Alps overlooking the Vereina Pass in the canton of Graubünden. The main summit has an elevation of 3220 metres above sea level and is located three kilometres west of Piz Linard.
 The River Feale (An Fhéil or Abhainn na Féile in Irish) rises near Rockchapel in the Mullaghareirk Mountains of County Cork in the southwest of Ireland and flows northwestwards for 75 kilometres through Abbeyfeale in County Limerick and Listowel in County Kerry before finally emptying into the Mouth of the Shannon by Ballybunion.Then it flows out through the Shannons estary and joins with the atlantic ocean.
 Mörtsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden. It is located in Tyresta National Park.
 Canaan Valley (local /kəˈneɪn/) is an oval bowl-like upland valley in northeastern Tucker County West Virginia USA. Within it are extensive wetlands and the headwaters of the Blackwater River which spills out of the valley at Blackwater Falls. It is a well-known and partially undeveloped scenic attraction and tourist draw associated with the Canaan Valley Resort State Park and the Blackwater Falls State Park.Canaan Valley was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1974.
 Horse Thief Lake is a lake in Pennington County South Dakota. It is approximately two miles northwest of Mount Rushmore the closest lake to the monument. It appears to be the lake seen north of Mount Rushmore in the 2007 Disney movie National Treasure 2: Book of Secrets when the entrance to the secret golden city of Cibola is found. However the lake that is actually in the film is nearby Sylvan Lake which is just five miles southwest of Mount Rushmore.
 Mont Puke is the highest point of the French Polynesian island territory of Wallis and Futuna at an altitude of 524 metres (1719 ft).
 The Derby Canal ran 14 miles (23 km) from the Trent and Mersey Canal at Swarkestone to Derby and Little Eaton and to the Erewash Canal at Sandiacre in Derbyshire England. The canal was authorised by an Act of Parliament in 1793 and was fully completed in 1796. It featured a level crossing of the River Derwent in the centre of Derby. An early tramroad known as the Little Eaton Gangway linked Little Eaton to coal mines at Denby.
 Traipu River is a river of Alagoas and Pernambuco states in eastern Brazil.
 The River Batherm is a river which flows through Somerset and Devon in England. The river rises south of the Clatworthy Reservoir near the village of Sperry Barton. It continues through the villages of Blackwell Batherm Bridge Petton and Shillingford before it joins the River Exe just over a mile downstream from Bampton.
 The Sheeffry Hills or Sheeffry Mountains (from Irish: Cnoic Shíofra meaning hills of the wraith) is a range of hills in County Mayo Ireland. It is bounded to the west by Glencullin Lough and Doolough; to the south by Glenummera and Tawnyard Lough; to the east by Owenmore Glen and to the north by the Bunowen River.The highest peak is Barrclashcame (772 m).
 Brückenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Jūra is a river in western Lithuania and a right tributary of the Nemunas. It mostly follows a meandering and natural course although two concrete dams of hydroelectric power plants prevent paddling as do dense vegetation in its upper reaches and large stones.The river's name comes from the Lithuanian word jūra which means sea. Towns on the Jūra include Tauragė Rietavas Kvėdarna and Pajūris.
 Serga River (Russian: Серга) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 38 km in length. The Serga River originates from the Lake Sergozero and flows into the Varzuga River.
 The Rein da Medel (Italian: Reno di Medel; German: Medelser Rhein) is the longest headwater of the Rhine. It is located in the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Graubünden and flows through the valleys Val Cadlimo and Val Medel. Rein da Medel is the local Sursilvan (i.e. Romansch) name in Graubünden which is commonly used to denote the Ticino part as well.The most important places along the river are the villages Curaglia and Platta in the municipality of Medel.
 Qullpa Jawira (Aymara qullpa saltpeter mayu river saltpeter river hispanicized spelling Kollpa Jahuira) is a Bolivian river east of Poopó Lake in the Oruro Department Challapata Province Challapata Municipality and in the Santiago de Huari Municipality (which is identical to the Sebastián Pagador Province). It originates near the mountain Ch'iyar Jaqhi north east of Jatun Wila Qullu and flows in a north eastern direction.
 The Giula River is a tributary of the Borşa river in Romania.
 The Sturgeon River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in the census divisions No. 15 and No. 16 Saskatchewan Canada. It flows from its source in Prince Albert National Park to the North Saskatchewan River just west of Prince Albert.
 The Wainuiora River is a river of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is an upper tributary of the Wainuioru River.
 Lake Aldwell was a reservoir located about 4.9 miles (7.9 km) from the mouth of the Elwha River on the Olympic Peninsula in the state of Washington. The reservoir was created in 1913 behind the Elwha Dam and fully removed in 2012. The Elwha Dam blocked 70+ miles of fish habitat for Pacific Salmon and steelhead within Olympic National Park.
 The De la Laguna River is a river of Chile.
 The Pașcu River is a tributary of the Tarcău River in Romania.
 The Bolați River or Drăxeni River is a tributary of the Rebricea River in Romania.
 The Vulpea River is a tributary of the Vărbilău River in Romania.
 Dollar Lakes are a group of three glacial tarns in the Ruby Mountains in Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. They are located near the head of Lamoille Canyon at approximately 40°35′30″N 115°23′6″W and at an elevation of 9610 feet (2930 m). They have a combined area of approximately 3 acres (1.2 hectares) and an estimated depth of up to 15 feet (5 m). The Ruby Crest National Recreation Trail runs along the western shore of the lakes.
 Grumbach (Werra) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Hohgwächte is a mountain of the Pennine Alps situated near Randa in Valais. It belong to the Mischabel massif and is located west of the Dom and the Festijoch
 The Prejbuța River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Muganja hills (French: Monts Mugandja) are a range in the Tanganyika District of Katanga Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the south of Kalemie.The Kyimbi River originates in the Muganja plateau at a height of 6560 feet (2000 m).It has a series of falls over a distance of 2 miles (3.2 km) with the largest 300 to 500 feet (91 to 152 m) high.The total drop is over 2500 feet (760 m).The Muganja massif contains the Lukuga coalfield near Kalemie.The Muganja hills lie to the north of the Marungu massif which as of 2008 had almost all been converted to farmland or pasture.However the Muganja hills in 2008 were surrounded by a large area of Miombo woodland and riverine forest.A survey that year found evidence of chimpanzee baboon blue monkey and bushpig in the forest to the north of the hills.About 59 chimpanzees were estimated to be present.
 The Măgheruș (also: Aluniș Hungarian: Magyarós-patak) is a small river in the Gurghiu Mountains Harghita County central Romania. It is a left tributary of the river Mureş. It flows through the municipality Topliţa and joins the Mureș in the town Toplița where it is channelized. Its name is from the Hungarian mogyoró and means Nutty Creek.
 Mount Cammerer is a mountain on the northeastern fringe of the Great Smoky Mountains in the Southeastern United States. The mountain is situated on the state line between Cocke County Tennessee and Haywood County North Carolina. The Appalachian Trail traverses Cammerer's south slope and a restored fire lookout at the summit offers panoramic views of the eastern Smokies Cocke County and the Blue Ridge Mountains.Although a narrow ridge connects Mt.
 The Beal is a small river in Greater Manchester England and is a tributary of the River Roch. It rises in the Beal Valley in green space between Sholver and Royton before continuing northwards through Shaw and Crompton Newhey Milnrow and Belfield.
 Piz Boval is a mountain of the Bernina Range located north of Piz Bernina in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It lies on the ridge that separate the Val Roseg (west) from the valley of the Morteratsch Glacier (east).
 The Ceahod River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
 Fern Lake is an alpine lake in Larimer County Colorado United States. It is a major source for the Big Thompson River.
 Urubaxi River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Giétro Glacier or Giétroz Glacier (French: Glacier du Giétro) is a 4 km long valley glacier located in south-western Switzerland. The 1818 Giétro Glacier catastrophe which led to lake outburst flood is one of the most famous and most disastrous historical cases in the Swiss Alps.
 The Snoqualmie River is a 45-mile (72 km) long river in King County and Snohomish County in the U.S. state of Washington. The river's three main tributaries are the North Middle and South Forks which drain the west side of the Cascade Mountains near the town of North Bend and join near the town of Snoqualmie just above the Snoqualmie Falls.
 Logging Mountain (8566 feet (2611 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Logging Mountain rises more than 4700 feet (1400 m) above Logging Lake.
 The Green Island River is a river of Jamaica.
 Ozren (Serbian Cyrillic: Озрен) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Sokobanja. Its highest peak Leskovik has an elevation of 1174 meters above sea level. Ozren is well-forested and attractive as a picnic ground for visitors to the Soko spa.
 Lake Nooney is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is east of Mount Custer and .50 miles (0.80 km) west of Lake Wurdeman. The Herbst Glacier is located above the lake to the northwest. Rock flour (silt) from melting glaciers make the lake appear opaque turquoise in color.
 The Preto River (Rio do Peixe) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Sororopán-tepui is a 10-kilometre (6.2 mi) long ridge in Bolívar state Venezuela. It has a maximum elevation of around 2050 m (6730 ft) and its densely forested slopes cover an estimated area of 30 km2 (12 sq mi). The ridge has a southwest–northeast orientation and is characterised by a steep southern face. Part of the Ptari Massif it lies just south of Carrao-tepui and neighbouring Ptari-tepui.
 The Donald River is a river in the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand. It flows southeast from the Kaweka Ranges in the Kaweka Forest Park reaching the Tutaekuri River 20 kilometres west of Napier.The New Zealand Department of Conservation maintains a tramping track alongside the river.
 The Guaji River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 Chiquito River (Spanish: Río Chiquito) is a river in the municipality of Ponce Puerto Rico. This river feeds into Río Portugues in the sector called Parras. It has its origin in the mountains west of Montes Llanos. Chiquito River is fed by Quebrada del Pastillo. This river is one of the 14 rivers in the municipality of Ponce.
 Mount Minamikoma (南駒ヶ岳 Minamikoma-ga-take) is a mountain located on the border between Okuwa Kiso District and Iijima Kamiina District Nagano Prefecture in the Chūbu region of Japan. It is 2841 m (9321 ft) tall and part of the Kiso Mountains. It is also included on the list of 200 Famous Japanese Mountains.
 Cloyne Cave is a cave located near the town of Cloyne County Cork Ireland. It is the longest cave in County Cork.
 The Petriceni River or Cetatea de Piatră River is a tributary of the Caşin River in Romania.
 Kekulé is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies just to the west-southwest of the larger crater Poynting on the edge of the ejecta skirt surrounding the walled plain Hertzsprung to the southeast.The outer rim of Kekulé displays some degradation due to impact erosion but is for the most part intact. The rim is roughly circular with the greatest wear along the northeast rim. There a small crater lies along the rim edge.
 The Rangitane River is a short river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows east to reach the Tahoranui River 10 kilometres north of Kerikeri.
 The Afon Honddu is a river in the county of Powys mid Wales. It rises on Mynydd Epynt and flows southwards to join the River Usk at Brecon (Welsh: Aberhonddu). The river has no major tributaries but acquires numerous streams during its 11-mile course. The valley of the Honddu is followed by the B4520 road which runs north from Brecon to Builth Wells.
 The Râul Târgului or Pârâul Târgului is a tributary of the Șomuzul Mare River in Romania. It crosses the city of Fălticeni.
 The Bear River is a 22.7-mile-long (36.5 km) tributary of the Yampa River. Its source is in the Flat Tops Wilderness above Stillwater Reservoir in Garfield County Colorado. The Bear River flows northeast into Routt County and joins the Yampa River just east of the town of Yampa.
 Tobeatic Lake is a lake of the Region of Queens Municipality in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Loon Lake is a glacial lake found in northern Lake County Illinois United States. It comprises three lakes; East Loon West Loon and North Loon. (North Loon is not connected). It is located near the town of Antioch IL near the intersection of Route 83 and Grass Lake Rd. It is home to many different species of fish birds reptiles and amphibians. Some of which are endangered species included but not limited to the blacknose shiner.
 Tonawanda Creek is a creek in Central Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and is a right tributary of the Big East River.
 Paintbrush Divide is a pedestrian mountain pass located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Situated at approximately 10720 ft (3270 m) above sea level the pass can be accessed from the east by way of the Paintbrush Canyon or Cascade Canyon Trails and involves a nearly 4000 ft (1200 m) altitude gain.
 The Răcătău River is a tributary of the Someșul Rece River in Romania.
 Lough Erne or Loch Erne (pronounced lokh airn from Irish: Loch Éirne) is the name of two connected lakes in County Fermanagh Northern Ireland. It is the second-biggest lake system in Northern Ireland and Ulster and the fourth biggest in Ireland. The lakes are widened sections of the River Erne which flows north and then curves west into the Atlantic. The smaller southern lake is called the Upper Lough (as it is further up the river) or South Lough.
 Habighorster Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Royal is situated at the southern end of the Mount Royal Range in the Barrington Tops region of eastern Australia. It is part of the World Heritage Gondwana Rainforests of Australia. The lower sections of the mountain are made up of sedimentary rocks such as mudstones. A residual basalt cap appears at 1100 metres above sea level. It originated from the flow of the nearby Barrington Volcano. The mountain is partially in Mount Royal National Park and Barrington Tops National Park.
 The Otveş River ( Hungarian: Ölyves-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. Its name is from the Hungarian ölyv meaning hawk.
 Lai Blos or Lais Blos are two small lakes on Alp Flix at an elevation of 1960 m in the Grisons Switzerland. They are located near to Lai Neir. The alp is listed in the Inventory of Mire Landscapes of Particular Beauty and National Importance.
 Media Aqua Creek originally Aguaje de en Media a stream with its source in the Temblor Range at an unnamed spring 0.8 miles south of the San Luis Obispo County-Kern County boundary. It flows east-northeast to terminate in the Antelope Valley 3 miles southeast of the former Twisselmann Ranch.
 Möldri meri is a lake of Estonia.
 The Musenalper Grat (1785 m) is a mountain of the Uri Alps overlooking Niederrickenbach in the Swiss canton of Nidwalden. It lies on the range south of Lake Lucerne.A cable car links Niederrickenbach to the Ober Musenalp (1747 m) near the summit of the mountain.
 The Miners River is a river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is the largest river in the Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore. Miners River has its origin outside of the National Lakeshore north of Indian Town in the Hiawatha National Forest and flows 12.4 miles (20.0 km) into Lake Superior. Miners Lake and Miners Falls are found along the river. The river empties into Lake Superior at the western end of Miners Beach. It is popular for tourism and fishing.
 Bach von der Dickhecke is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The River Cocker is a river in the Lake District in North West England in the county of Cumbria. Its source is at the head of the Buttermere valley. It flows north through Buttermere and then Crummock Water through Lorton Vale to the town of Cockermouth where it joins the River Derwent. It is roughly 12 miles long.
 The Sachigo River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is a tributary of the Severn River.
 Hirmentaz (pronounced irminte) is a mountain in eastern France belonging to the Chablais Alps and located in the communes of Bellevaux Habère-Poche Habère-Lullin and Mégevette. Two ski stations have been set up on its slopes one also called Hirmentaz in the Bellevaux commune and the other called Domaine des Habères in the communes of Habère-Poche Habère-Lullin.
 Koshlong Lake is a lake in the municipalities of Highlands East and Dysart et al Haliburton County in Central Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin.Most of the lake is in geographic Glamorgan Township in Highlands East; only the very northwest tip is in geographic Dysart Township in Dysart et al.The primary inflow at the east is Koshlong Creek.
 Orava is a reservoir in northernmost Slovakia which is the largest lake in Slovakia (35.2 km²). It has been constructed between 1941 and 1953 as a dam built on the former two sources of the Orava river. Several former villages had to be inundated for this purpose. Probably the best known of them was Slanica the birthplace of the Slovak intellectual and cleric Anton Bernolák (Antonius Bernolacius).
 The River Gaunless is a river of County Durham in England.Its name was given by the Vikings who found no major uses for it and thus Gaunless meaning 'useless' became fixed.Formed just south of the village of Copley by the confluence of Arn Gill (to the south coming west from south of Langleydale Common) and Hindon Beck (to the north and coming east from Langleydale Common) the Gaunless wends its way east passing the settlements of Butterknowle Cockfield and Evenwood and through West Auckland before skirting the south and east of Bishop Auckland on its way to meet the River Wear.The Gaunless Viaduct built in 1825 was the tallest viaduct on the South Durham & Lancashire Union Railway.
 Babakin is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the southern part of the walled basin Fermi on the far side of the Moon. The crater rim is symmetrical circular and sharp-edged with only some minor erosion and a slight depression along the northern edge. The interior walls slope downward gently toward the center.
 Lohjanjärvi (Swedish: Lojo sjö) is a lake in Uusimaa region in southern Finland. The biggest part of the lake is located in the town of Lohja and smaller parts in the municipality of Karjalohja and in the town of Raasepori (Swedish: Raseborg). The lake drains into the Gulf of Finland through the Mustionjoki River (aka Karjaanjoki Swedish: Svartån). Together with Hiidenvesi that drains into it from north it is part of Karjaanjoki basin.
 The Burro Branco River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Oberscheider Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Gruppo della Carega is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2259 metres.
 The Taferlklaussee was created in 1716 by the damming of the Aurach Creek. The lake can be reached on foot by a 3.5-hour hike from the village of Altmünster in Upper Austria.The lake's clear water is of drinking water quality. In winter the lake is used for skating and curling.
 Geombongsan is a mountain in the city of Chuncheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 530.2 m (1740 ft).
 The Sinanishko Lake (Bulgarian: Синанишко езеро) is a lake in Pirin southwestern Bulgaria situated below the Sinanitsa Peak in the small Sinanitsa Cirque at an altitude of 2181 metres. With depth of 11.5 metres it is among the 10 deepest lakes in the mountain range. It has an elongated shape (175 x 80 m) and an area of 10100 square metres.
 The Beehive Mountain was named by George M. Dawson in 1886. It is located in the High Rock Range of the Canadian Rockies and is on the boundary between British Columbia and Alberta which follows the Continental Divide in this area.
 Laghi di Lavagnina are two artificial lakes in the municipalities of Casaleggio Boiro Mornese and Bosio in the Province of Alessandria Piedmont Italy.
 Gådeån is a river in Sweden.
 The Awuna River is a 200-mile (320 km) tributary of the Colville River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Located entirely within the National Petroleum Reserve it arises in a swamp north of Lookout Ridge in the North Slope Borough. It flows generally east to meet the larger river west of Angoyakvik Pass.
 Asbeke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Burgess 2599 m (8527 ft) is a mountain in Yoho National Park and is part of the Canadian Rockies. It is located in the southwest buttress of Burgess Pass in the Emerald River and Kicking Horse River Valleys.
 The Tiur River is a tributary of the Târnava River in Romania.
 The Brandberg (Damara: Dâures; Otjiherero: Omukuruvaro) is Namibia's highest mountain.
 Mons Hansteen is a mountain on the Moon also known as Hansteen Alpha (α) named after Christopher Hansteen. It is roughly triangular in shape and occupies an area about 30 km across on the western margin of Oceanus Procellarum southeast of the crater Hansteen and north of the dark-floored crater Billy. It is thought to be an extrusion of volcanic material that is younger than the crater Hansteen.
 Haro is the name of a river that flows through parts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and Punjab its valley in Abbottabad District in the North West Frontier Province of northern Pakistan identified with the Rigvedic Arjikiya. Its coordinates are 33°46'8 N and 72°14'43 E in DMS (Degrees Minutes Seconds) or 33.7689 and 72.2453 (in decimal degrees). Famous Khanpur Dam has been built on this river at Khanpur in the Haripur District to provide drinking water to the twin cities i.e.
 The Izvorul Războiului River is a tributary of the Pripor in Romania.
 Böön Tsagaan Lake (Mongolian: Бөөн Цагаан нуур) is a large saline lake in Bayakhongor province in the Gobi Desert of southern Mongolia. Böön Tsagaan Lake and the nearby Taatsiin Tsagaan Lake Adgiin Tsagaan Lake and Orog Lake are collectively designated a Ramsar wetland of international importance under the name Valley of the Lakes.
 Llunk'uti (hispanicized spelling Llongote) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5780 metres (18963 ft) high. It is situated in the Lima Region Yauyos Province in the districts Ayaviri Carania and Yauyos. Llunk'uti lies south of the mountain Qutuni and southeast of the mountain Wayna Qutuni and the lake Wask'aqucha (rectangle lake hispanicized Huascacocha).
 The Naches River is a tributary of the Yakima River in central Washington in the United States. Beginning as the Little Naches River it is about 75 miles (121 km) long. After the confluence of the Little Naches and Bumping River the name becomes simply the Naches River. The Naches and its tributaries drain a portion of the eastern side of the Cascade Range east of Mount Rainier and northeast of Mount Adams.
 .The Coyote Hills are a low mountain-hills range in Plumas County California.
 The Balmahorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located south of Zwischbergen (Val Divedro) in the canton of Valais. The Balmahorn belongs to the Weissmies massif.
 The Salto River (Paraíba) is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 Mount Beney is the largest of the La Grange Nunataks rising to 1000 m in the north part of Shackleton Range. It was roughly mapped by the Commonwealth Trans-Antarctic Expedition in 1957 and it was photographed from the air by U.S. Navy in 1967 and surveyed by the British Antarctic Survey (BAS) between 1968-71. It was named by the United Kingdom Antarctic Place-Names Committee (UK-APC) for Sgt. Ivor C.
 Lamaload Reservoir is a reservoir near Rainow Cheshire England (grid reference SJ972750). It lies in the South West Peak within the Peak District National Park to the west of the Goyt Valley and is fed by the River Dean. It serves Macclesfield which lies to its west. The reservoir and associated water treatment works are owned by United Utilities. Built between 1958 and 1964 by Costain Construction Company Lamaload was the first concrete reservoir in England.
 The Steelpoort River or Tubatse (Afrikaans: Steelpoortrivier) is a river in Limpopo Province South Africa. It flows northeastwards and is a right hand tributary of the Olifants River joining it at the lower end of its basin.
 String Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. The natural lake is located at the outflow of Leigh Lake. A small wetland area is on the northwest side of the lake and is prime moose habitat. A short half mile (.8 km) long creek connects String Lake to Jenny Lake to the south. The lake can easily be accessed by vehicle and a number of trails commence from the String Lake trailhead parking area.
 The Măru River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 The Armeni River is a tributary of the Secaș River (Târnava) in Romania.
 The Kit Fox Hills are a mountain range in Inyo County California.
 Hollins Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch.
 Kulovesi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is situated in the area of the towns Nokia and Sastamala in the Pirkanmaa region. The lake is part of the Kokemäenjoki basin. The lake Pyhäjärvi drains through the Nokianvirta River into the Lake Kulovesi from the west and the lake Kyrösjärvi through a chain of lakes (last one being Mahnalanselkä – Kirkkojärvi) and the Siuronkoski rapids from the north.
 The Providence Mountains are found in the eastern Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California U.S. The range reaches an elevation of 7162 feet (2183 m) at Edgar Peak and is home to the Mitchell Caverns Natural Preserve in the Providence Mountains State Recreation Area and the Mojave National Preserve.
 The Big Sandy River is an intermittent stream in Mohave and La Paz counties in northwestern Arizona in the United States. It begins where Cottonwood Wash and Trout Creek converge in the Hualapai Indian Reservation east of U.S. Route 93 then flows past Wikieup south of Kingman. It is 55.7 miles (89.6 km) long and joins the Santa Maria River to form the Bill Williams River at Alamo Lake State Park.
 The Tempé River is a river of Grenada.
 The River Otter rises in the Blackdown Hills just inside the county of Somerset England near Otterford then flows south for some 32 km through East Devon to the English Channel at the western end of Lyme Bay part of the Jurassic Coast a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The Permian and Triassic sandstone aquifer in the Otter Valley is one of Devon's largest groundwater sources supplying drinking water to 200000 people.
 Michinmahuida (Spanish pronunciation: [mitʃinmaˈwiða]) (alternate spellings Minchinmávida or Michimahuida) is a glaciated stratovolcano located in Los Lagos Region of Chile. It lies about 15 km east of Chaitén volcano and was extensively covered in ash during the 2008 eruption of Chaitén. The stratovolcano lies above the regional Liquine-Ofqui Fault zone and the ice-covered massif towers over the south portion of Pumalín Park. It has a summit elevation of 2450 meters above sea level.
 Mount POW/MIA is a mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska that has been dedicated to all the soldiers that are or have been given the status of Prisoner of War or Missing in Action (POW/MIA). The mountain is just north of Eklutna Lake and is west of Twin peaks and Bull Peak six miles southeast of Wasilla in Chugach State Park. There is a POW/MIA flag placed atop of Mount POW/MIA and is replaced annually by the Local Colony Army JROTC program during Memorial weekend in May.
 Mount Union is a mountain located in the Prescott National Forest in central Yavapai County Arizona. The mountain's summit is the highest point of the Bradshaw Mountains and of Yavapai County. Mount Union is flanked to the northeast by Mount Davis.
 The Hărpășești River is a tributary of the Bahluieț River in Romania.
 The Mga (Russian: Мга) is a river in Kirovsky and Tosnensky Districts of Leningrad Oblast in northwestern Russia. Mga is a left tributary of Neva River. The urban-type settlements of Mga and Pavlovo are located on the river. The length of the Mga is 93 kilometres (58 mi) and the area of its basin is 754 square kilometres (291 sq mi).
 The Smeești River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 The Ouémé River is a river in the countries of Benin and Nigeria. It flows into the Atlantic Ocean near the large city of Cotonou Benin (pop. 761000). Also known as the Weme River this river has its source in the Atakora Mountains of Benin. This river is about 300 miles (480 km) long and it flows past the towns of Carnotville and Ouémé to a large delta on the Gulf of Guinea near the seaport city of Cotonou.
 The Jid River is a tributary of the Dârjov River in Romania.
 The Süllberg is a ridge up to 198.2 m above sea level in the Calenberg Land near Springe in Hanover Region in the German state of Lower Saxony.
 For other meanings see trave in WiktionaryThe Trave (German pronunciation: [ˈtʁaːvə]) is a river in Schleswig-Holstein Germany. It is approximately 124 kilometres long running from its source near the village of Gießelrade in Ostholstein to Travemünde where it flows into the Baltic Sea. It passes through Bad Segeberg Bad Oldesloe and Lübeck where it is linked to the Elbe-Lübeck Canal. It is navigable for sea-going vessels from the Baltic to the Lübeck ports.
 The Deddick River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Valea Mesteacănului River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Folsom Peak el. 9334 feet (2845 m) is a mountain peak in the Washburn Range of Yellowstone National Park. The peak was named in 1895 by geologist Arnold Hague to honor David E. Folsom a member of the Cook–Folsom–Peterson Expedition of 1869. Folsom Peterson and Cook were some of the 1st explorers of the Yellowstone region to publish their exploration.
 The Monte Mutria is a mountain in the Matese mountain range part of the central-southern Apennines southern Italy. Having an altitude of 1822 m it is located in the eastern part of the massif on the boundary betwwwen Molise and Campania.Its peak commands the valleys of the rivers Tammaro easthwards Calore Irpino southwards Volturno westwards and the both the Tyrrhennian and the Adriatic Seas are visibile from it.
 Christopher Lake is a village located in the Rural Municipality of Lakeland No. 521. It is also the name of the large lake found approximately 2 km north and west of the village. The Village of Christopher Lake is recorded to have a population of 230 during the 2001 Canadian Census [1].
 Lake O'Hara is a lake at an elevation of 2115 m in the alpine area of Yoho National Park in the province of British Columbia on the western side of the Great Divide with the province of Alberta and Banff National Park to the east. The lake and the valley are accessible through a bus service that is run by Parks Canada or by a 11 km hike along a road with an elevation gain of approximately 500m.
 The Omoeroa River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest from its origins high in the Southern Alps 14 kilogtvui4lgcig koookd jodsysbfv means i like foodmetres north of Aoraki/Mount Cook reaching the Tasman Sea 12 kilometres west of Franz Josef.
 The Ciciana Mare River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
 The Lake Dysnai is the second largest lake in Lithuania. With average depth of only 6 m (20 ft) it is one of the shallowest lakes in Lithuania. It is located in the Ignalina district municipality about 3 km (1.9 mi) south from Dūkštas city. Dysnai is connected with the Lake Dysnykštis. Dysna River tributary to the Daugava River flows through the Lake Dysnai. Since 1988 the lake host annual festival Dysnai by workers of nearby Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant.
 Hamlin Peak is a 4756-foot (1450 m) mountain located in Baxter State Park in Piscataquis County Maine. Hamlin Peak is a northern spur of the greater Mount Katahdin massif and is flanked to the south by Baxter Peak and to the north by the Howe Peaks.
 Fourmile Canyon Creek or Four Mile Canyon Creek is a tributary of Boulder Creek. Its source is northwest of Boulder Colorado and flows through the northern part of the city for part of its length. It should not be confused with a similarly named stream that runs through Fourmile Canyon west of Boulder which was the site of a major wildfire in 2010.This stream rises west of the old mining settlement of Sunshine.
 The Batiscan River is located in La Mauricie administrative region in the Quebec province Canada. This river flows 196 km from Lake Édouard in Mauricie south and west to empty into the St. Lawrence River at Batiscan Quebec northeast of Trois-Rivières Quebec.
 The Aluniș River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mijlociu in Romania.
 The Angel Glacier flows down the north face of Mount Edith Cavell in Jasper National Park Canada. It is named as such because it has the appearance of an angel with out-swept wings. It was much larger when it was named in the 19th-century but as with most glaciers worldwide it is melting rapidly.
 Geassájávri or Sommervannet is a lake in Deatnu-Tana Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 5.66-square-kilometre (2.19 sq mi) lake lies about 20 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of the village of Tana bru and the Tana River.
 The Poquoson River is an 11.7-mile-long (18.8 km) mostly tidal river in the state of Virginia. The river is an arm of Chesapeake Bay entering just south of the mouth of the York River.The river flows primarily through York County rising south of Yorktown to the west of U.S. Route 17 and flowing south to Harwoods Mill Reservoir where it turns east flows under Route 17 and becomes tidal.
 The Sprague River is a tributary of the Williamson River approximately 75 miles (121 km) long in southwestern Oregon in the United States. It drains an arid volcanic plateau region east of the Cascade Range in the watershed of the Klamath River.It is formed by the confluence of its north and south forks in eastern Klamath County approximately 35 miles (56 km) east-northeast of Klamath Falls at 42.437650°N 121.109435°W﻿ / 42.437650; -121.109435﻿ (Sprague River source).
 The Râul Luncii is a tributary of the Camenca River in Romania.
 The Tug Fork is a tributary of the Big Sandy River 159 miles (256 km) long in southwestern West Virginia southwestern Virginia and eastern Kentucky in the United States. Via the Big Sandy and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.It is also known as the Tug Fork River.
 The Secătura Mare River is a headwater of the Filioara River in Romania.
 Kef Toghobeit is a very deep cave in Chefchaouen Province Tangier-Tétouan in northern Morocco. The cave is nearly four kilometres long and over 700 metres deep.
 The Aluniș River is a river in Romania tributary of the Săcuieu River.
 Kumpgraben is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Carp River is a 10.3-mile-long (16.6 km) river in Gogebic and Ontonagon counties in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 The Manistee River in the U.S. state of Michigan runs 190 miles (310 km) through the northern Lower Peninsula through the villages of Sharon Smithville and Mesick and enters Lake Michigan at Manistee. It is considered like the nearby Au Sable River to be one of the best trout fisheries east of the Rockies.The river rises in the sand hills in southeastern Antrim County on the border with Otsego County about 6 miles (10 km) southeast of the town of Alba.
 The Rotunda River is a tributary of the Bistriţa Aurie River in Romania.
 The Gardner River (also known as the Gardiner River) is a tributary of the Yellowstone River approximately 25 miles (40 km) long in northwestern Wyoming and south central Montana in the United States. The entire river is located within Yellowstone National Park. It rises on the slope of Joseph Peak Gallatin Range in the northwestern part of the park and winds southeast through Gardner's Hole a broad subalpine basin which is a popular trout fishing location.
 The Beli Timok (Cyrillic: Бели Тимок; White Timok) is a headwater of the Timok River in Serbia. It starts at the junction of the Svrljiški Timok River and the Trgoviški Timok River in Knjaževac. It was also known as Knjaževački Timok (Cyrillic: Књажевачки Тимок; Timok of Knjaževac).The river continues to the north almost in a straight line parallel to the Serbian-Bulgarian border on the east and the eastern slopes of the mountain Tupižnica on the west.
 Sentinel Dome is a granite dome in Yosemite National Park United States. It lies on the south wall of Yosemite Valley 0.8 miles (1.3 km) southwest of Glacier Point and 1.4 miles (2.3 km) northeast of Profile Cliff.Sentinel Dome is known for a Jeffrey Pine that grew from its peak (see photograph). The pine was photographed as early as 1867 by Carleton Watkins and was the subject of a well-known photograph by Ansel Adams.
 Halfmoon Pass elevation 12523 ft (3817 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the La Garita Mountains of Colorado.
 The Río Daguao is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Carapelle is an Italian river whose source is north of Anzano di Puglia in the province of Foggia in Apulia. The river's source is near the border with the province of Avellino in Campania in the Appennino Napoletano Mountains. It curves eastward and flowing past Accadia before being joined by the Calaggio. The river then turns northeast and is joined by the Carapellotto before flowing past Ordona and Carapelle.
 Mount Hesperus is the highest peak of the Revelation Mountains the westernmost subrange of the Alaska Range. The Revelations are a small rarely visited range but they contain dramatic rock peaks rising from low bases. Mount Hesperus particularly impressive in terms of local relief: for example it drops over 7500 feet (2286m) in less than 2 miles on two sides.
 Prettyboy Reservoir occupies 206.5 sq/km of northern Baltimore County Maryland also known as the Hereford Zone. Even though the reservoir is located in the county the City of Baltimore owns the reservoir and the surrounding land of forested watershed. The reservoir is one of three reservoirs created to supply the Metropolitan Baltimore municipal water system for Baltimore City Baltimore County and northern Anne Arundel County constructed by the Baltimore City Department of Public Works.
 Clove Brook is a 12.0-mile-long (19.3 km) tributary of Papakating Creek in Sussex County New Jersey in the United States.Clove Brook previously known as Bastions Brook Clove Creek Clove River and Deep Clove River rises from north of Colesville and travels in a southeasterly direction predominantly on the north side of State Route 23 down through the Clove Valley toward Sussex Borough.
 Bekau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Gimone is a 136 km long river in south-western France left tributary of the Garonne. Its source is in the foothills of the Pyrenees near Lannemezan. It flows north through the following départements and towns: Hautes-Pyrénées Gers: Saramon Gimont Tarn-et-Garonne: Beaumont-de-LomagneThe Gimone flows into the Garonne near Castelsarrasin.
 Namal Lake is located in Rikhi a village on one corner of the Namal valley in Mianwali Punjab Pakistan. It was formed following the construction of Namal Dam in 1913. Namal Dam is situated some 32 km from Mianwali city. The lake has a surface area of 5.5 km². There are mountains on its western and southern sides. On the other two sides are agricultural areas.
 The Valea Pietrei River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania.
 The Nehalem Bay is a bay formed by the confluence of the Nehalem River into the Pacific Ocean in northern Oregon.The city of Nehalem (pop. 233 in July 2009) is situated on US Highway 101 between Garibaldi in the south and Cannon Beach in the north.West of the bay Nehalem Bay State Park is located on the sandspit separating the bay from the ocean where elk coyotes and several species of birds live. The park has a long beach where centuries-old Spanish shipwrecks can be found.
 Cliff Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 458 along the Queens River.Cliff Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Slide Lake is 0.08 mi (0.13 km) southwest and upstream of Cliff Lake.
 Mount Iō (硫黄山 Iō-zan) also Mount Iwo is a volcano in the Akan Volcanic Complex of Hokkaidō Japan. It sits within the borders of the town of Teshikaga. The mountain was once mined for sulphur hence its name. To the Ainu the mountain was known as Atosanupuri (naked mountain). The mountain is quite bare. Despite its bareness and being a rather low mountain at 508 metres (1667 ft) it hosts alpine plant life.
 Krąpiel is a river of Poland. It's a tributary of the Ina which it joins at Stargard Szczeciński.
 The Chiara River is a tributary of the Gota River in Romania.
 The Cosumnes River (often pronounced /kəˈsʌmniːz/) is a river in northern California in the United States. It rises on the western slope of the Sierra Nevada and flows approximately 52.5 miles (84.5 km) into the Central Valley emptying into the Mokelumne River in the Sacramento-San Joaquin Delta. Many locals pronounce the river kunsumniss inserting an n where there is none in the first syllable.
 The Cann River East Branch is a perennial river located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Mickey's Spire at 10680 feet (3260 m) above sea level is the fourth highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 0.24 mi (0.39 km) south-southwest of Thompson Peak its line parent. It is the 206th highest peak in Idaho.
 The River Saumache is a river of Grenada.
 The Doce River (Rio Grande do Norte) is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 East Temple Peak (exact height range is somewhere between 12605 to 12645 feet (3842 to 3854 m)) is located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Temple Peak is a little over 1 mile (1.6 km) northeast of Temple Peak and 1.5 mi (2.4 km) west of Wind River Peak. A small glacier clings to the northeast slopes of East Temple Peak. East Temple Peak is in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest.
 Kvennsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Ullensvang in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Grand Muveran is a mountain in the Bernese Alps. At 3051 metres it is the highest summit lying west of Pas de Cheville and the westernmost three-thousander of the Bernese Alps. It is located on the border between Vaud and Valais. On the latter side is the village of Ovronnaz where the easiest route to the summit starts via the Rambert Hut.
 Korab is a mountain range in Albania and Republic of Macedonia.The highest peak is Mount Korab (2764 m).sr:Планина Кораб
 Seemenbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Sineşti River is a tributary of the Boul River in Romania
 Nesselpfuhl is a lake in Uckermark Brandenburg Germany. Its surface area is 0.2140 km². It is located in the town of Lychen.
 Gibraltar Rock is a granite outcrop south of Perth in Western Australia and is in the Porongurup National Park. From the rock which is 2100 feet (640 metres) high Albany and the Great Southern Ocean can be seen. Since the 1970s the Rock along with some other local peaks has become a popular venue for rock climbers.
 Little Bolton Lake is a lake in the Hayes River drainage basin in Census Division No. 22 - Thompson-North Central Northern Region Manitoba Canada. The lake is about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) long and 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 224 metres (735 ft). The primary inflow and outflow is the Bolton River whose waters eventually flow into Gods Lake and via the Gods River and the Hayes River into Hudson Bay.
 Lago Garcia is a lake in the Province of Palermo Sicily Italy. At an elevation of 194 m its surface area is 5.07 km².
 Blazed Alder Creek is a tributary about 4 miles (6 km) long of the Bull Run River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of the system that provides drinking water to the city of Portland it flows generally north through a protected part of the Mount Hood National Forest in Clackamas and Multnomah counties. The creek is named after a 24-inch (61 cm) blazed (marked) alder tree that was used as a benchmark during early watershed surveys.
 Mistake Bay is a waterway in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in northwestern Hudson Bay by the old mining settlement and trading post of Tavani. Mistake Bay to the south of Wilson Bay has numerous islands and shoals. The mission Saint Francois Xavier was founded here in 1939 or 1940 by Father Dunleavy.
 Roanoke Creek is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 Medebach (Orke) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Cranstackie is a mountain of 801 m in Sutherland the northwestern tip of the Scottish Highlands. It is a Corbett located west of Loch Eriboll and northeast of Foinaven. Like Foinaven and Beinn Spionnaidh to the northeast its top is covered with loose broken quartzite. The slope is much steeper on the west side than the east but neither approach is easy due to the covering of loose rock.
 Laitaure is a lake in Lapland Sweden which is formed by the Rapa River.
 Bilberry Hill is one of the Lickey Hills in northern Worcestershire England 10.3 miles (16.5 kilometres) south west of Birmingham and 24 miles (38.5 kilometres) north east of Worcester. It stands above and to the west of the village of Cofton Hackett and is part of the Lickey Hills Country Park.The three hilltops comprising The Lickeys - Bilberry Hill Rednal Hill and Cofton Hill - form the northern extremity of the Lickey Ridge a formation of hard quartzite.
 The Sibiciu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Mount Elbert is the highest peak in the Rocky Mountains of North America. At 14440 feet (4401 m) it is the second-highest mountain in the contiguous United States (after Mount Whitney in California) the highest of the fourteeners of Colorado the fourteenth-highest mountain in the United States and the highest point of the Sawatch Range.
 Crystal Lake the largest lake of this name in Michigan is located near Lake Michigan in Benzie County about 25 miles (40 km) southwest of Traverse City and about 2 miles (3 km) northeast of Frankfort at 44°39′N 86°09′W. It measures approximately 2.5 by 8 miles (4 by 13 km) and has a maximum depth of 165 feet (50 m). At 9854 acres (40 km2) it is Michigan's ninth largest inland lake.
 The Kittatinny Mountains (Lenape: Kitahtëne) are a long ridge traversing across northwestern New Jersey running in a northeast-southwest axis. It is the first major ridge in the far northeastern extension of the Ridge and Valley province of the Appalachian Mountains and reaches its highest elevation (the state's highest) 1803 feet at High Point in Montague Township. The second ridge is Wallpack Ridge which reaches its highest elevation at 928 feet above sea level.
 The Gâsca River or Pârâul lui Gâscă is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The Waiwhakaiho River is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. One of many rivers and streams radiating from the slopes of Taranaki/Mount Egmont it flows initially northeast before veering northwest to reach the Tasman Sea close to the New Plymouth suburb of Fitzroy. Near the sea it is crossed by the coastal walkway connecting New Plymouth with Bell Block via the Te Rewa Rewa Bridge.
 The River Loxley is a river in the City of Sheffield South Yorkshire England. Its source is a series of streams which rise some 10 miles (16 km) in the north-west of Sheffield on Bradfield Moors and converge at Low Bradfield. It flows easterly through Damflask Reservoir and is joined by Storrs Brook at Storrs near Stannington and the River Rivelin at Malin Bridge before flowing into the River Don at Owlerton in Hillsborough.
 Massacre Peak a summit at an elevation of 5667 feet (1727 m) in the Cookes Range in Luna County New Mexico.
 The Solomon River (Pawnee: Kiicawiicaku ) often referred to as the Solomon Fork is a 184-mile-long (296 km) river in the central Great Plains of North America. The entire length of the river lies in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is a tributary of the Smoky Hill River.
 Beverly Lake (Inuktitut: Tipjalik it has driftwood) is a lake in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. It is located north of the Arctic tree line about 150 km (93 mi) northwest of Baker Lake Nunavut. The western half of the lake is within Thelon Wildlife Sanctuary. The Thelon River at the confluence with the Dubawnt River empties into the lake's southwestern bank. The Kazan River empties into the Thelon River at Beverly Lake's southeastern bank between Beverly and Aberdeen Lakes.
 Neger (Ruhr) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Kodaikanal Lake also known as Kodai Lake is a manmade lake located in the Kodaikanal city in Dindigul district in Tamil Nadu India. Sir Vere Henry Levinge the then Collector of Madurai was instrumental in creating the lake in 1863 amidst the Kodaikanal town which was developed by the British and early missionaries from USA.
 The Coliba River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 The Hansel Mountains are a 35 miles (56 km) long mountain range located in north Utah on the northern border of the Great Salt Lake.Located in northeast Box Elder County the southwest of the range abuts the Locomotive Springs State Wildlife Management Area; the northeast end of the range ends at a lower elevation divide between the North Hansel Mountains that lie on the Utah-Idaho border. Snowville lies on Deep Creek in the Sage Valley to the northwest.
 The Ishëm River is a river in western Albania. It forms part of a watercourse (Tiranë-Gjole-Ishëm) that measures 79 km but only the lower third of the watercourse is known as the Ishëm. The Ishëm proper is formed at the confluence of the rivers Gjole and Zezë a few km northwest of Fushë-Krujë. It flows into the Adriatic Sea near the town Ishëm.
 Bagana is an active volcano located in the central part of the island of Bougainville Papua New Guinea the largest island of the Solomon group. It is the most active volcano in the country. Just northeast of Bagana is the volcano crater lake Billy Mitchell. Bagana is one of 17 post-Miocene strato volcanos on Bougainville. U.S. General Floyd L. Parks flew over the Solomon Islands on 27 October 1948 and witnessed the eruption of Bagana.
 Soldier Summit is the name of both a mountain pass in the Wasatch Mountains in Utah and a ghost town located at the pass. Soldier Summit has been an important transportation route between the Wasatch Front and Price Utah since the area was settled by the Mormon pioneers. It is on the route of both U.S. Route 6 and the old main line of the Denver and Rio Grande Western Railroad (D&RGW) now owned and operated by the Union Pacific Railroad.
 Dry Creek is a 43.0-mile-long (69.2 km) stream in the California counties of Sonoma and Mendocino. It is a tributary of the Russian River with headwaters in Mendocino County.The Dry Creek Valley AVA is an American Viticultural Area.
 Lake Alice is a small lake at the eastern end of George Sound approximately 52 km north west of Te Anau in the Southland region of the South Island. The lake is fed by the Edith River and flows into George Sound via Alice Falls.
 Sperillen is a lake in Ådal in the Ringerike municipality of the county of Buskerud in Norway. The lake has an area of 37 km² is 108 meters deep at its deepest and lies at 150 meters above sea level.The rivers Begna from the valley of Begnadalen and Urula from the valley of Hedalen flow into the lake at the northern end on either side of the town of Nes i Ådal. At the southern end the outflow powers a hydro-electric power station at Ringmoen.
 Blackwater River is a 30.3-mile-long (48.8 km) river in Baldwin County Alabama. The Blackwater River originates at 30.63991°N 87.70221°W﻿ / 30.63991; -87.70221 near Loxley and discharges into the Perdido River at 30.48241°N 87.43525°W﻿ / 30.48241; -87.43525 near Lillian.
 Britton Hill is the highest natural point in the state of Florida USA with a summit elevation of 345 feet (105 meters) above mean sea level. Many Florida skyscrapers are taller; as of 2010 the roof of the Four Seasons Hotel Miami is the highest non-natural point in Florida. Topping out at 789 feet (240 m) the tower is more than twice as high as Britton Hill.
 The Păltiniș River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 Schnippenkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Svarvarnuten is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway.
 Chandra Taal (meaning the Lake of the Moon) or Chandra Tal is situated at an altitude of about 4300 metres (14100 ft) in the Himalayas. Mountains of scree overlook the lake on one side and a magnificent cirque presents a view on the other. The name of the lake originates from its crescent shape. Situated in the Spiti part of the Lahul and Spiti district of Himachal Pradesh (India) Chandra Taal is a popular destination for trekkers and campers.
 Lake Kivijärvi (South Karelia) is a medium-sized lake in South Karelia Eastern Finland with a total area of 76.4 square kilometres (29 sq mi). The name Kivijärvi is rather common name of the lake. In Finland there are 121 lakes with the same name. This one is the second biggest.
 The Cannonsville Reservoir is a reservoir in Delaware County New York that was formed by the Cannonsville Dam at the west end of the reservoir impounding over half of the West Branch of the Delaware River. It is the westernmost of New York City's reservoirs being at the western portion of the Delaware Watershed. Placed in service in 1964 it is the most recently constructed New York City-owned reservoir. The town of Cannonsville was destroyed to make room for the reservoir.
 Olallie Scenic Area is a United States Forest Service designated scenic area located in Oregon's Cascade Range. It is between Mount Hood on the north and Mount Jefferson to the south and contains Olallie Lake along with several smaller lakes. The name Olallie is Chinook Jargon for berry.
 This article is about Pinnacle Rock a mountain peak in Farmington Connecticut. For other landforms by the same name see Pinnacle (disambiguation).Pinnacle Rock 600 feet (180 m) is a traprock mountain peak located 10 miles (16 km) southwest of Hartford Connecticut in the towns of Farmington and Plainville.
 Steinberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Rugged Mountain is the apex of the Haihte Range on Vancouver Island British Columbia. From it several glaciers Nootka Sound Woss Lake and the Tlupana Range are in view.
 Piz Scharboda is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking the lake of Zervreila in the canton of Graubünden. It lies south of Piz Terri near the border with the canton of Ticino.
 Mount Celeste is the unofficial name for a mountain located on Vancouver Island British Columbia. It shares the name Celeste with two peaks in the Cariboo region of the BC Interior. Within the boundaries of Strathcona Provincial Park this peak lies at the north end of Rees Ridge. Iceberg Peak lies at the south end of this ridge.
 Murphy Lake is a reservoir in Haralson County Georgia United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 1093 feet (333 m).
 The Flüela Wisshorn is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps overlooking the Flüela Pass in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
 The Chigmit Mountains are a subrange of the Aleutian Range in the Kenai Peninsula and Lake and Peninsula Boroughs of the U.S. state of Alaska.
 The Ilieni River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Lake Tiroto is a lake on Atiu Island Cook Islands.
 The Whanaki River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southwest from its origins near Wellsford to reach the Tauhoa River an arm of the Kaipara Harbour.
 The Eure is a river in northern France left tributary of the Seine. It rises at Marchainville in the Orne département and joins the Seine near Pont-de-l'Arche. Two départements are named after the Eure namely Eure and Eure-et-Loir.Places along the river: Orne (61): Marchainville La Lande-sur-Eure Neuilly-sur-Eure. Eure-et-Loir (28): Courville-sur-Eure Saint-Georges-sur-Eure Fontenay-sur-Eure Chartres Saint-Prest Maintenon Nogent-le-Roi Mézières-en-Drouais Cherisy Anet.
 Mynydd Allt-y-grug is a 338-metre-high hill immediately west of Ystalyfera in the county borough of Neath Port Talbot in South Wales. Its twin summits are around 400m apart. The upper part of the hill is largely covered in heather whilst conifers clothe its western slopes and gorse bracken and bramble cover much of its rough landslipped eastern side which rises above the Swansea Valley drainage on this side flowing to the River Tawe.
 The Jolobidiul Mare River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
 The River Gadder is 6.4 miles (10.3 km) long and is a tributary of the River Wissey. It rises from a tiny headwater in the north-east of the parish of Cockley Cley in the English county of Norfolk. The river rises in a watermeadow 0.6 miles (0.97 km) north east of Home Farm.
 Dudváh ( Hungarian: Dudvág ) is a lowland river in western Slovakia. It is 97 km long with a basin of 1507 km² and with a flow of 1.3 m³/s near the village of Siladice. Its source is located in the Čachtice Little Carpathians and it mostly runs in parallel to the Váh river. Dudváh flows into the old branch of the Čierna Voda river which in turn flows into the Little Danube river.
 The Buceș River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Gittruper See is a lake in Münsterland North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 40 m its surface area is .
 Gresel (Giesel) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Căliman River is a tributary of the Baicu River in Romania.
 The North Fork Salmon River is a 24-mile (39 km) tributary of the Salmon River flowing through east-central Idaho in the United States. It joins the Salmon River about 20 miles (32 km) north of the town of Salmon in Lemhi County.
 Lake Evans is a manmade recreational lake in Kern County California. It is the smaller of two lakes in the Buena Vista Aquatic Recreation Area southwest of Bakersfield. The lake is primarily a sailing and fishing lake with a speed limit of 5 miles per hour (8.0 km/h). The lake is located on the lakebed of the former Buena Vista Lake.
 A dock (from Dutch dok) is a human-made structure or group of structures involved in the handling of boats or ships usually on or close to a shore.However the exact meaning varies among different variants of the English language. Dock may also refer to a dockyard or shipyard where the loading unloading building or repairing of ships occurs.
 Castro Peak at 2826 feet (861 m) is the highest peak in the middle part of the Santa Monica Mountains and is in the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area. The town of Malibu is located to the southeast of the peak.The fire lookout tower that was once located on Castro Peak has been moved to Henninger Flats in the San Gabriel Mountains for display.
 Monte Carpegna is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 The Piraquê River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Gohan River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Valea Stejarului is a tributary of the Ceița River in Romania.
 The Chihaia River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania. It is located in the proximity of the Tismana Monastery. At the source of the river the Chihaia Fountain was constructed in the early 1900s. The fountain soon became a place visited by poet spending their summer in the Tismana area. In the proximity the Mystery alley was constructed leading to a megalithic monument.
 The Chiojdeanca River is a tributary of the Cricovul Sărat River in Romania.
 Kalajärvi Reservoir (Finnish: Kalajärven tekojärvi) is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is located in the city of Seinäjoki in Southern Ostrobothnia. The reservoir was built on the site of a smaller lake and finished in 1977.
 Round Pond is an 11-acre (45000 m2) reservoir in Duxbury Massachusetts. The reservoir is located northeast of Pine Lake northwest of Island Creek Pond and southwest of North Hill Marsh Pond. An inlet provides the inflow for this reservoir from Pine Lake. The reservoir is associated hydro logically with an adjacent cranberry bog operation.
 The Bărănelul River or Gigelu River is a tributary of the Râul Rece in Romania.
 The lake Sultartangarlón is situated in the Highlands of Iceland to the north of the volcano Hekla. It is a reservoir of the river Þjórsá. Its surface area is 20 km².Many reservoirs have been constructed and are being constructed in the highlands which raises questions in Icelandic society about the roles and interests of industry and environment.
 The Nambung River is a river in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia 170 kilometres (106 mi) north of Perth. The river drains an area between the towns of Cervantes and Badgingarra. In its lower reaches the Nambung River forms a chain of waterholes in the Nambung Wetlands where it disappears underground into a limestone karst system 5.5 kilometres (3 mi) from the Indian Ocean.
 The Leslie River is a river of the northwest of New Zealand's South Island. A tributary of the Karamea River the Leslie flows west from the Arthur Range meeting the Karamea 28 kilometres east of the town of Karamea. The river's entire length is within Kahurangi National Park.
 Lake Sentani is a tropical shallow and at low-altitude open lake located at the northeast extremity of the Intan Jaya Regency in the Indonesian province of Papua about 20 kilometres (12 mi) from the provincial capital Jayapura City.The lake which is considered by the local population as the home of the rainbows is part of the Cyclops Strict Nature Reserve and contains many species of fish that cannot be found anywhere else in the world.
 The Ocoliș is a small river in the Apuseni Mountains Alba County western Romania. It is a left tributary of the river Arieş. It flows through the municipality Ocoliș and joins the Arieș in the village Ocoliș. It is fed by several smaller streams including Pociovaliștea and Craca.
 Ribeira do Paul is a stream that flows in the northeastern part of the island of Santo Antão in Cape Verde. The stream flows from southwest to northeast.
 The Ciurlac River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Paltinul River is a tributary of the Capra River in Romania. It is one of the biggest rivers in Romainia. There are many legends surrounding it including the one of the Lizman. who is supposedly known for snatching and eating Children.[citation needed]
 The Prigor River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 The Papaloteca River is a river in Honduras.
 The Vertainspitze (Italian: Cima Vertana; German: Vertainspitze) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Mount Bishop is a mountain named in 1918 after W.A. Billy Bishop VC who was a Colonel and a Canadian fighter pilot awarded the Victoria Cross during World War I. It is located in the Elk Range of the Canadian Rockies and sits on the Continental Divide which forms the British Columbia-Alberta border in this area.
 The Willapa Hills is a geologic physiographic and geographic region in southwest Washington. When described as a physiographical province the Willapa Hills are bounded by the Pacific Ocean to the west the Columbia River to the south the Olympic Mountains to the north and the Cascade Range to the east. Some definitions place the Puget Lowland physiographic province east of the Willapa Hills.
 Lake Moondarra is an artificial lake on the Leichhardt River in Queensland Australia 16 km downstream from the town of Mount Isa. It provides water to the town and the adjacent Mount Isa Mines (MIM) mining lease.Construction began on the Leichhardt Dam in 1956 and was completed on 6 November 1958 at a cost of £1.7 million. The dam was built for Mount Isa Mines and at the time was the largest water scheme in Australia financed by private enterprise.
 The Torrone di Nav is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located east of Olivone in the canton of Ticino. On its northern side it overlooks the lake of Luzzone.
 The Tongaporutu River is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. It initially flows north from its origins near Tahora turning west to reach the Tasman Sea coast close to the settlement of Tongaporutu 15 kilometres south of Mokau.
 Cima Valmora is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps. The mountain has an elevation of 2198 metres.
 The Saint Francis River is a 79.0-mile-long (127.1 km) tributary of the Elk River in east-central Minnesota in the United States. Via the Elk River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area historically characterized by mixed hardwood and coniferous forests on flat to rolling till plains.The St.
 The São Francisco River (Marrecas River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Clickimin Loch is a loch in Shetland Scotland west of Lerwick. A Pictish fort from the 700s called Clickimin Broch is located on a small islet at the southern end of the loch.Clickimin Leisure Centre is at the north of the loch.
 Smith Sound is an uninhabited Arctic sea passage between Greenland and Canada's northernmost island Ellesmere Island. It links Baffin Bay with Kane Basin and forms part of the Nares Strait.The sound was discovered in 1616 by William Baffin and originally named Sir Thomas Smith's Bay after the English diplomat Sir Thomas Smyth. By the 1750s it regularly appeared on maps as Sir Thomas Smith's Sound though no further exploration of the area would be recorded until John Ross' 1818 expedition.
 The Pârâul Rupturii is a tributary of the Pârâul lui Martin in Romania. The Duruitoarea Waterfall is located on this river.
 The Kenogami River is a river in the James Bay drainage basin in Thunder Bay and Cochrane districts in Northern Ontario Canada which flows north from Long Lake near Longlac to empty into the Albany River. The river is 320 kilometres (199 mi) in length and its name means long water in the Cree language. A portion of the river's headwaters have been diverted into the Lake Superior drainage basin.
 The Igapó River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Mount Iwaki (岩木山 Iwaki-san) is a stratovolcano located in western Aomori Prefecture Tohoku Japan. It is also referred to as Tsugaru-Fuji from its shape. the mountain is listed as one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains in a book composed in 1964 by mountaineer/author Kyūya Fukada. The mountain and its surroundings are located within the borders of Tsugaru Quasi-National Park.
 Tank Pond is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Alpercatas River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Ritz is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just beyond the eastern limb. This portion of the lunar surface is sometimes brought into view of the Earth under favorable conditions of libration and sunlight. The crater lies to the northwest of the prominent crater Sklodowska.This is a heavily worn and eroded crater formation that has not retained much of its original structure. The outer rim is an irregular circular ridge that surrounds the interior floor.
 Charleston Lake is located in South Eastern Ontario just north east of Gananoque. The lake is carved out of the Frontenac Axis a relatively narrow extension of the Canadian Shield bedrock which dominates the landscape of Northern Ontario. The lake is the principal watershed for the Gananoque River and boasts prime fishing locations.
 Copper Mine Gulch is a valley in Marin County California United States which is associated with a small stream.The stream descends the western slope of the Bolinas Ridge passing the mine from which it receives its name and flows through the town of Dogtown into the San Andreas Rift Valley. The creek then continues southwards and flows into Pine Gulch Creek.Most of Copper Mine Gulch is in the Golden Gate National Recreation Area.
 The Ceaușoaia River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
 Weißer See (Weisser See) is a lake in the Weissensee district of Berlin Germany. Its surface area is 8.3011ha (84000m2) and volume 360606m3. With a depth of 10.64m (average depth 4.34m) it is one of the deepest areas of water in Berlin. Its dimensions are approx. 300m East-West by 350m North-South.The lake and its surrounding landscape were shaped by the Weichsel ice age. It is embedded in the ground moraines of Niederbarnimer.
 The Waipekakoura River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows east to reach the Kerikeri River five kilometres west of Kerikeri.
 Loafers Lake is a lake in Brampton Ontario Canada. It is in the Lake Ontario drainage basin and lies on Etobicoke Creek.The lake is part of Loafers Lake Park a Brampton municipal park which also has a recreation centre with parking. The Etobicoke Creek Trail runs past the lake through the park.
 The Gutenstein Alps (German: Gutensteiner Alpen) are a mountain range in the Eastern Alps in Central Europe and the northeasternmost part of the Northern Limestone Alps reaching heights over 1000 m.
 The Pârâul lui Pricop is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Merratind is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Tyndall River is a river of Chile.
 Marikina River (Tagalog: Ilog ng Marikina) is a river in eastern Metro Manila Philippines. It is a tributary of Pasig River with headwaters located in the Sierra Madre Mountains in Rodriguez Rizal province. Marikina River used to be an important transport route during the Spanish colonial era but its importance as a transport route diminished when the Philippines' national highway system became more established.
 The Mattjisch Horn is a mountain of the Plessur Alps overlooking Langwies in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the valleys of Prättigau and Schanfigg.
 Benfe (Eder) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Königsseer Ache is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mont Rouge is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of Nendaz and Hérémence in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Nendaz and Hérémence on the chain north of the Rosablanche.
 Westernach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Cangati River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Ch'illkayuq Grande (Quechua ch'illka baccharis -yuq a suffix to indicate possession the one that has got baccharis or the one with baccharis Spanish grande large hispanicized name Chilcayoc Grande) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 3243 metres (10640 ft) high. It is situated in the Valley of the Volcanoes in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province Andagua District.
 Valentine Peak is a (11361-foot (3463 m)) mountain located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Valentine Peak is .42 mi (0.68 km) southeast of Valentine Mountain and 2.2 mi (3.5 km) northwest of Mount Chauvenet. Valentine Peak is in the Popo Agie Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest.
 The Otter River is a 10.0-mile-long (16.1 km) river in Houghton County Michigan in the United States. It was home to the last known population of Michigan Grayling. No grayling have been seen or caught in the river since 1938.
 Seckach (Jagst) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Auesee is a lake in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. Its surface area is 1.55 km².
 The Pustiu River is a tributary of the Bega Poieni River in Romania.
 The Sititelec River is a tributary of the Bicaci River in Romania
 Schrödinger is a large lunar impact crater of the form traditionally called a walled plain and is named after Erwin Schrödinger. It is located near the south lunar pole on the far side of the Moon and can only be viewed from orbit. The smaller crater Ganswindt is attached to the southwestern rim of Schrödinger and intrudes slightly into the inner wall. Adjacent to the South is the crater Nefed'ev.
 Hardtbach (Rhein) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Crișul Poienii River is a headwater of the Crişul Negru River in Romania. Some cartographers consider that this is the main course of the Crişul Negru River
 Pulmankijärvi is a medium-sized lake in the region of Lapland in Finland. The nortest part of the lake belongs to Norway.
 Locke Lake is a 149-acre (0.60 km2) water body located in Belknap County in central New Hampshire United States in the town of Barnstead. It is fed by Halfmoon Lake and drained by Webster Stream. It is surrounded by the Locke Lake Colony a private development. The lake is part of the Suncook River watershed flowing south to the Merrimack River.Locke Lake is private and there is no public access provided. A PDF map of Locke lake can be found here.
 Gail (Slovene: Zilja Italian: Zeglia) is the name of a river in southern Austria the largest right tributary of the Drava.
 Naturschutzsee Füssenich is a lake in Westdeutschland North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. With a depth of 28 m its surface area is 65 ha.
 Conway Summit (el. 8143 feet (2482 m)) is a mountain pass in Mono County California. It is traversed by U.S. Highway 395 which connects Bridgeport and the East Walker River on the north side of the pass to Mono Lake and Lee Vining to the south. It marks the highest point on U.S. 395 which also traverses high passes at Deadman Summit and Devil's Gate Pass.Conway Summit is named after John Andrew Conway a settler in the area in 1880.
 The Volovăț River is a tributary of the Suceviţa River in Romania.
 The Negrea River is a tributary of the Lozova River in Romania.
 Pickwick Lake is the reservoir created by Pickwick Landing Dam as part of the Tennessee Valley Authority. The lake stretches from Pickwick Landing Dam to Wilson Dam.Pickwick Lake has excellent sportfishing areas including the Wilson Dam tailwater at the upper end of the reservoir noted for record-size smallmouth bass and catfish.
 The Troll Wall (Norwegian: Trollveggen) is part of the mountain massif Trolltindene (Troll Peaks) in the Romsdalen valley near Åndalsnes and Molde on the Norwegian west coast. Trollveggen is part of the Reinheimen National Park in the municipality of Rauma in Møre og Romsdal county. The Troll Wall is the tallest vertical rock face in Europe about 1100 metres (3600 ft) from its base to the summit of its highest point.
 Ukonvesi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the Southern Savonia region in Finland.
 The Chavón River is a river of the Dominican Republic.
 The Altar Valley is a 45-mile (72 km) long north-south valley trending slightly northeast from Sasabe Arizona on the Mexico border to the Avra Valley west of the Tucson Mountains.
 Mount Fury (8280 feet (2520 m)) is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. The summit of Mount Fury is between 8285 and 8325 ft (2525 and 2537 m) above sea level. Several small glaciers are on the slopes of Mount Fury and it is the second tallest peak in the Picket Range after Luna Peak which lies 2.6 mi (4.2 km) to the northeast.
 Alpe di Neggia (el. 1395 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.It connects Vira and Indemini. The pass lies in the saddle between Monte Tamaro and Monte Paglione. The maximum grade of the pass road is 12 percent.
 The Marapí River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Cimon del Froppa is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2932 metres.
 The New River is a river in South America. It is part of a border dispute between Suriname and Guyana known as the New River Triangle.
 The Maschsee is an artificial lake situated south of the city centre of Hanover in Germany. Spanning an area of 78 hectares it is the largest body of water within the capital of Lower Saxony. The lake is a popular recreation area as well as a venue for numerous water sports.
 The Mălușel River is a headwater of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania. This branch is sometimes considered as being the main course of the Râmnicul Sărat River
 The White Ernz (Luxembourgish: Wäiss Iernz French: Ernz blanche German: Weiße Ernz) is a river flowing through Luxembourg joining the Sauer at Reisdorf. It flows through the towns of Larochette Medernach and Ermsdorf.
 The Salado River (Spanish Río Salado) is a river of Paraguay. It is a tributary of the Paraguay River.
 Webber Lake Sackville is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Feneș River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Garbh Bheinn is a steep mountain in the Ardgour area in the west of Scotland. It is much more prominent in both a general and topographic sense than many Munros but because it is under 3000 feet and in a geographically isolated area it is relatively infrequently climbed. Like other summits in the Ardgour area it has been cited by those who deride the obsession with Munro bagging.
 Hovnatanian is a crater on Mercury. Its “butterfly” pattern of ejecta rays were created by an impact at an even lower angle than that which formed neighboring Qi Baishi crater. From the butterfly pattern of rays the Hovnatanian impactor was travelling either north-to-south or south-to-north prior to hitting Mercury's surface.
 Aktas Dağı is a mountain in western Asia on the international border between Iran and Turkey. It is 2715 metres (8907 ft) tall .
 Ljøtebotnberget is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Pinnacle Peak is a peak located in Mount Rainier National Park in Lewis County Washington. It is the second highest peak in the Tatoosh Range.The trail to the saddle and summit grants spectacular views of Rainier. Some scrambling and rock climbing is needed to attain the summit.
 The Copăcioasa River is a tributary of the Berivoi river in Romania.
 Kadovar Island is a volcanic island northeast of Papua New Guinea.
 Bachseifen is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Hart Lake (Guysborough) is a lake of Guysborough District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Loftet is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Oyster Harbour is a permanently open estuary which covers an area of 15.6 square kilometres (6 sq mi) near Albany Western Australia. The Harbour is used to shelter a fishing fleet carrying out commercial fishing and the farming of oysters and mussels. A significant number of waterbirds use the Harbour for feeding. The place is currently a family tourist center.
 Reichenbach (Kocher) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Strâmbu River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Kulun Lake (Kyrgyz: Кулун) is a rock-dammed lake in Osh Province of Kyrgyzstan. It is located at the altitude of 2856 m in catchment of Kulun River right tributary of Tar River.
 Bohyeonsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1121 metres.
 The Roseau River is a 214-mile-long (344 km) tributary of the Red River of the North in southern Manitoba in Canada and northwestern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Red River Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the watershed of Hudson Bay.The river flows through the Roseau River Anishinabe First Nation.
 Lakshmi Planum is a plateau feature on the surface of Venus on the Western Ishtar Terra. It is named after Lakshmi the Hindu goddess of wealth. It is roughly 3.5 kilometers (2.2 mi) above the mean planetary radius. Lakshmi Planum is ringed by intensely deformed terrain some of which is shown in the southern portion of the image and is called Clotho Tessera.The plains of Lakshmi are made up of radar-dark homogeneous smooth lava flows.
 The Robec (Old Norse raudh red and bekkr stream) is a small river in Seine-Maritime Normandy France right tributary of the Seine. Its length is 9 km. The river begins near Fontaine-sous-Préaux then it flows through Darnétal and ends in the Seine in Rouen.
 Heine is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 75 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Heine is named for the German poet Heinrich Heine who lived from 1797 to 1856.
 The Iujbea River is a tributary of the Cânaia River in Romania.
 Beloye (Russian: Белое) is a small freshwater lake in Nizhny Novgorod Oblast Russia. It lies approximately 300 meters from the village of Bolotnikovo. In May 2005 the lake disappeared overnight for unknown reasons. It is speculated that the lake may have drained into an underground river or cave system due to subsidence. Seventy years prior to the 2005 disappearance in 1935 several houses were destroyed under similar circumstances.
 Whiskeytown Lake is a reservoir in Shasta County in northwestern California United States about 8 miles (13 km) west of Redding. The lake is in the Whiskeytown Unit of the Whiskeytown-Shasta-Trinity National Recreation Area. Whiskeytown Lake has a capacity of 241100 acre·ft (297400 dam3) and is formed by Whiskeytown Dam on Clear Creek. Additional water comes from Lewiston Reservoir supplied by the Trinity River via the Clear Creek Tunnel which comes from the bottom of Lewiston Lake.
 The Mamores are a group of mountains in the Lochaber area of the Grampian Mountains in the Scottish Highlands.
 The Capivaras River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin and a tributary of the Pelotas River.
 Bellman's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Mount Nokogiri (鋸山 Nokogiri-yama) literally saw mountain is a low mountain on the Bōsō Peninsula on Honshu Japan.
 The Clăbucet River is a tributary of the Moaşa river in Romania.
 Monte Grona is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 1736 metres and belongs to the province of Como.
 Little Wood River is a 130-mile-long (210 km) river in south-central Idaho in the United States. It is a tributary of the Malad River which in turn is tributary to the Snake River and Columbia River.The Little Wood River originates in the Pioneer Mountains of northern Blaine County then flows south through Little Wood Reservoir near Carey. Below the reservoir the river flows south into Lincoln County past Richfield and then west past Shoshone after which it enters Gooding County.
 The Blackwater River is a 25.8-mile-long (41.5 km) saltwater river in Dorchester County Maryland. It has many twists and bends and flows through Blackwater National Wildlife Refuge. It runs through Robbins where there is a boat ramp called Shorter's Wharf and a bridge.The river does not rise anywhere because the water is sea level from its mouth at Fishing Bay to its landward end at a large unnamed swamp in the Blackwater Refuge.
 Fellach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Suavjärvi (in Karelian Russian: Суавъярви) is a lake and impact crater in the Republic of Karelia Russia about 50 km north of the town of Medvezhyegorsk. The approximately 3 km wide Suavjärvi lake is located in the centre of the crater.The crater is 16 km in diameter and it is estimated to be about 2.4 billion (2.4 x 109) years old placing it in the Archean–Proterozoic boundary. That makes it the oldest known impact crater on Earth.
 Finkenbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Lago di Val Viola (Lagh da Val Viola) is a lake in the Grisons Switzerland. The lake is locate near Lago di Saoseo in the Poschiavo region.
 Ginninderra Creek a partly perennial stream of the Murrumbidgee catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Capital Country region spanning both the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales Australia.Ginninderra is derived from the Aboriginal word meaning sparkling or throwing little rays of light. The traditional custodians of the land surrounding Ginninderra Creek are the Aboriginal people of the Ngunnawal tribe.
 Gmyrdek is a river of Poland a tributary of the Ruptawka River.
 Helenesee is a lake in Brandenburg Germany. Its surface area is ca. 250 ha. With a depth of 56.63 m the Helenseee is the second deepest lake in Brandenburg only surpassed by the lake Großer Stechlinsee. It is situated approximately 8 kilometers in the south of Frankfurt (Oder). It was formed after the flooding of a former open-pit mining which started in 1958.
 The San Martín River is a tributary of the main stem Ameca River which drains into the Bahía de Banderas of the Pacific Ocean near Puerto Vallarta Jalisco. The river derives its name from the city of San Martín de Hidalgo the largest town it flows through. It is fed from various smaller tributaries which rise from the Mesa de Ramos in the west and the Sierra de Quila in the south.
 Winona Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Winona Lake is 5 miles (8.0 km) west of Logging Lake.
 Murara was a small short-lived cinder cone on the flank of Mount Nyamuragira that began erupting on December 23 1976. Eruptions from Murara reduced considerably after the eruption of Mount Nyiragongo on January 10 1977 and ended completely in April 1977.
 Moles de Xert (Valencian pronunciation: [ˈmɔlez ðe ˈtʃɛɾt] Spanish: Muelas de Chert) is a 4.2 km (3 mi) long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca Valencian Community Spain. Its highest point is Mola Gran (806 m). The other main summits are Mola Murada a breast-shaped hill Moleta Redona and Mola Llarga. These mountains have very original shapes topped by regular rocky outcrops resembling castles or fortifications. They are frequently covered in snow in the winter.
 The Kander is a small river flowing from the southern Black Forest westward into the Rhine River
 Bonnie Lake is a small lake in Alberta Canada. It is located 6 km (3.7 mi) outside of Vilna Alberta north of Highway 28 and is part of the North Saskatchewan River basin.The lake has a surface of 3.77 km2 (1.46 sq mi) and reaches a maximum depth of 6.1 m (20 ft) while the average depth is 3.1 m (10 ft). Bonnie Lake drains a total area of 49.6 km2 (19.2 sq mi).
 Swart River originates near Caledon Western Cape South Africa and flows southwest where it joins the Bot River north of Hermanus.
 Lake Wairere is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Pullinque River is a river of Chile.
 The River Don (also called Dun in some stretches) is a river in South Yorkshire England. It rises in the Pennines and flows for 70 miles (110 km) eastwards through the Don Valley via Penistone Sheffield Rotherham Mexborough Conisbrough Doncaster and Stainforth. It originally joined the Trent but was re-engineered by Cornelius Vermuyden as the Dutch River in the 1620s and now joins the River Ouse at Goole in the East Riding of Yorkshire.
 The Gosta River is a tributary of the Valea Padeșului River in Romania.
 Lago di Piediluco is a lake in the Province of Rieti Lazio/Province of Terni Umbria Italy. At an elevation of 375 m its surface area is 1.58 km².
 Kolahoi Peak is a mountain with a peak elevation of 17799 ft (5425 metres) in Anantnag district of Jammu and Kashmir in the vicinity of Sonamarg. Kolahoi Peak is part of the Himalaya Range and is located between 15 km south of Sonamarg and 21 km north from Arin Pahalgam. To its north flows the Sind River and the glacier of its name Kolahoi Glacier is the source of Lidder River. in the vicinity of Kashmir valley.
 The Mansinho River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Meall nan Tarmachan is a mountain in the Southern Highlands of Scotland near Killin just west of Ben Lawers. It is often climbed as part of the Tarmachan ridge the other peaks of which are Meall Garbh (1026 m) Beinn nan Eachan (1000 m) and Creag na Caillach (916 m); these three peaks are Tops rather than Munros and lie to the south-west of Meall nan Tarmachan.It is normally approached from the east via the road heading north from the Ben Lawers visitors centre.
 The Fremont River in Utah flows from the Johnson Valley Reservoir which is located on the Wasatch Plateau near Fish Lake southwest through Capitol Reef National Park to the Muddy Creek near Hanksville where the two rivers combine to form the Dirty Devil River a tributary of the Colorado River. The river is 95 miles (153 km) long.
 The Meliugel River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 West Branch Laramie River is a 6.0-mile-long (9.7 km) tributary of the Laramie River in Larimer County Colorado The river's source is Island Lake in the Rawah Wilderness. It flows through Carey Lake then northeast to a confluence with the Laramie River.
 The Sumay River is a river in the United States territory Guam.
 Yager Creek is a tributary stream of the Van Duzen River on the north coast of California in Humboldt County California. It has its source at the confluence of North Fork Yager Creek and Middle Fork Yager Creek. Its mouth is at the confluence with the Van Duzen River just below the town of Carlotta.
 Mount Lyell is the highest point in Yosemite National Park at 13120 feet (4000 m). It is located at the southeast end of the Cathedral Range 1.2 miles (1.9 km) northwest of Rodgers Peak. It is named after Charles Lyell a well-known 19th century geologist. The peak also has the largest glaciers in Yosemite Lyell Glacier.Mount Lyell divides the Tuolumne River watershed to the north the Merced to the west and the Rush Creek drainage in the Mono Lake Basin to the southeast.
 Located in the western edge of Mercury's giant Caloris basin Kertész crater (named in 2008 for André Kertész a Hungarian-born American photographer) has some unusual bright material located on its floor. Sander crater located in the northwestern edge of Caloris basin also shows bright material on its floor. Just northeast of Kertész a small crater has very bright rays and ejecta indicating that the crater is young.
 Lake McKerrow also known by the Māori name of Whakatipu Waitai lies at the northern end of Fiordland in the southwest of New Zealand's South Island. The lake runs from southeast to northwest is 15 kilometres in length and covers 28 km².Lake McKerrow drains and is drained by the Hollyford River.
 Peck Glacier is an alpine glacier in Roosevelt National Forest in the U.S. state of Colorado. Peck Glacier is .50 mi (0.80 km) northwest of Fair Glacier.
 The Valea Glăjăriei River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
 The South Fork Crooked River is a tributary 76 miles (122 km) long of the Crooked River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Starting southeast of Hampton in Deschutes County the South Fork flows east from near Ram Lake (dry). It passes under U.S. Route 20 at Hampton then continues east and north for about 6 miles (10 km) before entering Crook County. Shortly thereafter it receives Buck Creek from the right and then passes through Logan Reservoir.
 Hahnensee (Romansh: Lej dals Chöds) is a lake above St. Moritz in the Grisons Switzerland at 2153 m above sealevel. Next to the lake there is a restaurant of the same name. In the summer time the area can be reached by several hiking trails. In the Winter skiers coming from the Piz Corvatsch can take the Giand'Alva skilift and ski down the almost 9km long ski run also called Hahnensee into St. Mortitz-Bad. Though the run can only be opened after significant snowfall has accumulated.
 The Plosca River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
 Hohenstein Castle (German: Burg Hohenstein) in Middle Franconia is a castle in Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Nosbonsing is a lake of Ontario Canada near the City of North Bay.
 The River Lambourn is a chalk stream in the English county of Berkshire. It rises in the Berkshire Downs near its namesake village of Lambourn and is a tributary of the River Kennet which is itself a tributary of the River Thames.
 The Altels (3629 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It is situated in the Balmhorn massif approximately halfway between Kandersteg and Leukerbad. Although its south side is in Valais the mountain lies within the Aar basin.
 Kisejärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Carneros Creek is a south by southeastward flowing stream originating in the southernmost Mayacamas Mountains in Napa County California. It is the southernmost tributary to the Napa River entering 2.5 miles (4.0 km) north of San Pablo Bay and 5 miles (8.0 km) south of the town of Napa.
 The Spidele River is a tributary of the Cătăuți River in Romania.
 The Padina Dâncioarei River is a headwater of the Dâmbovicioara River in Romania.
 Laguna Creek (Spanish for: Lake Creek) is a perennial stream that flows northwesterly for 2.6-mile (4.2 km) along the San Andreas Fault from Woodside in San Mateo County California and after crossing the Phleger Estate and Filoli enters Upper Crystal Springs Reservoir where it is a historic tributary to San Mateo Creek. San Mateo Creek then carries its waters over Crystal Springs Dam northeast to San Francisco Bay.
 The Flumendosa is a river of southern Sardinia Italy. With a length of 127 km (79 mi) it is the second river of the island behind the Tirso.The Flumendosa's springs are located in the Gennargentu massif at the feet of the Monte Armidda; it flows into the Tyrrhenian Sea in the area of the towns of Muravera and Villaputzu. It drains a basin of c. 1775 km². Before the construction of two large dams it had a discharge of 22 m³/s.
 Xingyun Lake (Chinese: 星云湖; pinyin: Xīngyún Hú) also known as Jiangchuan Sea (Chinese: 江川海子; pinyin: Jiāngchuān Hǎizi) is a plateau lake in Yunnan Province，southwest of China. The Xingyun Lake and the Fuxian Lake are separated by a mountain and linked by a river. The lake has a total area of about 34.71 square kilometers. The average depth is 5.3 m with an elevation of 1722 m. the water storage capacity is about 1.84×108m3.
 Lac de Petichet is a lake at Saint-Théoffrey in the Isère department of France 400 m South of the Grand lac de Laffrey.
 The Archișel River is a tributary of the Groșeni River in Romania
 Heng-O Corona is a corona in Guinevere Planitia on the planet Venus at Latitude 2° North Longitude 355° East. It has a diameter of 1060 kilometers and is the 2nd largest corona on Venus.It is named for Heng O (also known as Chang'e) the Chinese goddess of the Moon.
 Mushroom Lake is a small alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake although it is most easily accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 092.Mushroom Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Hell Roaring Lake and Imogene Lake are downstream of Mushroom Lake.
 The Erewash Canal is a broad canal in Derbyshire England. It runs just under 12 miles (19 km) and has 14 locks. The first lock at Langley Bridge is actually part of the Cromford Canal.
 Seongjesan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1115 metres.
 North Ray crater is a small crater in the Descartes Highlands of the moon visited by the astronauts of Apollo 16. The name of the crater was formally adopted by the IAU in 1973.The Apollo 16 Lunar Module (LM) Orion landed between North Ray and South Ray craters on April 21 1972. The astronauts John Young and Charles Duke explored the area between the craters over the course of three EVAs using a Lunar Roving Vehicle or rover.
 Ash Lake is a lake located north of Great Central Lake and south of Elsie Lake. Ash Lake is named after Dr. Ash one of the sponsors of Robert Brown's Vancouver Island Exploring Expedition of 1864.
 The Acheron River is a river in the South Island of New Zealand in Marlborough and flows into the Clarence River. It flows southwest and then east for a total of 60 kilometres joining the Clarence at the southern end of the Inland Kaikoura mountains. The Alma and Severn Rivers flow into the Acheron before it joins the Clarence.
 The Scandinavian Mountains or the Scandes are a mountain range that runs through the Scandinavian Peninsula. The Scandinavian Mountains are equivalent to the Scandinavian Caledonides. The western sides of the mountains drop precipitously into the North Sea and Norwegian Sea forming the famous fjords of Norway while to the northeast they gradually curve towards Finland. To the north they form the border between Norway and Sweden still reaching 2000 m high (6600 ft) at the Arctic Circle.
 The Căpățâna River is a tributary of the Zârna River in Romania.
 Castlecrag Mountain is a mountain located on Vancouver Island British Columbia. Castlecrag Mountain is located South of Moat Lake 1.6 km West of Mount Frink along the same ridge line.Castlecrag Mountain is often climbed as part of the Castlecrag - Mt. Frink loop. This route starts at Circlet Lake accessed from Paradise Meadows and the Mount Washington Alpine Resort.
 The Nacaome River is a river in Honduras.
 The Sierra Alpujata is a mountain range in southern Spain part of the coastal mountain range that lies behind the Costa del Sol Occidental in Andalusia. It is situated between the Sierra Blanca and the Sierra de Mijas.
 The Mattwaldhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located between the upper Nanztal and the Saastal in the canton of Valais. The nearest locality is Eisten on the west side.
 Beljanica (pronounced [bɛʎǎnitsa]) is a mountain in Homolje region in eastern Serbia near the town of Žagubica. Its highest peak has an elevation of 1339 meters above sea level.
 The Marchiazza is a 34 km long stream (torrente) of Piedmont in north-western Italy. It's a left side tributary of the Cervo which flows through the provinces of Biella and Vercelli.
 The Lanë (definite Albanian form: Lana) is the main stream that crosses through Tirana the capital of Albania. Its source is in the mountains east of Tirana. Although once clean it now carries sewage. Before there were many buildings around and on the banks of the river but they were torn down and removed in a campaign by Tirana's then mayor Edi Rama. Now most of its banks have been planted with different kinds of trees and grass.
 The Clearwater River is the largest tributary of the North Thompson River joining it at the community of Clearwater British Columbia. The Clearwater rises from glaciers in the Cariboo Mountains and flows in a mostly southerly direction for 201 km (125 mi) to the North Thompson. Its entire course except the last 5 km (3 mi) is within Wells Gray Provincial Park.
 Tovdalselva or Topdalselva (literally: the Tov valley river) is 143 kilometres (89 mi) long and is one of the longest rivers in Southern Norway. The river flows from the northeast to the southwest and reaches the sea at the Topdalsfjorden between Hamresanden and Kjevik. The upper reaches of the river include many lakes such as the Herefossfjorden and the Straumsfjorden (the largest lake on the river).
 The Äschhorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located north of Zermatt in Valais. The main summit (Ober Äschhorn) has an elevation of 3669 metres while the lower summit (Unter Äschhorn) has an elevation of 3618 metres. The Äschhorn is separated from the Zinalrothorn by the Ober Äschjoch (3622 m).
 Kharkush (Persian: خرکش ‎ Khar and Kush) is a mountain of the Hindu Kush in Baghlan province in Afghanistan.
 Piz Pazzola is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps situated near Sedrun in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range west of the Val Medel.
 The Bald Eagle and Spring Creek Navigation Company was a canal company in central Pennsylvania intended to link the iron industry of Bellefonte Pennsylvania with the Pennsylvania canal system. Opened for half its length in 1837 the remainder of the canal was not completed until 1848. Destroyed by flooding in 1865 it was not rebuilt; a paralleling railroad completed that year replaced it.
 The Needle Range is a mountain range in Nye County Nevada.
 The San Miguel River (Mexico) is a river of Mexico.
 The Vologne is a river of the Vosges department in France. It is tributary of the Moselle River. Its source is in the Vosges Mountains on the northwestern slope of the Hohneck. It flows through the lakes of Retournemer and Longemer and passes the villages of Xonrupt-Longemer Granges-sur-Vologne Lépanges-sur-Vologne and Docelles finally flowing into the Moselle in Pouxeux.
 Boomer Lake is located in the city of Stillwater Oklahoma and was completed in 1925. The lake as an artificial reservoir serves several purposes such as cooling the local power plant and providing entertainment and recreation.
 Glauber is a small lunar crater that is located just to the north of the large walled plain Mendeleev on the Moon's far side. This crater lies just outside the irregular rim of Mendeleev but well within the outer skirt of ejecta. It is a circular crater with a rim that has not been significantly eroded. The simple inner walls slope down to a small floor at the midpoint with a peak at the center. The diameter of the floor is only about one-third that of the crater.
 The Del Carmen River (Spanish: Río del Carmen) is a river of Chile. Its afluents are: El Toro River Socarrón River Sancarrón River Del Medio River Primero River (Huasco)
 Cave of the Crystals or Giant Crystal Cave (Spanish: Cueva de los Cristales) is a cave connected to the Naica Mine 300 metres (980 ft) below the surface in Naica Chihuahua Mexico. The main chamber contains giant selenite crystals (gypsum CaSO4·2 H2O) some of the largest natural crystals ever found. The cave's largest crystal found to date is 12 m (39 ft) in length 4 m (13 ft) in diameter and 55 tons in weight.
 The Guatulame River is a river of Chile.
 The River Annalee is a river in Ireland. It flows from Lough Sillan in County Cavan and heads westwards to Butlersbridge. From there is flows into the River Erne which it joins at a complex of lakes west of the village. Flowing from Lough Sillan at Shercock and is joined by the Dromore River below Cootehill.
 The Oașa Mică River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Sebeș (Hungarian: Sebes-patak meaning Speedy Creek) is a river in the Gurghiu Mountains Mureş County northern Romania. It is a left tributary of the river Mureş. It flows through the commune of Rușii-Munți and joins the Mureș in the village Sebeș. It is fed by several smaller streams including Sebeşel and Corlăţeni.
 Martham Broad is a broad (or lake) and National Nature Reserve on the River Thurne in the English county of Norfolk. The broad is located within The Broads National Park about 2 km north of the village of Martham. The nature reserve is maintained by English Nature and is part of the Upper Thurne Broads and Marshes SSSI (Site of Special Scientific Interest). It is owned and managed by Norfolk Wildlife Trust.
 Oba Lake – North is a lake of the Algoma District in northern Ontario Canada. It is located on the northwestern border of the Chapleau Crown Game Preserve.
 Fish River a perennial stream that is part of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the central western district of New South Wales Australia.The Fish River rises on the plateau south east of Oberon and flows generally to the north-west becoming the main headwater of the Macquarie River just east of Bathurst. The river is impounded by a reservoir near Oberon which supplies water for the region.
 The Puhoi River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southeast from its sources 10 kilometres southwest of Warkworth passing through the town of Puhoi before reaching the coast of Whangaparaoa Bay seven kilometres north of Orewa.
 The Valea Rece River is a headwater of the Ponor River in Romania.
 Losada River (Spanish pronunciation: [loˈsaða]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Meadow Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake or the Goat Creek drainage.Meadow Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 The Coca Seacă River is a headwater of the Coca River in Romania.
 The Gubandru River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
 Ma Wan Channel (Chinese: 馬灣海峽) is a channel between Ma Wan and Tsing Yi Island in Hong Kong. The north end of the channel is Ting Kau where it joins the Rambler Channel. To the west it joins with the Kap Shui Mun channel running to the south of Ma Wan leading into Urmston Road. To the east it divides into the Tsing Yi Channel and the Rambler Channel leading to Tsuen Wan and Kwai Chung.
 Zoji La (Hindi: ज़ोजि ला or ज़ोजि दर्रा) is a high mountain pass in Indian Kashmir located on the Indian National Highway 1D between Srinagar and Leh in the western section of the Himalayan mountain range.
 The Pine Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges in central San Diego County California.
 Redhorn Peak (8113 feet (2473 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Redhorn Peak is situated along the Continental Divide.
 The Furchetta is a mountain of the Geisler group in the Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Lato is an Italian river in the province of Taranto. Its source is north of Laterza. It flows south into the Gulf of Taranto.
 Badin Lake is one of a series of lakes created by the damming of the Yadkin-Pee Dee River in the Uwharrie Lakes Region of the United States. The Badin Lake Dam was built in 1917 to support a local aluminum smelting plant (Alcoa Aluminum Company of America) and the associated community of Badin was named for the founder Adrien Badin. Badin Lake is in the Piedmont area of North Carolina.. It is contained by Narrows Dam at the town of Badin North Carolina.
 Popponesset Bay System is a group of bays located at the towns of Mashpee (north & west) and Barnstable (east) on Cape Cod Massachusetts with a southern shore bounded by water fromNantucket Sound.Popponesset Bay has the following tributary sub-embayments:Ockway BayShoestring BayMashpee River EstuaryPinquickset CoveThe bay system is fed by the Mashpee River and Santuit River.
 Kramers is an old lunar crater that is located on the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies some distance to the west of the larger crater Coulomb and to the northwest of the smaller Weber.The outer rim of Kramers is heavily eroded and worn although the perimeter of the original crater can be readily discerned. The younger but comparably sized formation Kramers C intrudes into the northeast rim and the two form a crater pair.
 The Valea Cetățuiei River or Valea lui Loghin River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 The Pößnitz is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Crișul Alb (Romanian) (Hungarian: Fehér-Körös) is a river in western Romania in the historical region of Transylvania and south-eastern Hungary (Békés county). Its source is in the southern Apuseni Mountains (Romanian: Munții Apuseni). It flows through the towns Brad Ineu Chişineu Criş in Romania and Gyula in Hungary. Crossing the border of Hungary the river now called Fehér-Körös joins the Fekete-Körös a few kilometres north from Gyula to form the Körös River.
 The Slate Ridge is a mountain range in Esmeralda County Nevada.
 Gernsback is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located in the northeastern part of the uneven Mare Australe just behind the southeastern limb. During periods of favorable libration this feature can be brought into view of the Earth but it is seen from the side and not much detail can be observed.
 This article is about the mountain range in Antarctica. For the range in the northern Canadian Rockies see Sentinel Range (Canada).The Sentinel Range is a major mountain range situated northward of Minnesota Glacier and forming the northern half of the Ellsworth Mountains in Antarctica. The range trends NNW-SSE for about 185 km (115 mi) and is 24 to 48 km (15 to 30 mi) wide.
 Puig de l'Obiol is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1543 metres above sea level.
 Granville Notch or Granville Gulf is a notch or mountain pass located in Granville Vermont.
 The Red Willow Creek is a 126-mile-long (203 km) tributary of the Republican River in Nebraska. The name is reported to be a mistranslation of the Dakota Indian name Chanshasha Wakpala which literally means Red Dogwood Creek. The Dakota referred to the creek as such because of an abundance of the red dogwood shrub that grew along the banks. Its stem and branches are deep red in color and it is favored in basket making.
 The Gugu River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
 The Blanco River (San Marcos) is a river of Guatemala.
 Mephisto Lake is a lake in the Trent River and Lake Ontario drainage basins. It is located in the geographic township of Cashel in the township municipality of Tudor and Cashel Hastings County Ontario Canada about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the rural community of Gunter and 25 kilometres (16 mi) southeast of the town of Bancroft.The lake is about 3.1 kilometres (1.9 mi) long and 1.7 kilometres (1.1 mi) and lies at an elevation of 313 metres (1027 ft).
 The Itacarambi River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Tarago River is a perennial river of the Western Port catchment located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Lake Mohawksin is the name of the reservoir on the Wisconsin River formed by the Tomahawk Dam. The dam is located about one mile south of the city limits of Tomahawk Wisconsin. Lake Mohawksin was originally called Lake Tomahawk but the name was changed to avoid confusion with the town of Lake Tomahawk as well as the lake near that town (which is actually called Tomahawk Lake).
 Alta Peak is in Sequoia National Park not far from Giant Forest. Before 1896 the mountain was known as Tharps Peak. By 1903 it was generally known by its current name and Alta Peak appears on the Tehipite quadrangle USGS 30 minute topographic map of 1905and was officially recognized by the Board on Geographic Names in 1928. The Sierra Club Bulletin noted that the name Alta Peak was euphonious.
 Linnicher Mühlenteich is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bolda River is a tributary of the Hodişa River in Romania.
 Ptarmigan Peak elevation 12504 ft (3811 m) is a summit in the Williams Fork Mountains of central Colorado. The peak is north of Dilion in the Arapaho National Forest.
 The Faux d'Enson is a mountain of the Jura located south of Roche-d'Or in the canton of Jura. At an elevation of 927 m (3041 ft) it is one of the highest summits in the region of Ajoie. An observation tower is located on the top.
 The Whitesand River is a river in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada that flows south into the northwest side of Lake Nipigon. Another river in Thunder Bay District with the same name Whitesand River (Hewitson River) lies further southeast and flows into Lake Superior via the Hewitson River.
 MacIsaacs Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Russian Peak is part of a sub-range of the Klamath Mountains called the Salmon Mountains—a horseshoe-shaped range encompassing the headwaters of the Salmon River.
 The Little River is a 21.3-mile-long (34.3 km) tributary of the Salmon Falls River in the U.S. state of Maine. It rises from streams in York County flows southwest through Lebanon and reaches its confluence with the Salmon Falls River in Berwick.
 Bully Creek is a 62-mile (100 km) long tributary of the Malheur River located in the U.S. state of Oregon. It drains 601 square miles (1557 km2) of Malheur County. Arising in the Blue Mountains it flows generally southeast to its confluence with the Malheur River near Vale.
 Nambuna River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Râul Vălenilor or Văleni River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 The Belén River is a river in Panama.
 Montes Apenninus are a rugged mountain range on the northern part of the Moon's near side. They are named after the Apennine Mountains in Italy.This range forms the southeastern border of the large Mare Imbrium lunar mare and the northwestern border of the Terra Nivium highland region. It begins just to the west of the prominent crater Eratosthenes which abuts against the southern face of the range.
 Great Slave Lake (French: Grand lac des Esclaves) is the second-largest lake in the Northwest Territories of Canada (after Great Bear Lake) the deepest lake in North America at 614 metres (336 fathoms; 2014 ft) and the tenth-largest lake in the world. It is 480 km (300 mi) long and 19 to 109 km (12 to 68 mi) wide. It covers an area of 27200 km2 (10502 sq mi) in the southern part of the territory.
 Elbow Lake is a lake located in the Elbow Pass north of the Highwood pass in Kananaskis Country in Alberta Canada. Elbow Lake lies at an elevation of 2120 m (6960 ft) and is the headwater of the Elbow River.
 The Mera River is a tributary of the Nadăş River in Romania.
 The Ebi River (海老川 Ebigawa) is a river in Funabashi Chiba Prefecture Japan. It is 2.67 kilometers (1.66 mi) in length and has a drainage area of 260 square kilometers (100 sq mi). Under the Japan Rivers Act of 1906 the river is designated as a Class 2 River. The Ebi originates near Takanechō district of Funabashi and flows directly south into Tokyo Bay.
 Trylen is a small lake 17 km (10 mi) south of central Stockholm Sweden. Shared by Huddinge Municipality and Haninge Municipality it forms part of the Tyresån Lake System.
 The Burnett River is a river in central Queensland Australia that empties into the Pacific Ocean near the city of Bundaberg. The Burnett River region is largely given over to growing sugar cane and small crops.
 The Sihastru River is a tributary of the Boul River in Romania.
 The Barreiro de Baixo River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lake Conway a 6700-acre (27 km2) lake in Arkansas is the largest reservoir made by a game and fish commission in the United States. It is located just a few miles southeast of Conway Arkansas.
 Syltefjorden is a fjord in Båtsfjord Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 16-kilometre (9.9 mi) long fjord flows from the river Syltefjordelva on the large Varanger Peninsula into the Barents Sea. The Varangerhalvøya National Park lies just south of the fjord.Historically there were three fishing villages located around the fjord: Nordfjord Hamna and Ytre Syltefjord. All three villages were abandoned during the 20th century.
 Bøkfjorden (Northern Sami: Báhčaveaivuotna) is a fjord in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 23-kilometre (14 mi) long fjord is a southern branch off of the main Varangerfjorden. The river Pasvikelva empties into the Bøkfjorden at the village of Elvenes (which lies only about 1500 metres (0.93 mi) from the Norway–Russia border.The town of Kirkenes lies on the shore of the fjord. The large island of Skogsøya lies on the western side of the fjord.
 For the WWII war hero see Martin Linge. For the boat designer see Jan Herman Linge. For Hitler's valet see Heinz Linge. For the fictional CIA agent see Malko Linge.The Linge is a river in the Betuwe that is 99.8 km long which makes it one of the longest rivers that flow entirely within the Netherlands.It starts near the village Doornenburg near the German border. A legend tells us that if there will be no more pigs grazing at the castle of Doornenburg the river will dry out.
 The Pârâul Cighenilor is a tributary of the Bicăjel River in Romania.
 Spring Lake an oval-shaped lake has a surface area of 24.19-acre (97900 m2). Spring Lake is in a highly urbanized area. On the north shore is a retail area US Highway 17 is on its east side. Apartment buildings are on the south side of the lake. A wooded area is on the west; about 200 feet (61 m) to Spring Lake's west is Lake Mirror.There is no public access to the shores of this lake since it is completely surrounded by private property.
 The Afon Fathew (English: River Mathew/Fathew) is a river in Gwynedd north-west Wales. The river is downstream from the Dolgoch Falls which is a popular nature site and is followed for much of its course by the Talyllyn Railway.
 The Valea Mărăcinilor River is a tributary of the Gârcin river in Romania.
 Didi Abuli (Georgian: დიდი აბული) is one of the highest peak of the Lesser Caucasus Mountains in the nation of Georgia. The mountain is located in the Abul-Samsari Range at an elevation of 3300 m (10830 ft) above sea level.
 The Carmen River is a river of Mexico.
 The Coșeana River is a tributary of the Repedea River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Roşia and Funicel
 The Jărosul River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 The Irwell River New Zealand is a river of the Canterbury Plains in New Zealand's South Island. A short river it rises to the southeast of Dunsandel flowing southeast to enter the broad shallow Lake Ellesmere.
 The Caiapozinho River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Krumbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Ningaluk River (also Ninglick River) is a channel 44 miles (71 km) long between Baird Inlet and Hazen Bay on the west coast of the U.S. state of Alaska. Flowing generally west it enters the bay north of Kigigak Island. The bay about 110 miles (180 km) west of Bethel is on the Bering Sea.The U.S. Marine Corps has been working to create emergency shelter roads homes and an airfield in nearby Mertarvik for 400 Yupik Eskimo displaced from Newtok along the Ninglick River.
 The São Domingos Grande River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Lekutu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Sackhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It lies on the range east of the Lötschen Pass between the upper Gasterntal and the Lötschental.
 Deo River flows through West Singhbhum in the Indian state of Jharkhand. It rises on the western side of the Gamharia plateau and flows into the South Karo river after a course of about 35 miles (56 km). It receives the Puilgara a fair-sized mountain stream from the Santara forest block.
 Pfingstberg (Potsdam) is a hill in Brandenburg Germany. The Belvedere auf dem Pfingstberg sits atop the hill.
 The Pyramid also called Pyramid Dome is a young lava dome on the northeast flank of Mount Edziza in British Columbia Canada. It is on the northeastern edge of the Tencho Glacier and represents several different styles of volcanic activity on the Mount Edziza complex. It is in the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province and last erupted during the Pleistocene period.
 Clear Lake (also Clearwater Lake) is a marine lake located on Eil Malk island in Palau. Eil Malk (also Mecherchar) is part of the Rock Islands a group of small rocky mostly uninhabited islands in Palau's Southern Lagoon between Koror and Peleliu. There are about 70 other marine lakes located throughout the Rock Islands.
 Kokna is a river of Poland a tributary of the Drawa.
 Mount Tecumseh is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain is named after the Shawnee leader Tecumseh (c.1768–1813) and is part of the Sandwich Range of the White Mountains. The east side of Tecumseh drains into the Mad River; the west side drains into several brooks.
 Iremel is a compact mountain ridge in the Southern Ural Mountains in the republic of Bashkortostan Russian Federation (bordering with Chelyabinsk Oblast to the north-west). The highest peak Bolshoy Iremel or simply Iremel stands at 1589 metres (5200 ft) high. Maly Iremel 6 kilometers north-east stands at 1449 meters. It is the source of the River Belaya.The highest peak of the South Urals Mount Yamantaw (1638 meters) is located 53 kilometers south-west from Bolshoy Iremel.
 Litlumvatnet (Southern Sami: Jovsjaevrie) is a lake on the border of Norway and Sweden. The Norwegian side lies in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county and the Swedish side lies in Storuman Municipality in Västerbotten County. The lake lies about 40 kilometres (25 mi) southeast of the town of Mo i Rana.
 The Conejos River is a tributary of the Rio Grande approximately 92.5 miles (148.9 km) long in south-central Colorado in the United States. It drains a scenic area of the eastern San Juan Mountains west of the San Luis Valley.
 Monte Raione is a mountain of Campania Italy. It has an elevation of 1200 metres above sea level.
 Lake Skegemog (also known as Skegemog Lake and rarely Round Lake -its former name-) is a Northern Michigan lake located on the border of three counties Antrim County Michigan Grand Traverse County Michigan and Kalkaska County Michigan with a surface area of 2561 acres (10 km2). The Lake is attached to Elk Lake and is considered to be part of the Northwest Michigan Chain O'Lakes.
 Gyong La is a mountain pass situated on Saltoro Ridge southwest of the vast Siachen Glacier some 20 km (12 mi) directly north of map point NJ9842 which defined the end of the 1972 Line of Control between India and Pakistan. The Gyong La area is claimed by both countries but has been under India's control since 1984.
 The Piedras River (Utuado Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Serra de Collserola (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsɛrə ðə kuʎsəˈɾɔɫə]) or simply Collserola is a mountain range between the rivers Besòs and Llobregat. It is part of the Catalan Coastal Range. These mountains separate Barcelona from the Vallès plain and their tallest peak is the Tibidabo at 512 m.
 Piz Minschuns (Romansh) or Schafberg (German) is a mountain in the Fallaschkamm mountains a subgroup of the Ortler Alps more precisely on the eastern edge of the Val Costainas located on the border between Italy and Switzerland.
 Bridger Pass is a mountain pass in Carbon County Wyoming on the Continental Divide near the south Great Divide Basin bifurcation point i.e. the point at which the divide appears to split and envelop the basin.The first documented crossing of Bridger Pass was by the Stansbury Expedition returning east from an expedition to Utah and guided by Jim Bridger.
 The Vâna Mică River is a tributary of the Lanca Birda River in Romania.
 Truppach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Dos Patos River (Ivaí River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Riverview Dam is a lowhead dam on the Chattahoochee River. The dam was built in 1918 to provide power for Riverview Textile Mill. The dam is currently owned by Georgia Power.
 Hesthøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Barrington River a perennial river of the Manning River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter district of New South Wales Australia.
 Nethermost Pike is a fell in Cumbria England and a part of the Lake District. At 891 metres (2923 ft) it is the second highest Wainwright in the Helvellyn range the highest of which is Helvellyn itself. It is located close to the southern end of the ridge with Helvellyn to the north and High Crag and Dollywaggon Pike to the south. Nethermost Pike along with many of the Eastern Fells lies between Thirlmere in the west and the Ullswater catchment in the east.
 Sherrington is a small lunar crater that intrudes into the southwest outer rim of the much larger crater Langemak. To the south-southwest is Kondratyuk. Sherrington is located on the Moon's far side and it cannot be viewed directly from the Earth.The rim of this crater is elongated along the western side giving it a slight tear-drop shape. The rim is free from significant wear and the inner walls slope down relatively sharply to the interior floor.
 Wardersee is a lake in Kreis Segeberg Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At its elevation its surface area is 3.6 km².
 Hum 583-metre (1913 ft) high and the most prominent peak of the Laško region is situated on the Savinja river's left bank. For ages its foothills have been giving a shelter to the old castle under which thermal water has been pumped from the springs. There is a wide view from Hum on to Laško and its surroundings.
 Artemise Lake is a lake in Victoria County which is located in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Dumești River is a tributary of the Sârbi River in Romania.
 The River Irvine (Scottish Gaelic: Irbhinn) is a river that flows through southwest Scotland. Its watershed is on the Lanarkshire border of Ayrshire at an altitude of 810 feet (250 m) above sea-level near Loudoun Hill Drumclog and 7 miles (11 km) SW by W of Strathaven. It flows 29½ miles westward dividing the old district of Cunninghame from that of Kyle until it reaches the sea via Irvine Harbour in the form of the Firth of Clyde and flows into Irvine Bay by the town of Irvine.
 The Sighiștel River is a tributary of the Crișul Băiței River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Sohodolul Mare River
 Sif Mons is a shield volcano in Eistla Regio on Venus[citation needed]. It has a diameter of 300 kilometers (190 mi) and a height of 2.0 kilometers (1.2 mi). It is named after the Norse goddess Sif.
 Big Hole Pass (el. 7057 ft.) is a high mountain pass approximately 8 miles due south of Montana State Highway 43 in the Beaverhead-Deerlodge National Forest Beaverhead County Montana.The Continental Divide Trail goes over this pass which is about 11 miles south southeast of the more famous Chief Joseph Pass.
 The Black Hills are a mountain range in Contra Costa County California.
 Blackford Pond is a small artificial pond created during the Victorian Era in a glacial hollow in the Blackford region of Edinburgh. It is next to Blackford Hill and is easily accessed from both ends. The pond is popular with families due to its accessibility and the presence of a play area.It has significant populations of birds including swans and ducks.
 The Hay River is a large river in northern Alberta and southern Northwest Territories Canada.It originates in the muskeg of north western Alberta flows west to British Columbia then curves northward and returns to Alberta where it follows a north-northeast course towards the Northwest Territories. After passing over two main waterfalls the Alexandra Falls and Louise Falls it flows through the town of Hay River and discharges into the Great Slave Lake.
 The Watonwan River is a tributary of the Blue Earth River 113 miles (182 km) long in southern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Blue Earth and Minnesota Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 878 square miles (2274 km²) in an agricultural region. The Watonwan drains about a quarter of the Blue Earth River's watershed.The river was the site of the capture of Bob Cole and Jim Younger (members of the James-Younger gang) near Madelia in 1876.
 The Elk Fork is a tributary of Point Pleasant Creek 14.8 miles (23.8 km) long in northwestern West Virginia in the United States. Via Point Pleasant Creek Middle Island Creek and the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 21.1 square miles (55 km2) in a rural region on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.The Elk Fork's entire course and watershed are in Tyler County.
 Gray Peak is the seventh highest peak in the High Peaks Region of the Adirondack Park in New York USA and is located in close proximity to Mount Marcy the highest peak in New York state. Gray Peak is flanked to the east of Mount Colden. It was named for Asa Gray by Verplanck Colvin. Gray Peak is most frequently climbed from Lake Tear of the Clouds with approaches via Elk Lake or Upper Works. Gray is the highest peak in the Adirondacks without a maintained and marked trail.
 Skogseidvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Fusa in Hordaland county Norway.
 Hanfbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Aro River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Timișul Sec de Jos River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Markkleeberger See is a lake in Saxony Germany next to Markkleeberg a suburb on the south side of Leipzig. At an elevation of 112.5 m its surface area is 2.52 km². It is a former open-pit coal mine flooded in 1999 with groundwater and developed in 2006 as a tourist area. On its southeastern shore is Germany's only pump-powered artificial whitewater slalom course the Kanupark Markkleeberg.
 Glubokoye Lake is a small lake situated just east of Lake Lagernoye and Molodyozhnaya Station in the Thala Hills of Enderby Land Antarctica. It was mapped and named Glubokoye ozero (Russian: Глубокое озеро; deep lake) by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition 1961–62.
 Piz Avat is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located north of Sumvitg in the canton of Graubünden. It overlooks the Val Russein on its west side.
 The Geisingberg is a striking basalt mountain in the eastern Ore Mountains in the German federal state of Saxony.
 Kalamita Gulf (Russian: Каламитский залив Ukrainian: Каламітська затока Crimean Tatar: Kalamita körfezi Каламита корьфези) is a gulf in the Black Sea near Yevpatoria Crimea.
 Bewer is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Akhtang (Russian: Ахтанг) is a shield volcano topped by a small basaltic stratovolcano located in the Sredinny Range on the Kamchatka Peninsula Russia southeast of the Ichinsky volcano.
 The Cache River is a tributary of the White River 213 mi (343 km) long in northeastern Arkansas in the United States. Its headwaters also drain a small portion of southeastern Missouri. Via the White River the Cache is part of the Mississippi River watershed.The Cache is formed by a confluence of agricultural ditches in Butler County Missouri and soon enters Arkansas flowing generally south-southwestwardly.
 The Buhăescu River is a tributary of the Râul Repede in Romania.
 LeGore Lake is a tarn located in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of northeastern Oregon United States. It is the highest true lake in Oregon at 8950 feet (2730 m) elevation. It is positioned near Twin Peaks and is accessed by a 4 mile hiking trail that ascends 4000 feet and passes the LeGore mine the lake's namesake.
 The Siret or Sireth (Ukrainian: Сірет or Серет Romanian: Siret pronounced [siˈret] Hungarian: Szeret Russian: Сирет) is a river that rises from the Carpathians in the Northern Bukovina region of Ukraine and flows southward into Romania for 470 km before it joins the Danube. In ancient times it was named Hierasus (Ancient Greek Ιερασός).
 The Pârâul Buciumanilor or Bucium River is a tributary of the Abrud River in Romania
 Inwangsan is a mountain with a height of 338 meters located in Jongno-gu and Hongje-dong Seodaemun-gu central areas of Seoul South Korea. The name literally means mountain of generous king in Korean. The mountain covers an area of 1086696.50㎡ and has many huge granite peaks which distinguish it from other mountains in Seoul.
 The Valea Făgețelului River is a tributary of the Bădeni river in Romania.
 The River Oykel (Scottish Gaelic: Òiceall / Abhainn Òicill pronounced [au.ɪɲ ɤçɡ̊ʲɪɫ̪]) is a major river in northern Scotland that is famous for its salmon fishing. It rises on Ben More Assynt a few miles from Ullapool on the west coast of Scotland and drains into the North Sea via the Kyle of Sutherland. Traditionally it has marked the boundary between Ross to the south and Sutherland to the north.
 The Geamăna River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 Old Sun Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated immediately to the east and northeast of Mount Merritt at an elevation between 9400 and 8600 ft (2900 and 2600 m) above sea level. The glacier was named after a sun priest of the Blackfoot called Ntas translated to Old Sun. Old Sun Glacier has numerous crevasses and appears to have a healthy accumulation zone. Old Sun Glacier lost 12 percent of its surface area between 1966 and 2005.
 The Mogoșu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Kuttajärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the Northern Savonia region of Finland.
 Source Lake is a lake in the Nelson River drainage basin in the Unorganized part of Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario Canada.The lake is about 500 metres (1640 ft) long and 140 metres (459 ft) wide lies at an elevation of 380 metres (1247 ft) and is located about 25 kilometres (16 mi) north northeast of the city of Kenora.
 Overhanging Tower is a (12169-foot (3709 m)) mountain located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Overhanging Tower is on the west side of the Cirque of the Towers a popular climbing area. The peak is just north of Sharks Nose and south of the peak known as Wolfs Head. Overhanging Tower is situated on the Continental Divide.
 Monksville Reservoir known for its trophy size muskellunge walleye bass and trout sits atop the defunct community of Monksville New Jersey. The lake is used by anglers sporting clubsthe Society for the Education of American Sailors (SEAS) and is the home of Highlands Rowing Center.
 Kaserwand is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Julienne is a tiny lunar crater that is located in the irregular terrain to the south and slightly to the east of the prominent crater Archimedes.This is a circular cup-shaped feature with an even smaller crater near the eastern rim. The surface about this crater is marked by ray material from the crater Autolycus to the northeast. There are narrow clefts in the surface to the north and south of Julienne and a hilly region to the west.
 Lake Sylva is an 11-acre man-made lake along the Shabakunk Creek in Ewing New Jersey. It is located on the campus of The College of New Jersey. The lake was created when an earthen dam was constructed across the Shabakunk in the 1920s by a local landowner prior to the construction of the current college campus. It once contained several islands but these were removed during a dredging project in 1988-1989.
 The Oberaarhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Bern. Its summit (3629 metres) is the tripoint between the basins of the Fiesch (Valais) Unteraar and Oberaar Glacier (Bern).
 The Ploučnice (German: Polzen) is a river in the Czech Republic. It is a tributary of the Labe which it flows into in Děčín.
 The Propre River is located in the municipality of Lac-aux-Sables in Regional County Municipality of Mékinac Regional County Municipality in the administrative region Mauricie in the province of Quebec Canada. The Propre River watershed is part of the Batiscanie and its total distance is 6.7 km.Propre river has its source in Lac-aux-Sables located northwest of the main village in the area campgrounds. On its way downward the river is passing near the Petit lac noir (little black lake).
 Lower Two Medicine Lake is located partly in Glacier National Park as well as on the Blackfeet Indian Reservation in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is natural but has a small dam which regulates the lake level and reduces the potential for downstream flooding. Lower Two Medicine Dam is an earthen structure built in 1967 for flood control and irrigation storage impounding a maximum capacity of 25120 acre-feet.
 Inielika is a volcano located in the central part of the island of Flores Indonesia north of the city of Bajawa.
 Bukit Timah is an area in Singapore and a hill in that area. Bukit Timah is located near the centre of the Singapore main island. The hill stands at an altitude of 163.63 metres (537 ft.) and is the highest point in the city-state of Singapore. The surrounding area is an urban planning area known as Bukit Timah Planning Area under the Urban Redevelopment Authority and is part of the Central Region and lies 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) from the city's central business district the Central Area.
 The Susai River is a headwater of the Timișul Sec de Sus River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Noroios is a tributary of the Calnic River in Romania.
 Montgomery Peak is a mountain in the White Mountains of California USA. It is less than 1 mile (1.6 km) from Boundary Peak the highest point in Nevada. It can be climbed in combination with Boundary Peak. The mountain is in the Inyo National Forest and White Mountains Wilderness.
 The Great Craggy Mountains commonly called the Craggies are a mountain range in western North Carolina United States. They are a subrange of the Blue Ridge Mountains and encompass an area of approx. 194 sq mi (503 km²). They are situated in Buncombe County North Carolina 14 miles northeast of Asheville. The Black Mountains lie to the northeast across the upper Cane River valley.The Blue Ridge Parkway runs along the crest for most of the way between Asheville and Mount Mitchell.
 The Wetter is small 69 km long river in Hesse Germany and right tributary to the Nidda.After leaving the Vogelsberg mountain range the river flows through the Wetterau a fertile landscape just north of Frankfurt which is named after the river. The principal towns the river along the river are Laubach Lich Bad Nauheim and Friedberg. The Wetter receives its largest tributary the Usa at Friedberg just before it finally joins the Nidda at Niddatal-Assenheim.
 La Tourne (el. 1170 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.It connects Les Ponts-de-Martel and Montmollin. The pass road has a maximum grade of 10 percent.
 The Budeasa River is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
 Apoyeque is a pyroclastic shield located in the Chiltepe Peninsula Natural Reserve in Nicaragua. It has a 2.8-km wide 400-m-deep lake-filled caldera.
 Piz Plavna Dadaint is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located between the Val Sampuoir and the Val Plavna in the canton of Graubünden.
 Jebel Musa (Arabic: جبل موسى‎ Jabal Mūsā in Berber Adrar Musa) Mount Moses when translated literally into English is the name given to a mountain in the northernmost part of Morocco on the African side of the Strait of Gibraltar. It is part of the Rif mountain chain. The mountain is generally identified as the southern Pillar of Hercules.
 Battleship Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island east of Lake Helen Mackenzie on Forbidden Plateau in Strathcona Provincial Park. It was named Battleship Lake because there are many battle ships that reside on the three islands.
 Lac de Guéry is a lake in Puy-de-Dôme France. At an elevation of 1244 m its surface area is 0.25 km².
 Lago Coipasa or Salar de Coipasa is a lake in Atahuallpa Province Oruro Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 3657 m its surface area is 806 km². It's on the western part of Altiplano 20 km north of Salar de Uyuni and south of the main road linking Oruro and Huara (Chile) .Coipasa Lake is a tectonic lake with a depth of 3.5 metres that surrounds to Salar de Coipasa and to the volcanic cone of Wila Pukarani. Thousands of flamingos have settled on the shores of Lake Coipasa.
 Newton is a large crater on Mars with a diameter close to 300 km. It is located south of the planet's equator in the heavily cratered highlands of Terra Sirenum. The impact that formed Newton likely occurred more than 3 billion years ago. The crater contains smaller craters within its basin and is particularly notable for gully formations that are presumed to be indicative of past liquid water flows.
 Volcán San Pedro (or Las Yeguas) (3020 metres (9908 ft)) is a stratovolcano in Guatemala on the shores of Lago de Atitlán. At its base is a village of the same name: San Pedro La Laguna.
 Lake Marcel is a private reservoir and community in unincorporated Carnation Lake Marcel-Stillwater King County Washington United States in the foothills of the Cascades.Lake Marcel has a surface area of 33 acres (130000 m2) and a watershed of 1290 acres (5.2 km2). It has a maximum depth of 17 feet (5.2 m).Lake Marcel is the third largest lake by surface area in Carnation after Lake Joy with 105 acres (0.42 km2) and Lake Langlois with 39 acres (160000 m2).
 Cristal Mountains (Portuguese: Serra do Cristal) also known as Santo Antônio Mountains are located in Brazil in the state of Minas Gerais.One of the tourist points of interests of the mountain range are Cristal Falls they have 20 metres (66 ft) of height.
 The Alagnon (Alanhon in Occitan) also spelled Allagnon is a 86 kilometres (53 mi) long river in central France left tributary of the river Allier. Its source is near the village Laveissière near the Plomb du Cantal in the Massif Central. The Alagnon flows generally northeast through the following départements and towns: Cantal: Murat Massiac Haute-Loire: Lempdes-sur-Allagnon Puy-de-Dôme: BeaulieuThe Alagnon flows into the river Allier at Auzat-la-Combelle.
 The Hochspeyerbach is a 21 km long river in the Palatinate forest in Rhineland-Palatinate and a left tributary of the Speyerbach.
 Imingfjellet is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Oswald Dome (elevation 3022 ft 921 m) is a mountain located in the Cherokee National Forest in Polk County Tennessee.
 Pizzo di Cadrèigh (2516 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located west of Olivone in the canton of Ticino. It lies south of the Scopi between the Val di Campo and the Valle Santa Maria.
 Cotuhé River (Spanish pronunciation: [kotuˈe]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin and is a tributary of the Putumayo River.
 Luitpoldhügel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Illullip Sermia is a tidewater glacier in the Qaasuitsup municipality on the northwestern shore of Greenland. It drains the Greenland ice sheet southwestwards into Inussulik Bay an inlet of Baffin Bay. The glacier front is located between the Sanningassorsuaq Peninsula in the north and the base of Illulissuaq Peninsula in the south. The glacier front is located at 74°22′40″N 56°04′50″W.
 Hvannadalshnúkur or Hvannadalshnjúkur (pronounced [ˈkvanːatalsˌn̥ʲuːkʏr]) is a pyramidal peak on the northwestern rim of the summit crater of the Öræfajökull volcano in Iceland and is the highest point of the island. An official measurement completed in August 2005 established its height as 2109.6 metres (6921 ft) (previously set as 2119 m (6952 ft)).The peak is part of the Vatnajökull National Park.
 Democritus is a lunar impact crater that is located on the northern part of the Moon just to the north of the Mare Frigoris. Just to the south of Democritus is the lava-flooded crater Gärtner which forms a bay on the mare. Directly to the north is Arnold another flooded formation.
 Cima Rossa is a 3161 metres high mountain in the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. On the west side it overlooks the valley of Malvaglia (Ticino) and on the east side it overlooks the valley of Calanca (Graubünden).Cima Rossa is connected to the higher massif of the Vogelberg by a four km ridge not descending lower than 2925 metres. A secondary summit (3121 metres) named Piz Piotta lies north of the summit of Cima Rossa.
 The Kezar River is a 14.2-mile-long (22.9 km) tributary of the Old Course Saco River in western Maine in the United States. It starts at the outlet of Five Kezar Ponds in the town of Lovell drops over Kezar Falls and flows southwest briefly entering the town of Sweden before reentering Lovell and passing that town's central village.
 The Chiojdul River is a tributary of the Pârâul Cetăţii in Romania.
 The Mingha River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows east then south from its origin on the slopes of Mt Temple meeting the Bealey River eight kilometres south of Arthur's Pass.Together with Goat Pass (1071 metres (3514 ft)) and the Deception River the Mingha valley forms a route across the Southern Alps known as the Mingha/Deception. It is used for the mountain running segment of the annual Coast to Coast race.
 The Karluk River is a stream 24 miles (39 km) long on Kodiak Island in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins at Karluk Lake in the Kodiak National Wildlife Refuge and flows north and then northwest through Karluk Lagoon to the Shelikof Strait at Karluk.Sportfishing is popular in this river basin the largest and most productive on Kodiak Island. It has significant runs of sockeye salmon Coho pink Chinook and chum salmon and steelhead and Dolly Varden trout are also prevalent.
 The Bistra River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 The Huc River is a tributary of the Hatnuța River in Romania.
 Bilauktaung is a subrange of the Tenasserim Hills. It is located in Burma on the border with Thailand. It extends from the Dawna Range for about 400 km along the frontier area to the Kra Isthmus.The Bilauktaung includes Myinmoletkat Taung 2072 m the highest point of the northern section of the Tenasserim range and with a prominence of 1857 m one of the ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia.
 The Hautapu River is a river in the Manawatu-Wanganui region of New Zealand. It originates from Ngamatea Swamp in the New Zealand Army's Waiouru Training area. From here it flows south through private farmland and in some places following State Highway 1 for several kilometres before entering the Rangitikei River south of Taihape.
 Red Lake is a lake in Orlando Florida United States near Orlando International Airport between Lake Nona and Lake Buck.
 Floodwood River is an 11.0-mile-long (17.7 km) river in Ontonagon County in the U.S. state of Michigan.The Floodwood River rises from the highlands of southern Ontonagon Township at 46°43′13″N 89°23′04″W and flows north into Lake Superior at 46°50′58″N 89°23′51″W approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) west of the village of Ontonagon. The Floodwood is one of several nearly parallel streams draining the highlands of Ontonagon Township.
 The Ursu River is a tributary of the Schitu River in Romania.
 The Schreckhorn (4078 m) is a mountain in the Bernese Alps. It is the highest peak located entirely in the canton of Berne. The Schreckhorn is the northernmost Alpine four-thousander and the northernmost summit rising above 4000 metres in Europe.
 Jach'a Quta (Aymara jach'a big great quta lake great lake hispanicized spelling Jacha Kkota) is a lake in Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Aroma Province Calamarca Municipality west of Calamarca.
 The Strumica (Macedonian and Bulgarian: Струмица [ˈstrumitsa] ; also transliterated Strumitsa or Strumitza) or Strumeshnitsa (Bulgarian: Струмешница) is a river in the Republic of Macedonia and Bulgaria. It runs through the town of Strumica and flows into the Struma River.The Strumica takes its source from the Plačkovica mountain in Radoviš municipality in the Republic of Macedonia running south in a deep valley and then known as the Stara Reka.
 The Klipplaat River is a river in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa.
 The Cotoru River is a tributary of the Dealu River in Romania.
 Hasenöhrl is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Damtjern is a small lake which lies in Krokskogen Ringerike in the county of Buskerud Norway.Damtjern is a setting-off point for walking in the area both in summer and winter. There is a road up to Damtjern from Stubbdal Stubbdal a village situated at the head of Åsa in Ringerike municipality. Between Stubbdal and Damtjern there are also tracks to the old Conveyor in Asa (Kjerraten i Åsa).
 The Braunsel is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Grey Lake is a glacially fed lake in Torres del Paine National Park southern Chile.
 Brüggen Glacier also known as Pío XI Glacier is in southern Chile and is the largest western outflow from the Southern Patagonian Ice Field. Now about 66 km (41 mi) in length it is the longest glacier in the southern hemisphere outside of Antarctica. Unlike most glaciers worldwide it advanced significantly from 1945 to 1976 Brüggen surged 5 km (3.1 mi) across the Eyre Fjord reaching the western shore by 1962 and cutting off Lake Greve from the sea.
 Broom Fell is a small hill in the English Lake District. It lies on a ridge connecting Lord's Seat and Graystones but is rarely climbed. Alfred Wainwright did however accord it the status of a separate fell in his influential guidebook series the Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells.
 Bear Lake is a small freshwater lake in Kalkaska County Michigan USA. The lake has enhanced clarity due to springs that feed into it. Numerous Tiki Bars dot the shoreline placed there by the surrounding homeowners. The lake has a public sandy beach.
 Dix Mountain is the sixth highest peak in the High Peaks Region of the Adirondack Park and is located roughly on the boundary between the towns of North Hudson and Keene in Essex County New York.
 The American River is a tributary of the Naches River in Washington in the United States. It flows down the east side of the Cascade Range through Wenatchee National Forest and the William O. Douglas Wilderness.From its source at American Lake it flows north for several miles picking up its tributary the Rainier Fork American River which flows east down from the vicinity of Chinook Pass.
 Sotará is a stratovolcano located in Cauca Department Colombia.
 The Port de Pailhères (or Col de Pailhères) (2001 m (6565 ft)) is a pass in the Ariège department of the French Pyrenees located on the secondary road D25 between Mijanès (south-east) and Ax-les-Thermes (west).
 Piz Scerscen (3971 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range in Switzerland and Italy joining the neighbouring Piz Bernina by its north-east ridge via a 3895 m pass. Its name means 'the circular mountain' ('Scerscen' is pronounced cherchen).The mountain has a prominent secondary summit called the Schneehaube (3875 m).The first ascent of Piz Scerscen was by Paul Güssfeldt Hans Grass and Caspar Capat on 13 September 1877 via the north-west spur descending the same way.
 The Asopos (Greek: Ασωπός referred to in Latin sources as Asopus) is a river in Boeotia and northern Attica Greece. In antiquity it formed the border between the cities of Thebes and Plataea. The Battle of Plataea was fought on its banks. According to Pausanias (5.14.3) the Boeotian Asopus can produce the tallest reeds of any river.Its source is on the northern slope of the Kithairon mountain southwest of Thebes. It empties into the South Euboean Gulf near Skala Oropou.
 Mount Mitoku (三徳山 Mitoku-san) is a mountain located in Misasa Tottori Prefecture. Mount Mitoku has an elevation of 900 m (2953 ft). Mount Mitoku was known from ancient times as a place of both religious significance and scenic beauty. The mountain is home to Sanbutsu-ji a historically significant temple designated an Important Treasure of Japan in 1952.
 The Peștera River is a tributary of the Căian River in Romania.
 Fredholm is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged ground to the west of the Mare Crisium. It lies mid-way between the prominent craters Macrobius to the north and Proclus almost due south.This is a circular symmetrical formation with a bowl-shaped interior. The inner walls gradually slope down towards the small central floor which is less than one quarter the total diameter of the crater. Neatly attached to the northern rim is the smaller Macrobius E.
 The Căprioara River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
 The Hatchie River is a 238-mile-long (383 km) stream in northern Mississippi and southwestern Tennessee. It is of considerable geographic cultural and historic significance. In large measure this is because it is the only major stream of West Tennessee that has never been impounded channelized or otherwise modified by human activity to any major degree although several of its tributaries have.
 The Tilișca River is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
 Q'asiri (Aymara for bawler hispanicized spelling Casiri) is a mountainous complex in the Barroso mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5650 metres (18537 ft) high. It is located at the border of the Tacna Region Tacna Province Palca District and the Tarata Province Tarata District.
 The Flaxbourne River is a river in the Marlborough region of New Zealand. It arises in the Inland Kaikoura Range and Halden Hills and flows east and then south-east into the South Pacific Ocean near Ward. It is named after the Flaxbourne sheep station established by Sir Charles Clifford in 1847. The river is narrow and choked with willows.The river provides water for irrigation and for stock and domestic supply. During summer the demand for water normally exceeds the availability.
 Surat At-Tur (Arabic: سورة الطور‎) ( Altoor الطور ) is one of the many Arabic words for The Mount / mountain) is the 52nd sura of the Qur'an with 49 ayat. The surah that opens with the oath of the Divine One swearing by THE MOUNT of Sinai where the Torah was revealed to Moses. It takes its name from “the mount” (ṭūr) mentioned in Ayah#1. The surah which addresses many of the arguments put to the Prophet by the disbelievers of Mecca (ayah#29 ff.).
 Nevado del Huila (/nɛˈvɑːdoʊ dɛl ˈwiːlə/ Spanish pronunciation: [neˈβaðo ðel ˈwila]) at 5364 metres (17598 ft) is the highest volcano in Colombia located in Huila Department Tolima and Cauca Departments. After being dormant for more than 500 years the volcano showed heavy signs of activity in 2007 and 2008. As of February 20 2007 there were more than 7000 minor seismic events and a high state of alert was in place for the departments of Cauca Huila Caldas and Valle del Cauca.
 Pari Chata also spelled Parichata (Aymara pari red hot Pukina chata mountain red hot mountain) is a mountain in the Andes in Bolivia about 4704 m (15433 ft) high. It is located in the Cordillera de los Frailes in the Potosí Department Tomás Frías Province Yocalla Municipality north of the river Pillku Mayu (red river).
 Kalamalka Lake (aka Kal Lake) is a large lake in the Interior Plateau of southern central British Columbia Canada east of Okanagan Lake and approximately 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) south of Vernon. The lake is named for the Okanagan (Okanogan U.S. spelling) Indian chief who occupied its northern shores.At different times of the year the colour of the lake can range from cyan to indigo in different spots at the same time.
 The Stelli is a mountain of the Plessur Alps overlooking Langwies in the canton of Graubünden. It lies west of the Weissfluh.
 Gleesberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Steinberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Fortymile River is a 60-mile (97 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska and the Canadian territory of Yukon. Beginning at the confluence of its north and south forks in the Southeast Fairbanks Census Area the Fortymile flows generally northeast into Canada to meet the larger river 32 miles (51 km) southeast of Eagle Alaska.
 Bay Springs Lake is a reservoir on the Tennessee-Tombigbee Waterway in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It is impounded by the Jamie Whitten Lock and Dam. The lake is approximately nine miles long between waterway mile markers 412 at the dam and 421 near the entrance to the divide cut.
 The Teram Kangri group is a mountain massif in the remote Siachen Muztagh a subrange of the Karakoram range. The high point of the group and of the Siachen Muztagh is Teram Kangri I. The peak lies on the boundary between China and the disputed Siachen Glacier region near the line of control between India and Pakistan.
 Fagerfjell is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Badkhal Lake was a natural lake situated in Faridabad Haryana about 32 kilometers from Delhi.It was a natural lake surrounded by hilly areas of the Aravali Range in Haryana.
 The Flint Creek Range el. 10168 feet (3099 m) is a mountain range northeast of Philipsburg Montana in Granite County Montana. The highest point in the range is Mount Powell at 10168 ft. in elevation.About 60000 acres of the Flints are roadless. From Deer Lodge Montana there appears to be a level barren ridge connecting Mount Powell and Deer Lodge Mountain el. 9765 ft.
 The San Luis Reservoir is an artificial lake on San Luis Creek in the eastern slopes of the Diablo Range of Merced County California approximately 12 mi (19 km) west of Los Banos on State Route 152 which crosses Pacheco Pass and runs along its north shore. The reservoir stores water taken from the San Joaquin-Sacramento River Delta.
 The Ihungia River is a river of the northeastern North Island of New Zealand. It flows north from its source inland from Te Puia Springs joining with the Mata River 15 kilometres southwest of Ruatoria.
 Waindina River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Store Erte is a lake in the municipality of Halden in Østfold county Norway.
 Grass Mountain is a mountain located in Bennington County Vermont. Grass Mountain is flanked to the north by Big Spruce Mountain and to the southeast by Spruce Mountain.Grass Mountain stands within the watershed of the Hudson River which drains into New York Bay.The north side of Grass Mountain drains into Batten Kill thence into the Hudson River.The east side of Grass Mountain drains into Dry Brook thence into Batten Kill.
 The Mangatu River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south from its sources in rough hill country northeast of Matawai to reach the Waipaoa River at Whatatutu.
 The Grant Range is a mountain chain in east-central Nevada in the western United States. It runs for approximately 30 miles (50 km) in a generally north-south direction in northeastern Nye County. It is located south of the Horse Range and northeast of the closely associated Quinn Canyon Range. To the west is the expansive Railroad Valley and to the east is the White River Valley.
 Saraqucha or Sara Qucha (Quechua sara maize qucha lake lagoon maize lake hispanicized spellings Saracocha Saraccocha Sara Cocha) is a lake in Peru situated in the Puno Region San Roman Province Cabanillas District.
 The Turbata River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Triebisch is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Schmidt Lake is a lake in Hammonds Plains northwest of Halifax City in the Halifax Regional Municipality of Nova Scotia Canada.
 Guanía River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 Bitihorn is a mountain in the southernmost outskirts of Jotunheimen Norway. It is situated due west of national route 51 and is therefore a landmark for tourists following that popular route.
 Vargebreen is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Lunga River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 Lake Vaughan is a lake of Yarmouth District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Großer Segeberger See is a lake in Kreis Segeberg Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Blackwater River is in the South Island of New Zealand flowing into the Buller River between Westport and Inangahua Junction. The river was named due to the dark coloured waters the Māori discovered.
 The Ponor River is a tributary of the Râul Țarinii in Romania.
 Yebongsan is a mountain near the city of Namyangju Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 683.2 m (2241 ft).
 Binn Chaonaigh is a 633-metre (2077 ft) mountain in County Galway Ireland. It the fourth highest peak in the Maumturks range which lie within the Connemara region.
 Smoothrock Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 The South Fork Kern River is a tributary of the Kern River in the Sierra Nevada of the U.S. state of California. It is one of the southernmost rivers on the western slope of the mountains and drains an area of 982 square miles (2540 km2) that comprises mostly rugged mountain ridges and dry evergreen forest. Much of the river courses through tight canyons and steep gorges but it flows through a broad marshy valley as it nears its mouth on Lake Isabella.
 Waiʻanae Range (sometimes referred to as the Waianae Mountains) is the eroded remains of an ancient shield volcano that comprises the western half of the Hawaiian Island of Oʻahu.
 Lake Rabun is a twisty 835-acre (3.4 km2) reservoir with 25 miles (40 km) of shoreline located in the Northeastern corner of Georgia in Rabun County. It is the third lake in a six-lake series that follows the original course of the Tallulah River. The series begins with Lake Burton as the northernmost lake followed by Lake Seed Lake Rabun Lake Tallulah Falls Lake Tugalo and Lake Yonah. Lake Rabun was built in a deep valley located along a 10-mile (16 km) section of the Tallulah River.
 The Dives is a 105 km long river in the Pays d'Auge Normandie France. It flows into the English Channel in Cabourg.The source of the Dives is near Exmes in the Orne department. The Dives flows generally north through the following departments and towns:Orne: TrunCalvados: Morteaux-Coulibœuf Saint-Pierre-sur-Dives Troarn Dives-sur-Mer CabourgThe Dives is officially navigable up to the bridge at Putot-en-Auge although height restrictions apply.
 Bloody River is a river in Nunavut and the Northwest Territories Canada at approximately 66.9335894°N 120.5684764°W﻿ / 66.9335894; -120.5684764. It flows into Great Bear Lake in the Northwest Territories.An outcrop of Saline River gypsum was noted near Bloody River 67°57′N 119°31′W (NTS 86 M)* +27.215.W. Kupsch found tails of till-covered bedrock behind eroded rock bosses and referred to such compound landforms as crag-and-tail drumlins west of Bloody River.
 The Gorgan River is a tributary of the Hopârta River in Romania.
 The Baranca River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Poggio Sommorto is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 The Alligator Lake volcanic complex is a group of basaltic cinder cones and lava flows in south central Yukon. The upper part of the Alligator Lake volcanic complex consists of two well-preserved cinder cones capping a small shield volcano. They probably post-date the local Holocene glaciation. Lava flows from both cinder cones traveled to the north and were erupted simultaneously. Their compositions range from alkali olivine basalt to basanitic.
 Beaumont is a lava-flooded crater located on the southwestern shore of the Mare Nectaris on Earth's Moon. It lies to the northwest of the similarly flooded crater remnant Fracastorius. To the west is the prominent crater Catharina.The rim of Beaumont is breached in the east where the lava from Mare Nectaris broached the crater and flooded the interior. Now only a worn and crater-impacted outer wall remains. If the crater once possessed a central peak it is no longer apparent.
 Casatus is a lunar impact crater that is located near the southern limb of the Moon. The north-northeast rim of the crater overlies a portion of the slightly larger crater Klaproth. Along the western rim Casatus A intrudes somewhat into the interior producing an inward-bowing rim. To the southeast of Casatus is Newton.The outer rim of Casatus is old and worn with many tiny impacts along the rim and inner wall. The small satellite crater Casatus J lies across the south-southeastern rim.
 Tyndall is a relatively small lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon behind the southeastern limb. It is located very near the western outer rim of the larger crater Pizzetti and the two are separated only by a few kilometers. To the southwest of Tyndall is the crater Bjerknes and to the south lies Clark.This is a roughly circular bowl-shaped crater with a slight outward bulge along the eastern face. The rim edge is not significantly eroded and remains well-defined.
 The Iconha River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Chișlic River is a tributary of the Pârâul Drugii in Romania.
 Großer Arber (German for Great Arber Czech: Velký Javor) is the highest peak of the Bavarian-Bohemian-mountain ridge with an elevation of 1455.5 metres (4775 ft). Although geographically belonging to the Bohemian Forest it is often referred to as King of the Bavarian Forest.
 Udina (Russian: Удина) is a volcanic massif located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It comprises two conical stratovolcanoes: Bolshaya Udina (2920 m) and Malaya Udina (1945 m).
 Kodachadri is a mountain peak with dense forests (altitude - 1343 metres above sea level) in the Western Ghats in South India (Shimoga Dist. Karnataka State). It is declared as natural heritage site by Government Karnataka.
 Skoddenosi is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Rooster Comb is a prominent ridge located within Henry W. Coe State Park east of Morgan Hill California. Rooster Comb is located within Stanislaus County. Its name refers to the large fleshy red skin atop a rooster's head. The resemblance to a rooster's comb is evident by the large rock formations running the length of the ridge separating it from the grassy slopes below. This contrast gives the illusion of a rooster's comb.
 The Fildu River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 The Inot River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Cadair Idris or Cader Idris is a mountain in Gwynedd Wales which lies at the southern end of the Snowdonia National Park near the town of Dolgellau. The peak which is one of the most popular in Wales for walkers and hikers is composed largely of Ordovician igneous rocks with classic glacial erosion features such as cwms moraines striated rocks and roches moutonnées.
 The Puturosu River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Słupienica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Rudzianka.
 Orlången is a lake in central Huddinge Municipality just south of Stockholm Sweden.Orlången one of the lakes in the Tyresån Lake System forms part of the Orlången Nature Reserve.
 The Konkouré River is a river in west Africa. The river originates in west central Guinea West Africa and flowing in a westerly direction 303 km to the Atlantic Ocean.The river generates electricity from the Garafiri Dam a second hydroelectric dam in planned for construction on the river near Kaléta.
 The Whitefish River is a tributary of the Flathead River in the U.S. state of Montana. It is part of the Columbia River basin as the Flathead River is a tributary of Clark Fork which is tributary to the Pend Oreille River which is tributary to the Columbia River.
 The Cerkno Hills (Slovene: Cerkljansko hribovje or Cerkljansko) is a transitional region between the Alpine and the Dinaric landscape centered on Cerkno in northwestern Slovenia. Several passes in this area connect the Poljane Valley and the Selca Valley with the Idrijca Valley and the Soča Valley. The highest peak is Porezen (1630 metres or 5350 feet).The landscape is geologically very diverse and one of the most interesting in Slovenia in this regard.
 The River Lathkill is a river in the Peak District National Park in Derbyshire England.First recorded in 1280 the name Lathkill possibly has Scandinavian roots the old Norse hlada-kill translating as narrow valley with a barn.
 Veeranam Lake(Veeranaaraayanapuram Lake) is located 14 km (8.7 mi) SSW of Chidambaram in Cuddalore district in the state of Tamil Nadu in South India. 1 km (0.62 mi) from Sethiyathope. The lake located 235 km (146 mi) from Chennai India is one of the water reservoirs from where water is planned to be supplied to Chennai.The Veeranam project to supply water to Chennai was conceived in 1967 by the then Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu C. N. Annadurai and executed under his successor M.
 The Lyuboseyevka River (Russian: Любосе́евка) is a river in Moscow Oblast Russia. It is a right tributary of the Vorya. It is 15 km in length. Source near the town of Fryazino. Flows all over on the east passing the manor of Grebnevo and entering the Vorya near the settlement of Mednoye-Vlasovo.
 Mount Narodnaya (also known as Naroda and Poenurr; Russian: Гора Народная На'рода-Из the name refers to river Naroda which originates from the mount; the meaning People's Mountain (from the Russian narod — people) is inaccurate) located in the Research Range is the highest peak of the Urals in Russia. Its elevation is 1895 metres (6217 ft).
 Heinsius is an eroded lunar crater that lies in the southwestern part of the Moon. It is located to the northwest of the prominent crater Tycho and rays from that formation pass to the north and south of Heinsius as well as marking the rim and interior with material. To the south-southwest of Heinsius is the larger walled plain Wilhelm.The southern part of this crater has been heavily damaged by subsequent impacts.
 Mt. Nandakhat (Bed of Nandadevi) positioned outside the Nandadevi sanctuary or at the rim of Nandadevi Sanctuary (Longitude 79° 58' 33’’ and Latitude 30° 18' 6’’ N) at an elevation of 6611 mts.
 Heart Peaks originally known as the Heart Mountains is a mountain massif in the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada. It is located 90 km (56 mi) northwest of the small community of Telegraph Creek and just southwest of Callison Ranch. With a maximum elevation of 2012 m (6601 ft) it rises above the surrounding landscape on the Nahlin Plateau which is part of the western Stikine Plateau.
 The Birău River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
 The Väike Emajõgi is a river in southern Estonia that drains into Lake Võrtsjärv.
 Jackson Lake is one of the oldest reservoirs in Georgia 44 miles (71 km) southeast of Atlanta in a rural area situated within parts of three counties (Jasper Newton and Butts). The Lloyd Shoals Dam was built in 1910 by Central Georgia Power Company and electricity was originally generated for the city of Macon.
 Lake Lou Yaeger is a 1300-acre (5.2 km²) reservoir located in Montgomery County Illinois. Created by damming the West Fork of Illinois's Shoal Creek it was built for recreation sport fishing and flood control purposes. The lake is 8 miles (13 km) long and 0.5 miles (0.8 km) wide. The nearest town is Litchfield Illinois south of Springfield Illinois and north of St. Louis Missouri.Lake Lou Yaeger is managed for bass bluegill catfish and crappie.
 Heersberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 The Smallwood Reservoir is a large reservoir located in the western part of Labrador in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. The reservoir is the source of the Churchill River. Unlike other reservoirs water is contained not by a single large dam but by a series of 88 dikes that total 64 km (40 mi) in length.
 The Noosa River is a river situated in South East Queensland. The catchment starts in Wahpoonga Range near Mount Elliot in the coastal Great Sandy National Park and meanders south through a lakes district around Tewantin.Lakes situated on the river include Lake Cooloola Lake Como Lake Cootharaba Lake Cooroibah and Lake Weyba.
 The Caramávida River is a river of Chile.
 Belopol'skiy is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the west of the crater Houzeau and northeast of Strömgren. Just to the northwest of Belopol'skiy is the crater Ioffe.The rim of Belopol'skiy is somewhat eroded particularly at the southern end where several small craterlets have worn away the rim edge. There is a slight intrusion in the northwestern rim where the ground has been modified by neighbouring Ioffe.
 Trancura River (also known as Pucón River or Minetúe River) is a river located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile. Its headwaters drain the southeasternmost portion of Villarrica National Park including the northwestern slope of Lanín volcano.
 The Nuhaka River is a river of the Gisborne and Hawke's Bay regions of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally south from its sources in rough coastal hill country south of Gisborne reaching the sea at Nuhaka close to the northern end of Hawke Bay.
 Hintere Schwärze (Italian: Cima Nera) is a mountain on the border between Austria and Italy. At 3628 metres (11903 ft) it is the fourth highest peak in the Ötztal Alps.
 Hayrick Butte is a tuya volcano in the Cascade Range of northern Oregon located near Santiam Pass just west of the Cascade Crest. It is adjacent to the cinder cone Hoodoo Butte which overlaps its western edge.A tuya is a type of subglacial volcano formed when lava erupts underneath an overlying glacier or ice sheet and then melts through to the surface and pools producing the flat plateau on top with near-vertical walls along the ice-contact margin as the lava cools and hardens.
 Mount Webster is a mountain located on the border between Coos County and Carroll County New Hampshire. The mountain formerly called Notch Mountain is named after Daniel Webster (1782–1852) and is the southwesternmost of the Presidential Range of the White Mountains.
 The Vermilac River is an 8.8-mile-long (14.2 km) river in Baraga County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Worm Lake the outlet of which is the Rock River which flows to the Sturgeon River and eventually to Lake Superior.
 Big Rocky Pond also known as Rocky Pond is a 20-acre (81000 m2) pond in the Ponds of Plymouth neighborhood of Plymouth Massachusetts. The pond is located west of Long Duck Pond and north of Big Sandy Pond. Access to the pond is along its northern shore.There is another Rocky Pond within Plymouth's borders. It is located in the Myles Standish State Forest.
 The Finlay River is a 402 km long river in north-central British Columbia flowing north and thence south from Thutade Lake in the Omineca Mountains to Williston Lake the impounded waters of the Peace River formed by the completion of the W.A.C. Bennett Dam in 1968. Prior to this the Finlay joined with the Parsnip River to form the Peace. The headwaters of the Finlay at Thutade Lake are considered the ultimate source of the Mackenzie River.
 Kadumbul River is a river of Sumba Indonesia.
 Milluqucha (Quechua millu salty / aluminum sulfate used to dye something qucha lake hispanicized spelling Millococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region Huancavelica Province Acobambilla District. Milluqucha lies west of the large lake Warmiqucha. Near the lake there is also a village named Milluqucha.
 At nearly 200 metres Smokey Hole Cave in Manchester Jamaica is the deepest known cave in the island.
 Mont Avril is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. Its summit has an elevation of 3347 metres above sea level and can be reached by a trail from the Fenêtre de Durand (2800 m).
 Redtop Peak is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the North West end of the Frankland Range and the South West end of the Madonna Ridge above the impoundment Lake Pedder to the west of The Cupola.
 The Glenroy River is a tributary of the Matakitaki River in the north of the South Island of New Zealand. It is widely known as a short class 4 river (River difficulty classification system for rafting).
 The Basingstoke Canal is a British canal completed in 1794 built to connect Basingstoke with the River Thames at Weybridge via the Wey Navigation.From Basingstoke the canal passes through or near Greywell North Warnborough Odiham Dogmersfield Fleet Farnborough Airfield Aldershot Mytchett Brookwood Knaphill and Woking. Its eastern end is at Byfleet where it connects to the Wey Navigation. This in turn leads to the River Thames at Weybridge.
 The Serra de Crevillent (Valencian pronunciation: [ˈsɛra ðe kɾeviˈʎent] Spanish: Sierra de Crevillente) is a mountain range in the Baetic System southern Spain. It spans the region of Murcia and the province of Alicante. The highest peak is Sant Gaietà at 835 meters near the town of Crevillent. The Serra de Crevillent is located between the Vinalopó river and the Sierra de Abanilla. The latter is geologically its western prolongation already within the Region of Murcia.
 Rush Creek is a 27.2-mile-long (43.8 km) creek in California on the eastern slope of the Sierra Nevada running east and then northeast to Mono Lake. Rush Creek is the largest stream in the Mono Basin carrying 41% of the total runoff.
 The Riddler at 11560 feet (3520 m) above sea level is the third highest peak in the Lemhi Range of Idaho. The peak is located in Butte County on the border of Caribou-Targhee National Forest and Salmon-Challis National Forest. Diamond Peak is 1.1 mi (1.8 km) north of the peak and Big Boy Peak is 0.7 mi (1.1 km) to the southeast. It is the 41st highest peak in Idaho.
 Mount Gibralfaro Spanish: Monte Gibralfaro is a hill located in Málaga in southeast Spain. It is a 130 m high foothill of the Montes de Málaga part of the Cordillera Penibética.At the top of the hill there is a castle overlooking Málaga city and the Mediterranean Sea.
 The Pembina River is a tributary of the Red River of the North approximately 319 miles (513 km) long in southern Manitoba in Canada and northeastern North Dakota in the United States. It drains an area (about 8500 square kilometers) of the prairie country along the U.S.-Canada border threading the Manitoba-North Dakota border eastward to the Red River.
 The Antholzer See (Italian: Lago di Anterselva; German: Antholzer See) is a lake in the Antholzertal in South Tyrol Italy. It belongs to the municipality of Rasen-Antholz.
 Lake Jualbup formerly Shenton Park Lake is located in the suburb of Shenton Park Perth Western Australia. The lake is contained within Shenton Park which is bounded by Lake Avenue Excelsior Street Evans Street and Herbert Road. As well as the lakes themselves the park area includes open grassed space playground equipment and a masonry building in the south-west corner. The lake is generally full during the winter rainy season but can dry up completely during the summer months.
 The Cadeia River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Bien River is a river in southern West Papua Indonesia.
 The Șicasău River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Kanal İstanbul is the Turkish project name of the artificial sea-level waterway which is proposed to be built by the Republic of Turkey on the European side of Turkey connecting the Black Sea to the Sea of Marmara and hence to the Aegean and Mediterranean Seas.
 Buyu Balease (also known as Baliase or Gunung Baleaseis) is a mountain on Sulawesi island located north-east of Palopo city in South Sulawesi Indonesia.
 The Konwakiton Glacier is a glacier situated on the southern flank of Mount Shasta in the U.S. state of California. It occupies the head of a large cirque on the south side of Shasta's Misery Hill cone just northeast of the prominent outcrop of Thumb Rock at about 11500 ft (3500 m). It is the fifth largest glacier on Mount Shasta although less than one-third the size of any of the four larger ones (Whitney Bolam Hotlum and Wintun).
 The Rătei River is a tributary of the Cascue River in Romania.
 Goat Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. No trails lead to the lake but it is most easily accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 080.Goat Lake is southeast of D. O. Lee Peak and northeast although in a separate basin than Island Lake.
 The Behela River or Luchin River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 The Hümmling (Homelinghen from hömil = small stone) is a ground moraine landscape up to 73 m above sea level in the Emsland region on the North German Plain in the western part of the German state of Lower Saxony.
 The Wicklow Mountains (Irish: Sléibhte Chill Mhantáin archaic: Cualu) form the largest continuous upland area in Ireland. They occupy the whole centre of County Wicklow and stretch outside its borders into Counties Carlow Wexford and Dublin. Where the mountains extend into County Dublin they are known locally as the Dublin Mountains (Irish: Sléibhte Bhaile Átha Cliath).
 Gran Encantat is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2748 metres (9016 ft) above sea level.
 The Espadas Peak (Spanish: Pico Espadas or Pico de la Espada) is a prominent mountain on the Spanish side of the Pyrenees in Grist Sahún municipality in the North of Ribagorza comarca Aragon. This mountain is one of the highest in the Pyrenees.This peak is located close to Pico Posets in an area of many high summits.
 Rays Hill is a mountain ridge in Pennsylvania's Ridge and Valley Appalachians region. It is bordered to the east by Sideling Hill. About halfway along its run the west side of Rays Hill ties into Broad Top Mountain a large plateau. On its west it is bordered by Tussey Mountain south of Broad Top Mountain and Rocky Ridge north of Broad Top Mountain. The ridge is known both as Rays and Wrays.
 Big Walnut Creek starts near Mount Gilead Ohio in Morrow County. It flows south to eastern Delaware County and parallels Alum Creek. It passes to the east of Sunbury and into Hoover Reservoir. The reservoir crosses into Franklin County and flows through Gahanna and Whitehall. Near Obetz it is joined by its principal tributaries Alum Creek and Blacklick Creek at the Three Creeks Columbus Metro Park.
 The Valea Nesecată River is a tributary of the Gepiu River in Romania
 Melimoyu is a stratovolcano (mapudungun meli=four moyu=breast) with an 8-km-wide largely buried caldera located about 40 km NW of the town of Puerto Puyuhuapi in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile. It lies near the northern entrance of the Moraleda Channel.The summit elevation of Melimoyu is often cited as 2400 m above sea level but SRTM analysis suggests the actual height is closer to 2440 m.
 Conasauga Creek is a 42.8-mile-long (68.9 km) tributary stream of the Hiwassee River located in southeast Tennessee in the United States. It is not to be confused with the nearby Conasauga River.
 Lake Atitlán is a fairly large lake for the elevation in the Guatemala highlands. It is technically endorheic (lacking direct flow to the sea) but substantial seepage feeds two nearby rivers. Atitlan is recognized to be the deepest lake in Central America with maximum depth about 340 metres (1120 ft). The lake is shaped by deep escarpments which surround it and by three volcanoes on its southern flank. Lake Atitlan is further characterized by towns and villages of the Maya people.
 The Horlești River is a tributary of the Voineşti River in Romania.
 The Figueiredo River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Jaguaribe River.
 Signal Peak is the highest point in the San Joaquin Hills area of Orange County California USA. Its elevation is 1164 feet (355 m). The peak is visible in the southern sky in most of north Orange County and from far southern Los Angeles County. Signal Peak overlooks the University of California Irvine to the north and Crystal Cove State Park to the south and southeast. It is the first and highest peak that one encounters traveling southbound on State Route 73.
 Dahle is a river of Saxony Germany. It is a left tributary of the Elbe.
 Vege River (Swedish: Vege å) is a river in Sweden.
 Perry Lake Nova Scotia is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Riffelhorn (2928 m) is a mountain in the Swiss section of the Pennine Alps located south of Zermatt in the canton of Valais.The Riffelhorn forms part of the Gorner ridge and provides excellent rock climbing facilities having several routes of a different Climbing grades. It has been used a long time by the local Alpine guides to train rock climbing skills for climbers before ascending on higher mountains.
 The Saldurspitze or Salurnspitze (Italian: Punta Saldura) is a mountain in the Saldurkamm group of the Ötztal Alps. It forms a double peak with the slightly higher Lagaunspitze to the southeast.
 Struve is the lava-flooded remains of a lunar impact crater. It is located near the western extreme of the Oceanus Procellarum close to the western lunar limb. As a consequence even though it is roughly circular in outline it appears oval due to foreshortening.The northern rim of this crater intersects the smaller lava-flooded crater Russell to the north and there is now a wide gap between the two formations.
 Storsnasen is a mountain peak in the Snasahögarna mountain range of Jämtland County western Sweden. The peak is 1463 metres (4800 ft) above sea level. Panoramic views of Lake Ånnsjön which lies to the northeast can be seen from the summit. The Storulvåns mountain station is to the south.
 The Taheke River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows north from its origins in hills to the east of Whangarei reaching the Waitangi River close to its mouth at Ngunguru Bay.
 Von Békésy is a worn lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located in the northern latitudes behind the northeastern limb of the Moon as seen from the Earth. This is a relatively isolated crater formation the closest named crater being Volterra just over one crater diameter to the north-northeast. To the southwest lies Millikan.This crater has been heavily eroded by subsequent impacts and several portions of the rim are overlaid by smaller craters.
 Hayden Mountain Summit (el. 4705 ft.) is a mountain pass in the U.S. state of Oregon traversed by Oregon Route 66.
 The Oyster River (Minnesota) is a river of Minnesota.
 Ale Bagu is a stratovolcano located in the Afar Region Ethiopia. It is the highest volcano of Erta Ale Range. The village of El Dom sits at the base of Ale Bagu.
 For other uses see Sandy Creek (disambiguation). For the tributary of the Cheat River in northern West Virginia see Big Sandy Creek (West Virginia)Sandy Creek is a tributary of the Ohio River in western West Virginia in the United States. Via the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 124 square miles (320 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 The Spöl or Aqua Granda is an Italian and Swiss river and is a tributary of the Inn.The source of the river is near Corno di Campo in the Province of Sondrio in Italy. It flows northeast past Livigno and into Lago di Livigno. It exits the lake at the Italian/Swiss border and flows northwest through Parc Naziunal Svizzer before emptying into the Inn near Zernez.Despite rising in Italy the river is a tributary of the Inn and the Danube rather than of the Po.
 Kapetyn is a lunar impact crater that is near the eastern limb of the Moon to the west of the crater La Pérouse. West of Kapetyn is the slightly smaller Barkla and farther to the west-northwest is the prominent Langrenus.This crater is circular in shape although it appears oval when viewed from the Earth due to foreshortening. The rim is only slightly worn with no craters of note along the edge or the inner walls. There is a shelf along the eastern inner wall.
 Kamerlingh Onnes is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies less than a crater diameter to the north-northwest of the crater Kolhörster. North of Kamerlingh Onnes lies Shternberg and to the northwest is Weyl.This is a worn and eroded crater formation that is slightly elongated along the east–west direction giving it a somewhat oval shape. A number of small craters lie along the rim particularly along the northern side.
 Ch'amak Qullu (Aymara ch'amak dark qullu mountain dark mountain hispanicized spelling Chamac Collo) is a mountain in the Bolivian Andes about 5350 metres (17552 ft) high. It lies in the Kimsa Cruz mountain range south east of the mountain Yaypuri. It is situated in the La Paz Department Inquisivi Province Quime Municipality.
 Col Collon (el. 3074 m.) is a high mountain pass across the central Pennine Alps connecting Arolla in the Swiss canton of Valais to Bionaz in the Italian region of Aosta Valley.The pass is located on the border at the southern tip of the Arolla Glacier south of Mont Collon.
 Payne Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 The Râul Buhai is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Flumm is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Río San Rodrigo is a stream in the state of Coahuila Mexico and is a tributary of the Rio Grande. The Rio San Rodrigo enters the Rio Grande (Rio Bravo del Norte in Mexico) at Rio Grande river kilometer 834 at El Moral Coahuila and about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) south of Quemado Texas.The Rio San Rodrigo originates in the Sierra del Burro a northern finger of the Sierra Madre Oriental and flows generally east to the Rio Grande.
 The São João Surrá River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Hohe Salve is a well-known mountain located between Kufstein Wörgl and Kitzbühel in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is part of the Kitzbühel Alps and is also nicknamed the Rigi of the Tyrol. Its summit is 1828 m AA high and in fine weather has a good view of the High Tauern and Zillertal Alps as well as the Wilder Kaiser which lies immediately to the north of the Hohe Salve. From the top the Großglockner and Großvenediger can also be made out.
 The Taylor Hills el. 3474 feet (1059 m) is a set of hills southeast of Ekalaka Montana in Carter County Montana.
 Wangbangsan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. It sits between the cities of Pocheon and Dongducheon; and has an elevation of 737 m (2418 ft).
 The Alum Creek Lake reservoir was built in 1974 covers 5 sq mi (13 km2) and has a maximum capacity of 134815 acre feet (166292000 m3).
 Holzbach (Emscher) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Nimmel is a small mountain located in Austinville Queensland in Australia. Nimmel is an Australian indigenous word meaning 'Conspicuous Mountain' which is ironic considering it is very small when compared to the nearby Springbrook Mountain Tamborine Mountain and Mount Cougal's twin peaks.
 The Pointe des Plines is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif overlooking the Saleina Glacier in the canton of Valais.A shelter of the Swiss Alpine Club the Bivouac de l'Envers des Dorées is located west of the summit.
 The Cabii River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Camenca River or Caminca River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Marupi River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 Pic de Bugatet (2877 m) is a mountain in the Néouvielle massif in the Pyrenees lying within the Néouvielle National Nature Reserve in the commune of Saint-Lary-Soulan within the department of the Hautes-Pyrénées.
 The Kreuzeck Group is a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps. It may be considered either a separate range or part of the larger High Tauern chain. Administratively the range belongs to the Austrian states of Carinthia and in the westernmost part Tyrol (i.e. East Tyrol).
 The Hamangia River is a tributary of the Black Sea Lake Goloviţa in Romania
 The Ileana River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in eastern Romania.
 The Rotstöckli (2901 m) is a peak of the Urner Alps below the Titlis on the border between the Swiss cantons of Obwalden and Nidwalden. It is Nidwalden's highest point. The summit is split between the municipalities of Engelberg (Obwalden) and Wolfenschiessen (Nidwalden).
 Le Moine is a mountain of the Pennine Alps situated east of Bourg Saint Pierre in the canton of Valais. It is located on the ridge Les Maisons Blanches in the Grand Combin massif.
 Snowshoe Lake is a T-shaped lake in the Lake Huron drainage basin in Temagami Nipissing District Ontario Canada. It is about 1400 metres (4593 ft) long and 1000 metres (3281 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 308 metres (1010 ft). The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Wasaksina Lake which flows via intermediate lakes into Shiningwood Bay on Lake Temagami.
 Lake Kahuparere is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Sanhauá River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 The Taquari River (Rio Grande do Sul) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Korozhechna (Russian: Корожечна) is a river in Sonkovsky Kesovogorsky and Kashinsky Districts of Tver Oblast and in Myshkinsky and Uglichsky District of Yaroslavl Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Volga River. It is 147 kilometres (91 mi) long and the area of its basin 1690 square kilometres (650 sq mi).The source of the Korozhechna is in the northwestern part of Kesovogorsky District close to the village of Puzyryovo.
 Mount Aenos or Ainos (Ancient Greek: Ὄρος Αἶνος; Modern Greek: Όρος Αίνος. Italian: Monte Nero or Montagna Nera) is the tallest mountain in the Ioanian island of Cephallonia Greece with an elevation of 1628 metres (5341 ft).Most of the mountain range is designated as a park area and is covered with Greek fir (Abies Cephalonica) and black pine (Pinus nigra). Pine forests are found between the elevations of 700 to 1200 m.
 Schwarzsee (literally Black Lake) is a lake at Zermatt in the canton of Valais Switzerland. It is located below Matterhorn at an elevation of 2552 m.Its surface area is 0.5 ha. A chapel dedicated to Mary of the Snows borders the lake (Kapelle Maria zum Schnee).The lake lends its name to the mountain ridge (2583 m) above (45°59′29″N 7°42′35″E). It can be reached by cable car from Zermatt.16x Media related to Schwarzsee (Zermatt) at Wikimedia CommonsTemplate:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Covington River is a 7.4-mile-long (11.9 km) river in the U.S. state of Virginia. The river rises at the eastern foot of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Rappahannock County and flows southeast to the Rush River just north of that river's confluence with the Thornton River. The river system flows via the Hazel River to the Rappahannock River a tributary of Chesapeake Bay.
 Irondequoit Bay is a large body of water located in northeastern Monroe County New York. The bay roughly 0.5 miles (0.80 km) wide and 4 miles (6.4 km) in length is fed by Irondequoit Creek to the south and flows into Lake Ontario at its northern end.
 The Arsuri River is a tributary of the Tișița Mică River in Romania.
 Warnes River a perennial stream of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 Pilz Glacier (also known as Pit Glacier) is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the north slopes Luahna Peak. Pilz Glacier descends from 8000 to 6900 ft (2400 to 2100 m). An arête separates Pilz Glacier from Butterfly Glacier to the west. Pilz Glacier is within the Glacier Peak Wilderness and is just over 6.5 mi (10.5 km) southeast of Glacier Peak.
 Caumasee (Romansh: Lag la Cauma or Lai da Cauma) is a lake near Flims in the Grisons Switzerland. It is one of the lakes on the Flims Rockslide deposits. The lake is fed from underground sources. Its surface area is 0.10 km². The level of the lake varies by approximately 4 to 5 meters along with the varying underground water flow during the year hence reaches its minimum by the end of April when snow melting in the mountains increases.
 Chasseral Pass (German: Gestler) (el. 1502 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains lying west of the Chasseral. The pass is located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Neuchâtel (north side) and Bern (south side). It is traversed by a road connecting Saint-Imier and Nods both located in the Bernese Jura.
 The Gioroc River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 The Valea Rece River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 For the French flautist see Michel BlavetThe Blavet river flows from central Brittany and enters the Atlantic Ocean on the south coast near Lorient. The river is canalized for most of its length and is navigable for smaller craft. It is part of Brittany's canal system and became more important when the western half of that system got cut off by the construction of Lake Guerlédan's hydroelectric power dam.
 Cow Creek is a medium-sized river in southwestern Oregon a tributary of the South Umpqua River. It drains an area of over 400 square miles (1000 km2) on the western foothills of the Cascade Range and within the Oregon Coast Range. Although the vast majority of the basin is within Douglas County a tiny portion in the southeast extends into northern Jackson County.
 The Battle Range is a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia Canada located between Incomappleux River and Duncan River south of Battle Brook.
 The Pârâul Stânei is a tributary of the Olăneasca River in Romania.
 Aurora Mountain is located in the Blue Range of the Canadian Rockies which forms part of the Continental Divide and the provincial boundary between British Columbia and Alberta. It is named after the HMS Aurora a Royal Navy light cruiser launched in 1913 that was transferred to the Royal Canadian Navy in 1920.
 Piz Arblatsch is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps overlooking Mulegns in the canton of Graubünden.
 The Găldița River is a tributary of the Galda River in Romania.
 The Schijen is a mountain of the Glarus Alps in Switzerland located west of the Ortstock. The summit is the tripoint between the cantons of Schwyz Uri and Glarus. The Schijen lies on the range that lies between the Glattalp and the Urnerboden.
 The Votkinsk Reservoir (Russian: Воткинское водохранилище) is a reservoir formed by the dam of the Votkinsk Hydroelectric Station on the Kama River in Perm Krai and Udmurtia Russia. The reservoir filling took place in 1962-1964. The Votkinsk Reservoir has a surface area of 1120 km² and a water volume of 94 cubic km. Its length is 365 km major width - 9 km average depth - 84 m. The Votkinsk Reservoir was created for the benefit of transportation and energetics.
 The Bârsa Groșetului River is a headwater of the Bârsa River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Cenuşa and Izvorul Lerescu
 Scaffaiolo Lake is a lake in the provinces of Pistoia (Tuscany) and Modena (Emilia-Romagna) Italy. At an elevation of 1775 m its surface area is 0.05 km².
 The Sânnicolau River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Katschberg Pass (el. 1641 m (5384 ft)) is a high mountain pass in the Central Eastern Alps in Austria between Rennweg am Katschberg in the state of Carinthia and Sankt Michael im Lungau in Salzburg.It connects the Carinthian Katsch Valley in the south with the historic Lungau region of Salzburg (present-day Tamsweg district) and the Mur river in the north from where the road leads further on to the Radstädter Tauern Pass.
 The Big Valley Mountains are a mountain range in Lassen County California.
 The Cauaruau River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Jalangi River (Bengali: জলজ্ঞী নদী) is a branch of the Ganges in Murshidabad and Nadia districts in the Indian state of West Bengal.
 Mount Kipipiri is an isolated volcano in the Wanjohi Valley on the Kinangop Plateau near to the Aberdare Range.It is about 20 miles (32 km) northeast of Lake Naivasha which is visible from the summit.Wildlife includes Colobus and Sykes monkeys elephants and buffalo and abundant birdlife.The name of the mountain means butterfly in the Gikuyu language a reference to its profile from a distance.The Mount Kipipiri Forest Reserve is part of the Aberdare National Park.In 2005 it was estimated that the 43 square kilometres (17 sq mi) forest reserve was home to about 13 elephants.In June 2009 lengthy negotiations were concluded over the alignment of a wildlife corridor between Kipipiri and the main Aberdare park with plans to fence the corridor.Grids of rolling bars with gaps between them replace the fence at the points where roads cross the corridor forming an obstacle that cars can cross but that wildlife will not attempt. 
 The Cipó River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Creu de Santos or Xàquera is the highest mountain of the Serra de Cardó range Catalonia Spain. The Serra de Cardó is part of the Massís de Cardó Catalan Pre-Coastal Range. This mountain has an elevation of 941 metres above sea level.
 Gibbs Lake is a lake located in Rock County Wisconsin United States. The altitude is 876 feet (267 meters).Gibbs Lake is a fishing swimming and picnicking destination. Visitors can gain access to the lake via Gibbs Lake Park. The park is located approximately 12 miles northwest from the center of Janesville.
 The Pârâul Mare River is a tributary of the Valea de Peşti river in Romania.
 Amundsen Gulf is a gulf located in Canadian Northwest Territories between Banks Island and Victoria Island and the mainland . It is approximately 250 mi (400 km) in length and about 93 mi (150 km) across where it meets the Beaufort Sea. The Amundsen Gulf was explored by Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen between 1903 and 1906. The gulf is at the western end of the famous Northwest Passage a route from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific.
 The Palk Strait (Tamil: பாக் சலசந்தி) is a strait between the Tamil Nadu state of India and the Mannar district of the Northern Province of the island nation of Sri Lanka. It connects the Bay of Bengal in the northeast with the Palk Bay and thence with the Gulf of Mannar in the southwest. The strait is 33 to 50 miles (53 to 80 km) wide. Several rivers flow into it including the Vaigai River of Tamil Nadu.
 The Grassen is a mountain of the Urner Alps located east of the Titlis in Central Switzerland. The summit is the tripoint between the cantons of Berne Obwalden and Uri.
 The Plăiuțul River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 The Mittelaletsch Glacier (German: Mittelaletschgletscher) is a 5 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 8.31 km2.
 Pacheco Creek is a 28 miles (45 km) west by southwest flowing stream which heads in the Diablo Range in southeastern Santa Clara County and flows to San Felipe Lake the beginning of the Pajaro River mainstem in San Benito County California.
 Mount Karifuri (狩振岳 Karifuri-dake) is a mountain in the Hidaka Mountains of Hokkaidō Japan. The mountain sits on the border between Minamifurano and Shimukappu. It is 1323.2 metres (4341.2 ft) high. It is the source of the Mu River (Hokkaidō).Mount Karifuri is split between two different rock types. The western side consists of plutonic rock formed 40–32 million years ago. The eastern side is made of metamorphic rock formed under low-to-mid pressure 50–20 million years ago.
 The Doły Jasielsko-Sanockie Latin: Regio Pedemontana German: Sanoker Flachland (Jasielsko–Sanockie Valleys Jasło and Sanok Valleys the Jasło-Sanok Basin or Jasielsko-Sanockie Pits) is a mountain range stretching between the Wisłoka and San Rivers in the West Carpathian Plateau and Central Beskidian Piedmont in Poland.
 Ranger Peak (11355 feet (3461 m)) is in the northern Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming. The peak is located slightly northwest of and across Jackson Lake from Colter Bay Village. Colter Canyon is to the north while Waterfalls Canyon is immediately southeast of the peak but there are no maintained trails in the area. Access to the summit involves off trail hiking and scrambling.
 The Dobreanu River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 Fokstuguhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Ghioriști or Gioriști River is a tributary of the Călimănel River in Romania
 Cinque Torri (sometimes named also Cinque Torri di Averau; German: Fünf Türme) are a small group belonging to Nuvolao group in the Dolomiti Ampezzane (part of the Eastern Dolomites) north-west of San Vito di Cadore and south-west of Cortina d'Ampezzo.
 Shuswap Lake (pronounced /ˈʃuːʃwɑːp/) is a lake located in south-central British Columbia Canada that drains via the Little River into Little Shuswap Lake. Little Shuswap Lake is the source of the South Thompson River a branch of the Thompson River a tributary of the Fraser River. It is at the heart of a region known as the Shuswap Country or the Shuswap noted for its recreational lakeshore communities including the city of Salmon Arm.
 The Wavy Range is a small mountain range east of Murtle Lake in east-central British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 102 km2 and is a subrange of the Cariboo Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.
 Arecibo Catena (Arecibo Vallis until March 2013) is a catena on Mercury. It is located at latitude 27.5 S longitude 28.4 W in the hilly and chaotic terrain antipodal to Caloris Basin. It is named after Arecibo Observatory.Arecibo Vallis connects with Petrarch crater.
 Aufseß is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Norder Tief is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Borealis Planitia is a large basin on Mercury with a smooth floor thought to be similar to a lunar mare. It is centered at 73.4° N 79.5° W. The name is Latin for Northern Plain.
 Schaale is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Niantic River is a mainly tidal river in eastern Connecticut. It is crossed by the Niantic River Bridge carrying Amtrak's Northeast Corridor as well as highway bridges carrying Connecticut Route 156 and US-1. It separates the towns of East Lyme and Waterford. The river is 5.2 miles (8.4 km) long.There are many other water features that drain out into the Niantic River such as Oil Mill Brook and Stony Brook.
 The Ouergha River (Berber: Asif n Wergha) is a watercourse in Morocco that is tributary to the Sebou River.
 Sullivan Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The River Tillingham flows through the English county of East Sussex.It meets the River Brede and the eastern River Rother near the town of Rye. A navigable sluice controlled the entrance to the river between 1786 and 1928 when it was replaced by a vertical lifting gate which was not navigable.
 The Ohinemaka River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest from the slopes of Mount Reynolds at the western end of the Strachan Range reaching the Tasman Sea to the southwest of Bruce Bay.
 Boole is a lunar crater that lies along the northwestern limb of the Moon to the northwest of the crater Gerard. At this location it is viewed nearly from the side and is very oblong in shape due to foreshortening. The crater formation is nearly circular however with a wide inner wall that has been worn and rounded due to subsequent impacts. It is named after George Boole.To the north of Boole is the crater Cremona and to the southwest are Paneth and Smoluchowski.
 The Valea Mică River is a tributary of the Mărtinia River in Romania.
 The Kasegaluk Lagoon is a coastal lagoon located in the western part of the North Slope of Alaska. It is separated from the Chukchi Sea by a series of long thin barrier islands that stretch south and north-east from the town of Point Lay and westwards down to Icy Cape. There are seven passes through these islands.
 Obongsan is a mountain in the city of Chuncheon and county of Hwacheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 779 m (2556 ft).
 Lake Feneketlen (Feneketlen-tó Bottomless Lake) is a lake in the 11th district of Budapest Hungary.The lake was formed in 1877 when clay was removed from the site to supply a brick factory that was situated at nearby Kosztolányi Dezső tér. The lake's water quality in the 1980s began to deteriorate until a water circulation device was built. The lake today is a popular urban place for fishing.
 Lake Matagami is a lake in south-western Quebec Canada. It is located just north-northeast of the town of Matagami.
 Catcleugh Reservoir is a reservoir in Northumberland England adjacent to the A68 road; just north of Byrness; and to the south of the border with Scotland.
 The Lutto River (Finnish: Luttojoki or Lutto Northern Sami: Lotto or Lohttu Skolt Sami: Lått Russian: Лотта and Norwegian: Lotta) is a river that is part of the watercourse of the Tuloma River. It flows through the eastern parts of the municipalities of Inari and Sodankylä in Finland and in the southern part of Pechenga in Murmansk Oblast Russia. Before the Pechenga area was ceded to the Russians the entire Lutto River was within Finland’s borders.
 The Praid River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 The Little River is a 1.6-mile-long (2.6 km) inlet of the Atlantic Ocean in southern Maine in the United States. It is formed by the juncture of the Merriland River and Branch Brook and its course serves as the boundary between the towns of Kennebunk and Wells.
 The Totenberg at 408.1 m above sea level is the highest hill in the Bramwald a forested hill range in the Weser Uplands in South Lower Saxony.The hill is surrounded by the Totenberg nature reserve with an area of about 437 hectares of which 342 ha is managed as near-natural forest. The rest is designated as Naturwald (95 ha) where logging is prohibited. Signs indicate that it may not be entered.
 The Grampian Mountains or Grampians (Am Monadh in Gaelic) are one of the three major mountain ranges in Scotland occupying a considerable portion of the Scottish Highlands in northeast Scotland. The range extend southwest to northeast between the Highland Boundary Fault and Gleann Mòr (the Great Glen) occupying almost half of the land-area of Scotland and including the Cairngorms and the Lochaber hills.
 The Râul Leleștilor is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Maintop Mountain is a mountain in Nelson County Virginia. The mountain is a peak on a spur off the main Blue Ridge Mountains about 2 miles (3 km) east of Elk Pond Mountain and about 3.5 miles (5.5 km) west of The Priest.The mountain is located in the George Washington National Forest.Maintop Mountain stands within the watershed of the Tye River which drains into the James River. The northwest side of Maintop Mountain drains into Mill Creek thence into the South Fork of the Tye River.
 Lake Nipissing (French: lac Nipissing) is a lake in the Canadian province of Ontario. It has a surface area of 873.3 square kilometres (337.2 sq mi) a mean elevation of 196 metres (643 ft) above sea level and is located between the Ottawa River and Georgian Bay. Excluding the Great Lakes Lake Nipissing is the third-largest lake in Ontario. It is relatively shallow for a large lake with an average depth of only 4.5 m (15 ft).
 Enijärvi is a lake of Finland. It is located near the town of Kemijärvi in the Lapland region in northern Finland. The lake is part of Kemijoki basin.
 The Petersenspitze is a peak in the Weisskamm group of the Ötztal Alps best known for its north face. In combination with the north faces of the Taschachwand and the Hinterer Brochkogel it forms the challenging Ötztaler Eisexpress route to the Wildspitze.
 Hard Knott is a fell in the English Lake District at the head of Eskdale.
 The Tubutulik River is a waterway in the U.S. state of Alaska. The 25-mile (40 km) long river is situated on the Seward Peninsula. It flows southeastwards to the Kwiniuk Inlet at the northwestern end of Norton Bay 25 miles (40 km) southwest of Koyuk in the Bering Sea. Its Inuit name was reported as Tubuktulik in 1849 by Capt. Mikhail Dmitrievich Tebenkov of the Imperial Russian Navy.
 Włocławek Reservoir (Polish: Zbiornik Włocławski) is a water body in the Middle Vistula flow appeared in 1970 after building of the dam in Włocławek. The length of the reservoir is 58 km from Włocławek to Płock average width is 1.2 km. It is biggest reservoir in Poland.
 The Varnițele River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
 Cod Beck Reservoir is a man-made lake situated within the North York Moors National Park and near the village of Osmotherley in the English county of North Yorkshire. The reservoir is named after Cod Beck which is the small river that fills it. The reservoir is surrounded by woodland and just upstream is the local beauty spot called Sheepwash.
 Petrova Gora (English: Peter's mountain) is a mountain range in central Croatia.
 Schwarza (Hasel) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Cerro Santiago is one of the most prominent cinder cones of a volcanic field surrounding the city of Jutiapa in southern Guatemala.
 Nienstedter Beeke is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Newberry Volcano (with Newberry Caldera) is a large potentially active shield volcano located 40 miles (64 km) east of the Cascade Range and about 20 miles (32 km) southeast of Bend Oregon within the Newberry National Volcanic Monument It is not a typical shield volcano because in addition to erupting basaltic lavas it also has erupted andesitic and even rhyolitic lava.The volcano is 20 miles (32 km) in diameter and has an approximate volume of 80 cubic miles (330 km3).
 The Pârâul cu Ciuperci is a tributary of the Jaidon River in Romania.
 Pikiqucha (Quechua piki flea qucha lake flea lake hispanicized spellings Piquecocha Piquicocha) is a lake in Peru. It is situated in the Lima Region Yauyos Province Vitis District south of Vitis.
 The Tárcoles River also called the Grande de Tárcoles River or the Río Grande de Tarcoles in Costa Rica originates on the southern slopes of the Cordillera Central volcanic range and flows in a south-westerly direction to the Gulf of Nicoya.
 The Șoimu River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
 Not to be confused with the actress MandakiniMandakini (Hindi: मंदाकिनी [mənˈd̪aːkɪni]) is a tributary of the Alaknanda River. Mandakini originates from the Chorabari Glacier near Kedarnath in Uttarakhand India. Mandakini is fed by Vasukiganga River at Sonprayag. Mandakini joins Alaknanda at Rudraprayag.
 The Valea Cărbunarilor River is a tributary of the Ghimbăşel River in Romania.
 Herfabach is a river located in Hersfeld-Rotenburg Hesse Germany. 11.3 kilometres (7.0 mi) in length it is a west tributary of the Werra. It has a river basin area of 40.011 km ².
 The Phoebe River is a river of Minnesota.
 Luossavaara (Northern Sami: Luossavárri) is a mountain in Kiruna Sweden. It is the site of a now-inactive iron ore mine formerly operated by the Swedish mining company LKAB. Today it has a ski lift and slope as well as a hiking path called Midnattsolstigen (the Midnight Sun Trail).
 Brushes Clough Reservoir is on Crompton Moor in Shaw and Crompton Greater Manchester England. It was created in the 19th century by the damming of Leornardin Brook. The outlet of the reservoir flows through Brushes Clough to merge with Old Brook a tributary of the River Beal.
 Mount Index is a peak in the central part of the Cascade Range of Washington state. It lies just south of the Skykomish River and U.S. Route 2 at the western edge of the Cascades. Despite its relatively low elevation it is a famous and dramatic landmark as it comprises three pointed spires which rise steeply from a very low base. The main peak is the southernmost of the three while the North Peak rises even more steeply above the valley.
 Wallach is a tiny lunar impact crater located in the eastern Mare Tranquillitatis. It is a circular bowl-shaped feature with a negligible interior floor; the inner walls just slope down to the midpoint of the crater. Wallach is located to the northeast of the crater Maskelyne near some low ridges in the lunar mare.
 The Tremalzo Pass (Italian: Passo del Tremalzo) (el. 1702 m.) is a mountain pass in Trentino in Italy.It lies near Trento and Lake Garda. The pass road was built for strategic reasons during World War I. The south side of the pass requires an all-terrain vehicle. Chains are required from September to May. The pass road has a maximum grade of 14%.
 The Dourado River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Bàu Tró (Bàu in Vietnamese dialect means pond) is a lake in Đồng Hới city Quảng Bình Province Vietnam. This lake is an important fresh water supply for more than 130000 inhabitants of Đồng Hới. Bàu Tró is better known for archaeological findings by French archaeologists during French Indochina periods. The artefacts found here dated back as far as 5000 years ago displaying important proof of human settlements in this area.[citation needed]
 Gosaba River (Bengali: গোসাবা নদী) is a tidal estuarine river in and around the Sundarbans in South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal.The Gosaba River formed by the confluence of the Raimangal and the Matla rivers has a broad estuary to the sea (Bay of Bengal).
 The Heimkehle is one of two great gypsum caves in Germany that are accessible as show caves. It lies on the southern edge of the Harz Mountains between Rottleberode and Uftrungen east of Nordhausen right on the state border between Thuringia and Saxony-Anhalt. The cave may be visited as part of a 45 minute long guided tour.
 Bukulja (Serbian Cyrillic: Букуља pronounced [bǔkuʎa]) is a mountain near Aranđelovac in central Serbia. This mountain is an extinct volcano which has been proved by presence of granite rocks which contains specific mineral composition. In the mountain foothills there is water catchment Garaši which provides Aranđelovac and nearby communities with fresh water.The name of the mountain originates from the Serbian name for beech (bukva).
 The Chircești River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania.
 The Kingston Range sometimes called the Kingston Mountains is located in Inyo and San Bernardino counties in the Mojave Desert in eastern California. The range reaches a height of 7323 feet (2232 m) above sea level at Kingston Peak.The range is located southeast of the Nopah Range and north of the Shadow Mountains and Interstate 15. The small community of Halloran Springs is about 22 miles (35 km) south of the Kingston Range.
 The Eyre River is a river in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise below Blackboy Hill approximately 7 kilometres (4 mi) south of Wellstead.
 Mount Jackson (10052 feet (3064 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Mount Carli Jackson is the fourth tallest mountain in Glacier National Park and it is situated on the Continental Divide. Both the mountain and its namesake Jackson Glacier are easily seen from the Going-to-the-Sun Road. On the southern flanks of Mount Jackson is Harrison Glacier the largest remaining glacier in the park.
 The Taylor River is a river in King County in Washington.
 The Ampoi (Hungarian: Ompoly) is a river in the Apuseni Mountains Alba County western Romania. It is a right tributary of the river Mureș. It flows through the town Zlatna and joins the Mureș near Alba Iulia. It is fed by several smaller streams including Grohaș Trâmpoiele Ruzina Valea Mică Galați Bebu and Purcăreți on the left side and Valea Petrei Vâltori Feneș Valea lui Bibaț Valea Albinei Ampoița and Bucerdea on the right side.
 Heron is a small lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon less than 20 kilometers from the equator. It lies between the slightly larger crater Ctesibius just to the west and Soddy a little farther to the east. Almost directly to the north is the prominent crater King.This formation is an undistinguished circular crater. The interior floor is relatively flat and featureless.
 The Mentasta Mountains in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Alaska form the eastern end of the Alaska Range.They lie south of the Alaska Highway east of the Glenn Highway north of the Wrangell Mountains and west of the Nabesna River. Across the Glenn Highway lies the continuation of the Alaska Range while across the Nabesna River lie the Nutzotin Mountains. They form the northern boundary of Wrangell-St. Elias National Park & Preserve.
 Velká Deštná (German: Deschneyer Großkoppe) is the highest mountain of the Central Sudetes and the Orlické Mountains Czech Republic with 1115 m.
 Uaicurapa River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Silver River is a 3.2-mile-long (5.1 km) stream near the northern tip of the Keweenaw Peninsula in the U.S. state of Michigan. It rises out of a marsh around Bailey Pond at 47°26′16″N 88°03′08″W and flows mostly northward into Lake Superior at 47°28′05″N 88°04′26″W.
 The Gouyave River is a river of Grenadain the parish of St Johns.As you approach the town of Gouyave from the south a metal bridge straddles the river whence the coastal road passes to the west of Windsor Park before entering the town. The Gouyave River runs inland through the Dougaldston Estate owned by the Branch family.
 Not to be confused with the Barlings Eau or the Bourne Eau.The River Eau is a 15 mile (24 km) long tributary of the River Trent that flows through Lincolnshire England.The Eau catchment lies between that of the Bottesford Beck to the north and the River Witham to the south and east and covers an area of 125 square kilometres (48 square miles).
 The Drogul River is a tributary of the Găldița River in Romania.
 Lac de Derborence is a mountain lake in the municipality of Conthey Valais Switzerland located near the hamlet of Derborence. It was formed after rockfalls on 24 September 1714 and 23 June 1749. In 1749 an estimated 50 mio m³ of rocks blocked the course of the Derbonne river and lead to the formation of the lake.
 The Scoreiu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Awakari River is a river in the West Coast district of the South Island of New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Nile River.
 Shanthi Sagara (Kannada: ಶಾಂತಿ ಸಾಗರ) also called Sulekere (Kannada: ಸೂಳೆಕೆರೆ) Asia’s second largest irrigation tank. It is located in Channagiri taluk of Davanagere in Karnataka India.
 Dellen is a lake system in the province of Hälsingland Sweden. It consists of two lakes Northern Dellen and Southern Dellen appreciated among fly-fishermen for their distinct population of brown trout.Southern Dellen has a surface area of 52 km² and a water volume of 1226 million m³.Northern Dellen has an area of 82 km² and a water volume of 1489 million m³.The two lakes are only united by a short channel and it is therefore disputed whether they should be counted as one or two lakes.
 The Gramas is a river of Jonava district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 5.2 kilometres and has a basin area of 8.8 km².It is a tributary of the Lankesa.
 Northeast Pond is a 683-acre (2.76 km2) water body located along the border between Strafford County New Hampshire and York County Maine in the northeastern United States. The lake lies in the towns of Milton New Hampshire and Lebanon Maine. It connects with Milton Pond to the south whose outlet is the Salmon Falls River.
 The Varnița River is a tributary of the Șimon River in Romania.
 The Muscel River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Suman gol (Mongolian: Суман гол) is a river in Arkhangai. It springs from the Terkhiin Tsagaan Nuur and is a tributary of the Chuluut River. The length is about 50 km.
 The São Jerônimo River (Pinhão River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Ilișești River or Ilișasca River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 Lößnitz is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Pushaw Lake is a lake in Penobscot County Maine United States about 6.5 miles (10.5 km) north of downtown Bangor and 4.5 mi (7.2 km) west of downtown Orono. The lake is part of the towns of Orono Old Town Hudson and Glenburn. There are roads and private residences along much of the lake except the southeastern side where the Caribou Bog complex borders the lake. A small dam was constructed in 1920 at the lake's outflow to maintain constant water levels.
 The Mara River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania. The upper reach of the river upstream of the village of Mara is also known as Valea Brazilor River
 Mother Cummings Peak (1255 metres (4117 ft)) is one of the prominent peaks on the Great Western Tiers. The summit can be reached in about 1 - 2 hours (depending on fitness) and the track is rather steep. The summit boasts 360 degree views.
 Lago di Mergozzo (En. Lake Mergozzo) is a small sub-alpine lake in northern Italy just to the west of Lago Maggiore and north of Lago d'Orta at the mouth of the Val d’Ossola in the province of Verbano Cusio Ossola Piedmont.In ancient times it was the extreme point of the short northwestern arm of Lago Maggiore formed by glaciation.
 The Valea Șicanelor River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 The Kakwa River is a tributary of the Smoky River in western Alberta Canada.The river is named for Kakwa the Cree word for porcupine. Porcupines are abundant in Kakwa Provincial Park and Protected Area.Tourism along the river revolves around bull trout fishing and white water rafting. Kakwa Falls (54.10913°N 119.92350°W﻿ / 54.10913; -119.92350﻿ (Kakwa Falls)) are developed in the course of the river over a 30 meters (98 ft) high ledge formed by an outcrop of the Cadomin Formation.
 Lake Willoughby is a lake in the town of Westmore in Orleans County in the northeast section of Vermont United States. Willoughby is a glacial lake over 320 feet (98 m) deep in places the deepest lake entirely contained in the state and second to only Lake Champlain which deepest point reaches 426 ft. The lake's southern end is surrounded by the Willoughby State Forest. This state park includes Mount Pisgah Mount Hor and Bartlett Mountain.
 Bread Loaf Mountain is a mountain located in Addison County Vermont in the Green Mountain National Forest. The mountain is part of the central Green Mountains. Bread Loaf Mountain is flanked to the northeast by Mount Wilson part of Vermont's Presidential Range.The southeast end of Bread Loaf Mountain drains into the headwaters of the White River thence into the Connecticut River which drains into Long Island Sound in Connecticut.
 Doubletop Mountain is a mountain located in Piscataquis County Maine in Baxter State Park. As the name implies the mountain has two peaks; a north peak (3489 ft or 1063 m) and a south peak (3455 ft or 1053 m). From the north a trail from the Nesowednehunk Campground to the north peak is 3.1 miles (5.0 km) long and another 0.2 miles (0.32 km) to the south peak. From Foster Field to the south a 4-mile (6.4 km) trail leads to the summit.
 Mount Gosford is a mountain located in southern Quebec Canada at the border with Maine. It lies entirely in Saint-Augustin-de-Woburn in Estrie and is part of the White Mountains of the Appalachians. It is named after Archibald Acheson 2nd Earl of Gosford governor general of British North America from 1835 to 1835. It is the 21st highest peak in Quebec and 4th in Southern Quebec.It is made of gneiss and granulite dating from the Precambrian era.
 Slieve True or Slievetrue (from Irish Sliabh an Triúir meaning hill of the three) is a 312m high hill in County Antrim Northern Ireland. It is near Knockagh Hill and Monkstown about 6 km north of Belfast.Slieve True derives its name from three standing stones (known as The Three Brothers) about half a mile southwest of the summit. These have since been integrated into a field wall.
 The Drăculeşti River is a small river in Cluj County Romania. It is a tributary of the Valea Lungă Mare.
 North Mamm Peak elevation 11126 ft (3391 m) is a summit of Grand Mesa in the White River National Forest of western Colorado. The peak is located in Garfield County southwest of Rifle.
 Yalta Gulf (Russian: Ялтинский залив Ukrainian: Ялтинська затока Crimean Tatar: Yalta körfezi Ялта корьфези) is a gulf in the Black Sea near Yalta Crimea.
 Teton Glacier is a mountain glacier located below the north face of Grand Teton in Grand Teton National Park Wyoming United States. It is surrounded by Mount Owen to the west and by Teewinot Mountain to the north. Teton Glacier is the largest of the twelve named glaciers in the park. In 1971 the glacier was approximately 3500 ft (1100 m) long and 1100 ft (340 m) wide.
 Ib River is a tributary of Mahanadi river located in North-Eastern Central India. It joins Mahanadi river flowing directly into the Hirakud dam. The river originates in hills near Pandrapet at an elevation of 762 m. It passes through Raigarh district and Jashpur district of Chhattisgarh and Jharsuguda and Sundargarh District of Odisha and finally meets Mahanadi at Hirakud Dam in the state . Ib river valley is famous for its rich coal belt Ib Valley Coalfield.
 The Luncavița River (also known as Cetățuia River) is a river in Romania tributary of the Danube. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Valea Fagilor and Valea Glonţului
 Todzha Lake also known as Azas Lake (Russian: Тоджа Азас) is a lake in Tuva in Russia. The area of the lake is 51.6 km². The Azas River flows into and the Toora-Khem River flows out of the Todzha Lake. The lake freezes up in early November and remains icebound until the second half of May.This article includes content derived from the Great Soviet Encyclopedia 1969–1978 which is partially in the public domain.
 MacAskills Lake is a lake of Inverness County in north-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Wetterstein is a mountain range in the Northern Limestone Alps. It is a compact range between Garmisch-Partenkirchen Mittenwald Seefeld in Tirol and Ehrwald; partially in Bavaria Germany and partially in Tyrol Austria. In the Wetterstein is the highest peak in Germany the Zugspitze.
 The Nakunta River is a river in the Gracias a Dios Department of Honduras that exits into the Caratasca Lagoon a few miles south of Puerto Lempira. It is 115 kilometers (71 mi) in length.
 The Argenton is a 71 km long river in France left tributary of the Thouet. Its source is in the commune Cirières. Its course crosses the department of Deux-Sèvres. It flows generally northeast through the towns of Le Pin Nueil-les-Aubiers Argenton-les-Vallées and Argenton-l'Église finally flowing into the Thouet near Saint-Martin-de-Sanzay.
 The Coosa River is a tributary of the Alabama River in the U.S. states of Alabama and Georgia. The river is about 280 miles (450 km) long altogether.The Coosa River is one of Alabama's most developed rivers. It begins at the confluence of the Oostanaula and Etowah rivers in Rome Georgia and ends just northeast of the Alabama state capital Montgomery where it joins the Tallapoosa River to form the Alabama River just south of Wetumpka.
 The Gârlița River is a tributary of the Pârlita River in Romania.
 Moose Lake is the only lake along the course of the Fraser River. It is located along the upper reaches of the river about 3.9 km downstream from the mouth of the Moose River.
 Big Sugar Creek is a 47-mile-long (76 km) waterway in the Ozark Mountains of southwest Missouri. The creek starts near the Arkansas state line. Big Sugar starts from three tributaries. One flows north from Garfield Arkansas and one west near Seligman Missouri and another south from Washburn Missouri. Big Sugar flows west down Sugar Creek Valley where in the Jacket community it is joined by Otter Creek from Pea Ridge Arkansas.
 The Călugăreasa River is a tributary of the Câlnic River in Romania.
 The Sheep Hills are a mountain range in Orange County California.
 The Pârâul Sărat is a tributary of the Pârâul Mic in Romania.
 Mönchsbach (Goldbach) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Valea cu Arini River is a tributary of the Runcu River in Romania.
 The Hintere Schöntaufspitze is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Tererê River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Mount Victoria is a mountain in the Mount Victoria Forest Reserve in Tasmania Australia and also forms part of what is described as the 'bio-region' of Ben Lomond National Park. It is the 30th highest mountain in Tasmania. It is a prominent feature of the reserve and is a popular venue with bushwalkers.
 Seathwaite Fell is an area of the Lake District in Cumbria England. It stands above the hamlet of the same name at the head of Borrowdale.
 The River Stiffkey is a chalk stream running through an area of north Norfolk England from its source near Swanton Novers to flow out into the North Sea on the north Norfolk coast near the town of Stiffkey.
 Sungi River is a river of Bali Indonesia.It source is located in the mountainous area of the central-northern part of Bali. It flows through the ancient site of Mengwi and enters the sea to the west of Kerobokan Kelod on the south coast.The Sungi forms most of the eastern boundary of the Tabanan Regency and provides irrigation water for 4 200 ha of sawah within one kabupaten alone. The first King of Mengwi Lord of Blayu built a dam over the Sungi River.According to H.
 Mituva is a river in the western part of Lithuania (Raseiniai and Jurbarkas districts). It is a tributary of the Nemunas River. The Mituva originates 8 km to the northwest of Ariogala and just 1 km from the Dubysa river. It flows to the west and after confluence with the Vidauja river turns to the southeast. The Mituva joins with the Nemunas in Jurbarkas City. The main tributaries are Gausantė Snietala Antvardė Imsrė Akmena Alsa and Vidauja.
 The Bay of Saint-Augustin is located in the region of Atsimo-Andrefanaat the south-western coast of Madagascar at the Mozambique Channel. This bay is the mouth of the Onilahy River at a distance of 35 kilometres south of Toliara.
 Hayden Mountain is located in the Siskiyou Mountains of Klamath County in the U.S. State of Oregon.
 The Loe (Cornish: An Logh) also known as Loe Pool is the largest natural freshwater lake (50 ha and maximum depth of 6 m) in Cornwall United Kingdom. The earliest recorded appearance of the name was in about 1327 when it was called the Lo. Situated between Porthleven and Gunwalloe and downstream of Helston it is separated from Mount's Bay by the shingle bank of Loe Bar.
 The Russel Range is a subrange of the Finlay Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located between Finlay River and Pelly Creek in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Ungseokbong is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1099 metres.
 Mount Ida known variously as Idha Ídhi Idi Ita and now Psiloritis (Greek: Ψηλορείτης high mountain) is the highest mountain on Crete. Located in the Rethymno regional unit it was sacred to the Greek Titaness Rhea and on its slopes lies one of the caves Idaion Andron in which according to legend Zeus was born. As an island high point at 2456 m it is the mountain with the highest topographic prominence in Greece.
 The Valea Cârlanilor River is a tributary of the Valea Stânei River in Romania.
 The Cartianu River is a tributary of the Straja River in Romania.
 Pyhäjärvi is a lake in southern Finland. Although the name means in modern Finnish holy lake it probably meant originally border lake. Pyhäjärvi is shaped like the letter C with the cities of Tampere and Nokia on the northern end and town of Lempäälä at the southern end.The lake is fed by the water running through the Tammerkoski rapids in the center of Tampere in the north and by the waters from lake Vanajavesi in the south.
 The Grotu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Lake Qaraoun (Arabic: بحيرة القرعون‎ / ALA-LC: Buḥayrat al-Qara‘ūn) is an artificial lake or reservoir located in the southern region of the Beqaa Valley Lebanon. It was created near Qaraoun village in 1959 by building a 61-metre-high (200 ft) concrete-faced rockfill dam (the largest dam in Lebanon) in the middle reaches of the Litani River (longest river in Lebanon).
 The Messoyakha (Russian: Мессояха) is a river in Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug Russia. It drains into the Taz Estuary.
 The Schnidehorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It lies in the massif of the Wildhorn west of the Rawil Pass. A ridge connects the Schnidehorn and the Wildhorn to the southwest via the Schnidejoch.
 The Kautz Glacier is a narrow glacier on the southern flank of Mount Rainier in Washington. Named for August Kautz who is sometimes credited for the first ascent of Mount Rainier covers 1.8 square miles (4.7 km2) and contains 7.8 billion ft3 (221 million m3) of ice. Upper Kautz Glacier extends south from the summit ice cap to Kautz Ice Cliff at about 11700 feet (3600 m).
 The South Fork Feather River is a Lake Oroville tributary in the south portion of the Middle Fork Feather Watershed which drains several reservoirs including Little Grass Valley Reservoir.
 The Chiraleș River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
 Cupidstown Hill (from Irish Cnoc Bhaile Cupid meaning hill of Cupidstown) is a hill in Northeast County Kildare Ireland on the fringes of the Dublin Mountains. At 379 metres it is the highest summit in Kildare almost twice as high as the Hill of Allen. But Cupidstown Hill is lesser known than other summits in Kildare as it is dwarfed by nearby mountains such as Kippure. It is just above the village of Kilteel and is the 872nd highest summit in Ireland.
 Monte Barro is a mountain of Lombardy Italy It has an elevation of 922 metres (3025 ft).
 Miritiparaná River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 The Muncelu River is a tributary of the Cârligate River in Romania
 East Clear Creek is located in the Mogollon Rim area of the state of Arizona. The closest town Winslow is 45 miles away.
 Gongdeoksan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 913 metres.
 The Cioclovina River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 Punta Baretti (French: Pointe Baretti) (4013 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc Massif in the Val d'Aosta Italy.
 Mount Oxford is located on Ellesmere Island Nunavut Canada and was named for the University of Oxford. The first known ascent was in 1935 by A. W. Moore (sometimes listed as Morris) and Nukapinguaq a Greenland Inuit during the Oxford University Ellesmere Land Expedition when Moore estimated the height as 9000 ft (2743 m).It was not until 1957 when it was climbed for the second time during the International Geophysical Year that an accurate height was obtained.
 Herzbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Split Mountain (13161 ft (4011 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Split Mountain is the 22nd highest peak in Wyoming. Split Mountain is in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest and is about .70 mi (1.13 km) northwest of Twin Peaks and 1 mi (1.6 km) southeast of Mount Whitecap. Mammoth Glacier is on the northeast slopes of the peak while the smaller Baby Glacier flows down from a spur to the northwest.
 The Zanaihorn (2821 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located north of Vättis in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies on the range east of the Pizol between the valleys of the Zanaibach and the Tersolbach.
 Lägh da Bitabergh is a lake near Maloja Pass in Val Bregaglia Grisons Switzerland.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Gärtner is the lava-flooded remnant of a crater in the northeast part of the Moon. It is located on the northern edge of the Mare Frigoris. The southern half of the formation is completely missing and Gärtner forms a semi-circular basin along the edges of the lunar mare. To the north lies the crater Democritus.The surviving parts of the crater rim are heavily worn and eroded with notches and indentations formed by past impacts. The floor has a few low rises in the northern half.
 The Tincovița River is a tributary of the Tincova River in Romania
 La Brava is a lake in the eastearn part of the Balcarce Partido in Buenos Aires Province Argentina. It lies just on the border with General Pueyrredón 40 kilometres (25 mi) northwest of the city of Mar del Plata and 25 kilometres (16 mi) east of the town of Balcarce. Located within Mount La Brava the lake area is privately owned although open to the public for fishing and camping.
 Pinehurst Lake is a lake in Northeastern Alberta. Located 245 kilometres (152 mi) northeast of Edmonton in the Lakeland Provincial Recreation Area just east of the Lakeland Provincial Park it is a popular destination for anglers and hunters alike.Pinehurst Lake has a water surface of 40.7 km2 (15.7 sq mi) and drains by Punk Creek into the Sand River a tributary in the Beaver River basin. The lake has a catchment area of 285 km2 (110 sq mi).
 The Ciurgău River is a tributary of the Valea Toancei River in Romania.
 Martin's Guard Cave 1 & 2 are caves in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Leesville Lake is a reservoir in Virginia the United States used for Hydro-Electric power generation in conjunction with Smith Mountain Lake as a pump storage project.The smaller and lower of the two lakes Leesville Lake covers 3270 acres (13 km²) and contains 94900 acre feet (117100000 m3) of water at full pond. The lake is 17 miles in length with around 110 miles of shoreline.
 The Valea lui Nailat River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 Horace is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 58 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Horace is named for the Ancient Roman poet Horace who lived from 65 BCE to 8 BCE.
 The Valea Manolache River is a tributary of the Mălina River in Romania.
 Spencer Jones is a lunar impact crater on the Moon's far side. It is a roughly circular feature with a rim edge that is only moderately eroded. The inner wall of Spencer Jones is wider than elsewhere. The interior floor is relatively level with a low ridge offset to the south of the midpoint.
 The Bilate is a river of south-central Ethiopia. It rises on the southwestern slopes of Mount Gurage near 6°2′N 38°7′E flowing south along the western side of the Great Rift Valley to empty into Lake Abaya at 6°37′54″N 37°59′6″E.
 Spellman Lake is the name for two small lakes (North and South Spellman Lake) located 8 miles south of Clarkfield in Normania Township of Yellow Medicine County Minnesota. The lakes and much of the surrounding area are designated as federal waterfowl production areas. There are also state owned public hunting grounds near the lakes. Nontoxic shot is required for all shooting in the area. The use of airboats on North and South Spellman Lakes is prohibited by law at all times.
 The Herring Run is an 11.1-mile-long (17.9 km) tributary of the Back River located in Baltimore Maryland.
 Arnsberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Pardo River (Das Velhas River) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Chiascio is a river of Umbria central Italy.It is part of the Tiber basin.
 Bokjusan is a mountain in the county of Cheorwon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1152 m (3780 ft).
 Rock Creek is a 52-mile (84 km) river in Missoula and Granite County Montana. Rock Creek is a tributary of the Clark Fork river. The river's headwaters are in Lolo National Forest near Phillipsburg Montana. The river roughly parallels the Sapphire Mountains and enters the Clark Fork near Clinton Montana. Sapphires are found along the river.
 The Valea Dracilor River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
 Bliss is small lunar impact crater that is located just to the west of the dark-floored crater Plato. It lies in a region of continental terrain between Mare Imbrium to the south and Mare Frigoris to the north. This crater is bowl-shaped with a small interior floor at the midpoint and a somewhat eroded outer rim.In 2000 the IAU named this feature after Nathaniel Bliss the 4th Astronomer Royal.
 Lindblad is an old lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just beyond the northwestern limb. This formation is located to the southeast of the crater Brianchon and northeast of Cremona.The fine detail along the rim of this crater has been worn down by a history of lesser impacts leaving only a round-edged depression in the surface. The more recent impact Lindblad F intrudes slightly into the eastern rim and several tiny craters lie along the northwern and southwest rim.
 The Kopet Dag Kopet Dagh or Koppeh Dagh (Persian: Rivand Kuh‎ Turkmen: Köpetdag) also known as the Turkmen-Khorasan Mountain Range is a mountain range on the frontier between Turkmenistan and Iran extending about 650 kilometres (400 mi) along the border east of the Caspian Sea. The highest peak of the range in Turkmenistan is southwest of the capital Ashgabat and stands at 2940 metres (9646 ft). The highest Iranian summit is 3191 metres (10469 ft).
 Diete is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Mount Brandon or Brandon Mountain (Irish: Cnoc Bréanainn meaning Brendan's hill) is a 952 m (3123 ft) mountain on the Dingle Peninsula in County Kerry Ireland. It is the highest peak of the unnamed central mountain range of the Dingle Peninsula and the ninth highest peak on the island. It is also the highest Irish peak outside the Macgillycuddy's Reeks. It is classed as a Furth by the Scottish Mountaineering Club.
 Fizeau is a prominent lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon in the southern hemisphere. Nearby craters of note include Minkowski to the west-northwest and Eijkman to the southwest.The inner wall of the crater rim is multiply terraced in the northern half while the southern rim has a shear inner surface leading down to slumped deposits on the crater floor.
 Rindler Creek is a stream that rises on Sulfur Springs Mountain in southwestern Solano County California. A stream restoration project has been conducted to reverse the damage of cattle overgrazing. One goal of this project is to enhance habitat suitable for the endangered Northern Red-legged Frog. Water quality has been altered in Rindler Creek due to historic cinnabar extraction in this watershed.Cinnabar deposits were mined from this locale in the early 1900s via Hastings Mine and St.
 Twin Peaks also known as Twin Peaks Mountain is a volcanic peak on northern Vancouver Island in southwestern British Columbia Canada located 14 km (8.7 mi) southwest of Port McNeill. It consists of andesite lava that was erupted three million years ago when the Alert Bay Volcanic Belt was volcanically active during the Pliocene period.
 Szrenica (1362 m a.s.l. German Reifträger) is a mountain peak situated in the western part of Karkonosze on Polish and Czech border within the Karkonosze National Park. Its name originates from the Polish word szron (frost). There is a weather station situated close to the summit. The peak is deforested both the southern and the northern parts are used intensively for skiing. The elevation gain compared to the main range is approximately 60 m.
 The Derwent is a river in the county of Derbyshire England. It is 66 miles (106 km) long and is a tributary of the River Trent which it joins south of Derby. For half its course the river flows through the Peak District.Much of the river's route with the exception of the city of Derby is rural. However the river has also seen many human uses and between Matlock and Derby was one of the cradles of the Industrial Revolution providing power to the first industrial scale cotton mills.
 Dittersdorfer Höhe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Cimarron River (Pawnee: Káʾit iriírakiicuhat ) extends 698 miles (1123 km) across New Mexico Oklahoma Colorado and Kansas. The headwaters flow from Johnson Mesa west of Folsom in northeastern New Mexico.
 Trúc Bạch Lake (Vietnamese: Hồ Trúc Bạch) is one of the many lakes in the city of Hanoi the capital of Vietnam. It is known outside Vietnam as the site where future United States politician John McCain landed during the Vietnam War after being shot down. Trúc Bạch Lake is located northwest of Hanoi's Old Quarter immediately adjacent to the eastern shore of the city's largest lake the West Lake (Hồ Tây) a former branch of the Red River whose west bank is nearby.
 Quriqucha (Quechua quri gold qucha lake gold lake hispanicized spelling Ccoricocha) is a lake in Peru. It is situated in the Apurímac Region Andahuaylas Province San Jerónimo District. Quriqucha lies southwest of the lakes Antaqucha and Wachuqucha and northeast of the lake Suyt'uqucha.
 Lake Kapoai is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Three Bears Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is adjacent to the Continental Divide and .5 miles (0.80 km) northwest of Marias Pass.
 The Ward River is a tributary of the Langlo River itself a tributary of the Warrego River in central west Queensland Australia. It flows in a southerly direction from south of Tambo to west of Charleville.
 The Herzogstand is a mountain in the Bavarian foothills of the Alps 75 kilometres (47 mi) south of the city of Munich. It has an elevation of 1731 metres (5679 ft) and is northwest of Lake Walchen. Maximilian II of Bavaria had a hunting lodge built underneath today's so-called Herzogstand-house in 1857. His successor King Ludwig II had a royal lodge built further up the mountain in 1865.
 Yanarahu(Quechua yana black rahu snow ice mountain with snow black snow peak hispanicized spellings Yanarrajo Yanarraju) Ruriqucha (Quechua ruri inside Ancash Quechua ruri interior / inside / deep Quechua qucha lake interior lake or deep lake hispanicized Ruricocha) ContrahierbaContrahierbas or Contrayerba (Spanish) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5954 metres (19534 ft) high.
 The Cache la Poudre River /ˌkæʃ ləˈpuːdər/ (sometimes called the Poudre River or the Poudre) is in the state of Colorado in the United States. Its headwaters are in the Front Range in Larimer County in the northern part of Rocky Mountain National Park. The river descends eastward in the mountains through the Roosevelt National Forest in Poudre Canyon. It emerges from the foothills north of the city of Fort Collins.
 Eagle Rest Peak is a remote peak in the San Emigdio Mountains located in southern Kern County California 12 miles (19 km) west of the settlement of Grapevine and Interstate 5.
 The Turfan volcano (also the volcano of Ho-tscheu or Bischbalik) is a volcano near the city of Turpan Xinjiang.Eruptions were recorded during the Song Dynasty with reports of frequent smog from the volcano on cloudless days and a nighttime blaze like a torch in around 1120 AD.
 Wachbühl is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Amazon River (US /ˈæməzɒn/ or UK /ˈæməzən/; Spanish and Portuguese: Amazonas) in South America is the largest river by discharge of water in the world averaging a discharge of about 209000 cubic meters per second (7381000 cu ft/s) greater than the next seven largest independent rivers combined.
 The Câlnic River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Brown Peak is a peak located in Kern County California. The peak is located on King Solomons Ridge at the head of Haight Canyon 2.1 miles (3.4 km) southwest of Liebel Peak and 12.5 miles (20 km) north of Loraine California in Sequoia National Forest.Brown Peak is named for Charlie Brown a miner who lived in the area during the early 1900s.
 The Dargo River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine and East Gippsland regions of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Sedererstuiben is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Murphy Lake is a lake at Moultrie in Colquitt County Georgia United States. Its surface area is 25 acres (10 ha).It is a location for bass channel catfish and bream fishing.
 See Lone Butte for other mountains of this name.Lone Butte is a low steep-sided mesa butte or volcanic plug in southern British Columbia Canada located on the southern Cariboo Plateau to the southeast of 100 Mile House. It is composed of columnar basalt that formed within a prehistoric volcano six million years ago. It is part of the geological formation known as the Chilcotin Group which lies in between the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains and the mid-Fraser River.
 The Hogatza River is a 120-mile (190 km) tributary of the Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning in the Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve it flows generally southwest to meet the larger river west of Hughes. The river's name is from the Koyukon language but the meaning is uncertain.
 Lake Pehoé (Spanish pronunciation: [peoˈe]) is a surface water body located in Torres del Paine National Park in the Magallanes Region of southern Chile. The lake is fed mainly by Paine River through the Nordenskjöld Lake but it also receives the waters of the outlet of Skottsberg Lake.Paine River waters feeding the Pehoé Lake have emerged from the Salto Grande waterfall. In this upper reach of the Pehoe Lake watershed there are numerous flora and fauna including grazing wild Guanaco.
 Nohokomeen Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington in a cirque on the north slope of Jack Mountain. Nohokomeen Glacier is heavily crevassed especially after the midpoint of its descent from 8200 to 6100 ft (2500 to 1900 m).
 The Titarisios (Greek: Τιταρήσιος formerly Ξεριάς - Xerias) is a river in Thessaly Greece. It is a major tributary of the Pineios. The river begins at the western slopes of Mount Olympus and flows southwest then south. It leaves the mountains near the village Sykia and turns east near the village Vlachogianni. It passes along the town Tyrnavos and flows into the Pineios near the village Rodia. The confluence is at 65 m above sea level.
 The Luga River (Russian: Луга) is a river in Novgorodsky and Batetsky Districts of Novgorod Oblast and Luzhsky Volosovsky Slantsevsky and Kingiseppsky Districts of Leningrad Oblast of Russia. The river flows into the Luga Bay of the Gulf of Finland. It freezes up in the early December and stays under the ice until early April. The length of the Luga is 353 kilometres (219 mi) and the area of its drainage basin is 13200 square kilometres (5100 sq mi).
 The Gugu River is a tributary of the Cungrea Mică River in Romania.
 The Peel Watershed drains 14% of the Yukon Territory Canada and flows into the Beaufort Sea via the Peel and then Mackenzie Rivers. While the lower part of the Peel River and its confluence with the Mackenzie River are in the North West Territories most of the watershed 68000 km2 out of 77000 km2 is in the Yukon. Six major tributaries and numerous smaller streams feed the Peel.
 Sleepy Creek Lake is a 205 acres (0.8 km2) impoundment of the Meadow Branch of Sleepy Creek in Berkeley County in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle. The reservoir is located at an elevation of 1086 feet (331 m) on the 23000 acres (90 km2) Sleepy Creek Wildlife Management Area which lies within both Morgan and Berkeley Counties. The lake is also nestled between two mountain ridges: Sleepy Creek Mountain (1905 ft) and Third Hill Mountain (2172 ft).
 The Deister is a chain of hills in the German state of Lower Saxony about 15 mi (25 km) southwest of the city of Hanover. It runs in a north-westerly direction from Springe in the south to Rodenberg in the north. The next the chain of hills that attaches in the south is called Small Deister.
 The Roaring River (Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.
 Oak Creek Canyon is a river gorge located along the Mogollon Rim in northern Arizona between the cities of Flagstaff and Sedona. The canyon is often described as a smaller cousin of the Grand Canyon because of its scenic beauty. State Route 89A enters the canyon on its north end via a series of hairpin turns before traversing the bottom of the canyon for about 13 miles (21 km) until the highway enters the town of Sedona.
 Lake Arapuni is one of several artificial lakes formed as part of a hydroelectricity scheme on the Waikato River in the North Island of New Zealand. It is 65 km (40 mi) southeast of Hamilton to the north of Mangakino.The dam at the small settlement of Arapuni at the lake's northern end was the first constructed on the Waikato and was completed in 1929. The lake occupies an area of 9 km2 (3.5 sq mi).
 Changabang is a mountain in the Garhwal Himalaya of Uttarakhand India. It is part of a group of peaks that form the northeast wall of the Nanda Devi Sanctuary. It is a particularly steep and rocky peak and all routes on it are serious undertakings. It has been the site of many significant climbs.
 The Bretea River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
 Maracaibo Lake is a lake in the Cercado Province Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 177 m its surface area is 15.8 km².
 The River Tame flows through Greater Manchester England.
 The Little Ogeechee River in Hancock County is one of two rivers with that name in the U.S. state of Georgia. It rises in Hancock County northeast of Sparta and flows southeast into Washington County passing through Hamburgh State Park and entering the Ogeechee River 3 miles (5 km) southwest of Mitchell. The river is 21.3 miles (34.3 km) long.
 The Fontanabran is a mountain in the Chablais Alps in Switzerland.
 Schlücht is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Meggers is an impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon. Nearby craters of note include Olcott to the southwest and Innes and Seyfert farther away to the northwest. To the east lies Vernadskiy.The rim of Meggers is roughly circular in form with slight outward bulges to the southeast and northeast. The crater merges with a comparably sized formation to the northwest and the intervening rim is somewhat irregular in form.
 The Sărata River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Cirque Lake Peak at 10210 feet (3110 m) above sea level is a peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Boise County. The peak is located 1.39 mi (2.24 km) north-northwest of Packrat Peak its line parent.
 Oppheimsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Voss in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Amalis is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania.
 Green Crater is an impact crater in the Argyre quadrangle of Mars located at 52.7° S and 8.4° W. It is 184.0 km in diameter and was named after Nathan E. Green a British astronomer (1823-1899).
 The Corlatu River is a tributary of the Hoanca Moţului River in Romania.
 Lawrence is a lunar crater that is located on a section of terrain to the east of Mare Tranquillitatis and northwest of Mare Fecunditatis. To the southeast is the larger crater Taruntius. The rille designated Rima Cauchy crosses the eastern part of the Mare Tranquillitatis and reaches as far as the northern rim of Lawrence.This crater has been flooded by lava leaving only a shallow ring of a rim projecting above the surface.
 Gorbea or Gorbeia is a mountain and massif the highest in Biscay and Alava (Basque Country Spain) with a height of 1481 m AMSL. The massif covers a wide area between the two provinces. The main mountain is a round grass-covered summit where a 20-metre-tall metallic cross has been constructed to reach the altitude of 1500 m.
 Gleise is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania.
 Chevelon Canyon Lake is a small reservoir located in northern Arizona about 15 mi (24 km) west of the city of Heber. It is one in a series of small canyon-bound lakes located on the Mogollon Rim collectively referred to as the Rim Lakes. It is among the most difficult to access in the region.
 Alån is a river in Sweden.
 The Cobre River is a river of Panama.
 Lake Acworth is a 90-acre (36 ha) artificial lake located southwest of the city of Acworth Georgia. It is located in the extreme northwestern part of Cobb County. The lake impounds Proctor Creek (not the same as Proctor Creek in nearby Atlanta) and outflows into Lake Allatoona. The low dam is at the point where State Route 92 (Lake Acworth Drive) crosses. (34.0584°N 84.693°W﻿ / 34.0584; -84.693) The city operates Acworth Beach a public beach and park along the northern shore of the lake.
 The Manganui o te Ao River is a river of the centre of New Zealand's North Island. It has its source in numerous streams and small rivers which flow west from the slopes of Mount Ruapehu though the main course of the river flows predominantly southwest through rugged hill country to meet with the Whanganui River 10 kilkometres north of Pipiriki at the edge of the Whanganui National Park.
 Katzbach (Kraichbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Coe Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range on the north slope of Mount Hood at an elevation between 10500 and 6400 ft (3200 and 2000 m).Between 1907 and 2004 Coe Glacier lost 15% of its surface area. The glacier terminus retreated 390 metres (1280 ft) over the same time period.
 The Dălșești River is a tributary of the Sighișoara River in Romania.
 Skimtheia is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Teisenberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Geist Reservoir is a reservoir in the northeastern part of metropolitan Indianapolis Indiana USA. It was constructed in 1943 by damming Fall Creek to provide water for Indianapolis. Upon completion Geist Reservoir was the second largest man made lake in Indiana providing approximately 7000000000 US gallons (2.6×1010 l; 5.8×109 imp gal) of water.
 Neyinzaya River (Neyinzaya Chaung) is a river in Chin State and Sagaing Region of Burma (Myanmar). It is a tributary of the Myittha River enterring it from the left (west) just south of Kalemyo.At its headwaters in the Letha Mountains (Letha Tang) of Tonzang Township in Chin State it is known as the Tuimi Lui. It flows off the slopes of Mount Wapit (Wapit Vum) (7854 feet (2394 m)) and Mount Nauko (Nauko Vum) (8764 feet (2671 m)).
 Backdrop Peak at 10099 feet (3078 m) above sea level is a peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. Located in Sawtooth National Forest on the border of Blaine and Camas counties Backdrop Peak is about 1.45 miles (2330 m) north of Baker Peak. Baker Lake is just east of the peak.
 The Cle Elum River is a tributary of the Yakima River approximately 28 miles (45 km) long in the U.S. state of Washington. The river originates in the Cascade Range near Mount Daniel and flows generally south through Hyas Lake. The river is joined by many tributary streams including Waptus River and Cooper River after which it enters Cle Elum Lake.
 The Mutshindudi River is a river in the Limpopo Province of South Africa. It is a right-hand tributary of the Levuvhu River.Dams Vondo Dam
 Wailevu River (Vanua Levu) is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Chikman (Russian: Чикман) is a river in Perm Krai Russia left tributary of Yayva River. It is 55 km in length. Area of basin is 600 km2. It starts on the west slope of North Ural to north of mount Sheludyak. Its mouth upstream of village Sukhaya in 221 km from mouth of Yayva River. There are some small tributaries most significant of them are: Left: Poludennaya (33 km) Syuz (23 km) Talitsa (18 km); Right: Sukhaya
 Lake Albanel is located east of Lake Mistassini and covers a total area of approximately 445 square kilometres (172 sq mi). It is located in the region of Jamésie. Quebec Route 167 ends beside this lake. It is entirely located in the protected area of Lacs-Albanel-Mistassini-et-Waconichi.
 Ocamo River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Three Lakes Ridge is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey.
 Loktak Lake (Manipuri Mayek:ꯂꯣꯛꯇꯛ: লোকতাক) the largest freshwater (sweet) lake in India also called the only Floating lake in the world due to the floating phumdis (heterogeneous mass of vegetation soil and organic matters at various stages of decomposition) on it is located near Moirang in Manipur state India. The etymology of Loktak is Lok = stream and tak = the end.
 Falling Leaf Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is in a cirque to the north of Allen Mountain and adjacent to Snow Moon Lake.
 The Aschentalshalbe is a ridge in the Harz Mountains of Germany that is up to 685 m above sea level. It lies south of the village of Sieber in the unincorporated area of Harz in the district of Osterode in the state of Lower Saxony.
 The Ieșelnița River or Eșelnița River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Quebra-Dentes River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Uršlja gora or Plešivec (1699 metrov) is the easternmost peak of Karawanks. It lies between Slovenj Gradec and Črna na Koroškem. There are three villages near the mountain Uršlja Gora Podgora in Zgornji Razbor. It has great panoramic view towards all of Koroška Kozjak and Kamnik-Savinja Alps. Near the top is Cerkev svete Uršule church TV antenna mountain hut Dom na Uršlji gori (1670 m) and monument to fallen soldiers in 1918 and 1919.The name Plešivec (eng.
 The Firizan River is a tributary of the Ilba River in Romania.
 River IJssel (Dutch pronunciation: [ˈɛi̯səl]) sometimes called Gelderse IJssel (Gelderland IJssel) to avoid confusion with its Hollandse IJssel namesake in the west of the Netherlands is a branch of the Rhine in the Dutch provinces of Gelderland and Overijssel. River IJssel flows from Westervoort east of the city of Arnhem until it discharges into the IJsselmeer (Lake IJssel until the 1932 completion of the Afsluitdijk known as the Zuiderzee a North Sea inlet).
 Reservoir Fissure is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Warden Lake is a reservoir on Moores Run (a Cacapon River tributary) near Wardensville in northern Hardy County West Virginia United States. Warden Lake is located within the Warden Lake Wildlife Management Area nestled between Baker Mountain (2024 ft/617 m) and Big Ridge (1995 ft/608 m).
 The Tirso (Sardinian: Tirsu) is a 152 km Italian river the most important of the island Sardinia. It rises from the plateau of Buddusò on the slopes of the Punta Pianedda at an elevation of 985 m and crosses the island from east to west entering the sea in the Gulf of Oristano.
 The Pârâul Bogat is a tributary of the Suseni River in Romania.
 Svellnosbreahesten is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Sudosan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1317 metres.
 Stordalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Åfjord in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake is located on the Stordalselva river which flows into the Åfjorden. The lake lies between the villages of By (on the east end) and Årnes (on the west end).
 Lac de Pierre-Châtel is a lake between Pierre-Châtel and Saint-Théoffrey in the Isère department of France. Its surface area is 1.4 km².In the North are the Lac de Petichet and the Grand lac de Laffrey.
 The Pârâul Furciturii or Furcituri River is a tributary of the Izvoru Muntelui River in Romania.
 Tiling is a small undistinguished crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located just over one crater diameter to the north-northeast of the prominent crater Fizeau. The outer rim of Tiling is worn and rounded with a small craterlet along the western edge. The interior floor is relatively level and featureless with only a small craterlet along the eastern edge and inner wall.To the north-northeast of Tiling and running towards the northeast is a broken groove in the surface.
 The Pozen River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 Mount Tok Wan (Malay: Gunung Tok Wan)is a mountain located in Semenyih. This mountain has a height of 675meter above sea level. Mountain vowed to be explored by the group of officers from Kajang Prison. Situated on the summit of Bukit Broga Semenyih. Path must turn over Bukit Broga before reaching Mount Tok Wan.
 The Hölloch is a 200.4 kilometres (124.5 mi) long cave in the Muotathal municipality in Switzerland. It is also notable for having a depth of 938.6 metres (3079 ft) and being the second longest cave in Europe. The initial exploration started in 1875 and was led by Alois Ulrich. A large part of the exploration of this cave was led by one of the pioneers of speleology Alfred Bögli.
 Monte Disgrazia (3678 m) is a mountain in the Bregaglia range in the Italian Alps. It is the highest peak in the Val Masino group situated south of the Bernina Range.It has five glaciers and five wild ridges and is a demanding climb.The first ascent was by Leslie Stephen E. S. Kennedy and Thomas Cox with guide Melchior Anderegg on 23 August 1862. Their route over the Preda Rossa glacier and the northwest ridge is the easiest one and has remained the normal climbing route.
 Northeast Branch Anacostia River is a 3.2-mile-long (5.1 km) free-flowing stream in Prince George's County Maryland. It is a tributary of the Anacostia River which flows to the Potomac River and the Chesapeake Bay.
 Sherbrooke Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Municipality of Chester in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Depot Creek is a large creek in Whatcom County Washington and British Columbia. Its headwaters are in Washington however its mouth is in British Columbia. It is best known for the waterfall it flows over Depot Creek Falls. It is named for an old trading post near its mouth hence the name Depot.Depot Creek's headwaters are in Ouzel Lake located in a cirque between Mount Redoubt and Mount Spickard.
 Yelma (Russian: Елма) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Vishera River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 27 km.
 Llyn Conwy (SH780462) is a lake in the county of Conwy in central north Wales. It is the source of the River Conwy which on flowing south out of the lake swings round to then generally flow in a northerly direction for a distance of some 27 miles (43 km) to its discharge in Conwy Bay. Llyn Conwy lies at a height of about 1488 ft with a maximum depth of 16 feet and is by far the biggest lake of the Migneint moors an extensive area of blanket mire with high rainfall - about 260 cm p.a.
 Wase Rock is a massive dome shaped rocky inselberg found near Wase town in Wase Local Government Area of Plateau State in central Nigeria. Standing alone in the Wase plains it achieves a remarkable height of about 350 metres (1150 ft) above the surface of the neighbouring surroundings. Available records indicate that this beautiful massive dome shaped rocky inselberg is one out of only five in the world.
 Samaksan is a mountain in the city of Chuncheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 654 m (2146 ft).
 The Manouane River a tributary of the Peribonka River flows in the administrative region of Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean in Quebec Canada.
 Gradina (Serbian Cyrillic: Градина) is a mountain on the border of Serbia and Montenegro between cities of Priboj and Pljevlja. Its highest peak Bandjer has an elevation of 1446 m (4744 ft) above sea level.
 The San Miguel River (Ecuador) is a river of Ecuador and Peru. For much of its length it forms the international boundary between the two countries.
 Little Bull Lake is a lake in Algoma District Ontario Canada. It is about 1.1 kilometres (0.7 mi) long and 0.31 kilometres (0.2 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 352 metres (1155 ft).
 West Morava (Serbian: Западна Морава Zapadna Morava pronounced [zâːpadnaː mɔ̝̌rav̞a]) is a river in central Serbia a 308 km-long longer headstream of the Great Morava which it forms with the South Morava.
 Brule Lake forms part of the border between the States of Michigan and Wisconsin and is the headwater of the Brule River at 46°02′23″N 88°50′59″W.The source of the name is the Ojibwa name for the river Wisakota meaning burned or burnt which the French Voyageurs translated as Brûlé.
 Crommlin Crater is an impact crater in the Oxia Palus quadrangle of Mars. It is located at 5.1° north and 10.2° west. It was named after Andrew C. Crommlin a British astronomer (1865–1939).
 Aqumayu (Quechua aqu sand mayu river sand river hispanicized spelling Acomayo) is a river in Peru located in the Huánuco Region Huánuco Province Chinchao District. It is a left tributary of the Huallaga River. The confluence is southeast of the town Acomayo (Aqumayu) near the village Tinku Pampa (Tingo Pampa).
 Raung is one of the most active volcanoes on the island of Java in Indonesia. It is located in the province of East Java and has a 2-kilometre-wide (1.2 mi) and 500-metre-deep (1600 ft) caldera surrounded by a grayish rim. The difference in color of the rim and the flanks of the volcanoes is caused by the rim’s lack of vegetation compared with the healthy and extensive vegetation on the flanks.
 St. Mary Reservoir is a reservoir in southwestern Alberta Canada. It was created for irrigation purposes by the damming of the St. Mary River which was completed in 1951. The Kainai Nation's Blood 148 Indian reserve borders its northwest side. There are camping and picnic areas at the reservoir and it is a popular site for power boating water skiing windsurfing swimming and fishing.In 1998 St.
 Pico Cristóbal Colón is the highest mountain in Colombia with an estimated height of 5700 metres (18700 ft). It is also the fifth most prominent in the world (see list of peaks by prominence). The nearest peak that is higher is Cayambe some 1288 kilometres (800 mi) away. There is a permanent snowcap on this peak and on the nearby mountains. It is part of the Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta range along with Pico Simón Bolívar.
 Wierzyca is a river of Poland a tributary of the Vistula. Among its own tributaries is the Mała Wierzyca.
 Gibaeksan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1331 metres.
 The Tătarcu River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Tsirku River is a glacier-fed stream in Southeast Alaska near the town of Haines in the U.S. state of Alaska. The river's source is found at the Tsirku Glacier a large sprawling ice mass at the border of Alaska and the Canadian province of British Columbia. The river ends in a 4-mile (6 km) wide delta near the Tlingit village of Klukwan.
 The Maskeliya Oya (translated into Maskeliya River from Sinhala) is a major upstream tributary of the Kelani River. The tributary measures approximately 40 km (25 mi) in length originating from the hills of the Peak Wilderness Sanctuary before passing through the Maskeliya Reservoir. Maskeliya Oya converges with the Kehelgamu Oya at Kalugala forming the 100 km (62 mi) long Kelani River. The river is heavily used for hydroelectric power generation.
 Atsina Lake is in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana just to the west of Pyramid Peak. Atsina Lake has several waterfalls nearby including Paiota Falls Atsina Falls and the Mokowanis Cascade.
 Stornubben is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Jasenica (Serbian Cyrillic: Јасеница pronounced [jasɛ̌nitsa]) is a river in central Serbia. It is 79 kilometres (49 mi) long and is the left tributary of the Velika Morava. This river gives the name to the surrounding region.
 The Tepalcatepec River is a river of Mexico.
 Inselsee is a lake in the Rostock district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 11.4 m its surface area is 4.58 km². The lake is divided into two parts by a small island. While the northern part of the lake is relatively flat the average depth of the southern part is up to 6 m.
 Lake Hāmūn (Persian: دریاچه هامون‎ Daryācheh-ye Hāmūn) or Hamoun Oasis is a term applied to wetlands in endorheic Sīstān Basin on the Irano-Afghan border. Hāmūn is generic term which refers to shallow lakes (or lagoons) usually seasonal that occur in deserts of southeast Iran and adjacent areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan as product of snowmelt in nearby mountains in spring.
 The Céor (French: le Céor) is a 55.9 km (34.7 mi) long river in the Aveyron département southern France. Its source is at Salles-Curan 3.5 km (2.2 mi) southwest of the lac de Pareloup. It flows generally west-southwest. It is a left tributary of the Viaur into which it flows at Saint-Just-sur-Viaur.
 The Rediu River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania. The Rediu and Tăcuta dams are located on this river.
 The Valea Fânețelor River or Râul Fânațelor or Ghepeş River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Clay Pit Pond also known as Claypit Pond lies between Concord Avenue and Belmont High School. Its waters are notoriously unclean and incidents of students swimming in the pond have resulted in infection. It was used in the past as a source of clay for making bricks. The large pit was flooded with water after operations ceased leaving some equipment behind.
 Kinwamayu (Quechua kinwa a plant (Chenopodium quinoa) mayu river hispanicized spelling Ccuenhuamayo) is a river in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Victor Fajardo Province Huancapi District. It is an affluent of the Pampas River.Kinwamayu originates in the Canaria District. Here it is named Saqsara (Saccsara). It flows in a mainly northern direction following the border with the Huaya District.
 The Pensnett Canal also called Lord Ward's Canal was a private 1.25 miles (2 km) long canal near Brierley Hill West Midlands England. The engineer was Mathew Frost.
 Kvarkush (Russian: Кваркуш) is a mountain range in North Ural in Perm Krai Russia. Located in the basin of Vishera River between Uls River and upstreams of Yayva River. Its highland swamps are source of many rivers and streams. It stretches from north to south. Its length is about 60 km width is 12 – 15 km. Highest point is mount Vogulsky Kamen (1066 m).
 The River Wear (/ˈwɪər/ WEER) in North East England rises in the Pennines and flows eastwards mostly through County Durham to the North Sea in the City of Sunderland. At 60 mi (97 km) long it is one of the region's longest rivers wends in a steep valley through the cathedral city of Durham and gives its name to Weardale in its upper reach and Wearside by its mouth.
 Mowich Lake is a lake located in the northwestern corner of Mount Rainier National Park in Washington State at an elevation of 4929 feet (1502 m). The name Mowich derives from the Chinook jargon word for deer.Access to the lake is provided by a 17 miles (27 km) long unpaved road which opens to vehicles in mid June to early July. Mowich Lake is also a busy campground during the summer with 30 walk-in tent camping spots.
 Eger (Elbe) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Izvorul Stânei River is a tributary of the Şasa River in Romania
 The Răchita River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 The Timbarra River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Mulkear River or Mulcair rises in the Slievefelim and Silvermine Mountains in Ireland flows through the east of County Limerick before joining the River Shannon near Annacotty. It flows through Counties Limerick and North Tipperary. The principal tributaries are the Dead River the Bilboa River and the Newport River (Tipperary).The Mulkear River is salmon and brown trout river so from 1 March to 30 September there is fishing season.
 Melbury Hill whose summit is also called Melbury Beacon is a prominent hill 263 metres high on the high chalk escarpment of the North Dorset Downs above the village of Melbury Abbas in the county of Dorset in southern England.From Melbury Beacon there are superb panoramic views of Blackmore Vale and Cranborne Chase as well as the Saxon hilltop town of Shaftesbury less than 2 miles to the north.In 1588 an Armada beacon sited here formed part of a chain of signal beacons from London to Plymouth.There is a trig point on the summit and a National Trust-owned wood on its western flank above the A350 from Blandford Forum to Shaftesbury.
 Corno dei Tre Signori is a mountain of Lombardy Italy.
 Mtamvuna River is a river that forms the border between KwaZulu-Natal and the Eastern Cape Provinces in South Africa. The river has a wide mouth and flows into the Indian Ocean just south of Port Edward. The Mtamvuna river is approximately 162 km long with a catchment area of 1553 km². The name means the reaper of mouthfuls because of the damage the river does to crops during floods.
 The River Boyne (Irish: An Bhóinn or Abhainn na Bóinne) is a river in Leinster Ireland the course of which is about 112 kilometres (70 mi) long. It rises at Trinity Well Newberry Hall near Carbury County Kildare and flows towards the Northeast through County Meath to reach the Irish Sea between Mornington County Meath and Baltray County Louth. Salmon and trout can be caught in the river which is surrounded by the Boyne Valley.
 The Tria River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 The Devil River is a river of New Zealand's Tasman Region. It starts between the Devil Range and the Anatoki Range and flows generally east through the Kahurangi National Park reaching the Takaka River 13 kilometres south of the town of Takaka.
 Piz Sezner (2310 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Obersaxen in the canton of Graubünden. It is located between the main Rhine valley and the Val Lumnezia.In winter the mountain is part of a ski area. A cable car station is located west of the summit at 2269 metres.
 Kleinvielener See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 51.1 m its surface area is 0.98 km².
 The Faulhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located between Lake Brienz and Grindelwald in the Bernese Oberland. The summit is 2681 metre high and can be reached by several trails.The mountain is split between the municipalities of Iseltwald and Grindelwald with the summit located on the boundary between the two.Since 1830 a hotel is located on the very summit.
 Jugeumsan is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its area extends across the cities of Pocheon Namyangju and the county of Gapyeong. Jugeumsan has an elevation of 877.2 m (2878 ft).
 The Râul Neamțului cel Mare is a headwater of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 Sand Creek is a stream in El Paso County Colorado and a tributary of Fountain Creek.Banning Lewis Number 1 Dam located approximately one mile south of Shirley was built across the East Fork of Sand Creek to create Banning Lewis Reservoir Number 1.Sand Creek is not to be confused with Big Sandy Creek location of the Sand Creek Massacre.
 Phelps Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York.
 The Mangapai River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is perhaps better described as a silty arm of Whangarei Harbour located 10 kilometres due south of Whangarei. Its average width is some four kilometres but the silty nature of its course means that the stream itself is far narrower.
 Chamberlin is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just past the southeastern limb. It lies to the southeast of the crater Jeans and Moulton is attached to the southeastern rim of Chamberlin. This crater is located in a part of the lunar surface that has undergone resurfacing of crater interiors producing dark-hued crater floors.The outer rim of this formation is somewhat irregular in shape with outward bulges to the east and southeast.
 The Bolduţ River is a tributary of the Valea Largă in Romania.
 The Boiștea River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania
 Morey Hole (also known as Morey’s Hole) is a 22-acre (89000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts west of Vallerville and Ship Pond and southwest of Briggs Reservoir. Camp Child a former summer camp run by the Old Colony Council of the Boy Scouts of America from 1925 through 1995 surrounds the pond.
 Seonginbong is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 984 metres.
 The Cem River (Albanian: Cem or in its definite form Cemi; Montenegrin: Cijevna Цијевна) is a river that flows through Albania and Montenegro.It originates in Kelmend Municipality Malësi e Madhe District Albania. It flows generally southwest through Triesh and Gruda for some 64.7 kilometres (40.2 mi) before merging with Morača River just south of Podgorica in Montenegro.
 Forget-me-not Lakes are located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Situated 1 mile (1.6 km) west of Rimrock Lake and Prospectors Mountain Forget-me-not Lakes consist of several small bodies of water the largest 150 yd (140 m) long and 180 yd (160 m) wide.
 Teneguía is a cinder cone volcano situated on the island of La Palma one of the Canary Islands.
 Nansi Lake (Chinese: 南四湖; pinyin: Nánsì Hú; literally Southern Four Lakes) or Weishan Lake administrated by Weishan County and located in Shandong Province in China is the largest freshwater lake in the north of the country. It consists of four lakes: Weishan (Chinese: 微山湖; pinyin: Wēishān Hú) Zhaoyang (Chinese: 昭阳湖; pinyin: Zhāoyáng Hú) Nanyang (Chinese: 南阳湖; pinyin: Nányáng Hú) Dushan (Chinese: 独山湖; pinyin: Dúshān Hú). It is 120 km long and 1266 square km in area.
 Alakol Lake (Kazakh: Алакөл Turkic motley lake) is a lake located in the Almaty and Shyghyz provinces east central Kazakhstan. Its elevation is 347 m (1138 ft) above sea level.The lake is the northwest extension of the region known as the Dzhungarian Gate (Alataw Pass) a narrow valley connects the southern uplands of Kazakhstan with arid northwest China.
 Bööler Pass (el. 611 m.) is a mountain pass in the canton of Aargau in Switzerland.It connects Unterkulm and Schöftland.
 Green Lake Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and is immediately northeast of Bacon Peak. Green Lake Glacier descends from a ridge extending from the east of Bacon Peak. The glacier forms two tongues descending to the north of the ridge from 6600 to 5500 ft (2000 to 1700 m). The ridge is an arête which separates Green Lake Glacier from Diobsud Creek Glacier to the south. Meltwater from the glacier spills over Bacon Lake Falls en route to Green Lake.
 Sauerbach (Avenbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Săcămaș River in Romania.
 Helwangspitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps to the east of Vaduz with a height of 1999 metres (6558 ft) / or 2000 m.
 The Valea Căldării River is a tributary of the Valea Stânei River in Romania.
 The Palmer River is a river southwest of Cooktown in northeastern Australia. It was the site of a gold rush in the late 19th century which started in 1872. The Palmer River flows west across Cape York to the Gulf of Carpentaria via the Mitchell River. Its headwaters are the Sussex Range near the Palmer River Roadhouse south of Lakeland.
 The Daia River is a tributary of the Homorodul Mare River in Romania.
 Lake Omapere is a small lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand. It is located just to the north of the town of Kaikohe.The lake is five km in length and covers 14 km² but only two to three metres deep at its deepest point.
 Stranger Pond a series of two artificial lakes sourced from stormwater discharge from urban and rural areas are located in the Tuggeranong district of Canberra within the Australian Capital Territory Australia.The two ponds called Upper Stranger Pond and Lower Stranger Pond are situated adjacent to the suburb of Bonython.
 For other mountain ranges named Black Mountains see: Black Mountains (disambiguation)The Black Mountains of northwest Arizona are an extensive mostly linear north-south 75-mile (121 km) long mountain range. It forms the north-south border of southwest Mohave County as it borders the eastern shore of the south-flowing Colorado River from Hoover Dam.The northwest and parts of the west of the range are located in the Lake Mead National Recreation Area.
 The Sălciva River ( Hungarian: Szolcsva-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Eisenstein is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Albysjön (Swedish for Lake of Alby) is a lake in Tyresö Municipality just south of Stockholm in Sweden.The small lake is the last lake in the Tyresån Lake System. Surrounded by green spaces and pastures it is popular for bathing angling canoeing and other open-air activities. Motor engines are prohibited.
 The Prut (also spelled in English Pruth; Romanian pronunciation: [prut] Ukrainian: Прут) is a 953 km (592 mi) long river in Eastern Europe. In part of its course it forms Romania's border with Moldova and Ukraine.
 The Colnici River is a tributary of the Borcut River in Romania.
 Flint Lake is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Eel River is a 94-mile-long (151 km) tributary of the Wabash River in northern Indiana in the United States. Via the Wabash and Ohio rivers its waters flow to the Mississippi River and ultimately the Gulf of Mexico. The Eel River rises southeast of Huntertown in Allen County and flows southwest through Allen Whitley Kosciusko Wabash Miami and Cass counties to join the Wabash at Logansport.
 Tidan is a river in Sweden. It is one of few Swedish rivers that flow north.
 Cahuinari River (Spanish pronunciation: [kawiˈnaɾi]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 Houzeau is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the northwest of the Mare Orientale impact basin and ejecta from that event has fallen across this crater rim and its interior. To the south of Houzeau lies the crater Gerasimovich and one crater diameter to the west is Belopol'skiy.
 The Jigău River is a tributary of the Finiș River in Romania.
 Veischede is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Khong Khola River is a small perennial river near the town of Darjeeling in the Indian state of West Bengal.
 The Ohau River is a short river (some eight kilometres in length) that links Lake Ohau with the artificial lake Ruataniwha in the Mackenzie Basin New Zealand. Until the construction of the Waitaki River hydroelectric project it was a tributary of the Waitaki River. The river forms part of the traditional boundary between Otago and Canterbury regions. [1]
 The Zerind River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 The Te Hoe River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south from its sources west of Lake Waikaremoana to reach the Mohaka River 20 kilometres north of Lake Tutira.
 Slocums River (sometimes seen as Slocum's River or Slocum River) is a 4.3-mile-long (6.9 km) tidal river in southeastern Massachusetts in the United States. The Paskamanset River and Slocums River really form just a single river but the freshwater portion kept its earlier Indian name while the salt-water portion is named for its English discoverer.The Slocums River flows through the town of Dartmouth to Buzzards Bay between Barneys Joy and Mishaum points.
 The Strait of Dover or Dover Strait (French: Pas de Calais [pɑdə kalɛ] literally Strait of Calais Dutch: Nauw van Calais [nʌu vɑn kaˈlɛ]) or Straat van Dover is the strait at the narrowest part of the English Channel marking the boundary between the Channel and North Sea separating Great Britain from continental Europe.
 The Rott is a 109 km long river in Bavaria Germany left tributary of the Inn. Its source is in the municipality Wurmsham in Lower Bavaria between Landshut and Waldkraiburg. It flows east through a rural area with small towns including Neumarkt-Sankt Veit Eggenfelden Pfarrkirchen and Pocking. It flows into the Inn opposite Schärding on the border with Austria.
 The Colțul Scris River is a headwater of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Argentina is an Italian river in the province of Imperia. Its source is near the French border. The river flows past Triora and flows south before emptying into the Ligurian Sea.
 Mount Mitchell (Aboriginal: Cooyinnirra) is a twin-peaked volcanic mountain with an elevation above sea level of 1168 metres (3832 ft) located in the Main Range is about 100 kilometres (62 mi) west of Brisbane Queensland Australia and immediately south of Cunninghams Gap.
 Jach'a Jawira (Aymara jach'a big great jawira river great river hispanicized spelling Jacha Jahuira Jachcha Jahuira) is a Bolivian river east of Lake Titicaca in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Batallas Municipality and in the Omasuyos Province Achacachi Municipality. It originates in the Cordillera Real near the mountains Janq'u Uyu and Wila Lluxita.At first the river flows in a south western direction connecting the lakes Janq'u Quta Quta Thiya Q'ara Quta and Wichhu Quta.
 Albro Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality in Nova Scotia Canada in the community of Dartmouth.
 Wilson Glacier is located on the east slopes of Mount Adams a stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is within the Yakama Indian Reservation. The glacier descends from approximately 10600 ft (3200 m) to a terminus near 7400 ft (2300 m). Wilson Glacier has been in a general state of retreat for over 100 years and lost 14 percent of its surface area between 1904 and 2006.
 Middle Fork Swan River is a tributary of the Swan RIver in Summit County Colorado. The stream flows west from a source in the Arapaho National Forest to a confluence with the South Fork Swan River that forms the Swan River.
 Schottmecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Palmbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Bezerra River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Lepșa River in Romania.
 Orjen (Cyrillic: Орјен pronounced [ɔ̂r̩jɛn]) is a Dinaric Mediterranean limestone mountain range in Montenegro-Bosnia and Herzegovina. At 1894 m (6225 ft) Zubački kabao is the highest peak in the subadriatic Dinarides. The massif of Orjen lies to the Northwest of Risan in Bay of Kotor (Boka Kotorska). From the town of Risan situated at the innermost protected part of the bay a well-engineered road at first metalled with many hairpin bends climbs to about 1600 m over to the interior.
 Don i tison (from Bafia: Town-hill) is the southernmost peak of a mountainous ridge west of Cameroonian city of Bafia. The nearest populated place is Gouife.In the figurative sense Don i Tison means populated peak. This comes probably from the fact that a German military base was located here from March 1911 to September 1912 during the Bafia campaign against surrounded populations Some ruins from this period still remain.
 The Poppenberg is a tree-covered mountain east of Ilfeld in the Harz mountains of Germany with a height of 601 metres. Since 1897 there has been a 33 metre high steel lattice observation tower on the summit. The tower was built by the Nordhausen branch of the Harz Club and was named after Otto Prince of Stolberg-Wernigerode. In good weather it has an extensive view over the South Harz the Goldene Aue and the Kyffhäuser.The Poppenberg is no.
 The Saline River also known as Saline Creek is a 202-mile-long (325 km) tributary of the Ouachita River in the south central portion of the U.S. state of Arkansas.The Saline River begins in the eastern foothills of the Ouachita Mountains in Saline and Garland counties and is one of the last free-flowing rivers in the Ouachita River Basin.
 Sunwapta Pass (2035 m/6677 ft) (2023 m/6637 ft) (2055 m/6742 ft) is a mountain pass in the Canadian Rockies in the province of Alberta. The pass marks the boundary between Banff and Jasper National Parks. The Icefields Parkway travels through Sunwapta Pass 108 km (67 mi) southeast of the town of Jasper and 122 km (76 mi) northwest of the Parkway's junction with the Trans-Canada Highway near Lake Louise. The pass is the second highest point on the Icefields Parkway.
 Arlau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Carrabassett River a tributary of the Kennebec River is located in Franklin County and Somerset County Maine in the United States. It rises near Sugarloaf Mountain east of Rangeley Lake and runs for 33.8 miles (54.4 km) flowing southeast past Kingfield and joining the Kennebec River in the town of Anson.
 The Ghimbășel River or Ghimbav River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of two headwaters: Pârâul Mare and Pârâul Mic.
 Netheli Aru is a river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in central Mullaitivu District before flowing north through Mullaitivu District and Kilinochchi District. The river empties into Chundikkulam Lagoon.
 The Buchenbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The South River is a 3.2-mile-long (5.1 km) tidal channel in McIntosh County Georgia in the United States. It connects the Darien River to its west with Doboy Sound an arm of the Atlantic Ocean to its east. It flows through an extensive saltmarsh complex with Queens Island to the north and Wolf Island to the south.
 Cichus is a lunar impact crater that lies in the southwestern part of the Moon at the eastern edge of Palus Epidemiarum. Just to the northeast and nearly contacting the rim is the lava-flooded crater remnant Weiss.The rim of this crater is only slightly worn although the crater Cichus C lies across the southwestern rim. Sections of the inner wall are terraced and the western side is somewhat wider than in the east. Several small ridges lie across the interior floor.
 Grindstone Lake is a large freshwater lake located in Dell Grove Township Pine County in east central Minnesota approximately 6.5 miles (10.5 km) west of Sandstone Minnesota. The lake is roughly oval shaped being approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) in length north to south and 0.5 miles (0.80 km) east to west and a maximum depth of 153 feet (47 m). The lake has several small streams that drain the area wetlands and is considered the headwater for the Grindstone River.
 Eselsbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Mreaja River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
 Rudawa is a small river in Lesser Poland Voivodeship Poland; a tributary of the Vistula river. Rudawa joins Vistula in Kraków near the district of Zwierzyniec. Through the city the flow of the river is controlled by artificial embankments. Rudawa is also one of the sources of drinking water in Kraków with the water intake located in Mydlniki.Every year at the mouth of Rudawa River there's a spring festival organized during Easter holidays.
 Janssen is an ancient impact crater located in the highland region near the southeastern lunar limb. The entire structure has been heavily worn and is marked by many lesser crater impacts. The outer wall is breached in multiple locations but the outline of the crater rim can still be observed.
 Bamba Dhura is a Himalayan mountain peak situated in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand India. With a summit altitude of 6334 metres (20781 ft) Bamba Dhura is situated on the north west ridge over the end of the Kalabaland Glacier in the eastern part of the district left of the Milam Glacier. Kalabaland Dhura (6105 m) is situated to the west of this peak and Chiring We (6559 m) is on the same massif. Bamba Dhura massif is the part of divide between Kalabaland and Lassar valley.
 Becquerel is a lunar crater that lies in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. This is an ancient and heavily worn formation that is now little more than an irregular depression in the surface. The outer rim has been worn and reshaped until it forms a rugged mountainous region around the flatter interior.The most notable of the formations on the rim is Becquerel X which is part of a double crater along the northwestern rim.
 The Rincon Mountains (O'odham: Cew Doʼag) are a significant mountain range east of Tucson Pima County Arizona in the United States. The Rincon Mountains are one of five mountain ranges surrounding the Tucson valley. The other ranges include the most prominent the Santa Catalina Mountains to the north the Santa Rita Mountains to the south the Tucson Mountains to the west and the Tortolita Mountains to the northwest.
 Kholodilnik Mountain (Russian: гора́ Холоди́льник or со́пка Холодильник; lit. Mt. Refrigerator) is a mountain in eastern Russia. It is located in Primorsky Krai and is in the highest peak within the city of Vladivostok.
 Morne Bois-Pin is the fourth highest mountain in Haiti. It is 2235 metres (7333 ft) above sea level. The three taller Haitian mountains are Pic la Selle Pic Macaya and Morne du Cibao.
 The Zărzag River is a tributary of the Şoimu River in Romania.
 Katraj Ghat is a mountain passage located between Pune and Satara in Maharashtra India. Katraj Ghat has a history of more than 400 years; it was been used during the time of Shivaji.
 Brunnthaler Quellbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Mallos de Riglos are a set of conglomerate rock formations in Hoya de Huesca comarca Aragon Spain. They are located near Riglos some 45 km (28 mi) to the northeast of the city of Huesca. Rising to some 300 metres (980 ft) high (c. 1000 metres or 3300 ft (1000 m) above sea level) they form part of the foothills of the Pyrenees.Because of their relatively vertical sides the Mallos de Riglos are a popular destination for climbers.
 Ben Lomond is a mountain located close to Queenstown New Zealand. It was named after Ben Lomond in Scotland by the early shepherd Duncan McAusland. The summit lies approximately 4 km northwest of the town centre and reaches a height of 1748 m (5735 ft).Connected to Ben Lomond is the large but slightly shorter Bowen Peak (1631 m) and Bob's Peaks while nearby is the dominant feature of Queenstown Hill.
 Mitta Mitta River a perennial river and a direct tributary of the Murray River within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the alpine district of Victoria Australia.The name Mitta Mitta derives from the Aboriginal word mida-modoenga meaning reeds called modunga.
 The Racu River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Richland Balsam is a mountain in the Great Balsam Mountains in the U.S. state of North Carolina. Rising to an elevation of 6410 feet (1950 m) it is the highest mountain in the Great Balsam range and is among the 20 highest summits in the Appalachian range. The Blue Ridge Parkway reaches an elevation of 6053 feet (1845 m)— the parkway's highest point— as it passes over Richland Balsam's southwestern slope.
 Lost Man Lake is an alpine lake in Pitkin County Colorado United States located high in the Sawatch Range in the Hunter-Fryingpan Wilderness of White River National Forest. The lake is accessible via the Lost Man Loop Trail from State Highway 82 west of Independence Pass. The lake is over a pass and north of Independence Lake and northeast of Geissler Mountain.
 Schobse is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Mount Benson is a mountain located on Vancouver Island British Columbia located 9 km (5.6 mi) west of Nanaimo. There was road access to the peak and it is popular with local hikers.
 Lake Five is a private fresh water lake in Kalkaska County Michigan United States.Lake Five has abundant water fauna including Largemouth Bass Bluegill Perch Painted TurtleSnapping Turtle. Lake Five also has abundant land fauna including Black Bear White-tailed Deer Garter Snake Midland Brown Snake (Storeria dekayi wrightorum) Red Fox Beaver Wild Turkey.
 Faxälven is a river in Sweden.
 The Spaarne is a river in North Holland Netherlands. This partially canalized river connects the Ringvaart to a side branch of the North Sea Canal. It runs through Haarlem Heemstede and Spaarndam.The historic canals of Haarlem's moats are connected to the Spaarne. A lock at Spaarndam separates it from the North Sea Canal.According to Sterck-Proot a historian the name Spaarne probably comes from Spier which means reed in old Dutch.
 The Jacarecica River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Solo River (alternatively Bengawan Solo River with Bengawan being an Old Javanese word for river) is the longest river in the Indonesian island of Java it is approximately 600 km in length. Apart from its importance as a watercourse to the inhabitants and farmlands of the eastern and northern parts of the island it is a renowned region in paleoanthropology circles.
 The Terdoppio is a river of Piedmont and Lombardy (northern Italy). It starts from the Piedmontese Prealps in the area between Lake Orta and Lake Maggiore and then crosses the province of Novara. Near Cerano it splits into two different streams: the first joins the Ticino River while the second flows through the Lomellina (province of Pavia) until it merges with the Po River.The Terdoppio is 86 km (53 mi) long with an average discharge of 3.7 m³/s and a drainage basin of c.
 Maramec Spring is located on the Meramec River near St. James in the east-central Ozarks of Missouri. The fifth largest spring in the state with an average daily discharge of 153 cubic feet (4.3 m3) of water per second it is part of an area known for its karst topography with many springs and caves. The spring and 1800 acres (7.3 km²) are privately owned by the James Foundation which maintains the area as a park open to the public.
 Galga is one of the right-hand side rivers of Zagyva in the Cserhát Great Hungarian Plain Hungary. It originates at Becske Nógrád County at the Hill Szandai. The end of the river is at Jászfényszaru where it flows into the Zagyva.Because of the major disasters caused by the river in the 1970s it became regulated by the Aszód-based GAVIT. It takes care about Galga and all of the streams flow into the river.
 The Crângași River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dulce River in Romania.
 The Eastern River is a 14.0-mile-long (22.5 km) tributary of the Kennebec River in Maine. It rises in East Pittston at the confluence of its west and east branches and flows southwest past Dresden Mills to its mouth at the Kennebec at the town boundary between Dresden and Perkins.
 The Thurra River is a perennial river with no defined major catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Pistol River is a coastal stream that meanders for 21 miles (34 km) through the Southern Oregon Coast Range to the Pacific Ocean near the unincorporated community of Pistol River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Flowing generally southwest from its origin near Sugarloaf Mountain in the Siskiyou National Forest the river enters the sea at Pistol River State Scenic Viewpoint 10 miles (16 km) south of Gold Beach.
 The Hātea River is a river of New Zealand. It flows from the north-east of Whangarei southwards and into the northern head of Whangarei Harbour. Its lower length forms the eastern boundary of the city. The banks along the lower reaches are parks and bushland with a series of metalled walks suitable for all weathers.At Whangarei Falls near Tikipunga the Hātea River drops 26 metres (85 ft) over a basalt lava flow.
 Lansberg is a lunar impact crater on the Mare Insularum. It can be located by following a line south-southwest from Copernicus to Reinhold then southwest to Lansberg. The crater has a high rim and a central mountain. There are terraces along the inner walls and the tops have slumped to produce a sharp edge.
 Mittelbühlgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Stellihorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located west of St. Niklaus in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Barrhorn on the range between the Turtmanntal and the Mattertal.The Stellihorn has two summits: the Inners Stellihorn (3410 m) and the Üssers Stellihorn (3405 m).
 Tsaneri is a valley glacier located on the southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti Region of Georgia. The glacier lies at and above the source the river Mulkhra. The length of the Tsaneri Glacier is 11.2 kilometres (7.0 mi) and its surface area is 28.8 km2 (11.1 sq mi). Tsaneri consists of two branches that feed off of the adjacent glaciers that are located on the slopes of Mt. Tikhtengeni Lalveri Tetnuldi and Gistola.
 Mount Suckling or Goropi is the highest peak of the Goropu Mountains part of the Owen Stanley Range in southeastern Papua New Guinea. It lies about 250 kilometres (160 mi) east of Port Moresby. Situated on a relatively narrow peninsula it lies only about 60 km (40 mi) from the sea to both the northeast (in the direction of Collingwood Bay) and the south.
 Strawberry Peak (6164 ft or 1879 m) is a prominent peak in the San Gabriel Mountains of Los Angeles County California. It is located about 10 miles (16 km) north of Pasadena and 28 miles (45 km) from Los Angeles along the Angeles Crest Highway. Strawberry Peak is the tallest of the front range peaks being three feet higher than nearby San Gabriel Peak. Both can be widely seen from greater Los Angeles and the San Gabriel Valley and are popular with hikers.
 Martinez Lake is a lake in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Arizona about 60 miles north of Yuma Arizona on the Lower Colorado River. Its area is about 300 to 500 acres (120 to 200 ha) depending upon where its boundary with the Colorado River is taken to be.[citation needed]
 The Sărvăzel River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
 Houghton's Pond is a spring-fed kettle hole pond in Milton Massachusetts south of Boston. Like many ponds and lakes in the United States it was formed by receding glaciers about 10000 years ago. By the standard definition of lakes being bodies of water larger than 20 acres (8.1 ha) the 24-acre (9.7 ha) pond is technically a lake.The pond is located within the Blue Hills Reservation and managed by the Massachusetts Department of Conservation and Recreation.
 Cardinal River is a short river in western Alberta Canada. It flows from the Canadian Rockies and empties into the Brazeau River itself a major tributary of the North Saskatchewan River.At its origin just east of Jasper National Park the Cardinal River forms in a basin between Tripoli Cheviot Prospect Climax and Blackface Mountains as well as Mount Cardinal in the Nikanassin Range. From there it flows east through the eastern slopes of the Canadian Rockies and into the foothills.
 El Portillo Reservoir is a reservoir in Castril province of Granada Andalusia Spain.
 The Narew River [ˈnarɛf] (Belarusian: Нараў) in western Belarus and north-eastern Poland is a right tributary of the Vistula river. The Narew is one of Europe's few braided rivers the term relating to the twisted channels resembling braided hair.
 Hocking Hills Reservoir locally nicknamed Rose Lake is located just outside of Old Man's Cave in the Hocking Hills region of Hocking County Ohio United States. It is a part of the Hocking Hills State Park.
 Watter (Twiste) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Ahr is a river in Germany a left tributary of the Rhine. Its source is at an elevation of approximately 470 metres above sea level in Blankenheim in the Eifel in the cellar of a timber-frame house near the castle of Blankenheim. After 18 kilometres it crosses from North Rhine-Westphalia into Rhineland-Palatinate.The Ahr flows through Ahr valley or Ahrtal passing through the towns of Schuld Altenahr and Bad Neuenahr-Ahrweiler.
 The Stânișoara River is a tributary of the Pârcălabul River in Romania.
 The Weißeritz is a river in Saxony. The 12 km short left tributary of the Elbe runs through Freital and Dresden. Its name is derived from west Slavic bystrica (wild water). The official name of the river used in documents and hydrographic maps is Vereinigte Weißeritz (United Weißeritz). The highest points of the Weißeritz watershed are at about 800 metres elevation.The river is formed by the confluence of the Wild Weißeritz and Red Weißeritz in Freital.
 Pelyša is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 19.3 kilometres and has a basin area of 109.2 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 Thunder Butte (Lakota: Wakíŋyaŋ Pahá) is a prominent butte landmark located in the northwest corner of Ziebach County South Dakota in the United States. Thunder Butte is a landform that can be seen for many miles in every direction and serves now (as it has in the past) as an important orientation point for area residents or a navigational aide for travelers crossing the surrounding plains.
 The Fleming River is a river of the eastern Catlins New Zealand. A tributary of the Tautuku River it rises west of Soaker Hill in the Maclennan Range and flows south-eastward through the Catlins Forest Park to join that river at Tautuku.
 Louhajang River (Bengali: লৌহজঙ্গ নদী) is located in central Bangladesh. It branches out from the Jamuna at Baisnabbari in Tangail District. Thereafter it splits into two parts before the parts meet up again. It flows past Tangail town Karotia and Jamurki before joining the Bangshi Louhajang is linked with the DhaleshwariThe average depth is 3 feet (0.91 m) and maximum depth is 9 feet (2.7 m).Until around the 80s launches and big boats carrying merchandise used to anchor at Tangail.
 The Chüealphorn is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking the Scaletta Pass in Graubünden Switzerland.
 The Little Requin River is a river of Grenada.
 Mount Huckle is a mainly ice-covered mountain 2500 metres (8200 ft) high near the northern end of the Douglas Range in eastern Alexander Island Antarctica. It rises 7 miles (11 km) south-southeast of Mount Spivey on the west side of Toynbee Glacier and is 9 miles (14 km) inland from George VI Sound.
 Fuller Street Pond is a 21-acre (85000 m2) pond in Carver and Middleborough Massachusetts. The pond gets its name from the name of the street along the pond's northern shore on the Carver side. The street name on the Middleborough side is Stone Street. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and non-native fish.
 The Sillaro river (Latin Silarus) is a 66 km-long Italian stream whose headwaters are by the village of Piancaldoli (Firenzuola Firenze) in Tuscany. It runs northeast through the city of Castel San Pietro Terme Province of Bologna in Emilia Romagna and ends as a tributary of the Reno River by the village of San Biagio di Argenta Province of Ferrara. Historically its course formed the boundary between Emilia and Romagna.
 Veslekjølen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Woterfitzsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 58.8 m its surface area is 2.9 km².
 Palomar Mountain is a mountain in the Peninsular Ranges in northern San Diego County. It is famous as the location of the Palomar Observatory and Hale Telescope and known for the Palomar Mountain State Park.
 The Mainart River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Glăvan River is a tributary of the Lozna River in Romania.
 Mirror Lake is a small seasonal lake located on Tenaya Creek in Yosemite National Park. Situated in Tenaya Canyon directly between North Dome and Half Dome it is the last remnant of a large glacial lake that once filled most of Yosemite Valley at the end of the last Ice Age and is close to disappearing due to sediment accumulation.
 The Coquille River is a stream 36.3 miles (58.4 km) long in southwestern Oregon in the United States. It drains a mountainous area of 1059 square miles (2740 km2) of the Southern Oregon Coast Range into the Pacific Ocean. Its watershed is located between that of the Coos River to the north and the Rogue River to the south.
 Surprise Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Surprise Lake is on .20 miles (0.32 km) east of Amphitheater Lake and can be accessed via a strenuous climb of just under 10 miles (16 km) round trip from the Lupine Meadows trailhead. The National Park Service has three backcountry campsites at Surprise Lake which are allocated by permit only.
 Harris Mountain is a peak in the Spring Mountains of southern Nevada. It is 29 miles (47 km) northwest of the Las Vegas Strip. It is in the Mount Charleston Wilderness.
 The Cerebuc River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb River in Romania.
 Del Toro Lake (Spanish: Lago del Toro) is a lake located in the Magallanes Region southern Chile. Also known as Lago del Toro or Lago Toro its etymology comes from the lake's ability to generate 4 m swells due to a long (~30 km) fetch and high winds aligned with the long axis of the lake. Locals say that the lake and the nearby mountain Sierra del Toro is named thus because the lake 'is angry a lot'.[citation needed] Services on the lake include camping and fishing at Bahia el Bote.
 The Mud Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County southern California.They are north of Barstow California and northwest of the Calico Mountains.The Mud Hills are located southwest of Lane Mountain southeast of Black Mountain and Opal Mountain northeast of Mount General and east of Water Valley.
 Mount Rausu (羅臼岳 Rausu-dake) is a stratovolcano on the Shiretoko Peninsula on Hokkaidō Japan. It sits on the border between the towns of Shari and Rausu. Mount Rausu is the northeastern most Holocene volcano on Hokkaidō. It is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan.Mount Rausu's opening festival is held annually on July 3. This day officially opens the climbing season.
 The Little Emory River rises in Morgan County Tennessee near the town of Coalfield. It is one of the major tributaries to the Emory River. It crosses into Roane County where it soon becomes an embayment of Watts Bar Lake several miles upstream of its mouth into the Emory. (Watts Bar Lake is a relatively deep reservoir and causes slack water conditions many miles up several Tennessee River tributaries not just the main stream.)
 Paulet Island is a circular island about 1.5 km (0.93 mi) in diameter lying 4.5 km (2.8 mi) south-east of Dundee Island off the north-eastern end of the Antarctic Peninsula. Because of its large penguin colony it is a popular destination for sightseeing tours.
 Coonowrin is one of the Glass House Mountains located in Queensland Australia located 19 km north of Caboolture or about one hour's drive north of Brisbane. It is easily distinguished because of its rocky formation at the top. It is also known by its unofficial name Crookneck.
 Lake Athabasca (/ˌæθəˈbæskə/; French: lac Athabasca; from Woods Cree: aðapaskāw [where] there are plants one after another) is located in the northwest corner of Saskatchewan and the northeast corner of Alberta between 58° and 60° N.
 Hodgson Lake is a perennially ice-covered freshwater lake which is about 2 km (1.2 mi) long by about 1.5 km (0.93 mi) wide. It is located within the southern part of Alexander Island west of Palmer Land in Antarctica at approximately 72°S latitude and 68°W longitude. This lake has a 93.4 m (306 ft) deep water column that lies sealed beneath a 3.6 to 4.0 m (12 to 13 ft) thick perennial lake ice. The lake is an ultra-oligotrophic lake with very low nutrient content and very low productivity.
 The Loch of Strathbeg (also known as Loch Strathbeg; historically Strathbeg Water; Water of Strathbeg; Rattray Water or Water of Rattray) is a designated Special Protection Area for wildlife conservation purposes. It is located near to Rattray and Crimond in Aberdeenshire Scotland.The loch is maintained by the RSPB and around the loch there are three hides from which visitors may watch the birds and other wildlife.
 Mount Michelson is a high peak in the Romanzof Mountains part of the Brooks Range of northern Alaska in the United States. It is located about 15 miles (24 km) east of the highest peak in the range Mount Chamberlin.The mountain was named by E. de K. Leffingwell between 1906 and 1914 for Professor Albert Abraham Michelson an American scientist.
 Groote Beek is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Schlappoltkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Mann Lakes are two lakes in Alberta. The more southerly Upper Mann Lake lies at 54°08′37″N 111°30′57″W and just north of it the more northerly Lower Mann Lake at 54°10′N 111°30′W.
 The Cerna River or Cerna Hunedoreană River or Cerna Ardeleană River ( Hungarian: Cserna-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name both in Romanian and Hungarian languages originates from a Slav language meaning black (water).
 Khalkhalio River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Bhabhat hills. Its basin has a maximum length of 50 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 405 square kilometres (156 sq mi).
 The Stanley River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows southeast from its sources in the Douglas and Anatoki Rangesreaching the Waingaro River 12 kilometres west of Upper Takaka.The small Lake Stanley has the Stanley River as both its inflow and outflow. The entire length of the Stanley river is within Kahurangi National Park.
 Mount Julian is a peak located at the southern end of Maligne Lake in Jasper National Park Canada.The mountain was named in 1928 by Leo Amery for his son JulianThe mountain was first climbed in 1930 by J.A. Corry C.G. CrawfordE.M. Gillespie J. McAuley M. Percy R. Rushworth G. Shanger and I. Vanderberg.
 Humme is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Roaring Mountain (8152 feet (2485 m)) is in Yellowstone National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Roaring Mountain was named for the numerous fumaroles on the western slope of the peak which during the early 1900s were loud enough to be heard for several miles. Roaring Mountain is 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Norris Geyser Basin and south of Obsidian Cliff and is easily seen from park roads.
 Upper Curtis Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the west slopes of Mount Shuksan. Upper Curtis Glacier is not connnected to Lower Curtis Glacier downslope to the southwest but is to Hanging Glacier to the north and to Sulphide Glacier to the east.
 The Moeciul Rece River is a headwater of the Turcu River in Romania.
 The River Tees (/tiːz/) is in northern England. It rises on the eastern slope of Cross Fell in the North Pennines and flows eastwards for 85 miles (137 km) to reach the North Sea between Hartlepool and Redcar near Middlesbrough.
 The Aterno-Pescara (ancient Aternus from the Greek Aternos Άτερνος) is a river system in Abruzzo eastern Italy. The river is known as the Aterno near its source in the mountains but takes the name Pescara actually a tributary nearer the city of Pescara and the Adriatic sea.Having the greatest discharge basin of the rivers flowing into the Adriatic Sea south of the Reno the Aterno has its origin in the Monti della Laga near Montereale.
 The Addaura cave (Italian: Grotta dell'Addaura) is a complex of three natural grottoes located on the northeast side of Mount Pellegrino in Palermo Sicily southern Italy.
 The Black Hills (Pahá Sápa in Lakota Moʼȯhta-voʼhonáaeva in Cheyenne awaxaawi shiibisha in Hidatsa) are a small isolated mountain range rising from the Great Plains of North America in western South Dakota and extending into Wyoming USA. Harney Peak which rises to 7244 feet (2208 m) is the range's highest summit. The Black Hills encompass the Black Hills National Forest. The name Black Hills is a translation of the Lakota Pahá Sápa.
 Punta Scais is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Izhma (Russian: И́жма) is a river in the Komi Republic of Russia. It is a left tributary of the Pechora River. It is 531 km long with a drainage basin of 31000 km². 154 km from its mouth it has an average discharge of 203 m³/s. The river freezes over in November and stays icebound until the spring thaw starts in May.Main tributaries are the Ukhta Ayuva and Sebys Rivers.The Izhma has its sources in the Timan Ridge.
 see Santa Rosa Mountains for other usagesThe Santa Rosa Range is a line of mountains in northern Nevada in the western United States. The range extends for approximately 75 miles (120 km) north from Winnemucca Mountain near Winnemucca through eastern Humboldt County to the border with Oregon. The highest peaks in the range are Granite Peak (9732 feet 2966 m) and Santa Rosa Peak (9701 feet 2957 m).
 The Valea Comenzii River is a headwater of the Sădurel River in Romania.
 Titterstone Clee Hill sometimes referred to as Titterstone Clee or incorrectly Clee Hill (which is the lower hill to the southeast) is a prominent hill in the rural English county of Shropshire rising at the summit to 533 metres (1749 ft) above sea level.It is one of the Clee Hills in the Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The nearest town to the hill is Ludlow and it can be seen from parts of the town.
 Maxwell is a crater on the far side of the Moon named after the physicist James C. Maxwell. It lies in the southwestern part of the larger crater Richardson. The southern part of Maxwell is overlain in turn by the partly flooded Lomonosov.
 The Hălmăgel River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 The Little Salmon River is a tributary of the Salmon River in the U.S. state of Idaho. The river is some 51 miles (82 km) long and drains 576 square miles (1490 km2) of land.
 The Olona (Ulona Urona or Uòna in Western Lombard) is an Italian river 71 kilometres (44 mi) long that runs through the provinces of Varese Milan and Pavia.The Olona has more than one source; in fact it has six main springs.
 Moose Mountain (elev. 2437 metres (7995 ft)) is a mountain located 19 kilometres (12 mi) west of Bragg Creek Alberta in Kananaskis Country. The peak is a popular hiking objective for many within this area. This is due to the relatively easy maintained trail that makes its way to the summit and its close proximately to the major urban area of Calgary. It is not uncommon for a dozen or more people to reach the summit on weekends within the summer months.
 The Lake of Menteith (Scottish Gaelic Loch Innis Mo Cholmaig) is a loch in Scotland located on the Carse of Stirling the flood plain of the upper reaches of the rivers Forth and Teith upstream of Stirling. Until the early 19th century the more usual Scottish name of Loch of Menteith was used. On the Blaeu Atlas of Scotland 1654 it is named as Loch Inche mahumo.
 Chinese Wall at 11238 feet (3425 m) above sea level is a cliff and peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 0.53 mi (0.85 km) north of Calkens Peak its line parent.
 The Dwarka River (also called Babla) is a tributary of Bhagirathi.The Dwaraka originates in Santhal Parganas in Jharkhand and then flows through Mayureswar and Rampurhat police station areas of Birbhum district. It finally flows through Murshidabad district where it joins the Bhagirathi.Though a moderate river it has several names and many small tributaries and estuaries. Its many backwaters and side channels also connect it with the Bhagirathi.
 Saheki Crater is a crater in the Iapygia quadrangle of Mars located at 21.75° S and 286.97° W. It is 85 km in diameter and was named after Tsuneo Saheki a Japanese amateur astronomer (1916–1996). The crater contains a number of alluvial fans which are preserved in inverted relief.
 The Paranapanema River (Portuguese Rio Paranapanema) is one of the most important rivers of the interior of the Brazilian state of São Paulo. The river forms most of the boundary between the states of São Paulo and Paraná.From source to mouth the Paranapanema River has an elevation drop of 677 metres (2221 ft). The river's length is about 929 kilometres (577 mi).
 Totten is a mountain located in the Hemsedal municipality in Norway. It is a part of Hemsedal Top 20. Some of the hike to the peak can be done by travelling with one of Hemsedal's many ski lifts.
 The Pârâul Popii is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
 Seebuck is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Paka is a shield volcano located in the Great Rift Valley Kenya. Geothermal activity is widespread at Paka. Paka means catin Swahilli.
 Beinn Shiantaidh (Gaelic: holy mountain) is the second highest peak of the Paps of Jura on the island of Jura Scotland. It stands at 757 metres above sea level and with over 300 metres of relative height is therefore a Graham.
 Guatemala faces substantial resource and institutional challenges in successfully managing its national water resources. Deforestation is increasing as the global demand for timber exerts pressure on the forests of Guatemala. Soil erosion runoff and sedimentation of surface water is a result of deforestation from development of urban centers agriculture needs and conflicting land and water use planning.
 Lake Nakatsuna (中綱湖 Nakatsuna-ko) is a lake in Nagano Prefecture Japan. It is one of the Nishina Three Lakes (Lake Aoki Lake Nakatsuna and Lake Kizaki). Its sediments have been studied in an effort to better understand climate change in Japan finding evidence of the Medieval Warm Period and Little Ice Age.
 Billy is a lunar crater that is located at the southern fringes of the Oceanus Procellarum in the western hemisphere of the Moon. It lies to the southeast of the similar-sized crater Hansteen and west-southwest of the flooded Letronne.The interior floor of Billy has been flooded by basaltic lava leaving a dark surface due to the low albedo. The portion of the rim remaining above the surface is narrow and low with a thin inner wall.
 The Blidul River is a tributary of the Urlătoarea River in Romania.
 Healy Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island that is an expansion of South Englishman River.
 Morrison Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada. There is also a Wetland Conservation Reserve located on the west of the lake. It is a rather large lake with a number of islands within amongst these is Mile Island Sims Island Bell Island and Grainger Island.
 An Teallach is a mountain in Scotland. It lies to the southwest of Dundonnell and overlooks Little Loch Broom in an area often nicknamed the great wilderness. An Teallach means 'The Anvil' or 'The Forge' in Scottish Gaelic; although most scholars claim the latter is most correct as the mountain's name refers more to the colour of the terrain in certain lighting conditions rather than shape.The mountain is mostly made of Torridonian sandstone.
 Lake Lucerne is located near Crandon in Forest County Wisconsin United States. There is a boat landing on the southeast shore of the lake and a restaurant (Waters Edge) on the west shore. This restaurant performs a water ski show during the summer months. Summer homes and cottages surround the lake. There is a large uninterrupted stretch of water on the north half of the lake.
 The Lostun River or Lăstun River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
 The Furnia River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania. Its source is located in the Peștera Păstrăvăriei.
 The Bogdana River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 Mons Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1920 after the town of Mons in Belgium.
 Monte Chiadenis (Friulian: Cjadenis) is a peak in the Carnic Alps northern Italy located between the comuni of Sappada and Forni Avoltri. It has an altitude of 2459 m (8068 ft).During World War I (1915–1917) it was the seat of fierce fightings between Italian alpini and Austrian Kaiserjäger.In Friulian language cjadenis means chains.
 Lake Neale is a salt lake in the southwest corner of the Northern Territory of Australia. It is on the north-western side of Lake Amadeus. The two lakes form part of a chain of salt lakes that stretches about 500 km (310 mi) from Lake Hopkins in the west to the Finke River in the east. This drainage basin is known as the Amadeus Basin. The lake is usually a dry salt plain and only holds water for short periods after heavy rainfall.
 Lake Bruin is an ox-bow lake of the Mississippi River located in Tensas Parish in northeastern Louisiana. It consists of some 3000 acres (12 km2) of unusually clear water particularly suited for swimming boating and fishing. Part of the lake is owned by the state which operates Lake Bruin State Park one of nineteen Louisiana state parks.
 Fontana is a lunar crater that is located in the southwestern part of the Moon's near side to the south of the Oceanus Procellarum. It lies to the west-northwest of the flooded crater Zupus. Midway between Fontana and Zupus is a rille system designated Rimae Zupus.This is a low-rimmed crater with an interior floor that is marked only by several small craterlets and a few low ridges in the southwest. The rim is narrow and roughly circular with an outward bulge at the northern end.
 The Sărata-Monteoru River is a tributary of the Sărata River in Romania.
 Kellogg Creek is a tributary about 4.5 miles (7.2 km) long of the Willamette River in the Portland metropolitan area of the U.S. state of Oregon. It begins near Lake Lenore in Johnson City and flows northwest to meet the river at Milwaukie.
 Mount Darrah is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1916 after Darrah Captain.
 Chelif River (Arabic: وادي الشلف‎ Wadi ash-Shalif) (also spelled Cheliff) is a 700 km long river in Algeria and also the longest one in the country. It rises from Saharan Atlas flows through Tell Atlas and empties into Mediterranean Sea north of the city of Mustaghanam at about 36.0377778°N 0.1313889°E﻿ / 36.0377778; 0.1313889. Water level in the river often fluctuates. The river is being used for irrigation (mainly on its lower course).
 Càrn nan Gobhar is a mountain situated on the northern side of Glen Strathfarrar in Scotland. It stands some 40 kilometres west of the city of Inverness.It is usually climbed along with the neighbouring Munros of Sgurr a' Choire Ghlais and Sgurr na Ruaidhe.Somewhat confusingly there is another Càrn nan Gobhar also a Munro with exactly the same height situated 14 kilometres to the south west on the opposite side of Glen Strathfarrar.
 Grabenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mount McNicoll is a mountain in the northern Selkirks in Glacier National Park located southeast of Mount Pearce. It is the fifth highest peak in its range. It is on the Columbia River drainage. Mount McNicoll is named for David McNicoll (1852–1916) the general manager director and vice-president of the Canadian Pacific Railway.
 Wartberg (Stuttgart) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Seodaesan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 904 metres.
 Akwibong is a mountain in the county of Goesan Chungcheongbuk-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 940 metres (3084 ft).
 The North Aral Sea (Russian: Малое Аральское море Kazakh: Солтүстік Арал теңізі) is the portion of the former Aral Sea that is fed by the Syr Darya River. It split from the South Aral Sea in 1986 as water levels dropped due to river diversion for agriculture. The poorly built Dike Kokaral intended to contain the North Aral Sea and save its fisheries failed twice but in 2005 the government of Kazakhstan was able to fund a more robust design.
 Pic Gaspard (3883 m) is a mountain in the French Alps one of the tallest in the Massif des Écrins. It was named in honor of the celebrated L'Oisans guide Pierre Gaspard conqueror of La Meije on 16 August 1877 in the company of Emmanuel Boileau de Castelnau.Pic Gaspard was climbed for the first time in 1878 by Henry Duhamel along with Pierre Gaspard and his eldest son and Christophe Roderon by a route that has become the normal one.
 Europe Lake is a lake near Gills Rock in Door County Wisconsin. It is the northeastern most lake in Wisconsin. The lake is mainly a shallow lowland marsh similar to nearby Kangaroo Lake. It is suspected that the lake was once part of Lake Michigan until a drop in Lake Michigan's water levels closed off the bay and made it a lake.
 The Pârâul Căruței is a tributary of the Şugău River in Romania.
 The Grid River is a tributary of the Părău River in Romania.
 Stausee Gibidum (Gibidum reservoir or Stausee Gebidem) is a reservoir in the canton of Valais Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.21 km² shared by the municipalities of Naters and Riederalp.The construction of Gebidem dam was started in 1964 and completed by 1967. The arch dam has an elevation of 122 m and a crest length of 327 m.It is not to be confused with Gebidumsee (or Gibidumsee) a natural lake.
 Barumun River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia. Tributaries include the Bila River. The source of this river is located in North Padang Lawas Regency as the river flow northward through South and North Labuhan Batu Regency befor its mouth reaches Sumatra east coast with its estuary in Malacca Strait.
 The Sawtooth Mountains are a mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges system located in eastern San Diego County California.The Sawtooth Mountains are within the western Colorado Desert southwest of Anza-Borrego Desert State Park and the Tierra Blanca Mountains. The Jacumba Mountains lie to the southeast.The Sawtooth Mountains Wilderness is located within the range.
 Piz Medel is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. At 3210 metres (10531 ft) above sea level it is the highest summit on the chain between Lukmanier Pass (1915 metres) and Crap la Crusch (2268 metres).
 The Shoshone Range is a mountain range in Lander County Nevada. The northeast end of the range extends into Eureka County at Shoshone Point on the Humboldt River.
 Kessel is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Jabiberi River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Kanektok River is a 75-mile (121 km) stream in southwestern Alaska in the United States. Beginning in the Ahklun Mountains at Kagati and Pegati lakes it flows westward into Kuskokwim Bay on the Bering Sea at the city of Quinhagak. Almost all of the river's course lies within the Togiak National Wildlife Refuge. The Quinhagak Village Corporation owns the land bordering the lowermost 17 miles (27 km) of the river.
 The Cape au Moine (2352 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located between L'Etivaz and Les Diablerets in the canton of Vaud. It lies east of La Para.
 McArthur Lake is located in Northern Ontario about 40 km south of the city of Timmins. It is located about 10 km south southeast of Papakomeka Lake. The lake consists of 13 islands three main peninsulas and three main bays. The lake lies in Timiskaming District. Over 20 camps and cottages are built on the west side of McArthur Lake. Popular sports here include fishing for pickerel (walleye) and Northern pike as well as kayaking or boating.
 Marmion Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Lough Gowna (from Irish Loch Gamhna meaning calf lake) is a fresh water lake which is the uppermost lake on the River Erne. It is located on the border between County Longford and County Cavan with the largest part of the lake being in County Longford.Lough Gowna is a moraine-dammed lake formed at the end of the last glaciation and owes its complex indented shape to the underlying drumlin landscape.
 Beinn Tarsuinn is a mountain on the Isle of Arran Scotland. It is the southernmost of the four Corbetts on the island lying between Glen Rosa to the east and Glen Iorsa to the west.Beinn Tarsuinn is often climbed in conjunction with the neighbouring peak of Cìr Mhòr to which it is linked by a rocky ridge forming the subsidiary top of A' Chìr.
 The Indaiá River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Isandlwana (Zulu: [ísanˈdɮwáːna]) (older spelling Isandhlwana also sometimes seen as Isandula) is an isolated hill in the KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa. It is located 105 miles (169 km) north by northwest of Durban.
 Loch Fleet (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Fleòid) is a sea loch on the east coast of Scotland located between Golspie and Dornoch. It forms the estuary of the River Fleet a small spate river that rises in the hills east of Lairg.
 Forsvatnet (Lule Sami: Gårttjejávrre) is a lake that lies on the border of the municipalities of Sørfold and Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. The 13.63-square-kilometre (5.26 sq mi) lake lies about 20 kilometres (12 mi) southeast of the village of Mørsvikbotn.
 Serra del Montsià (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsɛrə ðəɫ munsiˈa] locally: [ˈsɛra ðeɫ monsiˈa]) is a 14.5 km long mountain range in Catalonia. It gives its name to the Montsià the southernmost comarca (county) of Catalonia. Its highest point is 764 m high La Torreta.The Serra del Montsià stretches in a NE - SW direction and lies south of the Ebre river its northern limit. Relatively high and located right by the Mediterranean coastline it is an important landmark in the region.
 Harpalus is a young lunar impact crater that lies on the Mare Frigoris at the eastern edge of the Sinus Roris. To the southeast at the edge of the mare is the small crater Foucault and to the northwest on the opposite edge is the walled plain named South.The rim of Harpalus is sharp-edged with little sign of wear or erosion. It is surrounded by an outer rampart of ejecta most notably towards the north and is at the center of a small ray system.
 Schiaparelli is an impact crater on Mars named after Giovanni Schiaparelli located near Mars' equator. It is 461 kilometers (286 mi) in diameter and located at latitude 3° South and longitude 344°. A crater within Schiaparelli shows many layers that may have formed by the wind volcanoes or deposition under water.Layers can be a few meters thick or tens of meters thick.
 Broglen River is a 12.3-mile-long (19.8 km) river in Cullman County Alabama. Broglen River originates at 34.14482°N 86.76860°W﻿ / 34.14482; -86.76860 near Hanceville and discharges into the Mulberry Fork River at 34.06204°N 86.69610°W﻿ / 34.06204; -86.69610 near Chamblees Mill.
 The Hamersley River is an ephemeral river in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise east of Fitzgerald and just north of the South Coast Highway on an undulating sandplain on the edge of the Yilgarn plateau and flows in a south easterly direction.
 The Cape Neddick River is a 3.7-mile-long (6.0 km) river in the town of York in southern Maine. It rises at the outlet of Chases Pond and flows east to the Atlantic Ocean reaching its mouth at Cape Neddick Harbor near the village of Cape Neddick.
 The Pârâul Morii is a tributary of the Racovița River in Romania.
 The Pader is a river in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany left tributary of the Lippe. It runs through the city of Paderborn which it gave its name. Although fairly wide it is only 4 km in length which makes it the shortest river of Germany.
 The Oravița River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Kondratyuk is a worn crater on the Moon's far side. It is located to the west-northwest of the large walled plain Fermi and to the northeast of the crater Hilbert. To the north-northwest is Meitner and to the northeast lies Langemak.This is an eroded crater formation with a rim that has been partly damaged by subsequent impacts. The small sharp-rimmed satellite crater Kondratyuk A lies on the interior floor along the northeast inner wall. In the southwest part of the floor is Kondratyuk Q.
 The Valea Seacă a Caraimanului River is a tributary of the Valea Albă River in Romania.
 Phocylides is a lunar crater located near the southwest rim of the Moon. It overlays the south rim of the crater Nasmyth to the north. To the northwest is the unusual plateau formation of Wargentin. Eastward is the merged formation Schiller and in the southwest lies Pingré.The outer wall of Phocylides is worn and eroded especially along the western edge. The northern edge of the rim is notched and irregular with a rise of ground joining the south rim of Wargentin.
 Onyx Summit is a mountain pass located in the San Bernardino Mountains in the southwestern part of San Bernardino County California USA. At an elevation of 8443 ft. (2573 m) it is the highest highway pass in Southern California. California State Route 38 traverses it at postmile 39.37 in the eastern part of San Bernardino National Forest.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Şcheiu River upstream of the city of Braşov Romania.
 Dipor Bil also spelt Deepor Beel (Pron: dɪpɔ:(r) bɪl) (Assamese: দীপৰ বিল) (Bil or Beel means lake in the local Assamese language) is located to the south-west of Guwahati city in Kamrup district of Assam IndiaIt is a permanent freshwater lake in a former channel of the Brahmaputra River to the south of the main river.
 The Băbeni River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 The Valea Găuriciu River or Găuriciu River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Penrose Peak is a mountain in the Bighorn Mountains of the Rocky Mountains in Wyoming United States. Like Mount Penrose in British Columbia Canada it was named for Senator Boies Penrose of Pennsylvania who was an avid outdoorsman and went on hunting expeditions in this area.
 The Plateau Rosa is a glacier situated in the Pennine Alps in the Valais canton of Switzerland just across the border with the Aosta Valley Italy. Its name derives from the French word plateau and the Valdôtain patois term Rosà meaning frozen.The glacier includes peaks such as the Klein Matterhorn (3883 m) and Testa Grigia (3480 m). Plateau Rosa is renowned for its sporting facilities.
 The Little Thompson River is a tributary of the Big Thompson River and thence the South Platte River in the U.S. state of Colorado.The river's headwaters lie in the Roosevelt National Forest. It flows east through the foothills of the Rocky Mountains in Larimer County through the town of Berthoud Colorado between Longmont to the south and Loveland to the north.
 Dudley Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Dudley Lake is .80 miles (1.29 km) north of Bivouac Peak and near the north and south forks of Snowshoe Canyon.
 Uzon (Russian: Узон) is a 9 by 12 km volcanic caldera located in the eastern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. Together with the Geyzernaya caldera it hosts the largest geothermal field in the Kamchatka Peninsula. The calderas were formed in the mid-Pleistocene in several large eruptions that deposited 20–25 km3 of ignimbrite over a wide area.
 Brebowbach is a creek in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Artem'ev is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. The rim of this crater has been modified by subsequent impacts in the vicinity with an inward bulge along the southwest edge and a worn impact lying across the north rim. The satellite crater Artem'ev G is partly overlain by the southeast rim of Artem'ev. The crater interior is relatively flat and marked only by tiny craterlets.The crater Tsander lies to the southwest of Artem'ev.
 The Spanggur Tso (lake) also called Maindung Co or Mandong Cuo (Chinese: 曼冬错) is a saltwater lake in western Tibet Autonomous Region China. To the west of the lake lies the Spanggur Gap and to the north is the Pangong Tso. The lake is at an elevation of 4305 meters and has an area of 61.6 square kilometers. The lake's average annual temperature is around -4 to -2 ℃ and the annual precipitation is 50 to 75 mm.
 The Sagradouro Grande River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Almåsgrønningen is a lake in the municipality of Høylandet in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake lies about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northwest of the village of Høylandet between the lakes Øyvatnet and Storgrønningen.
 Borg Massif is a spectacular mountain massif about 30 miles (48 km) long and with summits above 2700 metres (8900 ft) situated along the northwest side of the Penck Trough in Queen Maud Land East Antarctica. The tallest peak at 2727 metres (8947 ft) is Hogsaetet Mountain.
 Monte Carmo is a mountain in the Ligurian Apennine northern Italy located at the boundary between the three regions of Liguria Piedmont and Emilia-Romagna. With an altitude of 1641 metres (5384 ft) it is part of the Monte Antola Group. Nearby are the Val Borbera Val Trebbia Val Boreca and Valle Terenzone valleys.
 Reesor Lake is a lake in Cypress Hills Provincial Park in Alberta.
 The Kremenchuk Reservoir (Ukrainian: Кременчуцьке водосховище Kremenchuts’ke Vodoskhovyshche) is the largest water reservoir located on the Dnieper River. Named for the city of Kremenchuk it covers a total area of 2250 square kilometres in the territories of the Poltava Cherkasy and Kirovohrad Oblasts in central Ukraine. The reservoir was created in 1959 when the Kremenchuk Hydroelectric Power Plant was built.The reservoir is 149 km long 28 km wide and has an average depth of six meters.
 Garrity Creek is a 3.0-mile-long (4.8 km) creek in Richmond California's Hilltop neighborhood. It runs into San Pablo Bay. It is sometimes called Hilltop Creek.The creek is supported by two natural springs from two short sources which join into Garrity Creek. These sources may be threatened by potential development which is opposed by residents neighborhood associations the organization Friends of Garrity Creek and environmentalists which want the land to become a park.
 The Paulina Mountains are a mountain range in Deschutes County Oregon.
 Corralitos Creek is a 14.1-mile-long (22.7 km) southward-flowing stream originating on western slop of the Santa Cruz Mountains in Santa Cruz County California United States. It courses through the historic cities of Corralitos and Freedom and touches the northernmost part of Watsonville before joining Salsipuedes Creek. Salsipuedes Creek is the lowermost tributary of the Pajaro River which carries its waters to Monterey Bay and the Pacific Ocean.
 Telegrafenberg is a hill in Brandenburg Germany.The name derives from an optical telegraph the was built in 1832 on the top of the hill as part of the Prussian semaphore system between Berlin and Koblenz. The optical telegraph line was discontinued with the introduction of the electric telegraph line in 1852. In 1874 the first observatory was built on the hill. Over the years the site developed in a main center for astronomy physics and geosciences.
 The Meu (French: le Meu) is an 84.8 km (52.7 mi) long river in the Côtes-d'Armor and Ille-et-Vilaine départements north western France. Its source is at Saint-Vran 2.4 km (1.5 mi) west of the village. It flows generally southeast. It is a right tributaryof the Vilaine into which it flows at Goven 5.7 km (3.5 mi) northeast of the village.
 The Săcrieș River (Hungarian: Szekrényes) is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania.
 The Dornoch Firth (Scottish Gaelic: Caolas Dhòrnaich pronounced [kɯːl̪ˠəs̪ ɣɔːrˠn̪ˠɪç]) is a firth on the east coast of Highland in northern Scotland. It forms part of the boundary between Ross and Cromarty to the south and Sutherland to the north.Together with Loch Fleet it is a designated as a Special Protection Area (SPA) for wildlife conservation purposes.
 The Suha Mică River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Aniniș River is a tributary of the Bâsca Roziliei River in Romania.
 Fjellsjøkampen is a top in Hurdal Akershus Norway. It is the highest point in Akershus.
 Pelly Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in the Gulf of Boothia. To the east it is bounded by the Simpson Peninsula. Helen Island lies in the bay.The settlement of Kugaaruk is located on the bay's eastern shore. Until 1999 Kugaaruk was also known as Pelly Bay.
 Chicamocha River is a river of northern Colombia. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.Chicamocha River is one of the largest rivers in the central-eastern Colombia. It originates in the municipality of Tuta in Boyaca department which then forms the barrel of Chicamocha Santander department enters and joins with the river and the river Suarez Fonce to form finally the river SogamosoDiario El Tiempo Colombia.
 The Sutton Range is a mountain range on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located in the area between the headwaters of the Nimpkish River and those of the White River. It has an area of 448 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Cypress Lake is a 2-acre (0.8 ha) swamp-like lake in the heart of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette campus that started as a buffalo wallow. Today it is a unique university landmark that is a habitat for native irises alligators turtles birds and fish as well as a hangout for students and a point of interest for tourists visiting Lafayette Louisiana.
 Strabo is a lunar crater that is located near the northeastern rim of the Moon. At this angle the crater appears oval in shape due to foreshortening. It is attached to the north rim of the walled plain De La Rue. To the west is the smaller crater Thales. To the north is a chain of three comparably sized craters designated Strabo L Strabo B and Strabo N.The inner rim of Strabo is terraced with a small crater lying across the eastern wall.
 The Carioca River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil. It runs largely in culvert from the Tijuca forest through the city of Rio de Janeiro to Flamengo Beach on Guanabara bay.
 The Formoso River (Tocantins) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Șugaș River is a tributary of the Arcuș River in Romania.
 Beinn a’ Chuallaich is a Scottish hill four km NE of the village of Kinloch Rannoch in the Perth and Kinross council area. It is part of the high ground between Strath Tummel and Glen Errochty.
 The Afon Crawnon is a river in the Brecon Beacons National Park in the county of Powys south Wales. The headwaters rise on the hills north of Trefil and flow northeast down a valley known as Dyffryn Crawnon for 7km to a confluence with the River Usk just west of Llangynidr.
 Stauffersberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Pusta River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Crâșma River or Topila River.
 Pizzo Pesciora (or Poncione di Pesciora) is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Ticino. It lies north of Bedretto on the ridge between the Witenwasserenstock and Pizzo Rotondo.
 Martín Gonzalo Reservoir is a reservoir in Montoro province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain.
 Store Skagastølstind (also known as Storen) is the third highest peak in Norway. It is situated on the border between the municipality of Luster and Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The 2405-metre (7890 ft) mountain is part of the Hurrungane range.
 Darwin is a lunar crater of the type categorised as a walled plain. It lies in the southeastern part of the Moon and is sufficiently close to the limb to appear significantly foreshortened when viewed from the Earth. Attached to its southern rim is Lamarck. To the northeast is the dark-floored crater Crüger.The outer rim of this formation has been significantly disintegrated by the nearby impacts. The southern and northern parts of the rim in particular are all but destroyed.
 The Dent du Géant (It.: Dente del Gigante giant's tooth) (4013 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in France and Italy.The Dent du Géant remained unclimbed during the golden age of alpinism and was a much-coveted peak in the 1870s repelling many parties who attempted it mostly from the Rochefort ridge. In 1880 the strong team of Albert F.
 Streets Run is a 5.2-mile-long (8.4 km) tributary of the Monongahela River in Allegheny County Pennsylvania. This urban stream drains portions of the communities of Pittsburgh Baldwin Brentwood West Mifflin and Whitehall an area of about ten square miles.
 Taylor Glacier is a small cirque glacier in Rocky Mountain National Park in the U.S. state of Colorado. Taylor Glacier is on the east side of the Continental Divide and adjacent to Taylor Peak. Taylor Glacier is both an ice and a rock glacier with the lower portions of the glacier being composed primarily of rock debris and a small portion of ice.
 Koombooloomba Dam is located 39 km south south east of Ravenshoe. The dam was constructed in 1960 on the Tully River system for hydroelectric power generation. It has a surface area of 1550 hectares has an average depth of 12.9 metres and holds some 200 700 mega-litres.Koombooloomba Hydro Power Station is a dam release point situated on Koombooloomba Dam. The power station was commissioned in 1999.
 Kopff is a lunar crater that lies along the eastern edge of the inner Mare Orientale impact basin on the western limb of the Moon. In this position the crater is seen from on edge from the Earth and its visibility is affected by libration.
 The Y River (Russian: река Ы) is a river in the north of Russia. It flows on the territory of Arkhangelsk Oblast and the Komi Republic roughly east from its source in Verkhnetoyemsky District.The Y falls into the Vashka River.
 Gabrielse Cone is a remarkably fresh clearly postglacial monogenetic cinder cone located in the Tuya Volcanic Field in British Columbia Canada. It is about 400 m (1312 ft) in diameter and has a central crater about 30 m (98 ft) deep. It is Holocene in age and to its northeast appears to be breached with the remnants of a lava flow. The cone is near the headwaters of Iverson Creek.Gabrielse Cone was named after Hu Gabrielse who first identified the cone.
 Ringrose Peak is a mountain in Alberta and British Columbia Canada.It is located on the Continental Divide on the border of Banff and Yoho National Parks and is part of the Bow Range of the Banff-Lake Louise Core Area in the Canadian Rockies.The peak was named in 1894 after A.E.L. Ringrose by Samuel Allen because previously Allen had met Ringrose who was from London in England while he was visiting the Rockies.
 The Santa Clara River is approximately 83 miles (134 km) long located in southern California in the United States. It drains an area of the coastal mountains north of Los Angeles. The Santa Clara is one of the largest river systems along the coast of Southern California and one of only a few remaining river systems in the region that remain in their natural states and not channelized by concrete. The northern basin of this river was home to most of the Tataviam people.
 Qullpa Jawira (Aymara qullpa saltpeter mayu river saltpeter river hispanicized spelling Kollpa Jahuira) is a Bolivian river west of Poopó Lake and north of Coipasa Lake in the Oruro Department. It flows through the Escara Municipality in the Litoral Province and the Corque Municipality in the Carangas Province.
 Manambaho is a river in Melaky western Madagascar.It flows down from central Madagascar into the Mozambique Channel and the Indian Ocean. It empties south of Tambohorano and north of Maintirano.
 Harney Lake is a shallow alkali lake basin located in southeast Oregon United States approximately 30 miles (48 km) south of the city of Burns. The lake lies within the boundary of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge and is the lowest point in the Blitzen Valley drainage.
 The Halifax Range is a small mountain range on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada adjacent to Johnstone Strait between Amor de Cosmos Creek and Pye Creek. It consists of hills and has an area of 51 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 The Azuga River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Lake Moro is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.
 Fig Tree Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It is located on the eastern cliffs of the Rock of Gibraltar not far from Martin's Cave within the Upper Rock Nature Reserve.
 Wilson Bay is a waterway in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in northwestern Hudson Bay west of Whale Bay and north of Mistake Bay. It has numerous shoals some of which are dry.
 The Anne River is a steep continuous river with an average gradient of 24m/km and a peak grade of 77m/km that runs from Lake Judd in the Tasmanian Wilderness World Heritage Area. Lake Judd is situated at the base of Mount Anne the Anne River and runs from an elevation of 602m above sea level to 69m above sea level at the confluence with the Huon River. The Anne river is a remote wilderness area visited by avid bushwalkers.
 San Vicente Creek (Spanish for St. Vincent) is a 22.2-mile-long (35.7 km) stream in San Diego County California. It rises east of Ramona and flows southwest to the San Vicente Reservoir and subsequently its confluence with the San Diego River just north of Lakeside. Its West Branch flows 4.5 miles (7 km) from the west until it reaches the San Vicente Reservoir.
 Eagle Butte is a Nevada peak east of Simpson Park.
 The Hugiu River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
 The Ärmighorn (also spelled Ärmighore) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located east of Kandergrund in the Bernese Oberland. It lies north of the Dündenhorn on the range between the Kandertal and the Kiental.
 The Moeraki River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows west from the Southern Alps veering northwest as it approaches the coast. It flows into the eastern end of the small Lake Moeraki before flowing out the western end to reach the Tasman Sea 20 kilometres northeast of Haast.
 The Lignon du Forez (French: le Lignon du Forez also called le Lignon de Chalmazel) is a 58.1 km (36.1 mi) long river in the Loire department east-central France. Its source is near Chalmazel. It flows generally east. It is a left tributary of the Loire into which it flows near Feurs.
 The Agi Cabul River is a tributary of the main branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
 Ješevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Јешевац) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Gornji Milanovac. Its highest peak Crni vrh has an elevation of 902 meters above sea level.
 Etobicoke Creek /ɛˈtoʊbɨkoʊ/ is a river in the Greater Toronto Area of Ontario Canada. It is a tributary of Lake Ontario and runs from Caledon to southern Etobicoke part of the City of Toronto. The creek is within the jurisdiction of the Toronto and Region Conservation Authority.
 Pic du Frêne (2807 m) is a mountain in the Belledonne Massif in Savoie France.
 The Gomboș River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 Verney Lake (French: Lac Verney) is a lake at Aosta Valley Italy. At an elevation of 2088 m its surface area is 0.203 km².
 Speckkahl is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Tokachiporoshiri (十勝幌尻岳 Tokachiporoshiri-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Valea Întunecoasă River (Hungarian: Sötét-patak meaning Dark Creek) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Könkämäeno (Swedish: Könkämäälven) is a river in Finland and Sweden in Finnish and Swedish Lapland. It forms the upper course of the Muonionjoki river which begins where the Könkämäeno river meets the Lätäseno river. The river begins from Lake Kilpisjärvi and forms together with Muonionjoki and the lower course of Torne River the border between Sweden and Finland.
 The Mangaaruhe River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southeast from the Ngamoko Range southwest of Lake Waikaremoana flowing into the Wairoa River eight kilometres north of Frasertown.
 The Granite Wash Mountains are a short arid low elevation mountain range of western-central Arizona in the southeast of La Paz County. The range borders a slightly larger range southeast the Little Harquahala Mountains; both ranges form a section on the same water divide between two desert washes. The washes flow in opposite directions one northwest to the Colorado River the other southeast to the Gila River.
 Porter is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southern part of the Moon and lies across the northwestern rim of the huge walled plain Clavius. Although generally circular the form of this crater has been modified by the geometry of the surface on which it was formed. The outer rim is generally lower to the southwest where it lies on the floor of Clavius. Likewise the interior floor is flatter near this face.
 Würzbach is a river of Saarland Germany.
 Logebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Klickitat River is a tributary of the Columbia River approximately 75 miles (121 km) long in south-central Washington in the United States. It drains a rugged plateau area on the eastern side of the Cascade Range northeast of Portland Oregon. In 1986 10 miles (16 km) of the river were designated Wild and Scenic from the confluence with Wheeler Creek near the town of Pitt to the confluence with the Columbia River.
 Kearsarge Pass is a pass in the Sierra Nevada of California. The pass lies on the Sierra Crest at 11709 feet (3569 m). The pass permits foot traffic between Kings Canyon National Park and the John Muir Wilderness.The pass was named after the Kearsarge mine to the east which was named by its owners after the USS Kearsarge a ship that destroyed the CSS Alabama. The Alabama Hills were named after the latter ship and the mine was named in reaction.
 The Siemens River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Piz da l'Acqua is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. The northern side of the mountain (Graubünden) is part of the Swiss National Park. The southern side of the mountain (Lombardy) is part of the Stelvio National Park. The mountain overlooks the Lago di Livigno on its eastern side.
 The Chemnitz is a river in Saxony Germany right tributary of the Zwickauer Mulde. It gave name to the city of Chemnitz where it is formed by the smaller rivers Zwönitz and Würschnitz. It joins the Zwickauer Mulde near Wechselburg south of Rochlitz and has a total length of 75 km.
 Lac Seul is a large crescent shaped lake in Kenora District northwestern Ontario Canada. It is approximately 241 km (150 mi) long. It has a maximum (regulated) depth of 47.2 m with a surface elevation of 357 m above sea level. It is the second largest body of water entirely within the province of Ontario (Lake Nipigon being first). The lake consists of open water bays narrow channels and islands. It is a relatively shallow lake with many rock shoals.
 The Eno River named for the Eno Indians who once lived along its banks is the initial tributary of the Neuse River in North Carolina USA.The Eno rises in Orange County. The river's watershed occupies most of Orange and Durham counties. The Eno converges with the Flat and Little Rivers to form the Neuse at Falls Lake which straddles Durham and Wake counties.The Eno is notable for its beauty and water quality which has been preserved through aggressive citizen efforts.
 The Oster River (Ukrainian: Остер) is a river in the northern Ukrainian oblast of Chernihiv. The river is the left branch of the Desna River. It is approximately 199 km long and its basin area is 2950 km². It is connected by canals and streams with the Trubizh River which flows southwest from Kiev into the Dnieper River. Important towns and villages on the river include: Nizhyn Kozelets Roslavl and Oster.
 Bletoppen is a mountain in Tinn Telemark Norway and is the highest point in the mountain area Blefjell. From the summit there is a view to Jonsknuten and Skrimfjella in southeast Lifjell in southwest Gaustatoppen in west and Hardangervidda in north west.The summit is most easily reached by following a marked trail from the parking lot at Nordstul 3 to 4 hours hike in the summer. Numerous shorter paths starts at the road to Fosskard and goes up the steep western side of Blefjell.
 The Gila River (/ˈhiːlə/; O'odham [Pima]: Keli Akimel or simply Akimel Quechan: Haa Siʼil) is a 649-mile (1044 km) tributary of the Colorado River flowing through New Mexico and Arizona in the United States. The river drains an arid watershed of nearly 60000 square miles (160000 km2) that lies mainly within the U.S. but also extends into northern Sonora Mexico.
 The Cuevas de los Murciélagos are a complex of two volcanic caves on La Palma Canary Islands. They are located at the Nacientes de Marcos y Cordero (springs of Marcos and Cordero) near the municipality of San Andrés y Sauces in the north of the island. Cueva de los Murciélagos I is located in an altitude of 1220 m Cueva de los Murciélagos II in an altitude of 1000 m. Both caves have a length of 100 m. The access is not difficult. Though it is a descending tube it is good to walk.
 Lake Haapajärvi is a lake of Finland.
 See Black Dome for other mountains of this name.Black Dome is a mountain located in Greene County New York.
 San Lorenzo Creek is a 10.7-mile-long (17.2 km) year-round natural stream flowing through Hayward California into San Francisco Bay at the Hayward Regional Shoreline.
 The Valea Lacului River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Marsh Creek is a 26.6-mile-long (42.8 km) tributary of the Monocacy River in south-central Pennsylvania and north-central Maryland in the United States.Marsh Creek and Rock Creek join below Gettysburg and the Gettysburg Battlefield to form the Monocacy River. The height of land between Marsh and Rock creeks is the site of the Battle of Gettysburg.
 Gayasan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1430 metres.
 The Vlădiceni River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in Romania.
 The Deepdale River is a river of New Zealand. It is mostly located in the West Coast Region of the South Island but the lower part of the river is in the Tasman Region. The Deepdale flows generally north from its source in the Brunner Range within Victoria Forest Park forming a deep valley. It reaches the Buller River at the upper Buller Gorge 20 kilometres west of Murchison.
 The Liu River (Chinese: 柳江 pinyin: Liǔ Jiāng literally: Willow River) is a tributary within the Pearl River system in Guangxi China. It is formed by the confluence of the Rong and Long rivers in Fengshan. It flows south through Liuzhou and is joined by the Luoqing Jiang to the south. It meets the larger Hongshui He east of Laibin where it becomes known as the Qian Jiang.Non-native piranha were reported to have been spotted in the river at Liuzhou. However only one has ever been found.
 Augustin Peak is an 8514-foot (2595 m) spire-shaped peak in the Kichatna Mountains of the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve southwest of Mount McKinley.
 The River Test is a river in Hampshire England. The river has a total length of 40 miles (64 km) and it flows through downland from its source near Ashe 10 km to the west of Basingstoke (at grid reference SU 532498) to the sea at the head of Southampton Water.
 The Oprișul River is a tributary of the Poarta River in Romania.
 The Ighirișu River is a tributary of the Bolvașnița River in Romania.
 The Neuhöfer Karpfenteiche are ponds in the west of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 34.8–35.4 m its surface area is 3.6 km².
 The South Fork Salmon River is a 86-mile (138 km) tributary of the Salmon River in Idaho and Valley Counties in central Idaho. The river drains a rugged lightly populated wilderness watershed in the Salmon River Mountains. It is the second largest tributary of the Salmon River after the Middle Fork.
 Kniebis is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Berkeley Hills are a range of the Pacific Coast Ranges that overlook the northeast side of the valley that encompasses San Francisco Bay. They were previously called the Contra Costa Range/Hills (from the original Spanish Sierra de la Contra Costa) but with the establishment of Berkeley and the University of California the current usage was applied by geographers and gazetteers.
 El Pino Lake is a lake in Guatemala. It is located 30 km south-southeast of Guatemala City in the municipality of Barberena in the Santa Rosa Department. The lake has a surface area of 0.72 km² and a maximum depth of 18 m. The lake waters are used for subsistence fishing sport fishing and swimming.
 The IJmeer is a bordering lake in the Netherlands. It lies between the polder De Nes (in Waterland) Pampushaven Hollandse Brug and the mouth of the IJ in IJburg straddling the provinces of North Holland and Flevoland. It is an important habitat for birds such as the Tufted Duck and Scaup. To the north-east is the Markermeer south-east is the Gooimeer.
 The Col de la Core (elevation 1395 m) is a high mountain pass in the Ariège department of France in the Pyrenees. It connects Audressein with Seix.
 Långsjön Tyresta is a lake of Södermanland Sweden. It is located in Tyresta National Park.
 The West Branch Nezinscot River is an 18.7-mile-long (30.1 km) river in Maine. It flows from Shagg Pond in Woodstock (44°25′12″N 70°31′48″W) to its confluence with the East Branch in Buckfield. The resulting river the Nezinscot flows east to the Androscoggin River which in turn flows southeast to the Kennebec River near its mouth at the Atlantic Ocean.
 Gyebangsan is a mountain between the counties of Hongcheon and Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1577 m (5174 ft).
 Shadow Lake is a lake in the Canadian province Ontario. It is the second lowest lake on the Gull River. The lake is attached to the slightly lower Silver Lake by two rapids at its southern end. At its northern end the Gull River is navigable west to a dam in Norland. The next lake in the system above Shadow is Moore Lake.
 Yakovkin is a lunar crater that lies very near the southwest limb of the Moon. It is located to the northwest of the crater Pingré and was designated Pingré H before it was named by the IAU. The proximity of this crater to the limb hinders observation from the Earth and gives it a foreshortened appearance.The uneven rim of this crater has a polygonal shape rather than forming a simple circle. The interior floor has been flooded by lava leaving a relatively small inner wall.
 Imanbong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 989 metres.
 The Itajaí do Oeste River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Piazzi Smyth is a small lunar impact crater in the eastern part of the Mare Imbrium. This is an isolated feature located about 100 kilometers to the southwest of the Montes Alpes mountain range. To the southeast of this crater is Mons Piton an isolated mountain that rises to a height of 2.3 km and occupies a diameter of about 25 km.This crater is a nicely circular feature with a rim and interior that have not been significantly modified by impacts.
 The Horincea River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 The Ciungi River is a tributary of the Gologanu River in Romania.
 Navajo Lake is a small lake in northwestern Kane County in southern Utah. It is shallow reaching depths of only 25 feet. Recreation includes fishing boating swimming and lodging facilities. Species of trout in Navajo Lake are brook trout splake trout (hybrid) and rainbow trout. Trout survival for winter is very poor with only the splake and brook trout overwintering. There is also a dense population of Utah chub.The lake was formed by a lava flow across the eastern end of the valley.
 Three Waters Mountain (11685 ft (3562 m)) is located in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Three Rivers Mountain straddles the Continental Divide and is in both Bridger-Teton and Shoshone National Forests.
 The Teufelsberg is a hill massif 598 metres high in the southern Palatinate Forest on the territory of Burrweiler in the county of Südliche Weinstraße. It has a subpeak the Lambertskopf (539 m). The Teufelsberg offers extensive views over the Upper Rhine Plain. It is not accessible by motor vehicle but may be ascended on various hiking trails.
 Sąpólna is a river of Poland a tributary of the Ukleja.
 Joseph Peak el. 10420 feet (3180 m) is a mountain peak in the southern section of the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park.
 The Fiescher Glacier (Fieschergletscher in German) is a valley glacier on the south side of the Bernese Alps in the canton of Valais Switzerland. 16 km (9.9 mi) in length it is the second longest glacier in the Alps. The glacier covers an area of 33 km2 (13 sq mi).
 Rules Reservoir is a reservoir in Vélez de Benaudalla province of Granada Andalusia Spain.
 The Liesbeek River (also spelt Liesbeeck) is a river in Cape Town in South Africa. It is named after a small river in the Netherlands. The first free burghers of the Dutch East India Company were granted land to farm along the river in 1657 shortly after the first Dutch settlers arrived in the Cape. The river was originally called the Amstel or Versse Rivier.
 Nonnenbach (Ahr) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Doamna River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania
 Kit Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. This small alpine lake is a .75 miles (1.21 km) west of South Teton and .35 miles (0.56 km) north of Snowdrift Lake.
 The Itapocu River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Storsjön (Swedish pronunciation: [ˈstuːɧœn] lit. The Great Lake) is the fifth largest lake in Sweden with an area of 464 km² and a greatest depth of 74 m. It is located in the province of Jämtland in modern Jämtland County. From Storsjön runs the river Indalsälven and the lake contains the major island Frösön.
 The Bucovăț River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 Hinze Dam also known as Advancetown Lake supplies most of the water provided to Gold Coast City in Queensland Australia. It was completed in 1976 and expanded in 1989 and 2011. Advancetown Lake is a popular recreational facility for Gold Coast residents. Hinze Dam was first managed by Gold Coast Water with management of the dam now handled by Seqwater.
 The Wolf River is a river in the municipal districts of Bonnyville No. 87 and Lac La Biche County in census division No. 12 Alberta Canada. It is in the Hudson Bay drainage basin and is a left tributary of the Sand River.
 The Blüemlisalp is a massif of the Bernese Alps in the territory of the municipalities of Kandersteg and Reichenbach im Kandertal.Its main peaks are:Blüemlisalphorn (3661 m)Wyssi Frau (3650 m) 46°29′35″N 7°47′0″EMorgenhorn (3623 m) 46°29′46″N 7°47′28″EThe entire massif is contained within the canton of Berne and forms a northern extension to the main range of the Bernese alps.
 Sơn Đoòng cave (hang Sơn Đoòng Mountain River cave in Vietnamese) is a cave in Phong Nha-Kẻ Bàng National Park Bố Trạch District Quảng Bình Province Vietnam. As of 2009 it is the biggest known cave in the world and is located near the Laos–Vietnam border (17°27'25.88N 106°17'15.36E). Inside is a large fast-flowing underground river.
 Lake Jessie with somewhat of an oval shape has a surface area of 189-acre (760000 m2). This lake is on the northwest side of Winter Haven Florida and is just east of Auburndale Florida. Residential areas border this lake from the northwest shore all the way south along the west shore ending where the south shore of the lake meets the east shore of the lake. At this point a canal separates the residences from some woods on the southeast shore of Lake Jessie.
 The Pellaifa Lake (Spanish: Lago Pellaifa) is one of the Seven Lakes in Panguipulli municipality southern Chile. The lake is of glacial origin and lies in an area of hot springs.
 The Valea Drăgoiești River is a tributary of the Turbați River in Romania
 Mission Bay is a saltwater bay or lagoon located south of the Pacific Beach community of San Diego California. The bay is part of the recreational Mission Bay Park the largest man-made aquatic park in the country consisting of 4235 acres (17.14 km2) approximately 46% land and 54% water. The combined area makes Mission Bay Park the ninth largest municipally-owned park in the United States.Wakeboarding jet skiing sailing and camping are popular on the bay.
 Cupixi River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 Loch A'an is an exceedingly remote freshwater loch set deep within the central Cairngorms plateau in the Cairngorms National Park located in the eastern Highlands of Scotland. Loch A'an also called Loch Avon is the source of the River Avon. Loch A'an is orientated southwest-northeast and is bounded on three sides by precipitous mountains cliffs and crags with the south east opening out to provide an outflow for the river through Glen Avon.
 Vågsfjorden is a fjord in the southern part of Troms county in Norway. The fjord is located between Norway's two largest islands Hinnøya to the south and Senja to the north. The fjord connects to the Andfjorden and the Tranøyfjorden to the north and to the Astafjorden and Tjeldsundet to the south.
 Eiavatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Eigersund and Sokndal in Rogaland county Norway.
 Zuni-Bandera volcanic field (also known as Bandera lava field Grants Malpais and Malpais volcanic field) is a volcanic field located in the state of New Mexico United States.The volcanic field has been considered for geothermal exploitation.
 Mauna Kea (/ˌmɔːnə ˈkeɪ.ə/ or /ˌmaʊnə ˈkeɪ.ə/; Hawaiian: [ˈmɔunə ˈkɛjə]) is a dormant volcano on the island of Hawaii. Standing 13803 ft (4207 m) above sea level its peak is the highest point in the U.S. state of Hawaii. However much of Mauna Kea is below sea level; when measured from its oceanic base its height is 33100 ft (10100 m)—more than twice Mount Everest's base-to-peak height of 11980 to 15260 ft (3650 to 4650 m).
 Kufra Crater is a crater in the Cebrenia quadrangle of Mars located at 40.7° North and 239.77° West. It is 37.5 km in diameter and was named after a town in Libya.
 The River Caldew is a river running through Cumbria in England. Historically the county watered by the Caldew was Cumberland.The Caldew's source is high up on Skiddaw between the summit and Sale How in the Lake District from where it runs east through a valley between Bowscale Fell and Carrock Fell.At Hutton Roof the river emerges from the dale and turns sharply northwards a course taking it through the settlements of Hesket Newmarket Sebergham Buckabank and Dalston.
 The Valea Boului River or Pârâul Boului is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
 Lake Talquin is a reservoir located on the Ochlockonee River between Leon County and Gadsden County in north Florida. The lake located about 10 miles (15 km) west of Tallahassee is south of Interstate 10 and bordered by State Road 20 on the east and State Road 267 on the west.The lake was created by the construction of the Talquin Dam and used for the generation of hydroelectric power.
 Lac de Malpas is a lake at Malpas in the Doubs department of France.
 Øgderen is a lake in the municipalities of Aurskog-Høland in Akershus county and Trøgstad in Østfold county Norway.
 Mount Lincoln is a 5089-foot-high mountain within the Franconia Range of the White Mountains of New Hampshire. Lincoln is located between Little Haystack and Mount Lafayette. All three overlook Franconia Notch. The west side of Lincoln drains into the main stem of the Pemigewasset River.
 Clear Lake is the name of a natural spring fed body of water located in Cerro Gordo County Iowa near Clear Lake Iowa. It is approximately 3684 acres (15 km2) in size. It is a popular fishing destination with walleye bullhead yellow bass and channel catfish. People from Des Moines and Minneapolis–Saint Paul have had homes on the shores of the lake since the 1870s. The average depth is 10 feet (3 m) and the maximum depth is 30 feet (9 m) in the dredged area of the west end.
 The Livigno Alps are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland and northern Italy around the Italian village Livigno.
 Pizzo Quadro is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps on the Swiss-Italian border. With an elevation of 2793 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the range lying south of the Wandfluhhorn and the Guriner Furggu (2323 m). Pizzo Quadro is located between the localities of San Rocco di Prèmia (Piedmont) and Campo (Ticino).
 Ben Nevis (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn Nibheis pronounced [peˈɲivəʃ]) is the highest mountain in the British Isles.
 The Rivière Falaise is a river of Martinique.
 Telica (Spanish: Volcán Telica) is a stratovolcano one of several volcanoes of the Nicaraguan volcanic front located in the western part of Nicaragua.
 The Usva River (Russian: Усьва) is a river in Perm Krai in Russia right tributary of the Chusovaya River (Kama's basin). The length of the river is 266 km. The area of its drainage basin is 6170 km².The Usva freezes up in November and remains icebound until late April - early May. This is lowland river in the most of its flow except upstreams with many rocks and rapids. Banks are steep and rocky covered with forests.Usva crosses Basegi range with top North Baseg (951 m).
 The Valea cu Cale River is a tributary of the Sbârcioara River in Romania.
 The Alunul River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
 Moore River is a river in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
 Big Mushamush Lake is a lake in the Municipal District Of Lunenburg in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Brădetul River is a tributary of the Râșnoava River in Romania.
 The Kishtwar Himalaya is a small subrange of the Himalayan mountain range in the Indian states of Jammu and Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh. It is a dramatic range of steep rock and ice peaks with great local relief. However it is not as well known as other parts of the Himalaya since its highest peak Bharanzar or Sickle Moon is only 6574 m (21568 ft) in elevation.
 The Bobos River is a river of Mexico.
 Black Butte is a cinder cone butte located in Deschutes National Forest northwest of the town of Sisters Oregon. An extinct volcano it is composed of basaltic andesite. The cone rises 3076 feet (938 m) over the surrounding plateau. Black Butte is a striking feature just north of US Highway 20 which descends from the east flank of the Cascades. It is nearly symmetricalwith no marks of glaciation.
 The Cam River / Ruataniwha is a small river in Canterbury in the South Island of New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Kaiapoi River itself a tributary of the Waimakariri River.The Cam / Ruataniwha rises just to the east of the town of Rangiora and flows south across the Canterbury Plains towards Kaiapoi.
 Lake Cleveland is an alpine lake in Cassia County Idaho United States located in the Albion Mountains in Sawtooth National Forest. Lake Cleveland can easily be accessed via paved forest road 549. The lake is in the basin to the north of Mount Harrison. The are two campgrounds next to the lake with one at the east end and one at the west end of the lake. There are three other campgrounds in the area.
 The Valea Calului River is a tributary of the Iara River in Romania.
 Glencorse Reservoir is a reservoir in Midlothian Scotland UK two miles west of Glencorse in the Pentland Hills.It is retained by an earth dam and it was built between 1820 and 1824 by James Jardine to provide water for the mills of Auchendinny Milton Bridge and Glencorse and to supply drinking water to the citizens of Edinburgh.
 Ice Mountain elevation 13958 ft (4254 m) is a summit in the Collegiate Peaks of central Colorado. The mountain is on the Continental Divide northwest of Buena Vista in the Gunnison and San Isabel national forests.
 The Rioulan is a small river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. It flows into the Estéron in Sigale.
 Targhee Pass is a mountain pass located on the Continental Divide in the Henrys Lake Mountains along the border between southeastern Idaho and southwestern Montana at an elevation of 7072 feet (2156 m) above sea level. The pass is named for a Bannack Indian chief.U.S. Highway 20 crosses the pass approximately 15 mi (24 km) west of West Yellowstone Montana on the western boundary of Yellowstone National Park.
 The Haupt is a mountain of the Urner Alps located between the Klein Melchtal and the Melchtal in the canton of Obwalden. Its east side consists of steep limestone cliffs overlooking Stöckalp and Melchsee-Frutt. On its west side it overlooks the Älggi-Alp.
 Little Yirkie Lake is a small bottle shaped lake in Ontario. It can be found on the north side of highway 28 near its larger counterpart Big Yirkie Lake. The lake is small measuring only 100 metres by 475 metres.
 The Brăduț River is a tributary of the Agriş River in Romania.
 Kasba Lake is a lake in the northern Canadian wilderness. The majority of the lake lies within the Northwest Territories but a small section is in Nunavut. The lake is close to Canada's four corners. A seasonal fishing lodge is open to tourists each summer.
 Davenport Lake is a lake in the Dyer Gap area of Gilmer County Georgia. It is a private lake. It is 17 acres and is crawling with largemouth bass. It also has bluegill and other breamsnapping turtles and water moccasins. It was built during the Great Depression.Its elevation is 1634 feet or 498 meters. It is a reservoir off of East Mountain town trail. East Mountain Town Creek and Harper Creek flow into it. East Mountain Town Creek flows out. It is in the Chattahoochee National Forest.
 The Kaso River (Sungai Kaso or Kacu) is a stream in the Indonesian part of the island of Borneo.One of its tributaries is the Seputan River.The Kaso flows into the Mahakam River.In 1889 Tromp reported three villages of Bukat people on the Kaso. In fact the villages were on the Penane River a tributary of the Kacu at Long Mecai. The semi-nomadic Seputan people also live on the Kacu at times.
 The Gouffre Berger is a French cave discovered on 24 May 1953 by Joseph Berger Bouvet Ruiz de Arcaute and Marc Jouffray. From 1953 to 1963 it was regarded as the deepest cave in the world at −1122 metres (−3681 ft) relinquishing this title to the previous contender Pierre Saint Martin in 1964 after further exploration.
 The Havel (German pronunciation: [ˈhaːfl]) is a river in north-eastern Germany flowing through the German states of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Brandenburg Berlin and Saxony-Anhalt. It is a right tributary of the Elbe river and 325 km (202 miles) in length. However the direct distance from its source to its mouth is only 94 km (58 miles)For much of its length the Havel is navigable and it provides an important link in the waterway connections between the east and west of Germany and beyond.
 Kikai Caldera (鬼界カルデラ Kikai karudera) is a massive mostly submerged caldera up to 19 kilometres (12 mi) in diameter in the Ōsumi Islands of Kagoshima Prefecture Japan. It is the remains of the ancient eruption of a gigantic volcano.Kikai Caldera was the source of the Akahoya eruption one of the largest eruptions during the Holocene (10000 years ago to present).
 Žemoji Gervė is a river of Biržai district municipality Panevėžys County northern Lithuania.
 Yaw River or Ywa River is a river of Burma a tributary of the Irrawaddy. It flows into the Irrawaddy on the right (west) just above the town of Seikpyu at 20°54′13″N 94°48′39″E. The Yaw River forms when the Kyaw River and the Kabyu River flow together at 21°25′13″N 94°36′48″E. It flows basically south with a slight trend eastward. It flows past the towns of Ledaing Anauk Kabyu and Dawtha with its major tributary the Sada-on River entering on the right just below Dawtha.
 The Dora di Bardonecchia is a short tributary of the Dora Riparia river lying entirely within the upper Susa Valley.
 The Pârâul Balului or Balul River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Kennebago Divide is a mountain located in Maine's Franklin and Oxford counties. It is also known as North Peak of Kennebago Divide. Its highest peak is in Franklin County about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) southeast of the Canada–United States border with Québec.
 Great East Lake is an 1829-acre (7.4 km2) water body located in Carroll County New Hampshire and York County Maine in the United States. The lake is shared by the towns of Wakefield New Hampshire and Acton Maine with 45% of its surface area in Acton and 55% in Wakefield. The lake is the farthest upstream of the five headwater lakes of the Salmon Falls River a tributary of the Piscataqua River.
 Curricabark River a perennial river of the Manning River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Bandama River is the longest river in Côte d'Ivoire with a length of some 800 kilometers. The south-flowing river is fed by the Marahoué Solomougou Kan and Nzi rivers and empties into the Tagba Lagoon and the Gulf of Guinea.The Bandama flows through Lake Kossou a large artificial lake created in 1973 by the construction of the Kossou Dam at Kossou.Yamoussoukro the capital of Côte d'Ivoire is located adjacent from the Bandama River.
 Lake Claiborne is a reservoir located near the town of Homer Louisiana. Isolated in a rural area it is a popular man-made fishing area that has a combined estimated area of 6400 acres (26 km2). Lake Claiborne State Park a Louisiana state maintained camping and recreation area lies on southern shore of the lake. The lake was created by the construction of Clairborne Lock and Dam by the United States Army Corps of Engineers in 1970.
 The Hondo River (Añasco Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Sierra Madre Oriental is a mountain range in northeastern Mexico.
 Attborough Swallet (also known as Red Quar Swallet) is a cave in Chewton Mendip in Somerset England.It is unusual for a cave on the Mendip Hills in that it is not in limestone but instead in Dolomitic Conglomerate and Marl. The main part of the cave was first entered in 1992 although Red Quar Swallet had been dug in the 1930s and the entrance shaft is now a concrete pipe. .It takes its name from the Attborough field in which the entrance is situated.
 Banbury Reservoir is located in the London Borough of Waltham Forest at Walthamstow. It is one of the storage reservoirs in the Lee Valley Reservoir Chain. The reservoir is owned by Thames Water.
 The Valea Fetii River is a tributary of the Borod River in Romania
 West Little Owyhee River is a 63.1-mile-long (101.5 km) tributary of the Owyhee River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The source of the river is at an elevation of 6508 feet (1984 m) near McDermitt while the mouth is at an elevation of 4373 feet (1333 m) in the Owyhee Desert. West Little Owyhee River has a 310-square-mile (800 km2) watershed.The river begins east of McDermitt and flows east by Deer Flat and into Louse Canyon.
 Mount Tipton is a mountain in northwestern Arizona in the United States. With a summit elevation of 7153 feet (2180 m) it is the tallest mountain in the Cerbat Mountains which border Kingman on the north and is the high point of the Mount Tipton Wilderness which comprises the entirety of the northern portion of the Cerbat Mountains. The community of Dolan Springs lies west at the base of Mount Tipton at the northwest side of the Cerbat Range.
 McMurdo Crater is a crater in the Mare Australe quadrangle of Mars located at 84.4° S and 359.1° W. It is 30.3 km in diameter and was named after McMurdo Station in Antarctica.
 The Jacaré River (Rio das Cinzas) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Umiam Lake is a reservoir located in the hills 15 km to the North of Shillong in the state of Meghalaya India. It was created by damming the Umiam river in the early 1960s. The principal catchment area of the lake and dam is spread over 220 square km.
 Devils Tower (Lakota: Matȟó Thípila (Bear Lodge) or Ptehé Ǧí (Brown Buffalo Horn) (Arapaho: Wox Niiinon ) is an igneous intrusion or laccolith in the Black Hills near Hulett and Sundance in Crook County northeastern Wyoming above the Belle Fourche River.
 Lac du Baggersee is a lake in Bas-Rhin France. The French name is a tautology as See already means lake in German.
 Ringstindene is a mountain ridge consisting of three peaks south-west in Jotunheimen National Park in Oppland Norway. The highest peak reaches 2124 m (6969 ft) above sea level.
 Erta Ale (or Ertale or Irta'ale) is a continuously active basaltic shield volcano in the Afar Region of northeastern Ethiopia the most active volcano in Ethiopia. It is in the Afar Depression a badland desert area spanning the border with Eritrea and the volcano itself is surrounded completely by an area below sea level[citation needed] making it a relatively low-elevation volcano.
 Feuerbach (Neckar) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Mettelhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located near Zermatt in the canton of Valais.The Mettelhorn provides excellent acclimatization opportunities especially if one climbs its sister peaks Platthorn and Wisshorn on the same day. Hiking from Zermatt to the Mettelhorn takes about six hours uphill and four hours downwards.
 Bardon Hill is a hill and former volcano in the civil parish of Bardon near Coalville Leicestershire England. It the highest point in Leicestershire and the National Forest 912 feet (278 m) above sea level and is visible for miles around. The hill has two distinct faces: The East is protected as a site of special scientific interest (SSSI) the West is scarred and partially removed by the Bardon Hill Quarry. At its summit is a trigonometry point and a radio mast.
 Monte Colombano (in Piedmontese mont Colombon ) is a mountain in the Alpi di Lanzo a sub-group of the Graian Alps with an elevation of 1658 m.
 The Coomera River is a river situated in South East Queensland. The upper reaches of the river flow from the Lamington plateau and the Lamington National Park. Here are the spectacular Coomera Falls in the Coomera Gorge. The river was first discovered by Patrick Logan in May 1827.The waterway was originally named the River Arrowsmith after a London cartographic firm by Robert Dixon a government surveyor.
 Bogachiel Peak is a 5478-foot (1670 m) peak in the Olympic Mountains of Washington U.S.. It is located in Olympic National Park.
 Kejimikujik lake (sometimes Kejimkujik or even Kedgeemakoogee) is the namesake lake and the largest lake in Kejimkujik National Park. The work 'Kejimkujik' is agreed by all to be a word derived from the Mi'kmaq language but depending on the source will be said to mean attempting to escape or swollen waters.
 The Ing River (Thai: แม่น้ำอิง RTGS: Maenam Ing Thai pronunciation: [mɛ̂ːnáːm ʔiŋ]) is a tributary of the Mekong River in the northern part of Thailand. It has its source in Doi Luang Phi Pan Nam Range in Mae Chai District Phayao Province. The Ing flows through the plain area of Thoeng District.
 The Strahei River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Hopmann is a lunar crater that lies in the southern hemisphere on the Moon's far side. It is attached to the northern part of the large walled plain Poincaré. Less than one crater diameter to the north-northwest is the crater Garavito.The outer rim of this crater has undergone some wear due to impact erosion. Still the inner walls possess some terrace structures along the southern edge.
 Tathlina Lake is a large shallow lake located in the Northwest Territories Canada. An outcropping of the Kakisa Formation occurs along the side of this lake.This turbid lake the 15th largest in the Northwest Territories is located at an elevation of 269 metres and has an average depth of only 1 metre. Due to this shallow depth it is considered vulnerable to changes in such variables as water level and temperature ice thickness and dissolved oxygen levels.
 Little Lost Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Smoky Mountains in Sawtooth National Forest. While no trails lead to the lake it is most easily accessed from the end of forest road 170. The lake is located just east of Prairie Creek Peak. It is also near Smoky Lake Big Lost Lake and Upper and Lower Norton lakes.
 West Smoky Dome Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County Idaho United States located in the Soldier Mountains in the Sawtooth National Forest. No trails lead to the lake and it is in the Smoky Dome Lakes basin northeast of Smoky Dome which is the highest peak in the Soldier Mountains.
 The Gélise (pronounced: [ʒeliːz]) is a tributary of the Baïse River in Gascony southwestern France.
 The Bogata River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Döbraberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Acıgöl-Nevşehir is a volcano in Turkey with an elevation of 1689 metres (5541 ft).It is a caldera volcano about 7 by 8 km wide and is traversed by the national highway from Acıgöl to Nevşehir.
 The Tăuți River or Pe Vale River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Jack Lake is a small headwater/ feedwater lake in Ontario Canada within the northern portion of the Kawartha lakes region which is located at the southern end of the Canadian Shield. The clean freshwater lake which has a reasonably complex limnology is located in northern Peterborough County approximately 100 mi (160 km) directly northeast of Toronto.
 Sarychev Peak (Russian: вулкан Сарычева Vulkan Sarycheva variants: Japanese: 芙蓉山 Fuyō Mountain Fuyō-san Fuyō-yama Fuyo-zan Huyō San Japanese: 松輪富士 Matsuwa-fuji) is a stratovolcano covering almost the entirety of Matua Island in the Kuril Islands Russia. It is a young highly symmetrical stratovolcanic cone.
 Thurstonfield Lough (lough pronounced as loff) is the largest species-rich area of open water in the lowlands of north and east Cumbria England.[citation needed] Within this area it supports some of the best examples of a range of vegetation types: from the submerged aquatics through an extensive fringing marsh to good wet sallow and alder woodland. The Lough lies in the Solway Plain of north Cumbria 5 km west of the City of Carlisle.
 Pyramid Lake is a lake in the backcountry of the Desolation Wilderness in the Sierra Nevada Mountains of El Dorado County California.
 Harden is a small lunar impact crater that lies in the eastern part of the interior floor of the walled plain Mendeleev. It is located on the far side of the Moon and cannot been seen from the Earth.The crater is a circular bowl-shaped feature with a slightly higher albedo than the surrounding terrain but lacks the skirt of bright ejecta that many young impacts possess. The edge and interior are not notably eroded and no significant craters overlie this feature.
 The Valea Sterminoasă River is a tributary of the Boia Mică River in Romania.
 Mynydd Hiraethog (also known as the Denbigh Moors) is an upland region in Conwy and Denbighshire in north-east Wales. It includes the large reservoirs Llyn Brenig and Llyn Alwen and the Clocaenog Forest which has one of Wales's last populations of red squirrels. Its highest point is Mwdwl-eithin at 532 metres (1745 ft) above sea level making it higher than Exmoor. Moel Seisiog is another 468m (1535ft) summit which is also the source of the River Elwy (53°05′N 3°42′W).
 The Pennsylvania and Ohio Canal also known as the P & O Canal the Cross Cut Canal and the Mahoning Canal was a shipping canal which operated from 1840 until 1877 (though the canal was completely abandoned by 1872). It was unique in that it served to connect canals in two states (the Ohio and Erie Canal in Ohio and the Beaver and Erie Canal in Pennsylvania) and was funded by private interests.
 Laram Q'awa (Aymara larama blue q'awa little river little blue river hispanicized spellings Larancagua Larancahua) is a mountain in Chile situated in the Parinacota Province of the Arica and Parinacota Region about 5439 metres (17845 ft) high. It lies between the Taapaca volcanic complex and the Payachata mountains.
 Virån is a river in Sweden.
 Abu (阿武火山群 Abu Kazan-gun) is the name of a group of shield volcanoes located on the coast of Japan on the southwest end of the island of Honshū. It is primarily based in the city of Hagi Yamaguchi Prefecture.The group dates from 800000 years ago and was active into the Holocene era. The last eruption occurred around 8800 years ago.The group of volcanoes consists of basalt and dacitic lava flows small shield volcanoes cinder cones and lava domes.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Gangolfsberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Englishman Bay is a bay in Washington County Maine.The bay is located between the towns of Roque Bluffs and Jonesport.It is separated from Chandler Bay to the southwest by Roque Island and Great Spruce Island.The bay extends roughly 8 mi. (13 km) and is 3 mi. (5 km) at its widest.
 The Milășelu River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
 Roche de la Muzelle is a mountain in the Ecrins.
 Lake Mandrensko or Lake Mandra (Bulgarian: Мандренско езеро Mandrensko ezero) is the southernmost of the Burgas Lakes located in the immediate proximity of the Black Sea and close to Burgas. Being 8 km long and 1.3 km wide at maximum as well as having an area of 38.84 km² it was a brackish natural lake until 1963 when it was turned into a reservoir with the construction of a dam to secure fresh water for the large Neftochim Burgas oil refinery.
 The Belinul Mic River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Martschenspitz (also known as Pizzo Stella) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy. On its southern side it overlooks the pass Guriner Furggu. The closest locality is Bosco Gurin in Ticino.
 Tea River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Whitesail Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges located north of Whitesail River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Cima Piazzi Cima de' Piazzi del Piazzi or di Piazzi is the highest mountain of the Livigno Alps in Lombardy Italy. It has a summit elevation of 3439 m (11283 ft) above sea level.
 The Coștei River is a tributary of the Coșteiu-Chizătău Canal in Romania.
 The Piraí River (Rio de Janeiro) is in the state of Rio de Janeiro in southeastern Brazil.
 The Biucavăș River is a tributary of the Pârâul cu Fagi in Romania.
 The Great Zab or Upper Zab (Arabic: الزاب الكبير‎ (al-Zāb al-Kabaīr) Turkish: Zap Kurdish: Zêy Badînan Syriac: ܙܒܐ ܥܠܝܐ (zāba ʻalya)) is an approximately 400-kilometre (250 mi) long river flowing through Turkey and Iraq. It rises in Turkey near Lake Van and joins the Tigris in Iraq south of Mosul. The drainage basin of the Great Zab covers approximately 40300 square kilometres (15600 sq mi) and during its course the rivers collects the water from a large number of tributaries.
 Gusev is a crater on the planet Mars and is located at 14.5°S 175.4°E﻿ / -14.5; 175.4. The crater is about 166 kilometers in diameter and formed approximately three to four billion years ago. It was named after Russian astronomer Matvei Gusev (1826–1866) in 1976.A channel system named Ma'adim Vallis drains into it that probably carried liquid water or water and ice at some point in Mars' past. The crater appears to be an old crater lake bed filled with sediments up to 3000 feet thick.
 Große Röder is a river of Saxony and Brandenburg eastern Germany. It is a left tributary of the river Schwarze Elster. It rises near Arnsdorf about 20 km east of Dresden. It flows in a generally northwestern direction through the towns Radeberg Radeburg and Großenhain. It joins the Schwarze Elster in the village Haida west of Elsterwerda.
 The Mortirolo Pass (Italian: Passo di Mortirolo) (el. 1852 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in Italy. Also known as Passo di Foppa it connects Mazzo di Valtellina and Val Camonica. The road from Mazzo di Valtellina is one of the most demanding climbs in professional road bicycle racing having been used in the Giro d'Italia stage race many times.In May 2004 while training in Italian Alps Lance Armstrong said that it was the hardest climb he had ever ridden.
 The Păcura River is a tributary of the Vizăuţi River in Romania.
 The Mangatokerau River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southeast to meet the Uawa River which it joins seven kilometres from the latter's Tolaga Bay mouth.
 Fischertaler Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The San Juan River is the largest and most important river in the Mexican state of Nuevo León. The river feeds the El Cuchillo Dam which provides the city of Monterrey with water. The San Juan River basin has a total surface area of 33538 square kilometres (12949 sq mi). The San Juan River is a tributary to the Rio Grande (Rio Bravo) — which is the fourth largest river basin in North America.
 The Răchițele River is a tributary of the Cavnic river in Romania.
 The Cerna River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
 The Avon River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria. The Avon forms an important part of the Latrobe sub-catchment draining the south eastern slopes of the Great Dividing Range to form the Gippsland Lakes.
 The Arda (Bulgarian: Арда Arda Turkish: Arda Greek: Άρδας Árdas) is a 290 km long river in Bulgaria and Greece. It is a tributary of the Maritsa (Greek: Έβρος Evros). Its source lies in the Bulgarian Rhodope Mountains near the village Arda part of the municipality of Smolyan. It flows eastward past Rudozem Kardzhali and Ivaylovgrad and enters Greece in the northern part of the Evros regional unit.
 Lallemand is a small lunar impact crater that lies near the western limb of the Moon in a region where the visibility is affected by libration effects. Because of its location when viewed from the Earth the crater is viewed nearly from the side limiting the amount of detail that can be seen. It lies in the northeast part of a mountain range named the Montes Rook that forms a ring around the enormous Mare Orientale impact basin.
 The Pârgravu River is a headwater of the Sohodol River in Romania.
 The Valea Priponului River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
 Matagorda Bay is a large estuary bay on the Texas coast lying in Calhoun and Matagorda counties and located approximately 80 miles (130 km) northeast of Corpus Christi 143 miles (230 km) southeast of San Antonio 108 miles (174 km) southwest of Houston and 167 miles (269 km) southeast of Austin. It is separated from the Gulf of Mexico by Matagorda Peninsula and serves as the mouth of numerous streams most notably the Lavaca and Colorado Rivers.
 Bramante is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 159 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Bramante is named for the Italian architect Donato Bramante who lived from 1444 to 1514.
 Douglas Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Yellow Dog River flows through Marquette County in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. It is 31.6 miles (50.9 km) in length with about 85 miles (137 km) of tributaries. The main branch begins at the outflow from Bulldog Lake in the Ottawa National Forest on the boundary between Baraga and Marquette counties.
 The Aguada River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Amacuzac River is a river of Mexico.
 The Black River (Rainy River) is a river of Minnesota.
 Lake Gibson is a lake near Thorold Ontario Canada. The lake is not natural but rather was created as a reservoir for hydroelectric power generation at the Ontario Power Generation Decew Falls 1 and Decew Falls 2 generating stations. The lake was created by flooding the shallow valley of Beaverdams Creek. Lake Moodie is located to the northwest of Lake Gibson and is a smaller segment of the overall Lake Gibson system.
 Creoch Loch (NS 59259 15615) previously known as Little Creoch Loch is a freshwater loch in the Parish of New Cumnock in the East Ayrshire Council Area between Cumnock and New Cumnock Scotland. It is located in a glacial kettle hole and is one of three linked lochs.
 Skoki Mountain is a mountain located in Banff National Park in Alberta Canada. It is situated towards the east of the Skoki Valley at the head of the Red Deer River and is part of the Slate Range. At the base of the mountain lies Skoki Lodge a historic ski lodge constructed in 1931 where several routes up to the 2707 m (8881 ft) peak originate.Skoki Mountain was named by James F. Porter in 1911 after the Indian word for marsh or swamp.
 The Metsantan Range are a mountain range between the upper Stikine and the Finlay River drainages in northern British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 1116 km2 and is a subrange of the Omineca Mountains which in turn form part of the Interior Mountains.
 The Aire is a river in northern France right tributary of the Aisne. Its source is near the village Saint-Aubin-sur-Aire. Its course crosses the départements of Meuse and Ardennes. It flows through the towns of Pierrefitte-sur-Aire Clermont-en-Argonne Varennes-en-Argonne and Grandpré finally flowing into the Aisne in Termes.
 Zeller Horn is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 Seebergsee is a lake in the Canton of Berne Switzerland. Its surface area is 6 ha.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Rhymney River (Welsh: Afon Rhymni) is a river in the Rhymney Valley south-east Wales flowing through Cardiff into the Severn estuary.The river forms the boundary between the historic counties of Glamorgan and Monmouthshire.
 Blanchinus is a lunar crater that is situated in the rugged south-central highlands of the Moon. Adjacent to the south of Blanchinus is the crater Werner and La Caille is attached to the northwest rim. West of the crater is the prominent formation Purbach.The outer rim of Blanchinus has been significantly degraded by subsequent impacts leaving an irregular notched exterior ring of rugged hills and ridges. The inner floor in contrast is nearly flat and free of significant impacts.
 Addison Creek is a 10.7-mile-long (17.2 km) stream in the northeastern portion of the U.S. state of Illinois. It is a tributary of Salt Creek. Addison Creek originates in Bensenville and runs south and east through Northlake Maywood Bellwood and Westchester. Water from the creek flows via Salt Creek the Des Plaines River and the Illinois River to the Mississippi River and ultimately the Gulf of Mexico.
 The Maranoa River is a large river situated in South West Queensland. The Maranoa passes through Mitchell and flows south towards St George. It is a tributary of the Balonne River which eventually flows into the Darling River (via a few branches) so it contributes to the Murray-Darling Basin.The river rises on the Chesterton Range part of the Consuelo Tableland.
 Tacora is a stratovolcano located in the Andes of the Arica y Parinacota Region of Chile. Bordering Peru it is the northernmost volcano of Chile. Tacora has a summit elevation of 5980 meters above sea level and rises 1721 meters above the surrounding landscape.
 The East Branch Cupsuptic River is a short tributary of the Cupsuptic River in Maine. It flows about 4 miles (6 km) from its source (45°09′36″N 70°49′52″W) in a cirque between Snow Mountain and Twin Mountains to its mouth on the Cupsuptic.
 The Main Line of Public Works was a state funded and built railroad and canal system across southern Pennsylvania between Philadelphia and Pittsburgh that included the Philadelphia and Columbia Railroad the Allegheny Portage Railroad and the Pennsylvania Canal system created in response to the advent and success of the Lehigh Navigations and the Erie Canals.
 Lake Léré is a lake in the Mayo-Kebbi Ouest Region in southwestern Chad about 6 km east of the border with Cameroon. It is feded by the Mayo Kébbi that leaves near Léré the smaller Lake Tréné.
 Beinn Dearg is the 4th highest of the Torridon mountains in the highlands of Scotland. Beinn Dearg offers all the typical features of a Torridon hill with steeply terraced rocky sides dissected by near vertical gullies. The summit ridge is an airy crest that offers some easy scrambling; alternatively this can be avoided by following a path that traverses the terraces on the southern side.
 Eichbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Bruce is the second highest mountain in the state of Western Australia.Mount Bruce lies 62 kilometres (39 mi) northwest of Mount Meharry the highest peak in the state. It is a part of the Hamersley Range in the Pilbara.
 The Picket Range is a small extremely rugged subrange of the North Cascades in the northwestern part of the American state of Washington. It is entirely contained within North Cascades National Park. It is about 6 miles (9.7 km) long running northwest-southeast and lies north of the Skagit River west of Ross Lake and east of Mounts Baker and Shuksan. There are at least 21 peaks in the range over 7500 ft (2300 m) high .Swedish American Lage Wernstedt of the U.S.
 Redcloud Peak is a mountain peak of over fourteen thousand feet in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the San Juan Mountains in Hinsdale County approximately 7 miles (11 km) south west of Lake City.
 The Pike Creek Hills are a small range of hills 8.3 miles (13.4 km) west of the community of Flatwillow in Petroleum and Fergus counties in Montana. The highest elevation is an unnamed peak at 4032 feet (1229 m) with the stream valleys of Pike Creek to the north and Flatwillow Creek to the south at around 3500 ft (1100 m). The east end of the Little Snowy Mountains lie 12 miles (19 km) to the west.
 The Sturza River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The Miniș River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
 The Cumberland Mountains are a mountain range in the southeastern section of the Appalachian Mountains. They are located in southern West Virginia western Virginia eastern edges of Kentucky and eastern middle Tennessee including the Crab Orchard Mountains.
 Muorkkejávrre (Lule Sami) or Eidevatnet (Norwegian) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway. The 5.94-square-kilometre (2.29 sq mi) lake lies about 75 metres (246 ft) west of the border with Sweden and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of the village of Sulitjelma. The water from the lake flows west into the neighboring lake Låmivatnet. The ending -jávrre is the Lule Sami word for lake.
 Blåmannsisvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway. The 3.76-square-kilometre (1.45 sq mi) lake lies on the southeast edge of the large Blåmannsisen glacier. The border with Sweden is located about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) east of the lake.
 Kilverbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Kastelburg is a ruined castle above Waldkirch in the district Emmendingen in Baden-Württemberg. It stands on a hill about 100 meters (330 feet) above the center of Waldkirch in Breisgau.
 Prospect Creek an urban watercourse of the Georges River catchment is located in the western and Canterbury-Bankstown regions of Sydney in New South Wales Australia.
 Stony Pass elevation 12592 ft (3838 m) is a mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado.
 The Roști River is a tributary of the Stăunoiu River in Romania.
 Mount Robert is a 1421m high mountain in the Nelson area of New Zealand's South Island.
 The Puturosu River is a tributary of the Burla River in Romania.
 Piz Combul (also known as Pizzo Combolo) is a mountain of the Bernina Range (Alps) located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies between the Val Fontana and the Val Poschiavo. With a height of 2901 metres above sea level Piz Combul is the highest summit of the range lying south of the Bocchetta da Vartegna (2588 m).
 Leaf River (French: Rivière aux Feuilles; Inuktitut: Kuugaaluk (the large river) or Itinniq (where there are spring tides)) is a river in northern Quebec Canada at the northern limit of the tree line. It flows from Lake Minto northeast through the Ungava Peninsula into Leaf Bay off Ungava Bay over a distance of 480 kilometres (300 mi).
 The Porcovița River is a tributary of the Porcu River in Romania.
 Kosa River (Russian: Коса Komi: Кöсва) is a river in Perm Krai Russia right tributary of the Kama River. The length of the river is 267 km the area of its basin is 10300 km². The Kosa River freezes up in late October - November and stays icebound until April - early May.It starts in extreme south of Kosinsky District and flows in north. Mouth of river located near village Ust-Kosa. Banks are lowland. There are swamp Ydzhidnyur in the basin of Kosa.
 The Beiușele River is a tributary of the Valea Nimăieștilor River in Romania.
 Kirk Dam is an impounding dam located 1.5 kilometres south of Rothesay and is separated by a causeway from the much larger Loch Fad to the south-west. It was built to provide water to the cotton mills of the town and is now the habitat for a variety of marshland birds. The earthfill dam is 6 metres high and records show it was constructed in the late 18th century.
 Elma is a river of Poland a tributary of the Łyna River.
 Buffumville Lake is a 200-acre (0.81 km2) 5.2-billion-US-gallon (20000000 m3) capacity United States Army Corps of Engineers flood control lake project located in Charlton Massachusetts. The lake and surrounding grounds are open to the public for hiking boating fishing and hunting. A 27-hole frisbee golf course is located next to the lake. Buffumville Lake is managed as a unit with the nearby Hodges Village Dam flood control project.
 Uinebona River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Mount Okkabake (オッカバケ岳 Okkabake-dake) is a volcano located on the Shiretoko Peninsula in Hokkaido northeastern Japan.
 The Cracu River is a tributary of the Straja River in Romania.
 Lanzenbach (Speltach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Schaeberle is an impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the northeast of the much larger walled plain Milne. Due north of Schaeberle is the relatively fresh crater Izsak and an equal distance to the east-northeast lies Zhiritskiy.This crater has a worn and eroded outer rim. There is a small crater attached to the outer rim along the northwest and an irregular section at the southern end.
 The Dagouein Mountain is an average elevation of 1124 metres (3688 ft) above sea level and much of its territory is mountains.
 The Bruhoaia River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 The Creanga River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
 Dilmun is a region of high albedo on Titan Saturn's natural satellite.
 The River Alne is a tributary of the Arrow and has its headwaters to the north of Wootton Wawen.
 Kõnnu Pikkjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The Do Rocha River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Karkinit Karkinitski or Karkinitsky Bay (Ukrainian: Каркінітська затока Karkinits’ka zatoka; Russian: Каркинитский залив Karkinitskiy zaliv) is a bay of the Black Sea that separates the northwestern Crimean Peninsula from the mainland Ukraine.
 The Erie Canal is a canal in New York that originally ran about 363 miles (584 km) from Albany New York on the Hudson River to Buffalo New York at Lake Erie. It was built to create a navigable water route from New York City and the Atlantic Ocean to the Great Lakes. The canal contains 36 locks and a total elevation differential of about 565 feet (172 m).
 The Călugăru River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 The Frederica River is an 11.0-mile-long (17.7 km) tidal river in Glynn County Georgia. It forms the western boundary of Saint Simons Island of the Georgia Sea Islands. Fort Frederica National Monument is located on the eastern bank of the river on Saint Simons Island.
 The Valea Borii River is a tributary of the Valea Răchiţelii River in Romania.
 Loch Lomond (/ˈlɒxˈloʊmənd/; Scottish Gaelic Loch Laomainn) is a freshwater Scottish loch which crosses the Highland Boundary Fault. It is the largest inland stretch of water in Great Britain by surface area. The loch contains many islands including Inchmurrin the largest fresh-water island in the British Isles. Loch Lomond is a popular leisure destination and is featured in song.
 Mount Selma is a mountain located to the north-east of Aberfeldy in Victoria Australia. Its peak is 1463 metres above sea level. The headwaters of the Aberfeldy River rise on its southerly slopes.
 Nefed'ev is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the southern pole. The crater is located directly adjacent to the Schrödinger crater and East of craters Ganswindt and Idel'son. Nefed'ev was adopted and named after Russian astronomer Anatoly Nefed'ev by the IAU in 2009.
 The Karen Hills also known as Kayah-Karen Mountains are one of the main hill ranges in eastern Burma. They are located at the SW corner of Shan State and in Kayah State a mountainous region where the only relatively flat area is Loikaw the capital. The southern end runs into Kayin State.Myanmar's largest hydropower plant built by the Japanese as war reparation is located in these mountains.
 The Aravis (French: Chaîne des Aravis) is a mountain range in Savoie and Haute-Savoie eastern France. It is part of the French Prealps a lower chain of mountain ranges west of the main chain of the Alps. Its highest summit is the Pointe Percée at 2752m. The orientation of the Aravis is north-south and it stretches from Cluses in the north to Ugine in the south. The Bornes massif sometimes considered part of the Aravis lies to its west.
 The Lufuko River (or Lufuku) is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo that empties into Lake Tanganyika beside the village of Mpala.
 Ai-Petri (Ukrainian: Ай-Петрі Russian: Ай-Петри Crimean Tatar: Ay Petri); (translated from Greek. Saint Peter) is a peak in the Crimean Mountains. For administrative purposes it is in the Yalta municipality of Crimea.The name has Greek origin and is translated as St. Peter (Greek: Άγιος Πέτρος).Ai-Petri is one of the windiest places in Ukraine.
 Young Man Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Young Man Lake is in a cirque immediately east of Flinsch Peak. A series of waterfalls carries waters from the lake to nearby Boy Lake.
 Otisco Lake is one of the minor Finger Lakes located at the eastern end of the Finger Lake District southwest of Syracuse New York.Otisco Lake is approximately six miles (9.8 km) long. The outflow enters first Onondaga Lake via Nine Mile Creek and then Lake Ontario via the Seneca and Oswego Rivers. The lake is the source of water for a district west of Syracuse.At its deepest point the lake is approximately 60 feet in depth.
 Taylor Lake (Hants) is a lake of West Hants in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Bottle Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Bucuriciu River is a tributary of the Dobra River in Romania.
 The Jogeshwari Caves are some of the earliest Hindus and Buddhist cave temples sculptures located in the Mumbai suburb of Jogeshwari India. The caves date back to 520 to 550 CE. According to historian and scholar Walter Spink Jogeshwari is the earliest major Hindu cave temple in India and (in terms of total length) ' the largest'.The caves are located off the Western Express Highway and are surrounded by encroachments. The caves are used as a temple by the encroachers.
 The Karakul or Karakuli (black lake) is a lake located 196 km from Kashgar Xinjiang province China in Akto County Kizilsu Kirgiz Autonomous Prefecture on the Karakoram Highway before reaching Tashkurgan the Khunjerab Pass on the China - Pakistan border and Sost in Pakistan. At an altitude of 3600 m it is the highest lake of the Pamir plateau near the junction of the Pamir Tian Shan and Kunlun mountain ranges.
 Argazi Reservoir (Russian: Аргазинское водохранилище) is a reservoir created on the Miass River (Tobol's basin) in Chelyabinsk Oblast (Russia) in 1946. The Argazi Lake has become a part of the Argazi Reservoir ever since. The reservoir has a surface area of 102 km² and a water volume of 065 cubic km. Its length is 11 km average depth - 65 m. The Argazi Reservoir was created for the benefit of energetics and water supply. It also performs perennial flow regulation.
 Nera River (Russian: Нера) is a river in Sakha Republic Russia and is a right tributary of the Indigirka River. The river is 331 kilometres (206 mi) long and has a drainage basin of 24500 square kilometres (9460 sq mi). The Nera freezes up in October and remains icebound until May - early June. It is formed by the confluence of the Delyankir and Khudzhakh Rivers and reaches its mouth at the Indigirka at the gold mining town of Ust Nera on the Kolyma Highway.
 The Carryduff River (Irish Abhainn Cheathrú Aodha Dhuibh) is a minor river in County Down Northern Ireland. It is not navigable.The river rises in Killinure townland in the boggy ground at the northern base of Ouley Hill (186 metres) and is fed by numerous drainage ditches as it passes through the farmland to the south of the town of Carryduff.
 The Whitefish River is a river in Kenora District in northwestern Ontario Canada. It is in the Hudson Bay and Nelson River drainage basins and is a tributary of the Berens River.
 Eungbongsan is a mountain that sits on the border Samcheok Gangwon-do and Uljin County Gyeongsangbuk-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 999 m (3278 ft).
 The Praslin River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 Agassiz Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. It is named after Louis Agassiz a Swiss-American glaciologist. The glacier is situated in a cirque to the southeast of Kintla Peak west of the Continental Divide. Agassiz Glacier is one of several glaciers that have been selected for monitoring by the U.S. Geological Survey's Glacier Monitoring Research program which is researching changes to the mass balance of glaciers in and surrounding Glacier National Park.
 For the neighborhood see Bitter Lake Seattle.Bitter Lake is a small lake in northwest Seattle Washington USA.The lake covers 19 acres (77000 m²) with a mean depth of 16 feet (5 m) and a maximum depth of 31 feet (9 m). Until 1913 a sawmill was located at its southwest corner. Tannic acid from logs dumped into the lake gave its water a bitter taste and the lake itself a name.
 Bailly is a lunar impact crater that is located near the south-west limb of the Moon. The oblique viewing angle gives the crater a foreshortened appearance and the location near the limb can limit visibility due to libration. The most favorable time for viewing this feature is near the full moon when the terminator is crossing the crater wall.This is the largest crater on the near side of the Moon. In area it is comparable in size to a small mare.
 Tyatya (Russian: Тятя also spelled Tiatia and known as Chachadake (爺爺岳) in Japanese) is a volcano located in the northeastern part of Kunashir Island Kuril Islands Russia. It is the highest peak on the island with an elevation of 1819 metres (5968 ft).
 Schliffkopf is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Göttchesbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Three Sisters is a small mountain range or a mountain with three summits within the northeastern Temescal Mountains in Riverside County California.The Three Sisters is located east and north of Mockingbird Canyon and south of Woodcrest.
 Tonale Pass (Italian: Passo del Tonale) (el. 1883 m./6178 ft.) is a high mountain pass in northern Italy across the Rhaetian Alps between Lombardy and Trentino.It connects Valcamonica and Val di Sole. It is delimited by the Ortler Alps to the north and the Adamello range to the south.The pass plays host to many hotels and shops for tourists in the winter as the land around the pass is used for winter sports - mainly skiing (see Adamello Ski Raid) and snowboarding. 
 Indian Pond is a 66-acre (270000 m2) shallow infertile warm-water pond in Kingston and Plympton Massachusetts west of Route 80 and north of the new U.S. Route 44 highway. The average depth of the pond is three feet. Access to the pond is off Indian Road in Plympton. Fishing is regarded as generally poor due to the acidity of the water and the pond's natural infertility.
 Angel Sar or Angel Peak is a mountain in Karakoram range of Gilgit–Baltistan Pakistan near K2 the second highest mountain on Earth.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Foucault is a small lunar impact crater that lies along the southern edge of Mare Frigoris to the southeast of the crater Harpalus. In the rugged terrain to the south of Foucault is Sharp. The outer perimeter of Foucault forms a somewhat irregular circle with slight outward bulges to the south and northeast. The inner wall of the rim is not notably terraced and slopes down directly to the uneven floor. It is named after physicist Léon Foucault most famous for the Foucault pendulum.
 The Capivari River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lake Bugeac also known as Lake Gârlița is a lake in Northern Dobruja Romania. It is located in a calcareous depression near the Danube the water exchange with the latter being regulated by a weir.Because the lake is an overwintering region located on an important migration route for aquatic birds (the most important being the dalmatian pelican) lake Buceag and the surrounding area have been declared a nature reserve.
 The Anaktuvuk River is a river in Alaska's North Slope. One hundred and thirty-five miles (217 km) long it flows west from glaciers in the Endicott Mountains changing direction just north of Anaktuvuk Pass to flow north to the Arctic Coastal Plain where it joins the Colville River.
 The Turanganui River is a river in the Wellington Region. It flows through the south Wairarapa from its source in the Aorangi Range to reach the Ruamahanga River shortly before the latter's outflow into Palliser Bay.
 Arroyo Las Minas is one of the main tributaries of the San Martín River in southwestern San Martín de Hidalgo municipality in the Mexican state of Jalisco.The river commences from its source near the town of Quila el Grande then flows northeastward toward the community of San Jerónimo where its waters are impounded by the San Jerónimo Dam.
 Langvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Gildeskål in Nordland county Norway. The lake is located about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) southeast of the municipal centre of Inndyr. It sits directly southwest of the large lake Sokumvatnet.
 The Milotina River is a tributary of the Mostiştea River in Romania.
 The Urumea (pronounced [uˈɾumea] or [uɾuˈmea] stemming from Basque ur 'water' + me(he)a 'thin') is a river in the Basque Country at the north of the Iberian Peninsula. It's one of a series of Basque rivers flowing into the Bay of Biscay (Atlantic basin) and best known for being the river flowing to the sea on the city of San Sebastian.
 Sharga River is a river of Mongolia.
 The Ille (French pronunciation: ​[il]) is a small river in Brittany France right tributary of the river Vilaine. It flows into the Vilaine in the city Rennes. The Ille is linked to the river Rance by the Canal d'Ille-et-Rance. By this canal Rennes has a connection with the English Channel coast at St. Malo. The canal is used primarily for tourist boats.The Ille flows through the department Ille-et-Vilaine and the following towns: Montreuil-sur-Ille Betton and Rennes.
 Monte Gleno is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Bețaș River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 The Lonqueador River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Bedford Basin is a large enclosed bay forming the northwestern end of Halifax Harbour on Canada's Atlantic coast. It is named in honour of John Russell 4th Duke of Bedford.
 Lohmühlenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Summit Lake is a lake in the Magpie River system in Unorganized North Part of Algoma District Ontario Canada in the Lake Superior drainage basin. It is about 0.6 kilometres (0.4 mi) long and 0.2 kilometres (0.1 mi) wide lies at an elevation of 376 metres (1234 ft). There are no significant inflows and the primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Bog Lake which eventually flows via Josephine Creek and the Magpie River into Lake Superior.
 Flåvatn is a lake in the municipalities of Nome and Kviteseid in Telemark county Norway. The lake is the easternmost of the connected lakes Bandak Kviteseidvatnet and Flåvatn which are all part of the Telemark Canal. The lake's area is 20.1 km². The outlet is via the river Straumen (Eidselva) to Norsjø.
 The Pirapó River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Enningdalsälven is a river in Sweden and Norway.
 Papaqucha (Quechua papa potato qucha lake potato lake hispanicized spelling Papacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huancavelica Region Huancavelica Province Acobambilla District. It lies south of the lake Warmiqucha.
 Queens Reach is the last arm of the Jervis Inlet and is located within the Coast Mountain Range of British Columbia Canada. This arm was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumber who charted all the of the area and was named after Queen Victoria of England.
 The Tuichi River (in Spanish Río Tuichi) is a river in the Madidi National Park in the north of Bolivia. The Tuichi River flows through the rainforest and joins the Beni River south of Rurrenabaque. One tour company operates in the Tuichi River area. Berraco del Madidi is a Bolivian rainforest ecocamp specializing in multi-day tours in Madidi National Park. They offer activities such as hiking rafting and fishing each led by a professional indigenous guide.
 Black River is a 78.8-mile-long (126.8 km) river in the U.S. state of Michigan flowing mostly northward through four Northern Michigan counties: Otsego Montmorency Presque Isle and Cheboygan. The Black River flows into the Cheboygan River at 45°36′13″N 84°27′47″W just south of the city of Cheboygan. The main branch of the Black River rises in Charlton Township in east-central Otsego County near the boundary with Montmorency County.
 The Omaha River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south to reach the Pacific Ocean at the western end of Whangateau Harbour three kilometres west of Omaha.
 The Séoune (French: la Séoune) is a 65 km (40 mi) long river in the Lot Tarn-et-Garonne and Lot-et-Garonne départements southwestern France. Its source is at Sauzet. It flows generally southwest. It is a right tributary of the Garonne into which it flows between Lafox and Boé near Agen.
 Ellis Lake is a small lake located in Bompas Township in the Timiskaming District of northeastern Ontario Canada. Ellis Lake is both drained by and fed by Sarsfield Creek.The lake is about 500m in diameter. The nearest community is Sesekinika 8.5 km to the east.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Bega Poieni River in Romania.
 The St. Marys River (French: rivière Sainte-Marie) sometimes written as the St. Mary's River drains Lake Superior starting at the end of Whitefish Bay and flowing 74.5 miles (119.9 km) southeast into Lake Huron with a fall of 23 feet (7.0 m). For its entire length it is an international border separating Michigan in the United States from Ontario Canada.The most important area along the river are the rapids and the twin cities of Sault Ste. Marie Ontario and Sault Ste.
 Blerekvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. It lies at the northern base of the mountain Junkerfjellet about 40 kilometres (25 mi) straight east of the town of Mo i Rana.
 Springfield Lake Colchester is a lake of Colchester County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Mararoa River is one of the braided rivers of the Southland Region of the South Island of New Zealand.
 The Wistätthorn (also spelled Wistätthore) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located west of Lenk in the Bernese Oberland.
 The Rammelsberg is a mountain 635 m high on the northern edge of the Harz south of the town of Goslar in the north German state of Lower Saxony. The mountain is the location of an important mine the only mine which had been working continuously for over 1000 years when it finally closed in 1988. Since 1992 the visitors' mine of Rammelsberg has become a UNESCO World heritage site.
 Kotlenik (Serbian Cyrillic: Котленик) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Kraljevo. Its highest peak Veliki vrh has an elevation of 749 meters above sea level.
 The Pârâul Izvorului is a tributary of the Chepeț River in Romania.
 The Naab (Czech: Nába) is a river in Bavaria Germany and is a left tributary of the Danube. It is approx. 165 km (103 mi) long including its main source river Waldnaab.The Naab is formed by the confluence of the Waldnaab and the Haidenaab in Luhe-Wildenau south of Weiden in der Oberpfalz. It flows generally south through the towns Nabburg Schwandorf and Burglengenfeld. It flows into the Danube near Regensburg.
 Q'umir Qucha (Quechua q'umir green qucha lake green lake hispanicized spelling Khomer Khocha) is a small artificial lake in Bolivia south east of Potosí. It is about 0.24 km long and 0.17 km at its widest point. The lake is part of the river basin of the upper Pillku Mayu.Q'umir Qucha is situated in the Anta Q'awa mountain range the southern part of the Potosí mountain range in the Potosí Department in the north of the José María Linares Province.
 The Valea Gorganului River is a tributary of the Turia River in Romania.
 The Valea lui Roman River is a tributary of the Râul Doamnei in Romania.
 Lotru Mountains (Romanian: Munţii Lotrului) are a group of mountains that are part of the Southern Carpathians in Romania. The highest peak is Steflesti Peak at 2.242 kilometres (7356 ft).
 Eidsvatnet is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Høylandet and Overhalla in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The 15.87-square-kilometre (6.13 sq mi) lake lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of Skogmo. The lake empties into the river Bjøra which flows a short distance into the river Namsen.
 The Barra Nova River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Virvatnet (Lule Sami: Viresjávrre) is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. It is located in the southeastern corner of the municipality about 20 kilometres (12 mi) south of Bolna Rana and less than 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of the border with Sweden.
 Sembakung River is a river of Borneo Indonesia.
 The Raška (Serbian Cyrillic: Рашка) is a river in southwestern Serbia a 60 km-long left tributary to the Ibar river. Its historical name is Arzon (Greek: Αρζον).The Raška originates from a strong well and several sinking streams flowing out from the cave south of the Sopoćani monastery in the Pešter region.
 The Valea Adâncă River is a tributary of the Carasu Branch of the Danube-Black Sea Canal in Romania.
 The Dângrêk Mountains (Khmer: ជួរភ្នំដងរែក Chuor Phnom Dângrêk; Thai: ทิวเขาพนมดงรัก Thio Khao Phanom Dong Rak [tʰiw kʰǎw pʰanom doŋ rák]; Lao: Sayphou Damlek) meaning Carrying-Pole Mountains in Khmer is a mountain range forming a natural border between Cambodia and Thailand.
 Dozmary Pool is a small lake on Bodmin Moor Cornwall UK situated 16.9 km/10.5 mi from the sea. It lies about 15 km northeast of Bodmin and 2 km south of Bolventor: it originated in the post-glacial period. The outflow from the pool is into Colliford Lake and is therefore one of the sources of the River Fowey.
 Devils Head elevation 9749 ft (2971 m) is a summit in the Rampart Range of central Colorado. The peak in the Pike National Forest 6 miles (9.7 km) east of Deckers is topped by the Devil's Head Lookout an active U.S. Forest Service fire lookout tower. Access to the summit and lookout tower is via the Devils Head National Recreation Trail.
 Kabira Bay (川平湾 Kabira wan) is located on the north coast of Ishigaki Island Okinawa Prefecture Japan. Renowned for its white sands turquoise waters and dense vegetation the bay forms part of the Iriomote-Ishigaki National Park. Alongside Mount Omoto it has been designated a Place of Scenic Beauty. Black pearls are cultured in the bay.Kabira Village is located near the bay. Its traditional culture was studied by American anthropologists in 1950-52.
 The Cerbu River is a headwater of the Larga Mare River in Romania.
 The Castelo River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Ohra is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Botizu River or Valea Poienii River (Hungarian: Batizi-patak) is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Cena is a small river in Semigallia Latvia the right banks tributary of Misa river. The river starts in Cenas tīrelis swamp in Babīte municipality and ends in Misa river Ozolnieki municipality. Almost in all its length Cena river is rectificated.
 The Bilca Tulbure River is a tributary of the Bilca River in Romania.
 The Poncione dei Laghetti is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located east of Lavertezzo in the canton of Ticino. It lies on the range between the valleys of Verzasca and Leventina.
 The Silverthrone Caldera is a potentially active caldera complex in southwestern British Columbia Canada located over 350 kilometres (220 mi) northwest of the city of Vancouver and about 50 kilometres (31 mi) west of Mount Waddington in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains. The caldera is one of the largest of the few calderas in western Canada measuring about 30 kilometres (19 mi) long (north-south) and 20 kilometres (12 mi) wide (east-west).
 Stanney Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester England. It originates in the Burnage area of Shaw and Crompton and flows through Milnrow into Rochdale before joining the River Roch at Newbold Brow.
 Pilgerbach (Eder) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Lindina River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Dog Mountain rises above the north side of the Columbia River Gorge in the U.S. state of Washington. The base of the mountain is in Skamania County along Washington State Route 14 about 9 miles (14 km) east of Stevenson and 53 miles (85 km) east of Vancouver. From its base at 150 feet (46 m) it climbs steeply to an elevation of 2948 feet (899 m).The mountain is the site of a popular hiking trail that begins on the north side of Route 14 at milepost 53.
 East Side Lake is a 40 acres (16.19 ha) reservoir in Austin Minnesota in western Mower County which is in the southeast part of the state. It is one of two man-made lakes in Mower County (the other is Lake Louise) which is one of only four counties in Minnesota without a natural lake. The majority of the lake is only 5-6 feet deep.
 Munmurra River a perennial river of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales Australia.
 Todd Lakes is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County Ontario Canada.The lake is about 0.5 kilometres (0.3 mi) long and 0.35 kilometres (0.2 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 348 metres (1142 ft) about 13 kilometres (8 mi) northeast of the community of Gunter and 21 kilometres (13 mi) northwest of the community of Cloyne.
 The Sibișel River is a tributary of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 Rumia Lake (or Laghetto Rumia) is a lake at San Roberto Province of Reggio Calabria Calabria Italy.
 Mount Marshall is a mountain located in Essex County New York. Originally named for Governor DeWitt Clinton and then for Herbert Clark it was renamed for wilderness activist Bob Marshall (1901–1939) after his death. Marshall is part of the MacIntyre Mountains.
 The L’Ivrogne River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 Piz Minschun is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps overlooking Scuol in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. From the heights of Scuol (south side) a trail lead to the summit.
 Weilach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Kaldvågvatnet or Kallvågvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. It is located about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) east of the municipal centre Oppeid. The lake Skilvatnet lies immediately east of this lake.
 The Schafsiedel is a 2447 m AA high mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps in Austria. It is one of the highest peaks on the main crest of the Kitzbühel Alps. It also the summit most frequently climbed from the New Bamberg Hut not least because of the 3 mountain lakes that are passed en route: the photogenic lower lake the green middle lake and the rock-rimmed upper lake.About 500 m south of the summit is the Aleitenspitze (2449 m AA) which is relatively easily reached from the Schafsiedel.
 The Heimstock (el. 3102 metres) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Uri and Graubünden. It lies between the Maderanertal (Uri) and the Val Russein (Graubünden). On its northern side lies the Hüfi Glacier.
 Jusi is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake Anza is a recreational swimming reservoir in Tilden Regional Park which is located in the Berkeley Hills above Berkeley California.The lake was created by the construction of the C L Tilden Park Dam in 1938. It was named by the East Bay Regional Park Board in honor of Spanish explorer Juan Bautista de Anza.The lake is open for swimming from May to September. During this time there is an entry fee required lifeguards are on duty and a snack bar is open.
 The Sauk River is a tributary of the Skagit River approximately 45 miles (72 km) long in northwestern Washington in the United States. It drains an area of the high Cascade Range in the watershed of Puget Sound north of Seattle. The river is a popular destination for fly fishing. It is a National Wild and Scenic River.Its two forks rise in the Cascades in eastern Snohomish County in the Glacier Peak Wilderness and join to form the mainstem Sauk River at Bedal.
 Anano River (穴の川 Ana-no-kawa) is a river located in the Minami-ku Ishiyama area of southern Sapporo in Hokkaidō Japan. It is a tributary of the Toyohira River and classified as class A river. It is 9.4 km long and has a catchment area of 8.9 km2.
 Lake Sirena an oval-shaped lake has a surface area of 142.85-acre (578100 m2). It is on the south side of Lake Placid Florida. In fact it is surrounded by the city but most of its shore and most of the lake is outside the city limits. Only a small sliver of the south end of the lake is inside the city of Lake Placid. Part of the west shore and most of the north shore and all the east shore are surrounded by residences. On the northwest and southwest are citrus groves.
 The Elaho River is a c.70 km long river beginning in the Coast Mountains northwest of the towns of Whistler and Pemberton British Columbia. It is a tributary of the Squamish River and is known for its whitewater rafting and kayaking as well as for the intense alpine scenery lining its route.The Elaho is much larger than the Squamish River when it meets with it. The Elaho is often subject to flash flooding.
 Piz Ajüz (2788 m) is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located south-east of Scuol in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Triazza on the range between the Val Triazza and the Val d'Uina.
 The Otamatea River is a river of the Northland Region. A short wide river It flows southwest and could be considered an arm of the northern Kaipara Harbour. The Otamatea is formed by the confluence of the Wairau and Kaiwaka rivers and the North Auckland Line crosses at this point. Almost 300 metres (330 yd) wide at its origin the river widens to 1.8 kilometres (1.1 mi) by its mouth opposite Tinopai.
 The Nădrag River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Valea Padeşului and Valea Cornetului
 Sajasan is a mountain in the counties of Jangheung and Boseong Gangwon-do in South Korean. It has an elevation of 666 m (2185 ft).
 The Valea Zadelor River is a tributary of the Peleş River in Romania.
 The Combin de Corbassière is a mountain in the Pennine Alps located south of Fionnay in the canton of Valais. It is part of the Grand Combin massif and lies on the west side of the Corbassière Glacier.
 Lake Warden is a lake in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. It and its associated wetlands are protected in a nature reserve; they were recognised as being of international importance under the Ramsar Convention through designation of the Lake Warden System on 7 June 1990 as Ramsar Site 485. The lake is also a DIWA-listed wetland.
 Whiteface Mountain is the fifth-highest mountain in New York and one of the High Peaks of the Adirondack Mountains. Set apart from most of the other High Peaks the summit offers a 360-degree view of the Adirondacks and clear-day glimpses of Vermont and even Canada where the skyscrapers of Montreal 80 miles (130 km) away can be seen on a very clear day.
 The Dzoraget (Armenian: Ձորագետ) is a river in the Debeda hydrological region in the Lori region in Northern Armenia. It originates in the Bazum Mountains and flows west to east through spectacular gorges around Stepanavan.
 Wuruma Dam was constructed across the Nogo River in the upper Burnett River Catchment for irrigation & town water supply for Eidsvold Mundubbera and Gayndah.SunWater is undertaking a dam spillway capacity upgrade program to ensure the highest level of safety for our dams is maintained. The spillway will be upgraded in the longer term.
 The Taquaruçu River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Beriain (San Donato in Spanish) is a 1493 metres high peak part of the Basque Mountains range located in the Andia range of western Navarre Spain. Its sharp profile is an iconic image in the Burunda and Barranca valleys that link Vitoria-Gasteiz and Pamplona. The peak is located at the center of the traditional Basque Country provinces.
 The Găurinți River is a tributary of the Topolnița River in Romania.
 Golgi is a tiny lunar impact crater located in the Oceanus Procellarum over 150 kilometers to the north of the crater Schiaparelli. It is a circular cup-shaped impact formation with an interior albedo that is higher than the surrounding dark lunar mare. This crater was previously designated Schiaparelli D before being given a name by the IAU.
 The Squamish River is a short but very large river in the Canadian province of British Columbia. Its drainage basin is 3328 square kilometres (1285 sq mi) in size. The total length of the Squamish River is approximately 80 kilometres (50 mi).
 Guido d'Arezzo is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 66 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Guido d'Arezzo is named for the Italian music theorist Guido of Arezzo who lived from 990 to 1050.
 The Lappach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 The Ganaraska River is a river that bisects the (original) Town of Port Hope Ontario Canada. From its headwaters in the Oak Ridges Moraine it flows into the north shore of Lake Ontario. It is located in the western end of Northumberland County Ontario.It was the source of a significant flood in 1980 that caused considerable damage to the Port Hope downtown area. This event is commemorated with the Float Your Fanny Down the Ganny race held annually in April.
 Scharmbecker Bach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The East Branch Piscataqua River is a 10.2-mile-long (16.4 km) river in Maine. It is a tributary of the Piscataqua River which flows to the Presumpscot River and ultimately to Casco Bay.The East Branch rises between the towns of Yarmouth and North Yarmouth and flows southwest into Cumberland and eventually Falmouth where it joins the Piscataqua just upstream from that river's mouth at the Presumpscot River.
 Port of Corpus Christi is the fifth-largest port in the United States in total tonnage. Port Corpus Christi is located on Corpus Christi Bay in the western Gulf of Mexico with a straight 45-foot-deep (14 m) channel. The port is located close to downtown Corpus Christi in Nueces County Texas but the port is not part of the city or the county. Port Corpus Christi operates without receiving any city county or state tax dollars.
 The Śmieszka is a Polish river a tributary of the Smortawa.
 The Santa Fe River is a tributary of the Rio Grande in northern New Mexico. It starts in the Sangre de Cristo mountain range and passes through the state capital Santa Fe providing approximately 40% of the city's water supply. It is anintermittent stream with two perennial reaches.The river is 46 miles (74 km) long. It was first dammed in 1881 and flows when water is released by the city of Santa Fe from two continuous reservoirs.
 The Bradu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Iffigsee is a lake near Lenk in Canton of Berne Switzerland. The lake is located in the Iffigtal near Rawil Pass. To the south of the lake is the Wildhorn (3248 metres).
 Little Cultus Lake is a natural lake in Deschutes County Oregon United States. Near its larger and more popular twin Cultus Lake to the north on the other side of Cultus Mountain it is located in the Deschutes National Forest in the Cascade Range. Like Cultus Lake it is named after the Chinook Jargon word cultus meaning in vain or worthless.
 The Neagra Șarului River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Faulvatnet (Lule Sami: Låddejávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. The 7.24-square-kilometre (2.80 sq mi) lake is located about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north of the village of Straumen just west of Rago National Park. The water flows out into the Sleipdalselva river and the water is used for power generation at the Lakshola hydroelectric power station.
 Lac de Longemer is a lake in Vosges France. At an elevation of 736 m its surface area is 0.76 km2 (0 sq mi).
 Langvatnet (Lule Sami: Guovddelisjávrre) is a lake in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county Norway. The 14.36-square-kilometre (5.54 sq mi) lake is located northwest of the lake Sijdasjávrre and south of the lake Geitvatnet in the southeastern part of Ballangen about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from the border with Sweden.
 Hawley Lake is a 300-acre (120 ha) lake and place in east-central Arizona in the White Mountain Apache Indian Reservation and has an elevation of 8200 feet (2500 m).The lake is a remnant of Pliocene volcanism on the Mogollon Rim but it has been artificially extended as a reservoir for downstream irrigation plus trout and ice fishing (though an $9 tribal licence is required to fish on the reservation). Its popularity as a recreational area is enhanced by a nearby ski resort.
 Lake Rusałka is an artificial lake in Poznań Poland with an area of 367000 square metres. It was formed in 1943 as a result of the damming of the Bogdanka River. In 1940 thousands of people were executed in the forests surrounding the lake.See also: Rusałka
 Bothkamper See is a lake in Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 25 m its surface area is 1.36 km².
 Jaworniczka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Klikawa.
 Ocalkens Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 674.Ocalkens Lake is just east of Calkens Peak southwest of the Chinese Wall and north of D. O. Lee Peak.
 Floe Lake is a lake in Kootenay National Park British Columbia Canada. The lake is only accessible by a 10.7km hiking trail that leaves from a marked trailhead on highway 93.There is a backcountry campground at the lake as well as a Warden's cabin staffed by Parks Canada.An image of Floe Lake appears on the wall of the International Arrivals at Customs Canada in the Calgary International Airport.
 The Tumurel River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Red Hill volcanic field also known as Quemado volcanic field is a monogenetic volcanic field located in the vicinity of the ghost town of Red Hill in Catron County New Mexico USA. Also known as the Quemado volcanic field Red Hill is 24 kilometers (15 mi) east of the larger Springerville volcanic field and immediately south of the Zuni Salt Lake field. The area is made up of scoria cone and silicic dome fields. The last eruption was 23 ka BP.
 The Wenatchee Mountains are a range of mountains in central Washington State United States of America. A major subrange of the Cascade Range extending east 50 miles (80 km) from the Cascade crest the Wenatchee Mountains separate the drainage basins of the Yakima River from the Wenatchee River. The crest of the range forms part of the boundary between Chelan and Kittitas Counties.
 Edsviken is an elongated narrow inlet of the Baltic Sea running through the Swedish municipalities of Danderyd Solna and Sollentuna. Edsviken ranges from Stocksund and Bergshamra in the south to Edsberg in the north. The inlet is about 7.7 km (4.8 mi) long with an area of approximately 3.6 km2 (1.4 sq mi); its maximum depth is around 20 m (65 ft 7 in).
 Jeyranbatan reservoir (Azerbaijani: Ceyranbatan su anbarı) is an artificial lake in the Absheron Rayon in eastern part of Azerbaijan. It is located between Baku and Sumgayit cities next to Ceyranbatan settlement 20 km away from Baku. In Azerbaijani Jeyranbatan means the place where the gazelle has drowned which refers to an ancient legend related to the naming of city of Sumgayit.
 Trollsteinrundhøe is a mountain just north of Glittertind in Jotunheimen National Park Oppland Norway.
 Matukutūreia (also McLaughlins Mountain) is one of the volcanic cones in the Auckland Volcanic Field. It has a peak 73 metres above sea level and was the site of a pā. The scoria cone was originally crescent-shaped and featured Māori terraces and kumara pits before extensive quarrying reduced it to a pyramid-shaped mound big enough to support the summit water tank for Papatoetoe.
 Cagway Bay as the English called it following their arrival in Jamaica during the invasion of 1655 had been known to the earlier Taino and Spanish occupiers as Caguay or Caguaya bay.The bay in turn got its name from the Taino name for the sand spit now known as the Palisadoes which protects the bay or as it is now known as Kingston Harbour.
 King's Hill is one of the highest points in the county of Hampshire England. It is part of the Hampshire Downs and reaches 218 metres (715 ft) above sea level.King's Hill is situated in the parish of Bentworth. It lies on the Abbey Road between the Hampshire villages of Medstead and Beech. To the northeast is Alton Abbey. Chawton Park Wood lies to the south of the open hilltop.
 Enagh Lough (from Irish Loch Eanach meaning marshy lake[citation needed]) is a pair of lakes in Northern Ireland called East lake and Westlake situated between Judges Road and Temple Road in Maydown County Londonderry.
 The Alunișu River is a tributary of the Ţibleş River in Romania.
 Montalto is the highest peak of the Aspromonte a massif in southern Calabria in southern Italy. Located near Gambarie in the province of Reggio Calabria it has an elevation of 1955 metres (6414 ft) above sea level. It is part of the Aspromonte National Park.
 Ypsilon Mountain elevation 13520 ft (4120 m) is in the Mummy Range of Rocky Mountain National Park in northern Colorado. The mountain along with Mount Chiquita is most easily accessed from a trailhead on Fall River Road to the south.
 The Level Mountain Range also known as Level Mountain is a mountain range in Cassiar Country northwestern British Columbia Canada located just northeast of Callison Ranch southwest of Dease Lake and about 50 km (31 mi) north of Mount Edziza. It consists of a massive shield volcano and lies on the Nahlin Plateau comprising a series of buttes and ridges. The range is lightly glaciated as compared to the Coast Mountains just to the west.
 Selworthy Beacon is a hill and Marilyn of Exmoor in Somerset England. It lies within the boundaries of Exmoor National Park to the north of the village of Selworthy and northwest of Minehead. A road leads to the top where there is a National Trust plaque and a view of the south coast of Wales across the Bristol Channel. The South West Coast Path also climbs the hill and ends slightly shy of the summit.
 The Sciora Dadent (or Sciora di Dentro) (3275 m) is a mountain in the Bregaglia Range of the Alps located south of Vicosoprano in the canton of Graubünden. It is the highest and southernmost summit of the Sciora group.
 Okhta River (Russian: Óхта) is a river in Vsevolozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast and the eastern part of the city of Saint Petersburg Russia. It is the largest right tributary of the Neva river. It joins the Neva 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) upstream of the Neva's mouth within the city limits of Saint Petersburg. The length of the Okhta is 90 kilometres (56 mi) and the area of its drainage basin is 768 square kilometres (297 sq mi). Its largest tributary is the Okkervil River (left).
 The Piatra Rea River is a tributary of the Cimpoiașa River in Romania.
 The Ferenți River is a tributary of the Tigăile River in Romania.
 The Ivaizinho River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Lac d'Avène is a lake at Avène in the Hérault department of France. At an elevation of 430 m its surface area is 1.9 km².
 Weiße Laber is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Obabika lake means = One lake that is almost two (Ojibwa)Obabika Lake is a lake in Northeastern Ontario Canada located west of Lake Temagami in the Temagami region. It straddles the Sudbury-Nipissing District boundary.
 Peters Brook is a tributary of Stony Brook in Mercer County New Jersey in the United States.
 The Duck River 284 miles (457 km) long is the longest river located entirely within the U.S. state of Tennessee. Free flowing for most of its length the Duck River is home to over 50 species of freshwater mussels and 151 species of fish making it one of the most biologically diverse rivers in North America.The Duck River drains a significant portion of Middle Tennessee.
 The Milk River is a river of Jamaica.
 The lake Warfaaz is an artificial lake near the thermal city of Spa in Ardennes in Belgium. The dam was built in 1892 on the Wayai river. The water volume is 360000 m³ and the area is 008 km². It is a tourist attraction with water sports including Pedalo Fishing.
 The Reloca River is a river of Chile.
 Lake Aheru is a lake of Estonia.
 Pokei Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Piz Martegnas is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps overlooking Savognin in Graubünden Switzerland. Piz Martegnas is part of a ski area a chair lift station lies 11 metres below the summit.
 The Pimoreanca River is a tributary of the Ismar River in Romania.
 Tesse is a lake which lies in Lom and Vågå municipalities in Oppland county Norway.
 Cross Fell is the highest point in the Pennine Hills of northern England and the highest point in England outside of the Lake District. The summit at 893 metres (2930 ft) is a stony plateau part of a 12.5 km (7.8 mi) long ridge running North West to South East which also incorporates Little Dun Fell at 842 metres (2762 ft) and Great Dun Fell at 849 metres (2785 ft).
 Mount Sentsū (船通山 Sentsū-zan) also known in English as Sentsūzan is a mountain located on the border of Nichinan Tottori Prefecture and Okuizumo Shimane Prefecture. Mount Sentsū has an elevation of 1142 m (3747 ft) and is one of the highest peaks in the Chūgoku Mountain Range and part of the Hiba-Dogo-Taishaku Quasi-National Park. Mount Sentsū was historically on the border of the ancient provinces of Hōki Province and Izumo Province.
 Gumista River (Georgian: გუმისთა Abkhaz: Гәымсҭа) — is a river in north-western Georgia. It is formed by the joining of the rivers Eastern and Western Gumista. Nourished by snow rain and underground water. The river flows into the Black Sea. The length of the Gumista is 12 km and the drainage basin is approximately 576 km². The average annual discharge of the river is 30m³/s.
 The Golijska Moravica or simply Moravica (Serbian Cyrillic: Голијска Моравица or Моравица) is a river in western Serbia. With a length of 98 km it is the longer headstream of the Zapadna Morava (it forms it with the Đetinja) and thus of the Velika Morava. Its name Moravica means little Morava in Serbian and it also gives its name to the surrounding region and the modern Moravica District of Serbia.
 The Honțișor River is a tributary of the Honțiș River in Romania.
 The Tarcău River (Hungarian: Tarkő) is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.The Hungarian name means baldstone. The Romanian name derives from that.
 The Abrud (Hungarian: Abrud-patak) is a small river in the Apuseni Mountains Alba County western Romania. It is a right tributary of the river Arieş. It flows through the town Abrud and joins the Arieș near Câmpeni. It is fed by several smaller streams including Izbicioara Cerniţa Valea Albă Pârâul Buciumanilor Abruzel and Roșia.
 The Pinotalca River is a river of Chile.
 Kvíslavatn is a lake in Iceland. The lake is situated in the Highlands of Iceland to the west of Sprengisandur highland road and to the south-east of the glacier Hofsjökull. Its surface area is about 20 km².
 Little Murray River (New South Wales) an anabranch of the Murray River and part of the Murray-Darling basin is located in the western Riverina region of south western New South Wales Australia.The river rises northwest of Barham in New South Wales and flows generally northwest before reaching its confluence with the Murray River near Gonn Crossing in Victoria. Little Murray River and the Murray River enclose Campbells Island that forms part of the Campbells Island State Forest.
 Alvin is a small crater lying situated within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) of the planet Mars. It was visited by the Opportunity rover in 2005.
 Taunovo River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Iesle River is a tributary of the Suha Mare River in Romania.
 Nimberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Oneida River in central New York state flows from Oneida Lake to its confluence with the Seneca and Oswego rivers. The Oswego empties the water of the other two rivers into Lake Ontario.
 The Little Doe River is a river located in Carter County Tennessee. It forms from the confluence of Simerly Creek and Tiger Creek near the community of Tiger Valley and runs in a northerly direction alongside U.S. Route 19E until its termination into Doe River just south of the town of Hampton Tennessee.
 Lookout Mountain Oklahoma is located in West Tulsa. Although named Lookout Mountain the mountain is actually a large hill. The east end of the hill overlooks the BNSF trainyard. KTUL a local television station is on Lookout Mountain. To the north of Lookout Mountain are several industrial businesses including the trash-to-energy plant. To the south stretches the community of Red Fork.
 Cesen is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1570 metres.
 The Toyma (Russian: Тойма; Tatar Cyrillic: Туйма Latin: Tuyma) is a river in Udmurtia and Tatarstan Russian Federation a right-bank tributary of the Kama River. Its length is 124 km (84 of them in Tatarstan) and its drainage basin is 1446 km². It origins in Udmurtia and falls to the Kama near Yelabuga Tatarstan.Major tributaries are Vozzhayka Yurashka Karinka Rivers. The maximal mineralization 400-600 mg/l. The maximal water discharge is 533 m³/s (1979). Drainage is regulated.
 San Pedro Creek (Spanish for St.
 Capes Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island west of south end Comox Lake.
 The River Parrett flows through the counties of Dorset and Somerset in South West England from its source in the Thorney Mills springs in the hills around Chedington in Dorset.
 The Frio River is a river in the U.S. state of Texas. The word frio is Spanish for cold a clear reference to the spring-fed coolness of the river.
 The Coxá River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Mount Futamata (二股山 Futamata-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Coolmunda Dam is an embankment dam built across the Macintyre Brook creating the artificial Lake Coolmunda. The lake is situated 13 km east of Inglewood just off the Cunningham Highway on Queensland's Darling Downs. Constructed in 1968 for irrigation and town water the lake holds 69000 ML of water at 100% capacity at an average depth of 4.3 m (14 ft) and has a surface area of 1740 ha.The total catchment area for the lake is 1735 km2 (670 sq mi).
 Lago delle Piane is a lake in the Province of Biella Piedmont Italy. At an elevation of 325 m its surface area is 0.427 km².
 Krebssee is a lake in Kreis Herzogtum Lauenburg Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Clearwater Mountains are part of the Rocky Mountains located in the panhandle of Idaho in the Western United States. The mountains lie between the Salmon River and the Bitterroot Range and encompass an area of 8499 square miles (22012 km2).
 The Nims is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany left tributary of the Prüm. Its total length is 59 km. The Nims originates in the Eifel hills east of the town of Prüm. It flows south through Schönecken Seffern and through the western quarters of Bitburg. The Nims joins the Prüm in Irrel.
 The Río Grande de Santiago is one of the longest rivers in Mexico measuring up 433 km (269 mi) long. The river begins at Lake Chapala and continues roughly north-west through the Sierra Madre Occidental receiving the Verde Juchipila Bolaños and other tributaries. At La Yesca the La Yesca Dam was completed in 2012 and the El Cajón Dam was completed downstream in 2007.
 Miller Mountain is located in the Candelaria Hills of Mineral County Nevada. Borax Smith's board-and-batten cabin where he lived when he discovered a rich borax deposit at nearby Teel's Marsh was located here.
 The Roșior River is a tributary of the Bogonos River in Romania.
 Uummannaq is a 1170 metres (3839 ft) high prominent isolated mountain in northwestern Greenland located on the small Uummannaq Island in the central part of the Uummannaq Fjord. It entirely dominates the landscape of the island its base occupying its entire northern half. Formed of granite and basement gneiss it is the most prominent mountain in the Arctic part of the west coast of Greenland. The mountain is a landmark of Greenland and a tourist magnet often reproduced in art.
 The Valea Frumoasă River is a tributary of the Cireşu River in Romania.
 Medvejie Lake is a long narrow snow-fed lake on Baranof Island just south of Sitka Alaska in the Alaskan Panhandle which drains into Silver Bay 8 miles (13 km) southeast of Sitka on west coast of Baranof Island Alexander Archipelago.
 The Four Mile River also called the Tiropahi River is a river in the Buller District of New Zealand. It arises in the Paparoa Range and flows north-west skirting the northern boundary of the Paparoa National Park to the Tasman Sea at Needle Point
 Kangsha River (Bengali: কংস নদী) (also known as the Kangsai or the Kangsabati) is a river in the northern parts of Mymensingh and Netrakona districts of Bangladesh. The Someshwari is one of the rivers that join it from the north.
 Squaw Lake is a small lake in the eastern Sierra Nevada near the John Muir Trail in John Muir Wilderness. It is located 1.8 miles (2.9 km) west-northwest of Mount Izack Walton and 5 miles (8.0 km) north-northeast of Lake Thomas A Edison. at an altitude of 10315 feet (3144 m). The outflow of Squaw Lake becomes Fish Creek which eventually joins the Middle Fork of the San Joaquin River.
 Briese is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The About this sound Erlenbach is a river in the Palatinate Forest in the (Palatinate region of Rhineland-Palatinate.
 Hundem is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lake Wentworth is located in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire in the town of Wolfeboro. At 3116 acres (12.61 km2) it is the seventh-largest lake located entirely in New Hampshire. Water from Lake Wentworth flows through the short Smith River into Crescent Lake and then over the dam into Lake Winnipesaukee in Wolfeboro.
 Bazavluk is a river in Ukraine and a right tributary of the Dnieper River. It is 157 kilometres (98 mi) long and its basin area is 4200 square kilometres (1622 sq mi). It is shallow and dries up frequently.
 Cameron Run is a 3.0-mile-long (4.8 km) tributary stream of the Potomac River located in the U.S. state of Virginia. A third-order stream it is formed by the confluence of Backlick Run and Holmes Run. It flows eastward from Alexandria and forms the border between Fairfax County and Alexandria before opening into Hunting Creek and then into the Potomac River.
 Puyuhuapi Volcanic Group is a volcanic group of cinder cones located at the head of Puyuhuapi Channel in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile.
 The Belaya (Russian: Бе́лая; Adyghe: Шъхьагуащэ) is a river in the Republic of Adygea and Krasnodar Krai of Russia. It is a tributary of the Kuban River which it joins in the Krasnodar Reservoir). The river is 273 km long with a drainage basin of 5990 km². It has its sources at the main watershed of the Caucasus Mountains.
 Coffee Mill Creek is a 16.6-mile-long (26.7 km) tributary of the Red River in Texas. It is part of the Mississippi River watershed. It flows entirely within Fannin County.
 Asō Bay (浅茅湾 Asō-wan) is a deep fjord that nearly cleaves in two the Japanese island of Tsushima. The bay is notable for its ria coastline with various small islands found in close proximity to the shore. It forms part of the Iki-Tsushima Quasi-National Park. Pearls are cultured and Japanese amberjack are farmed in its waters.
 The Staufenberg is a mountain near Vellmar in Kassel Hesse Germany.
 Jinji Lake (simplified Chinese: 金鸡湖; traditional Chinese: 金雞湖; pinyin: Jīnjī Hú literally Golden Rooster Lake) is a small fresh water lake located in the central part of Suzhou Industrial Park. It occupies an area of 7.18 square kilometers and its average depth is about 2.5 to 3 meters. There are two man-made islands in the lake.
 Redberry Lake is a lake near Hafford Saskatchewan Canada. It is a medium sized saline lake within an area characterized by mostly freshwater aquatic environments. The lake makes up the core protected area of the Redberry Lake (UNESCO) Biosphere Reserve and is a federal bird sanctuary of the same name. A small regional park is situated at the north west corner of the lake.
 Trampas Canyon is a short tributary of San Juan Creek in southern Orange County the U.S. state of California. It rises in forks on steep slopes of the southern Santa Ana Mountains (33.4883597°N 117.5933813°W﻿ / 33.4883597; -117.5933813) and flows north to where it is dammed by Trampas Canyon Dam (USGS San Clemente Quad 7½). Trampas Canyon 1795-006 Dam (33.498359°N 117.587548°W﻿ / 33.498359; -117.587548) forms a small lake that branches into four forks running east-west.
 Ilkley Moor is part of Rombalds Moor the moorland between Ilkley and Keighley in West Yorkshire England. The moor which rises to 402 m (1319 ft) above sea level is famous as the inspiration for the Yorkshire county anthem On Ilkla Moor Baht 'at.
 The Muzambo River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Telegraph Hill (267 metres 876 feet high) is a hill about 1 mile northwest of Minterne Magna and about 10 miles north of Dorchester in the county of Dorset England. Its prominence qualifies it as one of the so-called HuMPs.There is a transmission mast about 600 metres away on the spur to the northeast at High Stoy.
 Garnedd Ugain sometimes referred to as Crib-y-Ddysgl is a mountain in Wales that forms part of the Snowdon Horseshoe. It is the second highest peak in Wales and lies just under one kilometre north of Snowdon itself.Both Garnedd Ugain and Crib-y-Ddysgl appear on the Ordnance Survey's maps of the area.
 The Rukarara River (or Lukarara) is a river in western Rwanda that is a tributary of the Mwogo River in turn a tributary of the Nyabarongo River.It is the most distant headwater of the Nile.
 The Étang de Berre (in Provençal Occitan: estanh de Bèrra / mar de Bèrra according to classical orthography estang de Berro / mar de Berro according to Mistralian orthography) is a lagoon on the Mediterranean coast of France about 25 km north-west of Marseille.
 The Ribeirão das Lajes is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Pigeon Lake is a large lake in central Alberta Canada. It is a popular recreation lake with some shores having sandy beaches and others having steeper banks that are less suitable to beach activities. Pigeon Lake is located close to large communities such as Edmonton Leduc and Wetaskiwin. It lies in two counties Leduc County and Wetaskiwin County and is bounded by Pigeon Lake 138a Indian Reserves.The lake has a total area of 96.7 km2 (37.3 sq mi) and a maximum depth of 9.1 m (30 ft).
 Dykh-Tau or Dykhtau (Russian: Дыхтау Karachay-Balkar: Дых тау which means Jagged Mount) is a mountain located in Kabardino-Balkaria Russia; its peak stands about 5 km (3 mi) north of the border with Georgia. The mountain is the second highest of the Caucasus Mountains after Mount Elbrus.
 Mount Valin is the highest mountain of the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean region (as measured from sea level) in the Canadian province of Quebec. Situated 30 kilometres (19 mi) from Chicoutimi the mountain receives an average of 1200 mm (47 in) of rain and 600 cm (236 in) of snow every year. Mount Valin is an important site used for transmission facilities for radio and television stations in the region.
 The Soloneț River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 West Warwick Reservoir is located in the London Borough of Waltham Forest at Walthamstow. The storage reservoir is part of the Lee Valley Reservoir Chain which supplies drinking water to London. It is owned by Thames Water.
 The Little Signal Hills are a low mountain range in the Transverse Ranges in southeastern Kern County California.
 Peak Mountain also called Copper Mountain est. 730 feet (220 m) is a traprock mountain located in East Granby Connecticut 6 miles (10 km) south of the Massachusetts border and 6 miles west of the Connecticut River. It is part of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border.
 Mount Carlisle is a stratovolcano in Alaska which forms part of the 5 mile (8 km) wide Carlisle Island one of the Islands of Four Mountains which in turn form part of the central Aleutian Islands. Despite its modest summit elevation a small glacier exists high on the western slopes just below the rim of the summit crater.
 Amasing Hill (Indonesian: Bukit Amasing) consists of three small andesitic volcanoes. The volcanic complex is located on Bacan island at the west of Halmahera island Indonesia. The two volcanoes Cakasuanggi and Dua Saudara were constructed in the southeast. The other volcano Sibela Mountains is a metamorphic complex of volcano.
 Tao-Rusyr Caldera (Russian: Тао-Русыр) is a stratovolcano located at the southern end of Onekotan Island Kuril Islands Russia. It has 7.5 km wide caldera formed during a catastrophic eruption less than 10000 years ago (reported ages range from 5550 to 9400 Before Present). The waters of Kal'tsevoe Lake fill the caldera along with a large symmetrical andesitic cone Krenitsyn Peak that rises as an island within the lake.
 Seares is a lunar impact crater located in the northern part of the Moon's far side. It lies to the east-northeast of the walled plain Schwarzschild and to the west of the prominent crater Karpinskiy.The rim of this old crater is worn and battered by impacts and now forms an irregular ring of peaks valleys and ridges about the interior floor. The satellite crater Seares B lies across the northeastern rim. There are small craters across several other parts of the rim.
 The Maquoketa River is a tributary of the Mississippi River approximately 150 miles (240 km) long in northeastern Iowa in the United States. Its watershed covers 1694 square miles (4387 km2) within a rural region of rolling hills and farmland southwest of Dubuque. It is not to be confused with the Little Maquoketa River another distinct direct tributary of the Upper Mississippi River meeting the Big River north of Dubuque.
 Traíra River is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 The Tenniöjoki is a river in Russia and Finland. It begins in Murmansk Oblast in Russia from where it flows into Finnish territory in Lapland region. It is a tributary of Kemijoki and one of its tributaries is Kuolajoki River which also begins on the Russian side of the border and ends in Finland.The river is 73 kilometres (45 mi) long and the area of its watershed is 725 square kilometres (280 sq mi). It starts in a swampy area by the slopes of the Minkeliminturi mountain.
 The Seaca River is a tributary of the Coisca River in Romania.
 The Williamson River of south-central Oregon in the United States is about 100 miles (160 km) long. It drains about 3000 square miles (7800 km2) east of the Cascade Range. Together with its principal tributary the Sprague River it provides over half the inflow to Upper Klamath Lake the largest freshwater lake in Oregon.
 The Grand Pilier d'Angle (4243 m) is a buttress on the southern side of Mont Blanc in the Mont Blanc massif in the Val d'Aosta Italy. The first ascent from the valley was by James Eccles with guides Michel Payot and Alphonse Payot on 30 July 1877 during an ascent of the Peuterey ridge although the summit had been visited on 20 August 1822 by F. Clissold with guides J. M. Couttet M. Bossonney D. Couttet P. Favret and J. B.
 Pinehouse Lake is a lake in northern Saskatchewan Canada. The village of Pinehouse is located on the western shore. The Churchill River flows in from Sandy Lake into the north west end of the lake at McDonald Bay and flows out through the north east end of the lake into Sandfly Lake.
 Le Ritord is a mountain of the Pennine Alps situated near Bourg Saint Pierre in the canton of Valais. It is part of the Grand Combin massif.The mountains overlooks the Boveire Glacier on its north side.
 Leirvasshøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 This article has been expanded with material from the corresponding page in French WikipediaThe lac de Vassivière or Vassivière Lake (Vacivièra in Occitan) one of France's largest lakes is a large man-made reservoir of about 10 square kilometres (2500 acres). It is situated on the Plateau de Millevaches in the départements of Creuse and Haute-Vienne. It is the largest area of water in the Limousin region of France and provides water supplies hydroelectricity and leisure facilities.
 Raven Rocks is spur of Blue Ridge Mountain in Jefferson County West Virginia. The peak is located just north of Jefferson County's border with Clarke County Virginia and west of its border with Loudoun County Virginia. Raven Rocks is formed by the drainage gorges of Rocky Branch Creek to the north and Raven Rocks Creek to the south (both direct tributaries of the Shenandoah River) on the mountains western watershed.
 Como Lake is a 68-acre (280000 m2) lake up to 15.5 feet (4.7 m) deep in St. Paul Minnesota. It along with the neighboring Como Park has been a recreation area for residents of the Twin Cities for more than a century. It was named in 1848 by local farmer Charles Perry. A pavilion sits on the west side of the lake and plays host to theatrical performances and concerts during the warmer months.
 Burgdorfer Aue is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Paltinu River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Neve Peak (7509 feet (2289 m)) is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. Located in the south unit of the park Neve Peak is .66 mi (1.06 km) west of Colonial Peak. The Neve Glacier is just south of Neve Peak while the Colonial Glacier descends from the north slopes of the mountain.
 The Apatiu River is a tributary of the Meleş River in Romania.
 The Great Wicomico River is a 15.2-mile-long (24.5 km) river in the U.S. state of Virginia located approximately 60 miles (97 km) northeast of Richmond. In 1864 during the American Civil War one of the torpedo boats of Admiral David Dixon Porter's fleet ran into the Great Wicomico River and was captured.
 The River De Chute (or de Chute) is a river in Maine and New Brunswick. From the outflow of Lindsay Lake (46°40′22″N 67°47′40″W) in Easton Maine the river runs about 5 miles (8 km) south about half a mile west of the Canada – United States border. The river turns east and crosses into Canada at 46°36′04″N 67°47′18″W. It runs about 3 miles (5 km) to its confluence with the Saint John River.
 The Canal River is a tributary of the Țibău River in Romania.
 The Izbucul River or Valea Izbucului River is a headwater of the Bătrâna River in Romania.
 The Sărand River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede river in Romania
 Wurlsee is a lake in Uckermark Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of its surface area is 1.6395 km². It is located in the town of Lychen.
 The Valea Făgetului River is a tributary of the Misir River in Romania.
 Reston Scar is a fell in the Lake District of Cumbria England. It overlooks the north side of Staveley village and is listed among Alfred Wainwright's Outlying Fells of Lakeland guide. The summit offers good views of the Coniston Fells the Sca Fells and the Langdale Pikes.The main footpath up to the summit from Staveley passes to the south of Kemp Tarn the largest of several ponds on the Scar. The summit is at 834 feet (254 m) and has a cairn.
 Laguna del Laja is a lake located in the Bío-Bío Region of Chile. The lake borders and gives its name to Laguna del Laja National Park.
 Brokers Point or Brokers Nose or Corrimal Peak or Brokers Peak is a point on the Illawarra Range in the state of New South Wales Australia.
 The Piatra River is a tributary of the Negrişoara River in Romania
 Arrakis Planitia is a plain on Titan the largest moon of the planet Saturn. It is located in Titan's southern hemisphere between 74-80° south and 113-134° east within the Mezzoramia region.Arrakis Planitia is named after Arrakis a fictional desert planet that appears in Frank Herbert's Dune novels. The name follows a convention that Titanean plains are named after planets in Herbert's work.
 The Correntes River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Steinkopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Tawa River is a tributary of the Narmada River of central India.
 The Tête de l'Estrop is a mountain in the Alps belonging to the French department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence. It is the highest peak of the Provence Alps and Prealps.
 Porters Pass (elevation 939 metres) is a mountain pass in the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.It is near Lake Lyndon and is located within Korowai/Torlesse Tussocklands Park. State Highway 73 travels through the pass on its route from Springfield to Cass and it is the last mountain pass on the route eastwards from Westland to Christchurch.
 The Potoc-Remetea River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 Hayden Glacier is located in the US state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation between 8800 and 7800 feet (2700 and 2400 m). It is to the northeast of Middle Sister and south of North Sister both of which are extinct volcanoes.
 Phawngpui (Pron: /ˌpʰɔ:ŋˈpʊɪ/) the Blue Mountain of Mizoram is a highly revered peak considered to be the abode of the gods. Phawngpui peak is the highest mountain peak in Mizoram rising about 2157 m high near the Myanmar border in Lawngtlai district the southeast region of Mizoram. Phawngpui peak is famous for orchids and rhododendrons. With spectacular trees and flowers of all colours Phawngpui presents a fairytale view of the blue hazed hills and vales unfolding below.
 The Pârâul Cracul Lung is a tributary of the Rușchița River in Romania.
 The Pangil River (Tagalog: Ilog ng Pangil) also known as the Bambang Hari River is a river system that runs through Pangil Laguna in the Philippines. It is one of 21 River tributaries of Laguna de Bay and is regularly monitored by the Laguna Lake Development Authority(LLDA) through one of its 15 river monitoring stations.The Pangil River sub-basin has a drainage area of 51.14 square kilometers.
 This article is about the river in Mexico. For the river in the U.S. state of Texas see Concho River. For the 1964 Western see Rio Conchos (film).The Río Conchos (Conchos River) is a large river in the Mexican state of Chihuahua. It joins the Río Bravo del Norte (known in the United States as the Rio Grande) at the town of Ojinaga Chihuahua.
 Theon Junior is a lunar impact crater that is located just to the west-southwest of the crater Delambre. It forms a matching pair with Theon Senior only a couple of crater diameters to the north-northwest. The crater is circular and bowl-shaped with a small floor at the bottom of the high sloping interior walls. It is named for Theon of Alexandria a 4th-century Greek astronomer and mathematician. The crater is from the Eratosthenian period which lasted from 3.2 to 1.1 billion years ago.
 The Wolf Mountains el. 4842 feet (1476 m) are a mountain range east of Lodge Grass Montana in Big Horn County Montana.
 The Jungfernsee (translated Virgins Lake) is located north of Potsdam Germany. It was a glacial kettle and is now part of the River Havel which runs along its southeastern shore which is also the only part of its shores that is in Berlin. The rest of the Lake lies in the Potsdam district.
 The Râtul River is a tributary of the Fizeş River in Romania.
 The Hog Ranch Mountains are a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada.
 The Alunișu River is a tributary of the Cracăul Negru River in Romania.
 The Repatu Mare River is a tributary of the Caşin River in Romania.
 The Fuscherkarkopf sometimes also written Fuscher-Kar-Kopf in German and formerly also called the Fuschereiskarkopf is one of the twin peaks of a mountain in the Glockner Group in the centre of the main mountain chain (Mittleren Tauernhauptkamm) in the High Tauern a range in the Austrian Central Alps. The mountain lies right on the border between the Austrian states of Salzburg and Carinthia. The main peak is 3331 metres high but the northwest summit is only 3252 metres high.
 Hatchet Hill est. 510 feet (160 m) is a trap rock ridge located in East Granby Connecticut 11 miles (18 km) northeast of Hartford Connecticut. It is part of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border. The southern edge of the ridge plunges nearly 200 vertical feet (61 m) into the Tariffville Gorge.
 C.J. Strike Reservoir is a reservoir located in southwestern Idaho. Its main recreational features include the C. J. Strike Dam and its 7500-acre (30 km2) reservoir an impoundment of the Snake River and Bruneau River. This in turn provides excellent fishing (both cold and warm water) and boating opportunities along with to a lesser extent camping and hiking.The area is maintained and managed largely by Idaho Power Company which provides free public access.
 The Ayopaya River is a river of Bolivia.
 Wonboyn Lake is a tidal lake situated at the south-east tip of New South Wales in Australia. The nearest commercial centre is the town of Eden.
 Lake Meiktila (Burmese: မိတ္ထီလာကန် [meɪʔtʰìlà kàɴ]) is a lake located near Meiktila Myanmar (Burma). It is 7 miles (11 km) long averages half a mile across and covers an area of 3.5 sq. mile. Mone-Dai dam supplies water to the lake. It is divided into two parts north lake and south lake. It is divided by a bridge across the lake.The lake is an artificial irrigation and water reservoir 7 miles (11 km) long 0.5 miles (0.80 km) wide. Mondai dam supplies water to the lake.
 The About this sound Birkenkopf is a prominent hill in Stuttgart Germany. At an elevation of 511m it is the highest point in the city centre of Stuttgart and is almost 300m higher than the river Neckar on which the city lies. It is in part a Schuttberg an artificial hill built from the ruins and rubble from World War II.During the war 53 Allied bombing missions destroyed over 45% of Stuttgart and nearly the entire city center.
 Lake Chukchagirskoye (Russian: Чукчагирское озеро) is a large freshwater lake in Khabarovsk Krai Russia. It has an area of 366 km² (141 sqmi) and a maximum depth of 6 m (20 ft). Two islands divide the lake to three parts.
 The Deleni River ( Hungarian: Deleni-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureș River in Transylvania Romania.
 Skarvflytindene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Red River or sometimes the Red River of the South is a major tributary of the Mississippi and Atchafalaya rivers in the southern United States of America. The river was named for the red-bed country of its watershed. It is one of several rivers with that name. The Mexicans and Indians on the borders of Mexico are in the habit of calling any river the waters of which have a red appearance 'Rio Colorado' or Red river observed R.B. Marcy in 1853.
 La Cogulla (Figuerola del Camp) is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 785 metres above sea level.
 Mount Edgecumbe is a mountain in the Fiordland National Park in the Southland Region of New Zealand. It is situated on the southern side of Cook Channel an arm of Dusky Sound and is the westernmost of a small mountain range containing several higher but unnamed peaks. There is a small unnamed lake at around 800 metres on the southeastern flank of the mountain.
 The Krottenspitze (2551m) is a mountain in the Allgäu Alps. It is one of the few rocky summits of the main ridge that is visible from Oberstdorf.
 Löbenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Bucaná River (Spanish: Río Bucaná) is a river in the municipality of Ponce Puerto Rico. Río Bucaná has its origin in barrio Machuelo Arriba where it forms at an altitude of 115 feet (35 m). It forms from the confluence of Río Cerrillos and Río Bayagán. It is also fed by Río Portugues during its southernly run. Río Bucaná used to run for some 29.5 kilometers (18.3 mi) prior to canalization and other diversion work by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers.
 Lewis Lake is located in the U. S. state of Wyoming in the southern part of Yellowstone National Park about 4 miles (6.4 km) southeast of Shoshone Lake and approximately 10 miles (16 km) southwest of Yellowstone Lake. Lewis Lake and Shoshone Lake are both located a few miles northeast of the Pitchstone Plateau.The Lewis River is the lake's primary inflow draining south from Shoshone Lake.
 Götzhöhe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Rio Dão (or river Dão) is a Portuguese river that originates in the plateau regions of Trancoso-Aguiar da Beira in the Eirado parish Aguiar da Beira Municipality Guarda District and varies between 714 meters and 757 meters in elevation.It flows in a general NE-SW direction passing through Barragem de Fagilde and crosses or demarcates the limits of the councels of Aguiar da Beira Penalva do Castelo Mangualde Viseu Carregal do Sal Nelas Tondela and Santa Comba Dão.
 Xiamen Bay (simplified Chinese: 厦门湾; traditional Chinese: 廈門灣; pinyin: Xiàmén wān; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ē-mn̂g-ôan) is a partially enclosed bay off the coast of Xiamen Fujian province China and surrounded by Jinmen islands and open waters.
 The River Stour is a river in Warwickshire England. It is a tributary of the Avon which it joins at Stratford-upon-Avon. The source of the River Stour is not as sometimes stated at Traitors Ford south-west of Sibford Gower but at a spring some 3 miles to the east near Highways Farm just south of Swalcliffe in Oxfordshire. It joins the Avon close to Stratford racecourse.The first settlement that the river flows through is the village of Stourton.
 The Nosivolo River is a river in eastern Madagascar and a primary tributary of the Mangoro River. It begins east of Fandriana. The village of Marolambo capital of the Marolambo District in the Atsinanana region is located along the river at the junction with the Sandranamby River.It is an important river in Madagascar due to its biodiversity (including the cichlids Katria katria and Oxylapia polli and Malagasy rainbowfish) which has spurred efforts to protect it.
 Warrior Peaks (12411 feet (3783 m)) is located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Warrior Peaks is on the southern side of the Cirque of the Towers a popular climbing area and is just west of War Bonnet Peak. Warrior Peaks sits along the Continental Divide.
 The Estero Lampa is a river of Chile.
 The Cracu River is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
 Markberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Sofica River is a tributary of the Cracăul Alb River in Romania.
 Reinstorfer See is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 46.9 m its surface area is 0.074 km².
 Punta di Valloprare is a mountain in the Marche Province of Macerata in the Monti Sibillini National Park at 1776 above mean sea level.
 Khunurana (Aymara khunu snowkhunurana highest snow covered peak hispanicized spelling Cunurana) is a mountain in the La Raya mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5420 metres (17782 ft) high. It is situated in the Puno Region Melgar Province Santa Rosa District. Khunurana lies south east the La Raya Pass near the road and rails that connect Cusco and Juliaca.
 Kupa is a small river in northern Lithuania tributary to the Lėvuo River. At first it flows to north but then near Juodupė town turns to the west. It flows through Kupiškis; the name of the city originated from name of the river.
 Keyritty is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the region of Northern Savonia in Finland.
 The Bugheanu River is a headwater of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 Mount Kosvinsky Kamen Kosvinsky Mountain Kosvinsky Rock or Rostesnoy Rock (Russian: Косвинский камень Косьвинский камень Ростесной камень) is a mountain in the northern Urals Sverdlovsk Oblast Russia.Its summit is bare of vegetation with an uneven rocky surface and small lakes fed by melting snow. The Kosva River flows from the mountain hence the name.The Great Soviet Encyclopedia describes Kosvinsky Rock as mountain massif of height 1519 m.
 Larati Lake is a lake in the Cochabamba Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 3585 m its surface area is 1.36 km².
 The White Oak River is a blackwater river approximately 40 mi (64 km) long on the coastal plain of southeast North Carolina in the United States. It empties in the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Valea Vălgului River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
 The Valea cu Apă River is a tributary of the Răcădău river in Romania
 Bangs Lake is a natural glacial lake that is located in Wauconda Illinois. It is named after Justus Bangs the first permanent settler in Wauconda who arrived in the summer of 1836. Justus Bangs reportedly named Wauconda as well supposedly after a Native American Indian character in a story Bangs had read. However some believe that Wauconda was named after an Indian chief who is buried on the southern shore of Bangs Lake.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Pârâul Morii in Romania.
 The Saltoro Mountains are a subrange of the Karakoram Range. They are located in the heart of the Karakoram on the southwest side of the Siachen Glacier one of the two longest glaciers outside of the polar regions.
 Lake Moultrie is the third largest lake in South Carolina covering over 60000 acres (240 km2).
 Saguache Creek /səˈwætʃ/ (also spelled Saquache Creek) is a stream in Saguache County Colorado. The creek flows 88.5 miles (142.4 km) from the confluence of its North and Middle forks before joining San Luis Creek. Saguache Creek is in the San Luis Closed Basin the largest endorheic basin in Colorado.
 The Dumicuș River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Lake Saiko (西湖 Saiko) is the one of the Fuji Five Lakes and located in southern Yamanashi Prefecture near Mount Fuji Japan.It is the fourth of the Fuji Five Lakes in terms of surface area and second deepest with a maximum water depth of 71.1 metres (233 ft).
 The Koyukuk River (Ooghekuhno’ in Koyukon) is a 425-mile (684 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is the last major tributary entering the Yukon before the larger river empties into the Bering Sea.Rising at the confluence of the North Fork Koyukuk River with the Middle Fork Koyukuk River it flows generally southwest to meet the larger river at Koyukuk.
 Kanal III C is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Cameron is a small lunar impact crater that lies across the northwest rim of the crater Taruntius. This formation is circular and cup-shaped with no particular distinguishing features. It was previously designated Taruntius C before being named by the IAU.
 Nayra River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Mothada. Its basin has a maximum length of 32 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 279 km2.
 The Valea Secii River or Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Anieș River in Romania.
 Mount Colden is the eleventh highest peak in the High Peaks of the Adirondack Mountains New York USA.The peak is named after David S. Colden an investor in the McIntyre Iron Works in 1836. The peak was briefly renamed Mount McMartin the next year but the older name persisted. The mountain is known for its distinctive Trap Dike a large crevice running up the center of the mountain which can clearly be seen from Avalanche Lake.There are two maintained trails up Mount Colden.
 The Third East Branch Magalloway River is a 4.0-mile-long (6.4 km) stream in northwestern Maine. It is a tributary of the West Branch Magalloway River which flows to the Magalloway River then the Androscoggin River and ultimately to the tidal Kennebec River and the Atlantic Ocean.
 Hernandez Reservoir is an artificial lake created in by impounding water from the San Benito River in the Diablo Mountain Range of San Benito County California.
 The Bodei River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Haldalshøgdi is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Kali River originates in the Doon Valley and passes through Saharanpur Muzaffarnagar and Bagpat districts before merging with Hindon River (at Barnava Bagpat) which goes on to merge with the Yamuna River near Delhi. The total length of the river from its origin up to its confluence with the Hindon river is 150 km. The river is named Kali possibly because the colour of the river is black (kala in Hindi).
 Gainsborough is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 100 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Gainsborough is named for the English painter Thomas Gainsborough who lived from 1727 to 1788.
 Volcán de Fuego (Volcano of Fire) is an active stratovolcano in Guatemala. It sits about 20 miles (16 kilometers) from the colonial city of Antigua Guatemala one of the Guatemala’s most famous tourist attractions. It has erupted frequently since the Spanish conquest. Fuego is famous for being almost constantly active at a low level. Smoke issues from its top daily but larger eruptions are rare. On August 9 2007 Fuego erupted spewing lava rock and ash.
 The Colquiri River is a river of Bolivia in the La Paz Department.
 The New York – New Jersey Highlands is a geological formation composed primarily of Precambrian igneous and metamorphic rock running from the Delaware River near Musconetcong Mountain northeast through the Skylands Region of New Jersey along the Bearfort Ridge and the Ramapo Mountains Sterling Forest Harriman and Bear Mountain State Parks in New York to the Hudson River at Storm King Mountain.
 The Sașa River is a tributary of the Zlast River in Romania.
 The Valea Strâmbă River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 The Clopotiva River is a tributary of the Ciorani River in Romania.
 Indira Mount is a seabed mountain situated in Antarctic Ocean (which also known as Southern Ocean). Indira Mount was discovered during First Indian Expedition to Antarctica (1981-82) when the team was moving from Mauritius to Antarctica. It was named as Indira Mount after the former Prime Minister of India Mrs. Indira Gandhi by the expedition members.
 Neådalssnota is a mountain in the center of the Trollheimen mountain range. It lies in the municipality of Surnadal in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The mountain Snota lies just to the north just next to the lake Gråsjøen.Neådalssnota due to its large southeastern flank is easily seen among the Trollheimen mountains.
 Kamfers Dam is a privately owned permanent water body of 400 ha situated to the immediate north of Kimberley South Africa. The wetland was originally an ephemeral pan often dry and dependent on rain water. In recent times its water level rose as it received constant runoff and treated water from the growing city of Kimberley.The dam has become a major breeding site for Lesser Flamingos since construction of an artificial island.
 The Little Black River is a 6.1-mile-long (9.8 km) stream in Cheboygan County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It rises in Beaugrand Township at 45°40′28″N 84°35′48″W and flows eastward into Lake Huron in the city of Cheboygan at 45°39′47″N 84°29′21″W less than a mile west of the mouth of the Cheboygan River.Tributaries (from the mouth) (left) South Branch Little Black River (left) West Branch Little Black River↑ ↑ ↑
 Waqwaqucha (Quechua waqwa waqu mayu sunsu Black-crowned Night Heron (Nycticorax nycticorax hoacli Gmel) qucha lake Night Heron lake hispanicized spellings Huajhuacocha Huaj Huacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province Quiquijana District. Waqwaqucha is situated about 10 km northeast of the town Acomayo near the villages Waqwapata (Huaj Huapata) and Qucha K'uchu (Cocha Cucho).
 Pöhlberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Monte Generoso (also known as Calvagione) is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy and between Lake Lugano and Lake Como. The western and southern flanks of the mountain lie in the Swiss canton of Ticino whilst the north-eastern flanks are in the Italian region of Lombardy.The view from the summit of the mountain encompasses the lakes of Lugano Como Varese and Maggiore.
 The Peak Forest Canal is a narrow (7-foot (2.13 m) gauge) locked artificial waterway in northern England. It is 14.8 miles (23.8 km) long and forms part of the connected English/Welsh inland waterway network.
 The Bucoșnița River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Fairview Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada.
 The Whitefish River is a river in southeastern Yukon Canada and is in the Mackenzie River and Arctic Ocean drainage basins. It begins at Balsam Lake adjacent to Lookout Mountain and on the border to the Northwest Territories and flows 115 kilometres (71 mi) south to reach its mouth at the Beaver River which flows via the Liard River to the Mackenzie River.
 Fleißenbach (Czech: Plesná) is a river of Czechia (Karlovy Vary Region) and Germany (Saxony). It is 291 kilometres long and it is a tributary of Ohře. Its source is located in Czechia near Horní Paseky on the southern slope of the Stráž mountain. It crosses the Czech-German border into Germany and then re-enters Czechia near Bad Brambach. Its confluence with Ohře lies southwest of Nebanice.
 Holzbach (Soppenbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 There is also the river Ohre in northern Germany.The Ohře (German: File:Ltspkr.png Eger Czech also: Oharka or Ohara Celtic: Agara Polish: Ohrza) is a 316 km long river in Germany (65 km) and the Czech Republic (251 km) left tributary of the Elbe. The catchment area of the river is 6255 km² of which 5614 km² is in the Czech Republic and 641 km² in Germany.
 Lej da Gravatscha is an artificial lake next to the Inn River near Bever in the Upper Engadin Grisons Switzerland.
 The Ajay River (Pron:/ˈədʒɑɪ/) is a major river in Jharkhand and West Bengal. The word “Ajay” means “not conquered”.
 The Grand River is a river that stretches from northernmost tributary origins between Creston and Winterset in Iowa approximately 226 miles (364 km) to its mouth on the Missouri River near Brunswick Missouri.Its watershed of 7900 square miles (20000 km2) with three-quarters in Missouri makes it the largest watershed serving the Missouri River in northern Missouri.Fort D'Orleans was erected by French explorer Étienne de Veniard Sieur de Bourgmont which is believed to have been at the mouth of the Grand on Missouri River in 1723 (the French named the river La Grande Riviére). 
 The Voievodeasa River is a tributary of the Suceviţa River in Romania.
 The Apies River is a river that flows through the city of Pretoria South Africa. Its source is located just south of the city (south of Erasmus Park) and it flows northward until it drains into the Pienaars River.The river is known as the Apiesrivier in Afrikaans (in which Apies means small monkeys). Nguni-speaking settlers who became known as the Ndebele are thought to have been the first people to recognise the suitability of the Apies River valley as a place to put down roots.
 The Nucet River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The MacDonnell Ranges an interim Australian bioregion are located in the Northern Territory and are a 644 km (400 mi) long series of mountain ranges located in the centre of Australia and consist of parallel ridges running to the east and west of Alice Springs.
 The Gaves réunis is a 9.4 km river in southwestern France connecting Peyrehorade to the Adour at Bec du Gave. It is formed by the confluence of the Gave de Pau and the Gave d'Oloron.
 The Sadovița River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Valea de Pietre River is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 Loch Voil is a small freshwater loch in Scotland. It is a short narrow loch approximately 5 km (3½ miles) in length. It is separated from Loch Doine by fluvial deposits from the Monachyle Burn and is drained at its eastern end by the River Balvaig at Balquhidder. The Loch can be reached by a small single track road from Balquhidder leading to Inverlochlarig.
 Mała Wierzyca is a river of Poland a tributary of the Wierzyca.
 The La Cloche Mountains also called the La Cloche Range are a range of hills in Northern Ontario along the northern shore of Lake Huron near Manitoulin Island. The hills are located in the Canadian Shield and are composed primarily of white quartzite.They extend roughly from La Cloche Provincial Park south of Massey to Killarney Provincial Park southwest of Sudbury.
 Fan Brycheiniog is the highest peak in the Black Mountain region of the Brecon Beacons National Park in South Wales.
 The Crăiești River is a tributary of the Bozieni River in Romania.
 Fløtatinden (also called Trondskjortetinden) is a mountain in the municipality of Nesset in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The summit is a popular ski destination accessed from the east.The mountain is located on the eastern shore of the lake Eikesdalsvatnet and it has a view towards the Mardalsfossen waterfall in the south and the mountain Skjorta in the north. The village of Eresfjord lies about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) to the northwest along the Eira River.
 The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
 Olifants River (Afrikaans: Olifantsrivier) is a river in the Klein Karoo area of the Western Cape South Africa.
 The Gulf of Bahrain is an inlet of the Persian Gulf on the east coast of Saudi Arabia separated from the main body of water by the peninsula of Qatar. It surrounds the islands of Bahrain. The King Fahd Causeway crosses the western section of the Gulf of Bahrain connection Saudi Arabia to Bahrain.ur:خلیج بحرین
 The Palenque River is a river of Ecuador.
 Passade is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Pororari River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest from its sources in the Paparoa Range reaching the Tasman Sea at Punakaiki.
 Piz Alv is a mountain of the Swiss Livigno Alps located south-east of Pontresina in the canton of Graubünden. It lies in the group culminating at Piz Minor.
 The Valea Caldă River is a tributary of the Valea lui Manole River in Romania.
 Lake Peruća or Peruča (Croatian: Jezero Peruča or Perućko jezero) is the second artificial lake in Croatia after Lake Dubrava. It is located in the Split-Dalmatia County.
 The Valea Andreiașului River is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 Monte Sernio is a mountain in the Carnian Alps part of the Eastern Alps with an altitude of 2187 m. It is located together the nearby Creta Grauzaria in the mountain chain between the Val d'Incarojo and the Val Aupa in the province of Udine.
 The Gavião River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Petit Lac Nominingue is a small lake in Southwest Quebec located in the Laurentian Mountains about 55 km by road northwest of Mont Tremblant. It is connected to Grand Lac Nominingue by a small river that travels under a bridge. The village of Nominingue is located between both Lac Nominingue and Petit Lac Nominingue.
 Rock Island Pool is a reservoir on the Columbia River in the U.S. state of Washington. It was created in 1933 with the construction of Rock Island Dam. The reservoir stretches from there upstream to the Rocky Reach Dam.
 Prenj is a mountain range in the Dinaric Alps of southern Bosnia and Herzegovina located in eastern Herzegovina near Mostar Jablanica and Konjic. The highest peak is the Zelena glava at 2115 m (6939 ft) and there are several other peaks of similar height.The name -Prenj- is derived from Perun supreme deity of Slavic mythology.
 Piz Albris is a mountain in the Livigno Alps of the Swiss Alps. It is located in the canton of Graubünden. Its 3166 metre high summit overlooks the Val Bernina.
 Lago Nero is a lake in the canton of Ticino Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.14 km².
 Marie Bay is a fjord on the Northwest tip of Melville Island.Marie Bay lies on the part of Melville Island that is in the Northwest Territories.The Eastern part of the Island is in Nunavut.Oil sands deposits were found in the Marie Bay region.The oil sands deposit are estimated to hold 100 to 250 million barrels of oil.
 The Bowen River is a river in northern Fiordland New Zealand. The river runs south for 8 km before flowing from a hanging valley to become the 162 m Lady Bowen Falls and draining into the head of Milford Sound. The falls are named for Diamantina Bowen wife of George Bowen the fifth Governor of New Zealand.The falls provide electricity for the Milford Sound settlement by feeding a small hydroelectric scheme and are also the water source for the settlement.
 The Gera is a river in Thuringia Germany a right tributary of the Unstrut. It originates in the Thuringian Forest west of Ilmenau. The Gera is formed in Plaue by the confluence of the Wilde Gera and the Zahme Gera. It empties into the Unstrut in Straußfurt. The total length of the Gera (including Wilde Gera) is 85 km. The largest towns along the Gera are Arnstadt and Erfurt. The city Gera is not situated along the river Gera. Along its way Gera River splits up and reunites multiple times.
 Twin Peaks are two prominent peaks along the foothills east of the Santa Cruz Mountains in Santa Clara County California. The peaks are nestled between Uvas Reservoir to the west and Paradise Valley in Morgan Hill to the east. The headwaters for Sycamore Creek rise from the eastern hillsides near these peaks.Although part of the Uvas Reservoir County Park no trails currently lead to the peaks from the park side.
 Lake Wanahoo is a 637-acre (2.6 km2) lake located one mile (1.6 km) north of Wahoo Nebraska. The project in the Sand Creek Watershed will include a dam 639-acre (2.6 km2) lake and recreation area directly north of Wahoo.
 Öjendorfer See is a lake in Billstedt (Öjendorf) Hamburg Germany. Its surface area is 460000 m².
 Hollis Reservoir is a reservoir located in north Trinidad and it supplies Arima Port of Spain and other areas of north Trinidad. It is also the oldest one in the country opened in 1936. It is also a popular tourist attraction. Located about three miles off the Valencia Road is the Hollis Dam the oldest one in the country.
 Hong Lake (Chinese: 洪湖; pinyin: Hóng Hú) is a 348 km2 (134 sq mi) freshwater lake in the municipal region of Jingzhou in central China's Hubei province. Its name originates from: Hong (洪;) vast immense; flood deluge + Hu (湖) lake and is used as the name for the nearby town of Honghu. It is known for its lotus flowers.
 The Frunthorn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking the Zervreilasee in the canton of Graubünden. It is located west of Vals on the ridge between the Val Lumnezia and the Valsertal.
 The Gadsar Lake (Urdu:ﮔﺎﮈﺳﺮ ﺟﮭﻴﻞ ) (Kashmiri:ﻏﺎﮌ ﺳﺁﺭ ) or the Yemsar Lake also called as the lake of flowers is a picturesque alpine high altitude oligotrophic lake in Ganderbal district of Kashmir valley at an elevation of 3600 metres. It has a max. length of 0.85 kilometres and max. width of 0.76 kilometres.
 The Smoky Hills are an upland region of hills in the central Great Plains of North America. They are located in the central United States encompassing north-central Kansas and a small portion of south-central Nebraska. The hills are a dissected plain covered by tallgrass and mixed-grass prairie. The Smoky Hills were formed by sedimentary deposits during the Cretaceous period and consist of chalk limestone and sandstone rock outcroppings.
 The Cross River (Gunflint Lake) is a river of Minnesota.
 Bos (Nahe) is a river of Saarland Germany.
 The Valserhorn (also spelled Valser Horn) is a summit of the Lepontine Alps situated between Vals and Nufenen in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland on territory of both municipalities. With a prominence of 236 meters it is commonly agreed to be an independent peak to higher Bärenhorn (2929m) one mile to its northeast.A popular hike starts at Zervreila passes three remote lakes (Guraletschsee Amperveilsee and Selvasee) and descends via Selva Alp to Vals. Vals is famous for its spa.
 Clove Mountain is a small mountain in Dutchess County New York. Its peak elevation is 1400 feet above sea level. It is the site of a Verizon Wireless cell tower a Dutchess County 911 Radio Repeater and a fire tower that is no longer in service.
 Kupferstrang is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Lake Forsyth (known to Māori as Te Roto o Wairewa) is a lake in the Canterbury region of New Zealand.It is fed by the Takiritawai River a short arm of the Okuti River and exits via a gravel bank into the sea in the vicinity of the small community of Birdling's Flat.State Highway 75 leading to Akaroa and part of the Little River Rail Trail follow the north-western shore of the lake.Wairewa used to be an important for providing tuna [eel]s as food for the Ngai Tahu tribe (indigenous Maori people of South Island). 
 Großer Wummsee is a lake in Landkreis Ostprignitz-Ruppin Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 610 m its surface area is 1.52 km².
 Lake Annis is a lake of Yarmouth District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Big Cypress Creek is an 86-mile-long (138 km) river in Texas. It is part of the Red River watershed with its water eventually flowing to the Mississippi River and ultimately the Gulf of Mexico.It rises in southeastern Franklin County 7 miles (11 km) northwest of Winnsboro and flows generally east becoming the boundary between Titus and Camp counties.
 The Lake Range is a mountain range located in western Nevada in the United States. It is entirely in Washoe County and the southern two-thirds are in the Pyramid Lake Indian Reservation. The range runs north-south for approximately 36 miles (58 km) and a width of generally less than 8 mi (13 km).The range is situated between Pyramid Lake to the west and the dry Winnemucca Lake to the east. To the southeast is the Mud Lake Slough which previously connected Pyramid Lake to Winnemucca Lake.
 Perry River (Kuugjuaq) is a waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It empties into Chester Bay on the southern Queen Maud Gulf.At one time Stephen Angulalik and later Red Pedersen ran a Hudson's Bay Company outpost at Perry River.
 Lake Carnegie is an ephemeral lake in Western Australia. It fills with water only during very rare periods of significant rainfall such as during the huge 1900 floods and in numerous recent tropical wet seasons when the monsoon and tropical cyclones have been moved south by recent climate change.
 Brave Dog Mountain (8468 feet (2581 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 The Codorus Navigation Company based in York in south-central Pennsylvania was formed in 1829 to make a navigable waterway along Codorus Creek from York to the Susquehanna River a distance of 11 miles (18 km).
 The Cheiţa River is a tributary of the Valea Caldă Mare River in Romania.
 The Balta Cucului River is a headwater of the Balta Lungă River in Romania.
 Mersbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Rantekombola (Indonesian: Bulu Rantekombola) is a mountain located in the province of South Sulawesi Sulawesi Indonesia. Some sources claim it is the highest mountain of the island. Other sources state Mount Rantemario located nearby is the highest point.
 Menefee Mountain elevation 8832 ft (2692 m) is a summit 3 mi (4.8 km) southeast of Mancos in Montezuma County Colorado. Other surrounding mountain peaks include: Flint Rock Point Maggie Rock Weber Mountain Caviness Mountain and Red Arrow Dome.
 Lake Hino is a lake of Estonia.
 Baillaud is a lunar crater that is located near the north limb of the Moon. The rim of the crater has been eroded and worn by a long history of impacts leaving a hilly ridge surrounding the interior. The crater Euctemon is intruding into the rim to the northeast and the rim bulges outward to the northwest.
 Mount Ngerchelchuus is the Republic of Palau's highest point located at the border of the states of Ngardmau and Ngaremlengui on the island of Babeldaob.
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Comarnic River in Romania.
 Armstrong Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York named after Thomas Armstrong a local pioneer. The mountain is part of the Great Range of the Adirondack Mountains.Armstrong Mtn.
 The Crowcamp Hills are a mountain range in Harney County Oregon.
 The Inhulets (Ukrainian: Інгулець) or Ingulets (Russian: Ингуле́ц) is a river a right tributary of the Dnieper River which flows through Ukraine. It has a length of 549 km and a drainage basin of 14870 km².The Inhulets has its source in the Dnieper highlands near the city of Kirovohrad in the Ukrainian province of Kirovohrad about 30 km away from the Dnieper river itself with which it flows parallel to.
 The Kassikaityu River is a river of Guyana.
 The topographic isolation of a summit is the great circle distance to the nearest point of equal elevation. Topographic isolation represents a radius of dominance in which the summit is the highest point. Topographic isolation can be calculated for small hills and islands as well as for major mountain peaks. Topographic isolation can even be calculated for submarine summits.
 The Pratudão River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Lake Mishnock is a residential recreational lake in West Greenwich Kent County Rhode Island. It lies immediately north of I-95.
 Lake Tåkern is a lake in Östergötland County Sweden. It is considered one of northern Europe's foremost bird lakes. It is 12 km (7.5 mi) long and 8 km (5 mi) wide with an average depth only 0.8 metres (2.6 ft). The lake lies around 20 km (12.4 mi) west of Mjölby bordering in the west to Omberg. The whole lake with the surrounding beaches has been a nature reserve since 1975.
 Holden is a lake in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The 3.61-square-kilometre (1.39 sq mi) lake lies north of the lakes Lenglingen and Gusvatnet. The municipal center Sandvika is located about 20 kilometres (12 mi) to the north of the lake.
 Peter Pond Lake is a glacial lake in Saskatchewan Canada. It is located in northwestern Saskatchewan in the Boreal Forest and Canadian Shield within the Churchill River drainage basin. It was on the fur trade route to the Methye Portage which connected eastern Canada to the MacKenzie River area. The lake is a long oval tending to the northwest. A peninsula which almost reaches the west shore divides it into Big Peter Pond (the northern two thirds) and Little Peter Pond.
 Catskill Creek is a 46.0-mile-long (74.0 km) tributary of the Hudson River that drains the east northern Catskill Mountains of the U.S. state of New York. From its source at Franklinton Vlaie in Schoharie County it flows southeast through parts of Albany County and Greene County to its mouth at the village of Catskill on the Hudson River.
 Gypsy Peak is a 7325-foot (2233 m) high mountain in the Salmo-Priest Wilderness in the Selkirk Mountains of Pend Oreille County Washington. It is the highest mountain in Eastern Washington.
 Vasquez Pass elevation 11693 ft (3564 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains of Colorado in the United States.
 Streets named after Martin Luther King Jr. can be found in many cities of the United States and in nearly every major metropolis in America. There are also a number of other countries that have honored King including Italy and Israel. The number of streets named after King is increasing every year and about 70% of these streets are in Southern states: Alabama Florida Georgia Louisiana Mississippi North Carolina and Texas.
 Col d'Étache in French (in Italian Colle d'Etiache) is a pedestrian pass (el. 2799 m) across the Cottian Alps. It connects Susa Valley (Province of Turin Italy) and Maurienne (Savoie France).
 Kashinka (Russian: Ка́шинка IPA: [ˈkaʂɨnkə]) is a river in Tver Oblast Russia a left tributary of the Volga River (joining the Volga at the Uglich Reservoir near the town of Kalyazin). The town of Kashin is located along the Kashinka. The Kashinka River is one of the most popular swimming and fishing locations in Kashin during the summer. It mostly flows through rural areas.
 The Țibleș River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Tosorocului is a tributary of the Jidanul River in Romania.
 South Koel River (Hindi: दक्शिणि कोयेल नदी) runs across Jharkhand and Odisha states in India. It originates on the Ranchi plateau a few miles east of Ranchi and conjoins the Belsiangar and Singbum Rivers. The Koel is fed by three streams in Jharkhand namely the North Karo South Karo and Koina. The South Koel enters Odisha and joins with Sankh River at Vedavyas near Rourkela from where it is named as Brahmani.
 Mount Washington is a small mountain in the US state of Washington roughly 30 miles (48 km) east-southeast of Seattle Washington along Interstate 90. It lies on the western margin of the Cascade Range just above the coastal plains around Puget Sound and is southwest of nearby town of North Bend.Once known as Profile Mountain Mount Washington was named due to a cliff resembling a profile of George Washington when viewed from an angle.The hike to the top of Mt.
 Rois-bheinn is the joint highest hill in the Scottish region of Moidart a title it shares with its neighbour Beinn Odhar Bheag.
 Linde is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Lake Charlotte Creek is a river in Texas.
 Monte Settepani is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Alps.
 Lake Rototuna is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Pârâul lui Ilie is a tributary of the Tâmpa River in Romania.
 Thebit is a lunar impact crater located on the southeast shore of Mare Nubium. To the north-northwest is the crater Arzachel and Purbach lies to the south-southwest. To the southwest is the flooded remnants of Thebit P which is actually larger in diameter than Thebit itself.The rim of Thebit is generally circular in outline with a double-notch in the southwest wall. A prominent bowl-shaped crater Thebit A lies across the west-northwestern rim.
 Großer Sternberger See is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. It has a surface area is 2.5 km² and is at an elevation of 8.6 m. It is located just east of the city of Sternberg.
 Greve Lake (Spanish: Lago Greve) is an ice dammed lake in Chile formed by the advance of Brüggen Glacier. It is fed by several glaciers. Lautaro volcano is located in its vicinity.
 The Sunnylvsfjorden is a fjord in Stranda Municipality and Norddal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 26-kilometre (16 mi) long Sunnylvsfjorden is one of the innermost branches of the large Storfjorden. The fjord ranges from 600 to 2000 metres (2000 to 6600 ft) wide and the fjord reaches 452 metres (1483 ft) below sea level at its deepest point just west of Skrenakken near the mouth of the fjord.
 Melawi River is a river of northwestern Borneo Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Kapuas River. The people in upper reaches of the Melawi speak Ot Danum and elsewhere along the river speak variants of the Malay language and the river banks are inhabited by the Malay and Dayak ethnic groups.A major town on the river is Nanga Pinoh the capital of Melawi Regency.
 The Râșca River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Shrewsbury River is a short stream and navigable estuary approximately 8 mi (13 km) long in central New Jersey in the United States.It extends ENE from its head of navigation at Oceanport to its confluence with the Navesink River estuary then entering 1 mi (1.6 km) north in a narrow channel to Sandy Hook Bay at Highlands. The south shore runs about the entire length of the northern border of Long Branch.
 Broadwell Lake sometimes called Broadwell Dry Lake is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California 75 km (47 mi) east of Barstow. Flanked by the Cady Mountains and the Bristol Mountains the lake is approximately 7 km (4.3 mi) long and 2 km (1.2 mi) at its widest point.
 Sierra de Enguera (Valencian: Serra d'Énguera) is a 16.45 km (10 mi) long mountain range in the Canal de Navarrés and Valle de Cofrentes comarcas Valencian Community Spain. Its highest point is Altos de Salomón (1056 m.) in the Caroig Massif. Other important peaks are Palmera (880 m.) Cova Negra (862 m.) and Marc (830 m.).This mountain chain is named after the town of Énguera located to the east of the range.
 The Valea Brusturilor River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Lac d'Estaing is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 1163 m its surface area is 0.086 km².
 The Dan River (Hebrew: דן dan Arabic: اللدان leddan) is the largest tributary of the Jordan river. The sources of the river are multiple springs emerging from Tel Dan along underground fault lines.The river is so named after the Israelite city of Dan which was captured by the Tribe of Dan during the Judges period. The tribe of Dan conquered the city then named Laish and then occupied by Canaanites.
 Indian Lake is a reservoir and unincorporated community situated 509 feet (155 m) above sea level in Denville New Jersey. Snake Hill rises 780 feet (238 m) to its west and Chestnut Hill rises 640 feet (195 m) to its east.
 The Ciron is a left tributary of the Garonne in Gironde Southwest France.
 The Bălescu Mare River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 Orichuna River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Santa Maria River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Postsee is a lake in Kreis Plön Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 20.6 m its surface area is 276.4 ha.
 Sierra de Vicort also known as Sierra de Vicor (Aragonese: Sierra de Bicort) is a 20 km (12 mi) long mountain range in the Comunidad de Calatayud and Campo de Daroca comarcas of Aragon Spain.The ridge is aligned in a NW-SE direction. It stretches southeast of the Sierra de la Virgen in the same direction roughly between Paracuellos de la Ribera and Codos. It is separated from Sierra de la Virgen by the Jalón River valley.
 Gyeryongsan is a mountain located in Geoje South Gyeongsang Province South Korea. It has an elevation of 566 m (1857 ft).
 Stob Coire Easain is a Scottish Munro mountain which reaches a height of 1115 metres (3658 feet) situated 18 kilometres east of Fort William. It stands on the western side of Loch Treig along with its twin the Munro Stob a' Choire Mheadhoin (1105 metres). Collectively the pair are called The Easains or the Stob Corries and stand just one kilometre apart connected by a high col with an approximate height of 965 metres.
 This article is about the reservoir in Washington United States. For the lake in British Columbia Canada see Kokanee Lake.Lake Kokanee also known as Lower Lake Cushman is a 150 acre (607000 m²) reservoir on the North Fork of the Skokomish River in Mason County Washington. The lake is maintained by Cushman Dam No. 2 providing electrical power to the Tacoma Power system.
 Shallow Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. While no trails lead to the lake it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 047.Shallow Lake is northeast of Merriam Peak and upstream of Baker Lake Noisy Lakes and Scree Lakes.
 The Urlatul Mic River is a tributary of the Tărlung River in Romania.
 Spieser is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Chalk Buttes el. 4150 feet (1260 m) is a small mountain range northeast of Powderville Montana in Carter County Montana.
 Tiantang Peak (simplified Chinese: 天堂顶; traditional Chinese: 天堂頂; pinyin: Tiāntáng Dǐng; literally Peak of Paradise) is the highest mountain in Guangzhou China with an altitude of 1210 metres (3970 ft). It is part of Shimen National Forest Park and the border division mountain between Conghua and Longmen County.
 Hunsrück is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 The Somerset Range is a low mountain range comprising the mountains/hills between Nitinat Lake and Barkley Sound's Imperial Eagle Channel on northern Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 203 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 The Whareama River is a river of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally south from its origins west of Castlepoint to reach the Pacific Ocean 40 kilometres east of Masterton.
 The Tormenta River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Commonwealth Mountain is a mountain on Ellesmere Island Nunavut Canada. It lies in western Quttinirpaaq National Park which is the most northerly extent of Canada and is the second most northerly park on Earth after Northeast Greenland National Park.With a height of 2225 m (7300 ft) it is highest point of the Challenger Mountains which in turn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain range.
 Phipps Peak is a mountain in the Sierra Nevada mountain range to the west of Lake Tahoe within the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County California.
 The Jucu River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Grimke is a crater on Venus at latitude 17.2 longitude 215.3. It is 34.8 km in diameter and is named after Sarah Grimké.
 Pfannenstiel (el. 853 metres (2799 ft)) is a wooded mountain respectively a region overlooking the Lake Zürich and Zürcher Oberland in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
 Gauss is a large lunar crater named after Carl Friedrich Gauss that is located near the northeastern limb of the Moon's near side. It belongs to a category of lunar formations called a walled plain meaning that it has a diameter of at least 110 kilometers with a somewhat sunken floor and little or no central massif.
 Kentmere Pike is a fell in the English Lake District rising between the valleys of Kentmere and Longsleddale. It is the highpoint on the ridge between Harter Fell and Shipman Knotts.
 Bolton Mountain is a mountain located in Chittenden County Vermont. Bolton is flanked to the north by Mount Mayo.Bolton Mountain stands within the watershed of Lake Champlain which drains into Canada's Richelieu River the Saint Lawrence River and into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence. The northeast slopes of Bolton Mountain drain into Miller Brook thence into the Little River the Winooski River and into Lake Champlain.
 Syberg is the name of a hill in the Ruhr 244.63 m above sea level (NN) which is part of the Ardey Hills. The Syberg is home to the Hohensyburg the Vincke Tower a monument to Emperor William I and other points of interest.The family name of the House of Syberg is derived from the Syberg.
 The Berlengas River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Schnepfenbach (Mergbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Indian Creek is a tributary of the Elwha River located in Washington in the United States.Indian Creek flows from Lake Sutherland into the former Lake Aldwell. Historically Indian Creek supported runs of several anadromous salmon and trout species including all five species of Pacific Salmon.
 Große Enz is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Michelson is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies along the northeastern outer rim of the huge walled plain Hertzsprung and to the southwest of the crater Kolhörster.This is a heavily eroded crater formation with multiple impacts along the rim edge and within the interior. The rim is roughly circular but has been rendered relatively uneven due to these smaller craters.
 Łysogóry is the largest mountain range in Świętokrzyskie Mountains. It is 25 km long and runs from the Lubrzanka river in the northwest to the area of Nowa Słupia in the southeast.
 The Dent Favre is a mountain in the Bernese Alps located between the Dent de Morcles and the Grand Muveran. Its summit straddles the border between the Swiss cantons of Vaud and Valais.
 The Villalobos River is a river of Guatemala.
 Wes Watkins Reservoir is a reservoir located in central Oklahoma United States between Oklahoma City and Shawnee (in the center of McLoud). Its primary use is recreation especially camping and fishing.Wes Watkins Reservoir was constructed in August 1999 and is considered a relatively young reservoir.
 The Tête de Ran (1422 m) is a mountain of the Jura located south-west of the Vue des Alpes in the canton of Neuchâtel.The summit is easily accessible with a road culminating at 1329 metres. Several ski-lifts are located on the southern slopes.
 The Mohave Valley is a small valley mostly on the east shore of the south-flowing Colorado River in northwest Arizona; the valley borders southeast California's San Bernardino County; also the north of the valley borders extreme southeast Clark County Nevada.
 The Valea lui Băl River is a tributary of the Călata River in Romania.
 The Orga Mare River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
 Diaz Lake elevation 3674 feet (1120 m) is located in the Owens Valley just south of Lone Pine California United States. It covers 80 acres (32 ha).
 The Begena River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Río Negro (Spanish for Black River) is the most important river in Uruguay. It originates in the southern highlands of Brazil just east of Bagé and flows west across the entire width of Uruguay to the Uruguay River. The course of the Río Negro across Uruguay effectively divides the south of the country from the north.
 The Coen River is situated in the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland Australia.The present (1996) Pennefather River (renamed 1894) was originally called the Coen river by Jan Carstenszoon in honour of Jan Pieterszoon Coen Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies. The present Archer River was probably confused by Matthew Flinders with Carstenszoon's Coen River. The Coen River is a tributary of the Archer river and was for a time known as the South Coen River.
 The Condratul River is a tributary of the Pârâul Ţiganului in Romania.
 Lossivatnet (Northern Sami: Loasejávri) is a lake in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. The 6.64-square-kilometre (2.56 sq mi) lake lies east of the village of Elvegård. The water is used for hydroelectric power production.
 Sinan is an impact crater on the planet Mercury 147 kilometers in diameter. It is located at 15.5°N 29.8°W northeast of the crater Yeats and southeast of the crater Li Po. It has one craterlet on the south-southwestern side of the crater floor and it has a symmetrical pit slightly west of the center. Together with a smaller unnamed crater on its southern border the crater Sinan forms a shape similar to that of the spade found in card games.
 Moncong Lompobatang is a mountain in Indonesia. With an elevation of 2874 m it is the second highest peak on the island of Sulawesi behind Mount Rantemario. Moncong Lompobatang is ranked 116th in the world by topographic prominence.There is a small antenna compound at the summit of Moncong Lompobatang along with a triangular pillar and a boulder with the names previous climbers written on it.
 Schweinitz is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Mount Rokkō (六甲山 Rokkō-san) is a name of a group of mountains in Hyōgo Prefecture Japan. This mountain is one of Hyōgo 50 mountains Kinki 100 mountains and also one of the 300 famous mountains in Japan.
 The Bracuí River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Kedron Brook is a creek that flows through the northern suburbs of Brisbane Australia. It starts near the outer suburb of Upper Kedron and flows in an easterly direction. Kedron Brook then meanders through suburbs including Stafford Grange Lutwyche Wooloowin Kalinga Park Toombul and Hendra before it empties into Moreton Bay.For much of its length Kedron Brook is lined with parks and sporting facilities such as bikeways and football fields.
 North Suicide Peak is a 5065 feet (1544 m) mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska located in Chugach State Park.
 The Cibiana Pass (Italian: Passo Cibiana) (1530 m) is a high mountain pass in the southern Dolomites in the province of Belluno in Italy.It connects Val Boite in the east and Val di Zoldo in the west. The pass road is narrow but open year-round. It has a maximum grade of 15%.To the north are Monte Pelmo and Monte Rite.
 The Christmas Mountains are a series of rounded peaks in northern New Brunswick Canada at the headwaters of North Pole Stream and the Little Southwest Miramichi River west of Big Bald Mountain and south of Mount Carleton. The mountains in part separate the Miramichi River watershed from the watersheds of the Serpentine River and the Nepisiguit River.In 1964 Arthur F.
 The Persian Gulf is located in Western Asia between Iran to the northeast and the Arabian Peninsula to the southwest. The Persian Gulf is an extension of the Indian Ocean (Gulf of Oman) through the Strait of Hormuz. The Shatt al-Arab river delta forms the northwest shoreline.The Gulf was a battlefield of the 1980–1988 Iran-Iraq War in which each side attacked the other's oil tankers.
 The Klingenstock (also spelled Chlingenstock) is a mountain of the Swiss Alps located between Stoos and Riemenstalden in the canton of Schwyz.Its summit is accessible by chair lift from Stoos.
 Tycho is a prominent lunar impact crater located in the southern lunar highlands named after the Danish astronomer Tycho Brahe (1546–1601). To the south is the crater Street; to the east is Pictet and to the north-northeast is Sasserides. The surface around Tycho is replete with craters of various sizes many overlapping still older craters. Some of the smaller craters are secondary craters formed from larger chunks of ejecta from Tycho.
 Laguna Seca is a seasonal lake located in south Santa Clara Valley in the Coyote Valley an area critical to wildlife as the narrowest corridor connecting Mt. Hamilton and the Diablo Range on the east to the foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains to the west. It is the largest freshwater wetland in Santa Clara County California and is a component of the Coyote Creek watershed.
 The Dragonja (pronounced [dɾaˈɡoːnja]; Italian: Dragogna) is a 30-kilometre (19 mi) long river in the northern part of the Istrian peninsula. It is a meandering river with a very branched basin and a small quantity of water. It often dries up in summer. It features very diverse living environments and is home to a number of animal and plant species.
 Nobel is a crater that lies on the far side of the Moon. It is located in the northern edge of the vast skirt of ejecta surrounding the Mare Orientale impact basin. Less than three crater diameters to the south of Nobel is the larger crater Elvey and to the west-southwest is the smaller Pease. This is a circular bowl-shaped crater with a worn outer rim. Three smaller craters overlie the northern rim. The interior floor is relatively level and is marked by several small and tiny craterlets.
 The Northern Salzburg Alps (Salzburger Nordalpen in German) are a mountain range located in Austria.
 Olefjorden is a lake in the municipality of Vang in Oppland county Norway.
 The Păltiniș River is a tributary of the Lala River in Romania.
 Forsanvatnet is a lake that lies on the border of the municipalities of Steigen and Hamarøy in Nordland county Norway. The 4.83-square-kilometre (1.86 sq mi) lake lies just south of the Steigen Tunnel in the northeast part of Steigen.
 Leutongey is a shield volcano located in the northern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 The Kilbeck Hills are a low mountain range in the eastern Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County southern California.They are located about 26 miles (42 km) west of the Turtle Mountains and of the BLM's Turtle Mountains Wilderness; and 44 miles (71 km) north northeast of the city of Twentynine Palms.
 Lake Lidzbark (Polish: Jezioro Lidzbarskie German: Lautenburger See) is a lake in Masurian Lake District of Warmia-Masuria Voivodeship of Poland. Lidzbark Welski a town lies at the confluence of the lake and the River Wel.
 Berlage is an old lunar crater that lies in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. The smaller crater Bellinsgauzen is attached to its northern rim and Cabannes is less than one crater diameter to the northwest. To the east-northeast of Berlage is Lemaître.This formation is unusual for the high density of small impact craters that lie across the interior and along the rim especially in the northern half.
 The Larga River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Rocky River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Karambar pass (el. 14250 ft.) is a high mountain pass in Pakistan. It connects Yarkhun River valley in upper Chitral District to the Karambar river valley in Ishkoman tehsil of Ghizer district in Hunza Valley. Sometimes it is misspelled as Karomber or Kromber pass.The pass is one mile to the west of Karambar lake and 2 miles to the south of Dupsuk peak (5748m) that is the meeting point of Pakistan Afghanistan and Pakistan Kashmir.
 Brennsee or Feldsee is a lake in Carinthia Austria.
 The Welland Canal is a ship canal in Ontario Canada connecting Lake Ontario and Lake Erie. Traversing the Niagara Peninsula from Port Weller to Port Colborne the canal forms a key section of the St. Lawrence Seaway enabling ships to ascend and descend the Niagara Escarpment and bypass Niagara Falls.Approximately 40000000 tonnes of cargo are carried through the Welland Canal annually by a traffic of about 3000 ocean and Great Lakes vessels.
 The Mann Ranges are a mountain range in central Australia. It is located in the far northwest of South Australia with a small section running over the border into the Northern Territory. It is part of the geological region known as the Musgrave Block which also includes the Petermann and Musgrave Ranges. Mountains in this region were formed in the Petermann Orogeny (600–550 million years ago).This area is part of the traditional country of the Pitjantjatjara nation.
 Bacon Glacier is a glacier in Juneau City and Borough Alaska US close to the Canadian border. It drains into Bacon Creek. The glacier has an elevation of 2611 feet (796 m) and is located at 58.650°N 133.808°W﻿ / 58.650; -133.808. Like many other place names in Alaska Bacon Glacier also reflects the importance of food to the early prospectors and miners who came up with many of those names.
 The Schmutter is a river in Bavaria Germany a right tributary of the Danube. Its source is 6 km southwest of Schwabmünchen in the Swabia region of Bavaria. It flows north and for several tens of kilometers it flows parallel to the Lech at only a few km west of the Lech. It flows into the Danube near Donauwörth. Towns along the Schmutter include Fischach Neusäß Gablingen and Mertingen.
 Rauher Kulm is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Piz Neir is a mountain of the Albula Alps overlooking Bivio in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the group south of Piz d'Agnel.
 The Zimbroaia River is a tributary of the Coșna River in Romania.
 The Valea Craiului River or Râul Craiului is a headwater of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Passumpsic River is a 22.7-mile-long (36.5 km) tributary of the Connecticut River in Vermont. Though primarily a Caledonia County river it is the only river to flow through all three counties of the Northeast Kingdom.
 The Gearanta River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Zähringer is a small lunar impact crater located near the southeast fringes of Mare Tranquillitatis. To the northeast is the flooded crater Lawrence and to the southeast are the Montes Secchi mountains and the crater Secchi. Farther to the east lies Taruntius. Zähringer is a circular bowl-shaped formation with a small interior floor at the midpoint of the sloping inner walls.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Wrigley Brook is a culverted watercourse in Greater Manchester which flows through Heywood and is a tributary of the River Roch. Originating in the Hareshill area to the South of Heywood it flows northwards and joins the River Roch at Bottom O' th' Brow.
 The Valea Largă River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 Alice Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is one of the largest in the Sawtooth Wilderness and is most easily accessed via the trailhead at Pettit Lake accessed from State Highway 75 via Sawtooth National Forest road 208.The direct route to the lake begins at the trailhead at the end of the Pettit Lake campground.
 Seed Lake is a 240 acre (0.97 km²) reservoir with 13 miles (21 km) of shoreline located in Rabun County in the northeastern corner of Georgia USA. It is the second lake in a series of six lakes that follow the original riverbed of the Tallulah River. Each lake in the chain is created by hydroelectric dams operated by Georgia Power. Lake Seed is sandwiched between the northernmost lake in the series Lake Burton and Lake Rabun.
 The Neck is a mountain in northwestern British Columbia Canada located in Mount Edziza Provincial Park. It is a volcanic feature of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province that formed in the past 1.6 million years of the Pleistocene epoch.The Neck gets its name for the type of volcanic feature it is called a volcanic plug or a volcanic neck. These volcanic landforms are created when magma hardens within a vent on an active volcano.
 Mossdale Caverns is a cave system in the Yorkshire Dales England. It is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of Grassington and east of Conistone where Mossdale Beck sinks at the base of Mossdale Scar. It lies at an altitude of 425 metres (1394 ft) on the eastern flank of Wharfedale and extends south-east beneath Grassington Moor.The cave system is formed within the Middle Limestone of the Yoredale Series.
 Rocche del Reopasso is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines.
 The Nucu River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 Laguna Verde (Spanish for green lake or green lagoon) is a salt lake in the Andes Mountains of Chile. It lies in the Atacama Region (third region) near San Francisco Pass. The volcano Ojos del Salado marks the south border of its basin.High mountains surround the lake. Among them are El Muerto Incahuasi Falso Azufre Peña Blanca Barrancas Blancas El Ermitaño Vicuñas and the already mentioned Ojos del Salado the highest volcano in the world.
 The Fuego River is a river of Argentina.
 Mount Luxmore is a mountain in the South Island of New Zealand and visible from the nearby town of Te Anau. The mountain is 1472 metres (4829 ft) high. It is part of the Kepler Track with the highest point on the track being the slightly lower Luxmore Saddle at a height of 1400 metres (4600 ft).The mountain was named by James McKerrow after Philip Bouverie Luxmoore of Timaru.
 Pyhäjärvi is a lake in Finland. It is the largest lake in the southwestern Finland and is notable for having relatively few islands. Although the lake is eutrophicated it is considered a good fishing lake.
 The Mutu River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 Ögii Lake (Mongolian: Өгий нуур) is a freshwater lake in eastern Arkhangai in central Mongolia. The lake designated as a Ramsar Site of International Importance is known for its fish and for birdlife. It is a stopover point for migrating waterbirds of the family Anatidae. Almost half the lake is less than 3 m deep.There are several ger tourist camps around the lake as well an information and training center.
 Mount Washburn elevation 10243 feet (3122 m) is a prominent mountain peak in the Washburn Range in Yellowstone National Park Wyoming. The peak was named in 1870 to honor Henry D. Washburn leader of the Washburn–Langford–Doane Expedition. The Washburn Range is one of two mountains ranges completely within the boundaries of Yellowstone.
 Caney Creek (Matagorda Bay) is a river in Texas.
 The Raicovacea River is a tributary of the Caraş River in Romania.
 The Panzara-Kan or Panjhra is a river in the Kandesh region of Maharashtra state of India. It is a tributary of the Tapi River. The Panjhra River originates just few kilometers from the small town of Pimpalner tal-sakri in Dhule District. At its headwaters is a small reservoir which was created when the Latipada Dam was constructed.
 Lake Umayo (Spanish: Laguna Umayo) is a lake in the Puno Region of Peru. The shores of the lake house Sillustani burial ground.
 Kampung River is a river in southern West Papua Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Pulau River.
 Mechnikov is an impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located just to the northeast of the much larger walled plain Galois being separated by a stretch of irregular terrain about 20–30 km in width.This is a roughly circular crater that has undergone a moderate amount of impact erosion but is still relatively intact. Attached to the exterior along the northeast are the satellite craters Mechnikov C and Mechnikov D.
 The Piscataqua River (pronounced /pɪs'kæt.ə.kwə/) in the northeastern United States is a 12-mile (19 km) long tidal estuary formed by the confluence of the Salmon Falls and Cocheco rivers.
 The Tamnava (Serbian Cyrillic: Тамнава) is a river in western Serbia. It is a 90 km (56 mi)-long left tributary of the Kolubara River and also gives the name to the surrounding region of Tamnava.
 The Piauí River (Sergipe) is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Beu River or Beiu River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Beu Sec River. It starts at the junction of headwaters Seleştiuţa and Răcăjdianu
 Murphy Lake is a reservoir in Troup County Georgia United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 640 feet (195 m).
 Lac de Servière is a lake in Puy-de-Dôme France. At an elevation of 1202 m its surface area is 0.15 km².
 Joukamojärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Koutajoki main catchment area. It is located in Kuusamo municipality in the region Northern Ostrobothnia in Finland.
 Bradley Mountain 700 feet (210 m) is a traprock mountain located 3 miles (5 km) west of New Britain Connecticut USA in the town of Southington and PlainvilleIt is part of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border.
 Mackoght or Macoght (from Irish: Mac Uchta meaning son of the mountain-breast) also called Little Errigal or Wee Errigal (Irish: an Earagail Bheag) is a 555 metres (1821 ft) tall mountain in County Donegal Republic of Ireland. It is the second most southern and second lowest of the mountain chain called the Seven Sisters by locals. The Seven Sisters are Muckish Crocknalaragagh Aghla Beg Ardloughnabrackbaddy Aghla More Mackoght and Errigal.
 São Miguel River is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil.
 Battlebridge Basin is a canal basin in the London Borough of Islington. It is located off the Regents Canal.
 The Curupara River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Brunnistock is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking the Surenen Pass in the Swiss canton of Uri. With a height of 2952 metres above sea level the Brunnistock is the highest mountain of the range lying north of the Surenen Pass. On the north-west side lies a glacier named Blüemlisalpfirn.The closest locality is Attinghausen on the eastern foot of the mountain.
 The Samambaia River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Aydar Lake (Uzbek: Aydar Ko‘li Айдар кўли; Haydar ko‘li Ҳайдар кўли; alternate spellings: Lake Aydarkul Lake Aidarkul) is part of the man-made Aydar-Arnasay system of lakes which covers an area of 4000 square kilometres (1500 mi²). This system includes 3 brackish water lakes (Aydar Kul Arnasay and Tuzkan) located in the saline depressions of the south-eastern Kyzyl Kum (now in Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan).
 The Buda River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 Crib Goch is described as a knife-edged arête in the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd Wales. The name means red ridge in the Welsh language presumably referring to the serrated ridge and the colour of some of the rocks. The highest point on the arête is 923 metres (3028 ft) above sea level.
 Jonkeri is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It belongs in the Vuoksi main catchment area and is situated in Kainuu region.
 Lennard River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. The river was named on 8 June 1879 by the explorer Alexander Forrest during an expedition in the Kimberley area after Amy Eliza Barrett-Lennard (1852-1897) whom he was to marry on 15 January 1880.The river rises below the King Leopold Ranges and flows in a westerly direction through the Lennard River Gorge and the Windjana Gorge before merging with the Meda River.
 The Pârâul lui Ilie Badea is a tributary of the Racovița River in Romania.
 The Zamoru River is a tributary of the Zam River in Romania.
 Mount Koven (13271 ft (4045 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Mount Koven is the 16th highest peak in Wyoming. The summit is on the Continental Divide in both Shoshone and Bridger-Teton National Forests and it is .75 mi (1.21 km) north-northwest of Gannett Peak. The Gannett Glacier flanks the peak to the east while Minor Glacier is just southwest of the mountain.
 Conchagüita is a volcanic island in Gulf of Fonseca eastern El Salvador.
 The Rotbüelspitz (also spelled Rotbühelspitze) is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located on the border between Austria and Switzerland. It is located north of the slightly higher Isentällispitz.
 Sunfish Pond is a 44-acre (18 ha) glacial lake surrounded by a 258-acre (104 ha) hardwood forest located on the Kittatinny Ridge within Worthington State Forest adjacent to the Delaware Water Gap National Recreation Area in Warren County New Jersey. The Appalachian Trail runs alongside the western and northern edges of the pond. It was created by the Wisconsin Glacier during the last ice age. The pond was declared a National Natural Landmark in January 1970.
 Bass Lake is an man-made lake in Holly Springs North Carolina. The lake is owned by the Town of Holly Springs.Bass Lake was purchased in the 1950s by James Harry Cornell who hosted a fishing club at the private lake. The lake was originally known as Mills Pond. In 1996 Hurricane Fran destroyed Bass Lake Dam and consequently drained the lake; two years later the Town of Holly Springs purchased the lake site for $230000.
 Cleaver Peak (11055 feet (3370 m) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Cleaver Peak is .64 miles (1.03 km) to the NNE of Maidenform Peak. Cirque Lake is immediately east of the peak.
 Seetraun is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Little Presque Isle River is a 21.3-mile-long (34.3 km) tributary of the Presque Isle River on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan flowing to Lake Superior.
 The Valea Hrăii is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 The Ogașu Rogozului is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 The Little River is an 18.8-mile-long (30.3 km) tributary of the Presumpscot River in the U.S. state of Maine. It rises in the northern part of the town of Buxton in York County and flows southeast then northeast into Gorham in Cumberland County. It flows northeast and east across Gorham reaching the Presumpscot at the eastern boundary of the town across from Windham.
 Reitbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Piz d'Esan is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located in Graubünden Switzerland. It is part of the Swiss National Park.
 The White Elster or Weisse Elster (German: Weiße Elster Czech: Bílý Halštrov) is a 257 kilometres (160 mi) long river in central Europe right tributary of the Saale. Its source is in the westernmost part of the Czech Republic near Aš. After a few kilometres it flows into eastern Germany. In Germany it flows through the states of Saxony Thuringia and Saxony-Anhalt. The White Elster flows through the cities of Plauen Greiz Gera Zeitz Pegau and Leipzig.
 Ichinsky (Russian: Ичинский or Ичинская сопка Ichinskaya sopka) is a large stratovolcano located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. At 3607 metres (11834 ft) it is the highest peak of the Sredinny Range the central range of the peninsula.
 Ghost Lake is a glacier fed man-made lake in Western Alberta Canada formed along the Bow River. It is located approximately 45 km west of the city of Calgary and immediately west of Cochrane. The lake lies in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains at an elevation of 1188 m (3898 ft) and is lined on the north shore by Highway 1A. Trans-Canada Highway passes a short distance to the south.
 Tretzevents or Puig de Tres Vents is a mountain of the Canigó Massif Pyrenees Catalonia France. Located between the communes of Cortsaví (Corsavy) and El Tec (Le Tech) Pyrénées-Orientales it has an elevation of 2731 metres above sea level. A secondary 2727 m high summit is located at the limit of the Castell de Vernet (Casteil) commune.
 The Santa Júlia River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Cășăria River is a tributary of the Tărcuța River in Romania.
 The Mariina skála (German: Marienfels) is a 428 m rocky hill in Bohemian Switzerland not far from Jetřichovice (Dittersbach) in the Czech Republic. It was named in the 19th century after Princess Marie Kinsky. Before that the hill was known as the Spitzgestein or Grosser Spitziger.
 Hacha Grande is a mountain on the Canary Island of Lanzarote with an elevation of 562 m (1844 ft) above sea level. Its name is Spanish meaning Large Axe.It is located in the municipality of Yaiza in the south-west of the island near the beach resort of Playa Blanca and the Punta de Papagayo. The mountain makes up part of the highest mountain range on the island Los Ajaches which is designated a Special Protection Area (SPA) under the European Union's Birds Directive.
 Chinameca (also known as El Pacayal) is a stratovolcano in central-eastern El Salvador. It lies north of San Miguel volcano and rises over the town of Chinameca. The volcano is topped by a 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) wide caldera known as Laguna Seca el Pacayal and a satellite cone on the west side Cerro el Limbo rises higher than the caldera rim. Fumaroles can be found on the north side and it has been the site of a geothermal exploration program.
 Netherton Reservoir - otherwise known as Lodge Farm Reservoir - is a canal feeder reservoir in the Netherton district of Dudley England. It opened in 1838 and is now used for watersports as well as supplying water to the canal system.
 Bratan or Catur or Tjatur contains three caldera lakes at the north of Bali island. The volcanic complex covers 11 × 6 km wide area. The largest post-caldera cone within the complex is Gunung Batukaru.
 Lake Carlton is an artificial lake in the Morrison-Rockwood State Park in Whiteside County in northern Illinois.The lake is managed for sport fishing including largemouth and rock bass black crappie channel catfish redear sunfish bluegill muskie and walleye
 Khunurana (Aymara khunu snowkhunurana highest snow covered peak hispanicized spellings Jonorana Kunurana) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5550 metres (18209 ft) high. It is situated in the Puno Region on the border of the provinces Carabaya and Melgar. Khunurana lies south east the mountain Quyllur Puñuna the highest elevation on the Quelccaya Ice Cap.
 The Sous River or Souss River (Arabic: واد سوس‎) is a river in southern Morocco located in the Sous region. It originates in the High Atlas and flows west passing Aoulouz Taroudant Oulad Teima Inezgane and Ait Melloul. It forms a basin which is protected from the desertic climate of the Sahara by the Anti-Atlas mountains and is one of Morocco's most fertile regions.The Aoulouz Dam is the main dam on this river.
 Sunday River is a 14.1-mile-long (22.7 km) river in Oxford County Maine in the United States. It is a tributary of the Androscoggin River which flows east and south to join the Kennebec River in Merrymeeting Bay near the Atlantic Ocean.Sunday River flows from headwaters near Mount Carlo in the Mahoosuc Range.
 Lake Ellsworth is a lake in Caddo and Comanche counties in the state of Oklahoma in the United States. It is shown on the Oklahoma Department of Transportation map as being a fairly large lake south of Apache Oklahoma.Lake Ellsworth has a stream source from East Cache Creek 53 miles (85 km) of shoreline and encompasses 5600 acres (23 km2).
 Körnbach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Mount Boyce is a hill standing approximately 1093 metres (3586 ft) AMSL situated as one of the highest points on a plateau within the Blue Mountains. It is located 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) north of Blackheath in New South Wales Australia.
 The Polița River is a tributary of the Gârda Seacă River in Romania.
 Lutvann is a lake in the recreational area Østmarka in Oslo Norway. It covers an area of 0.39 km² at 205 m elevation.Located just outside the capital city it is a popular site for recreation including swimming and fishing during summer with brook trout in the lake. In the winter there are ski trails along and on the lake. The lake is also used by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints for baptism.
 The Ogașu Greci is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 The Turakina River is a river of the southwestern North Island of New Zealand. It flows generally southwestward from its source south of Waiouru roughly paralleling the larger Whangaehu River and reaches the sea 20 kilometres southeast of Wanganui.
 Pas de Morgins (el. 1369 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps between the canton of Valais in Switzerland and France. It is located at the top of the Val de Morgins which turns off the Val d'Illiez at Troistorrents.The road through the Val de Morgins is marked by a series of hairpin curves.It connects Monthey and Abondance.
 Ungava Bay (French: baie d'Ungava Inuktitut (syllabics/Roman) ᐅᖓᕙ ᑲᖏᖅᓗᒃ/ungava kangiqluk) is a large bay in northeastern Canada separating Nunavik (far northern Quebec) from Baffin Island. The bay is roughly oval-shaped about 260 km (160 mi) at its widest point and about 320 km (200 mi) in length; it has an area of approximately 50000 km2 (19000 sq mi).
 Fort Mountain is a mountain located in Piscataquis County Maine within Baxter State Park. Fort Mountain is flanked to the southeast by North Brother Mountain and to the north by Mullen Mountain. Although officially trailless a well-defined herd path leads to the summit of Fort from North Brother.Fort Mountain stands within the watershed of the Penobscot River which drains into Penobscot Bay.
 Lake Kreda is a man-made lake in the Radovna Valley in northwestern Slovenia. The lake got its name from the chalk (Slovene: kreda) that was mined in the area until 1985. The digging also created a basin which gradually filled with water and the lake appeared.
 North Tenmile Lake is one of a chain of lakes along the Oregon Coast south of the Umpqua River in the United States. The chain includes Tenmile Eel Clear and smaller lakes which drain into the Pacific Ocean via Tenmile Creek. The lake is 8 miles (13 km) south of Reedsport and 1 mile (1.6 km) east of U.S. Route 101 near the community of Lakeside.
 The Cucuieți River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Sandvinvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Odda in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Gornet River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
 The South Branch Sandy River is a short tributary of the Sandy River in Franklin County Maine. From its source (44°46′20″N 70°28′41″W) on Blueberry Mountain in Berlin (Township 6 north of Weld) the river runs 7.4 miles (11.9 km) northeast to its confluence with the Sandy River in Phillips.
 Seifenbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Tobelbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Itucumã River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Buško Blato or Buško Jezero is an accumulation lake located on the south side of Livanjsko Polje and northwest of Duvajnsko Polje in Bosnia and Herzegovina. The name is also a reference to the area surrounding the lake which includes a number of villages of which Prisoje is the largest.The actual lake is elevated 716 m above sea level has an area of 55.8 km² and a total volume of 782 million m³.
 The Pojărel River is a tributary of the Pojaru River in Romania.
 Ben More Assynt (Gaelic: Beinn Mhòr Asaint) is a mountain in Assynt in the far north-west of Scotland 30 kilometres (19 mi) north-north-east of the town of Ullapool. The name translates as big mountain of Assynt and with a height of 998 metres (3274 ft) it is the highest point in the county of Sutherland.The mountain lies in the east of Assynt set apart from the area's better known and more dramatic (but lower) mountains such as Suilven.
 Eidsfjorden is a fjord in the municipalities of Bø Hadsel and Sortland in Nordland county Norway. The 25-kilometre (16 mi) long fjord cuts into the island of Langøya in the Vesterålen archipelago. It branches off of the main Vesterålsfjorden. The innermost part of the fjord is part of Sortland (it was transferred from Hadsel in 1963).
 Grube (Weser) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Not to be confused with Mynydd Graig Goch.Graig Goch is a 586m high hill in the Gwynedd area in Wales and lying within Snowdonia National Park. The hill falls within the communities of Llanfihangel-y-Pennant and Corris the summit being located in the former. The hill takes the form of a NE-SW aligned ridge with a broad top which rise to subsidiary tops either side of the main summit.
 Brasselsberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Peña de Bernal (in English: Bernal's Boulder or Bernal Peak) At 433 m (1421 ft) it is one of the tallest monoliths in the world. Other tall monoliths include the Rock of Gibraltar and Sugarloaf Mountain.
 The Saint Mary River is a cross-border tributary of the Oldman River itself a tributary of the South Saskatchewan River. The Saint Mary together with the Belly River and Waterton River drains a small portion of Montana in the United States to the Hudson Bay watershed in Canada.The river rises as a stream on Gunsight Mountain in Glacier National Park and flows into Gunsight Lake then flows into Saint Mary Lake exits the park and flows on into Lower St.
 The Jamestown Canal (Irish: Canáil Chill Srianáin) bypasses a non-navigable section of the River Shannon between Jamestown and Drumsna in Ireland.The canal is 2.6 km in length and is located in County Roscommon.The Shannon Commissioners constructed the canal in 1848 to replace an earlier smaller canal as part of a widescale upgrade of the Shannon Navigation.
 Baring Mountain or Mount Baring is a peak in the central part of the Cascade Range of Washington United States. It lies about 2 miles (3 km) northeast of the Skykomish River and US Highway 2 at the western edge of the Cascades in the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest. It is about 6 miles (9.7 km) east of Mount Index and the base is accessible via Forest Road 6024 and a 2.2-mile (3.5 km) hike.Baring Mountain was previously known as Mount Index before being renamed in 1917.
 Sinamar River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Indragiri River.
 Arcachon Bay (in French the Bassin d'Arcachon and known locally simply as le Bassin) is a bay of the Atlantic Ocean on the southwest coast of France situated between the Côte d'Argent and the Côte des Landes in the region of Aquitaine. The bay covers an area of 150 km² at high tide and 40 km² at low tide.
 The Nazko River is a tributary of the West Road River one of the main tributaries of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It flows through the Fraser Plateau region west of Quesnel.The name Nazko comes from a Dakelh (Carrier) word meaning river flowing from the south.
 The Sărata River is a tributary of the Meleş River in Romania.
 The Long Pond River (Barbados) is a river of Barbados.
 Gigerwaldsee is a lake in the municipality of Pfäfers in the Canton of St. Gallen Switzerland. The reservoir has a volume of 35.6 million m³ and a surface area of 0.71 km². The arch dam Gigerwald was completed in 1976. It has a height of 147 m.
 Möseke is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Catcha Lake is a Canadian lake located in the central part of Nova Scotia's Halifax Regional Municipality.
 The Paroeira River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 The Igarapé Natal is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Phillipps Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1915 after Phillipps Michael.
 Mount Kasa (笠ヶ岳 Kasa-ga-take) is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains reaching the height of 2897 m (9505 ft). It is situated in Japan's Hida Mountains in Gifu Prefecture and in Chūbu-Sangaku National Park. The shape of the mountain looks like the Umbrella(Kasa-笠) in the triangle. Therefore it became this name. There are many mountains with same name in Japan and this is the tallest.
 The Tête à Pierre Grept is a mountain in the Bernese Alps located between the cantons of Vaud and Valais. It is situated in the region between the Grand Muveran and Pas de Cheville. On the northern side lies the small Glacier de Paneirosse.
 Lake St. Clair (French: Lac Sainte-Claire) is a fresh-water lake that lies between the Canadian province of Ontario and the U.S. state of Michigan. It was named after the Clare of Assisi on whose feast day it was discovered by European explorers. It is part of the Great Lakes system and along with the St. Clair River and Detroit River Lake St. Clair connects Lake Huron (to its north) with Lake Erie (to its south).
 Esselbach (Salwey) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Vil'ev is an eroded lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the west of the much larger crater Chaplygin and to the north of Marconi. Just to the northeast of Vil'ev is the small crater pair of van den Bos and Tamm. Slightly farther to the west is the larger crater pair of Pannekoek and Dellinger.Vil'ev is significantly eroded and the outer rim now forms a somewhat irregular ring of ridges about the interior floor.
 The Jordão River (Portuguese Rio Jordão) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paraná River.
 Downer Glacier is a 2.6-mile-long (4.2 km) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. Trends west with a length of 2.6 mi (4.2 km) in Kora Keen Range 46 mi (74 km) northwest of Valdez. It was named in 1910 by Lawrence Martin for the Milwaukee-Downer College for Women in Milwaukee Wisconsin.
 The Izvorul Negru River or Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 The Pocdol Mountains are a volcanic group of stratovolcanos in the Philippines. The range is also known as the Bacon-Manito Volcanic Group.
 Carr Creek Lake (formerly Carr Fork Lake) located east of Hazard Kentucky along Kentucky Route 15 in Knott County is a 710 acres (3 km2) reservoir created by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1976. Carr Creek Lake's earth and rock fill dam is 130 ft (40 m) tall and 720 ft (219 m) long and the dam is located 8.8 mi (14 km) above the mouth of Carr Fork River a tributary of the North Fork Kentucky River.The lake is the main attraction of Carr Creek State Park.
 The Chocolay River is a 21.7-mile-long (34.9 km) tributary of Lake Superior in Marquette County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It forms at the confluence of its West and East Branches west of Skandia and flows generally north then west to Lake Superior at the village of Harvey 3 miles (5 km) southeast of the city of Marquette.
 The Yachats River (/ˈjɑːhɑːts/ YAH-hahts) is a short river on the central Oregon coast about 60 miles (100 km) west-north-west of Eugene. The name is the native name meaning at the foot of the mountain.The river begins about 12 miles (19 km) east-south-east of Yachats Oregon in steep thick forest a half mile north of Klickatat Mountain and flows northward about three miles (5 km) joins Grass Creek then about 0.4 miles (640 m) later joins with School Fork and turns westward.
 Lysimachia (Greek: Λυσιμαχία) is a lake in Aetolia-Acarnania western Greece. Its area is 13.2 km² its depth is around 9 m. It is fed by the small river Ermitsa and by a canal that connects the lake with the larger Lake Trichonida to its east. Its outflow is the river Dimikos which drains into the river Acheloos. The city of Agrinio lies 6 km to the northeast.
 The Itanhaém River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Warwick Mountain is a mountain in Alberta Canada. It is located south of Warwick Creek in the Athabasca River Valley of Jasper National Park. It stands east of the Chaba Icefield and north of the Columbia Icefield.The mountain was named in 1919 by Arthur O. Wheeler after Warwick Castle in England when he noted the castellated appearance of the mountain and it being situated just 8 km (5.0 mi) north of Mt. King Edward.
 The Pria River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 Gamalama is a near-conical stratovolcano that comprises the entire Ternate island in Indonesia. The island lies off the western shore of Halmahera island in the north of the Maluku Islands. For centuries Ternate was a center of Portuguese and Dutch forts for spice trade which have accounted for thorough reports of Gamalama's volcanic activities.On December 4 2011 Mount Gamalama erupted ejecting material up to 2000 meters into the air.
 The Three Brothers is a rock formation in Yosemite Valley California USA. It is located just east of El Capitan and consists of Eagle Peak (the uppermost brother) and Middle and Lower Brothers.John Muir considered the view from Eagle Peak to be the most beautiful view of Yosemite Valley available.
 Mount Stewart is on the Great Western Divide a sub-range of the Sierra Nevada in California. It is located in Sequoia National Park 2.1 miles (3.4 km) southeast of Triple Divide Peak and 2.7 miles (4.3 km) northwest of Black Kaweah. The High Sierra Trail traverses Kaweah Gap south of the summit and Lilliput Glacier is on the mountain's northern flank.The mountain is named for George W. Stewart editor of Visalia Delta was the leader of a campaign to protect the Big Trees.Francis P.
 Selada da Baleia (Cape Verdean Creole: Selada da Baléa) is a valley in the eastern portion of the island of São Vicente. The mountain are accessed with a rural and unused unearthened road that link with Madeiral and Praia Grande.
 The Taipa River is a river of the northern Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows west then north reaching the south of Doubtless Bay at the township of Taipa.
 Maidu Lake is a small natural freshwater lake in the Cascade Range in eastern Douglas County in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is in the Mount Thielsen Wilderness of the Umpqua National Forest about 15 miles (24 km) west of the community of Chemult.The lake at 5984 feet (1824 m) above sea level is the source of the North Umpqua River. The eastern terminus of the 79-mile (127 km) North Umpqua Trail which follows the river is at Maidu Lake.
 Mount Murphy is a massive snow-covered and highly eroded shield volcano with steep rocky slopes. It is directly south of Bear Peninsula Marie Byrd Land Antarctica. The mountain is bounded by the Smith Pope and Haynes Glaciers.Delineated from aerial photographs taken by US Navy Operation Highjump in January 1947. Named by US-ACAN for Robert Cushman Murphy of the American Museum of Natural History noted authority on Antarctic and sub-Antarctic bird life.
 The Teapa River is a river of Mexico.
 Ohne (Wipper) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Mount Foch is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after Marshall Ferdinand Foch.
 Arabakonak (Bulgarian: Арабаконак) or Botevgrad Pass is a mountain pass through the Balkan Mountains connecting Sofia with Botevgrad and Northern Bulgaria. It has been the site of several important events of the history of Bulgaria.On 22 September 1872 Dimitar Obshti carried out the robbery of an Ottoman postal convoy in the pass an event that would lead to the capture and execution of Vasil Levski.
 McKenzie Mountain is a 3861-foot (1177 m) mountain in western Essex County in the towns of St. Armand and North Elba in the Adirondack Park a unit of the Forest Preserve.The mountain was formerly known as Saddleback due to its shape. There are two trails to the top. One maintained by NYSDEC begins at the Jackrabbit Ski Trail that runs between Saranac Lake and Lake Placid.
 Lake Alaotra (French: Lac Alaotra) is the largest lake in Madagascar located in Toamasina Province in the northern central plateau. Its basin is composed of shallow freshwater lakes and marshes surrounded by areas of dense vegetation. It forms the center of the island's most important rice-growing region. It is a rich habitat for wildlife including some rare and endangered species as well as an important fishing ground.
 The Poço Triste River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The North Branch Little River is a 9.8-mile-long (15.8 km) tributary of the Little River in southern Maine. It is part of the Presumpscot River watershed which flows to Casco Bay in the Atlantic Ocean.The North Branch rises near the center of the town of Standish in Cumberland County and flows east crossing into Gorham. It continues east and then turns southeast joining the Little River 4.4 miles (7.1 km) upstream of that river's mouth at the Presumpscot River.
 The Cruxati River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Rasiva is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located north-west of Brione in the canton of Ticino. It lies on the range east of Monte Zucchero between the Val Redòrta and the Val d'Osura.
 The Dos Pardos River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Paraná River basin and a tributary of the Timbó River.
 The Nieregiș River or Nereghiș River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 Vitongo River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Kohlschütter is a lunar crater that cannot be viewed directly from the Earth as it lies on the Moon's far side. It is located a couple of hundred kilometers to the southeast of the Mare Moscoviense and due south of the smaller crater Nagaoka.
 Seahpo Peak is a subsidiary peak of Mount Shuksan which rises in the U.S. state of Washington. It is located about 2 miles (3.2 km) east of the main peak of Shuksan and rises to about 7441 feet (2268 m). It is located in North Cascades National Park and is part of the North Cascades range.Connected to the main peak by the roughly 7000-foot (2100 m)-high Jagged Ridge Seahpo Peak stands to the north at the headwaters of a headstream of Sulphide Creek a tributary of the Baker River.
 The Swift River is a 25.6 miles (41.2 km) river in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Saco River which flows to the Atlantic Ocean in Maine. The Swift River rises in the township of Livermore New Hampshire on the eastern side of Kancamagus Pass and flows east into a broad valley surrounded by mountains known as the Albany Intervale.
 The Brandenberger Ache River is a 22 km long left tributary of the Inn River in the district Kufstein and flows from North to South to the town of Rattenberg where it merges with the Inn River.
 Whetstone Mountain elevation 12527 ft (3818 m) is a summit in the Gunnison National Forest of western Colorado. The mountain is located 3 mi (4.8 km) south of Crested Butte in Gunnison County .
 The Arandilla is a river found in the southeast of Burgos province Spain. It runs through the following municipalities: Arandilla Baños de Valdearados Brazacorta Coruña del Conde Fresnillo de las Dueñas Hontoria de Valdearados Peñaranda de Duero Quemada San Juan del Monte Tubilla del Lago Vadocondes La Vid y Barrios Zazuar
 Jablunkov Pass (Czech: Jablunkovský průsmyk  Polish: Przełęcz Jabłonkowska ) is a mountain pass in the Beskids located in the elevation of 553 m above sea level in the Czech Republic near the border with Poland and Slovakia.It separates the Moravian-Silesian Beskids and the Silesian Beskids mountain ranges. It is one of the most important transport routes in the Western Carpathians. Road from Žilina to Těšín runs here. Košice-Bohumín railway line also runs here.
 The Elk Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located on the southern edge of Kananaskis on the Alberta-British Columbia border.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Ten Mile Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Tonga River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Renun River is a river in southern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Simpang-kiri River.
 Mount Kedros (Greek: Όρος Κέντρος) is a mountain on the island of Crete in Greece. It is located southwest of the Ida massif with which it forms the two flanks of the Amari Valley. Mount Kedros is conical-shaped and made of limestone. Its landscape abounds with canyons and rock cliffs and is almost barren with dry scrubs and phrygana being the major forms of vegetation.
 The Burha River (also called Burhaghagh River) flows through the Latehar district of Palamu division in the Indian state of Jharkhand.A little to the south of Betla National Park is the wide bowl shaped Chhechhari valley with a high hill range around it. The rim of the bowl forms the watershed from which dozens of rivulets arise. These join together to form the Burha river one of the major tributaries of the North Koel.Chhechhari valley is surrounded by lofty hills on every side.
 Caguán River (Spanish pronunciation: [kaˈɣwan]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 Arbach (Neckar) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Juma River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Fyresvatn (or Fyresvatnet) is the fifth deepest lake in Norway with a depth of 377 m. It is located in Fyresdal municipality part of Telemark county.Fyresvatn belongs to the Arendal watershed and discharges via the Fyreselv river into the Nidelva river which flows into the Skagerak at Arendal in the county of Aust-Agder.
 Standhope Peak at 11878 feet (3620 m) above sea level is the fourth highest peak in the Pioneer Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest and Custer County. It is the 20th highest peak in Idaho and about 0.75 mi (1.21 km) northeast of Peak 11887 and 1 mi (1.6 km) southwest of Altair Peak.
 Osterbach (Fulda) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Snoqualmie Lake is a lake in King County Washington. It is an expansion of the Taylor River and is located a short distance downstream from Deer Lake. It is the largest of the three lakes along the upper reaches of the Taylor.The lake can be accessed by hiking up the Snoqualmie Lake Trail which starts 0.2 miles from the end of the Taylor River Trail. The trail is steep with several washouts.
 The Micuș River or Micești River is a tributary of the Hăşdate River in Romania.
 Black Tusk is a stratovolcano and a pinnacle of volcanic rock in Garibaldi Provincial Park of British Columbia Canada. At 2319 m (7608 ft) above sea level the upper spire is visible from a great distance in all directions. It is particularly noticeable from the Sea-to-Sky Highway just south of Whistler British Columbia. Distinctive and immediately identifiable the Black Tusk is among the best known mountains in the Garibaldi Ranges of the Coast Mountains.
 The Kiamichi River is a river in southeastern Oklahoma. A tributary of the Red River its headwaters rise on Pine Mountain in the Ouachita Mountains near the Arkansas border. From its source in LeFlore County Oklahoma it flows approximately 177 miles (285 km) to its confluence with the Red River south of Hugo Oklahoma.
 Mary River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise south of Mount Angelo approximately 25 km south of Halls Creek the river then flows in a westerly direction through Oollumarra Soak and discharges into Margaret River of which it is a tributary.Mary River has nine tributaries including; Laura River Willy Willy Creek Garden Creek Hangman Creek and Janet Creek.The river was named in 1884 when the area was explored by a government survey party led by Harry Johnston who named it after his mother Mary Johnston (1822-1893) the daughter of Marshall Waller Clifton and Elinor Bell.The traditional owners of the areas around the river are the Djaru and Konejandi peoples.
 Pettit is a lunar impact crater that lies near the western limb of the Moon. In this location the crater is viewed nearly from the side by observers on Earth and visibility can be significantly affected by libration effects.The crater lies among the rugged features of the Montes Rook the inner ring of mountains that surround the Mare Orientale impact basin. It is nearly a twin of the crater Nicholson which lies less than one crater diameter to the northeast.
 Blackbrook Reservoir is a large body of water near Shepshed Leicestershire in England. The reservoir was constructed in 1796 in order to feed the Charnwood Forest Canal which has long since vanished. The first dam constructed was an earthworks one and this failed on February 20 of 1799. In eleven minutes the reservoir was empty and as a result local farmland was ruined sheep were drowned and much of Shepshed and nearby Loughborough were affected by flood waters.
 Dome Mountain el. 9826 feet (2995 m) is a mountain peak in the southern section of the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park.
 Tonetta Lake (also known as Lake Tonetta) is a freshwater lake located in the town of Southeast New York north of the village of Brewster. Lake Tonetta has the only public beach in Southeast accessible to town residents and their guests. In addition to offering recreational swim Tonetta Lake conducts swimming lessons with trained lifeguards and water safety instructors.
 Mount Kenpi (剣尾山 Kenpi-san) is a 784 m (2572 ft)　mountain of Hokusetsu Mountains located in Nose Ōsaka Japan. This mountain is one of Osaka 50 mountains Kinki 100 mountains. This mountain is a part of Hokusetsu Natural Park.
 The Broaga River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Scheuereckberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Ribeirão Auila is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Loch Ossian (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Oisein) is narrow loch that is about 5 km long on the north eastern edge of Rannoch Moor on The Corrour Estate with its western corner 2 km east of Corrour railway station. It is drained by the River Ossian flowing north into Loch Guilbinn and ultimately to the River Spean at Moy.Loch Ossian is remote from public roads and the nearest access is from Corrour railway station.
 Totensee (or Totesee) is a small natural lake (0.18 km²) at the Grimsel Pass in the canton of Valais Switzerland. It is used as a reservoir and drained into Grimselsee. In November 2006 the lake's entire trout population died possibly due to algae.The name Totensee (also: Lake Toten literally Lake of the Dead) is said to be derived from soldiers of Duke Berchtold V of Zähringen driven into the lake by the people of Valais.
 Unkenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The St. John's River is a distributary of the Kaweah River in the San Joaquin Valley of California in the United States. The river begins at a diversion dam at McKay's Point about a mile west of Lemon Cove. The distributary flows west along the north side of the city of Visalia where it joins Elbow Creek continuing west to Cross Creek.Water from this distributary historically flowed into Tulare Lake as did water continuing down the main channel of the Kaweah.
 Burgsee is a lake at Schwerin Nordwestmecklenburg Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 37.8 m its surface area is 0.111 km².
 The Fulfirst is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps located north of Flums in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies in the Alvier group between the Walensee and the Rhine Valley.The Fulfirst has two summits: the Gross Fulfirst (2384 m) and the Chli Fulfirst (2372 m).
 The Whanganui River is a major river in the North Island of New Zealand. For many years it was known in some records as the Wanganui River however the river's name officially reverted to Whanganui in 1991 according with the wishes of local iwi. Part of the reason was also to avoid confusion with the Wanganui River in the South Island.
 Tskhouk-Karckar or Qarqar is a group of pyroclastic cones which is located in the central part of the Siunik volcanic ridge at the border of Armenia and Azerbaijan 60 km SE of Lake Sevan.
 Jamboaye River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.
 The Chang La (el. 5360 m or 17590 ft) is a high mountain pass in Ladakh India. It is the third highest motorable road in the world.The Chang La is on the route to Pangong Lake from Leh. The name literally means Pass towards the South or Pass in the South (Chang = south La = Pass). It is falsely claimed that the pass is named after the supposed sadhu Changla Baba a myth propagated by the dedication of a temple at the pass to the supposed Changla Baba.
 The Castaly River is a river of New Zealand. It is located in north Canterbury to the northwest of the township of Parnassus and flows generally east for eight kilometres before joining the Leader River itself a tributary of the Waiau River.
 Aurach (Rednitz) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The River Thaw (Welsh: Afon Ddawan) (also Ddaw) is a river in the Vale of Glamorgan south Wales. At 20 kilometres/12.4 miles it is the longest river entirely in the Vale of Glamorgan.
 The Dore is a 141 km long river in central France (département Puy-de-Dôme) right tributary of the river Allier. Its source is near the town Saint-Germain-l'Herm in the Massif Central. The Dore flows generally north through the following towns: Arlanc Ambert Courpière Puy-Guillaume. The Dore flows into the river Allier 6 km north of Puy-Guillaume.
 Romero Creek originally El Arroyo de Romero is a tributary stream of the San Joaquin River. Its source drains the slopes of the Diablo Range within the Central Valley of California USA.The Creek has its source in Stanislaus County in a canyon a half mile east of Bone Spring Hill 2509 feet high near Eagle Spring about 12 1/2 miles from its mouth just east of where it emerges from the foothills in Merced County shortly ending where it meets the Delta Mendota Canal.
 Tarrenhendre is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales. It is one of the Marilyns in the Cadair Idris group.Lying to the south of Cadair Idris it and its neighbour Tarren y Gesail form the bulk of the Tarren subgroup. The Tarrens rise from the south shore of the Tal-y-llyn Lake and end at the Dyfi estuary.The summit is heathery and boggy and has a small cairn to mark the highest point.
 The Weida is a non-navigable river in eastern Thuringia Germany left tributary of the Weiße Elster. Most of its course is situated in the district of Greiz.The Weida's source is near Pausa in Saxony; it then flows through the Thüringer Schiefergebirge passing Zeulenroda-Triebes and through the eponymous Weida. It then feeds into the Weiße Elster near Wünschendorf. Its tributaries include the Auma and the Leuba.
 Downs Mountain (13349 ft (4069 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Downs Mountain is the 15th highest peak in Wyoming. The summit is on the Continental Divide in both Shoshone and Bridger-Teton National Forests. The East Torrey Glacier is on the northern slopes of Downs Mountain while Continental Glacier lies to the west and north and the Downs Glacier is 1 mi (1.6 km) to the south.
 The Gross Ruchen is a mountain in the Glarus Alps overlooking the Brunnital south of Unterschächen in the canton of Uri. It is located between the higher Gross Windgallen on the west and the Chli Ruchen on the east.The north face is very steep and is linked with that of the Gross Windgällen. On the east flanks is the Ruchenfirn a glacier lying between 2600 and 3100 metres.
 The Cioha River or Țoha River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 Mount Putnik is a mountain located north of Three Isle Creek and west of the Kananaskis River in Peter Lougheed Provincial Park Alberta Canada. The mountain is named after the Serbian Field Marshal Radomir Putnik.On Saturday 29 September the Ravna Gora Serbian Heritage Society unveiled a plaque to commemorate Radomir Putnik on the mountain.
 The Hectors River is a river of Jamaica.
 Hayfork Creek is a tributary of the South Fork Trinity River in Northern California in the United States. At over 50 miles (80 km) long it is the river's longest tributary and is one of the southernmost streams in the Klamath Basin.
 The Valea Limpede River is a tributary of the Săsar River in Romania.
 The Hoggar Mountains (Arabic: جبال هقار‎ Berber: idurar n Ahaggar) also known as the Ahaggar are a highland region in central Sahara or southern Algeria along the Tropic of Cancer. They are located about 1500 kilometres (930 mi) south of the capital Algiers. The region is largely rocky desert with an average altitude of more than 900 metres (3000 ft) above sea level. The highest peak Mount Tahat is at 2908 metres (9541 ft).
 The Araparera River is a small river in the Auckland Region New Zealand. It flows west into a southeastern arm of Kaipara Harbour.
 Mount Davis is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is located along Montalban Ridge a series of summits extending south from Mount Washington in the White Mountains.Mount Davis is named after the Davis family of Massachusetts a political dynasty whose members over 220 years have held at least 20 federal and state elected offices throughout New England.
 The Arroyo Seco meaning dry stream in Spanish is a 24.9-mile-long (40.1 km) seasonal river canyon watershed and cultural area in Los Angeles County California.
 The Rapoldi-Weiher lies in the park with the same name in the district Pradl in Innsbruck. It was erected as recreation area. With an area size of 1.5 ha the Lake is a larger waters in the city area. The Lake possesses an artificial feed pipe which takes the water from the Sill River subterraneously and supplies the Lake with it. An outflow with 70 metres length leads the water back into the river. Nevertheless the Lake is soiling more and more.
 The Râul Mic is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Großer Bärenberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Lespedea River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 The Mangaorino River is a river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North island. It is a tributary of the Mangapu River which it meets 10 kilometres north of Te Kuiti.
 White Run is a Pennsylvania stream which flows along the Gettysburg National Military Park (East Cavalry Field) and is an eponym of the Rock Creek-White Run hospital complex for field hospitals of the Battle of Gettysburg. The run's mouth is at Rock Creek near the Trostle Farm along the Sachs Road site of a hospital east of Round Top Pennsylvania.
 Büsching is a lunar impact crater that is located in the crater-covered southern highlands of the Moon. The similar-sized crater Buch is located adjacent to its southwestern rim and further to the southwest lies Maurolycus.This crater has been eroded by a long history of subsequent impacts so that the rim has been worn down and the edge rounded. Several small craterlets lie along the edge of the rim and there is a tiny crater on the interior floor near the east-southeastern rim.
 The Panamint Range is a short rugged fault-block mountain range on the northern edge of the Mojave Desert in Death Valley National Park Inyo County California United States.
 The Trifthorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located west of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It is located in the middle of the ridge connecting the Ober Gabelhorn from the Zinalrothorn.
 Chalk Creek is a 27.3-mile-long (43.9 km) river flowing east from the Collegiate Peaks mountain range in Chaffee County Colorado. Mount Antero borders the southern side of the river while Mount Princeton borders the northern side. The headwaters of the river are located at the Continental Divide.
 Argo is a crater located in the Meridiani Planum on Mars that was visited by the Opportunity rover approximately on its 365th Martian sol. The crater is located approximately 300 meters (980 ft) south of the heat shield and Heat Shield Rock.
 The Graben River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 The Großer Hundstod is at 2593 metres one of the main peaks in the Steinernes Meer in the Berchtesgaden Alps and lies on the border between Bavaria and the Austrian state of Salzburg.
 The Beaverfoot Range (51°08′N 116°38′W) is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located in southeastern British Columbia. The range extends from Cedared Creek near Spillimacheen north to the Kicking Horse River.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 The Cline River is a short river in western Alberta Canada. It flows from Pinto Lake in northern Banff National Park and joins the North Saskatchewan River at Lake Abraham in west-central Alberta.
 Reloncaví Estuary (Spanish: Esturario de Reloncaví archaic: Sin Fondo)is a fjord off Reloncaví Sound located in Los Lagos Region of Chile. Several National Parks and Wilderness Areas are situated in the vicinity of this fjord. Among them are: Alerce Andino National Park Hornopirén National Park Vicente Pérez Rosales National Park Llanquihue National Reserve and the Cochamó Valley. The Yate Volcano towers above this fjord. The Puelo River empties into this estuary.
 Mount Slaggard is the tenth highest peak in Canada and is located in Kluane National Park and Reserve.
 The Llandovery River is a river of Jamaica.
 The Urupá River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Negoiu River is a headwater of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Almaș River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Lagrange is a lunar crater that is attached to the northwestern rim of the crater Piazzi. It lies near the southwestern limb of the Moon and the appearance is oblong due to foreshortening. To the northwest of this feature is the Montes Cordillera a ring-shaped mountain range that surrounds the immense Mare Orientale impact basin.The southwestern half of this walled plain has been heavily damaged by the mass of ejecta from Mare Orientale.
 Mount Edziza is a stratovolcano in the Stikine Country of northwestern British Columbia Canada. The volcano and the surrounding area are protected within Mount Edziza Provincial Park. It consists of multiple peaks and ridges with several glaciers flowing in all directions. The summit is topped by an ice-filled caldera which is almost 2 km (1 mi) wide. The three main peaks around the summit caldera are the southwest summit the southeast summit and the north summit.
 The Atibaia River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Mount Kanmuri (冠山 Kanmuri-yama) also known as Mount Yoshiwa Kanmuri (吉和冠山 Yoshiwa Kanmuri-yama) is a mountain located in the Yoshiwa District of Hatsukaichi Hiroshima Prefecture Japan. Kanmuri is a common name for mountains in Japan; Hiroshima Prefecture has six mountains by this name alone hence the modifier Yoshiwa.
 Gehle is a river of Lower Saxony Germany. Also it is a German last name and many German citizens have it.
 Wadi Fa'rah is a river in the northern West Bank that empties into the Jordan River at Jisr Damiya. It is located in the rugged area of the West Bank and cuts east through the upper Jordan Valley near Hula Valley passing through the Palestinian village of Wadi al-Far'a.
 Chekov is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 199 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Chekov is named for the Russian author Anton Chekhov who lived from 1860 to 1904.
 Toolibin Lake is a 493 hectares (1218 acres) nature reserve containing a seasonal fresh to brackish water perched lake or wooded swamp in south-western Australia. It lies about 200 kilometres (124 mi) south-east of Perth in the Shire of Narrogin and 40 kilometres (25 mi) east of the town of Narrogin in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia.
 The Žitava River ( Hungarian: Zsitva ) is a 99.3 km long river in southern Slovakia. It is the right tributary of the Nitra river.
 The Steinlauihorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Handegg in the Bernese Oberland. It lies south of the Ritzlihorn on the range separating the valley of the Gauli Glacier from the main Aar valley.
 The Pryor Mountains are a mountain range in Carbon and Big Horn counties of Montana. They are located on the Crow Indian Reservation and the Custer National Forest and portions of them are on private land. They lie south of Billings Montana and north of Lovell Wyoming.The mountains are named for Sergeant Nathaniel Hale Pryor a member of the Lewis and Clark Expedition who vainly pursued horses stolen from the expedition in the area.
 Van Wijk is a small lunar impact crater that lies in the southern part of the far side of the Moon. It is located to the north-northwest of the huge walled plain Schrödinger and to the southwest of the crater Fechner.The rim of this crater has a noticeable outward bulge toward the south but it is otherwise relatively circular. The perimeter remains relatively sharp-edged with some wear along the north and northwest faces.
 Split Mountain (8792 feet (2680 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Tordoki Yani or Tardoki Yani (Russian: Тордоки-Яни) is the highest peak of Sikhote-Alin Mountains. It is located in the southeast of Khabarovsk Krai to north of border of Primorsky Krai. An elevation of Tordoki Yani is 2090 m (2077 at GSE).Tordoki Yani is a table mountain.Anyuy River rises on its slope.
 Lajoie Lake also known as Little Gun Lake is a small lake in the Bridge River Country of the West-Central Interior of British Columbia Canada located three miles west of the community of Gold Bridge and just southwest of Gun Lake which is also known as Big Gun Lake. The two lakes together are known as the Gun Lakes and both are recreational communities with a history of such settlement dating back to the 1920s.
 MacMillan Lakes is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lake Lagunita is an artificial dry lake in Stanford University California located on the western side of the Stanford campus near the Lagunita residences.
 Mount Kitanglad is an inactive volcano located in the Kitanglad Mountain Range in Bukidnon province on Mindanao island. It is the fourth highest mountain in the Philippines and has an approximate height of 2899 meters.
 The Amambaí River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Pico 31 de Março (Portuguese pronunciation: [ˈpiku ˈtɾĩtɐ jũ dʒi ˈmaʁsu]) also known as Pico Phelps is a mountain on the Brazil–Venezuela border. At 2973 metres (9754 ft) above sea level it is Brazil's second highest mountain. It is part of the Cerro de la Neblina massif and the latter peak Brazil's highest summit is only 687 m (2254 ft) away. Pico 31 de Março can be considered a secondary summit of Pico da Neblina.
 Kolvitsa River (Russian: Колвица) is a river in the south of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 12 km in length. The Kolvitsa River originates from the Lake Kolvitskoye and flows into the Kolvitskaya Bay Kandalaksha Gulf White Sea near the village of Kolvitsa.
 Woraksan or Worak Mountain is a major mountain of the Sobaek mountain range. Its highest peak is 1094 m (3589 ft) above sea level. It forms part of the boundary between North Chungcheong and North Gyeongsang provinces. Its slopes contain portions of Mungyeong city in North Gyeongsang as well as Danyang County Jecheon City and Chungju City in North Chungcheong.
 Retreat River a perennial stream that is part of the Lachlan catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the central western district of New South Wales Australia.The Retreat River rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range near Shooters Hill and flows generally to the south-west before reaching its confluence with the Abercrombie River near Hadley.The river flows adjacent to the Abercrombie River National Park with access at The Sink campground.
 Mitternacher Ohe is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Sørungen is a lake in the municipality of Selbu in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The 7.24-square-kilometre (2.80 sq mi) lake is located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) south of Vikvarvet 18 kilometres (11 mi) west of Flora and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of the lake Samsjøen in Midtre Gauldal.
 Hanningfield Reservoir is an artificial body of water in Essex south of Chelmsford and is owned by Essex and Suffolk Water. The reservoir is the 11th largest reservoir in England with an area of 3.5 square kilometres (880 acres).
 Weende is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Lake Huron (French: Lac Huron) is one of the five Great Lakes of North America. Hydrologically it comprises the easterly portion of Lake Michigan–Huron having the same surface elevation as its westerly counterpart to which it is connected by the wide Straits of Mackinac. It is bounded on the east by the Canadian province of Ontario and on the west by the state of Michigan in the United States.
 The North Cascades are a section of the Cascade Range of western North America. They span the border between the Canadian province of British Columbia and the U.S. state of Washington and are officially named in the U.S. as the Cascade Mountains.
 Lake Millstatt (German: Millstätter See sometimes written Millstättersee Slovene: Milštatsko jezero) is a lake in Carinthia Austria.
 The Jighii River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Henderson Lake is a lake in the Adirondacks in the town of Newcomb Essex County New York in the United States. It was named in 1826 after David Henderson one of the founders of the Elba Iron Works near Lake Placid and of the Upper Works at Tahawus.
 Lake Zhalanashkol (Kazakh: Жалаңашкөл literally Bare Lake or Exposed Lake; Russian: Жаланашколь) is a freshwater lake in the eastern part of Kazakhstan on the border of Almaty Province (Alakol District) and East Kazakhstan Province (Urzhar District). It is the smallest out of the four major lakes of the Alakol depression (the other three being the Alakol the Sasykkol and the Koshkarkol).
 Urubu River is a river in Amazonas state in north-western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Amazon River and it branches to the north (or to the left if facing downstream). It is a blackwater river.The source of the Urubu is to the north of Presidente Figueiredo. It flows in a southwest direction parallel to the Uatumã River. It flows through Presidente Figueiredo and Amatari. It ultimately flows into Lake Urubu which is connected by several channels to the Amazon River.
 Nerkoonjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the Iisalmi town Northern Savonia region in Finland.
 Tuya Butte is a tuya in the Tuya Range of north-central British Columbia Canada. It is a bit less isolated from other ranges than neighbouring Mount Josephine. Some of the other volcanoes in the area include South Tuya Ash Mountain and Mathews Tuya. Tuya Butte was the first tuya analyzed in the geological literature and its name has since become standard worldwide among volcanologists in referring to and writing about tuyas.
 Köhlbrand is an anabranch of the Unterelbe river in the Port of Hamburg Germany.The branch emerged during floods in 15th century. Now the complete Süderelbe waterflow is redirected through the Köhlbrand which is a main access to the Container Terminal Altenwerder. It is bridged by the Köhlbrand Bridge.
 Kleine Isar is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Manchar (Sindhi: منڇر ڍنڍ ) is the largest freshwater lake in Pakistan and one of Asia's largest. It is located west of the Indus River in Jamshoro District Sindh. The area of the lake fluctuates with the seasons from as little as 350 km² to as much as 520 km². The lake collects water from numerous small streams in the Kirthar Mountains and empties into the Indus River.
 Ukert is a lunar impact crater that lies on a strip of rugged ground between Mare Vaporum to the north and Sinus Medii in the south. It is located to the north-northwest of the crater Triesnecker and northeast of the crater pair of Pallas and Murchison.The outer rim of this crater is not quite circular with outward bulges to the north and the east. The interior floor is irregular in places with a central ridge running from crater midpoint down to the southern wall.
 Lake Zaysan (Kazakh: Зайсан көліMongolian: Зайсан нуур/Zaisan nuur ~noble lake) Russian: озеро Зайсан) is a freshwater lake ca. 1810 km² (700 mi²) in eastern Kazakhstan in a hollow between the Altai and the Tarbagatai Mountains. It is the largest lake in the East Kazakhstan Province.The lake lies at an altitude of 420 m is 105 km long and 22–48 km wide with a maximum depth of 15 m.
 The Valea Întunecoasă River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 The Balaur River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 The Sandlünz is a hill in the Harz Mountains of Germany. It is 516.2 m above sea level and located near Netzkater in the county of Nordhausen in the state of Thuringia.
 The Pietrosu River (Hungarian: Köves-Somlyó or Köves-Somlyó-patak; Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈkøvɛʃʃomjoː]) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Applegate Lake is a 988-acre (400 ha) reservoir located in the Rogue River – Siskiyou National Forest about 27 miles (43 km) southwest of Medford in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is 16 miles (26 km) south of Oregon Route 238 along Applegate River Road and slightly north of the Oregon–California border. The lake is an impoundment of the Applegate River about 46 miles (74 km) from its confluence with the Rogue River.
 Achen Pass (el. 941 n.) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the state of Bavaria in Germany.The pass is located in the southwest corner of the Miesbach District (Landkreis Miesbach) about 1 km north of the border with Austria in the south of Bavaria. It connects the valley of the Tegernsee in the north with the Achen valley in Tyrol in the south. It divides the watershed of the Danube and the Inn.As early as 1495 the pass road was an important commercial route for bringing salt to Munich.
 Shadow Mountain Lake is a reservoir in Grand County Colorado near the headwaters of the Colorado River. Shadow Mountain Lake is created by Shadow Mountain Dam.
 Lake Rototoa is a lake located at the northern end of the south head of the Kaipara Harbour in the Rodney District of Auckland Region New Zealand. Previously known as Lake Ototoa its name was changed in 2013. With a surface area of 1.623 X 10 m2 and a maximum depth of 26 m it is the largest and deepest of a series of sand-dune lakes found along the western coastline of the North Island.
 Nanga Sago is a mountain situated 15 km North of Leh capital of Ladakh in India. Altitude is 5776m (18950 feet) and its coordinates are 34°13'54.25N 77°39'53.47E.
 Mount Balbi is a Holocene stratovolcano located in the northern portion of the island of Bougainville Papua New Guinea. It is the highest point of the island. There are five volcanic craters along a ridge north of the summit one of which contains a crater lake. There are numerous fumaroles near the craters though Balbi has not erupted in historic time.
 The Brădetul River is a tributary of the Tălmăcuţa river in Romania.
 Antofalla is a large and very remote stratovolcano in Catamarca Province in northwestern Argentina. It is located on the northeastern edge of the Puna de Atacama a high desert plateau east of the Atacama Desert. It lies just west of the Salar de Antofalla a large playa over 140 km (87 mi) in length. Inca ruins can be found at the volcano's summit offering definitive proof of numerous Pre-Columbian ascents.
 Mount Lofty (34°58′S 138°42′E elevation 727 metres AHD) is the highest point in the southern Mount Lofty Ranges. It is located about 15 km east of the centre of the city of Adelaide in South Australia and has panoramic views of the city and the Adelaide plains to the west and of the Picadilly Valley to the east. It was first climbed by a European when explorer Collet Barker climbed it in April 1831 almost seven years before Adelaide was settled.
 The Chilapa River is a river of Mexico.
 The Slieve Mish Mountains (Sliabh Mis in Irish) are a mountain range found in County Kerry in the Ireland. Overlooking Tralee Bay on the northern side and Dingle Bay on the south they extend for approximately 19 km from east to west. They run from the mainland just south of Tralee along the centre of the neck of the Dingle Peninsula before ending in a series of low foothills and deep river valleys which separate them from the Mountains of the central Dingle Peninsula further to the west.
 Faughan Hill is a low hill approximately five miles to the northwest of Navan County Meath Ireland. It is owned by the McCabe DunneEnglish and Moriarty families and is not open to the public. The highest point is owned by the Moriarty's.Because the surrounding area of Meath is so flat the hill is the most prominent feature in the local topography.
 Bumping Lake is a lake and reservoir along the course of the Bumping River in Yakima County Washington state USA.The lake is used as a storage reservoir for the Yakima Project an irrigation project run by the United States Bureau of Reclamation. Although a natural lake Bumping Lake's capacity and discharge is controlled by Bumping Lake Dam a 60 foot (18 m) high earthfill structure built in 1910 and modified in the 1990s.
 The Park Hills el. 6260 feet (1910 m) is a sub-range of the Little Belt Mountains northwest of White Sulphur Springs Montana in Meagher County Montana.
 Iso-Kiimanen is a lake of Finland in the Oulujoki main catchment area. It is located in Sotkamo municipality in Kainuu region.
 Laguna Bahia Toco Largo is a lake in the José Miguel de Velasco Province Santa Cruz Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 165 m its surface area is 6.5 km².
 The Budescu River is a tributary of the Ruscova River in Romania.
 Lubbock is a small lunar crater on the western edge of Mare Fecunditatis. It is located to the north of the crater Gutenberg and south of Secchi. Lubbock is circular with a low rim and flat interior. There is a small break in the eastern wall.On the mare to the south of the patch of highland containing Lubbock is the rille system designated Rimae Goclenius. The parallel rays from the crater pair of Messier and Messier A reaches the rim of Lubbock H to the north.
 For the current region of Chad see Tibesti Region.The Tibesti Mountains are a mountain range in the central Sahara primarily located in the extreme north of Chad with a small extension into southern Libya. The highest peak in the range Emi Koussi lies to the south at a height of 3445 metres (11302 ft) and is the highest point in both Chad and the Sahara. Bikku Bitti the highest peak in Libya is located in the north of the range.
 Mount Ngauruhoe is an active stratovolcano or composite cone in New Zealand made from layers of lava and tephra. It is the youngest vent in the Tongariro volcanic complex on the Central Plateau of the North Island and first erupted about 2500 years ago.
 Crossing Knob is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country west from the community of Sugar Grove. The mountain is within the Pisgah National Forest and its elevation reaches 3340 feet (1018 m). The mountain is flanked by the Watauga River on three sides and US 321 along its south.
 The Bonanza Range is a small mountain range on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located in the area between the Nimpkish River and the Tsitika River. It has an area of 150 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Aarid Maql Saab is a mountain of northern Lebanon. It has an altitude of 1462 metres.
 The Ogașu Mare is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 The Versoix is a river in France and in Switzerland. It is a 22.8 kilometres (14.2 mi) tributary of Lake Geneva (French: Lac Léman). The river begins in the Jura Mountains in Ain France as Rivière la Divonne. It flows eastward through Divonne-les-Bains and Lac de Divonne approaching the Canton of Vaud. From there it turns southward toward form 10.5 kilometres (6.5 mi) of the France–Switzerland border entering the Canton of Geneva and continuing eastward toward Versoix where it enters the lake.
 The Nireș River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 The Stemnic River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 The Dean River is one of the major rivers of the Kitimat Ranges subrange of the southern Coast Mountains in British Columbia. It begins in the volcanic-shield Ilgachuz Range on the Chilcotin Plateau and winds north around the Rainbow Range to enter Dean Channel at the now-uninhabited remote community of Kimsquit.
 Bulusan Volcano Natural Park is a 3673-hectare (9080-acre) protected area of rainforest surrounding Mount Bulusan in the Philippines. It was first designated as a National Park by Proclamation no. 811 on June 7 1935. Under the National Integrated Protected Areas System (NIPAS) of 1992 managed by the Department of the Environment and Natural Resources the park was reclassified as a Natural Park by Proc. 421 on November 27 2000.
 The Wilge River is a river in Mpumalanga and Gauteng provinces South Africa. It is a tributary of the Olifants River.
 The Cubuy River (Loiza Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The River Trent is one of the major rivers of England. Its source is in Staffordshire on the southern edge of Biddulph Moor.
 Cardinal Peak is the highest peak of the Chelan Mountains a subrange of the Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Washington. It is located in Wenatchee National Forest at the head of the Entiat River drainage basin in Chelan County. To the west and north streams flow into Lake Chelan. Cardinal Peak is less than 5 miles (8.0 km) from the lake and rises 7500 feet (2300 m) above the lakeshore. At 8590 feet (2620 m) high it is the 49th highest peak in Washington.
 Redonda Mesa is a tall mesa located in the Southern Santa Ana Mountains near the Pacific Ocean. It is in an unincorporated area of southwestern Riverside County California United States. Redonda Mesa is part of the Peninsular Ranges and stands at 2825 feet (861 m).
 Jakobselva (Northern Sami: Ánnejohka; Kven: Annijoki; English: Jacob's River) is a river in Finnmark county Norway. The river which is sometimes known as the Vestre Jakobselv (Western Jacob's River) runs through the municipalities of Nesseby and Vadsø on the Varanger Peninsula. The river begins around the mountain Midthaugen in Nesseby near the border with Tana Municipality.
 Østre Grimevann (or Grimevannet austre) is a lake in the municipality of Lillesand in Aust-Agder county Norway. The lake is located north of the European route E18 highway about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from the city of Lillesand. It is the drinking water reservoir for the municipality of Lillesand.
 Rollins Mountain is a mountain in Lincoln Maine in northeastern Penobscot County. It is the site of a proposed large wind farm.
 The Elila River is a tributary of the Lualaba River in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It rises in Mwenga Territory of Sud-Kivu Province and flows west through Shabunda Territory and then Pangi Territory in Maniema Province entering the Lualaba just downstream of Kindu.In the upper reaches there are rolling grasslands to the south of the river but the Itombwe Mountains to the north are rugged covered by rainforest except where rock bluffs emerge from the steepest slopes.
 Musuan Peak or Mount Musuan /ˈmʊswən/ also known as Mount Calayo (/kəˈlɑːjoʊ/ literally Fire Mountain) is an active volcano on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines. It is 4.5 kilometres south of the city of Valencia province of Bukidnon and 81 km southeast of Cagayan de Oro City.
 Croagh Patrick (Irish: Cruach Phádraig meaning (Saint) Patrick's Mountain) nicknamed the Reek is a 764 metres (2507 ft) mountain and an important site of pilgrimage in County Mayo in Ireland. It is 8 kilometres (5 mi) from Westport above the villages of Murrisk and Lecanvey. It is the third highest mountain in County Mayo after Mweelrea and Nephin. It is climbed by pilgrims on Reek Sunday every year which is the last Sunday in July.
 Tarcutta Creek is mostly a perennial stream beginning approximately 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) near Batlow and confluence with the Murrumbidgee River approximately 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) southeast of Oura in the Riverina area in New South Wales Australia.
 Kuntur Nasa (Aymara kunturi condornasa nose nose of a condor hispanicized spellings Condor Nasa Condor Naza) is a mountain in the Andes in Bolivia about 4645 m (15240 ft) high. It is located in the Oruro Department Challapata Province Challapata Municipality Culta Canton east of Cruce Culta and east of Nacional Route 1. One of the closest mountains to Kuntur Nasa is Wila Qullu west of it.
 Quisais a 13 km long river in the province of Bergamo Lombardy northern Italy. Its source is located at the foothill of Canto Alto in the municipality of Sorisole; the river subsequently crosses the municipality of Almè Paladina Mozzo and Ponte San Pietro where his waters enter in the Brembo River.
 Mount Dalrymple is the highest peak in the Central Queensland section of the Great Dividing Range called the Clarke Range. The mountain has an elevation of 1259 metres. It is amongst the higher peaks in the Australian state of Queensland and located 858 km northwest of Brisbane and 50 km west of Mackay.
 McMillan Flowage is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.It was created when the Nova Scotia Power Corporation constructed the Wreck Cove Hydro Electric Station and placed D-7 Dam across Indian Brook.
 The Slatina River is a tributary of the Brusturi River in Romania.
 The Splügen Pass (German: Splügenpass; Italian: Passo dello Spluga; Latin: Cunus Aureus ) (el. 2115 m) is a high mountain pass which marks the boundary between the Lepontine and Rhaetian Alps respectively part of the Western and Eastern Alps.It connects the Swiss Hinterrhein valley and Splügen in the canton of Graubünden with the Valle Spluga and Chiavenna in the Italian province of Sondrio the road continuing to Lake Como.
 Rabbit Mountain is an eroded volcanic outcrop in the Wrangell Volcanic Field Yukon Territory Canada located 30 km southwest of Koidern and 4 km northwest of Canyon Mountain. It is east of the Yukon-Alaska boundary and can be accessed by old mining roads that reach Rabbit Creek. Rabbit Mountain formed as a result of melting of the crust due to subduction of the Pacific Plate beneath the North American Plate and last erupted during the Pliocene.
 Pließnitz is a river[citation needed] of Saxony[citation needed] Germany.[citation needed]
 The Poicu River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Leucippus is a crater on the Moon's far side. It is relatively isolated from other named craters although it is located just over one crater diameter to the south-southeast of the huge walled plain Landau. To the southwest of Leucippus is the larger satellite crater Leucippus Q.The rim of Leucippus is eroded with a smaller crater laid across the southern end. A small craterlet lies along the western inner wall.
 Lake Gunn is a lake in the South Island of New Zealand located at 44°53′S 168°05′E.A small lake between Lake Te Anau and Milford Sound it lies close to the New Zealand State Highway 94 (the Milford Sound Road) and the Divide of the Southern Alps. The small tramping camp of Cascade Creek lies close to the lake's southern end. The west branch of the Eglinton River flows through the lake.
 Boussingault is a large lunar crater that lies near the rugged southeast limb of the Moon. Because of its location Boussingault appears highly oblong in shape due to foreshortening. To the southwest is the crater Boguslawsky and almost attached to the northeast rim is Helmholtz. East-southeast of Boussingault lies the crater Neumayer.The most notable aspect of this crater is the large crater that lies entirely within its outer walls so that it resembles a double-walled formation.
 Hobsons Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Berijam Lake is a reservoir near Kodaikanal town in Dindigul district of Tamil Nadu South India. It is at the old site of Fort Hamilton in the upper Palani hills.The lake created by a dam with sluice outlets is part of a micro–watershed development project. Periyakulam town 18.7 kilometres (11.6 mi) to the SE gets its public drinking water from the lake. The lake’s water quality is excellent.
 Babase Island is an island of the Feni Islands in Papua New Guinea located east of New Ireland. It consists of a stratovolcano and a lava dome joined by an isthmus.
 The Gârbăul Mic River is a headwater of the Gârbău River in Romania.
 The Psel (Russian: Псёл translit. Psyol; Ukrainian: Псeл Псьол Псло translit. Psel Ps'ol Pslo) is a river a left tributary of the Dnipro River which flows through Russia and Ukraine. The Psel has a length of 717 km and a drainage basin of 22800 km². The river's right bank is high and steep unlike the low left bank. Its periods of freezing range from the end of November till the middle of March.
 The Liedas is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 17.7 kilometres and has a basin area of 31.5 km².
 The Valea Șaului is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 The Delice River (Turkish: Delice Irmağı) perhaps the ancient Cappadox (Ancient Greek: Καππάδοξ) is the major river of Cappadocia in Anatolia Turkey. It flows into the Kızılırmak River (Halys) at 40.47°N 34.14°E﻿ / 40.47; 34.14 before emptying into the Black Sea.
 The Valea Doamnelor River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The River Broadwater is a tributary of the River Loddon at Swallowfield Berkshire.It is formed by the Rivers Blackwater and Whitewater at their confluence near Thatcher's Ford at the boundary between Bramshill and Swallowfield parishes. The river flows in a north-westerly direction for approximately one and a half miles until it joins the River Loddon to the north of the village of Swallowfield.
 The Pârâul Sec River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 Brabecke (Valme) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Garry Lake (variant: Garry Lakes; Inuktitut: Hanningajuq meaning sideways or crooked) is a lake in sub-Arctic Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. As a portion of the Back River waterway Garry Lake originates directly east of Lake Pelly and drains to the east by the Back River. A set of rapids separate Buliard Lake (directly to the north) from Garry Lake.
 The Valea Casei River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 See also Dordogne département.The Dordogne (Occitan: Dordonha) is a river in south-central and southwest France. The Dordogne river and its watershed was designated Biosphere Reserve by the UNESCO on July 2012.
 Osiris is a tiny lunar crater in the southeastern part of the Mare Serenitatis. It is located to the northeast of the small crater Dawes and to the west of the Montes Taurus range. To the east-northeast of this position is the landing site of the Apollo 17 mission in the Taurus–Littrow valley.This area of the surface is notable for an interrupted crater chain running from west-southwest to east-northeast.
 Black Loch is a small loch or reservoir on the border of North Lanarkshire and Falkirk district close to the village of Limerigg.The surface area of the Black Loch was enlarged in the early 1790s a small canal was cut at the western side so that run off from the moss would feed the loch and a dam built to enclose a larger volume of water which was required by the Monkland Canal at Woodhall.
 Yawarkucha or Yawar Kucha (Kichwa yawar blood kucha lake blood lake hispanicized spellings Yaguarcocha Yahuarcocha) is a lake in Ecuador located in the Imbabura Province Ibarra Canton. The lake is formed from glacial meltwater. It is the locale for many folklores. The name is an allusion to a violent battle that was fought here centuries ago.
 Großer See (Pinnow) is a lake in the Vorpommern-Greifswald district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 10 m its surface area is 0.64 km².
 The Cremenești River is a tributary of the Vulcanu River in Romania.
 The Kaweka Range (also known as the Kaweka Ranges) of mountains is located in inland Hawke's Bay in the eastern North Island of New Zealand. It forms part of the mountainous spine of the North Island which runs from Wellington to East Cape including the Tararua and Ruahine ranges.The range lies between the city of Napier 55 kilometres (34 mi) to the southeast and Lake Taupo 50 kilometres (31 mi) to the northwest.
 Maryland River a watercourse of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia. In its upper reaches the river is located close to the border between New South Wales and Queensland.
 Sinepuxent Bay is an inland waterway which connects Chincoteague Bay to Isle of Wight Bay and is connected to the Atlantic Ocean via the Ocean City Inlet. It separates Sinepuxent Neck in Worcester County Maryland from Assateague Island and West Ocean City Maryland from downtown Ocean City. Islands in the Sinepuxent Bay include Horn Island and Skimmer Island. It is crossed by the Harry W. Kelley Memorial Bridge on U.S.
 Scharrenberger Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Netta [ˈnɛtta] is a river in north-east Poland a right tributary of the Biebrza approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) long. It is a continuation of the Rospuda which flows into Lake Rospuda (connected to Lake Necko) north of the town of Augustów. The Rospuda and Netta together have a length of 102 kilometres (63 mi) and a watershed of 1336 square kilometres (516 sq mi).
 Wheeler Lake is located in the northern part of the United States state of Alabama between Rogersville and Huntsville. Created by Wheeler Dam along the Tennessee River it stretches 60 miles (96.5 km) from Wheeler Dam to Guntersville Dam. It is Alabama's second largest lake at 67100 acres (272 km²).Decatur operates the busiest port along the Tennessee River on this lake Port of Decatur.Wheeler Lake is a major recreation and tourist center attracting about four million visits a year.
 Cherry Lake is part of historical coastal wetlands in Altona a suburb of Melbourne Australia. The wetlands were converted to a lake with construction of retaining walls levees and flow channels. The lake and surrounding reserve is an important wildlife habitat and popular recreational destination.
 The Izvorul Negru River or Izvorul Mânăstirii is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Secaş river in Romania.
 The Chin Hills are a range of mountains in Chin State northwestern Burma (Myanmar) that extends northward into India's Manipur state. They are part of the Arakan Mountain Range (Arakan Yoma). The highest peak in the Chin Hills is Nat Ma Taung or Khonumthung (Mount Victoria) in southern Chin State which reaches 3053 meters (10500 feet). The Chin Hills-Arakan Yoma montane forests ecoregion has diverse forests with pine camellia and teak.
 The Lugano Prealps (Prealpi Luganesi or Prealpi Lombarde Occidentali in Italian) are a mountain range in the western part of the Alps. They are located in Canton Ticino (southern Switzerland) and in Lombardy (northern Italy).
 Pucketa Creek is a tributary of the Allegheny River located in both Allegheny and Westmoreland counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 The Vânătorul Mic River is a tributary of the Vânătorul Mare River in Romania.
 Shavers Fork Mountain Complex is the name given to the mountains on either side of Shavers Fork in the highlands portions of Randolph County Pocahontas County and Tucker County in West Virginia USA. Much of the land surrounding the river and its adjacent mountains is protected by Monongahela National Forest including about 20000 acres (81 km2) of designated wilderness.
 Riedel is an impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the north-northeast of the crater Karrer and due south of Leavitt.This is a worn crater with smaller craters along the rim to the north and southwest. There is a small craterlet along the southern inner wall. The interior floor appears relatively free of distinguishing features with only a small craterlet in the southern part of the floor.
 Eodapsan is a mountain in the county of Hoengseong Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 789 m (2589 ft).
 Black Creek of Arizona is a 55-mi (89 km) long north tributary of the Puerco River of northeast Arizona and northwest New Mexico.The Black Creek flows south along an east and southeast perimeter section of the Defiance Plateau; Red Lake (Arizona - New Mexico) 7150 feet (2179 m)-(at Navajo New Mexico) lies in Red Valley near the origin of Black Creek and other watercourses meeting at Red Lake.
 Jukajärvi is a lake in the Finnish municipality of Juva located in the province of Eastern Finland. It covers an area of 9.2 km² in the Southern Savonia. The lake has the maximum length of 7 km.
 The Caledonian Canal is a canal in Scotland that connects the Scottish east coast at Inverness with the west coast at Corpach near Fort William. It was constructed in the early nineteenth century by engineer Thomas Telford and is a sister canal of the Göta Canal in Sweden also constructed by Telford.
 The Lovat (Belarusian: Ловаць pronounced [ˈɫovatsʲ]; Russian: река́ Ло́вать) is a river in Vitebsk Oblast of Belarus Usvyatsky Velikoluksky and Loknyansky Districts as well as of the city of Velikiye Luki of Pskov Oblast and Kholmsky Poddorsky Starorussky and Parfinsky Districts of Novgorod Oblast in Russia. The source of the Lovat is Lake Lovatets in northeastern Belarus and the Lovat is a tributary of Lake Ilmen.
 Holvandi Kivijärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Hamilton Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lake Nasser (Arabic: بحيرة ناصر‎ Boħēret Nāṣer Egyptian Arabic: [boˈħeːɾet ˈnɑːsˤeɾ]) is a vast reservoir in southern Egypt and northern Sudan and is one of the largest man-made lakes in the world. Strictly Lake Nasser refers only to the much larger portion of the lake that is in Egyptian territory (83% of the total) with the Sudanese preferring to call their smaller body of water Lake Nubia (Egyptian Arabic: بحيرة نوبية Boħēret Nubeyya [boˈħeːɾet nʊˈbejjæ]).
 Lake Käsmu is a lake in Käsmu Estonia.
 Laguna Bolivia is a lake in the Marbán Province Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 166 m its surface area is 11 km².
 The Bălana River is a tributary of the Fulga River in Romania.
 The Sedloca River or Sedloco River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Beichle is a mountain of the Emmental Alps overlooking Escholzmatt in the canton of Lucerne.
 The Vederoasa River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Michaelsberg (Untergrombach) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Hoteagu River or Oițeagu River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Brebina Mică River is a headwater of the Brebina River in Romania.
 The Chlein Seehorn is a mountain of the Silvretta Alps located east of Klosters in the canton of Graubünden. It lies west of the higher Gross Seehorn.
 The Möhne is a small-size river in western Germany (North Rhine-Westphalia) right tributary of the Ruhr. The Möhne passes the towns of Brilon Rüthen Warstein. There is large articifical lake near the mouth of the river the Möhne Reservoir used for hydro power generation and leisure activities.
 The Piracanjuba River (Corumbá River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Artillery Knob is a mountain in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park in Tasmania Australia. It is the 29th highest mountain in Tasmania. It is a prominent feature of the national park and is a popular venue with bushwalkers.
 Mawson Peak is an active volcanic mountain on Heard Island an external Australian territory in the Southern Ocean. With its summit at 2745 metres (9006 ft) it is the second highest peak in any state or territory of Australia surpassed only by the 3490 metres (11450 ft) Mount McClintock in the Britannia Range in Australian Antarctic Territory. An active complex volcano which erupted as recently as April 2013 Mawson Peak is the summit of the Big Ben massif.
 The Mispillion River is a river flowing to Delaware Bay in southern Delaware in the United States.
 Gaspereau Lake is a lake in Kings County Nova Scotia Canadaabout 10 km south of the town of Kentville Nova Scotia on the South Mountain.It is the largest lake in Kings County and the fifth largest lake in Nova Scotia.The lake is shallow with dozens of forested islands and hundreds of rocky islets (skerries).The water level of the lake is controlled by Nova Scotia Power.At the natural outlet to the Gaspereau Riverin the north-east corner of the lake there is a control dam and fish ladder.Another control dam at the south-east corner of the lake controls outflow to a canal which diverts water to Hydroelectricitystations on the lower sections of the Gaspereau River system.In late spring the namesake fish gaspereau(Alewife) migrate from the ocean up the Gaspereau River and spawn in the shallow waters of Gaspereau Lake.
 The Trachyte Hills are a small hilly mountain range in southern British Columbia Canada located southwest of the junction of Bonaparte River and Hat Creek. They are a continuation northwards of the Cornwall Hills.
 The Jangada River (Iguazu River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Paraná River basin and a tributary of the Iguazu River.
 The Făgădău River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 The Răcădău River is a tributary of the Valea Cetăţii river in Romania
 Lake Galilee is a semi-arid saline lake located in the Desert Uplands region of Central West Queensland. The lake is about 36 kilometres long up to 12.5 kilometres wide and covers approximately 25700 hectares.Lake Galilee is registered on the Directory of Important Wetlands in Australia (DIWA) and provides an important refuge and breeding site for waterbirds.
 The Imre River is a headwater of the Pietroasa River in Romania.
 Lobachevskiy is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon beyond the eastern limb. This crater lies to the southeast of the larger crater Fleming. Less than a crater diameter to the east-northeast lies Guyot.This is a well-formed crater with features that have not been significantly eroded since Lobachevskiy was first formed.
 The Pojuca River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Kalbe is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Larch Mountain is an extinct volcano near Portland Oregon. The name is misleading as no western larch (a large deciduous coniferous tree) can be found there. It received that name when early lumbermen sold the Noble Fir wood as larch. The peak can be reached on paved Larch Mountain Road 16 miles (26 km) east of Corbett Oregon.
 The Gârbău River is a tributary of the Durbav River in Romania. The river starts at the junction of headwaters: Gârbăul Mare and Gârbăul Mic
 The Fitzmaurice River is a river in Australia's Northern Territory. It was first charted in 1839 by European explorers aboard the HMS Beagle under the command of John Lort Stokes. It was named after Lewis Roper Fitzmaurice a mate and assistant surveyor on the Beagle.The river drains into the Joseph Bonaparte Gulf in the Timor Sea from a source perhaps 500 kilometres inland.
 The Muscoot Reservoir is a reservoir in northern Westchester County New York. It is located directly north of the village of Katonah New York and is over 25 miles (40 kilometres) north of New York City which the reservoir eventually supplies with tapwater. It was constructed at the beginning of the 19th century by impounding the Muscoot River which is a tributary of the Croton River which in turn is a tributary of the Hudson River.
 Mount William Booth was named after William Booth in 1965 the founder of the Salvation Army. It is part of the Ram Range in Alberta.
 Kleinaschaff is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Otter Tail Lake is a 21-square-mile (54 km2) lake in the west-central part of the U.S. state of Minnesota and is the largest lake in Otter Tail County.
 The Acarai River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Hogea River is a tributary of the Gemenea River in Romania.
 Homberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Santa River (Spanish: Río Santa) is a river in the South American Andes mountain range in the Ancash Region of northwest central Peru.
 The Dechen Cave (German: Dechenhöhle) at Iserlohn in Germany is one of the most beautiful and most visited show caves in Germany. It is located in the northern part of the Sauerland at Iserlohn (Grüne district). 360 metres of the 870-metre long cave have been laid out for visitors beginning at the spot where in 1868 the cave was discovered by two railway workers.
 The Verdugo Mountains are a small rugged mountain range of the Transverse Ranges system located just south of the western San Gabriel Mountains in Los Angeles County Southern California. The range is sometimes known as the Verdugo Hills or simply the Verdugos.Surrounded entirely by urban development they represent an isolated wildlife island and are in large part under public ownership in the form of undeveloped parkland.
 The South Fork Mayo River is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 DuNoir Glacier is located in the Absaroka Range Shoshone National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The glacier is situated on the northeast slope of Coffin Butte (11317 feet (3449 m)) and is one of but a few glaciers that can be found in the Absaroka Range.
 The Soturno River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Sultan Mountain elevation 13373 ft (4076 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains located southwest of Silverton Colorado.
 Afon Cych (standard Welsh orthography: Afon Cuch) is a small river tributary to the River Teifi in south-west Wales. Its official source (although not its highest headwater) is at Blaencych 51°57′53″N 4°29′28″W. It flows north-westwards through a deep wooded secluded valley and joins the River Teifi at Abercych 52°2′36″N 4°33′34″W. Its total length is 13 km.
 The Towamba River is an open mature wave dominated barrier estuary or perennial river located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Glärnisch is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking the valley of the Linth in the Swiss canton of Glarus. It consists of several summits of which the highest (2914 metres) is the Bächistock followed by the Vrenelisgärtli--Verena's Little Garden—at 2904 metres) and the Ruchen (2901 metres).
 Niols (Russian: Ниолс) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Vishera River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 26 km. The source is located on the slope of the Urals near the border with Sverdlovsk Oblast. It flows through Vishersky Nature Reserve and flows into the Vishera River in 379 km of its mouth.
 The Joch Pass (German: Jochpass) (2207 m) is a mountain pass of the Uri Alps located between the Bernese Oberland and Central Switzerland at the foot of the Titlis. It connects Innertkirchen (canton of Bern) with Engelberg (canton of Obwalden) although the pass itself is located on the Bern-Nidwalden border.
 Büchelbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Neva (Russian: Нева́ IPA: [nʲɪˈva]) is a river in northwestern Russia flowing from Lake Ladoga through the western part of Leningrad Oblast (historical region of Ingria) to the Neva Bay of the Gulf of Finland. Despite its modest length (74 km) it is the third largest river in Europe in terms of average discharge (after the Volga and the Danube).[citation needed]The Neva is the only river flowing from Lake Ladoga.
 The Kachin Hills are a heavily forested group of highlands in the extreme northeastern area of the Kachin State of Burma. It consists of a series of ranges running mostly in a N/S direction including the Kumon Bum Mountains of which the highest peak is Bumhpa Bum with an elevation of 3411 metres (11191 ft) one of the ultra prominent peaks of Southeast Asia.
 The Whakatane River is a major river of the Bay of Plenty Region in the North Island of New Zealand.It flows north from near the small town of Ruatahuna through Te Urewera National Park reaching the Bay of Plenty through the town of Whakatane. The river is 95 kilometres in length.
 Uilkraal River is a river in the Western Cape province of South Africa. The river mouth is located at Gans Bay.
 Clark Mountain is a mountain located in the Clark Mountain Range in the Mojave National Preserve close to the California-Nevada border.
 Freebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Pine River formerly known as the South Branch Manistee River is a 53.6-mile-long (86.3 km) tributary of the Manistee River in the U.S. state of Michigan. It forms at the confluence of the North Branch and East Branch of the Pine River in northwest Osceola County flows southwest then west and north through the northeast corner of Lake County and back into southwest Wexford County emptying into the Tippy Dam Pond on the Manistee River in Manistee County.
 The Volta River is a stream primarily in Ghana that drains into the Gulf of Guinea and Atlantic Ocean. It has three main tributaries—the Black Volta White Volta and Red Volta. Lake Volta in Ghana is the largest reservoir in the world extending from the Akosombo Dam in southeastern Ghana to the town of Yapei some 400 kilometres (250 mi) to the north.
 Trebova is a mountain in the municipality of Foča Bosnia and Herzegovina. It has an altitude of 1872 metres (6142 ft).
 Wolf is a lunar crater that lies in the south-central part of the Mare Nubium a lunar mare in the southern hemisphere of the Moon. It lies to the north-northwest of the walled plain Pitatus and east-southeast of the prominent crater Bullialdus. It is named after the astronomer Max Wolf.The interior floor of this crater has been completely flooded by lava leaving only an irregular broken rim projecting slightly above the surface.
 Lago della Meja is a lake in the Province of Cuneo Piedmont Italy.
 The Antelope Valley is a high valley in the eastern Sierra Nevada stretching from Mono County California to Douglas County Nevada.
 The Sorraia River (Portuguese pronunciation: [suˈʀai̯ɐ]) or Rio Sorraia is a river in Santarém District Portugal. It forms at the confluence of the Sor and Raia near the town of Couço. Having a basin of 7556 square kilometres (2917 sq mi) it flows for 60 kilometres (37 mi) joining the Tagus near Murteira.
 The Sigua River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Els is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Dobric River is a tributary of the Ilişua River in Romania.
 Tuckahoe Creek is a 21.5-mile-long (34.6 km) tributary of the Choptank River on Maryland's Eastern Shore. It is sometimes (erroneously) referred to as the Tuckahoe River. Upstream of Hillsboro it forms the boundary between Caroline County and Queen Anne's County passing through Tuckahoe State Park and dividing the small towns of Queen Anne and Hillsboro.
 The Mistake River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from the Hall Range to the northwest of Lake Tekapo turning east at the southern end of the range to flow into the western edge of the lake.
 Rydberg is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just past the southwest limb. It lies due south of the Mare Orientale in the outer skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Orientale impact feature. Just to the southeast is the crater Guthnick.This is a little-eroded crater formation with a relatively sharp edge. The inner walls do not have much terracing although slumped piles of talus lie along the base.
 The Senqunyane River is a river of central Lesotho. It rises in the Maluti Mountains in northwest Lesotho and flows southwards and then westwards for 120 kilometres before joining the Senqu River (Orange River) in the southwest.
 Sangemarmar Sar (or Sangemar Mar Sang-e-Marmar Sangemarmur) is a pyramidal peak in the Batura Muztagh at the end of a spur ridge running southwest from Pasu Sar in Pakistan. It lies between the Muchuhar Glacier on the west and the Shispare (or Hasanabad) Glacier on the east.
 The Tutuí River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Børsvatnet (Northern Sami: Bođatjávri) is a lake in the municipality of Ballangen in Nordland county Norway. The 11.6-square-kilometre (4.5 sq mi) lake is located about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) southwest of the village of Ballangen.
 The Paracatu River (Portuguese: Rio Paracatu) is located mainly in the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil. It is the longest tributary of the São Francisco draining a basin of about 45000 km² including 21 municipalities and the Federal District. The basin is almost completely located in the state of Minas Gerais (19 municipalities) including only three municipalities in the state of Goiás The river has a length of 485 kilometers.
 Ovčar (Serbian Cyrillic: Овчар pronounced [ɔ̌ʋtʃaːr]) is a mountain in western Serbia near the city of Čačak. Its highest peak has an elevation of 985 meters above sea level. Along with Kablar Ovčar forms the attractive Ovčar-Kablar Gorge of the West Morava river.
 Caesars Head is a mountain within Caesars Head State Park in northern Greenville County South Carolina within Cleveland. The summit has an elevation of 3215 feet (980 m). The radio tower for TV station WYFF is nearby.[citation needed]
 The Nura River or River Nura is a major watercourse of northeast-central Kazakhstan. It is about 978 kilometres (608 mi) long and drains an area of 58100 square kilometres (22400 sq mi).
 Begunjščica is a ridge mountain in Karawanks. It starts from western Smokuč Mountain Pasture (Slovene: Smokuška planina) to St. Anne (Sv. Ana) on eastern side. There are many peaks the highest is Big Peak (Veliki vrh 2060 metres or 6760 feet) western Middle Peak (Srednji vrh) lies a little lower the lowest is Begunjska Vrtača (1997 m or 6552 ft). Southern slopes rise over the Draga Valley. The ascent to mountain is relatively easy and possible throughout the year.
 The Ogașu Hobiței is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 De Vico is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the southwest part of the Moon to the south of the crater Sirsalis. To the west-northwest is Crüger. De Vico is a circular bowl-shaped formation with a small flat bottom at the midpoint. To the northwest is the lava-flooded remains of De Vico T. Beyond is a linear rille designated Rimae Sirsalis that follows a path to the northeast past the rim of Sirsalis.
 The Dobra River is a tributary of the Răchita River in Romania.
 The Vendée is a small river in western France right tributary to the river Sèvre Niortaise. Its source is near L'Absie in the west of the Deux-Sèvres département. For a few km it forms the border between the départements Vendée (named after the river) and Charente-Maritime before it flows into the Sèvre Niortaise near Marans.It flows through the following départements and towns:Deux-Sèvres: Saint-Paul-en-Gâtine Vendée: Mervent Fontenay-le-Comte Velluire L'Île-d'ElleCharente-Maritime
 Lac de Bret is a lake in the municipality of Puidoux in the canton of Vaud Switzerland. It is located north of Lake Geneva. The natural lake is used as a drinking water reservoir for the city of Lausanne. The first dam was built 1875 to supply water for the Lausanne-Ouchy funicular.
 Fesenkov is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the east-southeast of the prominent crater Tsiolkovskiy and less than a crater diameter to the north of Stark.This is an eroded feature with an outer rim that has been irregular and somewhat rugged due to a history of lesser bombardments in the vicinity. The interior floor is somewhat uneven particularly in the eastern half and there is a central rise at the midpoint.
 May Inlet is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is a natural bay in Sir William Parker Strait by northern Bathurst Island.
 The Ranchinu River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 The Cracul Mare River is a headwater of the Agăstin River in Romania.
 Storegut is a mountain in Jotunheimen National Park in southern Norway. The border between the counties of Oppland and Sogn og Fjordane is close to the summit.
 The Nesse is a river in Werra-Meißner District North Hessen Germany. It is 5.9 km long.
 The Ilișoara Mare River is a headwater of the Ilişoara River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Cocoş and Curcubeul
 The Bon Accord River is a river of Grenada.
 The Urechioiu River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
 The Melchior River is a river of the Federal District in central Brazil.
 The Schoharie Reservoir is a small reservoir in the Catskill Mountains of New York State that was created to be one of 19 reservoirs that supplies New York City with water. It was created by impounding Schoharie Creek. Portions of it lie in the towns of Conesville and Gilboa in Schoharie County Roxbury in Delaware County and Prattsville in Greene County.
 The Espee Range is a subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located between Pelly Creek and Tucha Creek in northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Tifan River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 The Bundara River (formerly known as the Bundara Mungee River and the Bundarah River) is a river of Gippsland in eastern Victoria Australia. It rises east of Mount Hotham and Mount Loch in the Australian Alps and flows into the Big River about 2 km north of Anglers Rest.
 The Passo Fedaia is a mountain pass traversed by a paved road in the Dolomiti Range in Northern Italy. It lies at the northern base of the Marmolada the highest peak in the region and the Dolomiti. It is known for its beauty for Lago Fedaia and for its use in the Giro d'Italia. It was also used as a location for the film Italian Job. It is the site of the Passo Fedaia and Marmolada Gletscher ski areas.
 The Bistra Mare River is a headwater of the Bistra River in Romania.
 The 120-acre Brick Township Reservoir site located on Herbertsville and Sally Ike Roads is a source of municipal water for towns in Ocean County New Jersey and is owned by the Brick Township Municipal Utilities Authority. The reservoir while often referred to as Brick Reservoir is actually located in both Brickand Wall Townships with 80 of the 120 acres within Wall Township borders.
 Hollister Peak is a 1404 feet (428 m) volcanic plug located near Morro Bay California. It is one of the Nine Sisters and receives its name from the family that lived at its base in 1884. It was of religious importance to the Chumash. Hollister Peak is on private property but within certain days of the year the peak is open to the public to climb during holiday's and for Indian tribes for religious purposes.
 Monbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Baransky (Russian: Вулкан Баранского Vulkan Baranskogo; Japanese: 指臼岳 Sashiusu-dake) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Iturup Island Kuril Islands Russia.The volcano is named after Nikolay Baransky Soviet economic geographer.
 The North Newport River is a 26-mile-long (42 km) tidal river in Liberty County in the U.S. state of Georgia. It rises just west of Interstate 95 15 miles (24 km) south of Richmond Hill and flows generally east-southeast to its mouth at the Medway River and St. Catherines Sound on the Atlantic Ocean.
 Shishapangma also called Gosainthān is the fourteenth-highest mountain in the world and at 8013 m (26289 ft) the lowest of the eight-thousanders. It was the last 8000 metre peak to be climbed due to its location entirely within Tibet and the restrictions on visits by foreigners to the region imposed by national Chinese and regional Tibetan authorities.
 The Little Mule Mountains are a mountain range in Imperial County California.Colorado DesertLower Colorado River Valley↑ 1.0 1.1
 Vlašić (Serbian Cyrillic: Влашић pronounced [ʋlâʃitɕ]) is a low mountain in western Serbia between towns of Osečina and Koceljeva. Its highest peak has an elevation of 474 meters above sea level.
 The Yumurí is a river in Cuba which drains into the Straits of Florida in the historic city (and provincial capital) Matanzas. The river begins in the village of Imias and winds its way through 54.2 km including a steep 220 metre canyon with walls 200 m high.The Yumurí valley is claimed to be one of the island's most scenic noted for the biodiversity of its flora and fauna as well as a variety of archaeological sites.
 The Ochsen (or Ochse) is a 2188.4 metres high mountain in the Bernese Alps overlooking Schwefelbergbad in the canton of Bern.This mountain will have both the joy of walkers (walk on required) and make-up artists.There is louigrat the easiest path (T3 slightly exposed at the top: very steep rocky corridors).
 The Tête aux Chamois (2525 m) is a summit of the Diablerets massif overlooking the Col du Pillon in the canton of Vaud. It is accessible by aerial tramway from the Col du Pillon and from Reusch via Oldenegg (canton of Bern). From the summit of the Tête aux Chamois another aerial tramway leads to the summit of the Sex Rouge and the nearby Tsanfleuron Glacier.On the northern cliffs is a via ferrata.
 The Martin Creek Mountains are a mountain range in Humboldt County Nevada.
 The Mechi River is a trans-boundary river flowing through Nepal and India. It is a tributary of the Mahananda River.
 Jabal Yis is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Saline River is an 80-mile-long (130 km) tributary of the Little River in southwestern Arkansas in the United States. Via the Little and Red rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.It rises in the Ouachita Mountains in southeastern Polk County in the Ouachita National Forest and flows generally south through Howard County and along Howard County's boundary with Sevier County through Dierks Lake which is formed by a U.S. Army Corps of Engineers dam.
 The Matrullas River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Rtanj (pronounced [r̩̂ːtaɲ]) is a mountain situated in eastern Serbia approximately 200 km southeast of Belgrade between towns of Boljevac on north and Sokobanja on south. It belongs to the Serbian Carpathians. Its highest peak is Šiljak (pronounced [ʃǐːʎak]) (1565 m) a natural phenomenon of karst terrain.The north side of the mountain is covered with forests and shrubs full of autochthonous plant species and plenty of sources of potable water. A hunting ground covers 6368 ha.
 Iñuma (Aymara hispanicized spelling Inuma) is a mountain in the Barroso mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5675 metres (18619 ft) high. It is situated in the Tacna Region Tacna Province Palca District and in the Tarata Province Tarata District. Iñuma lies northeast of the mountain Khuruña north of the mountain Awkitaypi (Auquitaipe) and northwest of the Q'asiri massif.
 Ashburn is a river in the Dartmoor moors in Devon in south-west England flowing through the Ashburton valley to the River Dart.The River Ashburn is a small river on Dartmoor rising near Rippon Tor flowing through the town of Ashburton and joining with the river Dart near Buckfastleigh. The source of the river is on Horridge Common at a height of 365 metres.
 Mount Overlord (73°10′S 164°36′E) is a very large mountain which is an extinct stratovolcano situated at the northwest limit of Deception Plateau 50 miles inland from the Ross Sea and just east of the head of Aviator Glacier in Victoria Land. Its asymmetrical cone is on the edge of a plateau above Aviator Glacier. While most of the cone is ice-covered Mount Overlord does have a 1.2-mile (.8 kilometer) diameter caldera.
 The Valea Cuciului River is a tributary of the Valea Cohului River in Romania.
 The Valea lui Bran River is a tributary of the Jijila River in Romania.
 The Ernée is a river in the department of Mayenne Pays de la Loire France. Its source is in the canton of Gorron and it flows through the communes of Ernée Chailland Andouillé and Saint-Germain-le-Fouilloux before flowing into the Mayenne River (right bank) at Saint-Jean-sur-Mayenne.
 The Sibila River is a tributary of the Strâmbu-Băiuţ River in Romania.
 Lake Metelys is located in southern Lithuania's Alytus County. The lake covering 1292 hectares has a maximum depth of 15 metres. It lies with the boundaries of Meteliai Regional Park. Lake Metelys formed from melted ice lump.The lake is a notable waterfowl habitat; populations of Great Crested Grebes Greylag Goose and the globally near-threatened Ferruginous Duck have been observed there.
 Awbeg River (Irish: An Abhainn Bheag meaning the small river) is a river in the southern part of Ireland. It is a tributary of the Blackwater River and flows into that larger river at a point in County Cork. Its name comes from the Irish Abha Bheag (small river a slightly older form than the modern Irish name).
 The Putna River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Putna Întunecoasă and Putna Noroioasă near the village of Hagota
 The Mâloasa River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Sierra de Cazorla is a mountain range of the Prebaetic System in the Jaén Province in Spain. It is named after the town of Cazorla. Its highest point is the 1847 m high Gilillo peak.
 Cheonjibong (Gangwon-do) is a mountain of South Korea. It has an altitude of 1087 metres
 The Chi River (Chinese: 池河; pinyin: Chí Hé) is a Chinese river that is tributary to the Hanshui or Han River which ultimately flows into the Yangtze. Its total length is 114 kilometres (71 mi) and drains an area of 1033 square kilometres (399 sq mi). The difference in elevation between its source and mouth is 1914 metres (6280 ft).
 Snipe Loch (NS385173) or Loch Snipe is a freshwater loch. It is situated in a low lying area close to the B742 road next to Clocaird Farm in the Parish of Coylton East Ayrshire Scotland. The loch lies to the north of Martnaham Loch 5 miles (7 km) east of Ayr.
 Melette is a mountain massif in the Veneto region in Northern Italy. Its highest elevation is 1824 metres.The main summits of the massif are: Monte Fior 1824 m Monte Spil 1808 m Monte Miela 1782 m Monte Castelgomberto 1771 m Monte Meletta Davanti 1704 m Monte Meletta di Gallio 1676 m Monte Tondarecar 1673 m
 The Dent de Lys is a mountain in the Bernese Alps overlooking the valley of Gruyère in the Swiss canton of Fribourg.The closes localitie are Les Paccots (west) and Montbovon (east). The summit can be reached by a trail starting at the Col de Lys.
 The Dents Blanches (from French lit. White Teeth) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps on the Swiss-French border. It is composed of several summit of which the Dent de Barme is the highest.
 Mount Gongga (simplified Chinese: 贡嘎山; traditional Chinese: 貢嘎山; pinyin: Gònggá Shān) also known as Minya Konka (Khams Tibetan pinyin: Mi'nyâg Gong'ga Riwo) is the highest mountain in Sichuan province China. It is also known to locals as The King of Sichuan Mountains.
 The Ribeirão Santa Maria is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Maple Mountain is a mountain located within Lady Evelyn-Smoothwater Provincial Park Northeastern Ontario Canada estimated 642 m (2106 ft) above mean sea level. It has a higher vertical rise over the surrounding landscape 37 m (121 ft) higher than the Ishpatina Ridge which is the highest point of land in Ontario rising over Scarecrow Lake. Maple Mountain rises over Tupper Lake and is considerably better known than Ishpatina Ridge.
 El Negrell is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1345 metres above sea level.
 Mushaway Peak is a small but conspicuous butte located 4 mi (6.4 km) southeast of Gail in central Borden County Texas. It is one of the region's most venerable landmarks.The summit of this peak rises to an altitude of 2851 ft (869 m) above sea level which is roughly the same altitude as the high plains of the Llano Estacado 10 mi (16 km) to the northwest.
 The Schwale is an approximately 16 kilometer long river in Schleswig-Holstein Germany. The origin is in the district Segeberg close to Gönnebek the mouth is in the independent town Neumünster. In the centre of Neumünster the river is dammed to an artificial lake from the medieval times to operate a water mill.
 Mount Nansen is a prominent mountain surmounting the steep eastern escarpment of the Eisenhower Range 17 km (11 mi) south of Mount Baxter in Victoria Land. Discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901–04) and named for Fridtjof Nansen Norwegian Arctic explorer from whom Capt.
 La Moleta or Moleta d'Alfara is a mountain of the Serra de l'Espina a northern prolongation of the Ports de Tortosa-Beseit Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 812 metres above sea level. La Moleta rises about 5 km NNW above the village of Alfara de Carles. It is readily identifiable from afar for its striking squarish shape contrasts sharply with the other summits of the mountain chain.
 The Yu River (Russian: Ю) is a river in the north of Russia. It flows on the territory of the Komi Republic south-east in the upstream and south-west in the downstream from its source close to Chasovo Komi.The Yu falls into the Vychegda River.
 Greig Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island west of Buttle Lake in Strathcona Provincial Park.
 Reutibach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Tulburea River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania
 The Lochberg is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking the Göscheneralpsee in the canton of Uri. It lies on the chain that separates the Göschenertal from the Urserental east of the Winterstock.The closest locality is Realp on the southern side.
 Schwabinger Eisbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Logging Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Logging Lake is one of the longest lakes in Glacier National Park at 6 miles (9.7 km) in length. The Lower Logging Lake Snowshoe Cabin and Boathouse are two structures located near the southwestern end of Logging Lake and are on the National Register of Historic Places.
 The Coldwater River is a river in the Unorganized North Part of Algoma District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin is a tributary of Lake Superior and its entire course lies within Lake Superior Provincial Park.
 Huaytunas Lake is a lake in the Yacuma Province Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 146 m its surface area is 329.5 km².
 The Paltinu River is a headwater of the Rândibou river in Romania.
 The Root River is a river in Algoma District in northeastern Ontario Canada. It flows from Upper Island Lake at the community of Island Lake to its mouth at the St. Marys River.
 The San Dieguito River is a major river in Southern California USA. Its headwaters rise on the southern slope of the Volcan Mountains in San Diego County and the river flows generally southwest for 23.8 miles (38.3 km) draining 346 square miles (900 km2) before emptying into the Pacific Ocean 20 miles (32 km) north of San Diego.
 Steins Peak is a 5864-foot (1787 m) high mountain in Hidalgo County New Mexico. It lies south of the upper reach of Doubtful Canyon. It is located 0.3 miles (0.5 km) east of the Arizona New Mexico State line and 8 miles (13 km) north northwest of Steins New Mexico.
 The Curița River is a tributary of the Caşin River in Romania.
 Glassy Mountain is a mountain close to Pickens South Carolina USA in Northwestern South Carolina with a summit elevation of 1647 feet (502 m) above mean sea level. While it is an isolated monadnock it is still close to the Blue Ridge providing views of nearby summits such as Table Rock and Caesar's Head as well as Greenville. The mountain gets its name from a large bare granite face on its North side.
 Dünsberg is a mountain slightly northwest of Gießen in Hesse Germany.On the southern slope of the hill grave mounds were found from the Neolithic and the Bronze Age. Fortification systems of the hill are detectable from the Urnfield period (8th century BC). The outer ramparts of the hillfort had 14 gates. The Celtic settlement (oppidum) reached its height during the La Tene period (about the 3rd century BC).
 Patience Lake is a lake in central Saskatchewan Canada east of Saskatoon. The lake is located in the rural municipality of Blucher No. 343.
 Chico Martinez Creek formerly Arroyo Chico Martinez is a stream with its source located in the Temblor Range in Kern County California near to the San Luis Obispo County boundary. Its source is located 10.7 miles north of Soda Lake California in the middle of the Carrizo Plain. The creek runs generally east and northeast to terminate just east of the South Belridge Oil Field. In years of heavy rainfall it may have been a tributary to the Kern River between Buena Vista Lake and Tulare Lake.
 The Runculeț River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Frischhofsbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Crooked Creek is a 9.9-mile-long (15.9 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in southeastern Minnesota.
 Willow Creek is a tributary of the Colorado River approximately 35 miles (56 km) long in north central Colorado in the United States.It rises in northwestern Grand County in the Arapaho National Forest south of Willow Creek Pass at the continental divide. It flows southeast through Willow Creek Reservoir and joins the Colorado three miles northeast of Granby.
 Crescent Glacier is a 5.5-mile-long (9 km) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It trends northwest on the east bank of College Fjord 55 miles (89 km) west of Valdez. It was named by members of the 1899 Harriman Alaska Expedition.
 The Crângul Mușii River is a tributary of the Ialomicioara River in Romania.
 Mount Fitch is the third-highest peak in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts at 3110 feet (950 m). It is located on the ridge between Mount Greylock at 3491 feet (1064 m) to its South and Mount Williams at 2956 feet (901 m) to its North. The peak sits in the Northwest corner of the Town of Adams (originally known as the Town of East Hoosac) in Berkshire County. The forested summit is approximately 123 yards (112 m) due West of a local high-point on the Appalachian Trail.
 Saenger is an ancient lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon just beyond the eastern limb. To the west-northwest is the crater Erro and due north lies Moiseev. To the northeast is Al-Khwarizmi.The outer rim of Saenger has been eroded and reshaped by subsequent impacts leaving the outer wall nearly destroyed to the north and south. The satellite crater Saenger D is adjacent to the interior of the northeastern rim.
 Ben Lomond is a plateau in the north of Tasmania. It is east of Launceston in the Ben Lomond National Park. Tasmania's premier Alpine skiing operations are located at Ben Lomond with downhill skiing facilities in the State.Its accessibility from Launceston together with the existence of a ski village on the plateau make Ben Lomond an all year round favourite for tourists and hikers.
 Lost Mountain is a mountain in Pushmataha County Oklahoma located approximately 10 miles northwest of Antlers Oklahoma. It is a part of the Kiamichi Mountains a subrange of the Ouachita Mountains.Its summit is 791 feet above sea level.The commonly accepted definition of mountain calls for a mountain’s summit to top 1000 feet in elevation. In that sense Lost Mountain qualifies as a hill. Lost Mountain is notable for its unusual isolation.
 Sirretta Peak is a mountain located in the southern Sierra Nevada in California. It rises to an elevation of 9982 feet (3043 m) north of Highway 178 and Lake Isabella. The high elevation means that most of the precipitation the mountain receives is snow.
 Sgùrr na Càrnach is a Scottish mountain situated on the northern side of Glen Shiel 24 kilometres south east of Kyle of Lochalsh. The mountain is part of one of the best views in the Western Highlands as it is one of three mountains which make up the Five Sisters of Kintail (the other two being Sgùrr Fhuaran and Sgùrr na Ciste Duibhe). The mountain reaches a height of 1002 metres (3270 feet) and is classed as a Munro.
 The Cornetu River is a tributary of the Taudor River in Romania.
 Wantsan (Quechua hispanicized spellings Huantsan Huantsán Huantzan Huantzán) or Tunshu is a mountain in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Ancash Region of Peru and is part of the Cordillera Blanca mountain range a sub-range of the Andes. It has an elevation of 6369 metres above sea level.
 Baron Lake is an alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. Sawtooth National Forest trail 101 goes to the lake.Baron Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Upper Baron Lake is upstream of Baron Lake while Little Baron Lake is downhill but not in the same sub-basin.
 Zeno is a lunar impact crater located near the northwestern limb of the Moon. It lies to the east-southeast of the crater Mercurius. Farther to the east of Zeno along the limb is the well-formed crater Boss.The rim of Zeno is slightly distorted and has received some erosion due to subsequent impacts. There is a depression in the surface attached to the eastern rim forming a bulging extension. Small craters lie on the southern rim and across the interior of the northern wall.
 Monte Cinto (Corsican: Monte Cintu) is the highest mountain on the island of Corsica a région of France. Its elevation is 2706 m and so is its prominence making it one of the most prominent peaks in Europe.Its location gives it a theoretical panorama of mountains on mainland Europe stretching from near Marseille to Rome.
 The Little Piute Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County California.
 Malliner See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 39.6 m its surface area is 0.731 km².
 The Lucava River or Lucova River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Părăginosu River is a tributary of the Rudăreasa River in Romania
 Kleebach is a 27 km long left tributary of the Lahn river in Hesse Germany.
 For the mountain in Antarctica see Mount Trident (Antarctica).Trident Volcano is an eroded volcanic complex consisting of numerous domes (up to 23) as high as 6115 feet (1864 m) in elevation along a northeast-southwest oriented volcanic front on the Pacific Ocean side of the Alaska Peninsula.
 The Cenischia (French: La Cenise) is a mountain torrent which straddles the south-west French department of Savoie and the north-west Italian Province of Turin. Part of the Po basin it is a left tributary of the Dora Riparia and forms the valley called the Val Cenischia which marks the boundary between the Graian Alps to the north and the Cottian Alps to the south.The sources are in France near the Col du Mont Cenis (Italian: Colle del Moncenisio).
 Brighstone Down is a chalk down on the Isle of Wight. It is located close to the village of Brighstone in the southwest of the island (the Back of the Wight) and rises to 214 metres at its highest point northeast of the village of Mottistone.Towards the west part is called Mottistone Down to the East Shorwell Down.The Northern part is covered by Brighstone Forest the largest forest on the Island.
 The Villgraten Mountains (German: Villgratner Berge) or Deferegg Alps (Deferegger Alpen) also called the Defreggen Mountains (Defreggengebirge archaically also with ff) are a subgroup of the Austrian Central Alps within the Eastern Alps of Europe.
 The Izvorul Sec River is a tributary of the Valea Vinului River in Romania.
 Skootamatta Lake is a lake in the Lake Ontario drainage basin in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County Ontario Canada. It is 2.7 kilometres (1.7 mi) west of Cloyne and Bon Echo Provincial Park is located just to the north. The lake's name is thought to come from Ojibwa words meaning burnt shoreline.
 Qullpa Qucha (Quechua qullpa salty saltpeter qucha lake hispanicized spellings Collpa Cocha Collpacocha Khollpa Khocha Kollpa Q'ocha) is a Bolivian lake located in Vacas Municipality Arani Province Cochabamba Department.Its surface area is 2.3 km2 (0.89 sq mi).
 Ulster (Werra) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Le Parrain is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located east of Fionnay in the canton of Valais. Its summit (3259 m) lies within the valley of Bagnes but near the watershed with the valley of Hérens.Le Parrain is a common name for designating the godfather in French hence the mountain's name is in English The Godfather.
 Daubrée is a lunar crater that is located to the southwest of the Mare Serenitatis just to the west-southwest of the crater Menelaus in the Montes Haemus range. The small lunar mare Lacus Hiemalis lies along the southwest rim of Daubrée.This is a horseshoe-shaped formation with the rim open to the northwest. The interior has been flooded by basaltic lava leaving a level featureless floor.
 Flat Creek is a 34.0-mile-long (54.7 km) tributary of the Appomattox River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It rises just east of the town of Burkeville in Nottoway County and flows north into Amelia County then northeast to join the Appomattox River 28 miles (45 km) northwest of Petersburg.
 Segura (Spanish: [seˈɣuɾa] Valencian: [seˈɣuɾa]; Latin: Thader Arabic: شقورة War-Alabiat) is a medium-sized river in southeastern Spain. It is named after Sierra de Segura the range where it has its source[citation needed].
 The Diamantino River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 TheSan Jorge River is a river Colombia born in National Park Paramillo (departments of Antioch and Córdoba) and that runs between the mountains of San Geronimo and Ayapel before flowing into the River Cauca in Sucre Department.The drainage basin comprises 96500 km ² in the southeast of department of Córdoba and channel the waters of the swamp Ayapel to the basin Mompox bathed in its way departments Caribbean Cordoba Sucre and Bolivar. Its tributaries are the rivers San Pedro Dirty and Ure.
 The Serra da Boa Vista is a mountain located in the central interior of Ceará. It is located in the municipality of Itatira. With a view to long distance and lush landscapes of the semi-arid region so named Serra da Boa Vista.
 The São Francisco River (Jequitinhonha River) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Andirá River is a river of Acre and Amazonas states in western Brazil.
 Lake Tōgō (東郷池 Tōgō-ike) is a lake in Japan separated from the Sea of Japan by a narrow coastal strip. It is in Yurihama in Tottori Prefecture.
 Schochen is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Sperry Hills are a low mountain range in the northern Mojave Desert—southern Amargosa Desert region in northeastern San Bernardino County southern California.They are located south of Shoshone east of Death Valley National Park and west of the Dumont Hills.
 The Ottawa River also known as Ottawa Creek is a short river approximately 20 miles (32 km) long (or about 48 miles (77 km) if Tenmile Creek the longest tributary is included) in northwest Ohio and southeast Michigan in the United States. It drains an area on the Ohio-Michigan border along the eastern and northern fringes of the city of Toledo goes through Ottawa Hills and empties directly into Lake Erie.
 Erebato River is a river of Venezuela tributary of the Caura River. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Leevaku paisjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Blue Job Mountain is a mountain in Farmington New Hampshire. It has a fire tower at the summit and numerous trails most commonly accessed from First Crown Point Road in neighboring Strafford crisscross the mountain. Blue Job Mountain State Forest occupies 284 acres (115 ha) around the summit.
 Scree Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. While no trails lead to the lake it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 047.Scree Lake is northeast of Merriam Peak upstream of Baker Lake and Noisy Lakes and downstream of Shallow Lake.
 The Dichiu River is a tributary of the Cărpeniș River in Romania.
 The Spotted Range is a mountain range in Clark County Nevada.
 Terrys Creek an urban watercourse that is part of the Parramatta River catchment is located in Northern Suburbs region of Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Ringedalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Odda in Hordaland county Norway. The lake is the main reservoir for a hydropower production in Tyssedal that provides electricity for the power intensive industry in Odda. The 521 m (1709 feet) wide 33 m (108 feet) high Ringedals Dam was constructed during the years 1910–1918.
 Rendezvous Peak (10927 feet (3331 m)) is in the Teton Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Situated just south of Grand Teton National Park and within Bridger-Teton National Forest Rendezvous Peak is the highest point on Rendezvous Mountain.
 The Nini is a river in south-western Ghana. It is one of the rivers for which the Nini-Suhien National Park (now incorporated into the Ankasa Conservation Area) was named. It flows into the Tano River.
 Mount Gibraltar (Aboriginal: Bowrell) is a mountain with an elevation of 863 metres (2831 ft) AHD  that is located in the Southern Highlands region between Bowral and Mittagong in New South Wales Australia. Located at the base of Mount Gibraltar is Berrima.
 Mount Chortiatis or Hortiatis (Greek: Όρος Χορτιάτη Χορτιάτης) known in Antiquity as Cissus or Kissos is a mountain in Central Macedonia Greece. It rises southeast of Thessaloniki peaking at 1201 metres. Besides the city of Thessaloniki there are several suburbs and villages located on the foothills of Chortiatis most notably Chortiatis and the affluent suburb of Panorama both of them belonging in the Pylaia-Chortiatis municipality.
 Nimnim Lake is a lake located south of south end Comox Lake.
 Sespe Creek is a stream some 61 miles (98 km) long in Ventura County southern California in the Western United States.
 Mount Shuksan is a glaciated massif in the North Cascades National Park. Shuksan rises in Whatcom County Washington immediately to the east of Mount Baker and 11.6 miles (18.7 km) south of the Canadian border. The mountain's name Shuksan is derived from the Lummi word [šéqsən] said to mean high peak. The highest point on the mountain is a three sided peak known as Summit Pyramid.
 The Izvorul Alb River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania.
 The Date Creek Mountains are a short arid range in southwest Yavapai County Arizona. Congress is on its southeast foothills and Wickenburg lies 15 mi (24 km) southeast.
 Mount Chown is Alberta's 36th highest peak. It was named by Chown Reverend Samuel Dwight. It is located in the northwest corner of Jasper National Park on the border with the Willmore Wilderness Park. It lies between two glaciers the Chown Glacier and the Resthaven Glacier.
 The river Lézarde is one of the rivers that flow from the plateau of the southern Pays de Caux in the Seine-Maritime département of Haute-Normandie into the Seine. The river rises at Saint-Martin-du-Bec and passes Notre-Dame-du-Bec Rolleville Épouville Montivilliers and joins the Seine at Harfleur.
 Burckhardt is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northeast part of the Moon. It lies between the craters Geminus just to the north and Cleomedes to the south.Burckhardt lies across two slightly smaller craters on opposite sides producing a triple-crater formation. Burckhardt E is overlaid by the southwest quadrant of Burckhardt while Burckhardt F is overlaid by the northwest quadrant. The rim of Burckhardt is generally circular but somewhat irregular in form.
 The Nahoni Range is a mountain range in the Yukon Canada. It has an area of 4535 km2 and is a subrange of the Ogilvie Mountains which in turn form part of the Yukon Ranges.
 The Buffalo Hills are a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada.
 The Malo River (Teno) is a river of Chile.
 The Mayer River is a river of Chile. It flows into the O'Higgins/San Martin Lake the deepest lake in the Americas.
 The Gurktal Alps (German: Gurktaler Alpen Slovene: Krške Alpe) are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps in Austria named after the valley of the Gurk River.
 Fintau is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Paraú River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 Big Pine Mountain is a mountain located in the San Rafael Mountains of the California Transverse Ranges. High enough to receive snowfall during the winterThe summit at 6820+ feet (2073+ m) is the highest point in the San Rafael Mountains the Dick Smith Wilderness and Santa Barbara County.
 The Zittau Mountains (German: Zittauer Gebirge) formerly also called the Lusatian Ridge (Lausitzer Kamm Czech. Žitavské hory) refer to the German part of the Lusatian Mountains that straddle the Saxon-Bohemian border in the extreme southeast of the German state of Saxony.
 The Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon begins at Boundary Springs on the border between Klamath and Douglas counties near the northern edge of Crater Lake National Park. The Rogue River flows generally west for 215 miles (346 km) from the Cascade Range through the Rogue River – Siskiyou National Forest and the Klamath Mountains to the Pacific Ocean at Gold Beach.
 Peters Creek is a 7.3-mile-long (11.7 km) stream in San Mateo County California and is a tributary of Pescadero Creek. It flows southwestwards through a small canyon to join Pescadero Creek in Portola Redwoods State Park near La Honda.
 The Saint Paul River is a river of western Africa. Its headwaters are in southeastern Guinea. Its upper portion in Guinea is known as the Diani River or Niandi River and forms part of the boundary between Guinea and Liberia. The river then enters Liberia about 50 km (31 mi) north of Gbarnga and crosses Liberia in a southwesterly direction.
 The New Bedford River also known as the Hundred Foot Drain because of the distance between the tops of the two embankments on either side of the river is a man-made cut-off or by-pass channel of the River Great Ouse in the Fens of Cambridgeshire England. It provides an almost straight channel between Earith and Denver Sluices. It is tidal with reverse tidal flow being clearly visible at Welney some 19 miles (31 km) from the sea.
 Les Ordons (995 m) is a mountain of the Jura located north-east of the Col des Rangiers in the canton of Jura.
 The Wilhelmina Mountains (Dutch: Wilhelminagebergte) are a mountain range in central Suriname that extends about 113 km (70 mi) from west to east. Its highest peak is Julianatop with 1280 m (4200 ft). Another high peak is the Tafelberg. It is named after the Queen Wilhelmina. The Wilhelmina Mountains are part of the Tumucumaque Uplands of the Guiana Shield.
 The Porcu River is a tributary of the Secu River in Romania.
 Jacks Creek is a 15-mile (24 km) long tributary of the Bruneau River in Owyhee County Idaho. Beginning at the confluence of Big Jacks Creek and Little Jacks Creek at an elevation of 2779 feet (847.0 m) southwest of Bruneau it flows generally northeast to its mouth at C. J. Strike Reservoir at an elevation of 2457 feet (748.9 m). It was named after Jack Turner a rancher who settled the area in 1869.
 Batnfjord or Batnfjorden is a fjord in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 10-kilometre (6.2 mi) long fjord begins at the village of Batnfjordsøra the municipal center of Gjemnes Municipality and runs to the northeast toward the island of Bergsøya where it joins the Tingvollfjorden. Other villages on the shores of the fjord include Gjemnes Torvikbukt and Øre. The European route E39 highway runs along the northern shore of the fjord.
 Taapaca is part of the Nevados de Putre volcanic complex. It is a complex volcano located in Chile's XV region of Tarapaca and towers over the picturesque town of Putre. Tarapaca was a ceremonial site for the Inca people and it is partially contained within the boundaries of Lauca National Park.
 Arichuwa (Aymara or Quechua for a kind of potatoes hispanicized spellings Arechua Arichua) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 5150 metres (16896 ft) high. It is located in the Puno Region Puno Province in the south of the Acora District.
 The Baciu River is a tributary of the Văsălatu River in Romania.
 Ettenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Keenjhar Lake (Urdu: ڪينجهر جھیل ‎Sindhi: ڪينجهر ڍنڍ) commonly called Kalri Lake (Urdu: کلری جھیل ‎Sindhi: ڪلڙي ڍنڍ ) is situated in Thatta District Sindh Pakistan. It is 122 km away from Karachi and 18 km away from the town of Thatta. It is the second largest fresh water lake in Pakistan. It is an important source that provides drinking water to Thatta District and Karachi city.Keenjhar Lake has been declared a ramsar site and a wildlife sanctuary.
 The Sugar River is a 26.0-mile-long (41.8 km) river in Roscommon and Gladwin counties in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is a tributary of the Tittabawassee River which flows to the Saginaw River.
 The Itapanhaú River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Kupunkamint Mountain (8797 feet (2681 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Kupunkamint Mountain is in the southeastern section of Glacier National Park.
 Robe River is a river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Hamersley Range near Marana Spring then flow in a north westerly direction past the Robe River-Deepdale mine crossing the North West Coastal Highway near the Pannawonica turnoff then discharging into the Indian Ocean near Robe Point.Robe river has two tributaries; Mungarathoona Creek and Kumina Creek.The Robe is an ephemeral river and is restricted to a series of permanent pools that act as important refugia for native fauna through the dry season.The rivers experiences periodical flooding. 
 The Bucureasa Mică River is a tributary of the Bucureasa Mare River in Romania.
 The Valea Șuiorului River is a tributary of the Cavnic River in Romania.
 Silver Lake is a 969-acre (3.92 km2) water body located in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire in the town of Madison. The village of Silver Lake within Madison lies at the north end of the lake. Water from Silver Lake flows via the West Branch through the Ossipee Pine Barrens to Ossipee Lake and ultimately to the Saco River in Maine.Much of the lake's perimeter is forested but there are numerous swimming spots.
 The Großer Galtenberg is the highest mountain in the Alpbach valley in the Austrian state of Tyrol and belongs to the Kitzbühel Alps. It is 2424 m AA high is located at the southern end of the Alpbach valley and may be approached from the Alpbach suburb of Inneralpbach. The Alpbachtal ski region is located opposite the Galtenberg.From the summit there are views of Wildschönau and the Alpbach valley.
 Netze (Eder) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Tralcán (mapudungun for thunder) is a triangular shaped mount which is located near Riñihue Lake Chile. It is located south of the outflow dividing western Riñihue in two arms. Despite having been sacred to the huilliches for centuries the mount became famous when several landslides near Tralcan dammed the Riñihue Lake after the 1960 Valdivia earthquake. The water levels in the lake rose more than 20 metres and became a threat to the existence of Valdivia city.
 The Florida Ridge Hills are a small ridge of hills made of rock and mud that are found in the Florida panhandle Southwest Georgia and Southeast Alabama.
 The Chiuruţul de Mijloc River is a tributary of the Lăzarea River in Romania.
 Fox Tor is a relatively minor tor on Dartmoor in the United Kingdom. It is probably best known for the swampy land that lies beneath it Fox Tor Mires. This is said to have been the inspiration for the fictional Grimpen Mire in the novel The Hound of the Baskervilles by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle.
 Spray Lakes Reservoir is a reservoir in Alberta Canada. The Spray Lakes were a string of lakes formed along the Spray River a tributary of the Bow River. With the damming of the river the lakes were united in the Spray Lakes Reservoir.
 Näsnaren is a lake of Södermanland Sweden. It is close to the city of Katrineholm southwest of Stockholm.
 Bremecke (Möhne) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Brea Creek is one of four principal tributaries of Coyote Creek which is a lower tributary of the San Gabriel River. It drains parts of Orange Riverside and San Bernardino counties in the southern part of the U.S. state of California. The creek flows 11.7 miles (18.8 km) from the cities of Brea and Anaheim to Whittier where its mouth is on the left bank of Coyote Creek at a point 481 feet (147 m) lower in elevation.
 The Valea Crișului River is a tributary of the Săsar River in Romania.
 Ket River (Russian: Кеть) also known in its upper reaches as the Big Ket River (Russian: Большая Кеть) is a river in the Krasnoyarsk Krai and Tomsk Oblast in Russia a right tributary of the Ob River. The length of the Ket River is 1621 km. The area of its basin is 94200 km². It freezes up in late October - early November and stays under the ice until late April - early May.
 For the town of the same name see Fallbach Austria.The Fallbach is a creek in Austria. It originates near Gramart area on the Hungerburg at 900 metres (3000 ft) above sea level. It runs straight in southern direction to St. Nikolaus where it merges with the Inn River. It has a length of 7 km (4 mi) and lies in full on Innsbruck city area.The creek possesses A grade quality and provides two constructed reservoirs with drinking water which is collected and supplies the area around St.
 Esk River a perennial stream that is part of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales Australia.
 Cow Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Cow Lake is 1.25 miles (2.01 km) south-southeast of Signal Mountain and is the largest of the lakes in the potholes region of Jackson Hole.
 Lake Michigan is one of the five Great Lakes of North America and the only one located entirely within the United States. The other four Great Lakes are shared by the U.S. and Canada. It is the second largest of the Great Lakes by volume and the third largest by surface area after Lake Superior and Lake Huron (and is slightly smaller than the U.S. state of West Virginia).
 The Little Whiteface River is an 8.8-mile-long (14.2 km) river of Minnesota and the northern of two tributaries of the Whiteface River with the same name.
 Dal Lake is a lake in Srinagar the summer capital of Jammu and Kashmir. The urban lake which is the second largest in the state is integral to tourism and recreation in Kashmir and is named the Jewel in the crown of Kashmir or Srinagar's Jewel.
 Nedre Fiplingvatnet (Southern Sami: Fijhpelogkoe) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county Norway. The 10.5-square-kilometre (4.1 sq mi) lake lies just west of Børgefjell National Park. The village of Leiren is located about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) north of the lake.
 The Balta River is a tributary of the Topolnița River in Romania.
 Monte Porche is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 Mosquito Mound is a tuya in east-central British Columbia Canada located in Wells Gray Provincial Park.
 Crni Vrh (Serbian Cyrillic: Црни врх) is a mountain in southwestern Serbia above the town of Priboj. Its highest peak Crni vrh has an elevation of 1188 m (3898 ft) above sea level.
 Lake Dibawah (Indonesian: Danau Dibawah means: Lower Lake; Minangnese: Danau Dibawah) is a lake in West Sumatra Indonesia. It is located at 1°0′35″S 100°43′51″E. This lake together with Lake Diatas are known as the Twin Lakes (Danau Kembar).
 For other uses including other streams in West Virginia named Mill Creek see Mill Creek.Mill Creek is a tributary of the Ohio River 29.4 miles (47.3 km) long in western West Virginia in the United States. Via the Ohio it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 234 square miles (610 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 Mount Ariel (71°22′S 68°40′W) is a peak 1250 m marking the south limit of Planet Heights and overlooking the north side of Uranus Glacier in the east part of Alexander Island. The peak lies 3 miles (5 km) east of Atoll Nunataks Probably first seen by Lincoln Ellsworth who flew directly over it and photographed segments of this coast on November 23 1935.
 The Tusciano is a river of Campania in southern Italy.
 Ulfa is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Breithorn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Simplon in the canton of Valais. It is part of the Monte Leone massif.
 Little Butte Creek is a 17-mile-long (27 km) tributary of the Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Its drainage basin consists of approximately 354 square miles (917 km2) of Jackson County and another 19 square miles (49 km2) of Klamath County. Its two forks the North Fork and the South Fork both begin high in the Cascade Range near Mount McLoughlin and Brown Mountain. They both flow generally west until they meet near Lake Creek.
 The Groapa Seacă River or Jivinele River is a tributary of the Jieţ in Romania.
 San Francisco Lake is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 138 m its surface area is 12.7 km².
 Piz Muraun is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located near Disentis in the canton of Graubünden. It lies between the Val Medel and the Val Sumvitg.
 Holgate Glacier is a glacier located in the U.S. state of Alaska in Kenai Fjords National Park.
 Toddbrook Reservoir was built in 1831 as a feeder for the Peak Forest Canal. It is sited above the town of Whaley Bridge in the High Peak Derbyshire. The reservoir is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI). It provides habitat for herons ducks and other animals and fish. Also rare mosses and liverworts grow on its shores particularly short-lived species that grow on seasonally exposed mud. The reservoir is also used for sailing and angling.
 The Amme (also known as Aame Ame and Amedi) is a 59 km (37 mi) long river mostly in Vooremaa Estonia. It is a left tributary of the Emajõgi. Its source is the Lake Kuremaa near Palamuse and it passes through the Lake Kaiavere Lake Elistvere and drains into the Emajõgi near the site of former Kärkna Abbey. The basin area of Amme is 501 km2 (193 sq mi).
 Les Bans (3669 m) is a mountain in the Massif des Écrins in the Dauphiné Alps first climbed by W. A. B. Coolidge Christian Almer and U. Almer on July 14 1878.There are three main summits on the mountain: South summit 3669 m North-west summit 3630 m North summit 3662 m
 Schlinge is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Bolshaya Kumina (Russian: Большая Кумина) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Asovka River which in turn is a tributary of Barda River. The length of the river is 17 km.
 The Cedar Pocket Dam is a dam in southeast Queensland Australia. It provides regulated water supplies along Deep Creek a tributary of the Mary River.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Bădeni river in Romania.
 The Touques (French pronunciation: ​[tuk]) is a small 104 km long coastal river in Pays d'Auge in Normandy France. The Touques is officially navigable up to the Pont des Belges 800 m from its estuary. Its source is in the Perche hills south of Gacé. The river runs northwards and flows into the English Channel between the communes of Deauville and Trouville-sur-Mer in North-Western Calvados.
 Snowy Mountain is a stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula of Alaska United States.
 Choctawhatchee Bay is a bay in the Emerald Coast region of the Florida Panhandle. The bay located within Okaloosa and Walton counties has a surface area of 129 mi2 (334 km2). It is an inlet of the Gulf of Mexico connected to it through East Pass (also known as Destin Pass) and it connects to Santa Rosa Sound in Fort Walton Beach Florida with the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway entering it at this point. East Pass is the only outlet of the bay into the Gulf of Mexico.
 Lago del Tafone is a lake in the Province of Grosseto Tuscany Italy.
 Steinhauser Rottum is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Tăul River is a tributary of the Bratoșa River in Romania.
 Conewago Creek is a 23.0-mile-long (37.0 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in Lebanon Dauphin and Lancaster counties in Pennsylvania in the United States. The source is at an elevation of 1100 feet (340 m) at Mount Gretna Heights in Lebanon County.
 Lake Dexter which is somewhat apostrophe shaped is a natural freshwater lake in southeast Winter Haven Florida. This lake has a 166-acre (670000 m2) surface area. It is bounded on the east and northeast by residences on the north by commercial property on the northwest by residences and along its entire southwest and southern shore area by grassland. A partially completed and abandoned residential project is in the grassland at the very south side of Lake Dexter.
 The Nechizel River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
 Honwee Mountain east summit 2313 feet (705 m) and west summit 2280 feet (690 m) is a prominent mountain in the Taconic Mountains of western Massachusetts. The mountain is located in Pittsfield State Forest. The east (highest) summit is traversed by the Honwee Circuit multi-use trail. The west summit is crossed by the 35 mi (56 km) Taconic Crest hiking trail and the 12.1 mi (19.5 km) multi-use Taconic Skyline Trail. The mountain is wooded with northern hardwood forest species.
 Kalterbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Atlantic Peak (12495 feet (3808 m)) is located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Atlantic Peak sits along the Continental Divide less than 1 mi (1.6 km) southeast of West Atlantic Peak.
 Cape Mountain is located 3 miles (4.8 km) southeast of Cape Prince of Wales on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. It was named by the surveyor Alfred Hulse Brooks in 1900.
 The Dobbertiner See is a lake within the Sternberger Seenlandschaft in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. It is situated immediately to the south of the municipality of Dobbertin and is about 200 kilometres (120 mi) northwest of Berlin.[citation needed]The lake is approximately 2.78 kilometres (1.73 mi) long and 0.851 kilometres (0.529 mi) wide with an average depth of 4.8 metres (16 ft) and a maximum depth of 11.8 metres (39 ft).
 The Ariranha River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Mount Kunimi (国見山 Kunimi-san) is a 1418.7 m (4655 ft) tall mountain of the Daikō Mountains. It is located on the border of Higashiyoshino Nara and Matsusaka Mie Japan
 The Frumosu River is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania.
 Brentford Bay is an Arctic waterway in Kitikmeot Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in the west of the Gulf of Boothia.To the north of the bay is Somerset Island to the west is the Murchison Promontory to the south is the Boothia Peninsula and to the east the bay opens into the Gulf of Boothia. The settlement of Fort Ross lies just north of the bay.
 Vodla (Russian: Водла Finnish: Vodlajoki) is a river in the south-east of Republic of Karelia Russia. The town of Pudozh is located along Vodla. The river rises in Lake Vodlozero a large freshwater lake in the southeastern part of Karelia. After rising in Lake Vodlozero the river flows south for 175 kilometers before turning west into Lake Onega Europe's second largest lake. From there the Vodla flows a further 224 kilometers before flowing into Lake Ladoga.
 The Amity Hills are a range of hills northeast of Amity in Yamhill County Oregon United States. A northern spur or extension of the Eola Hills they are separated from them by a pass between Amity and Hopewell. They stretch about four miles from Amity towards Dayton Prairie. With the Eola Hills they make up the Eola-Amity Hills AVA wine region. They are sometimes called the Yamhill Mountains.
 San Benito Mountain is a mountain located in the Diablo Range of California. The mountain which rises to an elevation of 5267 feet (1605 m) is the highest point in San Benito County and the Diablo Range and is also the highest point in the San Francisco Bay Area though due to distance from other cities and the inner core of the region Mount Hamilton is instead considered the region's highest point.
 The Namu River is a river in Fiordland New Zealand. It rises north of Mount Namu and flows westward into Open Cove Thompson Sound.
 The Nima River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Theodore Roosevelt Lake (usually called Roosevelt Lake sometimes Lake Roosevelt) is a large reservoir formed by Theodore Roosevelt Dam on the Salt River in Arizona as part of the Salt River Project (SRP).
 Presolana (Italian: Pizzo della Presolana) is a mountain located in Lombardy northern Italy about 35 km north of Bergamo.
 Lake Massapoag is a 353-acre (1.43 km2) natural springfed lake located in Sharon Massachusetts. The name Massapoag is Algonquin meaning large water.Lake Massapoag is the headwater of the Canoe River which flows south to join the Taunton River and empty into Narragansett Bay. It is also the headwaters of the Massapoag brook which flows into the Neponset River.
 Slight Side is a fell in the English Lake District it stands 25 kilometers east southeast of the town of Whitehaven and reaches a height of 762 m (2499 ft). Slight Side lies at the south western edge of the Scafell Massif a four kilometre long crescent of high ground which includes the highest ground in England. The fells names derives from the Old Norse language and means The mountain shieling with the level pastures it is a combination of the Norse words sletta and saetr.
 The Messapio (Greek: Μεσσάπιο also known as Ktypas (Κτυπάς)) is a small mountain range located in the northeastern part of Boeotia and the mainland part of Euboea regional unit in central Greece. It borders on the North Euboean Gulf and the Euripus Strait to the north and east. Its highest point is 1021 m. It is 20 km long and 10 to 15 km wide and covers and area of 300 km².[citation needed] It separates the area around Chalcis from the Boeotian plains around Thebes.
 The Oyapock or Oiapoque River (/ˈɔɪəpɒk/ or /ɔɪəˈpoʊkiː/; French: Fleuve Oyapock [flœv wɑjapɔk]; Portuguese: Rio Oiapoque [ɔjɐˈpɔki]) is a 370-km (230-mi)–long river in South America that forms most of the border between French Guiana and the Brazilian state of Amapá. It rises in the Tumuk Humak (Portuguese: Tumucumaque) mountain range and flows into the Atlantic Ocean where its estuary forms a large bay bordering on Cape Orange.
 The River Thame /ˈteɪm/ is a river in Southern England. It is a tributary of the River Thames.The general course of the River Thame is south-westward and it runs from each of the longest of its many sources to the River Thames about 40 miles (65 km). The Thame rises in the English county of Buckinghamshire and discharges in south-east Oxfordshire.
 Indian Lake also known as North Pond is located in northern Worcester Massachusetts. The water is brownish in color with a transparency of only five feet. The mean and maximum depths are eight and fifteen feet respectively. The bottom is muck and rock. The shoreline is heavily developed with residential dwellings and commercial buildings.
 Schwarzenberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Dinding River is the major river in Manjung district in Perak Malaysia.
 The Carnarvon Range is a mountain range in Central Queensland Australia. It is a plateau section of the Great Dividing Range. The Carnarvon Range is 160 km in length.
 Aparamán-tepui is the westernmost of the four main tepuis of the Los Testigos chain in Bolívar Venezuela. While the other three tepuis share a common slope area Aparamán is derived from a separate basement. Aparamán-tepui has an elevation of around 2100 metres (6900 ft) a summit area of 1.25 km2 (0.48 sq mi) and an estimated slope area of 28 km2 (11 sq mi).
 Tiefenbeek is a river of the German state of Lower Saxony.
 Ohm is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south of the crater Comrie and the satellite crater Comrie K is attached to Ohm's northeastern rim. To the northwest is the larger Shternberg and to the southwest is Kamerlingh Onnes.This crater is located at the origin of an extensive ray system that extends for several hundred kilometers across the surrounding lunar terrain.
 The Distelhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Grächen in the canton of Valais.
 The Dark River is a DNR-designated trout stream located approximately 10 miles north of Chisholm Minnesota. The stream offers moderate angling opportunities for Brown Trout and the occasional Northern Pike has been caught there. It begins at Dark Lakeand as this is a tributary of the Sturgeon River it ends where it meets that river.
 Anaun (Russian: Анаун) is a stratovolcano in central Kamchatka. The volcano is located to the north-east of Uksichan volcano in the southern Sredinny Range.
 The Zurkaitzegiko erreka is a torrential river of the French Basque Country (Pyrénées-Atlantiques) in the Southwest of France that flows below the village of Larrau.After joining the Olhadoko erreka from the Holtzarte Canyon it forms the Gave de Larrau.Tributaries: Nahar-ordokilako erreka Gerrendoiko erreka Harbeltzetako erreka Odeizakiko erreka Orpuneko erreka Erroimendiko erreka Larrandako erreka Haritz handiko erreka Sarrantolatzeko or Oronitzeko erreka…
 The Bettmerhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Bettmeralp in the Swiss canton of Valais. The summit can be reached with a 30 minute vertical hike after ascending most of the mountain by cable car from the car free village of Bettmeralp. Bettmeralp is accessible by cable car from the Betten train station (Matterhorn Gotthard Bahn).The Bettmerhorn summit station offers impressive views on the Bernese Alps and the Aletsch Glacier the largest in the Alps.
 Aristarchus named after the Greek astronomer Aristarchus of Samos is a prominent lunar impact crater that lies in the northwest part of the Moon's near side. It is considered the brightest of the large formations on the lunar surface with an albedo nearly double that of most lunar features. The feature is bright enough to be visible to the naked eye and is dazzling in a large telescope.
 The Vishansar Lake is an alpine high altitude oligotrophic lake situated in the vicinity of Sonamarg at an elevation of 3710 meters. It has a maximum length of 1 kilometer and maximum width of 0.6 kilometers.
 Lava Lake lies in the Cascade Range about 25 miles (40 km) west-southwest of Bend in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is a close neighbor of Little Lava Lake from which it is separated by solidified lava. Lava Lake is at an elevation of 4740 feet (1440 m) in the Deschutes National Forest. The lake covers 368 acres (149 ha) to an average depth of 20 feet (6.1 m).Lava Lake Little Lava Lake and other nearby lakes formed after lava flows from Mount Bachelor altered drainage patterns in the area.
 This article is about the lake in Highlands North Carolina. For other lakes with the same name see Harris Lake (disambiguation).Harris Lake is located just outside of Downtown Highlands North Carolina. It is a popular spot for fishing and picnicking. Harris Lake is home to many geese swans and ducks.Harris Lake is located at 35°03′00″N 83°11′37″W.The town of Highlands operates Harris Lake Park.
 The Giurcuța River is a tributary of the Someșul Cald River in Romania.
 Köllerbach (Saar) is a river of Saarland Germany.
 The Tadarimana River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Lake Manyara is a shallow lake in the Natron-Manyara-Balangida branch of the East African Rift in Manyara Region in Tanzania. Said by Ernest Hemingway to be the loveliest [lake] ...
 The Rehburg Hills (German: Rehburger Berge) are a hill range up to 161.4 m above sea level in the districts of Nienburg and Schaumburg in Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Crișan River is a tributary of the Chichirgeaua River in Romania.
 The Back Creek a perennial stream of the Richmond River catchment is located in Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales Australia.
 The Pielnica (Polish pronunciation: [pʲɛlˈɲitsa]; German: Pella or Piella 1419 Pielica 1441 Pielnyka 1512) is a river in South-Eastern Poland. Its name comes from the ancient German dialect word piella the river a tributary of the Wislok on the right bank. It begins in the Bieszczady mountains and flows through western Pogórze Bukowskie. The Pielnica arises in the Carpathian Mountains near the peak Skibce at an elevation of 776 metres near on the Polish-Slovakian border.
 Ferguson's Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Khunjerab Pass (elevation 4693 metres or 15397 feet) is a high mountain pass in the Karakoram Mountains in a strategic position on the northern border of Pakistan's Gilgit–Baltistan Hunza - Nagar District on the southwest border of the Xinjiang region of China. Its name is derived from Wakhi 'Khun' means Home and 'Jerav' means spring water/water falling.
 Moiseev is a lunar impact crater that is located just on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south-southwest of the slightly larger crater Hertz and north of Saenger. To the southeast lies the irregular crater Al-Khwarizmi.Moiseev overlies the southern rim of the larger satellite formation Moiseev Z. The crater is not significantly worn and is marked only by a few tiny craterlets in the interior.
 Trout Lake in the interior of British Columbia is a ribbon lake located south-east of Revelstoke. At the north end is Trout Lake City which in the early 1900s was a mining boomtown. It now has only a handful of permanent residents and a growing number of cabin owners that come for the holidays many from Calgary.
 Deutenberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Anders is a worn lunar impact crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies just to the southeast of the outer rim of the huge walled basin named Apollo. To the south-southeast is the crater Leavitt.The oval-shaped Anders G intrudes slightly into the southeast rim of Anders. There is a tiny double-crater formation attached to the exterior of the northeast rim and a short valley cuts into the northern wall.
 Kjelkehøene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Custer Ridge (Mount Custer) (8630 feet (2630 m)) is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. Located in the northern section of the park Custer Ridge rises to the west of Silver Lake 1.4 mi (2.3 km) north-northwest of Mount Spickard. The high point along Custer Ridge is a peak tenatively named Mount Custer which lies near the southwestern end of the ridge. Custer Ridge extends beyond the Canadian border.
 Tierra Redonda Mountain is a mountain in northwestern San Luis Obispo County California. It is in the eastern portion of the Santa Lucia Range separated from the main ridge by the Nacimiento River.
 Pitzer Run is a Pennsylvania stream flowing southward between McPherson Ridge and Seminary and Warfield Ridges through the Gettysburg Battlefield to Willoughby Run at the site of Pitzer's School which was Confederate General Longstreet's headquarters during the Battle of Gettysburg (the school burned in 1915).It was the location of an important clash between Berdan's Sharpshooters and Longstreet's corps as they were assembling prior to Pickett's charge.
 The Deavoia River is a tributary of the Râul Alb in Romania
 Mönchswalder Berg is a hill belonging to the district of Bautzen in Saxony Germany. It is a part of the Lusatian Highlands and lays approximately 3 km North of Wilthen.PanoramaThe best panoramic view can be enjoyed from the top of the viewing tower. To the North the land is flat and one sees the city of Bautzen Bautzen Reservoir the Boxberg Power-plant and by clear weather the smokestacks of the power-plant at Schwarze Pumpe.
 Lac de l'Aiguillette is a lake in Haute-Savoie France.
 The Pârâul cu Fagi is a tributary of the Valea Rece River in Romania
 Watson Pond is a small freshwater lake within Watson Pond State Park in Taunton Massachusetts USA. The lake is connected to Lake Sabbatia and much of its coastline is forested. The lake is open to the public for swimming and ice fishing.Since 1991 the Watson Pond has been listed as part of the Canoe River Aquifer Area of Critical Environmental Concern by the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.
 Besiberri Sud is a mountain of the Massís del Besiberri Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 3023.4 metres above sea level.
 Sangchris Lake is a 3022-acre (12.2 km²) reservoir located in Christian and Sangamon Counties Illinois. It was created in 1964 by damming Clear Creek a tributary of the South Fork of the Sangamon River for recreation and to serve as a source for cooling water for an adjacent electrical generating plant powered with coal. The lake is no more than 7 miles (11 km) long from headwaters to dam but so jagged is its shore that the lake's total shoreline measures 120 miles (193 km) in length.
 Osterbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Southern Ewaso Ng'iro (Brown River) is a river in the Great Rift Valley in Kenya (Africa).It plays an important role in the ecology of Lake Natron the main regular breeding site for near-threatened Lesser Flamingos.Changes to land use in the river's headwaters or in the marshes before the river enters the lake could have a serious impact on this species.
 Jiuding Shan is a mountain in Sichuan China. It is located in the Daxue Mountains part of a complicated system of mountain ranges of western Sichuan which itself is adjacent to the eastern edge of the Tibetan Plateau. Jiuding Shan has an elevation of 4969 metres (16302 ft) above sea level. By measure of topographic prominence it is ranked 125th in the world.
 The Königstuhl (German pronunciation: [ˈkøːnɪçˌʃtuːl]) translated Kings seat is a 567 metre high hill in the Odenwald Mountains and in the city of Heidelberg in the German state of Baden-Württemberg.
 The Râușorul is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Boteanu and Bugheanu
 Moelfre Isaf is a 317 m (1040 ft) hill located to the south of the town of Abergele. There are views towards the Clwydian Range Snowdonia and the Isle of Man can be seen on a clear day. Nearby is the small settlement of Moelfre which has a church.
 Pur River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Nagor village. Its basin has a maximum length of 40 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 602 square kilometres (232 sq mi).
 The Corciova River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
 The Aniakchak River is a stream 27 miles (43 km) long in Lake and Peninsula Borough on the Alaska Peninsula in the United States. It arises in Surprise Lake in the crater of Mount Aniakchak a volcano in the Aleutian Range.
 Monte Grande (Portuguese meaning “big mountain”) is a mountain in the northern part of the island of Sal in Cape Verde. It is situated 8 km northeast of the island capital Espargos. At 405 m elevation it is the highest point of the island. It is a protected landscape because of its geological value.
 The Schnalser Bach (Italian: Rio Senales) is a stream located in South Tyrol Italy.
 West Elk Peak elevation 13042 ft (3975 m) is the highest summit in the West Elk Mountains of Gunnison County Colorado. The mountain is in the West Elk Wilderness northwest of Gunnison.
 Swan Lake South Dakota is a small natural lake located north-northwest of the city of Viborg South Dakota. The lake is surrounded by cabins and is used for recreational purposes.
 Norralaån is a river in Hälsingland Sweden.
 Saußbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Paradise Range is a mountain range in San Bernardino County California.
 Not to be confused with Gilwern Hill Powys east of Llandrindod Wells.Gilwern Hill is a 441m high hill in the Brecon Beacons National Park south of the village of Gilwern in Monmouthshire Wales. It lies west of the Blorenge. The hill is a Site of Special Scientific Interest.
 The Carneddau (lit. the cairns; Carneddau is a Welsh plural form and is sometimes anglicised to Carnedds) are a group of mountains in Snowdonia Wales. They include the largest contiguous areas of high ground (over 2500 or 3000 feet (910 m) high) in Wales and England as well as six or seven of the highest peaks in the country—the Fourteen Peaks. The range also encloses a number of lakes such as Llyn Cowlyd and Llyn Eigiau and the Aber Falls waterfalls.
 Tuja is a river of Poland a tributary of the Szkarpawa.
 Lake Kickapoo is a reservoir in Archer County Texas. Created in 1947. It has a surface area of 6200 acres (25 km2). Named after the Kickapoo tribe native to the area.One of the nine Air Force Space Surveillance System (formerly NAVSPASUR) sites is located at Lake Kickapoo (33°32.764′N 98°45.763′W). It is the master transmitter and the most powerful continuous wave (CW) station in the world at 768 kW radiated power.
 The Râul Crucii is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania
 Usa (Russian: Уса́; Komi: Усва Usva) is a river in the northeast corner of European Russia which drains the Polar Urals southwest into the Pechora River. The Polar Urals tend to the northeast and the Usa runs parallel to them. It is in the Komi Republic of Russia and the largest tributary of the Pechora River which it joins from the right. It is 565 km long with a drainage basin of 93 600 km².
 Kurmakash (Russian: Курмакаш) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Syp River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 15 km (9 mi).
 Lake Bolsena (Italian: Lago di Bolsena) is a crater lake of central Italy of volcanic origin which began to collect 370000 years ago following the formation of a caldera in the Vulsini volcanic complex. Roman historic records indicate activity of the Vulsini volcano occurred as recently as 104 BC; it has been dormant since then.
 The Snowy River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally west from its sources within Victoria Forest Park and is one of the rivers whose courses mark the edges of the Ikamatua Plain. The Snowy river reaches the Little Grey River two kilometres north of the township of Ikamatua.
 The River Sherbourne is a river that flows under the centre of the city of Coventry in the West Midlands of England.The source of the river is in the fields of Hawkes End in the Parish of Allesley. From where it flows south continuing through Spon End (where it is spanned by Vignoles Bridge) and the city centre where it is culverted just before it reaches the Inner Ring Road and Spon Street and through the suburb of Whitley.
 Anderson Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Coal River is a tributary of the Kanawha River in southern West Virginia. It is formed near the community of Alum Creek by the confluence of the Big and Little Coal Rivers and flows generally northward through western Kanawha County past the community of Upper Falls and into the Kanawha River at St. Albans.
 Carver is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon due east of the walled plain Van der Waals. To the northeast is the crater Rosseland and to the south-southeast lies Kozyrev.Despite some wear due to impacts the wide inner wall of this crater still contains some terraces. There are several tiny craters along the rim edge and the inner walls but no notable intersecting impacts. Carver overlies the north-northeast rim of the old heavily worn Carver M.
 The Lutter is a small river in the Lüneburg Heath Lower Saxony Germany right tributary of the Lachte. It has its source near Weyhausen 7 km southeast of Unterlüß. It passes Bargfeld (where it is joined by the Schmalwasser) Eldingen and Luttern. It flows into the river Lachte at Jarnsen near Lachendorf east of Celle.
 The Rochdale Branch Canal was a branch of the Rochdale Canal in north-west England which led close to Rochdale Town Centre. It was in use from 1794 and was bordered by the landscaped gardens of Lark Mill House on the western bank until the 1850s. A number of industries grew up around the branch ranging form cotton mills and an iron and brass foundry in the early years to a bakery and jam manufactory woolen mills and sawmills later on.
 For the folk metal band see Glittertind (band).Glittertind (official form on maps: Glittertinden) is the second highest mountain in Norway at 2465 m above sea level including the glacier at its peak (without the glacier it is 2452 m).
 Deanhead Reservoir is a reservoir near Scammonden in the metropolitan district of Kirklees West Yorkshire England.It is named after Dean Head a village that was mostly submerged during construction of the dam. During the 1995 drought the outlines of foundations of buildings in the village were visible.Deanhead also is the name of a Pennine pass to the south of the reservoir which carries the A640 from Huddersfield to Denshaw following the course of a Roman road.
 The Chiriac River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Apple Creek is a stream that rises in western Perry County Missouri and empties into the Mississippi River forming the boundary between Perry and Cape Girardeau counties.
 Arisa River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Llyn Glangors is a lake in the Gwydir Forest in north Wales. It lies at a height of 900 ft (270 m) and covers an area of 15 acres (61000 m2). An artificial reservoir it was created to supply water for the nearby Pandora lead mine.Sarn Helen the Roman road is thought to have passed close to the lake.
 Seoraksan is the highest mountain in the Taebaek mountain range (태백산맥) in the Gangwon Province in eastern South Korea. It is located in a national park near the city of Sokcho. After the Hallasan volcano on Jeju Island and Jirisan in the south Seoraksan is the third highest mountain in South Korea. The Daechongbong Peak (대청봉) of Seoraksan reaches 1708 metres (5603 feet).
 Benna is a lake in the municipality of Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake is located west of the Gaula River about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) west of Lundamo. The lake is the drinking water supply for the municipality.
 Blue Glacier is a large glacier located to the north of Mount Olympus in the Olympic Mountains of Washington. The glacier covers an area of 1.7 sq mi (4.4 km2) and contains 580000000 cu ft (16000000 m3) of ice and snow in spite of its low terminus elevation. The glacier length has decreased from about 3.4 mi (5.5 km) in 1800 to 2.7 mi (4.3 km) in the year 2000. Just in the period from 1995 and 2006 Blue Glacier retreated 325 ft (99 m).
 Marinus is a lunar crater that is located near the southeastern limb of the Moon. At this location it is viewed at an oblique angle from the Earth limiting the amount of detail that can be observed. It lies due north of the slightly larger and dark-floored crater Oken. To the east is the northern part of the Mare Australe.This is a considerably worn crater although it retains its generally circular formation. A pair of smaller craters overlies most of the south-southeastern rim.
 Nay Aru (or Nai Aru) is a river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in south-west Vavuniya District before flowing north/north-west through Vavuniya District and Mannar District. The river empties into Palk Bay.
 Gauri Sankar (also Gauri Shankar or Gaurishankar; Devanagari गौरी शंकर; Tibetan: Jomo Tseringma;) is a mountain in the Himalayas the second highest peak of the Rolwaling Himal behind Melungtse (7181m). The name comes from Sanskrit for the Goddess (Gauri) and her Consort (Shankar) denoting the sacred regard to which is afforded it by the peoples of Tibet and Nepal.
 Middle Saranac Lake also called Round Lake is the smallest of three connected lakes part of the Saranac River near the village of Saranac Lake in the Adirondacks in northern New York. Two-thirds of its shoreline is state-owned. The lake is located in the towns of Harrietstown and Santa Clara in Franklin County.With Upper Saranac Lake and Lower Saranac Lake a 17-mile paddle with only one portage is possible.
 Afton Down is a hill near the village of Freshwater on the Isle of Wight.It was the site of the Isle of Wight Festival 1970 where the Guinness Book of Records estimates 600000 to 700000 and possibly 800000 people flocked to see the musical talents of Emerson Lake & Palmer Free The Who The Doors Ten Years After and Jimi Hendrix.There is an obelisk on Afton Down near the cliff edge. It is inscribed with a sad story; E.L.M. Aged 15 He cometh forth like a flower and is cut down.
 The Bucovița River or Bucova River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 The Dome Rock Mountains are a regionally short mountain range in southwestern Arizona in southern La Paz County. The range borders the Colorado River–(Blythe CA) on the west and also the southern section of the Colorado River Indian Reservation on the northwest located in the Lower Colorado River Valley. Quartzsite Arizona lies on the eastern foothills of the range.The Dome Rock Mountains are on the southwest of the regional Maria fold and thrust belt.
 Lake Manzala (also Manzaleh) is a brackish lake sometimes called a lagoon in northeastern Egypt on the Nile Delta near Port Said and a few miles from the ancient ruins at Tanis. It is the largest of the northern deltaic lakes of Egypt. As of 2008 it is 47 km long and 30 km wide.
 Suuri-Onkamo is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the North Karelia region. It is situated about 20 kilometer from the border with Russia. The lake is sepatated from another lake Pieni-Onkamo with nice esker called Sintsi. Third medium-sized lake near by is Särkijärvi. It has been said that compeared to other Finnish lakes Suuri-Onkamo has different kind of climate which comes from the lake Ladoga in the Russian side of the border.
 Not to confuse with Big Black River (French: Grande Rivière Noire) another river in Maine and Quebec (46°49′08″N 70°04′05″W).The Little Black River (French: Rivière Noire) is a river in Quebec and northern Maine. From its source (47°24′47″N 69°31′01″W) in Témiscouata RCM Quebec the river runs east and southeast across the Canada – United States border in Maine Township 19 Range 12 WELS to the Saint John River at Dickey Maine.
 The Cauca River is a river in Colombia that lies between the Occidental and Central cordilleras. From its headwaters in southwestern Colombia near the city of Popayán it joins the Magdalena River near Magangué in Bolívar Department and the combined river eventually flows out into the Caribbean Sea. It has a length of 965 km (600 mi) to its junction with the Magdalena for a total length of 1350 km (840 mi). from origin to seamouth.
 Grimsthorpe Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins that straddles the border between Tweed Hastings County and Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County in Ontario Canada.The lake is about 1.9 kilometres (1.2 mi) long and 0.9 kilometres (0.6 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 319 metres (1047 ft) about 11 kilometres (7 mi) east of the community of Gunter and 17 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of the community of Cloyne.
 Big Horseshoe Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Huron River is a 7.6-mile-long (12.2 km) river in the northern Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. Locally it is commonly called the Big Huron River to distinguish it from the nearby Little Huron River. Another much larger Huron River is in Southeast Michigan.The east and west branches of the Big Huron rise in L'Anse Township in eastern Baraga County southeast of Mount Arvon near the boundary with Marquette County.
 Thunderbird Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated on the east side Continental Divide below Thunderbird Mountain at an average elevation of 8000 feet (2400 m) above sea level. As of 2005 Thunderbird Glacier consisted of numerous ice patches covering a total of 58 acres (0.23 km2) which is over 33 percent smaller than it was in 1966.
 Rabbit Ears Pass (el. 9426 ft 2873 m) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of northern Colorado in the United States.The pass straddles the Continental Divide at the southern end of the Park Range on the boundary between Grand and Jackson counties. The name is taken from nearby Rabbit Ears Peak a mountain in the Park Range to the north that is prominently visible from the east side of the pass during good weather.
 Gyrn Moelfre is a mountain in Powys mid Wales near the border with Shropshire. It stands to the south-east of the Berwyns from which it is separated by Afon Ysgwennant. The village of Llansilin lies on its south-west slopes. It was historically in Denbighshire but the area was transferred to Powys in 1996.
 The Coso Range of eastern California is located immediately south of Owens Lake (dry) east of the Sierra Nevada and west of the Argus Range. The southern part of the range lies in the restricted Naval Air Weapons Station China Lake.
 The Râșca River or Rișca River is a tributary of the Someșul Cald River in Romania.
 Werner is a prominent lunar impact crater that lies in the rugged south-central highlands of the Moon. It is almost joined with the crater Aliacensis to the southeast and the pair form a rugged valley in the intervening gap. Due west of Werner is the distorted Regiomontanus and to the north is the remains of Blanchinus. It is from the Eratosthenian period which lasted from 3.2 to 1.1 billion years ago.
 Dalilah is a crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Dalilah was first discovered in Voyager 2 images but was seen at much higher resolution by Cassini. It is located at 51.89°N 248.54°W﻿ / 51.89; -248.54 and is 16 kilometers across. Fractures have deformed the south-eastern side of Dalilah as well as the dome at the center of the crater. This tectonic deformation was formed through viscous relaxation.
 Sulitjelmaisen (Lule Sami: Sállajiegŋa) is one of the largest glaciers in mainland Norway. It is mostly located in the municipality of Fauske in Nordland county Norway. The far eastern part of the glacier crosses the border into Sweden where it is referred to as Salajekna. When the whole glacier is considered is the largest glacier in Sweden. The glacier's highest point is 1680 metres (5510 ft) above sea level and its lowest point is at an elevation of 830 metres (2720 ft).
 The Wieprz (Polish pronunciation: [ˈvjɛpʂ] boar) is a river in central-eastern Poland a tributary of the Vistula. It is the country's ninth longest river with a total length of 303 km and a catchment area of 10415 km² all within Poland. Its course near the town of Łęczna includes the protected area known as Wieprz Landscape Park.The river has its sources in Lake Wieprz near Tomaszow Lubelski and flows into the Vistula near Deblin.
 Velachery aeri (Tamil: வேளச்சேரி ஏரி) or Velachery lake is one of the lakes inside Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu with a good stock of water all through the year.
 The Sărătura River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 The Moccasin Mountains is an 11-mile-long (18 km) mountain range located at the Arizona–Utah border in Mohave County Arizona and a small north section in Kane County Utah.The range comprises at lower elevations the Vermilion Cliffs as part of its northeast east south and southwest borders.
 Stoneman Lake is a small lake located in northern Arizona about 30 mi (48 km) south of the city of Flagstaff. Like the nearby Mormon Lake it is one of the few natural lakes in Arizona.Stoneman Lake is small and shallow with an average surface area of less than 100 acres (40 ha) and depth of less than 10 ft (3.0 m). As such it is subject to considerable fluctuations due to local rainfall and snowmelt conditions and may even dry up completely.
 The Thiersee Lake lies in the center of Vorderthiersee in the valley with the same name on a height of 616 m. It is surrounded by mountains forming a kettle. The lake can be reached by car or by local bus from Kufstein via the valley.The Lake can be used for bathing and possesses an excellent water quality of Grade A. Several possibilities like boat trips swimming Beach volley and others are given. The best conditions are in June because in Summer the water can warm up to 24°C.
 Hahnerberger Siepen is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lake Crabtree is a 520-acre (2.1 km2) reservoir in Cary North Carolina. In order to alleviate the possibility of flooding it was constructed in 1989 by the Natural Resources Conservation Service via damming the Crabtree Creek. It is currently within the Lake Crabtree County Park and provides sailing and recreation opportunities to near-by residents.
 Eggberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Wolfsklippen is a granite mountain 723 m above NN high in the Harz mountains in Central Germany with an observation platform on the summit. The mountain lies northeast of the Brocken the highest elevation in the Harz about 200 m east of the road way from Drei Annen Hohne to Plessenburg.
 The Valea Dreaptă River is a tributary of the Stupini River in Romania.
 The Brătcuța River or Bratca River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Mount Makiling or Mount Maquiling is a dormant volcano in Laguna province on the island of Luzon Philippines. The mountain rises to an elevation of 1090 m (3580 ft) above mean sea level and is the highest feature of the Laguna Volcanic Field. The volcano has no recorded historic eruption but volcanism is still evident through geothermal features like mud spring and hot springs. South of the mountain is the Makiling-Banahaw Geothermal Plant.
 The Taquari-Guaçu River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Albu River is a tributary of the Pârgavu River in Romania.
 The Mulgrave River is a river in Far North Queensland Australia. It flows in a northerly direction through Gordonvale and the southern outskirts of Cairns after rising in the Bellenden Ker Range. Some of the 1315 km² catchment area is protected with the Wooroonooran National Park and the Wet Tropics World Heritage Area.The Mulgrave River empties into the Coral Sea 30 km south at the southern extremity of the Yarrabah Hills range where the Mulgrave meets the Russell River.
 Mount Crillon is a high peak of the Fairweather Range the southernmost part of the Saint Elias Mountains. It lies southeast of Mount Fairweather in the promontory between the Gulf of Alaska and Glacier Bay. It is included in Glacier Bay National Park. The peak was named after Felix-Francois-Dorothee de Bretton Comte de Crillon by his friend the French explorer Jean Francois de Galaup de la Perouse.
 The Șâpca River is a tributary of the Boșorogu River in Romania.
 Tonquin Hill is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1916 by E. Deville.
 The Dürrensee (Italian: Lago di Landro; German: Dürrensee) is a lake in the Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Valea Lată River is a tributary of the Vulcăniţa River in Romania.
 Ahja River (Estonian: Ahja jõgi) is river in Estonia. The river is 103.4 kilometres (64.2 mi) long. The river begins from Lake Erastvere and ends in river Emajõgi.
 Emån is a stream in southern Sweden rising just north of Bodafors in the highlands of Småland and running approximately 220 kilometers to the Baltic Sea just south of Oskarshamn.Emån is popular among canoeists as it is easily navigated and provides opportunities to experience Swedish flora and fauna up close.Emån is the home to more than 30 species of fish and is prized among fishermen for its trout. Noteworthy settlements along the stream include Holsbybrunn Kvillsfors Målilla and Högsby.
 The Dumbrăvița River is a tributary of the Bicaci River in Romania
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Măgura River in Romania.
 The Valea Pietrei River is a tributary of the Toplița River in Romania.
 Clear Lake is a mountain lake 53 miles (85 km) southeast of Portland Oregon United States in Mount Hood National Forest. It can be seen from flights in the region as a bird-shaped body of water.[citation needed]It is 12 miles (19 km) south of Mount Hood and 5 miles (8.0 km) northeast of Timothy Lake near the junction of U.S. Route 26 and Skyline Road at the latter's northern terminus. It is near the northwest corner of Wasco County.
 Lautenbach (Ablach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Bietenhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Mürren in the Bernese Oberland. It lies north-east of the Schilthorn on the range between the Soustal and the main Lauterbrunnen valley.
 The Karaš (in Serbian also Cyrillic: Караш) or Caraș (in Romanian) is a 110-kilometre (68 mi) long river in the Banat region of Vojvodina Serbia and Romania forming the left tributary of the Danube.
 The Yellow River is a 62.3-mile-long (100.3 km) tributary of the Kankakee River in northern Indiana in the United States. Via the Kankakee and Illinois rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 427 square miles (1110 km2). The river's name possibly derives from a translation of the Shawnee name for the river We-thau-ka-mik meaning yellow waters a description perhaps owing to the presence of sand in the riverbed.
 The West Potrillo Mountains are a mountain range in south central Doña Ana County New Mexico United States. They are located approximately 40 miles (65 km) northwest of El Paso Texas 25 miles (40 km) southwest of Las Cruces New Mexico and 35 miles (55 km) southeast of Deming New Mexico.
 The Big Garlic River is a 14.4-mile-long (23.2 km) river in Marquette County Michigan. It empties into Lake Superior.
 Stuchowska Struga is a river of Poland a tributary of the Świniec.
 Green Lake is a lake in Hunter Mountains in the Southland Region of New Zealand located to the north of Lake Monowai. The lake has no surface outlets but probably feeds several streams draining to lake Monowai via springs. The lake is a basin in the debris of the Green Lake Landslide which is the largest known above-sea-level landslide on earth.
 The Chemin des Révoires is a pathway within Les Révoires district of the Principality of Monaco.
 Snowbank Glacier is in the Beartooth Mountains U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated at an elevation of 10600 feet (3200 m) above sea level and is immediately east of Snowbank Mountain. The glacier is in two sections a west and east lobe each about equal in area at 60 acres (0.24 km2). A proglacial lake can be found at the northern terminus of the west lobe.
 White Bird Hill Summit is a mountain pass in north central Idaho on U.S. Highway 95. Located in Idaho County it is midway between White Bird and Grangeville. The summit elevation of the highway is 4245 feet (1294 m) above sea level through a substantial cut. The modern multi-lane highway was completed in June 1975 following ten years of construction which concluded with the opening of the bridge at the base over White Bird Creek.
 Fahrenbach (Rosbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Whangamarino River is a lowland river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island draining the Whangamarino Wetland and associated farmland catchment. The river converges with the Waikato River just north of Meremere. The main tributary is the Maramarua River which starts in the Hunua Ranges and forms the northern catchment of the Whangamarino River.
 Chembarambakkam lake is a lake located in the Kanchipuram district of Tamil Nadu India about 40 km from Chennai. It is one of the two rain-fed reservoirs from where water is drawn for supply to Chennai City the other one being the Puzhal Lake. The Adyar River originates from this lake.
 Kehrenbach (Fulda) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Tat Ali is a low Holocene shield volcano located in the northern part of the Afar Region of Ethiopia. This elevation is characterized as having an elongated summit depression that has produced a variety of rock types ranging from basalts to pantellerites. NNW-SSE-trending fissures cutting the volcano have fed basaltic lava flows; those NE of Lake Afrera are of prehistoric date.
 Namdeogyusan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 1507 metres.
 The Serra de Monchique (Monchique Range) is a chain of mountains in the western part of the Algarve region of Portugal about 20 km inshore. The chain's highest point is the peak of Fóia at 902 m. 774 m high Picota is another notable peak.
 Loch Lomond is a reservoir in the Santa Cruz Mountains near Lompico California in Santa Cruz County California. It was created by building a dam across Newell Creek. The dam is an earthfill barricade measuring 190 ft (58 m) by 750 ft (230 m). It was completed in the Fall of 1960; impounded water first ran over the spillway in March 1963. The reservoir is 175 acres (71 ha).
 Dyke River a perennial stream of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 The Suchelnița River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Talybont Reservoir is the largest stillwater reservoir in the central Brecon Beacons at 318 acres (1.29 km2).
 The Encampment River is a 44.7-mile-long (71.9 km) tributary of the North Platte River. The river's source is east of Buck Mountain in the Park Range of Jackson County Colorado. The river flows north and passes to the east of the town of Encampment Wyoming then through the town of Riverside Wyoming before its confluence with the North Platte.
 Battle River is a river in central Alberta and western Saskatchewan. It is a major tributary of the North Saskatchewan River.The Battle River flows for 570 kilometres (350 mi) and has a total drainage area of 30300 square kilometres (11700 sq mi). The mean discharge is 10 m³/s at its mouth.
 Big Butte Creek is a 12-mile-long (19 km) tributary of the Rogue River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It drains approximately 245 square miles (635 km2) of Jackson County. Its two forks the North Fork and the South Fork both begin high in the Cascade Range near Mount McLoughlin. Flowing predominantly west they meet near the city of Butte Falls. The main stem flows generally northwest until it empties into the Rogue River near McLeod about one mile southwest of William L.
 Le Châtelet (2537 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Mont Blanc massif overlooking Orsières in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Orny and Saleina.
 Saltwater Creek is a creek on the Gold Coast Queensland. It flows from the Nerang National Park to Coombabah Creek which eventually goes out to the Coral Sea.
 Miller Mountain is a peak located in Wyoming County Pennsylvania. This mountain is one of the more recognizable peaks in the Endless Mountains region of the Commonwealth. Miller Mountain is a stand alone peak from the rest of the Allegheny Plateau. The Susquehanna River flows past the mountain where the slopes rise to over 1600 feet (490 m) above the river banks and the town of Tunkhannock.
 The River Glen is a river in Lincolnshire England with a short stretch passing through Rutland near Essendine.The river's name appears to derive from a Brythonic Celtic language but there is a strong early English connection.
 The McLeod River is a river in west-central Alberta Canada. It forms in the foothills of the Canadian Rockies and is a major tributary of the Athabasca River.
 Hiri is a small 3 km wide forested island immediately north of the island of Ternate in the Maluku Islands of Indonesia. It is located at the northernmost part of a chain of volcanic islands off the western coast of Halmahera. It is a conical volcano which rises to 630 m. Its dominant neighbour to the south is the more active volcano of Mount Gamalama (1716 m) on Ternate island.
 Pohick Creek is a 14.0-mile-long (22.5 km) tributary stream of the Potomac River in Fairfax County in the U.S. state of Virginia. It takes its name from the Pohick Native American tribe once prevalent in the area.Pohick Creek forms in the vicinity of Burke and flows southeast past the western edge of Fort Belvoir to empty into the tidal Pohick Bay which itself empties along with Accotink Bay into Gunston Cove an embayment of the tidal Potomac River.
 The Kleiner Mythen is a mountain in the Schwyzer Voralpen located near Schwyz in Central Switzerland. It is located north of the Grosser Mythen.
 Cairnsmore of Fleet is a mountain in the Scottish Lowlands on the edges of Galloway Forest Park. It is home to the most extensive area of open moorland in Galloway and has been designated as a biosphere reserve.
 Ollagüe is a massive andesite stratovolcano in the Andes Mountains on the border between Bolivia and northern Chile. It is located southeast of the village that shares its name.
 Pizzo Taneda is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking the Lago Ritom in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It lies between the valleys of Piora and Cadlimo and on the main Alpine watershed between the basin of the Rhine and that of the Ticino.
 The Ștefănești River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Le Toûno (3018 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking Saint-Luc in the canton of Valais. It lies within the Val d'Anniviers west of the Pointe de Tourtemagne.The summit can be accessed via a trail on the south side of the mountain from Saint-Luc.
 The Valea Călenelor River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Kaitzbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Stemweder Berg (also called the Stemmer Berge) is a ridge up to 181.4 m above sea level on the border of North Rhine-Westphalia and Lower Saxony in Germany and is the northernmost and smallest of Germany's Central Uplands ranges.Like the adjacent municipality of Stemwede the ridge gets its name from the medieval Free County (Freigrafschaft) of Stemwede.
 Pine River continues after the convergence of North Pine and South Pine rivers at Lawnton in Queensland Australia continuing into Bramble Bay. The Brisway map reference is 440 D10.
 Taylor Peak elevation 13158 ft (4011 m) is a summit in the Front Range of north central Colorado. The peak is in Rocky Mountain National Park at the head of Loch Vale and just north of Taylor Glacier.
 The Valăul Coziei River or Vălăul Coziei River is a tributary of the Gusec River in Romania.
 Jones Mountain elevation 13866 ft (4226 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado. The mountain is on the continental divide northeast of Silverton.
 The Calavon (French: le Calavon also called le Coulon) is an 88.3 km (54.9 mi) long river in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence and Vaucluse départements southeastern France. Its source is near Banon. It flows generally west-southwest. It is a right tributary of the Durance into which it flows at Caumont-sur-Durance near Cavaillon.
 The Teeswater River is a river in the municipalities of Arran–Elderslie Brockton and South Bruce in Bruce County in Southwestern Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and empties into the Saugeen River at Paisley Ontario.The community of Teeswater is located on the river.The river was named after the River Tees in England.
 A' Mhaighdean is one of the least accessible of the munros in northern Scotland. It is 8 miles (13 km) north of Kinlochewe but most easily accessible from Poolewe taking a private road South East (pedestrian & bicycle access only) to Kernsary. A good track then leads to the causeway between the Fionn Loch and Loch Dubh.
 Stuora Galbajávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 5.18-square-kilometre (2.00 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 18 kilometres (11 mi) east of the village of Láhpoluoppal.
 The Maurício River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Glaveș River is a tributary of the Sărata River in Romania.
 The Georges Creek (formerly known as Georges River) a perennial stream that is part of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast regions of New South Wales Australia.
 Piz Glüschaint is a mountain of the Bernina Range (Alps) on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies between the Val Roseg (Graubünden) and the Val Malenco (Lombardy). On its northern side is the Roseg Glacier.
 Mariner Mountain is a mountain on the west coast of Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 36 km (22 mi) north of Tofino and 34 km (21 mi) southwest of Mount Albert Edward.
 The Conciul River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Hasselbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Verșteag River is a tributary of the Șereniac River in Romania.
 Thrupe Lane Swallet (grid reference ST603458) is a 0.5 hectare geological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Somerset notified in 1992. It is also a Geological Conservation Review site.The name Thrupe Lane comes from the nearby hamlet of Thrupe which in Anglo-Saxon meant dairy farm.The swallet is a small single pothole cave system that is dominated by a series of deep (117m) and mainly vertical passages which follow fault lines natural joints in the rock and mineral veins.
 The Lăpușnicu River is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Mount Queen Elizabeth is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1918 after Queen Elizabeth.
 The Cocora River is a tributary of the Rebricea River in Romania.
 The Vermelho River (São Paulo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Ével is a 55.8 km (34.7 mi) long river in the Morbihan département western France. Its source is near la Bottine a hamlet in Radenac. It flows generally west-southwest. It is a left tributary of the Blavet into which it flows between Baud and Languidic.
 Faye is a heavily eroded lunar crater in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon. It is attached to the northeastern rim of the crater Delaunay with Donati located just a few kilometers to the northeast. It forms part of a chain of craters of increasing size to the southwest that continues with La Caille and ends with the walled plain Purbach.The rim of Faye is heavily damaged particularly along the western half and covers much of the southwestern interior floor.
 Skeleton Lake is a lake in the municipalities of Huntsville and Muskoka Lakes in the District Municipality of Muskoka Ontario Canada about 17 kilometres (11 mi) west of the town centre of Huntsville. Up until 1991 the Ministry of Natural Resources operated a fish hatchery on the lake.[citation needed]
 Daedeoksan is a mountain in the cities of Taebaek and Samcheok Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1307 m (4288 ft).
 Slide Mountain is a 9702-foot (2957 m) peak in the Carson Range near Reno in Washoe County Nevada. The Mount Rose Ski Tahoe resort is located on this mountain leading some to believe that the mountain is named Mount Rose when Mount Rose itself is approximately 1000 feet (300 m) higher and several miles to the northwest.
 Ara Rock is a rock found in Ara Town in Nasarawa Local Government Area of Nasarawa State in central Nigeria. It achieves a remarkable height of about 120 metres (390 ft) above the surface of the neighbouring plains and it attracts many people to Ara town on sightseeing visits.
 The Mălușteni River is a tributary of the Horincea River in Romania.
 Cuini River is a river in the Amazonas state of north-western Brazil.
 The Vorberge (fore-hills or foothills) are a ridge up to 353 m above sea level high in the Lower Saxon Hills and within the district of Hildesheim in the German state of Lower Saxony. Together with the Sieben Berge and the Sackwald the Vorberge belong to the geological formation of the Sackmulde.
 The Drake River is a river of New Zealand. It is located in southern Westland and flows entirely within the Mount Aspiring National Park. The river follows a southerly course for seven kilometres before turning northeast to flow another five kilometres before reaching the Waiatoto River.The tributaries of the river were probably surveyed and named by Mueller in 1885.There is potential for a 30 MW power-generating plant at the junction of the Drake and Waiatoto Rivers.
 The Cononaco River is a river of Ecuador and Peru.
 Roundtop Hill is a mountain in Washington County Maryland southwest of the town of Hancock. The elevation at the summit is 1358 feet (410 m).
 Windsor Great Cave is a 3000 metres (9800 ft) long complex of linked caves in Trelawny Parish on the north coast of Jamaica. It is owned by the WWF (UK).
 The Iaila River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania
 The Valea Căldărilor River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
 The Corsica River is a tidal river in Queen Anne's County in the U.S. state of Maryland. The river begins near Centreville and empties into the Chester River.
 The Gulf of Patras (Greek: Πατραϊκός Κόλπος Patraikós Kólpos) is a branch of the Ionian Sea. On the east it is closed by the Strait of Rion between capes Rio Greece and Antirrio near the Rio-Antirio bridge. On the west it is bounded by a line from Oxeia island to Cape Araxos. It is 40–50 km long 10–20 km wide and has an area of 350–400 km².The Port of Patras lies to the southeast and is the only major port on the gulf.
 Flehbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Stob a' Choire Odhair is a Scottish mountain situated eight kilometres north west of Bridge of Orchy on the border of the Argyll and Bute and Highland council areas.
 The San Pablo River is a river of Ecuador.
 The Thuli River former name Tuli River is a major tributary of the Shashe River in Zimbabwe. It rises near Matombo Mission Matobo District and flows into the Shashe River near Tuli village.
 Hohenkapf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Collón Curá River is a geographical feature of Neuquén Province Argentina. It flows southward from the confluence of the Aluminé and Chimehuin Rivers near the town of Junín de los Andes for around 70 km (44 mi) past which it becomes a tributary of the Limay River.The valley is famous for its two activities: Birdwatching and Fly fishing.
 Anstruther Lake is a lake in the township of North Kawartha Peterborough County Ontario Canada between the community of Apsley on Ontario Highway 28 8.5 kilometres (5.3 mi) to the east and the community of Catchacoma on Ontario Highway 507 8.5 kilometres (5.3 mi) to the west. Kawartha Highlands Provincial Park encompasses the lake and the community of Anstruther Lake is on the southern shore.
 Hail Storm Hill also known as Cowpe Moss is the highest point of the Forest of Rossendale an area of moorland and hill country situated between the West Pennine Moors and the South Pennines.
 Scoble Glacier (67°23′S 60°27′E) is a glacier 4 nautical miles (7 km) west of Campbell Head in Mac. Robertson Land. Mapped by Norwegian cartographers from air photos taken by the Lars Christensen Expedition 1936–37 and named Breoddane (the glacier points). Renamed by Antarctic Names Committee of Australia (ANCA) for Charles H.
 Laram Quta (Aymara larama blue quta lake blue lake hispanicized spellings Laramkkota Laram Kkota) is a lake in Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Pucarani Municipality. It lies south east of Wiñaymarka the southern part of Lake Titicaca and south of Pucarani. Laram Quta is situated at a height of about 3850 metres (12630 ft) about 1.7 km long and 0.4 km at its widest point.[citation needed]
 The Cozănești River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Mount Shindainichi (新大日) is a peak of the Tanzawa Mountains with an elevation of 1340 metres (4396 ft) and is located due east of Mount Tō. It is located within the boundary of the Tanzawa-Ōyama Quasi-National Park.The mountain is easily accessible by a hiking trail from Yabitsu Pass which intersects with the Nagaone Trail from the village of Kiyokawa and with the trail leading directly to Mount Tō which is approximately a 40 minute hike.
 The Piako River is a lowland river system that drains into the Firth of Thames on the North Island of New Zealand. Together with the Waihou River it is one of the two main rivers systems which drains the Hauraki Plains. It is the dominant river system in the Matamata-Piako District and on its journey it passes through the towns of Morrinsville and Ngatea.The Piako River has an annual mean flow of 17 m3 s−1 (at Paeroa-Tahuna Road) with a total catchment area of approximately 1440 km2.
 The River Machno (Welsh: Afon Machno) is a river in Snowdonia in north-west Wales. It is the first major tributary of the River Conwy which it joins south of Betws-y-coed just past the impressive Penmachno Falls.It has its source in the slopes at the head of the Penmachno valley and flows through the villages of Cwm Penmachno and Penmachno.
 Camp Lake is a small tarn located in the Emigrant Wilderness in Tuolumne County California approximately 10 km (6.2 mi) north of Yosemite National Park. It is accessible only to hikers and equestrians via the popular Deer Lake Trail.Once a good fishing lake for Brook Trout Camp Lake is no longer stocked by the California Department of Fish and Game due to the ongoing restoration of the Mountain Yellow Legged Frog in the Sierra Nevada.
 The Kororoit Creek is a watercourse of the Port Phillip catchment rising in the outer north western suburbs of Melbourne in the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Mürtschenstock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking the Walensee in the canton of Glarus. It is composed of several summit of which the highest (named Ruchen) has an elevation of 2441 metres above sea level. The two other main summit are the Stock (2390 m) and the Fulen (2410 m).
 Rhododendron Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island east of South Englishman River north west of Nanaimo Lakes. Adjacent to the lake is a small grove of Pacific Rhododendron which is a rare plant on Vancouver Island.
 Mount Seymour is a mountain located in Mount Seymour Provincial Park in the District of North Vancouver British Columbia Canada. It is a part of the North Shore Mountains rising to the north from the shores of Burrard Inlet and Indian Arm to a summit of 1449 m (4754 ft) above the Indian River and Deep Cove neighbourhoods. Mount Seymour is most commonly identified for its ski area of the same name and as a popular hiking area.
 Kälberbach (Seemenbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Manda-Inakir Mountain is a system of fissure vents and cinder cones located along Eritrea. Last erupting in 1928 it produced a cinder cone called Kammourta. It has an elevation of over 600 metres.
 The Leurda River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
 The Ipiranga River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Bucovăț River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 101 Mile Lake is a small lake located near the town of 100 Mile House British Columbia. Like the town the lake is named because of its distance from Lillooet via the Old Cariboo Road.
 The Trout River is a 20-mile-long (32 km) tributary of the St. Johns River in Duval County Florida. Located entirely within Jacksonville the river is brackish in its lower section. The widest point of the river is near the St. Johns River where it is 0.6 miles (1.0 km) across. The Trout River has wetlands as far as the mouth of the river's longest tributary the Ribault River.
 The Eichelnkopf is a 545.7 m high hill in the southwestern part of the Harz Mountains in the central German state of Lower Saxony.
 Saroornagar Lake is a lake in Hyderabad India. From the year of its creation in 1626 the lake remained largely clean until 1956 when Hyderabad expanded. Spread over 99 acres (40 ha) the lake was restored by the Hyderabad Urban Development Authority in 2003–04 at a cost of 200 million (US$3.3 million). After the restoration of the lake migratory birds returned to the lake in big numbers a few years later.
 Monte Galero is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Alps. It is located in the provinces of Savona and Cuneo. It lies at an altitude of 1708 metres.
 Not to be confused with the River Almond in LothianThe River Almond (Scottish Gaelic: Uisge Amain) is a tributary of the River Tay in Perth and Kinross Scotland. It rises in the hills to the south-east of Loch Tay and flows eastwards through Glenalmond. It runs through the village of Almondbank before joining the Tay immediately north of Perth. The river's course is around 48 kilometres (30 mi) long
 The Moose River is an 83-mile-long (134 km) river in Maine. Its source (45°32′24″N 70°41′46″W) is in Beattie (Maine Township 2 Range 8 WBKP) on the Canada – United States border which runs along the height of land between the watersheds of the Kennebec River in Maine and the Chaudière River in Quebec. From there the river runs east through Attean Pond and Wood Pond past the town of Moose River then through Long Pond and Brassua Lake.
 Castle Ring is an Iron Age hill fort situated high up on the southern edge of Cannock Chase Staffordshire in the village of Cannock Wood England. Castle Ring was thought to have been occupied around AD 50 by the Celtic Cornovii tribe.Apart from the perimeter earthworks little remains visible.
 Mount Yuelu (simplified Chinese: 岳麓山; traditional Chinese: 嶽麓山; pinyin: yuèlù shān) is located on the west bank of Xiang River in Changsha Hunan China. Its main peak and the highest point Yunlu Peak is about 300 meters above the sea level. Mount Yuelu is noted for its many scenic spots including Qingfeng Gorge Aiwan Pavilion Lushan Temple Yunlu Palace the White Crane Spring and the Flying Stone. Qingfeng Gorge lies in the low area between Yuelu Academy and Lushan Temple.
 The Bendor Range is a small but once-famous subrange of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains about It is approximately 7000 square kilometres (2700 mi²) in area and about 40 km long (NW to SE) and about 18 km at its widest.
 Colville Lake is the 20th largest lake in Canada's Northwest Territories. The lake is located 100 km (62 mi) northwest of Great Bear Lake in the Sahtu Region. The lake has a perimeter of 121 km (75 mi) and a net area of 416 km² (161 sq mi) and a total area of 439 km² (169 sq mi).The only community on the lake Colville Lake which is Sahtu Dene village of 126 and is located on the southeast shore along with Colville Lake/Tommy Kochon Aerodrome and Colville Lake Water Aerodrome.
 The Treznea River is a tributary of the Agrij River in Romania.
 Schlettenbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Gusvatnet (Southern Sami: Stoerenjuananjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The 4.02-square-kilometre (1.55 sq mi) lake flows out into the river Guselva which flows a short distance into the larger lake Lenglingen.
 Grænalón is one of the glacier lakes of the Icelandic glacier Vatnajökull. It is situated in the south of Iceland. Its surface measures 18 km².Unlike the better known glacier lake Jökulsárlón it is lying not at the sea shore but in the Highlands of Iceland at the northwestern end of the glacier Skeiðarájökull which is part of Vatnajökull.
 Ellerbach (Altenau) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Irrawaddy River or Ayeyarwady River (or 'Irawati' River in Hindi) (Burmese: ဧရာဝတီမြစ်; MLCTS: erawa.ti mrac pronounced: [ʔèjàwədì mjɪʔ] also spelt Ayeyarwaddy) is a river that flows from north to south through Myanmar (formerly Burma). It is the country's largest river and most important commercial waterway. Originating from the confluence of the N'mai and Mali rivers it flows relatively straight North-South before emptying through the Irrawaddy Delta into the Andaman Sea.
 Store Lenangstind is a mountain in the municipality of Lyngen in Troms county Norway. It is within the Lyngen Alps mountain range and has the fourth highest primary factor in Norway. It's located about 15.5 kilometres (9.6 mi) northwest of the village of Lyngseidet just west of the Lyngenfjorden. The Strupbreen glacier lies along the southeastern side of the mountain.Its ascent involves easy glacier crossings steep snow climbing and easy rock scrambling.
 The Vlădețul Mijlociu River is a tributary of the Vlădeț River in Romania.
 Turf Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. The lake is about 35km north east of Halifax City close to the Halifax Stanfield International Airport.
 The Alster is a right tributary of the River Elbe in Northern Germany. It has its source near Henstedt-Ulzburg Schleswig-Holstein flows roughly southwards and reaches the Elbe in Hamburg. In the centre of Hamburg the Alster has been dammed. The Alster forms two artificial lakes in the city of Hamburg.
 The Cocle del Norte River is a river of Panama.
 Tô Lịch River (Vietnamese: Sông Tô Lịch) is a small river flowing in the territory of the Hanoi capital. Mainstream Tô Lịch river flows through the districts Cầu Giấy Thanh Xuân Hoàng Mai and Thanh Trì. It is also known as Kim Giang.
 Ma'adim Vallis is one of the largest outflow channels on Mars about 700 km long and significantly larger than Earth's Grand Canyon. It is over 20 km wide and 2 km deep in some places. It runs from a region of southern lowlands thought to have once contained a large group of lakes (see Eridania Lake) north to Gusev crater near the equator.
 Baldet is a lunar crater that is located on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies in the lava-flooded region between the craters Cori to the north Stoney to the southwest and the worn walled plain Minkowski to the southeast.The rim of Baldet is low and worn but generally retains its original circular shape.
 The East Branch Chandler River is a 5.2-mile-long (8.4 km) tributary of the Chandler River in Washington County Maine. It flows west from its source (44°42′17″N 67°34′20″W) in Jonesboro to its mouth in Centerville.
 Carnedd Dafydd is a mountain peak in the Carneddau range in Snowdonia North Wales and is the third highest peak in Wales or the fourth if Crib y Ddysgl on the Snowdon ridge is counted. Situated south-west of Carnedd Llewelyn and north of Pen yr Ole Wen Carnedd Dafydd is on the main ridge of the Carneddau and on the border between Gwynedd and Conwy.
 Bilsener Bek (in Low German Bilsener Beek)s a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Elsoff is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lac Grand is a lake in the Outaouais region of Quebec Canada. It covers an area of about 377 hectares and lies at an elevation of 160 m (520 ft) above sea level. There are no settlements on the lake although it has many cottages on its shore. Despite having many cottages some permanent residents live on the lake. Watersports such as waterskiing and kneeboarding are popular among residents of the lake.
 Foster is a small lunar crater that lies to the southeast of the larger crater Joule on the far side of the Moon. The rim of Foster is slightly eroded and the narrow inner walls slope directly down to the relatively dark interior floor. The rim has a small outward bulge along the southwest side. There is a small craterlet on the floor next to the northern rim.
 Kates Needle is a mountain in the Stikine Icecap region of the Alaska-British Columbia border west of the junction of the Stikine River and Porcupine River. The summit has also been known as Boundary Peak 70.
 Laguna Celeste is a lake of Bolivia in the Sur Lípez Province Potosí Department. At an elevation of 4529 m its surface area is 2.3 km².
 St Mary's Loch is the largest natural loch in the Scottish Borders and is situated on the A708 road between Selkirk and Moffat about 72 kilometres (45 mi) south of Edinburgh. It is 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) long and 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) wide and was created by glacial action during the last ice age.
 The Snaring River is a medium-sized river in the Canadian Rockies. It runs through parts of Jasper National Park in Alberta Canada. The Snaring River is a significant tributary of the Athabasca River. The Snaring is named after a former local tribe of first nations people who lived in dugouts and trapped animals with snares.
 Zelinsky is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies nestled along the northern edge of Mare Ingenii with the oddly shaped crater Van de Graaff along the east rim and the lava-flooded crater Thomson within one crater diameter to the south.This crater is somewhat elliptical having an outwardly bulging rim to the east.
 Mickiewicz is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 100 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Mickiewicz is named for the Polish poet Adam Mickiewicz who lived from 1798 to 1855.
 The Dorolea River is a tributary of the Cuşma River in Romania.
 The Dobriașul Mare River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 Lake Olga (French: Lac Olga) is a lake in north-western Quebec Canada 30 km east of Matagami. The lake is said to be one of two lakes in the region that contain an unidentified species of fish called yûtinamekw meaning windfish in the local Iynu language.
 The River Ashop is a river in the Derbyshire Peak District England. Its source is on Black Ashop Moor just east of the Pennine Way and north of Kinder Scout.The river flows approximately ten kilometres east following the Sheffield to Manchester Snake Pass road through remote countryside before emptying into Ladybower Reservoir which itself flows into the River Derwent.The only significant tributary of the River Ashop is the short River Alport.
 Pico das Agulhas Negras is the fifth highest mountain in Brazil standing at 2791 metres (9157 ft) above sea level making it one of the highest in the Brazilian Highlands. It is located in Itatiaia National Park in the Serra da Mantiqueira range on the border of Rio de Janeiro and Minas Gerais states.The climb to the top was first attempted by Franklin Massena in 1856.
 Lac de Conflans is a lake at the confluence of the Ain and Valouse Rivers. It lies in the communes of Thoirette in the Jura department and Corveissiat in the Ain department of France.
 Goddard is a lunar crater that is located along the eastern limb of the Moon and so is visible from the edge from Earth. It is best viewed during favorable librations when the orientation of the Moon brings it further into sight. The crater is located in the Mare Marginis to the northeast of the prominent crater Neper. Ibn Yunus a crater remnant is attached to the southeastern rim and is partly overlaid by Goddard.
 Bangmunsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 606 metres.
 The Pietrosu de Sus River is a tributary of the Tecșe River in Romania.
 Baegamsan is a mountain in the counties of Hongcheon and Inje Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1099 m (3606 ft).
 The Azul River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Nilahue River is an Andean river in Lago Ranco commune in south-central Chile.Nilahue River originates in Cordón Caulle volcano and discharges into Ranco Lake being its second largest tributary after Calcurrupe River. The catchment basin of the river receives water both from rainfall and from snow melt in the Cordón Caulle plateau. Los Baños hot springs are located on one of its upper tributaries.
 Lake Akan (阿寒湖 Akan-ko) is a lake in Kushiro Hokkaidō Japan. It is located in Akan National Park and is a Ramsar Site.
 The João de Tiba River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Transhimalaya or Gangdise - Nyenchen Tanglha range is a 1600 km long mountain range in China extending in a west-east direction parallel to the main Himalayan range. Located north of Yarlung Tsangpo river on the southern edge of the Tibetan Plateau the Transhimalaya is composed by the Gangdise range to the west and the Nyenchen Tanglha range to the east. The area was discovered[citation needed] by Swedish explorer Sven Hedin and is also named the Hedin Range in his honour.Mount Kailash
 Cleaver Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is about 850 metres (2789 ft) long and 200 metres (656 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 401 metres (1316 ft) about 19.5 kilometres (12.1 mi) northwest of the community of Schreiber. The primary inflow and outflow is the Whitesand River and the lake is immediately upstream of Zenith Lake.
 The Charobamba River is a river of Bolivia.
 Neroberg is a mountain of Wiesbaden in Hesse Germany.
 The Winnetuxet River is a 12.1-mile-long (19.5 km) river in southeastern Massachusetts. It flows west from an unnamed pond near Cole Mill in Carver through Plympton and Halifax to the Taunton River.
 The Jupilingo River is a river of Guatemala.
 The Waikaia River is a river in New Zealand a tributary of the Mataura River.The moderate sized Waikaia River rises in swamps and tussock land in the Umbrella Mountains to the east of the headwaters of the Pomahaka River and then flows south for 50 km through rugged native bush-clad hills and then from Piano Flat though farmed areas until it joins the Mataura River at Riversdale.Its tributaries include Gow Burn Steeple Burn Dome Burn Winding Creek and Argyle Burn with the Dome Burn and Steeple Burn being brown trout spawning streams for the Mataura River system.Highly regarded as a brown trout fishery the quality of the water in its lower reaches deteriorated in the early 21st century due to the conversion of much of the surrounding farmland to intensive dairy farming.
 Chamechaude is the highest summit in the Chartreuse Massif in the Isère department in eastern France. It is the fourth most prominent mountain in metropolitan France.
 Mount Giluwe is the second highest mountain in Papua New Guinea at 4367 metres (14327 ft) (Mount Wilhelm being the highest). It is located in the Southern Highlands province and is an old shield volcano with vast alpine grasslands. Ancient volcanic plugs form its two summits with the central peak the highest and an east peak about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) away at 4300 m (14108 ft).
 The Tigris River /ˈtaɪɡrɪs/ is the eastern member of the two great rivers that define Mesopotamia the other being the Euphrates. The river flows south from the mountains of southeastern Turkey through Iraq.
 The Pleștioara River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Radl Pass (Slovene: Radeljski prelaz) with an altitude of 670 metres (2200 ft) is a mountain pass in the Alps located on the border between Austria and Slovenia in the Bundesland of Styria.The pass road begins in the municipality of Lieboch and crosses the A 2 Autobahn. It is used heavily by industrial traffic.
 Schiehallion (Scottish Gaelic: Sìdh Chailleann) is a prominent mountain in Perth and Kinross Scotland. Schiehallion has a rich botanical life interesting archaeology and a unique place in scientific history for an 18th-century experiment in 'weighing the world'. The mountain's popularity amongst walkers led to erosion on its footpath and extensive repairs were undertaken in 2001.
 Shaqsha (Ancash Quechua for jingle bell / a typical dancer of the Ancash Region hispanicized Shacsha) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5650 metres (18537 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Huaraz Province Olleros District. Shaqsha lies southwest of Wantsan west of Urwashrahu and southeast of the town Huaraz (Waras).There are two little lakes west of Shaqsha. The one to the east is named Shaqshaqucha (Quechua qucha lake Shacshacocha).
 At 186 metres (610 ft) Morgans Pond Hole in Manchester Parish Jamaica is the second deepest known cave in the island.
 Ladder Creek Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and is a northwest tongue of the larger Neve Glacier. Ladder Creek Glacier added 105 m (344 ft) between 1950 and 1979 but lost 190 m (620 ft) from 1979 to 2006. Ladder Creek Glacier descends from 7800 to 6000 ft (2400 to 1800 m).
 Ulfe (Sontra) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Marscholhorn (also known as Piz Moesola) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking the San Bernardino Pass in the canton of Graubünden. It lies at the eastern end of the range between the Hinterrhein valley and the Mesolcina east of the Zapporthorn.
 Klein River is a river in the Western Cape province of South Africa. The river mouth is located at Hermanus. Its tributaries include the Karringmelk River. It falls within the Drainage system G.
 The Tille is an 83-kilometre-long (52 mi) river of eastern France (département Côte-d'Or) a right tributary of the Saône. It is formed by the confluence of three small streams near Cussey-les-Forges on the Plateau of Langres. The Tille flows south through the following towns: Til-Châtel Arc-sur-Tille (east of Dijon) and Genlis. The Tille flows into the Saône in Les Maillys 8 km south of Auxonne.
 Kamuiwakka River (カムイワッカ川 Kamuiwakka-kawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan. Because of its volcanic origin the water temperature reaches 30 °C (86 °F).
 The Valea Utii River is a tributary of the Pârâul lui Toderaş in Romania.
 Donaldson Run is a stream in Arlington County Virginia. From its source near Marymount University Donaldson Run flows on a northeastern course and empties into the Potomac River within the Federal parklands of the George Washington Memorial Parkway. Donaldson Run is surrounded predominantly by forests.
 The Wachusett Reservoir is the second largest body of water in the state of Massachusetts. It is located in central Massachusetts northeast of Worcester. It is part of the water supply system for metropolitan Boston maintained by the Massachusetts Water Resources Authority (MWRA). It has an aggregate capacity of 65 billion US gallons (250000000 m3) and an area of almost 7 square miles (18.2 km²).
 The Iradia River is a tributary of the Grivele River in Romania.
 Lake Stymphalia (Greek: Λίμνη Στυμφαλία - pron. Límnē Stymphalía) is located in the north-eastern part of the Peloponnese in Corinthia southern Greece. It is a Wetlands area a popular farming area. Usually this area around the lake is fairly dry underfoot. In certain weather conditions thousands of small green frogs hide in the damp grass from the aquatic snakes.
 The Goio-Ere River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Lake Ghioroc (Lacul Ghioroc in Romanian) is a man-made lake located in Ghioroc Arad County Romania. The lake has a surface area of approximately 1050 square kilometers (410 sq mi) and is a popular recreational and fishing destination . The lake has several land patches away from the coastline which are used as holidays resorts or for clubbing.The lake is divided into two sides Ghioroc 1 and Ghioroc 2. The second side Ghioroc 2 is the only side opened for tourists.
 The Salgado River (Vaza Barris River) is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Kokolik River is a stream 200 miles (320 km) long in the western North Slope of the U.S. state of Alaska. It rises in the De Long Mountains of the western Brooks Range and flows generally north and northwest into the Kasegaluk Lagoon. The river mouth is 1 mile (1.6 km) east of Point Lay on the Chukchi Sea of the Arctic Ocean.Its Inuit name Kokolik refers to the alpine bistort an edible plant found in the region.
 Tilicho Peak is a mountain in the Nepalese Himalaya near Annapurna. The peak was discovered in 1950 by the team led by Maurice Herzog who were attempting to find Annapurna I.The first ascent was made in 1978 by the French climber Emanuel Schmutz using the northwest shoulder.
 Tenmile Lake is the largest and southernmost of a chain of lakes along the Oregon Coast south of the Umpqua River in the United States. The chain includes North Tenmile Eel Clear and smaller lakes which drain into the Pacific Ocean via Tenmile Creek. The lake is 8 miles (13 km) south of Reedsport and 0.5 miles (0.80 km) east of U.S. Route 101 near the community of Lakeside.Tenmile Lake is named after the creek which is about 10 miles (16 km) south of Winchester Bay.
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 Lucky Peak Lake (also known as Lucky Peak Reservoir) is a reservoir on the Boise River in the U.S. state of Idaho. It is located mainly in Ada County extending into Boise County and Elmore County. It was created in 1955 with the construction of Lucky Peak Dam. Lucky Peak State Park surrounds part of the lake.
 The Cobleş River is a tributary of the Arieșul Mare River in Romania. The upper reach upstream of the junction with the Valea Gojii River is also known as Ponoraşu River
 The Mährenhorn is a mountain in the Urner Alps overlooking Innertkirchen in the Bernese Oberland. It lies west of Triftsee near the Trift Glacier.
 The Fissenkenkopf is a hill in the Harz Mountains of Germany that rises south of Sieber in the county of Osterode in Lower Saxony. It is 527 metres high and is the western extension of the Adlersberg and the Kloppstert hills.
 Las Colinas are a mountain range in Kings County California.
 The Isabela River is a river of the Dominican Republic.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Brebu River in Romania.
 The Chelmer and Blackwater Navigation is the canalisation of the Rivers Chelmer and Blackwater in Essex in the east of England. The navigation runs for 13.75 miles (22.13 km) from Springfield Basin in Chelmsford to the sea lock at Heybridge Basin near Maldon. It was opened in 1797 and remained under the control of the original company until 2003. It is now run by Essex Waterways Ltd a wholly owned subsidiary of the Inland Waterways Association.
 The West Maui Mountains or West Maui Volcano known to the Hawaiians as Maui Komohana and to geologists as Mauna Kahalawai forms a much eroded shield volcano that constitutes the western one-quarter of the Hawaiian Island of Maui.The three moku or districts of west Maui are Lāhaina Kāʻanapali and Wailuku. Wailuku is also known as Pūʻalikomohana or Nā Wai ʻEhā which means the four waters.
 The Otama River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand's North Island. A short river it flows north from a peninsula on the Coromandel's northeast coast to reach the sea five kilometres east of Kuaotunu.
 Lake Harris is a lake in Lake County Florida United States 31 miles (50 km) northwest of Orlando. It is part of the Upper Ocklawaha River Basin a sub-basin of the St. Johns River. It is known by locals as the Harris Chain of Lakes or Ocklawaha Chain of Lakes.Lake Harris is the largest lake in Lake County at 13788 acres (56 km2) with an irregular shape when viewed from the air. An adjoining lake Little Lake Harris east of SR 19 is a smaller version of the lake.
 Arrowhead Pool is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Situated within Hanging Canyon tiny Arrowhead Pool is surrounded by Mount Saint John to the north and Symmetry Spire to the south while Ramshead Lake is .25 miles (0.40 km) to the west.
 The Haitón del Guarataro is a solutional cave system in the Sierra de San Luis in Falcón State Venezuela 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) south-east of Curimagua. It is the deepest limestone cave in Venezuela and the entrance is a tourist attraction within the Juan Crisóstomo Falcón National Park. A large entrance shaft 12 metres (39 ft) in diameter leads via drops of 168 metres (551 ft) 55 metres (180 ft) and 19 metres (62 ft) to a stream passage which eventually chokes.
 The Sava (pronounced [ˈsaːva]) is a river in Southeast Europe a right side tributary of the Danube. It flows through Slovenia Croatia along the northern border of Bosnia and Herzegovina through Serbia discharging into the Danube in Belgrade. Its central part is a natural border of Bosnia-Herzegovina and Croatia.
 The Alsek Ranges are the southeasternmost subdivision of the Saint Elias Mountains of the Pacific Cordillera. They span the region between the Alsek River Glacier Bay and the Kelsall River (which is the route of the highway from Haines Alaska to Haines Junction Yukon). Their western boundary is the Grand Pacific Glacier beyond which is the Fairweather Range another subdivision of the St. Elias Mountains.
 Ruchenköpfe is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. And also a lavish vacation spot for celebrities such as world renowned music critic Michael Stegmeier.
 Beacon Hill in Sedgley England is one of the highest points in the West Midlands at 237 metres (778 ft) above sea level.From the summit Wolverhampton Walsall and Birmingham are all visible as is the Staffordshire Shropshire and Welsh countryside to the west. The hill is so named as historically it was one in a series of prominent locations with beacons on top where a fire would be lit as a signal during times of war or turmoil.
 Villarrica is one of Chile's most active volcanoes rising above the lake and town of the same name. The volcano is also known as Rucapillán a Mapuche word meaning House of the Pillán. It is the westernmost of three large stratovolcanoes that trend perpendicular to the Andean chain along the Gastre Fault. Villarrica along with Quetrupillán and the Chilean portion of Lanín are protected within Villarrica National Park.
 Stac Pollaidh is a mountain in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland. The peak displays a rocky crest of Torridonian sandstone with many pinnacles and steep gullies. The crest is extremely weathered (more so than other Torridonian peaks) suggesting that it was not covered in ice during the last Ice Age.The name Stac Pollaidh is often anglicised to Stack Polly.
 The Blue Wing Mountains are a mountain range in west central Pershing County Nevada.The range is a small northeast trending range typical of the Basin and Range province. Adjacent to the northwest side of the range is a desert playa of the broad Kumiva Valley. To the west beyond the Kumiva valley lies the Selenite Range. To the southest lie the Nightingale Mountains and directly south across the narrow Juniper Pass are the closely associated Sahwave Mountains.
 Santiago Peak is the southern mountain of Orange County's Saddleback formation. It is the highest and most prominent peak of both the Santa Ana Mountains and Orange County and also marks a border point with Riverside County. The top of it is covered with many microwave and telecommunication antennas. It is named for Santiago Creek which begins on its southwestern flank.
 The Großer Rettenstein is a mountain with multiple peaks in the Kitzbühel Alps in Austria. The main summit reaches a height of 2362 m AAAlthough not the highest mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps (that honour goes to the Kreuzjoch at 2558 m AA) the Großer Rettenstein is the most striking in this range of otherwise gentle grass-covered mountains.
 Located above the town of Leukerbad the Daubenhorn is a mountain in the Bernese Alps known for having the longest Via Ferrata in Switzerland built into its Southeast rock face which allows access to the summit. This via ferrata is considered to be extremely difficult (ED) and requires very good fitness to make the 6 hour climb to the summit from the base of the Via Ferrata at 2350 m. In addition it is also possible to reach the summit by trekking a circuitous route starting from Gemmi Pass.
 Bras d'Or Lake /brəˈdɔr/ is an inland sea or large body of partially fresh/ salt water in the centre of Cape Breton Island in the province of Nova Scotia Canada. Bras d'Or Lake is sometimes referred to as the Bras d'Or Lakes or the Bras d'Or Lakes system; however its official geographic name is Bras d'Or Lake as it is a singular entity. Canadian author and yachtsman Silver Donald Cameron describes Bras d'Or Lake as A basin ringed by indigo hills laced with marble.
 The Coamo River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Yongwang mountain is a mountain in Seoul Yangcheon District Mok-dong Korea.Its height is 78 metres (256 ft) and it is also called umji mountain.
 The Valea Dragă River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Lac Bleu d'Ilhéou is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 1976 m its surface area is 0.113 km².
 Cold Lake is a large lake in Northern Alberta and Saskatchewan Canada. The lake straddles the Alberta/Saskatchewan border and has a water area of 373 km2 (144 sq mi). It is also one of the deepest lakes in Alberta with a maximum depth of 99.1 m (325 ft). It has around 24 known species of fish in it and is a major ice fishing lake. It is also major stop for many migrating birds and is home to one of the largest warbler populations in Alberta.
 Licancabur Lake is a crater lake in Chile located in the Licancabur volcano in the Antofagasta region of the Región de Antofagasta Province of El Loa and close to San Pedro de Atacama as well as very close to the border of Chile with Bolivia.
 Red Lake (translated from the Ojibwe language Miskwaagamiiwi-zaaga'igan: Lake with its liquid [water] be colored red) is a lake in Beltrami County in northern Minnesota USA. It is the largest natural freshwater lake located entirely within Minnesota and the 16th largest lake in the United States. The lake is separated into two sections by a peninsula on the eastern side that almost bisects it in the middle. The community of Ponemah lies on the peninsula.
 Wayna Qutuni or Waynaqutuni (Aymara wayna young (man) bachelor qutu heap pile -ni a suffix to indicate ownership (the one with a heap) Qutuni a neighboring mountain young Qutuni hispanicized spellings Huayna Cotoni Huaynacotoni Huaynacutuni) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5463 metres (17923 ft) high. It is located in the Lima Region Yauyos Province on the border of the districts Ayaviri Quinches and Tanta.
 Mount Pilkington is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1898 after Charles Pilkington. Mount Pilkington is located on the continental divide between the Campbell icefield and the Freshfield icefield.
 The Broad River is a tidal channel in Beaufort and Jasper County South Carolina. The channel flows between mainland on the west and Port Royal and Parris Islands on the east. The Coosawhatchie River flows into the Broad River at the head. It joins Coosaw River channel Northeast and continues Southeast to Atlantic Ocean as Port Royal Sound.S.C. Highway 170 crosses the Broad River on a 1.7-mile bridge connected Beaufort and Port Royal with southern Beaufort and Jasper counties.
 Viejas Mountain is a mountain in San Diego County in the U.S. state of California. The mountain can be seen from parts of metropolitan San Diego. The summit is about 3 miles (5 km) northeast of the community of Alpine in the Cleveland National Forest.With spectacular view of mountains city and ocean; Viejas Mountain is the 3rd highest peak in San Diego County and is approx. 1 hour hike (one way).
 The Carhaga River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Uja Tirche (literally High Mountain) is a peak close to the Tibetan border in the Nanda Devi group of the Kumaon/Garhwal Himalaya. It was first climbed in 1937 by Lieutenant (later Major-General) R C A Edge with a surveying party from the Survey of India.
 Kvarnsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Valea Largă River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 The Delnița River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Wiebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Hercules Bay is a bay 0.5 nautical miles (1 km) wide which lies 1 nautical mile (2 km) west-northwest of Cape Saunders along the north coast of South Georgia. It was named by Norwegian whalers after the Hercules (or Herkules) a whale catcher which had visited the bay.
 Stoppelberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Vestre Hestlægerhøy is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Épaule du Bouchet is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Vanoise Massif range. It has an elevation of 3250 metres above sea level.
 The Traisen is a river in Lower Austria.The Traisen is formed from the rivers Rechte Traisen and Unrechte Traisen. It is a tributary of the Danube in the Lower Austrian region of Mostviertel. Its two sources begin near St. Aegyd am Neuwalde and Türnitz respectively. After meeting they flow through the municipalities of Türnitz Lilienfeld Traisen Wilhelmsburg and St. Pölten before meeting the Danube at Traismauer.
 Tommarp River (Swedish: Tommarpsån) is a river in Skåne Sweden.
 The Dry River is a river in St Mary Jamaica.
 Slættaratindur is the highest mountain in the Faroe Islands at an altitude of 880 metres. It is located in the northern part of Eysturoy between the villages of Eiði Gjógv and Funningur. Funningur lies at the foot of the mountain.Its name means flat summit. It can be climbed in about four hours and although the routes are steep technical climbing skills are not necessary to reach the summit. In clear weather the summit gives views over the entire archipelago.
 The Redknife River is a river in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It is a major tributary of the Mackenzie River.The Redknife Formation a stratigraphical unit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin was named for the river.
 The Bocaina River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Oaşa Dam is a large dam on the Sebeş River in Romania.The project was started and finished in the 1980s and it was made up by the construction of a reinforced concrete facing rockfilled dam 91 m high.The Gâlceag hydropower plant is equipped with two turbines having an installed capacity of 150 MW. The power station generates 260 GWh of electricity per year.
 Movri (Greek: Μόβρη) is a forested mountain range in western Achaea Greece. Its highest point is 718 m amsl. It covers part of the municipal units Movri Dymi Larissos and Olenia. It is located about 30 km southwest of Patras. The higher mountain range Skollis lies to its southeast. The river Larissos has its source in the Movri and flows to the west. Villages around the Movri are from the north clockwise: MyrtosVythoulkasPolylofoAno VelitsesMichoiAgios Nikolaos SpatonMataragkaPetasKrinos
 Freud is a tiny lunar crater that lies on a plateau within the Oceanus Procellarum in the northwest part of the Moon's near side. It is located a few kilometers to the west of the Vallis Schröteri a large sinuous valley that begins to the north of the crater Herodotus then meanders north then northwest and finally southwest until it reaches the edge of the lunar mare.
 Stump Pond also known as Reservoir is a 100-acre (0.40 km2) reservoir in Pembroke Massachusetts in the East Pembroke section of the town east of the northern end of the Routes 14 and 53 concurrency west of Keene Pond and southwest of Arnold School Pond. The reservoir is the headwaters to Pudding Brook. The water quality is impaired due to flow alterations whose source is unknown.
 Étang de la Montoie is a pond at Cornol in the Canton of Jura Switzerland.The commune of Cornol's web site describes the 1.4 hectare pond as an idyllic place allowing one to give oneself over to fishing walking or resting. (L'étang de la Montoie est un emplacement idyllique permettant de s'adonner à la pêche aux promenades ou au repos.)The Société de l'Étang de la Montoie includes about 50 fishermen and 100 supporting members.
 Oslava is a river in the Czech Republic the left tributary of the Jihlava River. It originates in the Bohemian-Moravian Highlands (Českomoravská vrchovina) upland at the elevation of 567 m and flows for 99.2 km to Ivančice where it enters the Jihlava River.It flows through numerous towns and villages including Nové Veselí Ostrov nad Oslavou Velké Meziříčí Náměšť nad Oslavou Oslavany and Ivančice.
 Summit Lake is a lake in the Madawaska Highlands in North Frontenac Frontenac County Ontario Canada about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) northwest of the community of Ompah.
 The Bedina River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Fehér Bükk-Csuhi János River or Fagul Alb II River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică River in Romania.
 The Goru River is a tributary of the Zăbala River in Romania.
 Teriberka River (Russian: Териберка; Kildin Sami: Терберк) is a river in the north of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia. It is 127 km in length and flows into the Barents Sea about 50 km east of Murmansk. The area of its drainage basin is 2227 km².There are two hydroelectric power stations on the Teriberka River with a total capacity of 157 MW and an annual production of 290 GWh[citation needed]. The village of Teriberka is located at its mouth.
 The Netot River (sometimes referred to as Netotu River) is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. The sign on the national road bridge crossing the river indicates it as Bungetu River. However this name does not appear on any of the maps of the region.
 Lake Fidler is a meromictic lake beside the Gordon River in the Wilderness World Heritage area of the west coast of Tasmania Australia. The lake has a layer of fresh water overlying an anoxic salt water layer.The meromictic lakes and ponds of the Gordon River were discovered by D.A.
 The Wapsipinicon River (locally known as the Wapsi) is a tributary of the Mississippi River approximately 300 miles (480 km) long in northeastern Iowa in the United States. It drains a rural farming region of rolling hills and bluffs north of Waterloo and Cedar Rapids. The initial syllable rhymes with pop.It rises in Mower County Minnesota and enters Iowa in northern Mitchell County.
 The Sulphur Spring Range is a mountain range located in east-central Nevada in the United States. The mountains are found mostly in Eureka County northeast of the Roberts Mountains and west of the Diamond Valley and Diamond Mountains. The range lies in a north-south direction and reaches an elevation of 7686 feet (2343 m) at Bald Mountain. The range crosses into Elko County at the northeastern end.
 MacGregors Lake is a lake of Inverness County in north-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 Lake Ayakum is a lake near the northern boundary of the Tibetan Plateau to the southeast of the Kunlun Mountains. While many of the small glacier and snowmelt-fed streams on the Plateau give rise to major South-east Asian rivers (including the Mekong and Yangtze) some empty into saline lakes such as Lake Ayakum.
 The Chockalog River is a river in the U.S. states of Massachusetts and Rhode Island. It flows approximately 4 km (2 mi). Its name is said to mean fox place.
 Mount Yakushi (薬師岳 Yakushi-dake) is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains reaching the height of 2926 m (9600 ft). It is situated in Japan's Hida Mountains in Toyama Prefecture. It was specified for Chūbu-Sangaku National Park on December 4 1934.
 The Pigne de la Lé is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of Zinal in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Grand Cornier on the range between the Moiry Glacier and the valley of Zinal.
 Col des Champs (elevation 2087 m (6847 ft)) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes-de-Haute-Provence in France.It connects Barcelonette and the road over the Col d'Allos joining the valleys of the Var River and the Verdon River.
 Eichstadt is a lunar impact crater that is located in the eastern section of the Montes Cordillera range that encircles the Mare Orientale impact basin. It lies toward the southwestern limb of the Moon and so appears oblong when viewed from the Earth due to foreshortening. A couple of hundred kilometers to the east of Eichstadt is the walled plain Darwin.The rim of this crater is well-defined and forms a somewhat uneven circle.
 Tripoli Creek is a creek in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District northeastern Ontario Canada.
 Svolhusgreini is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway.
 The Oberaarrothorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Bern. It lies south of the Oberaarjoch between the Fiescher Glacier and the Oberaar Glacier.
 The Gherpălocul Mic River is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
 The Vlădușca River is a tributary of the Bârsa Tămașului River in Romania.
 Ofotfjord (Norwegian: Ofotfjorden) or Narvik Fjord is a fjord in Nordland county Norway. It is an inlet of the Norwegian Sea located about 200 kilometres (120 mi) north of the Arctic Circle. The 78-kilometre (48 mi) long Ofotfjorden is Norway's 12th longest fjord and it is also the 18th deepest with a maximum depth of 553 metres (1814 ft).
 Tuetenseeli (Tuetesee) is a lake in Menznau Canton of Lucerne Switzerland. Its surface area is 2.15 ha. The lake and its surrounding bogs are a nature preserve.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Piz Canfinal is a mountain of the Bernina Range (Alps) located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies between the Val Malenco and the Val Poschiavo north of the Corno Campascio.
 Q'umirqucha or Q'umir Qucha (Quechua q'umir green qucha lake green lake hispanicized spelling Jomercocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province Marcapata District. It is situated at a height of about 4637 metres (15213 ft) about 0.54 km long and 0.36 km at its widest point. Q'umirqucha lies between the mountains Paqu Ananta and Ch'akiriyuq of the Willkanuta mountain range north of the village Yanaq Qusqu K'uchu.
 The Șumuleu River is a tributary of the Fitod River in Romania.
 The Padina lui Râie River is a tributary of the Padina Urşilor river in Romania.
 Mußkopf is a mountain in the Allgäu Alps of Bavaria Germany. It is a peak above a steep couloir below the Rappenseehütte alpine hut. There is no marked trail to the peak.
 Fischbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Tolay Lake is a shallow freshwater lake in southern Sonoma County California United States. The lake nestled within the southern vestiges of the Sonoma Mountains is the site of significant Native American prehistoric seasonal settlement.
 Pizzo Campolungo is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking Prato and Dalpe in the Leventina valley of the canton of Ticino. It lies just south of the Campolungo Pass.
 The Trestia River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
 Raklitza is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Plauer See is a lake in the state of Brandenburg Germany. It is situated to the west of the city of Brandenburg an der Havel and is one of a number of directly linked lakes along with the Breitlingsee Möserscher See Quenzsee and Wendsee.The lake has a surface area of 6.4 square kilometres (2.5 sq mi) and has a maximum depth of 6.7 metres (22 ft).The navigable River Havel flows through the lake entering from directly from the Breitlingsee and exiting downstream at Plaue.
 Big Cave is a small basaltic shield volcano located in northern California USA. It has young pyroclastic cones on its northern flank and on its summit.
 Davis Lake straddles the border between Deschutes County and Klamath County in the U.S. state of Oregon. A relatively large and shallow lake in the Deschutes National Forest it is located toward the south end of the Cascade Lakes Scenic Byway near Oregon Route 58 and U.S. 97. The lake is known as one of Oregon's best bass lakes.
 Hartmecke (Lenne) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Askio (Greek: Άσκιο) is a mountain range in the northwestern part of the Kozani and the eastern part of the Kastoria regional units in northern Greece. The elevation of its highest peak Siniatsiko is 2111 m (6926 ft). There are forests in the northern part. It stretches from the village Kleisoura in the northwest to Xirolimni in the southeast over a length of about 30 km (19 mi).
 The Valea Adâncă River is a tributary of the Doftana river in Romania.
 Otsego Lake is a lake located in Otsego County New York in the USA and is the source of the Susquehanna River. Cooperstown New York is at the southern end. Glimmerglass State Park is located on the northeastern shore.
 Lenglingen is a lake in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The 16.9-square-kilometre (6.5 sq mi) lake is fed by the lakes Holden and Gusvatnet and the water from Lenglingen flows south into the lake Ulen. The village of Sørli lies on the southeastern shore of the lake.
 The Stätzerhorn (also known as Piz Raschil) is a mountain of the Plessur Alps overlooking Lenzerheide in the canton of Graubünden. With an elevation of 2575 metres above sea level the Stätzerhorn is the culminating point of the range that lies west of the Lenzerheide Pass. Several trails lead to the top from both sides of the mountain. In winter the Stätzerhorn is part of a ski area.
 Thornton Reservoir is a small reservoir situated in the National Forest near the village of Thornton in Leicestershire. It has a surface area of 75 acres (300000 m2) and a perimeter of 2.45 miles (3.94 km). It was originally built in 1854 when it had its own treatment works which were situated to the south of the current dam. It is now owned by Severn Trent and the water is treated a few miles away at Cropston Reservoir to which it runs via Rothley Brook.
 Mee is a lunar crater that is located in the southwestern part of the Moon's near side. Overlying the northwestern rim and intruding one-third the distance across the interior floor is Hainzel a merged triple-crater formation. To the south is the highly elongated crater Schiller. Mee is 132 kilometers in diameter and 2.7 kilometers deep.
 Paracelsus is an impact crater on the Moon's far side. It is located to the east of the crater Barbier and to the southwest of the large walled plain Vertregt. To the south is the Mare Ingenii one of the few lunar maria on the far side.This is a circular crater with the smaller Paracelsus Y intruding into its northwestern rim. Attached to the southwest exterior is Paracelsus P. The rim of Paracelsus is eroded although the edge is still moderately well-defined.
 Rogers Pass (elevation 1330 m or 4360 ft) is a high mountain pass through the Selkirk Mountains of British Columbia used by the Canadian Pacific Railway and the Trans-Canada Highway. The pass is a shortcut across the Big Bend of the Columbia River from Revelstoke on the west to Donald near Golden on the east. The pass was discovered on May 29 1881 by Major Albert Bowman Rogers a surveyor working for the Canadian Pacific Railway.
 Mount San Antonio commonly known as Mount Baldy at 10068 ft (3069 m) is the highest peak in the San Gabriel Mountains and the highest point in Los Angeles County. Mount San Antonio's sometimes snow-capped peaks are visible on clear days and dominate the view of the Los Angeles skyline.
 Köping River (Swedish: Köpingsån) is a river in Sweden.
 The Chindeni River or Cindeni River (Hungarian: Kis-Heveder-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Špik is a mountain in Slovenian Julian Alps. Its summit is at 2472 m (8110 feet) above sea level. The mountain's name is a cognate of the English spike derived from its pointed shape.Spik may also refer to Salo- pork fat eaten in the Ukraine amongst other areas.
 The Izvorul Calului River is a tributary of the Bâsculița River in Romania.
 Ch'iyar Quta (Aymara ch'iyara black quta lake black lake hispanicized spellings Chiar Kkota Chiar Khota Chiar Kota) is a Bolivian lake located in the Nor Lípez Province of the Potosí Department near the border to Chile. It is situated at a height of about 4201 meters (13783 feet) south west of Laguna Hedionda and east of Mount Araral.
 Hohe Brach is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Capricorn Mountain is one of the several volcanic peaks of the Mount Meager massif in southwestern British Columbia Canada. The slopes of Capricorn Mountain appear to be more gentle than other volcanic peaks of the massif. The mountain consists of a boomerang-shaped ridge with one summit on each end of the boomerang and the main summit in the centre.On August 6 2010 a large debris flow started in the vicinity of the Capricorn Mountain.
 The Bahr el Zeraf (also spelled Bahr az-Zaraf Bahr ez Zeraf and Baḩr az Zarāf) is an arm of the White Nile in the Sudd region of South Sudan. It is completely contained within the South Sudanese state of Jonglei. Its name is Arabic for Giraffe River.
 Ochsenkopf is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps close to the town of Malbun with a height of 2286 metres (7500 ft).
 The Behinde is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 24 km (15 mi) southeast of Gold River and 2 km (1 mi) west of Golden Hinde.The Behinde is a member of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Mount Peale is the highest point in the La Sal Mountains of San Juan County in the southeastern part of the US state of Utah. It is also the highest point in Utah outside the Uinta Mountains. It is located about 20 mi (32 km) southeast of Moab. The peak rises high above the surrounding terrain.
 The Noidoro River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Wickerbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Winterswiesbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Rotenbach (Jagst) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Săcălaia River is a tributary of the Fizeş River in Romania.
 Ellenbach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Baksan River also known as Azau (Russian: Баксан Азау) is a river in Kabardino-Balkaria in Russia a right tributary of the Malka River (Terek's basin). The length of the Baksan is 173 km the area of its drainage basin is 6800 km². The Baksan originates in the glaciers of the Elbrus. The towns of Tyrnyauz and Baksan are located on the Baksan River.
 The Styx River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand. It flows west for 16 km from Styx Saddle into the Kokatahi River through native bush for the majority of its length.
 The Broad River is a river in Jamaica. It flows into the Black River at the Great Morass in St. Elizabeth.
 Neumühler See is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 44 m its surface area is 1.715 km².
 The Little Pine River is a 29.7-mile-long (47.8 km) tributary of the Pine River of Minnesota in the United States. Via the Pine River it is part of the Mississippi River watershed. The Little Pine River begins in the northeast corner of Crow Wing County at the outlet of Little Pine Lake and flows southwest to its junction with the Pine River in Crow Wing State Forest.
 Water resources management (WRM) in Honduras is a work in progress and at times has advanced; however unstable investment and political climates strong weather phenomenon poverty lack of adequate capacity and deficient infrastructures have and will continue to challenge developments to water resource management. The State of Honduras is working on a new General Water Law to replace the 1927 Law on Using National Waters and designed to regulate water use and management.
 The Bălăria River is a tributary of the Neajlov River in Romania.
 The Capibaribe River is a river located in Pernambuco state Brazil with a length of 240 kilometers. The Capibaribe originates in the Serra do Jacarará in the municipality of Poção and flows to the Atlantic Ocean at Recife.
 The Măcrișu River is a tributary of the Zăbala River in Romania.
 Köschinger Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Moesa is a 47 km river a tributary of the Ticino which flows through the Swiss cantons of Graubünden and Ticino.It rises in Val Vignun near the San Bernardino Pass and descends along with the A13 motorway through the Val Mesolcina towards Roveredo where it receives the rivers Calancasca and Traversagna. Near Arbedo-Castione the Moesa flows into the Ticino. The Moesa is a popular river for kayaking.
 Grutas de García (Garcia Caves) are located 9 kilometers outside the small town of García Nuevo León in northern Mexico about 30 km from Monterrey. The caves are inside the famous mountain El Fraile within the Cumbres de Monterrey National Park. Cerro del Fraile reaches 1080 meters above sea level and towers 750 meters over the main access road. The entrance to the caves is located on the side of Cerro del Fraile.
 Nirekha peak is located in the same chain as the Lobuche summits just E of the Cho La Col (not to be confused with the famous Cho La pass that is only a few hundred meters away). The peak is in the list of the new 'A' trekking peaks for which currently (2006) a peak fee of $500 has to be paid. The normal ascent to the Nirekha Peak is a great and - depending on the conditions - difficult climb at difficulty AD+/D-.
 The Valea Șindrilelor River is a tributary of the Tâmpu River in Romania.
 Letnica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Obra.
 The Wairongomai River or Wairongomai Stream is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is one of many small rivers and streams which radiate from the cone of Mount Taranaki and reaches the North Taranaki Bight to the west of Okato.
 Stora skogssjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Hundsmarter is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 A' Chrois is a mountain located in the Arrochar Alps north west of Arrochar in Argyll an extremely scenic area which is technically in the highlands although it is within easy reach of the heavily populated areas of Glasgow. A' Chrois stands north of Arrochar at the head of Loch Long and reaches a height of 848 meters (2782 ft).
 Schwarzbach (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ceboruco is a dacitic stratovolcano located in Nayarit Mexico northwest of the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt. The largest eruption the Jala Plinian eruption was around 930 AD ±200 VEI 6 releasing 11 cubic kilometres (2.6 cu mi) of tephra. The most recent and best documented eruption from Ceboruco lasted from 1870–1875 with fumarole activity lasting well into the 20th century.
 The Botfei River or Agriș River is a tributary of the Beliu River in Romania.
 The Kleine Bärenstein (English: Little Bear Rock) is a 338 metres (1109 feet) high table hill in the German region of Saxon Switzerland in the Free State of Saxony. Close by is the Großer Bärenstein which together with the Kleiner Bärenstein forms the massif of the Bärensteine.
 Cobark River a perennial river of the Manning River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter district of New South Wales Australia.
 Piz Cancian is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps located on the border between Italy and the Switzerland. On its eastern Swiss side it overlooks Lake Poschiavo. On its western Italian side lies a glacier named Vedretta di Pizzo Scalino.
 Milevska planina (Cyrillic: Милевска планина) is a mountain in southeastern Serbia and western Bulgaria near the town of Bosilegrad. Its highest peak Milevets (Bulgarian: Милевец) or Krvavi kamik (Serbian Cyrillic: Крвави камик) has an elevation of 1738 meters above sea level. It is located at the border of Serbia and Bulgaria.
 The Izvoarele River is a tributary of the Olăneşti River in Romania.
 Hjelledalstind is a mountain in the municipality of Årdal in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway in the Jotunheimen mountain range.It was first climbed in 1884 by Carl Hall and Mathias Soggemoen.
 Litton Reservoirs (also known as Coley Reservoirs) (grid reference ST590553) are two reservoirs near the village of Litton Somerset England. They are operated by Bristol Water.They lie on the boundary between Bath and North East Somerset and Mendip districts.The individual lakes are called Lower Litton and Upper Litton. The former is 8 acres (32000 m2) in size the latter 16 acres (65000 m2) and much deeper.
 E.V. Spence Reservoir (also known as Lake E.V. Spence) is a dry lake (formerly an artificial lake) located west of (and upstream from) the town of Robert Lee Texas. The reservoir was impounded by the creation of Robert Lee Dam in 1969 with the support of the Upper Colorado River Authority to provide a reliable water supply for Robert Lee and the surrounding communities in Coke County. The lake also serves as a recreational venue for fishing boating and swimming.
 The Români River (also known as Prăjești River Orbic River or Pârâul Negru) is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Batnfjordelva is a river in Gjemnes Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It originates from the lake Botnvatnet and it flows to the east and later northeast until it empties into the Batnfjorden at the village of Batnfjordsøra. The river is 19.6 kilometres (12.2 mi) long and it has a catchment of 70 square kilometres (27 sq mi).
 The Silk Stream is a brook just over 4 kilometres long in the London Borough of Barnet. It is one of the major components of the Blue Ribbon Network.The Silk Stream is a tributary of the River Brent which it joins at Brent Reservoir. It has several tributaries including Burnt Oak Brook Edgware Brook the Edgwarebury Brook and Deans Brook. The Silk Stream runs north-south through Colindale and Hendon.
 The Whangaehu River is a large river in central North Island of New Zealand. Its headwaters are the crater lake of Mount Ruapehu on the central plateau and it flows into the Tasman Sea eight kilometres southeast of Wanganui.
 The Opawa River is in the Marlborough region of the South Island of New Zealand. It begins in the Wairau valley where floodways are joined. It makes its way down the valley and flows through and looping around the eastern suburbs of Blenheim where it is crossed by the Opawa River Bridge. It joins the Taylor River in Blenheim (keeping the Opawa name) and flows into Cook Strait at Cloudy Bay just southeast of the mouth of the Wairau River.There are two possible sources for the river's name.
 Mount Tatum is a 11053-foot (3369 m) mountain in the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve. Mount Tatum lies to the northeast of Mount McKinley on Carpe Ridge with Muldrow Glacier to the west and Traleika Glacier to the east. Mount Tatum was named about 1945 by Bradford Washburn for Robert G. Tatum a participant in the first ascent of Mount McKinley reaching the South Peak on June 1 1913.
 Beauvais Lake is a lake in Alberta Canada.
 The Seekofel (Ladin: Sass dla Porta; Italian: Croda del Becco; German: Seekofel) is a mountain in the Dolomites on the border between South Tyrol and the Province of Belluno Italy.
 The River Penk is a small river flowing though Staffordshire England. Its course is mainly within South Staffordshire and it drains most of the northern part of that district together with some adjoining areas of Cannock Chase Stafford Wolverhampton and Shropshire. It flows into the River Sow which is a tributary of the River Trent so its waters flow ultimately into the North Sea via the Humber Estuary.
 Hispar Pass (or Hispar La) (el. 5128 m./16824 ft.) is a high-altitude non-technical mountain pass in the Karakoram Range in Pakistan.At the pass the Biafo Glacier (63 km. long) and Hispar Glacier (49 km long) meet to form the world's longest glacial traverse outside of the polar regions 100 kilometers in length.
 Rakaposhi (Räkapoşi) (Urdu: راکاپوشی) is a mountain in the Karakoram mountain range in Pakistan. It is situated in the Nagar Valley approximately 100 km north of the city of Gilgit in the Gilgit District of the Gilgit–Baltistan province of Pakistan. Rakaposhi means Snow Covered in the local language. Rakaposhi is also known as Dumani (Mother of Mist). It is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in Pakistan but it is more popular for its beauty than its rank might suggest.
 Rhino Rift is a cave near Charterhouse in the Carboniferous Limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. The cave is part of the Cheddar Complex SSSI.It is 253 m in length and reaches a depth of 147 m.The cave was discovered in 1971 after a successful dig by members of the Wessex Cave Club.
 The Urlătoarea Clincii River is a tributary of the Poarta River in Romania.
 Torfinnsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Voss in Hordaland county Norway.
 Lake Baghdad is one of a collection of salt lakes on Rottnest Island Western Australia.
 Canyon Road (Great Plank Road at inception) is a road connecting Beaverton and Portland Oregon United States. It was the first road between the Tualatin Valley and Portland and contributed significantly to Portland becoming the area's major deep water port and subsequent early growth of the city.The total modern length is 6.5 miles (10.5 km).
 Montes Agricola is an elongated range of mountains near the eastern edge of the central Oceanus Procellarum lunar mare. It lies just to the northwest of a plateau containing the craters Herodotus and Aristarchus.The selenographic coordinates of this range are 29.1° N 54.2° W. It continues for a distance of 141 kilometres. This range is a long slender ridge formation that is more rugged at the northeastern end. There is also a rise at the southwest terminus of the range.
 Otake (御岳 O-take) is a stratovolcano in the Tokara Islands of Japan. It is the largest mountain on Nakanoshima which is part of the village of Toshima in Kagoshima District of Kagoshima Prefecture. Being the largest mountain on a small island it is also referred to as Nakanoshima. It is also called Tokara Fuji from its shape.The mountain is an andesitic volcano. The volcano had a minor mud eruption in January 1914. In October 1949 the summit crater produced an ash cloud.
 The Sărăcinul Mic River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Pilugul River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 Malthouse Broad is a broad (i.e. lake) at Ranworth in the Norfolk Broads.The Helen of Ranworth is a traditional reed lighter a boat that carried away the reed harvest. Now it ferries visitors from Malthouse Broad to Ranworth Broad.
 The Orthon River is a river in the Pando Department of Bolivia and a tributary of river Beni.
 Kinkaid Lake is a reservoir located in southwestern Illinois. Entirely within Jackson County the lake is approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) northwest of Murphysboro and 100 miles (160 km) southeast of St. Louis.
 Half Dome is a granite dome in Yosemite National Park located in northeastern Mariposa County California at the eastern end of Yosemite Valley — possibly Yosemite's most familiar rock formation. The granite crest rises more than 4737 ft (1444 m) above the valley floor.
 Severn River (New South Wales) a watercourse of the Macintyre catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands and North West Slopes districts of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range north of Glen Innes and flows generally north-west joined by eleven tributaries including Beardy Waters and impounded by Lake Pindari near Ashford before reaching its confluence with the Macintyre River north of Wallangra; descending 825 metres (2707 ft) over its 205 kilometres (127 mi) course.
 Pecos Canyon is a tributary of the Devil's River in Val Verde County Texas.
 The Izvorul Bârlei River is a tributary of the Telcișor River in Romania.
 Mount Siyeh with a height of 10014 feet (3052 m) is the fifth tallest and one of six peaks over 10000 feet (3048 m) in Glacier National Park Montana United States. Mount Siyeh was named after a Blackfoot Indian Sai-yeh whose name means Crazy Dog or Mad Wolf.Mount Siyeh stands about two miles east of the Continental Divide within the watershed of the Saint Mary River which drains into the Saskatchewan River and ultimately into Hudson Bay.
 The Cathedral Lakes are two lakes located In Yosemite National Park Mariposa County California. The lakes are situated 1.6 km (1 mi) southwest of Cathedral Peak and 3.2 km (2 mi) east-northeast of Tenaya Lake. The lower lake is located at elevation 9288 feet (2831 m) while the upper lake is located at elevation 9585 feet (2922 m). The John Muir Trail is nearby with a 7 miles (11 km) round trip hike of from the trailhead in Tuolumne Meadows.
 The Oria [ˈoɾja] is a river in the Basque Country at the north of the Iberian Peninsula. It's one of a series of Basque rivers flowing into the Bay of Biscay (Atlantic basin) and the main river of the province Gipuzkoa in volume (25.6 m3/s) length (75 km) and basin (882.5 km2) the main feature of these rivers aligned south to north being their shortness. The maximum elevation at the source is 1260 m while at its lowest height the tidal influence extends inland up to Usurbil (estuary).
 The Tred Avon River (a corruption of Third Haven River) is a main tributary of the Choptank River in Talbot County on Maryland's Eastern Shore. The river is 17 miles (27 km) long.
 The Alagnak River is a 64-mile (103 km) tributary of the Kvichak River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It has a catchment area of approximately 1400 square mi (3600 km²). It is located in central Lake and Peninsula Borough.
 Østernvann is a lake north of Fossum in the municipality of Bærum in Akershus county Norway.
 Cardinal Lake is a lake in northwestern Alberta Canada. It is located at the southern limit of Mackenzie Highway near Grimshaw.Cardinal Lake has a total area of 50 km². Its waters are drained through the Whitemud River into the Peace River.Queen Elizabeth Provincial Park is located on the south eastern shore of the lake. The town of Grimshaw is located south from the lake. The communities of Berwyn Warrensville and Last Lake are also located around Cardinal Lake.
 The Mohokos is the highest peak of a hill range situated in Međimurje County northern Croatia. The hill range extends for about 20 kilometres across the northwestern part of the County (so called Upper Međimurje) in northwest-southeast direction and represents the terminal easternmost slopes of the Alps. As the highest elevation in the County Mohokos lies exactly 3444 metres above the sea level. There are meadows vineyards orchards and groves around it.
 The Thurwieserspitze (Italian: Punta Thurwieser; German: Thurwieserspitze) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps on the border between South Tyrol and the Province of Sondrio Italy.
 Meal Fell is a small fell in the northern region of the English Lake District it is situated seven kilometres south west of the village of Caldbeck and is one of the four main Uldale Fells (the others being Longlands Fell Great Cockup and Great Sca Fell).
 Muriel Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island west of Clayoquot Arm and north of Kennedy River.
 The Silver River is a short spring-fed river located east of Ocala in Marion County Florida. Fed by Silver Springs it connects the springs to the Ocklawaha River passing through a pristine woodland environment.
 Red Pass Lake is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California 66 km (41 mi) northeast of Tecopa. The lake is approximately 3 km (1.9 mi) long and 2.5 km (1.6 mi) at its widest point.
 Schwarzbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Waipapa River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southwest to reach the Whakanekeneke River 12 kilometres northwest of Lake Omapere.
 Barrow is small fell in the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria which reaches a height of 455 metres (1494 feet). It is situated in the quiet and picturesque Newlands Valley just 4 kilometres south west of the town of Keswick. Although modest in height Barrow commands a fine all round view with the vales of Keswick and Newlands being well seen. The name of the fell originates from the Anglo Saxon language meaning a hill or long ridge.
 The Scodie Mountains are located in the Sierra Nevada of California in the United States. The range lies in an east-west direction directly west of the town of Ridgecrest and southeast of Lake Isabella. The mountains reach an elevation of 7096 feet (2163 m) above sea level at Cathie's Peak and lie to the north of the Jawbone-Butterbredt Area of Critical Environmental Concern. The range was named by the U.S.
 The Wendenstöcke are a multi-summited mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking Gadmen in the canton of Bern. The main summit (3042 m) is named Gross Wendenstock.
 Tackett (Tackitt) Mountain is a summit in Young County Texas USA. It is located west of the Graham Texas. Site of famous Indian battle between Pleasant Tackitt and Old Piny Chummy.In the Descriptive History of Early Times in Western Texas Volume 2 by Joseph Carroll McConnell mentions Tackett Mountain in the book about the area:Pleasant Tackett a Methodist minister settled in Parker County in1854.
 Ch'uxña Quta (Aymara ch'uxña green quta lake green lake hispanicized spelling Chojna Kkota Choiña Kkota) is a lake in the Apolobamba mountain range of Bolivia situated in the La Paz Department Bautista Saavedra Province Curva Municipality Calaya Canton. It lies about 5543 metres (18186 ft) above sea level 4 km north west of Mount Iskillani (Isquillani).Ch'uxña Quta gets waters from the about 5617 m (18428 ft) high Ulla Q'alla (Ulla Khaya) east of it.
 Warank'anthi (Aymara hispanicized spelling Huarancante) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5426 metres (17802 ft) high. It is situated in the Arequipa Region Caylloma Province on the border of the districts Callalli Chivay and Yanque southeast of Chivay. Warank'anthi lies southwest of the mountain Q'illu Q'illu.
 Birch Creek is a 150-mile (240 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning at the confluence of Ptarmigan and Eagle creeks near Porcupine Dome it flows southwest then south under the Steese Highway and into the Steese National Conservation Area. It then turns east then north again passing under the Steese Highway and entering the Yukon Flats National Wildlife Refuge.
 Pico Almanzor is the highest mountain in central Spain. Situated in the Sierra de Gredos in the province of Ávila Almanzor is 2592 metres (8504 ft) high. It is made of granite. The mountain is also known as Pico de Almanzor and Moro Almanzor.
 Innominate Tarn is a small tarn in the northern Lake District National Park in England. It is situated at 520 metres above sea level near the summit of Haystacks. The name Innominate means without a name.It was formerly known as Loaf Tarn which referred to small islands of peat in the tarn resembling loaves.The tarn is the location where Alfred Wainwright's ashes were scattered.
 The Awarua River is a river of New Zealand. It flows south into Awarua Bay an indentation in the northern shore of Milford Sound in Fiordland.
 The Surenen Pass (German: Surenenpass) (el. 2291 m.) is a high mountain pass in Central Switzerland across the Urner Alps connecting Engelberg in the canton of Obwalden to Altdorf in the canton of Uri. The pass itself lies within the canton of Uri between the Brunnistock and the Schlossberg.The pass is traversed by a trail.
 Mount Major is a mountain located in Alton New Hampshire south of Lake Winnipesaukee and northeast of Straightback Mountain of the Belknap Range.The scenic rocky summit is a popular hiking destination accessible by multiple trails including the Mount Major Trail the Brook Trail and the Boulder Loop.The north east and south faces of Mount Major drain into Lake Winnipesaukee thence via the Winnipesaukee River into the Merrimack River and finally into the Gulf of Maine in Massachusetts.
 Mouldon Hill Country Park is a country park to the north west of the town centre of Swindon within the parish of Haydon Wick and close to Thamesdown Drive. It is owned and managed by Swindon Borough Council.The park is named after the small hill within it that rises from the River Ray and peaks at 105 metres above sea level.
 Mount Rosa elevation 11504 ft (3506 m) is a summit in the Front Range of Colorado 9 mi (14 km) southwest of downtown Colorado Springs. Mt. Rosa is part of the Pikes Peak Massif and rises 5475 ft (1669 m) above downtown Colorado Springs and is among the taller summits on the city's skyline.Hikers may access Mt. Rosa and its summit by way of several hiking trails in the area. The most common route is the Frosty Park Route and may be accessed by taking Cheyenne Mountain Blvd.
 Tafahi is a small (1.2 km × 2.8 km or 0.75 mi × 1.74 mi) island in the north of the Tonga archipelago in fact closer to Savaiʻi (Sāmoa) than the main islands of Tonga. It is only 9 km (5.6 mi) north-northeast away from Niuatoputapu and fishermen communicate in small outboard motorboats almost daily between the two.Other names for Tafahi are Cocos Eylant (coconut island) or Boscawen island.
 Tegelberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Anadyr (Russian: Ана́дырь) is a river in the far northeast Siberia which flows into Anadyr Bay of the Bering Sea and drains much of the interior of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug. Its basin corresponds to the Anadyrsky District of Chukotka.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Nadăş River in Romania.
 Corserine is the highest point of the Rhinns of Kells range in the Southern Uplands of southern Scotland. The usual route of ascent is from the car park at Forest Lodge to the east of the hill via Loch Harrow and North Gairy Top. Forest Lodge is a short drive from the village of St. John's Town of Dalry.
 Lake Tritriva is a volcanic lake in southwest-central Madagascar in the region of Vàkinankàratra located near the village of Belazao. The lake fills an extinct crater in a region notable also for the presence of many hot springs. It sits in the vent of an oval volcanic cone enclosed in vertical gneiss cliffs. The lake's water level drops during the rainy season and rises when the monsoon rains have ceased.Tritriva was drawn to the attention of the larger world by James Sibree Jr. in 1885.
 The Mohoru cu Apă River is a tributary of the Romanu River in Romania.
 Cima dei Cogn is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. It lies south of the higher Cima Rossa.
 The Puya (Russian: Пуя) is a river in Velsky and Shenkursky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Vaga River. The length of the river is 172 kilometres (107 mi). The area of its basin 2500 square kilometres (970 sq mi). The major tributary is the Sulanda (left).The source of the Viled is located close to Yemenga a village and a former station on the demolished railway line between Yura and Tyogrozero.
 Lower Deadwood Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County Idaho United States located in the Soldier Mountains in the Sawtooth National Forest. While no trails lead to the lake the lake is east of Iron Mountain which has an old Forest Service lookout on the top.
 The Mourão River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Mount Nekomadake (猫魔ヶ岳 Nekoma-dake Nekoma-gadake) is a stratovolcano located west of Mount Bandai close to Bandai town and Kitashiobara village in the Fukushima Prefecture Japan. It is 1403.6 metres high and close to Lake Inawashiro and Oguni-numa Pond.
 The Valea Porumbenilor River or Porumbeni River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 The Valea Iepii River is a tributary of the Finiș River in Romania.
 Schwaben Creek is a tributary of Mahanoy Creek in Northumberland County Pennsylvania in the United States. Schwaben Creek is approximately 10.7 miles (17.2 km) long. The creek has two named tributaries which both join Schwaben Creek fairly close to its mouth. The tributaries are called Middle Creek and Mouse Creek. Schwaben Creek flows through Upper Mahanoy Township Washington Township and Jackson Township.
 The White River is a 722-mile (1162-km) long river that flows through the U.S. states of Arkansas and Missouri.
 The Pere Marquette River is a river in Michigan in the United States. The main stream of this river is 63.9 miles (102.8 km) long running from Lake County south of Baldwin into the Pere Marquette Lake and from there into Lake Michigan.This river is named after the French Roman Catholic missionary Jacques Marquette who explored the Great Lakes and Mississippi River areas during the mid-17th century.
 The Weissenstein (1395 m) is a mountain of the Jura located north of Solothurn in the Swiss canton of Solothurn. The culminating point of the chain is distinguished by the name Röti. It is the easternmost summit above 1300 metres in the Jura Mountains.Until the end of 2009 there was a chairlift from Oberdorf to the spa hotel on top of the mountain (length: 2339 m). The tunnel of the railway line Solothurn-Moutier from Oberdorf to Gänsbrunnen on the other side was opened in 1908.
 Weihung is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Vilas County Wisconsin USA. Its surface area is 81 acres (33 ha) at an elevation of 1663 feet (507 m). The lake is close to the Michigan border.
 The Awatere River is a river in the Gisborne region of the North island of New Zealand. The Awatere is formed by the confluence of the Kopuapounamu River and the Taurangakautuku River and enters the Pacific Ocean just east of Te Araroa. State Highway 35 runs down the valley of the Awatere for much of the river's length.
 Mount Weiss is a mountain in Alberta Canada located in the Sunwapta River valley of Jasper National Park and is part of the Winston Churchill Range. The mountain was named in 1972 after Joe Weiss who had spent 45 years of his life exploring and guiding in Jasper.
 Dieße is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Zahorna River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui.
 The Șelaru River is a tributary of the Dâmbovnic River in Romania
 Wabe is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Piegan Mountain (9220 feet (2810 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Piegan Glacier is located in a cirque immediately southeast of the summit.
 Harrison Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Harrison Lake is 2.5 miles (4.0 km) long. Near the eastern end of the lake is the Harrison Lake Patrol Cabin which is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Loch Affric is a freshwater loch within Glen Affric in the Highland council area of Scotland. It lies about 40 km south west of Beauly.
 The Leitha Mountains (German: Leithagebirge; Hungarian: Lajta-hegység) are a range of low mountains in Austria lying on the boundary between Lower Austria and Burgenland.The range is an offshoot of the Alps and forms a connection to the Carpathians to the north. It is a ridge about 35 km long and 5–7 km wide along the southeastern edge of the Vienna Basin from Brucker Pforte in the northeast to Wiener Neustädter Pforte (Ödenburger Pforte) in the southwest.
 The Red Volta is a river that flows through the Upper East region of North Ghana and the international border of North Ghana flowing about 320 km to join the White Volta in the Upper East region of North Ghana and arising in Burkina Faso.
 Touchwood Lake is a lake in northeastern Alberta. It is located in Lakeland Provincial Park. A popular camping spot for people around the area and all over Alberta. It is a fairly small lake with many creeks and other lakes attached to it.
 The Baracu River is a tributary of the Neajlov River in Romania.
 La Breya (2374 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif overlooking Champex in the canton of Valais. It is accessible by chair lift from Champex the upper station being located at Grands Plans (2194 m). From there a trail leads to its summit.
 Henry is a lunar crater that is located to the northwest of the larger crater Cavendish in the southeastern part of the Moon's near side. Less than a half diameter to the northwest is similar-sized crater Henry Frères named for the brothers Paul and Prosper Henry.The outer rim of Henry has undergone some impact erosion particularly in the south and southeast where it is overlain by a pair of small craters.
 The West Branch Ellis River is a 13.5-mile-long (21.7 km) river in western Maine. It is a tributary of the Ellis River which flows to the Androscoggin River and ultimately to the Kennebec River near its mouth at the Atlantic Ocean.The West Branch rises north of Baldpate Mountain and flows east into the town of Andover where it joins the main branch of the Ellis River southeast of the town center.
 Etty Bay is a bay of the Pacific Ocean and a 700 metres (2300 ft) long beach in the far north of the Australian state of Queensland. The beach is 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) by road from the township of Innisfail 20 minutes drive from Paronella Park and 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) from the Bruce Highway. The final kilometre of the route is a scenic drive climbing 100 metres (330 ft) over the Moresby Range before descending into a picturesque bay.
 Sommerberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 New Melones Lake is an artificial lake in the central Sierra Nevada foothills of Calaveras- and Tuolumne County California United States near Jamestown. This reservoir created by the construction of the New Melones Dam across the Stanislaus River has a 2400000 acre·ft (3000000 dam3) capacity with a surface area of 12500 acres (5100 ha). When full the shoreline is more than 100 miles (160 km).
 Gebke (Wennemen) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Princess Royal Reach is the second arm of Jervis Inlet and is located within the Coast Mountain Range of British Columbia Canada. This arm was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumper who charted all the of the area and was named after HRH Victoria (Vicky) the Princess Royal of England who was the first child born in 1840 to Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of England.
 Yongmunsan is a mountain in the county of Yangpyeong Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1157.2 m (3797 ft).
 The Meziad River is a tributary of the Roşia River in Romania.
 Onatah Corona is a feature on Venus adjacent to Ba'het Corona. Both features are surrounded by a ring of ridges and troughs which in places cut more radially-oriented fractures. The centers of the features also contain radial fractures as well as volcanic domes and flows. Coronae are thought to form due to the upwelling of hot material from deep in the interior of Venus.
 Kent Lake is a reservoir in western Marin County California formed by the construction of Peters Dam across Lagunitas Creek. Built in 1954 the lake is the most recent lake of the Marin Municipal Water District as well as the largest.
 Byeonsan (Uisangbong) is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an altitude of 509 metres.
 The Fotoș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Cooper Creek (formerly Cooper's Creek) (28°23′S 137°41′E) is one of the most famous rivers in Australia because it was the site of the death of the explorers Burke and Wills in 1861. It is sometimes known as the Barcoo River from one of its tributaries and is one of three major Queensland river systems that flow into the Lake Eyre basin. The flow of the creek depends on monsoonal rains falling months earlier and many hundreds of kilometres away in eastern Queensland.
 The Toparcea River is a tributary of the Vișa River in Romania.
 Lappkärret (Swedish: Laplander Marsh) is a small lake at Norra Djurgården in north-eastern central Stockholm Sweden. It is one of six lakes in Djurgården the others being: Lillsjön Uggleviken Isbladskärret Laduviken and Spegeldammen.Through its location in the national city park Ekoparken it is considered as a lake of great recreational value especially popular among ornithologists and frequently used in classes at the University of Stockholm located nearby.
 Puntiagudo-Cordón Cenizos (Spanish pronunciation: [puntjaˈɣuðo korˈðon seˈnisos]) is a snow-capped volcanic chain located in the Andes in Los Lagos Region of Chile near Volcán Osorno. It lies between Rupanco Lake and Todos los Santos Lake. Volcán Puntiagudo (Spanish for Sharp-pointed volcano) is a stratovolcano with a prominent 2493 m high sharp-pointed summit that results from glacial dissection and gets its name from this feature.
 The Dreiherrnspitze (Italian: Picco dei Tre Signori) at 3499 m (11480 ft) above mean sea level is a mountain on the tripoint between the Austrian states of Salzburg and Tyrol (i.e. East Tyrol) and South Tyrol in Italy. It is part of the Venediger Group in the Hohe Tauern range of the Central Eastern Alps and the Alpine divide.
 Wingecarribee River (Aboriginal Dharawal: Winge Karrabee) a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Southern Highlands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Beaucoup Creek is a major tributary of the Big Muddy River in Illinois. The name is pronounced locally as in Ba Cou.Beaucoup Creek is 82 miles (132 km) in length.
 Carruthers Peak is a mountain in the Snowy Mountains between Mount Lee and Mount Twynam. It was named after NSW Premier Joseph Carruthers who facilitated the building of the Summit Road to Mount Kosciuszko. It can be easily accessed with the Main Range walk going straight up it. The area around it contains patches of the rare windswept feldmark ecotope. Due to a century of grazing on the Main Range the area around it was heavily eroded.
 Kleine Schmalenau is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Groapele River is a headwater of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Cimarron Range locally Cimarrons is a name given to a group of peaks in southwestern Colorado of the San Juan Mountains. The Cimarrons are within eastern Ouray County and are also oriented north-south.
 The Pulangi River (Cebuano pronunciation IPA [puˈlaŋi]) also spelled Pulangui is the longest river in Bukidnon. It is one of the major tributaries of the Rio Grande de Mindanao an extensive river system in Mindanao Philippines. It has a length of 320 kilometers and traverses through majority of the cities and municipalities of Bukidnon from its source in Barangay Kalabugao Impasug-ong Bukidnon.
 The Gers (French pronunciation: ​[ʒɛːʁ]) (Occitan: Gers) is a 178 km long river in southern France left tributary of the Garonne.Its source is in the foothills of the Pyrenees near Lannemezan. It flows north through the départements Hautes-Pyrénées Gers and Lot-et-Garonne. It flows into the Garonne in Layrac near Agen. The city Auch lies along the river Gers. It gives its name to the Gers département.
 The Bléone (French: la Bléone) is a 67.5 km (41.9 mi) long river in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence département southeastern France. Its source is several small streams converging near the refuge de l'Estrop a mountain shelter in Prads-Haute-Bléone. It flows generally southwest. It is a left tributary of the Durance into which it flows between L'Escale and Les Mées.
 Spravedlnost (German: Iricht more rarely Irigt) is a hill shrouded in legend in the extreme east of Bohemian Switzerland. The 533 m high volcanic cone is the local mountain of the village of Doubice (German: Daubitz).The basalt peak rises south of the village of Nová Doubice (Neudaubitz) on the old road to Chřibská (Kreibitz). On the southern slopes of the hill lie the houses of Liščí Bělidlo (Irichtbleiche) that belong to the municipality of Chřibská.
 K6 or Baltistan Peak is a notable peak of the Masherbrum Mountains a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range. Despite being much lower than its sister mountains the Eight-thousanders and high 7000m peaks such as Masherbrum it has huge steep faces and great relief above the nearby valleys.
 The Otematata River is a river in North Otago New Zealand. It rises west of Kohurau and flows northward into Lake Aviemore east of Otematata township.
 The Couronne de Bréona (3159 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located east of Les Haudères in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Tsa de l'Ano on the range between the valleys of Hérens and Moiry.Bréona is the name of an extensive alpine pasture to the south-west of the peak spanning elevations between some 2200 up to 2800 m making it one of the highest pastures in the Alps altogether.
 The Mohaka river is on the North Island of New Zealand in the east central region of Hawke’s Bay. Mohaka is a Maori word roughly translated it means “place for dancing”. The headwaters are found in the Kaweka and Kiamanawa ranges. From the range it winds southeast before twisting northeast and finally southeast again to empty into the Pacific Ocean near the town of Mohaka. There are many gorges on the Mohaka; some as steep as 200m (656 feet).
 Flamsteed is a small lunar crater located on the Oceanus Procellarum. It lies almost due east of the dark-hued Grimaldi and north-northwest of the flooded Letronne bay on the south edge of the mare.The rim of this crater is not circular in form having a bulging rim to the southeast. The interior is relatively flat and undistinguished by impacts.
 Schwarzschild is a large lunar impact crater that islocated in the northern part of the Moon's far side. The nearest craters of note are Seares to the northeast and Gamow to the southeast.The somewhat irregular outer rim of Schwarzschild has been overlain by many smaller impact craters including most notably Schwarzschild K across the southeastern face and Schwarzschild D on the northeastern rim. The rim is roughly circular in form with an outward bulge along the southwestern side.
 The Sacre River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Black Pine Mountains High Point at 9289 feet (2831 m) is the highest peak in the Black Pine Mountains of Cassia County in southern Idaho.
 Langisjór is a lake in the Highlands of Iceland. It is around 20 km in length and up to 2 km wide with a total surface area of about 26 km² and a depth of 75m at its deepest point.The lake is situated rather far from civilisation at the south-western border of Vatnajökull at an altitude of 670 m above sea level. Environmental campaigners have expressed concern at government plans to site an industrial dam on the lake.
 Oxlow Cavern is a part-natural and part-mined cavern near Castleton in Derbyshire England. It is situated on the south side of the road running from the A623 at Sparrowpit to the Winnats Pass west of Castleton and is almost opposite Giant's Hole on the other side of the road. A few yards from Oxlow Cavern is the connecting Maskill Mine.
 The Nafusa Mountains (Berber: Adrar n Infusen (Nafusa Mountain) Arabic: الجبل الغربي‎ Al Ǧabal al Gharbi (Western mountain)) are a mountain range in the western Tripolitania region of northwestern Libya. It also includes their regions around the escarpment formed where the northern end of the Tripolitanian Plateau meets the Mediterranean coastal plain or the Jefara.
 Mount Hachimantai (八幡平) is a 1613-metre peak in the Tōhoku region on the island of Honshū Japan. It's one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains.
 Salt Spring Valley Reservoir is an artificial lake formed by the construction of Salt Springs Valley Dam across Rock Creek in the Bear Mountains of Calaveras County California.
 The Vorab is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the cantons of Glarus and Graubünden. The summit (3028 metres) is also named Bündner Vorab to distinguish it from a lower summit (3018 metres) named Glarner Vorab. A glacier runs down its eastern face where the valley continues a moderate inclination down towards Flims where it can be seen for example from Caumasee. It cannot be seen from the adjacend municipalities on the south though.
 The Maury Mountains are a mountain range in Crook County Oregon. Much of the range is within the Ochoco National Forest. Outstanding features of the range are the Maury Mountains Agate Beds and Antelope Flat Reservoir.
 The Levisa Fork (also known as the Levisa Fork River or the Levisa Fork of the Big Sandy River) is a tributary of the Big Sandy River approximately 164 miles (264 km) long in southwestern Virginia and eastern Kentucky in the United States.
 The Sucuru River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 Nöllenberger Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ilova is a river in central Croatia a left tributary of Lonja-Trebež. It is 85 kilometres (53 mi) long and its basin covers an area of 1049 square kilometres (405 sq mi).Ilova rises in the hilly areas of eastern Bilogora south of Virovitica and Suhopolje and flows towards the southwest forming a series of lakes near Veliki Zdenci. It turns to the south near Garešnica where there are another set of lakes at the confluence with the river Toplica that rises in Papuk.
 Kelley Peak is a peak 1710 metres (5600 ft) high forming the south end of the Liberty Hills in the Heritage Range Antarctica. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for air crewman Charles C. Kelley of the United States Navy who perished in the crash of the LC-47 aircraft on the Ross Ice Shelf on February 2 1966.
 The Harmony River is a river in Algoma District in northeastern Ontario Canada that empties into Harmony Bay part of the larger Batchawana Bay on Lake Superior at the community of Harmony Beach. The river is known for its rainbow smelt run in the spring and white water kayaking in the early spring and late fall.
 Mount Siguniang (Chinese: 四姑娘山; literally Four Girls Mountain or Four Sisters Mountain; Tibetan name: Skubla) is the highest peak of Qionglai Mountains in Western China. It is located in the bordering area of Rilong Town Xiaojin County and Wenchuan County in Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture Sichuan Province.Mt. Siguniang encompasses four peaks: DaFeng (Big Peak or 1st peak) ErFeng (2nd peak) SanFeng (3rd peak) and Yaomei Feng (4th peak).
 Mamiá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Lișcov River is a tributary of the Horincea River in Romania.
 Lake Porkuni is a lake in Porkuni in northern Estonia. It's the source of the Valgejõgi River.
 The Fox River is a 202-mile-long (325 km) tributary of the Illinois River flowing from southeastern Wisconsin to Ottawa Illinois in the United States. There are two other Fox Rivers in southern Illinois: the Fox River (Little Wabash tributary) and a smaller Fox River that joins the Wabash River near New Harmony Indiana.
 The Trango Towers are a group of large tall dramatic granite spikes located on the north side of the Baltoro Glacier in Baltistan a region of the Gilgit-Baltistan territory in northern Pakistan. They are part of the Baltoro Muztagh a sub-range of the Karakoram range. The Towers offer some of the largest cliffs and most challenging rock climbing in the world. The highest point in the group is the summit of Great Trango Tower at 6286 m (20608 ft).
 The Pointe de Drône is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies west of the Great St. Bernard Pass.
 Świniec is a river of Poland. It terminates into the Zalew Kamieński.
 The Hudeasa River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
 In early Dutch maps of the American colonies from the early 17th century the term Mattabeseck is applied to an area of land just to the north of New Haven Connecticut between the Housatonic and Connecticut rivers. This land was eventually absorbed by the English Colony of Connecticut.Although the Dutch used the term broadly specifically speaking Mattabeseck is a place name for the location known today as Middletown Connecticut.
 Mount Arthur is a mountain located at the Queen Reach arm of the Jervis Inlet within the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia Canada. The mountain was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumper who charted all the of the area and named the mountain after HRH Prince Arthur William Patrick who was the seventh son of Queen Victoria and Prince Albert of England.
 Mozart is a crater on Mercury. The arc of dark hills visible on the crater's floor probably represents remnants of a central peak ring. A close inspection of the area around Mozart crater shows many long chains of secondary craters formed by impact of material thrown out during the formation of the main crater. Mozart crater is located just south of the Caloris basin.
 Llesquehue is together with Contaco River the two main rivers of San Juan de la Costa commune in southern Chile. It runs from east to west and discharges into the Pacific Ocean at the hamlet and beach of Pucatrihue.
 Breimsvatn or Breimsvatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Gloppen and Jølster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. At 22.52 square kilometres (8.70 sq mi) it is the largest lake in Gloppen (followed by the lake Emhjellevatnet). The European route E39 highway runs along the north end of the lake connecting the two nearby areas of Sandane and Byrkjelo. On the shores of the 17-kilometre (11 mi) long lake lie several villages including Re and Kandal.
 The Izvorul Măguricii River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 Sophienfließ is a river in the hill country „Märkische Schweiz“ and the Märkische Schweiz Nature Park District Märkisch-Oderland Brandenburg Germany. The stream runs over a distance of approximately 10 kilometers.The water passes across the Schermützelsee and the Werderfließ to the Buckowsee who is flown through by the river Stobber.
 The Imuti River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Cumpărata Mare River is a headwater of the Ghimbav River in Romania.
 Lake Drūkšiai also called Lake Drysviaty or Lake Drysvyaty or Drisvyaty (Belarusian: Дрысвяты pronounced [drɨˈsʲvʲatɨ]; Russian: Дрисвяты) is the largest of the Braslau Lakes located partly in the northeastern part of Lithuania and partly in the Vitebsk Voblast in Belarus. The lake water was used to cool the reactors of the Ignalina Nuclear Power Plant.The greatest depth of the lake is 33.3 m and the average depth is 7.6 m.
 Lovewell Mountain is a 2473 feet (754 m) monadnock associated with the Sunapee Ridge in southwest New Hampshire. The mountain is traversed by the 50 mile (80 km) Monadnock-Sunapee Greenway and offers vistas from several ledges near its summit. Much of the mountain is wooded with species of the northern hardwood forest type; stands of coniferous red spruce are common on the mountain's higher elevations.
 Einstein is a large lunar crater that lies along the western limb of the Moon making it difficult to observe from the Earth. The visibility of this formation is affected by libration effects but even under the best conditions not much detail can be observed except from lunar orbit. Nearby craters of note include Moseley just to the north Dalton along the eastern rim Vasco da Gama just to the southeast and Bohr to the south-southeast.
 The Gulf of Martaban (Burmese: မုတ္တမပင်လယ်ကွေ့) is an arm of the Andaman Sea in the southern part of Burma. The gulf is named after the port city of Mottama (formerly known as Martaban). The Salween Sittaung and Yangon rivers empty into it.A characteristic feature of the Gulf of Martaban is that it has a tide-dominated coastline.
 The Moawhango River is a major river of the centre of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southwest from its sources in the Kaimanawa Range 35 kilometres to the east of Mount Ruapehu to reach Lake Moawhango at the southern end of the Rangipo Desert 10 kilometres north of Waiouru. From here the river flows southeast passing the small settlement of Moawhango before its outflow into the Rangitikei River eight kilometres southeast of Taihape.
 Muddy Boggy Creek also known as the Muddy Boggy River is a 175-mile-long (282 km) river in southeastern Oklahoma. It is a major tributary of the Red River.
 The Eping River is a river of Guyana a tributary of the Kamarang River.
 Mitchell's Pass is a mountain pass in the Western Cape province of South Africa which approaches the town of Ceres from the south-west connecting it to Tulbagh Worcester and the Breede River Valley. The pass is traversed by the R46 road and the (now closed) Ceres branch line railway.
 The Valea Șerbări River is a tributary of the Valea Satului River in Romania.
 The Hāwea River is a river of New Zealand draining Lake Hāwea into the Clutha River.
 The Chino Hills are a mountain range on the border of Orange Los Angeles and San Bernardino Counties California with a small portion in Riverside County. The Chino Hills State Park preserves open space and habitat in them.
 The Nesthorn is a mountain in the Bernese Alps. It is located in the Swiss canton of Valais north of Brig. The mountain lies between the Oberaletsch Glacier on the north and east side and the Gredetschtal on the south side. It is part of the subrange of the Bernese Alps that culminates at the Aletschhorn.The Nesthorn was first ascended from Belalp in 1865 by B. George and H. Mortimer with Christian Almer and his son.
 The Angelim River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Lake Elizabeth located in Fremont California is a man made 83-acre (34 ha) lake. When at average capacity water rises to a depth of about seven feet.
 The Quequechan River is a river in Fall River Massachusetts that flows in a northwesterly direction from the northwest corner of the South Watuppa Pond through the heart of the city of Fall River and into to the end of the Taunton River at Mount Hope Bay at Heritage State Park/ Battleship Cove.
 Cards Pond or Card Pond is a coastal lagoon in South Kingstown Washington County Rhode Island United States.
 The Tanggu La or Tanggu Pass (Chinese: 唐古拉山口; pinyin: Tánggǔlā Shānkǒu) is a wide mountain pass over 5000 metres elevation in the People's Republic of China used by the Qinghai–Tibet Highway and Qinghai–Tibet Railway to cross the Tanggula Mountains. These mountains form part of the watershed separating the Yangtze River to the north and a zone of endorheic basins with internal drainage to the south.
 The Valea Văcăriei River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Maladeta (3312 m) is a mountain in the Pyrenees close to the highest peak in the range Aneto Aragon Spain. Its name comes from the Spanish montes malditos which means Damned Mountains. According to some authorities the local name for the massif was Mala hita (bad rocks or bad upper regions). When French travellers came to the region they translated the name into the French Maladette on the basis that it was cognate with the Italian term Maladetta (feminine for damned).
 Feather Falls is a waterfall located on the Fall River a tributary of the Middle Fork Feather River within the Plumas National Forest in the Sierra Nevada mountain range in Butte County eastern California.
 The Southern Fells are a group of hills in the English Lake District. Including Scafell Pike the highest peak in England they occupy a broad area to the south of Great Langdale Borrowdale and Wasdale. High and rocky towards the centre of the Lake District the Southern Fells progressively take on a moorland character toward the south west. In the south east are the well known Furness Fells their heavily quarried flanks rising above Coniston Water.
 The Jirinca River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Compton Creek is a major tributary of the Los Angeles River in and surrounding Compton in Los Angeles County California. The stream drains a watershed of 42.1 square miles (109 km2). and is the last major tributary to enter the Los Angeles River before it reaches the Pacific Ocean.The stream begins just east of South Main Street between 107th and 108th Streets in Los Angeles. Compton Creek passes through Willowbrook and runs 8.5 miles (13.7 km) in total.
 Klausen Pass (German: Klausenpass) (el. 1948 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Swiss Alps connecting the cantons of Uri and Glarus. The pass road from Altdorf leads through the Schächen Valley the pass and Urnerboden to Linthal in Glarus.According to legend the border between Glarus and Uri was determined in 1315 following prolonged disputes. The two cantons agreed that at first cockcrow two runners would start from Altdorf and Linthal respectively and the border would be where they met.
 Mount Atago (愛宕山 Atago-yama/san) is a 924m mountain in the northwestern part of Ukyo-ku in the city of Kyoto Kyoto Prefecture Japan.
 Jordão River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 The Weil is small 50 km long river in Hesse Germany. It is a left tributary to the Lahn river and the city of Weilburg is located next to its mouth. The river flows exclusively through the Taunus mountain range with its source being located between the Kleiner Feldberg and Großer Feldberg mountains. It flows through Schmitten Weilrod and Weilmünster. A hiking trail as well as a biking trail follow the course of the river.
 The Amargosa River is an intermittent waterway 185 miles (298 km) long in southern Nevada and eastern California in the United States. It drains a high desert region the Amargosa Valley in the Amargosa Desert northwest of Las Vegas into the Mojave Desert and finally into Death Valley where it disappears into the ground aquifer.
 The Manișca Mare River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică River in Romania.
 Grotrian is a lunar impact crater that is located on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the north of the huge walled plain Schrödinger within the radius of that formation's outer blanket of ejecta. The long Vallis Planck formation begins just to the north of Grotrian and continues to the north-northwest towards Pikel'ner.The outer wall of this crater forms a very nearly circular shape with only a small crater across the southern rim to break up the symmetry.
 The Little Wichita River is a river in Texas.
 Mount Kupreanof is a stratovolcano on the Alaska Peninsula United States. It is the largest and the northeasternmost in a group of five volcanoes opposite from Stepovak Bay. Mount Kupreanof displays extremely strong fumarole activity and its latest eruption in 1987 produced minor steam and ash emission. This is the only known historical eruption from Mount Kupreanof.
 The Sinnamary River is a river in French Guiana. It rises in the center of the country flowing north until it reaches the Atlantic Ocean near the town of Sinnamary. The Petit-Saut Dam was built near Petit-Saut between 1989 and 1994.
 The Aluza River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania
 The Abasha (Georgian: აბაშა Mingrelian: აბაშა) also known as the Abashistskali (Georgian: აბაშისწყალი) or Abashatskari (Mingrelian: აბაშაწყარი) is a river in western Georgia running for 66 km in the municipalities of Martvili and Abasha Samegrelo-Zemo Svaneti region. Its catchment area is 370 km2.
 Nežárka (About this sound pronunciation ) (German: Naser) is a river in South Bohemia Czech Republic. It is 56 km long and flows to Lužnice in Veselí nad Lužnicí. The river flows through Jindřichův Hradec and Stráž nad Nežárkou.
 The Kaiwara River is a river of the northern South Island of New Zealand. The river is a tributary of the Hurunui River its outflow being 17 kilometres southwest of Cheviot. The river flows initially east before turning southwest twisting through a valley in the Lowry Peaks Range which lies between Cheviot and Culverden.
 The Ghinda River or Valea Ghinzii River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Highland Lake is a 712-acre (2.88 km2) water body located in Sullivan and Cheshire counties in southwestern New Hampshire United States in the towns of Washington and Stoddard. The lake has two outlets. The north outlet feeds Shedd Brook while the south outlet flows through Island Pond to the North Branch of the Contoocook River. Water from the two outlets rejoins in the town of Hillsborough approximately 8 miles east of Highland Lake and one mile upstream from the Contoocook River.
 Rima Rima (Quechua rima speaking rima rima a flower Ranunculus weberbaueri syn. Krapfia weberbaueri) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5254 metres (17238 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Huaraz Province Independencia District northeast of the town Huaraz (Waras). Rima Rima lies southeast of the Wallunarahu on the southwest ridge of Ranrapallqa.
 Monte Cusna is the 2nd highest peak in the northern Apennines after Monte Cimone. But it is much steeper and more remote. It is located along the Appennino Crest Trail (A00) between Cerreto and Lagastrello Passes with an altitude of 2121 metres (6959 ft).
 Lärchhöhe is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Haukivesi is a lake in southeastern Finland and a part of the Saimaa lake system. Haukivesi is the central basin of the system collecting 80% of the water that eventually flows into Lake Laatokka through River Vuoksi. Its area is 562.31 km² (8th).
 Pyramid Mountain is located high above Lake Crescent's north shore. Once known as Sugarloaf Mountain it received its present name in 1928. It contains the ruins of an old fire lookout at the summit. It dominates the view from Barnes Point and Lake Crescent Lodge. It is accessible by trail from the Spruce Railroad Trail.
 Colle di Brianza is a mountain of Lombardy Italy It has an elevation of 877 metres.
 Tingalpa Creek is a creek in South East Queensland. It flows along Brisbane's south east boundary with Redland City Council. The waterway serves as important wildlife corridor on the city's fringe. The creek also provides limited kayaking and fishing opportunities.Tingalpa Creek has its headwaters in Venman Bushland National Park at Mount Cotton and the Brisbane Koala Park in Burbank.
 The Greul River is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
 Gable Mountain (9262 feet (2823 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Gable Mountain is in the northeastern section of Glacier National Park approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) southwest of the prominent Chief Mountain.
 The Southern Branch Elizabeth River is a 14.5-mile-long (23.3 km) primarily tidal river in the U.S. state of Virginia. It flows from south to north through the city of Chesapeake and forms the boundary between the cities of Portsmouth and Chesapeake for its northernmost 3 miles (5 km). It is a tributary of the Elizabeth River connecting to the harbor of Hampton Roads to the north.
 Tigoda (Russian: Тигода) is a river in Novgorodsky and Chudovsky Districts of Novgorod Oblast and Tosnensky and Kirishsky Districts of Leningrad Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Volkhov River. The length of the river is 143 kilometres (89 mi) and the area of its drainage basin is 2290 square kilometres (880 sq mi). The main tributaries are the Ravan (right) the Chagoda (left) and the Kusinka (left).
 Menmecho Lake is a mountain lake located in East Sikkim district in the state of Sikkim India. It lies on the way to the Jelepla Pass and is situated at a distance of 20 kilometres (12 mi) ahead of the Tsongmo Lake. It is the source of the river Rangpo chu a tributary of the River Teesta. The waters of the lake are sourced by melting snow in summer and the monsoons in the rainly season. The lake is famous for its trout and has a large fishfarm nearby with a guesthouse.
 The Kauru River is a river of North Otago New Zealand. A tributary of the Kakanui River it rises in the east of the Kakanui Mountains and flows into that river west of Kia Ora.
 The Stolniceni River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Macclesfield Canal is a canal in east Cheshire England one of the six that make up the Cheshire Ring.
 Wallum Lake is a 322-acre (1.30 km2) lake that lies in Burrillville Providence County Rhode Island and Douglas Worcester County Massachusetts. It is adjacent to Douglas State Forest and Wallum Lake Park.There are two paved boat ramps: one at the north end off Wallum Lake Road Douglas Massachusetts the second at the southern extreme in Burrillville Rhode Island. A study reported ten species of fish based upon a 1994 summer sampling.
 Grand Bec is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3398 metres above sea level.
 The Andarax (Spanish: río Andarax)—also in its lower reaches Almería River or River Almería (Spanish: río Almería)—is a river in the province of Almería Andalusia Spain. It arises in the easternmost part of the Sierra Nevada in the Cerro del Almirez.[citation needed] Its entire course is within the province of Almería.
 Toothpick Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada. It is about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) long and 1.1 kilometres (0.7 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 322 metres (1056 ft) about 5.6 kilometres (3.5 mi) southwest of the community of Grassy Narrows. The primary inflow is Wonderland Creek and the primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Grassy Narrows Lake on the English River.
 Lutukina River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Mount Owen is the mountain directly east of the town of Queenstown in Tasmania Australia. Like most of the mountains in the West Coast Range - it was named by Charles Gould after Richard Owen as the taller mountains were named after opponents or critics of Charles Darwin the smaller after his supporters.the north western slopes clearly seen from Gormanston and the Linda Valley the 'Long Spur'.
 The Serra de Moixeró is a mountain range running across the north of Catalonia part of the Pre-Pyrenees. Along with the adjacent Serra del Cadí Pedraforca and parts of Tosa d'Alp and Puigllançada it forms part of the Cadí-Moixeró Natural Park established in 1983.The Serra de Moixeró is often confused as a part of the Serra del Cadí despite the fact that these two ranges are separated by the Tancalaporta pass.
 Boomi River an anabranch of the Barwon River and part of the Macintyre catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the north–western slopes region of New South Wales flowing downstream into the South Downs region of Queensland Australia.
 Struthers Lake is a small lake situated in the aspen parkland of Saskatchewan Canada. It is south of Weldon Saskatchewan and north of Yellow Creek Saskatchewan. The lake contains northern pike yellow perch walleye and suckers. It also hosts a small regional park with swimming boating cabin and camping facilities.
 Trützisee is a lake above Geschinen in the Canton of Valais Switzerland.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Someșul Mic River (Little Someș Hungarian: Kis-Szamos) is a river in north-western Romania (Cluj County). It is formed at the confluence of two rivers Someșul Cald and Someșul Rece that come from the Apuseni Mountains. From the confluence in Gilău the Someșul Mic flows east and north through Cluj-Napoca Apahida and Gherla until it meets the Someşul Mare river in Dej. Downstream from Dej the river is called Someș.
 Madura Strait is a stretch of water that separates the Indonesian islands of Java and Madura in the province of East Java. The islands of Kambing Giliraja Genteng and Ketapang lie in the Strait.The Suramadu Bridge the longest in Indonesia spans the strait between Surabaya on Java and Bangkalan on Madura.
 Lago di Varano is a lake in the Province of Foggia Apulia Italy. Its surface area is 60.5 km².
 Wittenberg Mountain is a mountain located in Ulster County New York. The mountain is part of the Burroughs Range of the Catskill Mountains.Wittenberg is flanked to the southwest by Cornell Mountain.Wittenberg Mountain stands within the watershed of Esopus Creek which drains into the Hudson River and into New York Bay. The northwest and northeast slopes of Wittenberg Mtn. drain into Woodland Creek thence into Esopus Creek.
 The Șpirla Tămașului River is a tributary of the Bârsa Tămașului River in Romania.
 Lizard Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island an expansion of Williams Creek.
 Roche Pourrie is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Beaufortain Massif range. It has an elevation of 2037 metres above sea level.
 The Traiguén River is a river of Chile.
 Furan (also written as: Furens) is a 34 km long river in central France (Loire department) right tributary of the river Loire. It flows through the city Saint-Étienne and flows into the Loire in the small town Andrézieux-Bouthéon.Towns along the river include: Le Bessat Tarentaise Saint-Étienne La Fouillouse Andrézieux-Bouthéon
 Jaya Mayu (Quechua jaya pungency locoto mayu river) is a Bolivian river in the Cochabamba Department Esteban Arce Province Anzaldo Municipality. Jaya Mayu is a left tributary of Caine River.
 Ebulobo is a stratovolcano located in the south-central part of the island of Flores Indonesia.
 Ribeira da Janela is a stream that flows in the eastern part of the island of Santo Antão in Cape Verde. The stream flows from southwest to northeast. It empties into the Atlantic Ocean in the settlement Janela west of the village Pontinha.
 The Poiana River is a tributary of the Vorona River in Romania.
 The Jorat is the area of the Canton of Vaud (Switzerland) located between the Gros-de-Vaud West and the Broye East.
 Wazee Lake is a lake east of Black River Falls Wisconsin in the town of Brockway Jackson County Wisconsin United States. The name Wazee means tall pine in the Ho-Chunk language. The artificial lake is the deepest lake within the state of Wisconsin with a maximum depth of approximately 355 feet (108 m). The man-made lake was formed after being used as a quarry for taconite mining between the mid-1960s through April 1983.
 Mount Geikie is a mountain in the West Coast Range Western Tasmania.Mount Geikie sits just north of Lake Margaret (Tasmania) and is just west of the smaller tributary lakes of Lake Margaret - Lake Mary Lake Martha and Lake Magdala. The east face of Mount Geikie area has two named features that lie to the north and south. The Chin (1116m) lies to the south and is the point where the West Coast Range dips to the glacial features known as the Hamilton moraine.
 Dębosznica is a river of Poland. At Głowaczewo Kołobrzeg County the Dębosznica is split by a weir into two strands: the left (southern) becomes a stream called the Łużanka and the other merges into the Błotnica. Within three kilometers both flow into the Lake Resko Przymorskie.
 The Pietrosu River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 Captains Mountain is a mountain located near Millmerran in Queensland Australia.
 The Drăgan River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 The Izvorul Zănoaga River is a headwater of the Bughea River in Romania.
 Sgùrr a' Mhàim is a Scottish mountain situated five and a half kilometres north north-west of Kinlochleven in the Lochaber region of the Highland area.
 Mount Cornwell is located on the Continental Divide on the boundary between British Columbia and Alberta along the spine of the Park Ranges of the Canadian Rockies. The mountain was named in 1918 after boy hero John Cornwell a sixteen-year-old crewman aboard HMS Chester which was severely damaged in the Battle of Jutland. Cornwell was posthumously awarded the Victoria Cross for his bravery during the battle. Mount Chester was also named after his ship.
 Crystal Lake is a lake in Southern California United States. It is snow and spring fed and has no other artificial means of being replenished. Geographically it sits in a bed of decomposed granite and a fissure at its bottom depletes its water during and after the rain and snow season.
 White Bear Lake is a lake in northeastern Ramsey County and western Washington County in the U.S. state of Minnesota northeast of the Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area. The city of White Bear Lake takes its name from the lake.
 The Ropičanka (Polish: Ropiczanka) is a 16 kilometres (9.9 mi)-long river in the Frýdek-Místek and Karviná districts Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. It is a left tributary of the Olza River which it enters on the outskirts of Český Těšín. The Ropičanka flows through Řeka Smilovice Střítež and Ropice (from source to mouth).
 East Okoboji Lake is a natural body of water approximately 1835 acres (7.43 km²) in area in Dickinson County in northwest Iowa in the United States. It is part of the chain of lakes known as the Iowa Great Lakes. The area was long inhabited by the Santee or Eastern Dakota Sioux. The lake was known after its Dakota-language name Okoboozhy meaning reeds and rushes.
 The Pârâul Satului is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Terra Sabaea is a large area on Mars. Its coordinates are 2°N 42°E and it covers 4700 kilometres (2900 mi) at its broadest extent. It was named in 1979 after a classic albedo feature on the planet.
 Obva (Russian: Обва) – is a river in Perm Krai Russia. Right tributary of Kama river. It starts in the Upper Kama Upland in the west part of Sivinsky District near the border of Kirov oblast. Flows into Kama Reservoir in 780 km from confluence Kama and Volga. It is 247 km long. Drainage basin is 6720 km2. Frozen from late October to late April or early May.
 Brandeckkopf is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.At 686.1 metres above sea level the Brandeckkopf is the highest mountain of Offenburg. It is located within the Zell-Weierbach district. The Brandeckturm an observation tower stands at the summit. The mountain is said to have been given its name by the Celts who brought burnt offerings here. The mountain lies within the 1897 hectare Brandeck landscape protection area.
 Narrow Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 Doi Tung (ดอยตุง) is a mountain of the Thai highlands located in Chiang Rai Province Thailand.
 Apex Mountain is located on the Canadian provincial boundary between Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1927 and is located in the center of the Clemenceau Icefield.
 Engelbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Hofreistæ is a lake in the municipality of Bjerkreim in Rogaland county Norway.
 Lake Tuscaloosa is a reservoir in west-central Alabama created by damming North River. It was constructed to provide water for Tuscaloosa residents and for industrial use as well. It was completed in 1970 at a cost of about $7725000. Since it is located just north of Tuscaloosa and Northport the lake is also very popular for recreational activities.
 Machaut is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 106 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Machaut is named for the French composer and poet Guillaume de Machaut who lived from 1300 to 1377.
 The Dogari River is a tributary of the Hârboca River in Romania.
 Pena (Macedonian: Пена) is the biggest Šar river in Polog after the Vardar River. It is the biggest Vardarian tributary from the Šar lakes.
 Lac des Vaux is a lake above Verbier in the canton of Valais Switzerland. The lake is located in the municipality of Riddes.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Soputan is a stratovolcano in the northern arm of the island of Sulawesi Indonesia. It sits on the southern rim of the Tondano caldera constructed in the Quaternary period and is one of the most active volcanoes in Sulawesi.In 2004 it erupted with lava oozing down its southwest slope. No fatalities were recorded. On the morning of 6 June 2008 it erupted sending heat clouds of debris as far as 4 km down its slopes and ash 2 km into the air.
 Myŏraksan sometimes spelled Mt. Myorak is a mountain on the border of Rinsan and P'yŏngsan counties of North Hwanghae Province in North Korea. It has an elevation of 818 m. A plant reserve of 3440 ha was established in that area in 1959. It is one of the few suitable habitats for the Tristram's Woodpecker in the world.
 The Big Salmon Range is a remote mountain range in the Yukon Canada. It has an area of 9001 km2 and is a subrange of the Pelly Mountains which in turn form part of the Yukon Ranges. Most of its peaks are unnamed.
 Tembesi River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Batang Hari River. Tributaries include the Merargin River.
 The Roggenstock (1778 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located south of Oberiberg in the canton of Schwyz. It lies north of the Hoch-Ybrig area.
 Le Râteau is a mountain in the French Alps. Located in the Massif des Écrins the mountain is 3809 metres (12497 ft) tall.The mountain overlooks the valley of the Romanche river and the village of La Grave to the north. The summit is very close to Meije which is separated by a ridge.Le Râteau has the appearance of a rake or a comb with several teeth; the English translation of le râteau is the rake. The mountain has two distinct peaks at its ends.
 Cucharas River is a 75-mile-long (121 km) tributary of the Huerfano River that flows from a source in Huerfano County Colorado southwest of the Spanish Peaks in San Isabel National Forest. The river passes through La Veta and Walsenburg before joining the Huerfano River in Pueblo County.
 Mont de l'Arpille is a mountain of the Alps located south-west of Martigny in the Swiss canton of Valais. It is located north of the Col de la Forclaz and geographically part of the Mont Blanc massif.
 Nupen is a small mountain in Troms county in Northern Norway. It's on the border of the municipalities of Kvæfjord and Harstad about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) west of the city of Harstad just east of the village of Bremnes Kvæfjord. The 412-metre (1352 ft) tall mountain lies near the Andfjorden and it is known for its view of the midnight sun.
 The Unterberghorn (1773 m AA) in the Austrian district of Kitzbühel in Tyrol is the highest peak between the mountain ranges of the Wilder Kaiser and Loferer Steinberge.The horn or pyramidal peak has two summits - its subpeak is the Hefferthorn (1735 m) - and is the local mountain (Hausberg) for the villages of Kössen (near the Bavarian border) and St. Johann in Tirol between which it rises west of the valley of the River Großache.
 The Brühlbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Byera River is a river of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 The Finiș River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Bălăteasa and Valea Ursului
 The Großer Daumen is a 2280 metres (7480 ft) high mountain in the Daumen Group in the Allgäu Alps in southern Germany.
 The Gross Wannenhorn is a 3906 metre mountain in the Bernese Alps in the Swiss canton of Valais near the village of Fiesch. The mountain separates the Aletsch Glacier to the west from the Fiescher Glacier to the east.The mountain consists of twin peaks: the northern peak is rocky and the southern peak is somewhat flatter.
 The Ebro (Spanish and Basque: [ˈeβɾo] ) or Ebre (Catalan: [ˈeβɾə ˈeβɾe]) is one of the most important rivers on the Iberian Peninsula. It is the biggest river by discharge volume in Spain. It is the second longest river in Spain after the Tagus.
 The Mustești River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Pico Alto (English: High Peak) is the highest mountain in the Brazilian state of Ceará reaching 1114 metres (3655 ft). It is located in the city of Guaramiranga and is part of the Serra de Baturité.
 The Palliser River is a tributary of the Kootenay River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is part of the Columbia River basin as the Kootenay River is a tributary of the Columbia River.The Palliser River is named in honor of John Palliser whose Palliser Expedition explored the Canadian Rockies from 1857 to 1859.
 Lac du Vernois is a lake at Le Frasnois in the Jura department of France.
 Asacha (Russian: Асача) is a complex volcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia.
 Lake Topozero (Russian: Топозеро Finnish: Tuoppajärvi) is a large freshwater lake in the Republic of Karelia northwestern part of Russia. It is located at around 65.66°N 32°E﻿ / 65.66; 32 and has an area of 986 km² it's 75.3 km long and 30.3 km wide. Maximum depth is about 50 m. There are more than 100 islands on the lake. Topozero is used for fishery and timber floating. From Lake Topozero the waters flow north into the Lake Pyaozero and from there to the White Sea through the Kovda River.
 The Curaco River is a river of Chile.
 The Puskwaskau River is a short river in Northern Alberta Canada. It is a tributary of the Smoky River flowing westwards in the Peace River Country. Its waters flow through the Smoky River Peace River Slave River Great Slave Lake and Mackenzie River into the Arctic Ocean.The name of the river originates from the Cree word for short grass. The Puskwaskau Formation a stratigraphical unit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin was named for the river.
 Monte Bissau is a mountain located in the central part of the island of São Nicolau in Cape Verde. It is situated 3 km southwest of Belém and 6 km east of the island capital Ribeira Brava.
 The Streiu River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 Whistler Mountain is a mountain in the Fitzsimmons Range of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains located on the northwestern edge of Garibaldi Provincial Park. It is the location of the Whistler-Blackcomb ski resort and the town of Whistler British Columbia. The original name of the mountain was London Mountain named after a mining claim in the area.
 Roßkopf (Breisgau) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.The 737 m (2418 ft) high Rosskopf is a mountain in the Black Forest in the northeast of Freiburg and the southeast of Gundelfingen. It is on the edge of the territory of the city between the Glotter valley and the Dreisam valley. On the Roßkopf the borders of Gundelfingen Freiburg and the formerly independent municipality Ebnet (today Freiburg-Ebnet) meet.
 Chilhowee Mountain is a low ridge at the outer edge of the Great Smoky Mountains that stretches between the Little Tennessee River (specifically Chilhowee Lake) to the west and the Little Pigeon River watershed to the east. While not part of the Great Smoky Mountains National Park the mountain's crest is traversed by the westernmost section of Foothills Parkway. While the mountain is 35 miles (56 km) long it rarely reaches a width of more than 3 or 4 miles (6.4 km).
 Lache (Kinzig) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lake Valencia a natural lake is the lake around which the Lake Valencia deed-restricted community of 291 homes was built. This lake is completely surrounded by residences and the west end can be accessed at Parson Brown Lane.Lake Valencia only has access at Parson Brown Lane. Here a park bench overlooks the lake and the water's edge can be reached. A fountain is in the middle of the lake. However no fishing boating or swimming are allowed in this lake.
 The Nordenskjöld (Spanish: Lago Nordenskjöld or Lago Nordenskiöld) is a lake located in Torres del Paine National Park in the Magallanes Region southern Chile. The lake is named after the Swede Otto Nordenskiöld who discovered the lake in the beginning of the 20th century. The outfall of Nordenskjöld Lake consists of a waterfall known as Salto Grande. At this western end of the lake on the southern side is an abundance of wildlife including wild grazing Guanaco.
 Cherry Creek is a tributary of the South Platte River 48.0 miles (77.2 km) long in Colorado in the United States.
 The Rozalia River is a tributary of the Gladna River in Romania.
 The Homochitto River (pronounced ho-muh-CHIT-uh) is a river in the U.S. state of Mississippi. It flows from its source in southwest Mississippi for about 90 miles (145 km) west and south emptying into the Mississippi River between Natchez and Woodville.
 Bobs Lake is a lake in the James Bay and Abitibi River drainage basins in the city of Timmins Cochrane District in northeastern Ontario Canada.The lake is about 1500 metres (4921 ft) long and 370 metres (1214 ft) wide lies at an elevation of 281 metres (922 ft) and is located in the community of Porcupine on Ontario Highway 101.
 The Wildkogel is a 2224-metre (7297 ft) high grass-mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps in Oberpinzgau in Salzburg. It lies north of the Salzach river valley and the nearby towns of Neukirchen and Bramberg.At 2005 metres (6578 ft) high the Wildkogelhaus (built in 1898) can host up to 100 guests (with restaurants sauna and disco).
 The Rotenfluh (also spelled Rotenflue) is a mountain in the Swiss Prealps located east of Schwyz in Central Switzerland. It is part of the range surrounding the valley of Alpthal culminating at the Gross Mythen. A connection from Rickenbach via a gondola lift is planned for 2014-15. The terminus will be on the summit.
 Thunder Glacier is located on the west slopes of Mount Baker in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier descends to the west on the north side of the Black Buttes.
 This article is about Mount Emily in southwestern Oregon. For others see Mount Emily (disambiguation).Mount Emily (Tolowa: en-may ) is a mountain in the Klamath Mountains of southwestern Oregon in the United States. It is located in southern Curry County in the extreme southwest corner of the state near Brookings approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) from the Pacific Ocean and 5 miles (8.0 km) from the California state line.
 Hokusai is a rayed impact crater on Mercury which was discovered in 1991 by ground-based radar observations conducted at Goldstone Observatory. The crater was initially known as feature B. Its appearance was so dissimilar to other impact craters that it was once thought to be a shield volcano. However improved radar images by the Arecibo Observatory obtained later in 2000–2005 clearly showed that feature B is an impact crater with an extensive ray system.
 Quaboag Pond is a 537-acre (2.17 km2) pond located near the East Brookfield and Brookfield Massachusetts. The pond lies about two miles (3 km) south of state Route 9 as it passes through East Brookfield. Quaboag Pond was once named Podunk Pond.
 The Pârâul lui Marian is a tributary of the Valea Lungii River in Romania.
 Alexandra Canal a tributary of the Cooks River is an artificial waterway in southern Sydney New South Wales Australia.The canal is Sydney's first inbound waterway. It stretches 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) from the inner Sydney suburb of Alexandria flowing through the suburbs of St Peters and Mascot past Sydney's Sydney Airport to the Cooks River at Tempe which eventually discharges into Botany Bay. The canal is 60 metres (200 ft) wide increasing to 80 metres (260 ft) at its mouth.
 The Vinul Mare River is a headwater of the Vinul River in Romania.
 Lake Wateree is a 19 square miles (50 km2) reservoir in Kershaw Fairfield and Lancaster counties South Carolina in the United States. It is one of South Carolina's oldest man-made lakes. It has 242 miles (389 km) of shoreline and includes Lake Wateree State Recreation Area a bird refuge and Shaw Air Force Base Recreation center. Its name like that of the river recalls the now-extinct Wateree Native Americans who lived in the area until disposessed by European settlers.
 The Baker Branch Saint John River is a 48.0-mile-long (77.2 km) river in Maine. The Baker Stream originates in Upper First Saint John Pond (46°01′50″N 69°58′56″W) northeast of Truesdale Mountain in the northwest corner of Maine Township 4 Range 17 WELS. The stream flows sequentially through Lower First Saint John Pond Second Saint John Pond and Third Saint John Pond before entering T.5 R.17 WELS to flow into Fourth Saint John Pond. The outflow of 4th St.
 The Camarones River is a river of Chile.
 Calçoene River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 The Șopteriu River or Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
 Bon Tempe Lake is a reservoir in Marin County California. It is the widest lake in the watershed and on Lagunitas Creek. Beneath its dam is Alpine Lake. Fishing and hiking are activities around the lake. Rainbow trout and bass are caught in the lake.
 The Râul Grădinii is a small river in Cluj County Romania. It is a tributary of the Valea Lungă Mare.
 Kleinhennersdorfer Stein is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Blana River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Da Divisa River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin and a tributary of the Lava-Tudo River.
 Lake Asveja or Dubingiai Lake (Lithuanian: Asveja or Dubingių ežeras) is the longest lake in Lithuania (length: 21.9 km or 29.7 km counting the Žalktynė Vyriogala and Dubingiai bights). It covers 9.78 km² area and reaches a depth of 50.2m which makes it the third deepest lake in Lithuania. It lies partly in Molėtai district Švenčionys district and Vilnius district.
 Edelbach (Kahl) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Izvorul Cepelor River is a tributary of the Izvorul Galaţului River in Romania.
 At 2606.9 metres (8553 ft) the Hochkalter in the Berchtesgaden Alps is the highest peak in the massif of the same name and therefore one of the highest mountains in Germany. The massif is also called the Hochkaltergebirge Hochkalterstock or Hochkaltermassiv. The Hochkalter massif lies west of the Watzmann massif and like it is located within the Berchtesgaden National Park.
 Turgoyak (Russian: Тургояк) is a lake in Chelyabinsk Oblast near the city of Miass Russia. It has a surface of 2638 hectares. The water of the lake has a great transparency (from 10-17.5 m). The quality of the water is comparable to that of Lake Baikal.A megalithic monument is found on an island in the lake (Vera island) as well as ruins of a monastery.The lake is a popular tourist destination with resorts and holiday camps.
 Kandel is a mountain of the Black Forest in the south of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Izvorul Găvozului River is a tributary of the Moaşa river in Romania.
 The South Fork Clearwater River is a 62 mi (100 km) long river in north-central Idaho in the United States. Draining about 1175 sq mi (3040 km2) the South Fork joins with the Middle Fork Clearwater River to form the Clearwater River a major tributary of the Snake River.The river is formed by the confluence of the American River and Red River in the Nez Perce National Forest at an elevation of 3901 ft (1189 m).
 Wampatuck Pond is a 64-acre (260000 m2) pond in Hanson Massachusetts. Indian Head Brook both flows in and out of the pond. Along the northern shore of the pond are the Routes 14 and 58 concurrency Hanson's Town Hall and a small park. Access to the pond includes a concrete ramp managed by the Town of Hanson suitable for three trailers and six cars. The water quality is impaired due to noxious aquatic plants.
 Dunsinane Hill /dʌnˈsɪnən/ is near the village of Collace in Perthshire Scotland. It is mentioned in Shakespeare's play Macbeth. Macbeth shall never vanquished be until Great Birnam wood to high Dunsinane hill Shall come against him.It has the remains of two early forts. This is believed to be the site of a battle where Malcolm Canmore defeated Macbeth in 1054.
 The Vâlcu River is a tributary of the Cașoca River in Romania.
 Caliente Mountain is a mountain located in the Southern Coast Ranges of California. The summit at 5106 feet (1556 m) is the highest point in San Luis Obispo County and the Caliente Range. The mountain receives a little snowfall during the winter months.
 The Jiangkou Reservoir (simplified Chinese: '江口水库; traditional Chinese: '江口水庫; pinyin: Jiāngkǒu Shuǐkù) is a large scale reservoir in Wulong County Chongqing Municipality People's Republic of China constructed for the primary purpose of generating hydroelectricity.Built at a cost of 1.95 billion RMB the reservoir's concrete hyperbolic arch dam in Jiankou Town (江口镇) 2 km (1.2 mi) from the confluence of the Wu and Furong Rivers houses a hydroelectric power plant with an installed capacity of 300 MW.
 The Moselle (French: Moselle IPA: [mɔzɛl]; German: Mosel; Luxembourgish: Musel) is a river flowing through France Luxembourg and Germany. It is a left tributary of the Rhine which it joins at Koblenz. A small part of Belgium is also drained by the Moselle through the Sauer and the Our. Its name comes from the Latin Mosella meaning the Little Meuse (Mosa in Latin). The river gave its name to two French départements: Moselle and Meurthe-et-Moselle.
 The Rioni or Rion River (Georgian: რიონი Rioni Greek: Φᾶσις Phasis) is the main river of western Georgia. It originates in the Caucasus Mountains in the region of Racha and flows west to the Black Sea entering it north of the city of Poti (near ancient Phasis). The city of Kutaisi once the ancient city of Colchis lies on its banks.
 The Roe River runs between Giant Springs and the Missouri River in Great Falls Montana United States. The Roe River is only 201 feet (61 m) at its longest constant point. Towards its end the Roe becomes surprisingly deep at least 6–8 feet.A successful campaign to get the Roe River recognized by the Guinness World Records as the shortest river in the world originated from students at Lincoln Elementary School in Great Falls Montana. In 1988 Students Molly A.
 For the town of the same name see Semmering Austria.Semmering (elevation 965 m) is a mountain pass in the Eastern Northern Limestone Alps connecting Lower Austria and Styria between which it forms a natural border.
 The Aïgue Longue (or Aygue Longue) is a left tributary of the Luy de Béarn at Mazerolles Pyrénées-Atlantiques in the Southwest of France.
 Wildcat Creek is a 13.4-mile-long (21.6 km) creek which flows through Wildcat Canyon situated between the Berkeley Hills and the San Pablo Ridge emptying into San Pablo Bay in Contra Costa County northern California.
 Stowe Pool is a reservoir located in the city of Lichfield Staffordshire. The reservoir was built in 1856 by the South Staffordshire Waterworks Co. in order to supply clean water to the Black Country. Before 1856 Stowe Pool existed as a mill pond with Stowe mill located just to the west of St Chad’s Church. Since 1968 the reservoir has not been used for supply and is now a public amenity used for recreation purposes.
 The Paricarana River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Wiebelsaat is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Rocky River is a 28.3-mile-long (45.5 km) stream located in the southwest part of the U.S. state of Michigan that flows into the St. Joseph River at 41°56′33″N 85°37′59″W in the city of Three Rivers in St. Joseph County. The Rocky River along with the St. Joseph River and the Portage River are the three rivers from which the city of Three Rivers takes its name.The Rocky River rises in southwest Marcellus Township in Cass County at 41°59′43″N 85°51′04″W.
 Chrétien is a lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon from the Earth. It lies due south of the Mare Ingenii one of the few maria on the Moon's far side.
 Agusan River is a river located in the eastern part of Mindanao island in the Philippines draining majority of the Caraga Region and some parts of Compostela Valley province. It is the third largest river basin of the Philippines with a total drainage area of 10921 km² and an estimated length of 350 kilometers from its origin. The headwaters of the river is found in the mountains of Compostela Valley near its border with Davao Oriental and east of Tagum City.
 Ziethe is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Ruth is an impact crater on Venus. The crater based on data provided by the Magellan spacecraft has an estimated diameter of 18.5 kilometres (11.5 mi) and an elevation of 6051.365 kilometres (3760.144 mi).
 The Rauen Hills (German: Rauensche Berge) are a range of low hills in Brandenburg Germany. They are named after the town of Rauen.
 The Bulimba Creek catchment has it sources in the marshy parts of the suburbs of Runcorn and Kuraby in the south of Brisbane. It then flows in a northerly direction through the suburbs of Mansfield Mackenzie Carindale Murarrie and Lytton before meeting the Brisbane River along the Lytton Reach. The creek was originally known as Doboy Creek.
 The Río Orocovis is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Nipigon is an impact crater on Mars located in the Arcadia quadrangle just North-East of the volcano Uranius Patera. The crater is 9.3 kilometers (5.8 mi) in diameter. The crater was named in 1991 after the Canadian town Nipigon Ontario. It is also worthy to note that the location of Nipigon crater (33.7ºN 81.9ºW) in Latitude and Longitude on Mars is close to that of Nipigon Ontario (49°00′N 88°25′W) on Earth.
 The Laugenspitze (German: Laugenspitze; Italian: Monte Luco) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Nippletop is a mountain located in Essex County New York.
 The Șolintar River or Cărunta River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania.
 The Holmul River (Spanish: Río Holmul) is a river in northeastern Guatemala that flows through the Petén Basin region in the departamento (department) of El Petén towards the border with Belize. A number of significant pre-Columbian Maya sites lie along or near the course of this waterway including Tikal Nakum Holmul Naranjo Yaxha and Witzna.
 Quinto Creek originally El Arroyo de Quinto later Kinto Creek is a tributary stream of the San Joaquin River that now fails to reach the river. Its source drains the slopes of the Diablo Range within the Central Valley of California USA.
 The River Dee is a river running through the extreme south east of Cumbria a part of the Craven region traditionally part of the West Riding of Yorkshire.The river rises at Dent Head Farm on the Dales Way formed from several smaller streams emanating from Blea Moor Moss the River Dee makes its way northward past Stone House to Cowgill where it turns left into Dentdale.
 Tangkuban Perahu (spelt Tangkuban Parahu in the local Sundanese dialect) is a dormant volcano 30 km north of the city of Bandung the provincial capital of West Java Indonesia. It last erupted in 1826 1829 1842 1846 1896 1910 1926 1929 1952 1957 1961 1965 1967 1969 1983. It is a popular tourist attraction where tourists can hike or ride to the edge of the crater to view the hot water springs and boiling mud up close and buy eggs cooked on the hot surface.
 The Lusatian Mountains (Czech: Lužické hory German: Lausitzer Gebirge) are a mountain range of the Western Sudetes located on the southeastern border of Germany with the Czech Republic a continuation of the Ore Mountains range west of the Elbe valley. The mountains of the northern German part are called the Zittau Mountains.
 The Bull River is a 117-kilometre (73 mi) long tributary of the Kootenay River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is part of the Columbia River basin as the Kootenay River is a tributary of the Columbia River.
 Kīlauea (/kiːlaʊˈeɪ.ə/; Hawaiian: [ˈkiːlɔuˈwɛjə]) is a shield volcano in the Hawaiian Islands the most active of the five volcanoes that together form the island of Hawaiʻi. Located along the southern shore of the island the volcano at 300000 to 600000 years old is the second youngest product of the Hawaiian hotspot and the current eruptive center of the Hawaiian–Emperor seamount chain.
 Joychandi Pahar (Bengali: জয়্চণ্ডী পাহাড়) is a hill which is a popular tourist attraction in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is three kilometres from the subdivisional town of Raghunathpur Purulia district. It is on the Purulia – Barakar road is a popular tourist centre and major attraction for rock climbing.Joychandi Pahar railway station is on the Asansol – Adra section of South Eastern Railway in the state capital of Kolkata.
 The Thoeny Hills el. 3104 feet (946 m) is a set of hills northeast of Malta Montana in Phillips County Montana.
 The Cucuj River is a tributary of the Râiosu River in Romania.
 The Crow Wing River is a 113-mile-long (182 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in Minnesota the United States. The river rises in a chain of 11 lakes in southern Hubbard County Minnesota and flows generally south then east entering the Mississippi at Crow Wing State Park northwest of Little Falls Minnesota. Its name is a loose translation from the Ojibwe language Gaagaagiwigwani-ziibi (Raven-feather River). A wing-shaped island at its mouth accounts for the river's name.
 Kalanag or Black Peak (6387 mts) is one of the major peaks in the Bandarpunch mountain range others being Bandarpunch I (6316 mts) and Bandarpunch II (White Peak) (6102 mts). It literally means Black Cobra. It is close to the Ruinsara Valley. The peak was first summited in 1955 by JMT Gibson an English master at the Doon School in Dehradun.
 Mount Woodring is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming. The mountain is immediately west of Leigh Lake and is sandwiched between Paintbrush Canyon to the south and Leigh Canyon to the north. The best access to the summit is from Paintbrush Divide along the Paintbrush Canyon Trail.
 Waldbach (Gürzenicher Bach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Caşva River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
 Cosigüina (also spelt Cosegüina) is a stratovolcano located in the western part of Nicaragua. It forms a large peninsula extending into the Gulf of Fonseca. The summit is truncated by a large caldera 2 x 2.4 km in diameter and 500 m deep holding a substantial crater lake (Laguna Cosigüina). This cone has grown within an earlier caldera forming a somma volcano. The earlier caldera rim is still exposed on the north side but has been buried by the younger cone elsewhere.
 A Volcanic eruption took place in 1222 at a volcanic field in Northern Syria near Killis (also Kilis) Turkey. The volcano probably formed because of a reigonal Graben. The Volcano is Andesitic-Basaltic in composition.
 Iceberg Peak is a mountain located on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. Within the boundaries of Strathcona Provincial Park this peak lies at the south end of Rees Ridge. Mount Celeste lies at the north end of this ridge.
 The Rio Nuevo is a river of Jamaica.
 Brown Mountain is a low-lying ridge approximately 1.5 miles long in the Pisgah National Forest near Morganton North Carolina on the border of Burke and Caldwell Counties.For perhaps hundreds of years and since at least the early 1900s mysterious illuminations known as the Brown Mountain Lights have been seen there.The lights are small balls that appear irregularly over Brown Mountain.
 The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Pecineaga River in Romania.
 The West Lyn is a river which rises high in Exmoor Somerset and joins the East Lyn at Lynmouth in Devon.The upper reaches have been designated as a Site of Special Scientific Interest because of the geomorphological landforms created in the 1952 flood.The lower reaches of the river towards Lynmouth are known as the Glen Lyn Gorge.
 Wackstower See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 65.2 m its surface area is 0.036 km².
 Dirrington Great Law is a hill in the Scottish Borders area of Scotland in the former county of Berwickshire. The summit is around 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) south of Longformacus and 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) west of Duns. It is an isolated hill to the south of the Lammermuir Plateau.
 Lago di Centro Cadore is a lake in the Province of Belluno Veneto Italy. At an elevation of 683 m its surface area is 2.3 km².
 The Râul Barcului is a tributary of the Lupşa River in Romania.
 The Atoyac River (Guerrero) is a river of Mexico.
 Iraya is an active volcano in the Philippines.
 The Boceasa River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Hunting Creek is a cove and tributary stream of the Potomac River between the City of Alexandria and Fairfax County in Virginia. It is formed by the confluence of Cameron Run and Hooff Run. The community of Huntington takes its name from the creek. Jones Point forms the north side. Dyke Marsh is just to the south. The George Washington Memorial Parkway crosses it on a bridge.The creek is sometimes referred to as Great Hunting Creek to distinguish it from Little Hunting Creek.
 Located in central Warren County New Jersey Merrill Creek Reservoir is a 650 acre (2.6 km²) artificial lake that is surrounded by 290 acres (1.2 km²) of protected woodland and fields. These lands are themselves part of 2000 acres (8.1 km2) of open spaces.Merrill Creek is connected to the Delaware River about three miles away by an underground tunnel.
 Seyfert is a prominent lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies behind the eastern limb of the Moon to the east of the crater Espin. Just to the north of Seyfert is the crater Harriot and equally close to the south is Polzunov.The outer rim of this crater is slightly elongated to the north and the northeastern rim is overlain by the satellite crater Seyfert A. This overlapping impact crater has a central ridge on its interior floor.
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Călimănelul cel Tulbure River in Romania.
 Tazlina Glacier is a 25-mile-long (40 km) glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins 1.5 miles (2.4 km) north of Mount Cashman and flows north to its terminus one mile (1.6 km) south of Tazlina Lake and 43 miles (69 km) north of Valdez. Tazlina Glacier is the largest northward flowing glacier in the Chugach Mountains. The terminus of the glacier is retreating and thinning.
 The Castejón Mountains (Spanish: Montes de Castejón) are a mountain range in the Cinco Villas comarca Aragon Spain located about 30 km to the north of Zaragoza.They are named after the town of Castejón de Valdejasa in the midst of the range.The Castejón Mountains are covered with low and mostly sparse forest made up mainly Carrasca (Quercus ilex) and pine trees often subject to wildfires during droughts. The ridge's highest summit is Esteban (747 m).
 Great Mis Tor is a hill with a rocky outcrop situated in Dartmoor. It has been called one of the grandest hills in Devon and lies above the River Walkham about 4 miles north-east of Princetown. There is a notable rock basin on the peak called the Mis Tor Pan or The Devil's Frying Pan.The hill and surrounding area is on land owned by the Duchy of Cornwall which is leased to the army. There have been cases of deaths and injury to the public caused by unexploded munitions in the area.
 The Râoaia River or Roata River or Roia River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Râoaia Mare and the Râoaia Mică
 Olmes is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lake Tota (Spanish: Lago de Tota) the largest lake in Colombia located in the east of Boyacá department is the source of the Upia River which flows into the Orinco River basin.The major town on the lake is Aquitania located on its eastern side. Other nearby villages include Tota Iza and Cuitiva.Lake Tota was an important religious center for the Muisca culture.
 Lake Kerinci (Indonesian: Danau Kerinci) is a lake in Jambi Indonesia. It is located at 2°8′55″S 101°29′34″E.
 Hagatjennhaugen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 The Ursu River is a tributary of the Ilişoara Mare River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Ursul Mare and Ursul Mic
 Särkijärvi is a medium-sized lake lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the North Karelia region in Finland close to border with Russia. There are 178 lakes with this name in Finland. This lake is the biggest of them.
 Lago di Ceresole is an artificial lake in the Province of Turin Piedmont northern Italy. The lake was created in 1925-1931 when A.E.M. (now Iren) Turin's electricity authority built here a dam with a hydroelectric plant; the site located in what is now the comune of Ceresole Reale already housed a small natural lake.
 Kyrösjärvi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is situated in the municipalities of Ikaalinen Hämeenkyrö and Ylöjärvi in the Pirkanmaa region in western Finland. The lake is part of the Kokemäenjoki basin and it drains through a chain of lakes into the lake Kulovesi in the south.
 Azad Kuh (Persian: آزاد کوه) is one of the highest peaks in the central Alburz Range in Mazandaran province north of Iran. In Persian Kuh means mountain and Azad means free so Azad Kuh can be translated to The Free Mountain. This name is probably chosen by local people because of Azad Kuh's cone like shape and the fact that it is not connected to its surrounding peaks.
 Coquitlam Mountain is a mountain located in northeast Coquitlam British Columbia 6.2 km (3.9 mi) east of Coquitlam Lake and 9.7 km (6.0 mi) north of Minnekhada Regional Park. The mountain is located at the head of Or Creek completely within the Coquitlam watershed and thus public access is forbidden by law. Mount Burke forms the southern ridge of Coquitlam Mountain.The first recorded ascent of the mountain was in 1918 by P. James and D. Munday.
 Lasterbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lac des Confins is located just below the station of La Clusaz. The lake is situated at the foot of the Aravis Range. Nearby is the Pointe Percée.Every year at the end of the skiing season there is a light-hearted descent. The skiers run down the hills towards the lake as fast as they can the idea being to see who can jump the furthest into the lake. All participants are encouraged.
 The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
 The Island River is a river of Minnesota.
 Green Mountain elevation 10427 ft (3178 m) is a summit in the Kenosha Mountains of central Colorado. The mountain is northwest of Deckers in the Pike National Forest.
 Irserbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Stanley Peak is a 3155 m high mountain located in the Ball Range at the northeastern section of Kootenay National Park in the Canadian Rocky Mountains (British Columbia / Canada). The mountain was named in 1901 by its first climber the English explorer Edward Whymper after Frederick Stanley 16th Earl of Derby the sixth Governor-General of Canada. There are sources that date the naming in 1912 after Stanley H.
 Maumtrasna (alternative spelling Maamtrasna) is a mountain in south County Mayo Ireland.The name derives from its Irish name (Mám trasna) which is roughly translated as the Mountain pass crossing.
 The Cima della Bianca is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps and located on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. It is in Switzerland and lies east of the Scopi.
 Johanneskirchenkopf is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 The Giuvala River is a tributary of the Fundățica River in Romania.
 The Mud River is a 21.0-mile-long (33.8 km) stream of northwestern Minnesota in the United States. It flows from a point east of Grygla westwards to the Agassiz National Wildlife Refuge and the large wetlands complex surrounding Agassiz Pool. It is part of the Thief River watershed which drains via the Red Lake River the Red River of the North Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River to Hudson Bay.
 Bjelasnica is a mountain range in the south of Bosnia and Herzegovina specifically in the municipality of Trebinje. It is located on the right side of the river Trebišnjica. The highest peaks are Motka (1396 m) Ilija (1338 m) and Siljevac (1297 m).
 The Darwin Hills are a mountain range in Inyo County California situated near the Argus Range Panamint Range and Inyo Mountains. Darwin Falls and the Darwin Falls Wilderness are located in the Darwin Hills. They were named after Dr. Darwin French a local rancher miner and explorer. At 6010 feet (1832 m) the summit of Ophir Mountain is the highest point of the Darwin Hills.
 Weißach (Murr) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Coast Fork Willamette River is one of two forks that unite to form the Willamette River in western Oregon in the United States. It is about 40 miles (64 km) long draining an area of the mountains at the south end of the Willamette Valley south of Eugene.
 The Jundiaí River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Tietê River and flows through the city of Jundiaí.
 Swasey Mountain is the north section of the House Range of northwest Millard County Utah; the extreme north of Swasey Mountain extends into south Juab County.The Swasey Mountain section contains a north-trending ridge at the west about 14-mi long; the south of the section is east-west the mountain shaped like an L.
 Kosberg is a small lunar crater that is located near the middle of the huge walled plain Gagarin which lies on the far side of the Moon and cannot be viewed directly from the Earth. Kosberg is a flat-bottomed crater with a circular outer rim simple sloping inner walls and a somewhat lumpy interior floor. A similar crater lies less than one crater diameter to the southwest forming a matching pair.
 Gairdner River is a river located in the Great Southern region of Western Australia. The river was first recorded by Surveyor General John Septimus Roe in 1848 when carrying out exploration of the area noting that natives referred to it and its numerous branches as Jeer-A-Mung-Up.
 The Changaral River is a river of Chile.
 The Mananara River is one of the main rivers in north-eastern Madagascar. Its mouth is located in the Bay of Antongil (Indian Ocean) near the city of Mananara Nord in the Analanjirofo region.
 Not to be confused with the Mistassini River.The Mistassibi River is a river in central Quebec Canada. It is 298 kilometres (185 mi) long and has a drainage basin of 9325 square kilometres (3600 sq mi). Its source is an area with unnamed lakes about 50 kilometres (31 mi) east of Canso Bay of Lake Albanel eastern neighbor of Lake Mistassini.The name Mistassibi only in use since the late 19th century comes from the Innu-aimun language meaning large river.
 Piz Vadret is a mountain of the Swiss Livigno Alps located east of Samedan in the canton of Graubünden. It lies just north of Fuorcla Muragl between the valleys of Champagna Muragl and Prüna.The closest access is from the funicular station at Muottas Muragl.
 The Pârâul Stâna lui Rusu is a tributary of the Pârâul Bradului in Romania.
 Clackline Brook is an 11.6-kilometre-long (7.2 mi) waterway in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. From near Clackline it runs east-south-easterly towards Mokine before turning north and ending near Mokine Hill. Clackline Brook joins onto Spencers Brook with the name changing at the confluence with Corolin Brook.The area around Clackline Brook was where a number of Aboriginal families lived with their territories defined by the surrounding waterways.
 The Hundsberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany. It is a northeastern peak of the Wattenberg massif.
 Pinnacle Ridge (13365 ft (4074 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Pinnacle Ridge is an arête and the highest point on that ridge is the 14th highest summit in Wyoming about equidistant from Gannett Peak to the north and Mount Woodrow Wilson to the south. The summit is on the Continental Divide in both Shoshone and Bridger-Teton National Forests. The Dinwoody Glacier is on the eastern slopes of Pinnacle Ridge.
 The Vâlcele River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Wainui River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally south through isolated hill country to reach the Pacific coast five kilometres west of Cape Turnagain.
 Licancabur is a highly symmetrical stratovolcano on the southernmost part of the border between Chile and Bolivia. It is located just southwest of Laguna Verde in Bolivia. The volcano dominates the landscape of the Salar de Atacama area.
 Blue Mountain Lake is a reservoir in Arkansas United States. A U.S.
 The Acheron River is an inland river in Victoria and a tributary of the Goulburn River. The river rises in Yarra Ranges National Park near Acheron Way and flows into the Goulburn River near Alexandra. It is 84 kilometres long and has 10 tributaries. Its major tributaries are Steavensons River Little Steavensons River Little River and Ceberus Creek.
 The Rio Bueno is a river of Jamaica.
 The Río de Apeadero is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The River Mole a tributary of the River Taw in Devon which rises on the southwestern border of Exmoor. The river takes its name from the market towns of North and South Molton. The river was previously known as the Nymet.
 Bramble Bay is an embayment of Moreton Bay in South East Queensland Australia. The Brisway map reference is 12 H5 or see page 91 G19 in Refidex.The Houghton Highway Hornibrook Bridge and Ted Smout Memorial Bridge span Bramble Bay connecting Redcliffe with Brisbane.The Brisbane to Gladstone yacht race begins in Bramble Bay. Activities for the annual race are centred on the Shorncliffe pier and nearby foreshore.Bramble Bay is the most environmentally degraded part of Moreton Bay.
 The Kilgore Hills are a mountain range in Siskiyou County California.
 The Hahnenkamm is a mountain in Austria directly south of Kitzbühel in the Kitzbühel Alps. The elevation of its summit is 1712 metres (5617 ft) above sea level.The Hahnenkamm (German: rooster's comb) is part of the ski resort of Kitzbühel and hosts the annual World Cup alpine ski races the Hahnenkammrennen. The most famous slope on the Hahnenkamm is the classic downhill course the Streif (streak or stripe) which is regarded as the most demanding race course on the World Cup circuit.
 The Stierenberg (872 m) is a wooded mountain north of the Alps located between the cantons of Aargau and Lucerne with the summit being within the canton of Aargau. The Stierenberg is the highest summit between the valleys of the Suhre and Aabach.
 Cämmerer See is a lake in Usedom Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 0.3 m its surface area is 0.18 km².
 The Podu Mare River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Doljești River is a tributary of the Arinoasa River in Romania.
 The Kosi or Koshi River (Hindi: कोसी नदी kosī nadī; Nepali: कोसी नदी koshī nadī) drains the northern slopes of the Himalayas in Tibet Autonomous Region (T.A.R.) and the southern slopes in Nepal. From a major confluence of tributaries north of the Chatra Gorge onwards the Kosi River is also known as Saptakoshi (Nepali: सप्तकोशी saptakoshī) for its seven upper tributaries including the Tamur Koshi originating from Mt. Kanchenjunga in the east Arun Koshi from Mt.
 The Dolovăț River is a tributary of the Domesnic River in Romania.
 The Râul Cocinilor is a tributary of the Robești River in Romania.
 Anchor Cone is a mountain in western British Columbia Canada located on the south side of Lowe Inlet Grenville Channel and southwest of Kitimat. It lies in the Countess of Dufferin Range a subrange of the Kitimat Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 The Macacos River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Twin Cairns is a mountain located southeast of Simpson Pass in British Columbia Canada.
 Rißbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Baba (Serbian Cyrillic: Баба) is a mountain in central Serbia east of the city of Paraćin. It has an elevation of 657 metres above sea level.At the northern edge of the mountain there is Orthodox monastery Lešje from 14th century.
 The Ciornohal River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Yelymovka (Russian: Елымовка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Babka River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 25 km.
 Keyes Gap or Keyes' Gap is a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountain on the border of Loudoun County Virginia and Jefferson County West Virginia. The gap is traversed by Virginia State Route 9/West Virginia State Route 9. The Appalachian Trail also crosses the gap.
 Gübsensee is a reservoir near the city of St. Gallen Switzerland. Its dams were built between 1898 and 1900 the first hydroelectric reservoir in Switzerland. Kraftwerk Kubel has generated electrical power there since 1900.Gübsensee Ost is a gravity dam with a height of 24 m Gübsensee West an earthfill dam.The lake's surface area is 0.17 km². Its volume is 1.5 mio m³.
 Onilahy is a river in Toliara Province southern Madagascar. It flows down from the hills near Betroka to the Mozambique Channel. It empties at St. Augustin (23.5666667°S 43.75°E﻿ / -23.5666667; 43.75) and into the Bay of Saint-Augustin. Two species of cichlids are endemic to the river basin but Ptychochromis onilahy is probably already extinct and the remaining range of Ptychochromoides betsileanus covers less than 10 square kilometres (3.9 sq mi).
 The Furgghorn (German Italian: Cima del Breuil) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the boundary between the canton of Valais (Switzerland) and Aosta Valley (northern Italy). It lies on the range south-east of the Matterhorn near the Theodul Pass. The closest locality is Breuil-Cervinia on the Italian side. The closest locality on the Swiss side is Zermatt.
 Lac de Glandieu is a lake in Ain France.
 The Meiu River is a tributary of the Stâna River in Romania.
 The Bodoș River is a tributary of the Ozunca River in Romania.
 The Vez River (Rio Vez) is a river in Portugal. It is approximately 36km in length.
 Haycock is a mountain in the western part of the English Lake District. It rises between Scoat Fell and Caw Fell to the south of Ennerdale and the north of Wasdale. Haycock is an imposing dome shaped fell its popularity with walkers diminished somewhat by its remoteness. It can be climbed from either valley and offers fine mountain views.
 Little Bear Lake is a small-medium sized lake in north-central Saskatchewan Canada located just off Hanson Lake Road.It is known for its many types of fish both in the lake and on nearby lakes. As well the lake is several hundred feet deep. Fish living in the lake include Northern pike Lake Trout Walleye Whitefish Burbot and Perch.
 Bråkdalsbelgen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 North Triangle Pond is a 20-acre (81000 m2) shallow pond in the West Plymouth section of Plymouth Massachusetts east of the Route 80 terminus off Samoset Street (former U.S. Route 44). The average water depth of the pond is less than one meter. The water quality is impaired due to non-native aquatic plants and nuisance exotic species.
 The Boghea River is a tributary of the Balciu River in eastern Romania.
 The Ararat Hills are a mountain range in Humboldt County Nevada.
 Mount Higashi (東岳 Higashi-dake) is a volcano located on the Shiretoko Peninsula in Hokkaido Japan.
 Qiruqucha (Quechua hispanicized spelling Querococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ancash Region Recuay Province in the districts Ticapampa and Catac. The lake is situated at a height of 3980 metres (13058 ft) about 2.43 km long and 0.87 km at its widest point. Qiruqucha lies on the western side of the Cordillera Blanca southwest of the mountains Yanamaray and Pukarahu northwest of the Mururahu and the Qishqi (Gueshgue Queshque) and east of the town Recuay.
 The Valea Sărată River is a tributary of the Dragomirna River in Romania.
 Lough Island Reavy is a small man-made lough in Kilcoo County Down Northern Ireland. It is a great fishing spot which is controlled by the Belfast Anglers club. The lake contains pike and perch as well as small numbers of wild brown trout and eels.
 Lewis Bay is a bay indenting the north coast of Ross Island Antarctica between Mount Bird and Cape Tennyson.
 Lyaskovets Peak (Vrah Lyaskovets \'vr&h 'lyas-ko-vets\) is the easternmost peak of Friesland Ridge in the Tangra Mountains eastern Livingston Island and has an elevation 1473 m.
 Mount Guyot is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain is named after Professor Arnold H. Guyot (1807–1884) of Princeton University and is part of the Twin Range of the White Mountains. Mount Guyot is flanked to the northwest by South Twin Mountain to the northeast by Mount Zealand and to the south by Mount Bond. Guyot is on the northern boundary of the Pemigewasset Wilderness.
 The Sarsău River is a tributary of the Călata River in Romania.
 Clougha Pike is a hill located in the Forest of Bowland in Lancashire England. From the west it looms over the Conder Valley the city of Lancaster and Lancaster University. It is visible from as far away as Barrow-in-Furness South Lakeland mountains such as the Old Man of Coniston and Blackpool Tower. From the west it appears to be a large dome shape with a cliff-like section at the very top.
 Clear Creek is a 13.5 miles (21.7 km) long stream which begins at 8780 feet (2680 m) on the southern slopes of Snow Valley Peak (Toiyabe National Forest Carson Range) west of Carson City. It is the only perennial tributary of the Carson River mainstem and is protected by The Nature Conservancy. Its mouth is at its confluence with the Carson River in the southeast portion of Carson City Nevada.
 The Zervreilahorn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located south of Vals in the canton of Graubünden. The mountain overlooks the Zervreilasee on the north.
 The Ighiel River is a tributary of the Ighiu River in Romania.
 Sanseongsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 603 metres.
 Valtenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Besiberri Nord is a mountain of the Massís del Besiberri Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 3009 metres above sea level.
 Svartfjellet (Northern Sami: Čáhppesčohkka) is a mountain in the municipality of Loppa in Finnmark county Norway. It lies alongside the small glacier Svartfjelljøkelen a few kilometers north of the larger glacier Øksfjordjøkelen. The village of Bergsfjord lies about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) straight west of the mountain.For many years Svartfjellet was regarded as the highest mountain in Finnmark but this was due to a measurement error.
 Moosehead Lake is the largest lake in the U.S. state of Maine and the largest mountain lake in the eastern United States. Situated in the Longfellow Mountains in the Maine Highlands Region the lake is the source of the Kennebec River. Towns that border the lake include Greenville to the south and Rockwood to the northwest. There are over 80 islands in the lake the largest being Sugar Island.
 Chembra Peak (Malayalam: ചെമ്പ്ര കൊടുമുടി) is the highest peak in Wayanad at 2100 metres (6900 ft) above sea level. Chembra is located near the town of Meppady and is 8 km south of Kalpetta. It is part of the Wayanad hill ranges in Western Ghats adjoining the Nilgiri Hills in Tamilnadu and Vellarimala in Kozhikode district in Kerala.Chembra Peak is accessible by foot from Meppady.
 The Northern Limestone Alps (German: Nördliche Kalkalpen) also called the Northern Calcareous Alps are the ranges of the Eastern Alps north of the Central Eastern Alps located in Austria and the adjacent Bavarian lands of southeastern Germany. The distinction from the latter group where the higher peaks are located is based on differences in geological composition.
 Përlepnicë Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Përlepnicës Serbian: Језеро Прилепница) is a small lake situated in western Kosovo surrounded by the Goljak mountains. Prilepnica Lake is found just north-east of the city of Gnjilane also it supplies water for the city. A tributary of the South Morava flows through the lake and it is the largest lake in the east of Kosovo.
 Loemühlenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Topčiderska Reka (literally Topčider river) or colloquially Topčiderka (Serbian Cyrillic: Топчидерска река or Топчидерка) is a river in north-central Serbia a 30 km-long right tributary to the Sava river to which it flows in the urban section of Belgrade. It is one of the 40 rivers streams and creeks that flow or used to flow through Belgrade (majority of them is conducted underground into the city sewage system).
 The Pau Atravessado River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Großer Pönitzer See is a lake in Scharbeutz Holsteinische Schweiz Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 1.08 km².
 The Da Laguna River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Geirangerfjorden is a fjord in the Sunnmøre region of Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It located entirely in Stranda Municipality. It is a 15-kilometre (9.3 mi) long branch off of the Sunnylvsfjorden which is a branch off of the Storfjorden (Great Fjord). The small village of Geiranger is located at the end of the fjord where the Geirangelva river empties into it.The fjord is one of Norway's most visited tourist sites.
 The Chilean Coastal Range (Spanish: Cordillera de la Costa) is a mountain range that runs from north to south along the Pacific coast of South America parallel to the Andean Mountains extending from Morro de Arica in the north to Taitao Peninsula where it ends at the Chile Triple Junction in the south. The range has a strong influence on the climate of Chile since it produces a rain shadow to the east.
 Oltedalsvatnet near Oltedal is a lake in the municipality of Gjesdal in Rogaland county Norway.
 Rio Grande (Portuguese for great river) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Tardes (French: la Tardes) is a 77.3 km (48.0 mi) long river in the Creuse département central France. Its source is at Basville. It flows generally north. It is a left tributary of the Cher into which it flows between Évaux-les-Bains and Budelière.Its main tributary is the Voueize.
 Doppelmayer is the remains of a lunar crater that lies on the southwest edge of Mare Humorum. To the south-southeast is another flooded crater designated Lee and to the southeast is Vitello. Just to the east-northeast of Doppelmayer lies the nearly submerged crater Puiseux.The rim of Doppelmayer is nearly round but is worn and eroded. The most intact section is the southwest half while in the northeast the rim descends beneath the mare leaving only a slight rise in the surface.
 The Recea River is a tributary of the Pârâul Morii in Romania.
 Mar Chiquita (in Spanish literally Little Sea) or Mar de Ansenuza is an endorheic salt lake located in the northeast of the province of Córdoba in central Argentina. The northeast corner of the lake also extends into southeastern Santiago del Estero Province. It is the largest of the naturally occurring saline lakes in Argentina.
 Tanzawa mountains (丹沢山地 Tanzawa-sanchi) are mountain range in the Kantō region in Japan. It covers the northwestern part of Kanagawa Prefecture and touches the prefectural borders of Shizuoka Prefecture to the west and the Yamanashi Prefecture to the north.
 Gosenbach (Sieg) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Slănic de Gura Ocniței River or Slănic River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The West Branch Oyster River is a 3.3-mile-long (5.3 km) tributary of the Oyster River in Warren Maine. From its source (44°08′57″N 69°12′47″W) the stream runs about 2 miles south and 1 mile east to its confluence with the main stem of the Oyster River.
 The Fannin Range is a Canadian mountain range lying between the Seymour River and Indian Arm/Indian River. It is part of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains of British Columbia Canada. The southern portion of the range terminates near the city of Vancouver British Columbia and as such is very highly traveled.It contains mountains such as Mount Seymour Mount Bishop and Mount Elsay.
 The Senggchuppa is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of the Simplon Pass in the canton of Valais. It lies north of the Fletschhorn-Lagginhorn-Weissmies group the range lying between the Saastal and the Val Divedro.The northern side of the mountain is covered by a glacier named Mattwaldgletscher.
 The Tureacu River is a tributary of the Bârgău River in Romania.
 The Limpedea River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 Franklin Pierce Lake is a 483-acre (2.0 km2) reservoir located in Hillsborough County in southern New Hampshire United States in the towns of Hillsborough and Antrim. It is named for Franklin Pierce the 14th president of the United States who was born in Hillsborough at a site now inundated by the lake[citation needed]. The lake impounds the North Branch of the Contoocook River and lies within the Merrimack River watershed.
 The Izvoarul Mioarelor River is a tributary of the Babeş River in Romania.
 Langton Hill is a small hill in the town of Horncastle in the English county of Lincolnshire. The hill forming part of the western River Bain Valley. It is one of the first larger hills that form the hilly area that becomes the Lincolnshire Wolds on the other side of Horncastle. The B1191 road Woodhall Road runs along the eastern side from Horncastle and is also called 'Langton Hill' but then turns off south where a smaller road goes to the summit.
 Mount Jerai (Malay: Gunung Jerai;) or formerly Kedah Peak is the highest mountain in the Malaysian state of Kedah with the height of 986 metres (3235 ft). Within Kedah itself the mountain stands at the border of Kuala Muda and Yan districts. The mountain is a massive limestone outcrop and is a lone feature from the surrounding geography of the area.
 Ontario Peak at 8693 ft is a high peak in the San Gabriel Mountains of California. Like neighboring Cucamonga Peak it is on the San Bernardino National Forest and in the Cucamonga Wilderness. The peak is named for the nearby city of Ontario about 12 miles (19 km) due south and first appeared in the General Land Office Forest Atlas in 1908.The most accessible trailhead for hiking Ontario Peak is in Icehouse Canyon.
 The Pârâul Sterp is a tributary of the Pârâul Alb in Romania.
 The Sapelo River is a 23-mile-long (37 km) primarily tidal river in McIntosh County in the U.S. state of Georgia. It forms between Interstate 95 and U.S. Route 17 near the community of Eulonia and winds generally east through salt marshes into Sapelo Sound an arm of the Atlantic Ocean that separates St. Catherines Island to the north from Sapelo Island to the south.
 Skogerøytoppen (Northern Sami: Ákkelgáisá) is the highest mountain on the island of Skogerøya in Sør-Varanger Municipality in Finnmark county Norway. The 445-metre (1460 ft) tall Skogerøytoppen is the fifth highest point in the municipality. The mountain lies on the northern part of the island overlooking the large Varangerfjorden.
 Lovell Lake is a 538-acre (2.18 km2) water body in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire United States in the town of Wakefield. The lake is both spring-fed and fed by small streams including Horse Brook. The outlet of the lake located at the village of Sanbornville is the beginning of the Branch River. From here the Branch River flows through Milton where it joins the Salmon Falls River on the Maine-New Hampshire border.
 Ring Mountain is an elevated landform on the Tiburon Peninsula in Marin County California. This mountain was named for George E. Ring who served as a Marin County Supervisor from 1895 to 1903.A number of rare and endangered flora inhabit Ring Mountain.
 The Măgura River is a headwater of the Chiuzbaia River in Romania.
 Skräbeån is a river in Sweden.
 The Lipova River is a tributary of the Tutova River in Romania.
 The Ethiopian Highlands is a rugged mass of mountains in Ethiopia. It forms the largest continuous area of its altitude in the continent with little of its surface falling below 1500 m (4921 ft) while the summits reach heights of up to 4550 m (14928 ft). It is sometimes called the Roof of Africa due to its height and large area.
 The Piracicaba River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Tietê River which it joins in the reservoir created by Barra Bonita Dam. There is also another Piracicaba river in the state of Minas Gerais named after the one from São Paulo state since the early colonizers of Minas Gerais largely came from São Paulo.
 The Ewigschneehorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located between the valleys of the Unterar and Gauli Glacier east of the Schreckhorn. It has an elevation of 3329 metres above sea level. The mountain is entirely surrounded by glaciers.
 The Inangahua River is located in the northwest of New Zealand’s South Island. It is a major tributary of the Buller River which it joins at the town of Inangahua Junction.The Inangahua flows northwest for 35 kilometres turning north after it passes through the town of Reefton.
 The Col de Peyresourde (Occitan: Còth de Pèira Sorda) is a mountain pass in the central Pyrenees on the border of the department of Haute-Garonne and Hautes-Pyrénées in France. It is situated on the D618 road between Bagnères de Luchon and Arreau.
 The Goești River is a tributary of the Albeşti River in Romania.
 Sommerkahl is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Sourdough Glacier is in the Wind River Range Bridger-Teton National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Sourdough Glacier is in the Bridger Wilderness and is part of the largest grouping of glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains. The glacier extends from the north slope of Klondike Peak at an elevation range of 12800 to 11800 ft (3900 to 3600 m) and flows into a proglacial lake.
 Viinijärvi is a rather large lake in Northern Karelia region in Finland. It belongs to Vuoksi main catchment area. Viinijärvi is the 36th biggest lake in Finland. There are municipalities Polvijärvi Outokumpu and Liperi in the area.
 The Negrișoara River is a tributary of the Sebiș River in Romania.
 Mt. Kinka (金華山 Kinka-zan) also known as Kinkazan is located in the heart of the city of Gifu Gifu Prefecture Japan and rises to a height of 329 m (1079 ft). Previously called Mt. Inaba (稲葉山 Inaba-yama) it has long served as the representative symbol of Gifu. It stands along the Nagara River creating bountiful nature within the city. Though it is the most famous mountain in the city Mount Dodo to the north is the tallest.
 Shahi River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Bhervi village. Its basin has a maximum length of 38 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 163 km2.
 León Jiwata (Spanish león lion (here referring to the puma) Aymara jiwata dead dead lion hispanicized spelling León Jihuata) is a mountain in the Bolivian Andes about 5680 metres (18635 ft) high. It lies in the Kimsa Cruz mountain range between the mountain Yaypuri in the north west and Jach'a Khunu Qullu in the south east south east of Mount San Enrique. It is situated in the La Paz Department Inquisivi Province Quime Municipality.
 The Pașcania River is a tributary of the Bahluieț River in Romania.
 This article is about the lake in Dumfries and Galloway Scotland. For other uses see Lochinvar (disambiguation) and Lochinver.Lochinvar (or Lan Var) is a loch in the civil parish of Dalry in Dumfries and Galloway south-west Scotland. It is located in the Galloway Hills around 3.5 miles (5.6 km) north-east of St. John's Town of Dalry. The loch formerly had an island on which stood Lochinvar Castle seat of the Gordon family.
 Gastineau Channel is a channel between the mainland of the U.S. state of Alaska and Douglas Island in the Alexander Archipelago of southeastern Alaska. It separates Juneau on the mainland side from Douglas (now part of Juneau) on Douglas Island. The first European to sight the channel was Joseph Whidbey early in August 1794 first from the south and later from the west.
 Mount Arrowsmith (76°46′S 162°18′E) in Antarctica is a jagged rock peak near Mount Perseverance 2 miles (3.2 km) along a ridge running northeast from that mountain and a like distance east of Mount Whitcombe in Victoria Land.
 Guayaques Lake is a lake in the Eduardo Avaroa Andean Fauna National Reserve of the Potosí Department Bolivia. Its surface area is 1.43 km².
 This article is about Rattlesnake Mountain a summit in central Connecticut. For other landforms by the same name see Rattlesnake MountainRattlesnake Mountain is a traprock mountain 750 feet (230 m) above sea level located 9 miles (14 km) southwest of Hartford Connecticut in the town of Farmington.
 Juan de Bolas Mountain in Saint Catherine Jamaica (some sources say Clarendon) is named after Juan de Bolas the first Chief of the Jamaican Maroons.
 Selset Reservoir is a reservoir in County Durham England. It is situated in the Lune Valley which is a side valley of the River Tees about 5 miles (8 km) west of Middleton-in-Teesdale. It supplies water for Teesdale and is owned by Northumbrian Water. It was built in 1960 and its main use (apart from water supply) is sailing.
 The Pruzhonka River (Russian: Пружёнка) is a river in Moscow Oblast Russia. It is a left tributary of the Vorya River. It is 33 km in length. Source about the village of Petrovskoye Shchyolkovsky District of Moscow Oblast. Flows all over on the south and south-east entering the Vorya near the village of Mizinovo.
 Espin is a lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon just beyond the northeastern limb. It lies to the west-southwest of the larger crater Seyfert and northwest of Deutsch.This is a worn formation with heavy damage along the northern rim. Several small craters lie along the northern edge and a crater lies across the southern rim. The northern part of the interior floor is somewhat irregular but it is more level to the south.
 Valerik (Russian: Валери́к Chechen: Валарта/Valargthe) is a little river in Chechnya a tributary of the Sunzha. The river's lower stream becomes dry in summer.
 Željeznica is a river in Bar municipality of Montenegro. In Šušanj it flows into Adriatic sea. It is a perennial river which has tributaries from mountains Small Rumija and Sutorman. When Montenegrin army captured Bar from the Ottoman Empire in 1878 the Berlin Congress set the border between Austria-Hungary and Kingdom of Montenegro at the river Željeznica.
 Little Haystack Mountain is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain is a peak on the Franconia Range of the White Mountains.
 Mount Polis is a 6216 feet (1895 m) mountain peak located on the borders of the provinces of Ifugao and Mountain Province in the Philippines. It ranks as the third highest mountain in Ifugao province and the 124th highest mountain in PhilippinesIn December of 1899 Emilio Aguinaldo President of the First Philippine Republic passed through a pass on the mountain en route from Tirad Pass to Abra province while fleeing American forces during the Philippine-American War.
 Stone Man Pass elevation 12506 ft (3812 m) is a mountain pass that crosses the Continental Divide in Rocky Mountain National Park in Colorado in the United States.
 Galdakao Crater is a topographic depression in the Aeolis quadrangle of Mars located at 13.5° South and 183.5° West. It is 35 km in diameter and was named after Galdakao a town in Basque Country northern Spain.
 Harker's Run (or Harkers Run as shown on federal maps) is a stream originating in Preble County Ohio USA. Harker's Run drains into Four Mile Creek on the eastern edge of the campus of Miami University in Oxford just north of where the Trenton Oxford Road crosses Four Mile/Talawanda Creek. The stream flows roughly from north to south and is approximately 5.5 miles (8.9 km) in total length. The elevation at the mouth of the stream is 775 feet (236 m) above sea level.
 The Second River is a 6.3-mile-long (10.1 km) tributary of the Middle Branch Escanaba River in Michigan.
 Kunka (Aymara and Quechua for throat gullet neck voice hispanicized spelling Cunca) is a mountain in the La Raya mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is situated at the La Raya Pass and the road and rail which connect Cusco with Lake Titicaca. It is located in the Cusco Region Canas Province Layo District and in the Puno Region Melgar Province Santa Rosa District and about 5200 metres (17060 ft) high. Kunka lies southwest of the mountains Yana Khuchilla and Chimpulla.
 Falketind (Dovre) is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Buckskin Mountains of Arizona are a mountain range in west-central Arizona USA. The range lies just east of the north-south Colorado River and borders south of the east-west west-flowing Bill Williams River.The range is part of a three-range sequence of mildly arc-shaped ranges and two intermountain valleys in the Maria fold and thrust belt a region in western Arizona and southeast Southern California with the Colorado River flowing south through the western part of the belt.
 Feni River (Bengali: ফেনী নদী Feni Nodi) is a river in the Indian state of Tripura and southeastern Bangladesh. It is a trans-boundary river with an on-going dispute. But recently India Bangladesh finalised deal on Teesta Feni river waters course of the river Feni River originates in South Tripura district and flows through Sabroom town and then enters Bangladesh. Muhuri River also called Little Feni from Noakhali District joins it near its mouth.
 Mount No More is a mountain in Warren County New Jersey. The summit rises to 1150 feet (351 m) and is located in White Township. It is part of the New York–New Jersey Highlands of the Appalachian Mountains.
 Llikllamayu (Quechua lliklla a rectangular shoulder cloth mayu river hispanicized spelling Legiamayo) is a river in Peru located in the Ancash Region Carhuaz Province Marcará District. It originates in the Cordillera Blanca west of the mountains Qupa and Lliklla near the lake Llikllaqucha. It is a right tributary of the Santa River. The confluence is near Marcará.
 The Cima di Broglio is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located east of Cevio in the canton of Ticino. It lies south of Monte Zucchero on the range between the Valle Maggia and the Valle Verzasca.
 The Inde is a small river in Belgium and Germany left tributary of the Rur. It has its source near Raeren in Eastern Belgium runs through Aachen-Kornelimünster Eschweiler and Inden and flows into the river Rur near Jülich. Because of lignite opencast mining it has been diverted in 2003 near to Inden-Lamersdorf.The brooks Omerbach Otterbach Saubach Vichtbach and Wehebach flow into the Inde.Its name is of Celtic origin: Inda.
 Langer Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Sarandib Planitia is a region of relatively un-cratered terrain on Saturn's moon Enceladus. It is located at 4.4° North Latitude 298.0° West Longitude and is approximately 200 km across. From Voyager images Sarandib Planitia is considered part of either the ridged plains unit (Kargel and Pozio 1996) or smooth plains unit (Rothery 1999) of Enceladus thought to be the youngest terrain on Enceladus.
 Krutynia is a river of Masurian Lake District in Poland a tributary of the Pisa. The Kurtynia is one of the most famous waterways repeatedly referred to the most beautiful canoe trail in Europe. Current of the river with numerous bends is actually slow. Width of the river reaches 30–40 meters and depth is from 15-25 to 3–7 meters.
 Elkhorn Mountain is mountain in Clark County Washington. The highest point of Elkhorn Mountain is at 2228 feet (679 m). It rises northeast of Vancouver Washington.
 Lake Blackshear is a man-made lake on the Flint River in Georgia created by a dam that was constructed from 1925 to 1930.The Crisp County Power Dam also known as the Warwick Dam was the first county owned constructed and operated power dam in the United States requiring an amendment to the Georgia State Constitution to make the project legally possible.
 The Lauterach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Coxcomb Mountains are located in Riverside County California where the higher Mojave Desert and lower elevation Colorado Desert region of the Sonoran Desert ecosystems and habitats meet. The Coxcomb range is within the eastern section of Joshua Tree National Park east of the Eagle Mountains north of Interstate 10 and southeast of the Sheep Hole Mountains and east of Twentynine Palms.
 The Preto River (Bahia Atlantic Ocean) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Lake Gregory also known as the Isis Balancing Storage or simply as The Duckpond is a small impoundment between Bundaberg and Childers in Queensland Australia. It is 2 square kilometres in area with an average depth of 3.1 m and holds just over 6000 ML.
 The Blackhoof River is a 26.3-mile-long (42.3 km) tributary of the Nemadji River in Carlton County Minnesota United States flowing via the Nemadji River to Lake Superior.
 The Aabach is a 14 km long river in Germany a left tributary of the river Afte. It rises near the village Madfeld part of the town Brilon in eastern North Rhine-Westphalia near the border with Hesse. From there it flows north between up to 503 m high mountains through a wonderful forested landscape partly in the natural park Diemelsee. After a few kilometers it flows into the artificial lake Aabachstausee.
 Tetu Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 The Oanțul River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Tihuleț River is a tributary of the Tihul River in Romania.
 Lago di Monate is a lake in the Province of Varese Lombardy Italy. At an elevation of 266 m its surface area is 2.5 km².
 The Old Tejon Pass (orig. Tejon Pass) is a mountain pass in the Tehachapi Mountains linking Southern and Central California. The pass is located in Kern County California fifteen miles to the northeast of the present Tejon Pass. It runs at the top of a divide between a point about 5 miles east of the Rancho Tejon boundary in Tejon Creek Canyon and Cottonwood Creek Canyon north of Antelope Valley.
 The Vizăuți River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 Cordilleras Creek is a 3.8-mile-long (6.1 km) northward-flowing stream originating in the Pulgas Ridge Open Space Preserve in the foothills of the Santa Cruz Mountains. It forms the border between San Carlos and Redwood City in San Mateo County California United States before entering Smith Slough where its waters course to Steinberger Slough and thence to San Francisco Bay.
 The Andi Koysu (Russian: Андийское Койсу - Andiyskoye Koysu Georgian: ანდის ყოისუ - Andis Qoisu) is a river in Georgia and Dagestan (Russia). It starts at the confluence of the rivers Pirikiti Alazani and Tushetis Alazani near Omalo in the Tusheti region of Georgia. It is 144 km long (192 km including its longest source river Tushetis Alazani) and its basin area is 4810 km2. At its confluence with the Avar Koysu near the village Gimry in central Dagestan it forms the river Sulak.
 Helfenberger Bach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Zomandao is a river of 283 km length in the regions of Haute Matsiatra and Ihorombe in central-southern Madagascar. It takes it sources in the Andringitra Massif at the Boby Peak the 2nd highest peak of Madagascar to flow down the Zomandao plaine. It is one of the main tributary of the Mangoky river.It forms also some waterfalls the Riandahy Falls and Rianbavy Falls.
 The Dumitra River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Lake Tekapo is the second-largest of three roughly parallel lakes running north–south along the northern edge of the Mackenzie Basin in the South Island of New Zealand (the others are Lake Pukaki and Lake Ohau). It covers an area of 83 square kilometres (32 sq mi) and is at an altitude of 700 metres (2300 ft) above sea level.The lake is fed at its northern end by the braided Godley River which has its source in the Southern Alps to the north.
 The Creuse (Occitan: Cruesa) is a 264 km long river in western France a tributary of the river Vienne. Its source is in the Plateau de Millevaches a north-western extension of the Massif Central.
 The Rio Pedro is a river of Jamaica.
 The Fan Darya is a river in Ayni District of Sughd Province Tajikistan. The Fan Darya is 24 kilometres (15 mi) long and the area of its drainage basin is 3230 square kilometres (1250 sq mi). It is a major left tributary of the Zeravshan River.The Fan Darya is formed in the village of Zarafshan between the Zarafshan and Gissar Ranges from the Yaghnob River which flows west from the Yaghnob Valley and the Iskander Darya River which has its source in Lake Iskanderkul and flows east.
 The Cărpinei River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 Moyuta is a stratovolcano in southern Guatemala. It is located near the town of Moyuta in Santa Rosa Department and is situated at the southern edge of the Jaltapagua fault. The volcano has an elevation of 1662 m and its summit is formed by three andesitic lava domes. The slopes of the volcano complex have numerous cinder cones.
 Redrock Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Mount Wilbur is west of Redrock Lake. Prior to entering Redrock Lake Swiftcurrent Creek tumbles over Redrock Falls which can be reached after an easy 1.8 miles (2.9 km) hike by way of the Swiftcurrent Pass Trail.
 Ljusnan (from Old Norse: Lusn — light) is a river in Sweden which is 440 kilometers long. The river starts in northwestern Härjedalen and then continues throughout the province into Hälsingland all the way to the Bothnian Sea. The biggest tributary is Voxnan. The river is heavily used for hydropower with 18 hydro powerplants. During 2001 Ljusnan produced 45 TWh.
 Hassan is an impact crater on the southern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Hassan was first observed in Cassini images during that mission's March 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 31.3° South Latitude 188.5° West Longitude and is 14.5 kilometers across. Numerous criss-crossing fractures cut across Hassan breaking up the regolith on the crater floor.Hassan is named after the main character from the tale Hassan of Bassorah from The Book of One Thousand and One Nights.
 The Río Nahualate is a river in southwest Guatemala. Its sources are located in the Sierra Madre range in the vicinity of Santa Catarina Ixtahuacán and Nahualá (Sololá). From there it flows southwards through the coastal lowlands of Suchitepéquez and Escuintla to the Pacific Ocean.The Nahualate river basin covers a territory of 1941 km2.
 Röllbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Saltonstall is a long narrow lake located in south-central Connecticut. It covers an area of approximately 0.66 square miles (1.7 km2) and is nestled in the center of the trap rock Saltonstall Mountain. The lake is surrounded by forest and serves as part of the local water supply for surrounding towns.The lake and the area around it is owned by the South Central Connecticut Regional Water Authority a company which also regulates fishing and rents boats.
 Monte Rua is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 416 metres. No one has reported climbing or hiking to Monte Rua summit
 The Valea Lazului River is a tributary of the Mara River in Romania.
 Nhill is a Martian impact crater 22 kilometers in diameter. It is located at 29°S 103.4°W southwest of the crater Llanesco and northwest of the crater Dinorwic. It is named after a town in Victoria Australia and its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1991. According to a surface age map of Mars based on US Geological Survey data the area around Nhill is from the Noachian epoch which places the area's age at 3.8 to 3.5 billion years ago.
 The Xaparu River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 The Corniș River is a tributary of the Moraviţa River in Romania.
 Buckbarrow is a small fell in the English Lake District overlooking the western end of Wastwater. It is featured in Alfred Wainwright’s Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells and is given a height of 1410 ft approximately; however the Ordnance Survey and other guide books now give an altitude of 423 m (1388 ft). The fell's name means The hill of the buck or goat. It is derived either from the Old English word bucc meaning buck or the Old Norse word bokki meaning a male goat.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Verehia River in Romania.
 The Chucunaque River is a river of Panama. It is a tributary of the Tuira River in the Darién Province. It is the longest river in Panama.
 The Ichoa River is a river of Bolivia.
 The River Tolka (Irish: An Tulcha the flood) is one of Dublin's three main rivers flowing from County Meath to Fingal within the old County Dublin and through the north of Dublin city Ireland (the other main rivers are the Liffey and the Dodder). By flow of water the Tolka is the second largest river in Dublin following the Liffey but runs more slowly than the Dodder.
 George W. Andrews Lake is an U.S. Army Corps of Engineers lake 29 miles south of Walter F. George Lake and north of Lake Seminole. The lake is very riverine in nature but is noted for good fishing. The purpose of the dam is for river navigation via the lock at George W. Andrews Dam. There is no hydroelectric generation at this location. The lake is named for George W. Andrews.
 Hunugalagala Limestone Cave is a Limestone cave which is located in Haldummulla Badulla District of Sri Lanka. It is believed that rock formation has been formed through million years ago. The cave and surrounding area has been used between 5000 to 4000 years.
 The Goat's Hair Twin Caves are in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Lake Cadibarrawirracanna is a salt lake in central South Australia. It is located in the northeastern portion of the Woomera Prohibited Area east of the Stuart Highway. Lake Cadibarrawirracanna meaning stars dancing on water is the second longest official place name in Australia.
 Pinantan Lake is a small community located about 20 minutes out of Kamloops BC. It is home to a general store a resort a small school and about 500 residents.The lake itself is actually two parts usually referred to as Big Pinantan and Little Pinantan. It is a small lake that only allows electric motors. The name Pinantan means shoe or moccasin in traditional Aboriginal language. It was named this because its shape resembles a moccasin.
 The Burnt River is a 98-mile-long (158 km) tributary of the Snake River in eastern Oregon United States. It enters the Snake near Huntington Oregon at a point upstream of the Powder River and downstream of the Malheur River slightly more than 327 miles (526 km) from the Snake's confluence with the Columbia River.
 The Izvorul Căldării River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.[citation needed]
 Mount Kaba (加波山 Kaba-san) is a [709 m (2326 ft)] mountain located within the borders of Suigo-Tsukuba Quasi-National Park Japan.
 Lincoln Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Lincoln Lake is .25 miles (0.40 km) downstream from Lake Ellen Wilson but sits more than 1300 feet (400 m) lower in elevation. A series of cascades including Beaver Chief Falls can be found between the two lakes.
 The Pârâul Ursului is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 Alatsee is a meromictic lake in Ostallgäu Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 868.0 m its surface area is 12.00 ha. This lake supposedly holds Hitler's gold. Many divers have died or disappeared mysteriously in this lake due to the toxicity of the organisms living in this lake. These organisms create the blood cloud  that occurs quite abundantly throughout the year.
 Berne is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Enchanted Rock (16710 Ranch Rd 965 Fredericksburg TX) is an enormous pink granite pluton rock formation located in the Llano Uplift approximately 15 miles (24 km) north of Fredericksburg Texas USA and 15 miles (24 km) south of Llano Texas. Enchanted Rock State Natural Area which includes Enchanted Rock and surrounding land spans the border between Gillespie County and Llano County south of the Llano River.
 Knarreviksundet is a sound between Litlesotra in Fjell and Drotningsvik in Bergen Norway. The Sotra Bridge crosses Knarreviksundet.
 The Afon Llyfnant (English: River Llyfnant) near Eglwys Fach in Ceredigion Wales is a tributary of the Dyfi estuary. The river reaches the hill walk of Uwch Garreg then plunges over the waterfalls known as Pistyll y Llyn into the ravine that opens to the Dyfi estuary. Red Kite are noted for circling the area. The Cambrian Coast Line from Shrewsbury crosses the Llyfnant into Ceredigion after Dyfi Junction.
 Situated in the Ódáðahraun lava field Trölladyngja is the biggest of the Icelandic shield volcanoes reaching a height of 1468 metres (4816 ft) above sea level and rising almost 600 metres above the surrounding desert and lava fields.It is about 10 kilometres in diameter and its inclination is 4 to 5° in the lower slopes but 6 to 8° at higher elevations.
 The Kamnik Bistrica (Slovene: Kamniška Bistrica) is an Alpine river in northern Slovenia a left tributary of the Sava River. It springs from the Kamnik Alps (part of the Southern Limestone Alps) near the border with Austria. It is 33 kilometres (21 mi) long. The Kamnik Bistrica flows through the town of Kamnik where it is fed by the Nevljica River. It flows into the Sava in Dol pri Ljubljani about 10 km east of Ljubljana.
 Unternberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Straßbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Slate River is a 48.8-mile-long (78.5 km) tributary of the James River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It rises about 10 miles (16 km) northeast of Appomattox and flows northeast past Buckingham eventually reaching the James River near Bremo Bluff. The river's course is entirely within Buckingham County.
 The Tristelhorn (also known as Piz da Sterls) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of St. Gallen and Graubünden. Reaching a height of 3114 metres above sea level it is one of the highest summits in the canton of St. Gallen.The Tristelhorn is located west of the Ringelspitz on the range separating the Calfeisen valley (St. Gallen) from the Rhine valley near Flims (Graubünden).
 The Dillon River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand. It arises in the Inland Kaikoura Range near Carters Saddle and flows south-west for 28 kilometres to join with the upper Clarence River 20 kilometres northeast of Hanmer Springs. The river's course lies largely parallel with that of the Acheron River which lies eight kilometres to the west. The river was named after Constantine Augustus Dillon who owned a sheep run near the Omaka River.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Crasna River. It originates in Romania near the village of Foieni crosses into Hungary north of Urziceni and finally joins the Crasna River.
 Laksjøen is a lake in Lierne municipality in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. It has a surface area of 19.2 square kilometres (7.4 sq mi). The administrative center of Lierne Sandvika lies on the northern shore of the lake. The lake is fed by the lake Sandsjøen to the east and the water exits the lake in the north and later joins the river Sanddøla which later joins the river Namsen.
 The Western Hills (Chinese: 北京西山; pinyin: běijīng xīshān) refers to the hills and mountains in the western part of Beijing.
 The Mogoșu River is a tributary of the Vidruţa in Romania.
 The Soła is a river in southern Poland a right tributary of the Vistula.Soła originates in the Western Beskids mountain range near the border with Slovakia. It is made up of the confluence of several small creeks at the village of Rajcza. It runs downhill northeastwards to the towns of Żywiec and Kęty forming the border between the Silesian and the Żywiec Beskids.
 Eoraesan is a mountain of Chungcheongbuk-do South Korea. It has an elevation of 1063 metres
 Lake Freeman is a reservoir outside of Monticello Indiana formed in 1925 by the completion of the Oakdale Dam. Lake Freeman together with its sister lake Lake Shafer is part of the Twin Lakes region a popular summer recreational area centered around the town of Monticello Indiana. Construction of the Oakdale Dam began in 1923 and was completed in 1925 damming the waters of the Tippecanoe River.
 The Jgheboasa River is a tributary of the Ribița River in Romania.
 Kuntur Nasa (Aymara kunturi condornasa nose nose of a condor hispanicized spelling Condor Nasa) is a mountain in the Andes in Bolivia about 3.800 m (12467 ft) high. It is located in the Cordillera de los Frailes in the Potosí Department Tomás Frías Province Yocalla Municipality Kuntur Nasa lies south west of the higher Pari Chata at the river Pillku Mayu (red river).
 The Râușorul is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 Sutai (Mongolian: Сутай) also Sutay Uul is a mountain between Govi-Altai Province and Khovd Province in western Mongolia. It is the highest mountain of the Gobi-Altai Mountains with an elevation of 4220 metres (13845 ft).
 Ider River (Mongolian: Идэр гол lit. youthful river) is a river in the Khövsgöl and Zavkhan aimags in northwestern Mongolia and is together with the Delgermörön river one of the sources of the Selenge river. The source is in the Khangai range the confluence with the Delgermörön is in Tömörbulag. The river is frozen 170-180 nights per year. There is a wooden bridge which was built in 1940 near Jargalant and a concrete bridge in Galt.
 The Gârla Sirețel is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Deokgasan (Chungcheongbuk-do) is a mountain of Chungcheongbuk-do South Korea. It has an altitude of 858 metres
 Rampelsberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Ryōhaku Mountains (両白山地 Ryōhaku Sanchi) are a mountain range spanning Gifu Toyama Ishikawa Fukui and Shiga prefectures in Japan. It is divided into the Kaetsu Mountains (加越山地 Kaetsu Sanchi) whose major peak is Mount Haku and the Etsumi Mountains (越美山地 Etsumi Sanchi) whose major peak is Mount Nōgōhaku. The range derives its name from the two major peaks which both have haku in their names. Most of the Ryōhaku Mountains are within Hakusan National Park.
 The Vlășinescu River is a tributary of the Runcu River in Romania.
 The Puriștoaca River or Poliștoaca River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Skillings River is a 7-mile-long (11 km) tidal river in Hancock County Maine flowing to Frenchman Bay. For most of its length it forms the boundary between the towns of Hancock and Lamoine.
 The Smoothwater River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north to reach the Tasman Sea three kilometres west of the western end of Jackson Bay.
 Hamel is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 A glacier (US /ˈɡleɪʃər/ GLAY-shər) or (UK /ˈɡlæsiə/) is a persistent body of dense ice that is constantly moving under its own weight; it forms where the accumulation of snow exceeds its ablation (melting and sublimation) over many years often centuries. Glaciers slowly deform and flow due to stresses induced by their weight creating crevasses seracs and other distinguishing features.
 Munt Cotschen is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies on the range lying between the Val Chamuera (above Chamues-ch in Graubünden) and the Livigno valley (Lombardy.
 The Little Nestucca River is a river approximately 20 miles (32 km) long on the Pacific coast of northwest Oregon in the United States. It drains an area of the Central Oregon Coast Range west of the Willamette Valley.It rises in the Van Duzer State Forest in northwestern Polk County in the mountains west of Salem. It flows generally northwest through the Siuslaw National Forest and enters Nestucca Bay on the Pacific near Pacific City. The Little Nestucca River crosses under the U.S.
 The Csako River is a tributary of the Zalău River in Romania.
 The Neves-Stausee is a reservoir in the Mühlwaldertal in South Tyrol Italy. It belongs to the municipality of Mühlwald.
 The Marca River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 The Mashpee River is a 4.8-mile-long (7.7 km) tidal river on Cape Cod in Mashpee Massachusetts.The river arises in Mashpee and Wakeby Ponds flows south a short distance and drains into Pirate's Cove on Popponesset Bay on the Nantucket Sound. Conservation efforts began in 1915 or earlier and much of the surrounding region is now part of the Mashpee River Reservation owned and conserved by the nonprofit Trustees of Reservations.
 Frog Lake (Guysborough) is a lake of Guysborough District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Johnson Creek is a 25-mile (40 km) tributary of the Willamette River in the Portland metropolitan area of the U.S. state of Oregon. Part of the drainage basin of the Columbia River its watershed consists of 54 square miles (140 km2) of mostly urban land occupied by about 175000 people as of 2006.
 Amenthes Fossae is a trough in the Amenthes quadrangle of Mars located at 9.07 N and 102.68 E. It is 850 km across and was named after a classic albedo feature. The classic albedo feature was based on the Egyptian name for a place where souls of the dead go. The name Amenthes Fossae was approved in 1976.
 Minam Lake is a high-elevation reservoir in the Eagle Cap Wilderness of the Wallowa Mountains in the U.S. state of Oregon. The unusual reservoir a modified natural lake has outlets on both its north and south ends. The south outlet drains to the Minam River and the north outlet is the source of the Lostine River.A natural lake at this spot had only a south outlet.
 Mount Karasuba (烏場山 Karasuba-yama) is a mountain of modest height on the border of thecities Minamibōsō and Kamogawa in Chiba Prefecture Japan reaching an elevation of 266.6 m (875 ft). It is one of themountains of the Mineoka Mountain District of the Bōsō Hill Range. The kanji for Mount Karasuba 烏 and 場 mean 'crow' and 'place' respectively. The mountain became a popular hiking destination after the construction of a hiking trail in 1975.
 The Nucet River is a tributary of the Chiojdeanca River in Romania.
 Tshibinda is a volcano in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It has a prominence of 1460 metres (4790 ft). It last erupted during the Holocene period.
 The Uailan River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Loch Ryan (Gaelic: Loch Rìoghaine pronounced [ɫ̪ɔx r̴iː.ɛɲə]) is a Scottish sea loch that acts as an important natural harbour for shipping providing calm waters for ferries operating between Scotland and Northern Ireland. The town of Stranraer is the largest settlement on its shores with ferries to and from Northern Ireland operating from Cairnryan further north on the loch.
 The Hazel Brook also known as the Hen is a tributary of the River Trym in Bristol England. It rises at Cribbs Causeway in South Gloucestershire. From there its course takes it south passing the western end of Filton Aerodrome on its left bank through Brentry and Henbury before dropping through a steep limestone gorge in the Blaise Castle estate. It continues south through two lakes before joining the Trym at Coombe Dingle.
 Langdon Lake is reservoir located in the Umatilla National Forest of Northeastern Oregon United States. It is an impoundment of Morning Creekand the source of Lookingglass Creek a tributary of the Grande Ronde River.Surrounding the lake is the small community of Tollgate. The lake is privately owned but a campground is nearby.
 Smrk is a massif and a mountain in the Moravian-Silesian Beskids range in the Czech Republic. With a height of 1276 m (4186 ft) it is the second highest summit of the range after Lysá hora. Its Northern slope steeply rises from the surrounding lowlands and is separated from the rest of the mountains by the deep Ostravice River (in the East) and Čeladenka (in the West) river valleys; in the South it merges in the lower Zadní hory (i.e.
 Lake Punrun is a lake in Peru.
 Orrevatnet is a lake in the municipality of Klepp in Rogaland county Norway.
 Bieszczady [bʲɛˈʂt͡ʂadɨ] is a mountain range that runs from the extreme south-east of Poland through Ukraine and Slovakia. It forms the western part of the Eastern Beskids (Beskidy Wschodnie) and is more generally part of the Outer Eastern Carpathians.
 The Turburea River is a tributary of the Limpedea River in Romania.
 Meramec Caverns is the collective name for a 4.6-mile (7.4 km) cavern system in the Ozarks near Stanton Missouri. The caverns were formed from the erosion of large limestone deposits over millions of years. Pre-Columbian Native American artifacts have been found in the caverns. Currently the cavern system is a tourist attraction with more than fifty billboards along Interstate 44 and is considered one of the primary attractions along former U.S. Highway 66.
 The Crușov River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Clark Lake is the second largest lake in Door County Wisconsin. Fish species enzootic to the lake include bluegill brook trout largemouth bass northern pike smallmouth bass and walleye. The nearest town is Jacksonport.
 The Râul Tocilelor is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania. The river starts at the junction of headwaters Tocila Mare and Tocila Mică
 Chicabal Lake is a Guatemalan lake sacred to the Mam Mayan people. The lake is located in the municipal boundary of the town of San Martín Sacatepéquez in the department of Quetzaltenango. A crater lake Laguna Chicabal was formed in the crater of Volcán Chicabal at an elevation of 2712 meters (8879 feet).
 Aalbek (Hemmelsdorfer See) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Afon Crafnant (English: River Crafnant) is a tributary of the River Conwy (Afon Conwy in Welsh) which is the main river of the Conwy valley in north-west Wales. It flows from picturesque Llyn Crafnant joining the river Conwy at Trefriw. It is about 2.5 miles (4.0 km) in length.The Afon Crafnant itself has a tributary the river Geirionydd which flows from Llyn Geirionydd. These two join a little below the former Klondyke Mill which used water from both rivers.
 The Tismana River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania. The 4 km. long reach of the river upstream of the Tismana Monastery is also known as Dorna River.
 The Vacacaí River (Portuguese pronunciation: [vakakaˈi]) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Palmeiras River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Poana River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Pasłęka (Ger. Passarge) – a long river of the Baltic coast flowing over 160 km (100 miles) in northern Poland.
 Apollodorus is an impact crater on Mercury. It is located near the center of Pantheon Fossae which is a system of radial grabens situated in the inner part of the Caloris basin.
 Mount Gould is a mountain in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park in Tasmania Australia. It is the eleventh highest mountain in Tasmania. It is a major feature of the national park and is a popular venue with bushwalkers and mountain climbers.
 The Waikare River is a river in the Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand' North Island. It flows north from its origins between the peaks of Matawhio and Papakai north of Lake Waikaremoana to reach the Whakatane River 25 kilometres east of Murupara.
 Mount Erciyes (Turkish: Erciyes Dağı; derived from the ancient Greek name Ἀργαῖος Argaeos; Latinized as Argaeus by the ancient Romans) is a massive stratovolcano located 25 km to the south of Kayseri in Turkey. Erciyes is the highest mountain in central Anatolia located within the ancient region of Cappadocia with its summit reaching 3916 metres (12848 ft).
 The Eyre is a coastal river that flows through the Moors of Gascony in Aquitaine Southwest France.The river is generally presented as the confluence of: the Grande Leyre (Large Leyre) its principal course upstream from Moustey the Petite Leyre (Small Leyre) its main tributary.Note that Leyre is a variant of the name Eyre affected by an agglutination of the Romance article.
 Monte Argentera is a mountain in the Maritime Alps in the province of Cuneo Piedmont northern Italy. With an elevation of 3297 metres (10817 ft) it is the highest peak in the range.The peak is located in the upper Valle Gesso on the boundary between the municipalities of Entracque and Valdieri. Geologically it is formed by gneiss of various composition with local outcrops of granite.
 Mount Baden-Powell is a peak in the San Gabriel Mountains of California named for the founder of the World Scouting Movement Lord Baden-Powell. It was officially recognized by the USGS at a dedication ceremony in 1931.It was originally known as East Twin or North Baldy.At 9407 feet (2867 m) in elevation Mount Baden-Powell is the 4th highest peak of the San Gabriel Range Mount San Antonio or Old Baldy being the highest at 10064 feet (3068 m).
 Hanging Rock is a natural sandstone rock formation overhanging the Wabash River in Wabash County Illinois in the United States. The rock formation is north of the town of Mount Carmel Illinois and located on land originally purchased by Thomas S. Hinde. The formation was formed while the glaciers melted and carved the landscapes of North America. The Native Americans were the first group of people to settle around Hanging Rock.
 The Jeleșel River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Thorne and Hatfield Moors Peat Canals were a series of canals in South Yorkshire and Lincolnshire England which were used to carry cut peat from Thorne and Hatfield Moors to points where it could be processed or exported. There were two phases to the canals the first of which lasted from the 1630s until the 1830s when coal imported on the Stainforth and Keadby Canal reduced the demand for peat as a fuel.
 The Tișovița River is a tributary of the Danube River in Romania.
 The Gropu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Kahiltna Glacier is the longest glacier of the Alaska Range in the U.S. state of Alaska. It starts on the southwest slope of Mount McKinley near Kahiltna Pass (elevation 10320 ft (3150 m)). Its main channel runs almost due south between Mount Foraker to the west and Mount Hunter to the east. The name was first reported as Car-ilt-nu Glacier by Alaska Range explorer Lt. J.S. Herron in 1902. An alternate name is Kagheltnu Li'a.
 Crescent Lake Pensacola (or the Brent Bayou Lakes) Is a reservoir in Pensacola Florida that was built for the Crescent Lake Apartments in honor of its golf course.
 The Walkerszeller Bach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 Lost River begins and ends in a closed basin in northern California and southwestern Oregon in the United States. The river 60 miles (97 km) long flows in an arc from Clear Lake Reservoir in Modoc County California through Klamath County Oregon to Tule Lake in Siskiyou County. About 46 miles (74 km) of Lost River are in Oregon and 14 miles (23 km) are in California.From its source the river flows into Langell Valley where Miller Creek enters from the right.
 The Pointe de Zinal is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of Zinal in the canton of Valais. It is situated east of the Dent Blanche between the valleys of Zinal and Zmutt (Zermatt).
 The Cascade River is a river of the South Island of New Zealand. It flows north for 30 kilometres from its source in Mount Aspiring National Park in the Southern Alps forming a deep valley between the Olivine Range and Red Hills Range. From the end of this valley it turns west to cross a low-lying swampy floodplain before entering the Tasman Sea close to Cascade Point a headland halfway between Big Bay and Jackson Bay.
 Taesŏngsan is a mountain in Taesong-guyok Pyongyang North Korea. It has an elevation of 270 metres. One popular visitor attraction on Taesŏngsan is the outdoor ice rink. Others include the Revolutionary Martyrs' Cemetery and the Korea Central Zoo.
 The Valea lui Ivan River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 The South Branch Marsh River is a 3.0-mile-long (4.8 km) tidal river in the towns of Prospect and Frankfort in Waldo County Maine. It joins the North Branch Marsh River to form Marsh Bay a short arm of the tidal Penobscot River.The South Branch forms in the town of Prospect at the confluence of Colson Stream and Carley Brook and flows north to its confluence with the North Branch.
 The Celac River is a tributary of the Câlneș River in Romania.
 For other mountains by this name see Mount Columbia.Mount Columbia is a mountain in the Collegiate Peaks Wilderness in Chaffee County Colorado United States. At 14077 feet it is one of Colorado's fourteeners. Along with nearby Mount Harvard Mount Yale Mount Princeton and Mount Oxford Mount Columbia is one of the five Collegiate Peaks; it is named for Columbia University.
 The Orojus is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 4.2 kilometres.
 Zipper Creek is a river in the City and Borough of Juneau Alaska United States. Located 19 miles (31 km) northeast of the city of Juneau its origin is in the Brassiere Hills. It flows southward past Taku Glacier and ends at the head of Taku Inlet.The stream's name was reported by David A. Brew and Arthur B. Ford of the United States Geological Survey in 1965; it was entered into the Geographic Names Information System on March 31 1981.
 Mount Bandai (磐梯山 Bandai-san) also known as Aizu-Bandai-san (会津磐梯山) Aizu-Fuji (会津富士) and Aizu-ne (会津嶺) is a stratovolcano in Fukushima Prefecture Japan.In a major eruption on July 15 1888 the north and east parts of the caldera collapsed in a massive landslide forming two lakes Hibara-ko and Onogawa-ko as well as several minor lakes called Goshiki-numa or the 'Five Coloured Lakes'.The lake district formed by this cataclysm became known variously as Urabandai or Bandai-kōgen and has become a tourist destination.This last eruption was particularly tremendous and completely reshaped its vicinity. 
 Ofenberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Abbot is a small lunar impact crater that lies on the rugged ground between the Mare Fecunditatis in the south and west and the Mare Crisium to the north. It is a circular crater with a cup-shaped interior. The inner walls slope downward to the midpoint and no impacts of significant mark the interior or the rim.Abbot is named after the American astrophysicist Charles Greeley Abbot. It was designated Apollonius K before being given its name by the IAU.
 Stony Creek is a moderate sized river in north-central California in the United States and is a tributary of the Sacramento River. It is 65.6 miles (105.6 km) long and its watershed encompasses 773 square miles (2000 km2). The stream rises in the eastern foothills of the California Coast Ranges and flows generally northeast to where it drains into the Sacramento near Hamilton City in the middle of the Sacramento Valley.
 The Gârla Pinului is a tributary of the Bălăneasa River in Romania.
 The Roșia Mare River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
 The Obârșia Nucșorii River or Cheagu River is a tributary of the Sibişel in Romania.
 Mount Loomis is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after Loomis F.V.W.
 Klyuchevskaya Sopka (Russian: Ключевская сопка; also known as Kliuchevskoi Russian: Ключевской) is a stratovolcano the highest mountain on the Kamchatka Peninsula of Russia and the highest active volcano of Eurasia. Its steep symmetrical cone towers about 100 kilometres (60 mi) from the Bering Sea.
 The Chipamanu River is a river of Bolivia and Brazil. The river flows through the community of Piçarreira.
 The Mohakatino River is a northern river located in the Taranki region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally west from its origins west of Ohura roughly paralleling the course of its northerly neighbour the larger Mokau River. The Mohakatino reaches the Tasman Sea three kilometres south of Mokau.
 Lake Bracciano (Italian: Lago di Bracciano) is a lake of volcanic origin in the Italian region of Lazio 32 km (20 mi) northwest of Rome. It is the second largest lake in the region (second only to Lake Bolsena) and one of the major lakes of Italy. It has a circular perimeter of approximately 32 km (20 mi).The lake owes its origin to intense volcanic activity from 600000 to 40000 years before present which created many small volcanoes in the Sabatino territory.
 Lepa Gora (Serbian Cyrillic: Лепа гора) is a mountain in southern Serbia near the town of Kuršumlija. Its highest peak Crna čuka has an elevation of 1196 meters above sea level.
 Rocca la Meja is a mountain in the Cottian Alps in the comune of Canosio Piedmont northern Italy. It has an altitude of 2831 m and it is located in the Maira Valley.Of pyramidal shape it is mostly composed of dolostone-like limestone and stands in a plateau known as Meja-Gardetta.
 Wingan Inlet is an inlet within the Croajingolong National Park in the East Gippsland region of Victoria Australia.
 This is an article about the river in Poland. For a river in Romania see Şopot River (Romania).Sopot is a small river in Poland. It originates near the Majdan Sopocki village and flows through Roztocze hills passing through villages of Ciotusza Stara Nowiny Hamernia and Osuchy. It is a tributary of Tanew.The river flows through the Polish Landscape Park of Puszcza Solska and the Czartowe Pole nature preserve.
 Mount Breitenbach at 12140 feet (3700 m) above sea level is the fifth highest peak in Idaho and the fourth highest in the Lost River Range. The peak is located in Salmon-Challis National Forest in Custer County. It is 2.0 mi (3.2 km) east of Mount Church its line parent 1.4 mi (2.3 km) east of Donaldson Peak 0.85 mi (1.37 km) southeast of No Regret Peak and 1.8 mi (2.9 km) north of Lost River Peak.
 Stac Rhos is a top of Pen y Boncyn Trefeilw in north east Wales. It forms a part of the Berwyn range called the Hirnantau. The views from the summit are extensive if unremarkable due to the featureless flat moorland surroundings. The summit is marked by a small cairn and a boundary stone. To the east is Cyrniau Nod while Cefn Gwyntog is to the south-east.
 The Rosario River is a river of Argentina.
 Mount Paris (68°59′S 70°50′W) is a conspicuous mountain about 2800 m 4 nautical miles (7 km) southeast of Mount Bayonne situated in the northern portion of Alexander Island Antarctica. The mountain was first mapped by the French Antarctic Expedition 1908–10 under Charcot who named it for the French capital Paris.
 Puget Sound /ˈpjuːdʒɪt/ is a sound in the U.S. state of Washington an inlet of the Pacific Ocean and part of the Salish Sea. It is a complex estuarine system of interconnected marine waterways and basins with one major and one minor connection to the Strait of Juan de Fuca and the open Pacific Ocean — Admiralty Inlet being the major connection and Deception Pass being the minor.
 The Pârâul Cărbunarilor is a tributary of the Pădureni River in Romania.
 The Titiwangsa Mountains (Malay: Banjaran Titiwangsa; بنجرن تيتيوڠسا) also known as Banjaran Besar (Main Range) by locals are the main mountain range that forms the backbone of the Malay Peninsula. The northern section of the range is in Southern Thailand where it is known as Sankalakhiri Range (Thai: เทือกเขาสันกาลาคีรี IPA: [sǎn.kaːlaːkʰiːriː]).The range acts as a natural divider dividing Peninsular Malaysia as well as southernmost Thailand into East and West Coast regions.
 Little Fish Lake is a lake in Alberta. It is located 43 km east from Drumheller in Little Fish Lake Provincial Park.
 Riffe Lake is a 23.5 mi (38 km) long reservoir on the Cowlitz River in the U.S. state of Washington. Originally named Davisson Lake it was created in 1968 with the construction of Mossyrock Dam. The lake was renamed in 1976 after the community of Riffe which was inundated by the lake.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Viezurata River in Romania.
 Schambach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Seehügel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 {Roßberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.|Roßberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.de:Roßberg (Hinterland)}
 Lej Nair (literally black lake in Romansh) is a small lake on Bernina Pass in the canton of Grisons Switzerland. It is located near the summit of the pass between Lago Bianco (white lake) and Lej Pitschen (small lake). While Lago Bianco drains to the Adriatic Sea Lej Nair and Lej Pitschen are part of the basin of the Inn River draining into the Black Sea.
 The Jalan River is a river in Honduras.
 Pic de Sanfonts (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈpiɡ də səmˈfɔns] locally: [ˈpiɡ de samˈfɔns]) is a mountain in the Pyrenees on the border of Spain and northwest Andorra. The nearest town is Arinsal La Massana. It is a subpeak of and 1.2 km southwest of Coma Pedrosa (2942 m) the highest mountain in Andorra.
 Three Mile Lake is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Barbeau Peak is a mountain in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. Located on Ellesmere Island within Quttinirpaaq National Park it is the highest mountain in Nunavut and the Canadian Arctic. The mountain was named in 1969 for Dr.
 The Valea Cășii River is a tributary of the Ciban River in Romania.
 The Valea Ursului River is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 Saddleback Mountain is a mountain located in Piscataquis County Maine.Saddleback Mountain stands within the watershed of the Pleasant River which drains into the Penobscot River and then into Penobscot Bay. The northeast end of Saddleback Mountain drains from Crater Pond into South Inlet Brook then into B Pond Guernsey Brook and the East Branch of the Pleasant River.
 Knockster Tief is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Hirschenstein is a mountain in the Saxon Ore Mountains. It lies about 4 kilometres west of Schneeberg. On the summit is an historic trig point set up as part of the Royal Saxon Triangulation Network.
 Brandon Hill (Irish: Cnoc Bhréanail) is the highest mountain in County Kilkenny Ireland. It has an elevation of 515 m (1690 ft). It is situated 4 kilometers South-South West of Graiguenamanagh 7 kilometers east of Inistioge and 11 kilometers east of Thomastown in the south of County Kilkenny. Brandon Hill is in the barony of Gowran and in the province of Leinster.
 Mount Petrie is a small mountain in the south east of the city of Brisbane. The 170 metre rise sometimes referred to as Petrie Hill elevates semi-rural residential parts in the suburbs of Mackenzie and Burbank.The mountain was named after Andrew Petrie Superintendent of Works Moreton Bay Colony who climbed it to get his bearings when lost in the bush in the company of the Commandant of Moreton Bay Colony Major Cotton in 1838.
 The Nong Han (Thai: หนองหาน pronounced [nɔ̌ːŋ hǎːn]) is a lake in the northeast of Thailand located northeast of the provincial capital town of Sakon Nakhon. The lake covers an area of 125.2 km² and is the largest natural lake of northeast Thailand.The main river feeding the lake is the Nam Pung which originates in the Phu Phan mountains south of the lake. The outflow of the lake is the Huai Nam Khan to the southeast which mouths into the Mekong.
 Crystal Lake is a lake in Burnsville Dakota County Minnesota The lake is a primary source of recreation for the city of Burnsville and the surrounding area. Crystal Beach Park Crystal Lake West Park and Tyacke Park all have coastline along the lake and offer amenities such as boat landings picnic areas hard surfaced courts playground equipment walking trails and others. Nearby Lac Lavon Lake Park has a softball complex tennis courts and horseshoe courts.
 The Nzhelele River is a major watercourse in Limpopo Province South Africa. The river's catchment area comprises 2436 square kilometers.
 Mount Temple is a mountain in Banff National Park of the Canadian Rockies of Alberta Canada. Mt. Temple is located in the Bow River Valley between Paradise Creek and Moraine Creek and is the highest peak in the Lake Louise area. The peak dominates the western landscape along the Trans-Canada Highway from Castle Junction to Lake Louise.
 Mount Zulia (or Losolia) is in the Karamoja region in the northeast of Uganda Africa in the Kidepo Valley National Park.
 The Stöberhai is a mountain the Harz highlands in Central Germany immediately south of the Oder Dam and northwest of Wieda. At a height of 720 m above sea level it is the highest mountain in the South Harz. The origin of the name is uncertain but it is suggested that a charcoal burner called Stöber may have had his charcoal store (Hai) here.
 Gries Pass (2469 m.) (Italian: Passo del Gries German: Griespass) is a mountain pass between 	Valais Switzerland and Formazza Italy. There is no road over the pass from Nufenen Pass the paved road ends and a bridle path leads over to the Italian side. A high pressure gas pipeline runs over the pass coming from the North Sea to Italy.
 Ala-Kintaus is a rather small lake of Finland. It belongs to the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in municipality of Petäjävesi in the region of Central Finland. It is a part of Jämsä catchment area.
 Four Mile Run is a 9.4-mile-long (15.1 km) stream in northern Virginia that starts near Interstate 66 at Gordon Avenue in Fairfax County and proceeds southeast through Falls Church to Arlington County in the U.S. state of Virginia.
 The Eastern Beskids (Slovak: Východné Beskydy; in Polish considered part of the Western Beskids Beskidy Zachodnie) is a set of mountain ranges spanning the northern Slovakian and southern Polish border. Traditionally the Eastern Beskids are considered part of the Beskid Mountains a term that differs according to historical and linguistic heritage. Geologically the Eastern Beskids are part of the Outer Western Carpathians.
 The Fourche Creek watershed is arguably the most important urban watershed in the state of Arkansas in the United States for ecological economic and social reasons.Tributaries to Fourche Creek include Fourche Bayou Rock Creek Otter Creek Brodie Creek Crooked Creek and Panther Creek as well as several smaller streams.The watershed drains and filters runoff from Little Rock Arkansas’ capital city and drains into Fourche Creek.
 Lake of Egypt is a reservoir in the Little Egypt region of the U.S. state of Illinois. It is located six miles (10 km) south of Marion Illinois and covers 2300 acres (9 km²) with 90 miles (140 km) of shoreline. The lake has an average depth of 18 feet (5.5 m) with a maximum depth of 52 feet (16 m) .
 Cerro Catedral is a mountain located 19 kilometres (12 mi) from San Carlos de Bariloche and inside the Nahuel Huapí National Park Patagonia Argentina. The mountain holds one of the biggest ski centers in South America with a skiable area of 2 km2 (0.77 sq mi) over 100 km (62 mi) of ski runs and a lift capacity of 22200 skiers per hour. It is also very popular due to the magnificent view of the Nahuel Huapi lake.
 The Capivara River (Santa Tereza River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Ihle is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Mu River (Burmese: မူးမြစ်; MLCTS: mu: mrac; IPA: [mú mjɪʔ]) is a river in upper central Myanmar (Burma) and a tributary of the country's chief river the Ayeyarwady. It drains the Kabaw valley and part of the Dry Zone between the Ayeyarwady to the east and its largest tributary Chindwin River to the west flows directly north to south for about 275 km (171 mi) and enters the Ayeyarwady west of Sagaing near Myinmu.Its catchment area above the Kabo weir is 12355 square kilometres (4770 sq mi).
 Dom na Smrekovcu (1377 m) is mountain hut on southern slope of Smrekovško pogorje in Kamnik-Savinja Alps. First hut was built in 1933 during World War II it was burnt down. New hut was built in 1951 enlarged in 1976-77 and named Dom na Smrekovcu
 Hich'apita (Quechua hispanicized spelling Jechapita) is a volcano in the Andes of Peru about 3388 metres (11115 ft) high. It is situated in the Valley of the Volcanoes in the Arequipa Region Castilla Province Andagua District. Hich'apita lies west of the Chachas Lake and north-west of the volcano Ch'illkayuq Grande and south of the volcano Ch'illkayuq.
 Canumã River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Vodnic River is a tributary of the Gelug River in Romania
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 Comox Lake is a freshwater lake located in mid-Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. It is located in the Comox Valley in the near Cumberland British Columbia and about 10km southwest of Courtenay. The lake is a reservoir for drinking water and for hydroelectric power.
 Yukamani (hispanicized spellings Yucamane Yucamani) is an andesitic stratovolcano group in southern Peru. It is located in the Tacna Region Candarave Province Candarave District west of the lake Wilaquta.The group is mostly Holocene in age. During the Holocene Yukamani has shown signs of Plinian eruptions which produced pyroclastic flowss. The most recent of these events occurred around 1320 BC.
 The playa de Los Lances (English: Beach of Los Lances) is a beach that forms one side of the town of Tarifa in the region of Campo de Gibraltar in Andalusia Spain.The beach is 7250 metres (23790 ft) long from Punta de la Peña to Punta de Tarifa with an average width of 120 metres (390 ft).
 Austfonna is an ice cap located on Nordaustlandet in the Svalbard archipelago in Norway.
 So-Bahli-Alhi Glacier is in Snoqualmie National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington on the north slopes of Whitehorse Mountain. Meaning lofty lady from the east in Native American language So-Bahli-Alhi Glacier is along a climbing route to the summit of Whitehorse Mountain.
 The Cuila River is a tributary of the Ruda River in Romania.
 Lake Altus-Lugert also known as Lake Altus and Lake Lugert is a reservoir located 17 miles (27 km) north of Altus Oklahoma on the former site of the town of Lugert Oklahoma. The lake is used for fishing boating swimming and irrigation. However toxic blooms of golden algae killed off nearly all adult fish early in 2013 making it currently unsuitable for fishing.
 The Valea Copilului River is a tributary of the Valea cu Apă in Argeş County Romania.
 Storglomvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Meløy in Nordland county Norway. It is about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southeast of the village of Glomfjord on the northeast edge of the Svartisen glacier. Storglomvatnet is a reservoir that serves the Svartisen power plant. The lake is part of a large watershed system. The lake is regulated at a height of 460 to 585 metres (1509 to 1919 ft) above sea level. This lake is also known as Grandma's lake to some locals.
 The Río Blanco (Bolivia) is a river of Bolivia.
 Crum Creek (from the Dutch meaning crooked creek) is a creek in Delaware County and Chester County Pennsylvania flowing approximately 24 miles (39 km) generally in a southward direction and draining into the Delaware River in Eddystone Pennsylvania. It begins in a swamp (formerly a lake dammed out) near Newtown Square Pennsylvania along which several mills were established in the 19th century.
 Koetoi River (声問川 Koetoi-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Corinth Canal (Greek: Διώρυγα της Κορίνθου Dhioryga tis Korinthou) is a canal that connects the Gulf of Corinth with the Saronic Gulf in the Aegean Sea. It cuts through the narrow Isthmus of Corinth and separates the Peloponnese from the Greek mainland thus effectively making the former peninsula an island. The builders dug the canal through the Isthmus at sea level; no locks are employed.
 The Chiri River (Bengali: চিরি নদী) is a river in the northern part of Bangladesh. It passes through Joypurhat District in the Rajshahi Division.
 The Dracu River is a tributary of the Baleia River in Romania.
 The Hohes Licht at 2651 metres is the second highest mountain in the Allgäu Alps after the Großer Krottenkopf. Its summit lies in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
 The Celei River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Serra dels Pesells is a mountain chain located near the southern end of the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range between Bot and Arenys de Lledó.The ridge's highest point is 5413 m. This smooth range runs in a NNE - SSW direction and divides the basins of the Canaletes and Algars rivers. It is one of the isolated hills of the Catalan Central Depression and it is located at its southwestern end.Currently wind turbines are being built on top of the Serra dels Pesells ridge.
 The Salisbury and Southampton Canal was intended to be a 13-mile long canal in southern England from Redbridge now a western suburb of Southampton at the head of Southampton Water to Salisbury connecting with the Andover Canal at a junction near Mottisfont. Another section through Southampton was to connect via a tunnel to the River Itchen.
 The Mangawharariki River is a river of the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from the Ruahine Range to meet the Rangitikei River at Mangaweka.
 The Rubim do Norte River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Brunswick River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.The river rises in the Darling Range then flows south-west discharging into the Collie River near Australind.The river was named in 1830 by Lieutenant-Governor James Stirling after Ernest Augustus I Duke of Brunswick and Lüneburg and King of Hanover the fifth son and eighth child of George III. Over a period of 5 days in December 1813 while in command of H. M.
 The Pyramidenspitze is a peak 1998 metres (6555 ft) high in the Kaisergebirge in the Austrian state of Tyrol.
 Khojak Pass (el. 7513 ft) connects Qila Abdullah with Chaman in the province of Baluchistan Pakistan. The road through the pass connects the larger cities of Quetta Pakistan and Kandahar Afghanistan. Khojak railroad tunnel 5.2 kilometre long (3.2 miles). Small forts to defend pass on each hill top.
 The Franklin River a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment is located in the South Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Baker Peak at 10174 feet (3101 m) above sea level is the fifth highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. Located in Sawtooth National Forest on the border of Blaine and Camas counties Baker Peak is about 1.5 miles (2400 m) east of Big Peak and 1.45 mi (2.33 km) south of Backdrop Peak. It is the 407th highest peak in Idaho.
 Schweinskopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Lembert Dome is a granite dome rock formation in Yosemite National Park in the U.S. state of California The dome soars 800 feet (240 m) above Tuolumne Meadows and the Tuolumne River and can be hiked starting at the Tioga Road in the heart of Tuolumne Meadows 8 miles (13 km) west of the Tioga Pass Entrance to Yosemite National Park.Lembert Dome was named for Jean Baptiste Lembert sometimes mistakenly referred to as John Lambert who took up a homestead in a section of Tuolumne Meadows in 1865.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Dronne is a 201 km long river in southwestern France right tributary of the Isle River. Its source is in the north-western Massif Central east of the town of Châlus (south-west of Limoges) at an elevation of 510 m.
 Lekhziri Glacier (Georgian: ლეხზირი) is a valley glacier located on the southern slopes of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range in the Svaneti Region of Georgia. The length of the glacier is 11.5 kilometres (7.1 mi) and its surface area is 33.4 square kilometres (12.9 sq mi). The tongue of the glacier descends down to 1950 metres (6400 ft) above sea level. Lekhziri consists of three separate glaciers; North East and West Lekhziri.
 The Hezil Suyu (or Hezil Çayı or the Nizil river in Turkish language suyu means water of) is a river in south-eastern Turkey in the Eastern Anatolia Region which flows entirely in the Şırnak Province and is the natural border between Turkey and Iraq. Just before it forms the border it is dammed by the Silopi Dam.
 One Eye Peak is a mountain located at Princess Louisa Inlet. One Eye Peak is part of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia Canada. When Thomas F. Hamilton build his resort called the Malibu Club at the entrance of Princess Louisa Inlet he named the mountain after himself - Mt. Hamilton. The mountain is typically referred to by its an English title of a Sechelt First Nation translation TUHK-OHSS referring to Old One Eye and is the protector of the inlet.
 Papststein is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Perch Creek is a 37.3-mile-long (60.0 km) tributary of the Watonwan River in southern Minnesota United States. Via the Watonwan Blue Earth and Minnesota rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 Oksunbong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 286 metres.
 The Kungsbacka Fjord (Swedish: Kungsbackafjorden) is a fjord and a nature reserve in Halland County western Sweden. The fjord is about 10 km long. It is delimited to the west by the Onsala Peninsula and to the east by the parish of Fjärås.
 Mull Hill (Manx: Cronk Meayll; also called Meayll Hill or The Mull) is a small hill at the southern end of the Isle of Man just outside the village of Cregneash. It is the site of a chambered cairn called Mull Circle or Meayll Circle. Near the summit of the hill also lie the remains of a World War II Chain Home Low RDF station.Mull Hill Stone Circle represents a unique archaeological monument.
 Glane is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Curico River is a river of Bolivia.
 Šatorsko Lake or Šatorsko Jezero is a lake in the western regions of Bosnia and Herzegovina at 1488 m a.s.l. below Šator mountain (1872 m) in the Dinaric Alps.The lake has glacial origin and is 250 m long and 120 m wide. Deepest point is 6 m. Summer temperature is 17°C while the source on the shore which feeds it has 6°C. Few hundred metres to the north is Bulino Vrelo spring which is believed by the local population to have healing power.
 The Annapurna Sanctuary is “high glacial basin lying forty km directly north of Pokhara. This oval-shaped plateau sits at an altitude of over 4000 metres and is surrounded by a ring of mountains the Annapurna range most of which are over 7000 metres. With the only entrance a narrow pass between the peaks of Hiunchuli and Machapuchare where run-off from glaciers drain into Modi Khola River the Sanctuary was not penetrated by outsiders until 1956.
 Ylä-Rieveli (also called Ylä-Rääveli) is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is a lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. Ylä-Rieveli is located in the regions Southern Savonia and Päijänne Tavastia. It is connected with another lake Enonvesi with Pirtinsalmi strait.
 The Ōi River (大井川 Ōi-gawa) is a river in Shizuoka Prefecture Japan.
 Bashful Peak is a mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska located in Chugach State Park. At 8005 feet (2440 m) Bashful is the highest peak in Chugach State Park and the highest peak in the Municipality of Anchorage. The peak carries snow year-round and several small glaciers hang off of its steep western face.The peak was named in 1958 by members of the Mountaineering Club of Alaska because it is often hidden by other peaks ridges or clouds.
 Mount Melbourne is a massive stratovolcano that makes up the projection of the coast between Wood Bay and Terra Nova Bay in Victoria Land of Antarctica. It was discovered in 1841 by James Clark Ross who named it for Lord Melbourne British Prime Minister when the expedition was being planned.
 Lake Jacomo /dʒəˈkoʊmoʊ/ is a 970-acre (3.9 km2) freshwater reservoir located near Blue Springs in Jackson County Missouri. The lake’s name is a syllabic abbreviation for Jackson County MO (Missouri).The lake is located in the 7809-acre (32 km2) Fleming Park which is managed by Jackson County Parks and Recreation. The idea for the lake began in 1932. The Presiding Judge of Jackson County Harry S. Truman requested that a study be done for a potential park.
 Fischbach (Asdorf) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Othain is a 67 km (42 mi) long river in the Meurthe-et-Moselle and Meuse départements northeastern France. Its source is at Gondrecourt-Aix in the Woëvre. It flows generally northwest. It is a left tributary of the Chiers into which it flows between Villécloye and Montmédy.
 The Grande Rochère is a mountain of the Italian Pennine Alps located north of Morgex in the Aosta Valley. Reaching a height of 3326 metres above sea level it is the culminating point of the group lying between the Col Ferret and the Great St. Bernard Pass.
 Taylor Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Beaver River is a river in Durham Region in Central Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and is a tributary of Lake Simcoe. The river's drainage basin is mostly in Durham Region with the remaining portion in the city of Kawartha Lakes; the entire watershed is under the auspices of the Lake Simcoe Region Conservation Authority.
 The Little Manistee River is a 64.6-mile-long (104.0 km) tributary of the Manistee River in Michigan. It rises in the southeast corner of Ellsworth Township in Lake County and flows west-northwest to its mouth at the southeast end of Manistee Lake in Manistee County.
 Schwarzbach (Bergisches Land) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Moldeelva (Molde River) runs through Moldemarka and through the city of Molde in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. Its origins are found at the lake Moldevatnet. It follows Moldedalen (Molde valley) on its way to Moldefjord. The approximately 5-kilometre (3.1 mi) long river is crossed by several bridges.Although the river is minor and seasonal there were several sawmills along its course in the 17th and 18th centuries.
 High Bullough reservoir is the oldest of all the reservoirs in the Rivington chain. Popular with walkers it forms part of the Anglezarke trail although it is also accessible from Manor House. Originally named as Chorley reservoir it has since been disconnected from the rest of the system and today functions as a nature reserve. It no longer produces drinking water for the public.A huge staircase made from timber was created between the reservoir and nearby Manor House.
 Niederelbe is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 The Col de la République or Col de Grand Bois (1161 m (3809 ft)) is a mountain pass in the Pilat massif within the Pilat Regional Natural Park in the Loire department of the Rhône-Alpes region in southern France. Located on the D1082 (ex-RN 82 ) in the commune of Saint-Genest-Malifaux it connects Saint-Étienne with Annonay in the Rhône valley.
 The Balvanyos River is a headwater of the Turia River in Romania.
 Mount Sonder or Rwetyepme its Aboriginal name is the fourth highest mountain in the Northern Territory Australia at 1380 metres above sea level. Mount Zeil is the highest at 1531 metres 27 kilometres to the west. It is 130 km (81 mi) west of Alice Springs along the MacDonnell Ranges in the West MacDonnell National Park. It marks one end of the celebrated Larapinta trail which extends 223 kilometres to Alice Springs.
 Philolaus is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northern part of the Moon's near side. It lies within one crater diameter to the east-southeast of the flooded crater Anaximenes and to the west of the smaller Anaxagoras. It overlies the older and heavily worn Philolaus C to the south.This crater retains a well-defined form that has not changed significantly since it was originally created.
 The Wildhuser Schafberg is a mountain of the Appenzell Alps overlooking Wildhaus in the canton of St. Gallen. It is situated in the massif of the Alpstein on the range west of the Altmann.
 Luboten (Albanian: Luboten Serbian: Ljuboten Macedonian: About this sound Љуботен ) is a peak of the Šar Mountains located at the border between Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia. Its height is 2498 m (8196 ft).
 The Pechora River (Russian: Печо́ра; Komi: Печӧра; Nenets: Санэроˮ яха) is a river in northwest Russia which flows north into the Arctic Ocean on the west side of the Ural Mountains. It lies mostly in the Komi Republic but the northernmost part crosses the Nenets Autonomous Okrug.
 Barbier is a lunar impact crater that is located on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It forms a matched pair with Cyrano to the north-northwest and it lies to the southeast of the huge walled plain Gagarin. Southwest of Barbier is the crater Sierpinski and to the southeast is the Mare Ingenii.The outer rim of Barbier has been eroded somewhat by subsequent impacts particularly at the north end where the wall has been degraded by several small craterlets.
 Tomasee (Romansh: Lai da Tuma or Lag da Toma) is a lake at the northern face of Piz Badus above the village of Tschamut in Grisons Switzerland. Its surface area is 2.5 ha.
 The Păstoaia River is a tributary of the Volovăţ River in Romania.
 Stockton Lake is located in southeastern Cedar County northeastern Dade County and southwestern Polk County Missouri. The lake is 'V' shaped and covers 39 square miles (100 km2) with 298 miles (480 km) of shoreline. It has three marinas and 10 public-use areas. It has a non-development policy and is surrounded by unspoiled tree-covered hills. Its banks are owned and operated by the Army Corps of Engineers.Stockton Lake is one of Missouri's seven major lakes all man-made.
 Mount Yumiori (弓折岳 Yumiori-dake) is a mountain located in the city of Takayama Gifu Japan. It is 2592 m (8504 ft) tall and part of the Hida Mountains.
 The San Salvador River (Uruguay) is a river of Uruguay.
 Roualle is a mountain of Savoie and Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Aravis range. It has an elevation of 2589 metres above sea level.
 Börzsöny (Slovak: Novohradské hory New City Mountains) is a mountain range in Northern Hungary. Its tallest peak is the Csóványos with 938 m (3077 ft).It is the westernmost member of the North Hungarian Mountains which in turn are part of the Inner Western Carpathians. The varied landscape offers good hiking opportunities. A large part of the Börzsöny is national park. From the Csóványos we can see one of the country's most beautiful panorama with the Danube Bend (Dunakanyar).
 The River Wharfe is a river in Yorkshire England. For much of its length it is the county boundary between West Yorkshire and North Yorkshire. The name Wharfe derives from the Old English 'weorf' or Old Norse 'hverfr' and means winding river.The valley of the River Wharfe is known as Wharfedale.
 The Saalhausen Hills (German: Saalhauser Berge) are a range of hills up to 687.7 m above sea level high in the Sauerland region within the districts of Olpe and Hochsauerlandkreis in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia. They are part of the Rhine Massif and lie within the Süderbergland hill country.The hills are named after the village of Saalhausen part of the town of Lennestadt which is located on the southern edge of this forested region.
 Paroo River a series of waterholes connected in wet weather as a running stream of the Darling catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the South West district of Queensland and Far West district of New South Wales Australia.The river rises in the gorge country of western Queensland and flows generally south and spreads into the vast floodplains of New South Wales eventually reaching the Paroo overflow lakes.
 Mount Ritter is located in the Sierra Nevada in Madera County of California in the Western United States. It is in the Ansel Adams Wilderness of the Inyo and Sierra National Forests. Mount Ritter is the 16th highest mountain peak of California.
 MacIntyre Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Q'inqu Mayu (Quechua q'inqu zig-zag mayu river zig-zag river hispanicized spellings Kenko Mayu Khenko Mayu) is a Bolivian river in the Cochabamba Department Chapare Province. Since 1991 it is the eastern border of Tunari National Park.
 The Bratonea River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 Wagensonnriegel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Giona (Greek: Γκιώνα also transliterated as Gkiona pronounced [ˈɟona]) is a mountain in Phocis Central Greece. It is located between the mountains of Parnassus to the east Vardousia to the west and Oeta to the north. Known in classical antiquity as the Aselinon Oros (Greek: Ασέληνον όρος 'moonless mountain') it is the highest mountain south of Olympus and the fifth overall in Greece. Pyramida is its highest peak at 2510 metres (8235 ft).
 The Domesnic River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 The Pfänder is a mountain in western Austria close to Lake Constance (Bodensee). The town of Bregenz lies at the foot of the mountain on the shores of the lake.
 The Pârâul cel Mare is a tributary of the Mureş river in Romania.
 Bhadar River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Jasdan. Its basin has a maximum length of 200 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 7094 square kilometres (2739 sq mi).
 Tule Creek is a river in Texas.
 Siah-Kaman (Persian: سیاه کمان‎ meaning black bow) is a mountain in the Takht-e Suleyman Massif Alborz mountain range north of Iran.Its elevation is 4472 metres (14672 ft).
 The 10-km-long Cerros de Guayaques chain of N-S-trending rhyodacitic lava domes runs across the Chile-Bolivia border about 10 km. east of the Cerro Toco - Purico Complex.
 The Iad River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Windwiesenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Wairahi River is a river of New Zealand's Great Barrier Island. It is the only river (so named) on the island — the island's other watercourses all having names ending is stream. The Wairahi flows generally west roughly paralleling the island's long southwestern shore from its origins north of Whangaparapara Harbour. A walking track from Whangaparapara to Port Fitzroy follows the river for part of its length.
 The Battle Creek River (simply Battle Creek on federal maps) is a river in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is a tributary of the Kalamazoo River joining it at Battle Creek Michigan. The river's drainage basin is approximately 196750 acres (796.2 km2) and covers northern Calhoun County southern Eaton County and southeastern Barry County in southwest Michigan.
 Rio Verde (Portuguese for green river) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Kirchlespitz is a mountain in Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps between Malbun and Steg with a height of 1929 metres (6329 ft).
 The Saxton River is a river in the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South island. It flows south from its sources to the east of the Raglan Range reaching the Acheron River 10 kilometres west of Molesworth Station.
 The Pietriș River is a tributary of the Aiud River in Romania.
 Schelten Pass (French: La Scheulte) (el. 1151 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Jura Mountains between the cantons of Jura and Solothurn in Switzerland.It connects Mervelier and Ramiswil and is the most direct route from Delémont and Balsthal. The pass road has a maximum grade of 12 percent.Many bunkers and fortifications built by the Swiss Army during World War II are still visible on the pass.Hiking paths lead from the pass to Hohe Winde Passwang and Delémont.
 Cerro Romauldo is a 1300 feet (396 m) hill in San Luis Obispo California. The hill is the fifth in a series of volcanic plugs called the Nine Sisters. Until 1964 the hill was officially known as Romualdo Peak.The hill is named for a Chumash man who received the 117-acre (0.47 km2) Rancho Huerta de Romualdo Mexican land grant from Pío Pico the last Mexican Governor of California. Huerta de Romauldo means Romauldo's kitchen garden or orchard in Spanish.
 Balsam Mountain is one of the High Peaks of the Catskill Mountains in the U.S. state of New York. Its exact height has not been determined so the highest contour line 3600 feet (1100 m) is usually given as its elevation. It is located in western Ulster County on the divide between the Hudson and Delaware watersheds. The summit and western slopes of the peak are within the Town of Hardenburgh and its eastern slopes are in Shandaken.
 Buffon is a lunar crater that is located on the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies a crater diameter south of the large walled plain Chebyshev. To the northeast is the crater Langmuir and to the southwest is Leavitt. Buffon lies nearly at the midpoint between these formations.This is a worn and eroded crater formation with a circular rim that can still be traced through the rugged terrain but which is irregular and rounded due to a history of lesser impacts.
 Lagh Doss is a lake at San Bernardino in the Val Mesolcina of the Grisons Switzerland. It is located at an elevation of 1652 m. The site is listed in the Federal Inventory of Raised and Transitional Bogs of National Importance.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Lazul de Jos River is a tributary of the Drăgan river in Romania.
 First Fork South Fork Piney River is a tributary of the South Fork Piney River in Eagle County Colorado. The river flows northeast from a source in the White River National Forest to a confluence with the South Fork Piney River.
 The Lötschenlücke (el. 3164 m.) is a high mountain pass of the Bernese Alps connecting the Lötschental to the valley of the Aletsch Glacier in the canton of Valais. Both sides of the pass are covered by glaciers: the Langgletscher on the west and the Grosser Aletschfirn on the east. The Lötschenlücke lies between the Mittaghorn on the north and the Sattelhorn on the south.The closest settlement is Fafleralp (east of Blatten) in the Lötschental.
 The Monitor Hills are a mountain range in Nye County Nevada.
 Noijin Kangsang (Chinese: 宁金抗沙峰 also Norin Kang or Noijinkangsang) is the highest peak of Lhagoi Kangri mountain range in the Tibet Autonomous Region in China. It lies between the Yarlung Tsangpo River (to the north) Yamdrok Lake (to the east) and the Himalaya mountain range (to the south). Noijin Kangsang was first climbed via the South Face and Southwest Ridge on 28 April 1986 by a Chinese expedition.
 Bogoslof Island or Agasagook Island (Aleut: Aĝasaaĝux̂) is the summit of a largely submarine stratovolcano located in the Bering Sea in the U.S. state of Alaska 31 miles (50 km) behind the main Aleutian volcanic arc. It has a land area of 173 acres (0.70 km2) and is unpopulated. The peak elevation of the island is 490 feet (150 m). It last erupted in 1992. It is 1.76 kilometres (1.09 mi) long and 540 metres (0.34 mi) wide.
 Pitatus is an ancient lunar impact crater located at the southern edge of Mare Nubium. Joined to the northwest rim is the crater Hesiodus and the two are joined by a narrow cleft. To the south lie the attached Wurzelbauer and Gauricus.The complex wall of Pitatus is heavily worn and has been encroached by lava flows. The rim is lowest to the north where the lava almost joins the Mare Nubium. Near the middle is a low central peak that is offset to the northwest of center.
 Czarny Staw pod Rysami (Black Lake below Mount Rysy) is a mountain lake on the Polish side of Mount Rysy in the Tatra mountains. At 1583 m above sea level it overlooks the nearby lake of Morskie Oko. Its maximum depth is 76 m. A walking path circumnavigates the lake and leads up to Mount Rysy or down to Morskie Oko.To get to Czarny Staw from Morskie Oko you must follow the red trail on the Eastern side of Morskie Oko.
 Ougarta Range or Mountains of Ougarta (Arabic: سلاسل الوقارتة‎ French: Chaînes d'Ougarta) are a mountain range in the Saoura area of southwestern Algeria. The range is oriented from northwest to southeast and extends over a length of 250 kilometres (160 mi) to a maximum width of 50 kilometres (31 mi).The highest point of the Ougarta Range is Djebel Bet Touaris (elevation 890 m) located in the extreme northwest of the chain.
 The Carp River is a 1.2-mile-long (1.9 km) stream in the northeast corner of Luce County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It flows west from the outlet of Browns Lake to its mouth on Lake Superior.
 Plaid Loch (NS 485186) was a freshwater loch in the East Ayrshire Council Area now a remnant due to drainage near Sinclairston and 2 miles south-east of Drongan lying in a glacial Kettle Hole Parish of Ochiltree Scotland.
 Duck Creek is a perennial stream and a southern tributary of A'Becketts Creek and part of the Parramatta River catchment in Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Messingåga (Southern Sami: Siejphjohke) is a 8-kilometre (5.0 mi) long river which flows northwards ending up as a tributary to the river Ranelva at Hjartåsen in the small village of Storvoll in the Dunderlandsdal valley in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway.
 The Stewart River is a 533-kilometre (331 mi) tributary of Yukon River in the Yukon Territory of Canada. It originates in the Selwyn Mountains which stand on the border between the Northwest Territories and the Yukon Territory. From there the Stewart flows west past the village of Mayo. The river is crossed by the Klondike Highway at the village of Stewart Crossing and the highway parallels the river westward for about 35 miles (56 km).
 Seneca Creek is a 19.6-mile-long (31.5 km) tributary of the North Fork of the South Branch of the Potomac River located entirely within Pendleton County West Virginia USA.Seneca Creek lies within the Appalachian Mountains in the Spruce Knob-Seneca Rocks National Recreation Area of the Monongahela National Forest. It is formed by two spring-fed streams Slab Camp Run and Trussel Run on the western flanks of Spruce Mountain to the north of Spruce Knob.
 The Aller is a river in northern Spain flowing through the Autonomous Community of Asturias.
 Springe (Schmiech) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Painter's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Carters Brook also known as Carter Brook is a branch of the Heathcote Brook in Mercer County New Jersey in the United States.
 The Alunișu River is a tributary of the Nemțișor River in Romania.
 Liepona (German: Lepone Russian: Lipovka) is a small rivulet that flows for 22.9 km (14.2 mi) on the border of Lithuania – Kaliningrad Oblast Russia. Left tributary to Širvinta Liepona originates in Lithuania near Kylininkai village.
 Cypress Creek (Texas) is a stream that flows from Snake Creek and Mound Creek in Waller County Texas to its mouth at Spring Creek in Harris County Texas. It is part of the Cypress Creek watershed and flows into the west fork of the San Jacinto River watershed- eventually flowing to the Gulf of Mexico.The banks of this creek were a settling location for Germany immigrants in the 1840s. The settlement was later named the city of Cypress Texas.
 Dilolo Lake is the largest lake in Angola. It is located in Moxico Province.
 The Calapooya Mountains are a mountain range in Lane and Douglas counties of southwestern Oregon in the United States. The range runs for approximately 60 miles (97 km) west from the Cascade Range between Eugene on the north and Roseburg on the south.
 The Prihodiștea River is a tributary of the Larga River in Romania.
 The Valea Sucheniței River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Diklosmta (Georgian: დიკლოსმთა) is a peak in the eastern part of the Caucasus Mountains in between border of Chechnya Dagestan and Tusheti region of Georgia on the border with Russia. It is located on the Pirikita Range which lies to the north of the Greater Caucasus Mountain Range. The elevation of the summit is 4285 m (14058 ft) above sea level. The mountain has several glaciers some of which descend deep into the valleys of the Pirikita Range.
 Grimnitzsee is a lake in Landkreis Barnim Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 64 m its surface area is 7.8 km². It is situated in the municipality of Joachimsthal.
 Lake Lansing is a 485-acre (2.0 km2) lake in Haslett Michigan just a few miles northeast of the state's capital city of Lansing.
 Shagany Lagoon (Ukrainian: Шагани Romanian: Şagani Turkish: Çagani Gölü) is a salty lagoon on the Black Sea coast of Ukraine in Tatarbunary Raion of Odessa Oblast. The lagoon is in the complex of Tuzly Lagoons connected with the Alibey Lagoon. The area of the water body is 70 km² salinity is about 30‰. The lagoon is separated from the Black Sea by a sandbar.
 The West Branch Tenmile River is a 5.0-mile-long (8.0 km) tributary of the Tenmile River in western Maine. It is part of the Saco River watershed flowing to the Atlantic Ocean.The West Branch rises near the northern boundary of the town of Porter and flows east entering the town of Hiram just before its mouth at the Tenmile River.
 Drut (Belarusian: Друць [drutsʲ]; Russian: Друть [drutʲ]) is a river in Belarus a right tributary of Dnieper. It originates in the Orsha Upland in the Belarusian Ridge and flows through VitebskMogilev and Homiel provinces of Belarus.Cities of Tolochin and Rogachev are located by Drut.The Chihirin Reservoir on the Druts river has an area of 21.1 km².
 La Luette is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located between the valleys of Bagnes and Hérens in the canton of Valais. It lies just south of Le Pleureur.
 The Horvatca River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Ourauwhare River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is a tributary of the Kaipara River which it meets south of Helensville.
 The Valea Sârbului River is a headwater of the Iarăş River in Romania.
 Asiru Qucha (Aymara asiru snake Quechua qucha lake hispanicized spellings Acero Cocha Acero Khocha Acero Q'ocha) is a Bolivian lake located in the Vacas Municipality Arani Province Cochabamba Department.The main tributaries of Asiru Qucha are Asiru Qucha River Chillawi P'ujru Inka Mayu with Q'asa Mayu Uqullu Mayu and Pisqu Mayu. Its surface area is 5.9 km2 (2.3 sq mi).
 The East Range is a mountain range in the Great Basin region located in Pershing County Nevada .
 The Dospat (Bulgarian: Доспат; Greek: Δεσπάτης Despatis) is a river in the Western Rhodope Mountains the most important tributary of the Mesta.It takes its source from Bulgaria from the 1643-metre-high Rozov vrah (Rose Peak) and flows southeast until Dospat Dam after which it makes a turn southwest to continue generally to the south and flow into the Mesta as a left tributary near the village Mikrokleisoura on Greek territory just south of the Greek-Bulgarian border.
 The Manumuskin River is a 16.3-mile-long (26.2 km) tributary of the Maurice River in Cumberland County New Jersey in the United States.The Manumuskin River flows through a relatively pristine forested area in the southern Pine Barrens of Cumberland County as well as Atlantic white cedar bogs and salt marshes in its lower reaches.
 Muncho Pass (el. 1095 m or 3593 ft) also known as Muncho Lake Pass Drogheda Lake Pass or Muncho-Toad Pass is the northernmost mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains to be traversed by a public highway. Located in Muncho Lake Provincial Park British Columbia Canada the pass links the Toad River and Trout River drainages. The Alaska Highway travels across the pass.
 McCoy Lake is a lake 3.8 miles from Port Alberni.
 Bennet's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Izvoare River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 Zograf Peak (Vrah Zograf \'vr&h zo-'graf\) rises to 1011 metres at the northeastern extremity of the Friesland Ridge in the Tangra Mountains Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. The peak is heavily glaciated and crevassed with precipitous and partly ice-free northern slopes. The peak surmounts Huron Glacier to the north and Shipka Valley to the east and is accessible via the saddle of elevation 975 m linking it to the north rib of Lyaskovets Peak.
 Akkarzhanka is a small steppe river in Ovidiopol Raions of Odessa Oblast Ukraine. The river has origine near the village Dachne inflows to the Sukhyi Estuary in its north-western part near the village Velykodolynske.The length of the river 39 km the watershad area is 160 км2.
 Tionesta Creek is a tributary of the Allegheny River in Forest Clarion Warren McKean and Elk Counties in Pennsylvania in the United States. Together with its West Branch Tionesta Creek is 61.9 miles (99.6 km) long flows generally south and its watershed is 480 square miles (1243 km2) in area.
 The Silagiu River is a tributary of the Șurgani River in Romania. The Silagiu dam is constructed on this river.
 The Varna Mică River is a tributary of the Varna Mare River in Romania.
 Lake Chilwa is the second-largest lake in Malawi after Lake Malawi. It is in eastern Zomba District near the border with Mozambique. Approximately 60 km long and 40 km wide the lake is surrounded by extensive wetlands. There is a large island in the middle of the lake called Chisi Island.The lake has no outlet and the level of water is greatly affected by seasonal rains and summer evaporation. In 1968 the lake disappeared during exceptionally dry weather.
 Hubert Glacier is located on the south side of Mount Olympus in the Olympic Mountains and Olympic National Park. Due to its southern orientation the glacier is smaller than those on the north side of Mount Olympus such as Blue Glacier.Named for Anna Hubert the only female member of the first ascent of Mount Olympus the Hubert Glacier occupies a cirque at the bottom of the headwall with one branch extending to the south up the mountainside.
 The Haparapara River is a river in the Bay of Plenty area of New Zealand. It starts in the Raukumara Range and flows north-west to join the Waikakariki River which exits in the South Pacific Ocean at Omaio Bay 9 km south of Te Kaha.
 Chicoma Mountain (/tʃɨˈkoʊmə/; also spelled Tschicoma or Tchicoma) is the highest point in the Jemez Mountains a prominent mountain range in the U.S. State of New Mexico. The tree line in this area is exceptionally high and the mountain is forested almost all the way to its summit which is conspicuous from the towns of Los Alamos Santa Fe and Española and other areas in the valley of the Rio Grande in northern New Mexico.
 Catalone Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Granite Chief is a mountain located in the Sierra Nevada near Lake Tahoe. The mountain rises to an elevation of 9010 feet (2746 m) and receives consistent heavy snowfall during the winter months.The summit is the highest point in the Granite Chief Wilderness and marks the northwestern boundary of the Squaw Valley Ski Resort.
 The Leland River is a short river in the U.S. state of Michigan. Located in the unincorporated community of Leland the river is 0.9 miles (1.4 km) long and connects Lake Leelanau with Lake Michigan winding past historic Fishtown a dam and two restaurants. The dam was built in 1854 and it raised the water level in the river and in Lake Leelanau as much as 12 feet (3.7 m).
 Guaicupa River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Criva River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Mucum River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Mount Murud or Muru (Malay: Gunung Murud) is a sandstone mountain located in the Malaysian part of Borneo. At 2423 m (7946 ft) it is the highest mountain in the state of Sarawak.The tropical pitcher plant species Nepenthes murudensis is named after the mountain and is thought to be endemic to its summit area.Mount Murud is included within Pulong Tau National Park.
 Seconed Canyon Cone also called Canyon Creek Cone is a cinder cone in the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains in northwestern British Columbia Canada. It is a volcanic feature of the Iskut-Unuk River Cones which is part of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province and formed in the past 10000 years of the Holocene epoch.
 Sholavaram aeri or Sholavaram lake located in Ponneri taluka of Thiruvallur district Tamil Nadu South India is one of the rain-fed reservoirs from where water is drawn for supply to Chennai. On account of scanty rainfall for last three years (2003–05) the lake looks like a small pond now.
 The Dauphiné Alps (French: Alpes du Dauphiné) are a group of mountain ranges in southeastern France west of the main chain of the Alps. Mountain ranges within the Dauphiné Alps include the Massif des Écrins (in the Parc national des Écrins) Belledonne the Taillefer range and the mountains of Matheysine.
 Teepe Pillar (12266 feet (3739 m)) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming immediately south of Grand Teton. The peak is the seventh highest in the Teton Range. Teepe Pillar is separated from Grand Teton by a col which drops sharply to the east and west. Northeast of and well below the summit the Teepe Glacier is situated in a cirque.
 Upper Magpie Lake is a lake in the Lake Superior drainage basin in Algoma District Ontario Canada and the source of the Magpie River. It is about 1.6 kilometres (1.0 mi) long and 0.6 kilometres (0.4 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 420 metres (1378 ft). The primary outflow is the Magpie River which flows into Lake Superior.
 Berste is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Grandes Jorasses (4208 m; 13806 ft) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif. The first ascent of the highest peak of the mountain (Pointe Walker) was by Horace Walker with guides Melchior Anderegg Johann Jaun and Julien Grange on 30 June 1868.
 Yanaphaqcha (Quechua yana black phaqcha waterfall black waterfall hispanicized spelling Yanapaccha) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5460 metres (17913 ft) high. It is situated in the Ancash Region Yungay Province in the districts Yanama and Yungay. Yanaphaqcha lies in the Huascarán National Park south east of the Chakrarahu.
 The Morice Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges located on the west side of Morice Lake in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Tomhicken Creek (also known as Tomhickon Creek) is a stream in Luzerne County and Schuylkill County in Pennsylvania in the United States. It is approximately 11 miles (18 km) long and is the largest tributary of Catawissa Creek. Named tributaries of the creek include Little Crooked Run Little Tomhicken Creek Raccoon Creek and Sugarloaf Creek. The watershed of the main stem has an area of 20.6 square miles. A number of mine tunnels discharge into the creek and its tributaries.
 Glen Rocky Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It is located on the western side of the Rock on the shore not far from the Genista 1 cave.
 The Lupul River is a tributary of the Tazlău River in Romania.
 Annanhead Hill is a 478-metre (1568 ft) summit in the Moffat Hills of Scotland. It lies on the boundary between the Scottish Borders and Dumfries and Galloway 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) north of Moffat in the Southern Uplands.Annanhead is one of four hills encircling the Devil's Beef Tub the headwaters of River Annan.The hill is crossed by Annandale Way hiking trail designated in 2009.
 Beinn Chabhair (Gaelic: Beinn a' Chabhair) is a Scottish mountain. It has fine views down to Loch Lomond.A common approach is from Inverarnan up a steep eroded path beside the dramatic waterfalls of the Ben Glas Burn then finding a vague route across fairly level but very boggy moorland before walking up the hill itself and finding a way around a series of craggy outcrops to the summit.
 The Sunătoarea River is a tributary of the Râoaia River in Romania.
 Serra do Cachimbo (English: Cachimbo Mountains) is a mountain range in Northern Brazil in the southern part of the state of Pará located mostly in the municipalities of Altamira Itaituba Jacareacanga and Novo Progresso.Campo de Provas Brigadeiro Velloso is a large complex of the Brazilian Armed Forces administrated by the Brazilian Air Force located in Serra do Cachimbo. The complex includes the Cachimbo Airport.
 Schläferskopf is a mountain in Hesse Germany.
 The Blockkogel is a mountain in the Geigenkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Ghanim is an impact crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Ghanim was first observed in Cassini images during that mission's February 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 38.5° North Latitude 281.5° West Longitude and is 13.9 kilometers across. The topography of the impact crater appears very subdued suggesting that the crater has undergone significant viscous relaxation since its formation.
 The Neuse River is a river rising in the Piedmont of North Carolina and emptying into Pamlico Sound below New Bern. Its total length is approximately 275 miles (443 km) making it the longest river entirely contained in North Carolina. The Trent River joins it at New Bern. Its drainage basin measuring 5630 square miles (14600 km2) in area also lies entirely inside North Carolina.
 The Silver River is a 31.3-mile-long (50.4 km) stream in the Upper Peninsula in the U.S. state of Michigan. It rises in Houghton County at 46°35′42″N 88°47′56″W and flows mostly northward into the Sturgeon River in Baraga County at 46°48′02″N 88°37′32″W.
 Ammerån is a river in Jämtland Sweden. It is a tributary of Indalsälven.
 Little Swinburne Reservoir is a small reservoir in Northumberland England less than 1 mile (1.6 km) northeast of the A68 road and about 9 miles (14 km) north of Corbridge. The A68 road generally follows the course of Dere Street a Roman road but has deviated at this point a little to the east to facilitate a bridge crossing of the Swin Burn.
 Whitbarrow is a hill in Cumbria England. Designated a biological Site of Special Scientific Interest and National Nature Reserve it forms part of the Morecambe Bay Pavements Special Area of Conservation due to its supporting some of the best European examples of natural limestone habitats.
 The Wallagaraugh River is a perennial river of the Genoa River catchment with its headwaters located in the South Coast region of New South Wales and its lower reaches located in the East Gippsland region of Victoria Australia.
 Lake Limestone is a 13680 acres (55.4 km2)) lake near Thornton Texas [1]. It lies 15 miles (24 km) southeast of Groesbeck Texas on Texas FM 3371 in Leon Robertson and Limestone Counties. The lake's water is slightly alkaline moderately clear with a maximum of 42 feet (13 m) deep. The shoreline is irregular and fish habitat is provided by brush timber and aquatic plants. The controlling authority for the reservoir and the Sterling C.
 Trapper Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Trapper Lake is just northeast of Trapper Mountain and is not on a designated trail. The lake is accessible after a steep climb from the Upper Stehekin River Trail.
 The Valea Ursului River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Water Resources Management (WRM) in Chile is widely known for its 1981 Water Code—written after General Augusto Pinochet took control through a military coup d'état. Free-market mechanisms became the economic philosophy in WRM including the development of water markets and tradable water permits. A major reform to the 1981 Water Code was signed in 2005 to address social equity and environmental protection concerns.
 Paradiskollen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Ourche is a river in the eastern France a left tributary of the Saône. Its valley the Ourche valley is well known.
 The Swan River is a river in the south west of Western Australia. Its Aboriginal Noongar name is the Derbarl Yerrigan.
 Ivö Lake (Swedish: Ivösjön) is the largest and deepest lake of Skåne Sweden located in the municipalities of Kristianstad and Bromölla in the northeastern part of Skåne County. It covers an area of just under 55 km² with a maximum depth of 50 meters.
 The Fața Iarului River or Iaru River or Valea Iarului River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 The Șindrilița River is a tributary of the Pasărea River in Romania.
 Kretzer Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Lhonak River is a tributary of the Teesta River in the Indian state of Sikkim.
 Puncak Mandala (until 1963 Julianatop or Juliana Peak) is a mountain located in Papua Indonesia. At 4760 metres (15617 ft) it is the highest point of the Jayawijaya (Orange) Range. Following Mount Carstensz (4884 m) 350 km to the east Mandala is the second highest freestanding mountain of Oceania Australasia New Guinea and Indonesia.
 Alcott is an impact crater on Venus.
 The Khobi(Georgian: ხობი) or Khori or Khobistskali(ხობისწყალი) is a river in Georgia. It flows into the Black Sea through the Colchis Lowland. Khobi town and Chkhorotsqu town are both situated on the banks of the Khobi river. It is used for irrigation in some areas.The source of water is mainly rain. The mean flow rate (30 km from the mouth) is 44.2 m3/s maximum 333m3/s.
 Lac de Lessoc is a reservoir on the Saane/Sarine river between Lessoc and Montbovon in the Canton of Fribourg Switzerland. The lake's surface area is 20 ha. The Lessoc dam with a height of 33 m was completed in 1976.
 Holy Mount 1968 feet (600 m) is a prominent peak in the Taconic Mountains of western Massachusetts formerly used as the location of religious ceremonies by a nearby Shaker community. The mountain is located in Pittsfield State Forest and is traversed by the 5 mi (8.0 km) loop Shaker Trail which begins at the historic Hancock Shaker Village. The mountain is wooded with northern hardwood tree species.
 Verlorene Kulmke is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Pârâul Sărat is a tributary of the Orășanul River in Romania.
 The Itapicuru-Açu River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Mons Vinogradov is a rugged massif that is located on the lunar mare where Oceanus Procellarum to the southwest joins Mare Imbrium to the east. There are three primary peaks in this formation which rise to altitudes of 1.0–1.4 km above the surface. To the east of this rise is the crater Euler and to the southeast is an area of rugged ground that reaches the Montes Carpatus range.
 The Hochfernerspitze is a mountain in the Zillertal Alps in South Tyrol.
 Strålsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Boroaia River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
 Varresbeck is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lac de Taney (or Lac de Tanay) is a lake in Valais Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.17 km². It can be reached from Vouvry by crossing the Col de Tanay.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Pojaru River is a tributary of the Chiva River in Romania.
 Stein is a mountain in Bavaria Germany.
 Bleesbruck (Luxembourgish: Bleesbréck German: Bleesbrück) is a village in the commune of Bettendorf in eastern Luxembourg. Located nearby is the confluence of the Sauer and the Blees.
 Čikola is a river of 47.8 km in length located in Dalmatia southern Croatia.Čikola river's springs is near the village Čavoglave flows through the city of Drniš and then flows near village of Miljevci into the river of Krka which flows into Adriatic Sea.
 The River Swale is a river in Yorkshire England and a major tributary of the River Ure which itself becomes the River Ouse emptying into the North Sea via the Humber Estuary.The name Swale is from the Anglo-Saxon word Sualuae meaning rapid and liable to deluge. Annual rainfall figures of 1800mm p.a. in the headwaters and 1300mm p.a. in the lower waters over a drop of 148m in 32 km gives proof to its name.
 Monte Gambarogno (1734 m) is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps overlooking Lake Maggiore in the canton of Ticino. It lies on the range between Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano culminating at Monte Tamaro.The summit is a popular vantage point and is easily accessible with a road culminating at the Alpe di Neggia (1395 m).
 The Sawtooth Range is a mountain range in San Diego County California.The range is north west of the Imperial Valley and south of Anza-Borrego Desert State Park in the Colorado Desert.
 Kehlbach (Andelsbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Wishkah River is a tributary of the Chehalis River approximately 40 miles (64 km) long in the U.S. state of Washington. The river drains a remote rural area of approximately 102 square miles (260 km2) in Grays Harbor County along the Washington coast north of Aberdeen. It flows south through Grays Harbor County and empties into the Chehalis at Aberdeen.The name Wishkah is an adaptation of the Chehalis Indian word hwish-kahl meaning stinking water.
 The Pacuí River (São Francisco River) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Mount Dana is a mountain in Washington state in Olympic National Park. It was named in honor of Charles Dana who was an editor of The Sun a New York newspaper.
 The Ursoiu River is a tributary of the Groșeni River in Romania.
 Geyser Pass is a mountain pass in the La Sal Range of Utah. The 10528-foot (3209 m) pass is not named after a geyser but for cattleman Al Geyser who grazed his stock in the area in the 1880s.
 The Gulderstock is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located north of Matt in the canton of Glarus. It lies south of the Magerrain on the range between the valleys of Mülibach and Chrauchtal.
 The Apiai-Guaçu River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Roșia River or Valea Roșie River (Hungarian: Rossia-patak or Remete-patak) is a river in Romania Bihor County tributary of the Crişul Negru River.The river starts at the Roșia karst spring in the Pădurea Craiului Mountains. It flows through the hills of the Beiuş Depression and joins Crişul Negru River near Petrani village. The most important villages on the river are Roşia Remetea and Pocola.
 Taglang La elevation 5328 metres (17480 ft) is a high mountain pass in Ladakh region of the Indian state of Jammu and Kashmir. The elevation in metres which is taken from a local sign is in agreement with SRTM data. The sign incorrectly claims 17582 feet which would be 5359 metres and incorrectly claims the world’s second highest motorable pass.
 Pizzetti is a partly eroded lunar impact crater that lies in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It is located due north of the similar-dimensioned Clark and to the southeast of the large walled plain Milne. Nearly attached to the western rim is the small Tyndall.
 Thatchfield Great Cave is a large cave in Saint Ann Parish near the north coast of Jamaica. Because it is considered to be under threat its exact location is not widely publicised.
 The Borda River is a tributary of the Retiul River in Romania.
 Muskegon Lake is a 4150-acre (16.8 km2) fresh-water lake in Muskegon County Michigan USA. Located in the lower peninsula at the mouth of the Muskegon River Muskegon Lake forms a 12-square-mile (31 km2) broad harbor along the eastern shoreline of Lake Michigan approximately 2.5 miles (4.0 km) wide by 5.5 miles (8.9 km) long.
 The Das Fêmeas River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Ash Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Izvoru River is a tributary of the Galbena de Nord River in Romania.
 The Salgado River (Ceará) is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Laguna Blanca is an ecologic and touristic location of Paraguay that comprehends an agricultural and cattle establishment with a lake that is settled over calcareous sand fact that makes the water completely transparent and apt for diving.
 Hahnenbach (Boye) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Moselotte is a river in Lorraine in the French department of Vosges. It is a direct right tributary of the Moselle and thus a sub-tributary of the Rhine.
 The Melo River is a river of Paraguay.
 Wilhelm is a lunar crater in the southern part of the Moon to the west of the prominent Tycho. Portions of the ray material from Tycho lie across the rim and floor of Wilhelm. Attached to its southern rim is the crater Montanari while Lagalla is attached to the southwest. To the north-northeast is Heinsius.This crater is of the type traditionally termed a walled plain. It has a heavily eroded outer rim that is overlain by several smaller craters.
 The Little Tamarack River is a river of Minnesota.
 Mount Agung or Gunung Agung is a mountain in Bali Indonesia. This stratovolcano is the highest point on the island. It dominates the surrounding area influencing the climate. The clouds come from the west and Agung takes their water so that the west is lush and green while the east dry and barren.The Balinese believe that Mount Agung is a replica of Mount Meru the central axis of the universe. One legend holds that the mountain is a fragment of Meru brought to Bali by the first Hindus.
 Arnfield Reservoir is a man-made lake in Longdendale in north Derbyshire. It was constructed in 1854 as part of the Longdendale chain to supply water from the River Etherow to the urban areas of Greater Manchester. Unlike the other reservoirs in the chain Arnfield and Hollingworth Reservoir are not in the Etherow valley but lie in the valley of tributary brooks to the north and above (Arnfield lies around 1 mile from Bottoms Reservoir in the Longdendale Chain).
 Lycksjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden inside the Tyresta National Park.
 T'akaq (Quechua t'akay to scatter to spread -q a suffix scattered spread / the one that scatters hispanicized spellings Tacacc Tacaj) Takaq (Quechua takay to hit hit / the one that hits) or T'aqaq (Quechua t'aqay to separate separated / the one that separates) is a nearly 4000 metres (13123 ft) high mountain with an archaeological site of the same name in Peru. It is situated in the Huánuco Region Yarowilca Province Chavinillo District near Chavinillo.
 Zelengora is a mountain range in the Sutjeska National Park of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It has a highest altitude of 2014 metres (6608 ft).
 The Lower Pond (Russian: Нижний пруд) is a large artificial pond in northern Kaliningrad Russia. It was known as the Schlossteich while part of Königsberg Germany until 1945.The pond is about one kilometre long north to south. Along its length its width varies between about 50 and 100 metres. The source of the water is from the north. The water eventually drains underground down to the river Pregel to the south. During the winter months the pond can freeze over.
 Woahink Lake (hō’ hingk) extends further below sea level than any other lake dammed by sand dunes along the coast of the U.S. state of Oregon. The lake fills a depression in the Siltcoos River watershed about 3 miles (5 km) from the Pacific Ocean south of Florence along U.S. Route 101. The lowest point of the lake which is up to 74 feet (23 m) deep is about 36 feet (11 m) below sea level. The lake drains south to Siltcoos Lake via Woahink Creek.
 The Kugaryuak River is located in the Canadian Arctic territory of Nunavut in the southwest Kitikmeot Region. It forks into two entities the Western Kugaryuak (67°46′N 114°25′W) and the Eastern Kugaryuak (67°43′N 113°17′W) and flows into Coronation Gulf.Arctic charr abound in the Kugaryuak.
 The Credit River is a small tributary of the Minnesota River 22 miles (35 km) long in the southern Minneapolis-St. Paul metropolitan area in Minnesota in the United States. Via the Minnesota River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 46 square miles (120 km²) in a suburban area.
 Buena Vista Lake is a former fresh-water lake now a dry lake in Kern County California in the Tulare Lake Basin in the southern San Joaquin Valley California.Buena Vista Lake was the second largest of several similar lakes in the Tulare Lake basin and was fed by the waters of the Kern River.
 Brandywine Creek is a 3.0-mile-long (4.8 km) tributary of Quittapahilla Creek in Lebanon County Pennsylvania in the United States.It rises in northeastern Lebanon County and flows southwest through Lebanon through the limestone hill country south of the Appalachian Mountains. It joins Quittapahilla Creek west of the center of Lebanon.
 Barren River Lake is a 10100 acres (41 km2) reservoir in Kentucky created by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers in 1964 by impounding the Barren River. The lake occupies parts of Allen Barren and Monroe counties.The Barren River Lake Dam is an earthen dam 146 feet high and 3970 feet long at its crest. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is responsible for operation and maintenance of the project and responsible for protection of the resource. A small segment of the property owned by the U.S.
 The Vermelho River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Mont Brouillard (4069 m) is a mountain in the Mont Blanc massif in the Val d'Aosta Italy being a satellite peak on the south ridge of Mont Blanc.
 Lily Pond is a lake of Shelburne District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Vartry Reservoir (Irish: Taiscumar Fheartraí) is a reservoir at Roundwood in County Wicklow Ireland. The water is piped from Vartry to a large open service reservoir in Stillorgan in the southern suburbs of Dublin. The reservoir is operated by Dublin City Council.The original (lower) reservoir was completed in 1863 and has a capacity of 11.3 billion litres and a maximum depth of 18.3 metres. A second embankment 3.5 km upstream was completed in 1923 to form the upper reservoir.
 Lake Hamilton and Lake Catherine are a pair of man-made lakes around Hot Springs Arkansas. The two lakes have greatly improved the tourism in Hot Springs. Both Lakes were created by Arkansas Power & Light (now a subsidiary of Entergy).
 Anvil-shaped Raoul Island (Sunday Island) the largest and northernmost of the main Kermadec Islands (located at 29°15′S 177°55′W 900 km (560 mi) SSW of 'Ata Island of Tonga and 1100 km (680 mi) NNE of New Zealand's North Island) has been the source of vigorous volcanic activity during the past several thousand years that was dominated by dacitic explosive eruptions.The area of the island including fringing islets and rocks mainly in the northeast but also a few smaller ones in the southeast is 29.38 km2 (11 sq mi). 
 For the Wash Valley & Range in the same region see Piute Wash Piute Valley & Piute RangeThe Piute Mountains are found in southeastern California in the Mojave Desert. The range crosses Interstate 40 at Mountain Springs Summit 2770 feet above sea level. The mountains are located northeast of the Old Woman Mountains southwest of the Piute Range and east of Fenner Valley which includes the small communities of Essex Goffs and Fenner.
 Mount Leman is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1918 after Leman G.
 The Casele Creek ( Hungarian: Házak-pataka ) is a right tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Llano Uplift is a roughly circular geologic dome of Precambrian rock primarily granite in Central Texas in the United States. It is located in the eastern region of the Edwards Plateau and northern region of the Texas Hill Country.
 The Hăghimaș River or Pârâul Oii is a headwater of the Bicaz River in Romania.
 Benzenbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Kalkach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 The Murga Mică River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Mount Judi (Arabic: الجودي‎ al-Ǧūdī Aramaic: קרדו‎ Qardū Kurdish Cûdî Classical Syriac: ܩܪܕܘ Qardū Turkish: Cudi) according to very Early Christian and Islamic tradition (based on the Qur'an Hud:44) is Noah's apobaterion or Place of Descent the location where the Ark came to rest after the Great Flood.The Quranic tradition is similar to the Judeo-Christian legend.
 The San Juan de Micay River is a river of Colombia. It drains into the Pacific Ocean.
 The Selter is a ridge up to 395 m above NN in the Lower Saxon Hills in the districts of Hildesheim Holzminden and Northeim in the German state of Lower Saxony.
 Balla Balla River is a river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The river rises on the southern side of Yirrakulanna Hills and flows in a north-easterly direction crossing the North West Coastal Highway near the Stranger mine at Whim Creek then finally discharging into Balla Balla harbour near Depuch Island in the Indian Ocean.The river is ephemeral and can be completely dry in the summer months but during periodic flood events the water level can rise over 5.5 metres (18 ft).
 Berau River is a river of Borneo Indonesia.Tributaries include the Kelai River.
 The Klein Fiescherhorn (or Ochs) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps situated east of the Gross Fiescherhorn on the border between the cantons of Berne and Valais in Switzerland.
 The Ganale Dorya River (also transliterated as Genale Dorya) is a perennial river in southeastern Ethiopia. Rising in the mountains east of Aleta Wendo the Ganale flows south and east to join with the Dawa at the border with Somalia to become the Jubba. Tributaries include the Welmel Weyib (also known as Gestro) Dumale Doya Hawas and the Hambala.
 The Râul Ciutei is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
 The Șușița River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Lake Christabel is a small lake in the north of New Zealand's South Island. It is located 12 kilometres southwest of the Lewis Pass. The lake is the source of the Grey River one of the longest rivers on the South Island's West Coast although its outlet is underground. The lake lies behind a landslide dam thought to have been created by a prehistoric earthquake.
 The Auriștea River is a headwater of the Avrig River in Romania.
 Granite Wash is a stream located in Mohave County Arizona north of Bullhead City. The name was collected by the United States Geological Survey between 1976 and 1980 and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on February 8 1980.
 Queen's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Lanalhue Lake (Spanish pronunciation: [laˈnalwe]) is a Chilean lake located in the Arauco Province of Bío Bío Region. The lake is placed in the Nahuelbuta Range above the Lanalhue Fault.
 The Mėkla is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 27 kilometres and has a basin area of 93 km².
 The Scărișoara River is a tributary of the Suseni River in Romania.
 The Mogoșoaia River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 Quylluqucha (Quechua quyllu impeccable white / generic name for a kind of potatoes qucha lake hispanicized spelling Coyllococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Huancayo Province Chongos Alto District. It is situated at a height of about 4683 metres (15364 ft) about 4.15 km long and 1.45 km at its widest point.
 Webster Lake is a 612-acre (2.48 km2) water body in Merrimack County in the central portion of the U.S. state of New Hampshire in the city of Franklin. Water from Webster Lake flows to the Pemigewasset River shortly above its confluence with the Winnipesaukee River to form the Merrimack.Webster Lake has two public beaches one on either side of the lake. These beaches have at least two lifeguards on duty during the summer.
 The Roper River is one of the largest rivers in the Northern Territory Australia extending east for over 500 km to meet the sea in Limmen Bight on the Gulf of Carpentaria. It is navigable for about 145 km until the tidal limit at Roper Bar and forms the southern boundary of the region known as Arnhem Land. Mataranka Hot Springs and the township of Mataranka lie close to the river at its western end. Port Roper lies near its mouth on Limmen Bight.
 The Tecucel River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 Mirror Lake is a lake in the high Uinta Mountains in Utah. It is a popular fishing and recreation spot. The lake contains three species of trout: rainbow brook and tiger. The lake has a Forest Service campground picnic facilities and a boat ramp for non-motorized watercraft.
 Lough Ennell (Irish: Loch Ainninn) is a lake near the town of Mullingar County Westmeath Ireland. It is situated beside the N52 road off the Mullingar/Kilbeggan road. It is approximately 4.5 mi (7.2 km) long by 2 mi (3.2 km) wide with an area of about 3540 acres (14.3 km2). It has a huge area of shallow water with nearly two-thirds of its area being less than 25 feet (8 m) and almost half of it being under 10 ft (3.0 m) deep.
 Pointe de Méan Martin is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3330 metres above sea level.
 Lake Lila is a 1400 acre (5.6 km²) Lake in the William C. Whitney Wilderness Area in the town of Long Lake in the west-central portion of the Adirondack Park. Lake Lila is the largest lake in the Adirondack Park whose shoreline is entirely state-owned; it is the twenty-second largest body of water in the park. The southeastern portion of Lake Lila is an extensive wetland drained by the Shingle Shanty Brook which feeds the lake; the lake is drained by the Beaver River.
 The Chalvagne is a mountain river that flows through the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department of southeastern France. Its source is in Val-de-Chalvagne and it flows into the Var in Entrevaux.
 The Sobradinho Creek is a river of the Federal District in central Brazil.
 Middle Creek (New South Wales) is a river of the state of New South Wales in Australia.
 Success Pond is a 290-acre (1.2 km2) water body located in Coos County in northern New Hampshire in the township of Success. Water from the pond flows west via Chickwolnepy Stream to the Androscoggin River.There are a number of summer houses cottages and cabins located on the pond. Recreational uses include swimming boating and fishing.
 The Quanicassee River is a river in Michigan.
 Mount Sherrill is a mountain located in Greene County New York and is part of the Catskill Mountains.Mount Sherrill is flanked to the east by North Dome and to the west by Balsam Mountain.Mount Sherrill stands within the watershed of the Hudson River which drains into New York Bay. The northern slopes of Mt. Sherrill drain via Bennett Brook and Newton Brook into the West Kill then into Schoharie Creek the Mohawk River and finally the Hudson River. The west side of Mt.
 Kimsa Waylla (Quechua kimsa three waylla meadow three meadows hispanicized spelling Quimsa Huaylla) is a mountain group in the Andes of Bolivia in the Potosí Department Tomás Frías Province about (4980 m (16339 ft) high. It is situated in the Khari Khari mountain range east of Potosí. The group lies in the east of the range near the Qhispi Llaqta stream and the mountains Illimani and Uma Jalanta.
 Everly Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 007 from trail 458.Everly Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Plummer Lake is over the pass to the southeast of Everly Lake.
 Lake George (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Kings County in Nova Scotia Canada.There is a Provincial Park beach area at the south end of the lake.
 Neuhofer See is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 18.1 m its surface area is 0.79 km².
 Mahagnao Volcano (also known as Kasiboi or Casiboi Volcano) is a dormant volcano located in the municipalities of Burauen and La Paz in the province of Leyte Philippines.
 Geitsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Nore og Uvdal in Buskerud county Norway.
 Wankaqucha (Quechua wanka wank'a wankha rock stone qucha lake rock lake hispanicized spellings Huangacocha Huangagocha) is a lake in the La Libertad Region in Peru.
 Bernard Crater is a large crater in the Memnonia quadrangle of Mars located at 23.6° south latitude and 154.3° west longitude. It is 131.0 km in diameter and was named after P. Bernard a French atmospheric scientist. The floor of the crater contains large cracks which may be due to erosion.
 Lake Semyonovskoye (Russian: Семёновское озеро) is a freshwater lake on the Kola Peninsula Murmansk Oblast Russia in Murmansk. It has an area of 0.195 km². Semyonovsky Stream flows from the lake.
 Varingskollen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Munsusan is a mountain located in Ulju County and Nam-gu Ulsan South Korea. It has an elevation of 600 m (1969 ft).
 Cagles Mill Lake also known as Cataract Lake is a lake located near Cataract Indiana in Lieber State Recreation Area in west central Indiana on the borders of Putnam and Owen counties. Mill Creek flows into from the north and drains out through to the Eel River to its south which then makes its way to the White River. Indiana State Road 42 once went through where Cataract Lake is now and currently has a new entirely different route on the upper area from its original route.
 Lilienstein is a highly distinctive mountain in Saxon Switzerland in Saxony southeastern Germany and was once the site of a Bohemian castle. It is one of the few table mountains on the east of the river Elbe and constitutes the symbol of the Saxon Switzerland National Park.
 The Tweed Range is the western extension of the Tweed Volcano caldera rim in northern New South Wales Australia. The range marks the southern extent of the Scenic Rim. The Bar Mountain massif is the highest point on the range rising to 1130 m (3710 ft) above sea level.
 The Cuyamaca Mountains locally the Cuyamacas are a mountain range in San Diego County California. The mountains run roughly northwest to southeast. The highest elevations are Cuyamaca Peak at 6512 feet (1985 m) and Stonewall Peak at 5700 feet (1700 m). The San Diego River and the Sweetwater River both rise in the Cuyamacas.
 Wainimala River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 Te Manga is the highest point of the Cook Islands a self-governing parliamentary democracy in free association with New Zealand with an altitude of 652 metres (2139 ft).
 The Dolu River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 The Geologic history of the Chiricahua Mountains concerns the Chiricahua Mountains an inactive volcanic range located in Coronado National Forest of southeastern Arizona in the United States. They are part of an archipelago of mountain ranges known as the sky islands that connect the Sierra Madre Occidental in Mexico with the Rocky Mountains.
 Bopser is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mount Nyangani (formerly Mount Inyangani) is the highest mountain in Zimbabwe at 2592 m (8504 ft). The mountain is located within Nyanga National Park in Nyanga District is about 275 km (171 mi) south east of Harare. The summit lies atop a small outcrop of rock around 40m above the surrounding area. The remainder of the peak is a broad moor of mainly rolling hills and plateau with an area of about 8 km2. The edges of this plateau then fall steeply to the east and west sides.
 Yamzhach (Russian: Ямжач) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 34 km. It flows into the Kolva River at the point located 380 km away from the Kolva's mouth. Main tributaries are Passavozh River (left) and Zapadnaya River (left).
 The Ivalo River (Finnish: Ivalojoki Northern Sami: Avviljohka Inari Sami: Avveeljuuhâ) is a 180-kilometre (110 mi) long river that flows through upper Lapland into Lake Inari.The Ivalo River starts from the Korsa fjelds hugging the border between Inari and Enontekiö. The first streams branching off of it can be found on the bogs of Peltotunturi on the border between Finland and Norway along the western border of the Lemmenjoki National Park.
 Suininki is a medium-sized lake in the Koutajoki main catchment area. It is located in Kuusamo municipality the region of Northern Ostrobothnia in Finland. Lake Suininki is a part of the Kuusinki catchment area.
 Göwe is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Iaslovăț River is a tributary of the Solca River in Romania.
 The North Sea is a marginal sea of the Atlantic Ocean located between Great Britain Scandinavia Germany the Netherlands Belgium and France. An epeiric (or shelf) sea on the European continental shelf it connects to the ocean through the English Channel in the south and the Norwegian Sea in the north.
 The Süderelbe is the biggest anabranch of the Unterelbe river in the area which is now the Port of Hamburg Germany.The natural mouth is closed the flow redirected through the Köhlbrand.
 Jabal Muthrad is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Salinas River (Mexico) is a river of Mexico.
 The Mosquito River is a 6.7-mile-long (10.8 km) stream in Alger County in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan United States. It is a tributary of Lake Superior along the Pictured Rocks National Lakeshore.
 The Schildspitze is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Kleine Örtze is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Dry Wolf Creek is a tributary of the Judith River approximately 40 mi (65 km) long in central Montana in the United States.It rises in the Lewis and Clark National Forest near Big Baldy in the Little Belt Mountains in western Judith Basin County. It flows northwest past Stanford and Denton then NNE to join the Judith in the White Cliffs Area in northern Fergus County.
 The Wampú River is a river in Honduras.
 The Cangandi River is a river of Panama.
 Lac de Morgins is a lake in Valais Switzerland. Its located at Morgins (municipality of Troistorrents) near the Pas de Morgins the pass into France.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Dorna River is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
 The Caxitoré River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Riet River (Afrikaans: Rietrivier) is a river in the Western Cape Province South Africa. It is part of the Olifants/Doring River system.
 The Herefordshire Beacon is one of the hills of the Malvern Hills.The name Malvern of the nearby town is probably derived from the Welsh moel fryn or bare hill. It is 1109 feet (338 m) high although the Victorian era inscription at the foot of the hill puts its height at 1145 feet (349 m). It is surrounded by a British Iron Age hill fort earthwork known as British Camp.The boundary between Herefordshire and Worcestershire is about 100 metres (330 ft) east of the summit.
 Pârâul Cornului is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Snowshoe Lake is a lake in the Lake Huron drainage basin in Algonquin Provincial Park in Nipissing District Ontario Canada. It is about 790 metres (2592 ft) long and 100 metres (328 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 466 metres (1529 ft).
 The Großer Homburg is a hill 403 m above sea level in the Homburgwald part of the Weser Uplands in the German state of Lower Saxony.The Großer Homburg is located in the district of Holzminden above and north of the town of Stadtoldendorf and a couple of kilometres south of Eschershausen.On the summit of the Großer Homburg are the castle ruins of the Homburg.
 The Cilik Dere River is a tributary of the Telița River in Romania
 Barka River (Arabic: نهر بركة‎ nahr Baraka) flows from the Eritrean Highlands to the plains of Sudan. With a length of over 640 km it rises just outside Asmara and flows in a northwestern direction through Agordat. The river merges with the Anseba River near the border with Sudan.In Sudan the Barka flows seasonally to a delta on the Red Sea near the town of Tokar.
 Aiguille de Polset is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3531 metres above sea level.
 Coyote Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Situated .70 miles (1.13 km) north-northwest of Mount Hunt Coyote Lake lies in a cirque nearly surrounded by several unnamed peaks each nearly 11000 feet (3400 m) above sea level. Coyote Lake can be reached from the Open Canyon Trail but requires off trail navigation to access.
 The Cheia Rea River is a tributary of the Sighiștel River in Romania.
 The Dogaru River is a tributary of the Dobra River in Romania.
 Wunnummin Lake is a lake in northwestern Ontario Canada. It is a remote freshwater lake located in Kenora District.
 The Pipmuacan Reservoir (French: Réservoir Pipmuacan) is a man-made lake on the boundary of the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean and Côte-Nord regions of Quebec Canada about 130 kilometres (81 mi) north of Chicoutimi. It is used to control the flow for downstream hydro-electric generating stations on the Betsiamites River and through Lake Pamouscachiou also on the Shipshaw River.
 The Dâlbanu River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Drum (Welsh pronunciation: [ˈdrɨm]) (Welsh: Y Drum = the ridge) is a summit in the Carneddau mountains in north Wales 2 km north-east of Foel-fras. It is 770 m (2526 ft) high. It is also known as Carnedd Penyborth-Goch.Its eastern slopes are drained by the Afon Tafolog a tributary of Afon Roe which flows through the village of Rowen before joining the River Conwy.
 Eisberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The City Canal was a short and short-lived canal excavated across the Isle of Dogs in east London linking two reaches of the River Thames. Today it has been almost completely reconstructed to form the South Dock of the West India Docks.
 The Waswanipi River is a river in Quebec Canada. It flows through Lake Waswanipi Seagull Lake and Lake Olga before reaching its mouth at Lake Matagami.
 Carducci is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 117 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Carducci is named for the Italian poet Giosue Carducci who lived from 1835 to 1907.
 The Bäderhorn (2009 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of the Jaun Pass in the canton of Bern. It lies on the range between the valleys of Jaun and Simmental.
 The Tatlageacul Mare River is a tributary of the Black Sea Lake Tatlageac in Romania.
 Llangorse Mountain is a mountain in northern British Columbia Canada located 54 km (34 mi) southeast of Atlin on the eastern side of the head of the Gladys River.
 The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Pârâul cu Fagi in Romania.
 Lake Guinas is the larger of only two permanent natural lakes in Namibia. It is a sinkhole lake created by a collapsing karst cave; it is located thirty two kilometres north of Tsumeb near the D3043 road. Lake Guinas is home to Tilapia guinasana a mouth-breeding species of fish that was endemic to this lake. It has later been introduced to Guinas' sister lake Lake Otjikoto as well as into few farm dams nearby.
 The Piranema River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Connecticut River is the longest river in the New England region of the United States. Flowing roughly north-south for 410 miles (660 km) through four U.S. states the Connecticut rises at the U.S. border with Quebec Canada and discharges at Long Island Sound. Its watershed encompasses five U.S. states and one Canadian province – 11260 square miles (29200 km2) – via 148 tributaries 38 of which are major rivers.
 Kokkilai lagoon (Tamil: கொக்குளாய்) is an estuarine lagoon in Mullaitivu District and Trincomalee District north-east Sri Lanka. The town of Kokkilai is located on a sand bar between the lagoon and the Indian Ocean.The lagoon is fed by a number of small rivers including Churiyan Aru. It is linked to the sea by a narrow channel that is very often blocked by the sand bar. The lagoon's water is brackish.
 The Old River is a perennial river of the Port Phillip catchment located in the Western District region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Aoraki / Mount Cook is the highest mountain in New Zealand reaching 3724 metres (12218 ft).It lies in the Southern Alps the mountain range which runs the length of the South Island. A popular tourist destination it is also a favourite challenge for mountain climbers. Aoraki / Mount Cook consists of three summits lying slightly south and east of the main divide the Low Peak Middle Peak and High Peak with the Tasman Glacier to the east and the Hooker Glacier to the west.
 Nimrod Lake is a reservoir in western Arkansas created by the construction of the Nimrod Dam. It is the oldest Corps of Engineers project in Arkansas and was completed in 1942 on the Fourche LaFave River.
 Peel River a watercourse that is part of the Namoi catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the northern slopes of the Liverpool Range at the junction of the Great Dividing Range and Mount Royal Range south of the village of Nundle and flows generally north west and north west and emerges into the Liverpool Plains near Tamworth.
 Lampland is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the west-southwest of the crater Subbotin and to the north-northwest of Eötvös. About four crater diameters to the north-northwest lies the prominent Tsiolkovskiy.This is a worn crater with a smaller crater intruding slightly into the west-southwestern rim. A smaller cup-shaped impact crater Lampland A lies along the northeast inner wall and part of the floor.
 The Karatal River (Russian: Каратал; Mongolian: Хартал Black Steppe) also known as the Qaratal River is a river in Kazakhstan that originates in the Dzungarian Alatau Mountains near the border of with China and flows into Lake Balkhash. It is the easternmost of two large rivers that flow into the lake the other being the Ili River.
 The River Nadder is one of the chalk stream rivers of southern England much sought after by fly fishermen because of its clear waters and abundance of brown trout. It is one of the main tributaries of the River Avon rising from a number of springs and small streams at Donhead St. Mary in south Wiltshire.
 The Dents de Lanfon (French: Teeth of Lanfon) are a small chain of mountains in eastern France rising to 1824 m. Situated beneath Talloires on the east bank of Lac d'Annecy in Haute-Savoie they are framed by mount Veyrier (1291 m) in the north and by La Tournette (2351 m) in the south.The impressive slopes of the Dents de Lanfon and their position above Lac d'Annecy make them a classic destination for climbers.
 The Rough River is a 156-mile-long (251 km) tributary of the Green River in west-central Kentucky in the United States. Via the Green and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. According to the Geographic Names Information System it has also been known historically as Rough Creek.
 The Coldwater River is located in south central British Columbia Canada. It is the largest tributary of the Nicola River which it joins at the city of Merritt. The river drains a watershed of 917 square kilometres (354 sq mi). Its traditional native name is Ntstlatko (cold water).
 The Goinger Halt is a mountain in the Kaisergebirge range in the Northern Limestone Alps in Austria. It has a double summit: a northern summit to the rear the Hinterer Goinger Halt (2192 metres) and a higher southern peak in front the Vorderer Goinger Halt (2242 metres). The name Halt means something like Alpine meadow and refers therefore to the peak over the meadow areas that belong to the parish of Going (c.f. Ellmauer Halt).
 Tack Lee Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch.
 Einfelder See is a lake in Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 26.79 m its surface area is 1.78 km². It is located in the northern suburb of Neumünster and in the Kreis Rendsburg-Eckernförde. The lake is located on a water water divide of the rivers Stör and Eider. Most of the water originates from groundwater and precipitation only a small portion reaches the lake from the adjacent Dosenmoor.On the west side of the lake the nature reserve Westufer Einfelder See is located.
 Jehlam River or Jhelum River Urdu: دریاۓ جہلم‎ /ˈdʒeɪləm/ (Sanskrit: वितस्ता Kashmiri: Vyeth Hindi: झेलम Punjabi: ਜੇਹਲਮ (Gurmukhi) (Nastaliq)) is a river that flows in India and Pakistan. It is the largest and most western of the five rivers of Punjab and passes through Jhelum District. It is a tributary of the Chenab River and has a total length of about 450 miles (725 kilometers).
 Ringužė is a river of Biržai district municipality Panevėžys County northern Lithuania. It flows for 21 kilometres and has a basin area of 16 km².
 Kleine Ohe is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Suzana River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Chopok (2024 m) is the third highest peak of the Low Tatra range (just after the neighboring Ďumbier and Štiavnica mountains) in central Slovakia. The peak offers a panoramatic view of High Tatra Liptov and the valley of Hron. There is a chalet (called Kamenná chata) located near the summit.
 Hedionda Lake is a saline lake in the Nor Lípez Province Potosí Department in Bolivia. It is notable for various migratory species of pink and white flamingos. The lake for many years was also called Stinking Lake and appeared on most maps with this name. The Spanish version of the name La Laguna Grande Hedionda means a spring of sulphur-tainted water near the lake.Hedionda is one of the nine small saline lakes in the Andean Altiplano.
 Daemisan is a South Korean mountain between the cities of Jecheon Chungcheongbuk-do and Mungyeong Gyeongsangbuk-do. It has an elevation of 1115 m (3658 ft).
 Rossel (Elbe) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Cima dal Cantun is a mountain of the Bregaglia Range (Alps) located between the valleys of the Albigna and the Forno Glacier in Graubünden.
 The Dent d'Orlu also known as the Pic de Brasseil (el. 2222 m) is a distinctive peak in the Pyrenees in the commune of Orlu in the Ariège department in southwestern France.
 The Canovanillas River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Mount Meru is an active stratovolcano located 70 kilometres (43 mi) west of Mount Kilimanjaro in the nation of Tanzania. At a height of 4565 metres (14977 ft) it is visible from Mt Kilimanjaro on a clear day and is the ninth or tenth highest mountain in Africa dependent on definition. Much of its bulk was lost about 8000[citation needed] years ago due to an eastward volcanic blast similar to the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens in the U.S. state of Washington.
 The Montcalm Massif (French: Massif du Montcalm Catalan: Massís del Montcalm) is a mountain massif located in the Pyrenees at the border between France and Spain it has an altitude of 3077 metres above sea level.Some of the summits are over 3000 m high and the highest mountain in Catalonia (Pica d'Estats) as well as the highest mountain in Ariège (Pic de Montcalm) are part of this massif.
 Bush Lake is located in the southwest corner of the Minneapolis suburb of Bloomington Minnesota near its border with Eden Prairie in Hennepin County. It has an area of 172.2 acres (69.7 ha) and a maximum depth of 28.0 feet (8.5 m). The lake contains many fish but primarily Bluegill Northern Pike Pumpkinseed Sunfish Yellow Bullhead and Yellow Perch.The city of Bloomington operates a beach on the east side of Bush Lake just across from Hyland Lake Park Reserve.
 The Pârâul Sărat or Pârâul Sărata is a tributary of the Cuejdiu River in Romania.
 The Zuestoll is a one of the peaks of the Churfirsten group located in the Appenzell Alps. It lies between the valley of Toggenburg and Lake Walenstadt in the canton of St. Gallen. The summit is easily accessible by a trail on the northern side.
 Langeskavlen is a mountain in the municipality of Vang Oppland in southern Norway. It lies just outside the border of Jotunheimen National Park.
 Orivesi is a large lake located in the Northern Karelia region in Finland. The area of the lake is 601.30 km² (7th largest). Orivesi is one of the major basins of Saimaa. The lake has numerous islands and several open lake areas including Paasselkä an ancient impact crater in south.
 The Urique River is a river of Mexico forming part of the famous Copper Canyon.
 Mount Linn at 8098 feet (2468 m) is the easternmost summit on South Yolla Bolly Mountain and is located in the Northern Coast Ranges of California in the Yolla Bolly-Middle Eel Wilderness. The summit is the highest point in the Northern Coast Ranges south of the Trinity Alps of the Klamath Mountains.
 Lake Nojiri (野尻湖 Nojiri-ko) is in the town of Shinano Kamiminochi District Nagano Prefecture Japan. Second to Lake Suwa among lakes in Nagano Prefecture Nojiri is a resort the location of the first pumped-storage hydroelectricity in Japan and the site of a paleolithic excavation.
 The river Ticino (Lombard: Tisín; German: Tessin; Latin: Ticinus) is the most important perennial left-bank tributary of the Po River. It has given its name to the Swiss canton through which its upper portion flows.
 Schinderbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Øyarvatnet or Øyarvatn is a lake in the municipality of Valle in Aust-Agder county and Sirdal in Vest-Agder county Norway. It is part of the Kvina river system. It is located just to the south of the lake Rosskreppfjorden. The lake has an area of 8.05 square kilometres (3.11 sq mi) and sits at an elevation of 837 metres (2746 ft).
 Les Platons is the highest point of Jersey a British Crown Dependency with an altitude of 136 metres (446 ft). It is located in the Vingtaine de la Ville-à-l'Évêque in the parish of Trinity.There are radio transmitters and a radar station located at Les Platons.
 Shrine Pass elevation 11094 ft (3381 m) is a mountain pass in the Sawatch Range of central Colorado.The pass is located at the northern end of the Sawatch Range along the border of Eagle and Summit counties west of Frisco and 2 miles (3.2 km) northwest of Vail Pass. It is traversed by a narrow unpaved road connecting the eastern side of Vail Pass near Interstate 70 (east) with the town of Red Cliff in the upper valley of the Eagle River (west).
 Yilong Cave (simplified Chinese: 义龙洞; traditional Chinese: 義龍洞; pinyin: Yìlóng Dòng; literally righteous dragon cave) is a 180 million year old karst cave located in Pingxiang City Jiangxi Province People's Republic of China. Also known as Nielong Cave (孽龙洞/孽龍洞 literally evil dragon cave) the cave extends to around 4200 m (13800 ft) in length. Inside there are unusual rock formations small streams and waterfalls.
 The Passa Una River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Not to be confused with the River Meese in Shropshire.The River Mease is a lowland clay river in the Midlands area of England. It flows through the counties of Leicestershire Derbyshire and Staffordshire and forms the administrative border between these counties for parts of its length.[citation needed]The river and the lower part of one of its tributaries the Gilwiskaw Brook (pronounced Jill-A-Whiskey) are both protected as one of the best examples of an unspoilt meandering lowland river.
 The Măgura River is a tributary of the Bloaja River in Romania.
 Ahrensberg (Habichtswald) is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Sawel Mountain (from Irish: Samhail Phite Méabha meaning likeness to Meabh's vulva) is a mountain in County Londonderry and County Tyrone Northern Ireland. It is the highest peak in the Sperrin Mountains and the 8th highest in Northern Ireland. To the north of Sawel is County Londonderry and to the south County Tyrone. The summit is 678 metres (2224 ft) and is composed of crystalline limestone.
 Omak Lake is a saline endorheic lake in the U.S. state of Washington within the Greater Omak Area. The lake covers 3244 acres (13.13 km2) at an elevation of 950 feet (290 m) and is fed by three small creeks. With a volume of 705000 acre feet (870000000 m3) and depth of 325 feet (99 m) Omak is the largest saline lake in Washington.Omak Lake occupies a former channel of the Columbia River. The Okanagan people once believed that Omak Lake was inhabited by spirits and avoided the area.
 Peureulak River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.
 Great Borne is a fell in the English Lake District with a height of 616 m (2021 ft). It is a rather secluded hill situated at the western end of the long ridge which divides the Ennerdale and Buttermere valleys.
 The Smotrych River (Ukrainian: Смотрич Polish: Smotrycz) is a left tributary of the Dniester flowing through the Podillia upland of western Ukraine. Its length is 169 km (105 mi) and its drainage basin covers 1800 km² (694 m²). The average width of the river is 10-15 meters wide and at one point exceeds 40 m. There are a couple cities and towns located on the river: Kamianets-Podilskyi Smotrych.
 Laacher See (German pronunciation: [ˈlaːxɐ ˈzeː]) or Laach Lake (in English) is a volcanic caldera lake with a diameter of 2 km (1.2 mi) in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany about 24 km (15 mi) northwest of Koblenz and 37 km (23 mi) south of Bonn and is closest to the town of Andernach situated 8 km (5.0 mi) to the east on the river Rhine. It is in the Eifel mountain range and is part of the East Eifel volcanic field named Vulkaneifel.
 Harlebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.The Harlebach is a 7.7 km long tributary of the river Alme in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.The Harlebach rises 430m above sea level in the Arnsberg forest above Brilon. It joins the Alme through forested areas including the Almetal nature reserve. It acts as the boundary between Paderborn and Hochsauerlandkreis.
 The Soda Lakes are two lakes located northwest of Fallon Nevada. They occupy two basaltic maar volcanoes which may have erupted in the last 1500 years from 2012. The larger lake (called Soda Lake) is somewhat elongated stretching 2 kilometers (1.2 mi) in length while the smaller one (Little Soda Lake) is 200 meters (660 ft) across.
 Feuerpalven is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Moho River is a river of Guatemala and Belize.
 Mount Tregear is a 2042 m mountain in New Zealand's South Island.Mount Tregear is on the main divide at the head of the Mathias River of New Zealand's Southern Alps. It is located 38 kilometres southwest of Arthurs Pass. It is named after Edward Robert Tregear.
 The Lake Wales Ridge is a low ridge running for about 150 miles south to north in Central Florida. The greater part of the ridge is in Highlands County and Polk County but it extends north into Osceola Orange and Lake Counties. It is named for the city of Lake Wales roughly at the midpoint of the ridge. The highest point of the ridge is Sugarloaf Mountain which at 312 feet (95 meters) is also the highest point in peninsular Florida.
 The Valea Jurii River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Guaporé River (Portuguese: Rio Guaporé) is a river in western Brazil and northeastern Bolivia. Its Bolivian name is Río Iténez. It is 1530 km (950 mi) long; 970 km (600 mi) of the river forms the border between Brazil and Bolivia.The Guaporé River is part of the Madeira River basin which eventually empties into the Amazon River.
 Messnerin (German: Meßnerin) is a mountain in the Hochschwab range in Styria with a height of 1835 m above sea level.
 Rooden Reservoir is a reservoir in the Piethorne Valley in the Metropolitan Borough of Rochdale within Greater Manchester England. It is close to Denshaw in the Metropolitan Borough of Oldham.
 Lausche is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Holmavatnet is a lake in the municipality of Kvam in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Santa Cruz River (English: Saint Cross River) is a river in southern Arizona and northern Sonora Mexico. It is approximately 184 miles (296 km) long.
 The San Francisco Mountains (Utah) are a 20-mile (32 km) long mountain range located in central-north Beaver County Utah and extending into central-south Millard County. The range is connected in the northeast to the Cricket Mountains with the same Basin and Range southwest by northeast lineage.
 Lago di Pontesei is a lake in the Province of Belluno Veneto Italy.
 The Cispus River is about 54 miles (87 km) long and flows into the Cowlitz River at Lake Scanewa in the Cascade Mountains of Washington. Its tributaries drain most of south-central and southeastern Lewis County extreme northeast Skamania County and some of western Yakima County.Its main stem begins in Lewis County in a high glacial valley to the north of Snowgrass Flats in the Goat Rocks Wilderness located on the Gifford Pinchot National Forest.
 Borbach (Ruhr) is a beck in Witten North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Das Bengalas River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Calico Peaks are geologically and historically colorful mountains in the Calico Mountains Range in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County and Inyo County California. They are located just north of Barstow Yermo and Interstate 15.
 Piz Suvretta is a mountain of the Albula Alps located west of St. Moritz in the canton of Graubünden. It lies south of Piz Bever on the range surrounding the Val Bever.
 Ågestasjön (Swedish for Lake of Ågesta) is a small lake in Huddinge Municipality south of Stockholm Sweden.Ågestasjön forms part of the Tyresån Lake System and with a biodiversity unique in the Stockholm region is highly popular among birdwatchers and ornithologists. The lake also forms part of the Orlången Nature Reserve and one of the green wedges stretching into central Stockholm.The lakes receives water from Lake Trehörningen and in its northern end empties into Magelungen.
 The Little Bear River is a 36.4-mile-long (58.6 km) tributary of the Bear River in northern Utah in the United States. It rises in the mountains east of Brigham City where three forks (West South and East) join at Avon then flows north to Paradise. At Paradise it spills out into the broad flats of Cache Valley passing north by Hyrum where it is impounded by the Hyrum Reservoir then meandering generally west by Wellsville.
 The Alcantara (Sicilian: Alcàntara) is a river in Sicily. It has its source on the south side of Monti Nebrodi and its mouth in the Ionian Sea at Capo Schiso in Giardini-Naxos. The river is 52 km (32 mi) long.The name Alcantara is of Arabic origin (Arabic: القنطرة‎ al-Qanṭarah 'the Arch') and refers to a bridge from Roman times found by the Arabs. Thucydides called it Akesines Potamos while its Latin names were Assinus or Assinos and Onobala.Cantera was another hydronym adopted by Normans.
 The Urlătoarea River is a tributary of the Pănicerul River in Romania.
 Neye (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Shalloch on Minnoch is a Corbett at the north end of the Awful Hand range in the Southern Uplands of southern Scotland.
 The Valea Andoliei River is a tributary of the Ghimbav river in Romania.
 Hourglass Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 683.Hourglass Lake is northwest of Merriam Peak and located in the lower section of the Boulder Chain Lakes Basin.
 The Malibamat'so River is a river in northern Lesotho. It flows south from close to the South African border past the town of Ha Lejone and joins the Senqu River close to the town of Taung. The waters of the Malibamat'so River are dammed by the Katse Dam which is Africa's highest dam at 1993 m (6539 ft) above sea level.
 Ge Lake (Chinese: 滆湖; pinyin: Gé Hú) is a freshwater lake in China it is situated in south of Jiangsu Province northwest of Lake Tai. The lake has a total area of about 146.5 square kilometers. The average depth is 1.19 m the water storage capacity is about 1.74×108m3.
 The Pato Branco River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Slatina is the name of a 55 km (32 mi) long river in Slovakia. Its source is located in Poľana its mouth in Zvolen. It is a left tributary of the Hron.
 Slide Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 601.Slide Lake is just south of Calkens Peak northeast of D. O. Lee Peak and upstream of Sheep and Neck Lakes.
 The Pointe Sud de Moming (3963 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located west of Täsch in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range between the Weisshorn and the Zinalrothorn south of the Col de Moming.
 The Lucea West River is a river of Jamaica that borders the town of Lucea.
 The Paulo Diniz River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Rollway Lake (also Murphey Lake Murphy Lake and Stony Lake) is a lake located in Beaver Township and Denver Township in Newaygo County Michigan. Rollway Lake lies at an elevation of 787 feet (240 m).
 Weggentalbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Nestelberg is a 402-metre-high hill in the Dahner Felsenland in the Wasgau a region that comprises the southern part of the Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate and the northern part of the French Vosges in the departments of Bas-Rhin and Moselle.
 Rio Chamita is a tributary of the Rio Chama in the United States. The stream flows south from a source in Archuleta County Colorado to a confluence with the Rio Chama in Rio Arriba County New Mexico.
 Blacketts Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada in the Sydney River watershed. The lake and river are home to the northernmost known population of Yellow lampmussel.
 The Julian Alps (Slovene: Julijske Alpe Italian: Alpi Giulie) are a mountain range of the Southern Limestone Alps that stretches from northeastern Italy to Slovenia where they rise to 2864 m at Mount Triglav the highest peak in Slovenia and former Yugoslavia. They are named after Julius Caesar who founded the municipium of Cividale del Friuli at the foot of the mountains. A large part of the Julian Alps is included in Triglav National Park.
 The Lozva River is a tributary of the Taița River in Romania.
 Peak 2266 is the second highest point in Minnesota after Eagle Mountain. It is rarely climbed and has no summit trail. Peak 2266 was surveyed in 1961 in the same survey which established Eagle Mountain as the state's high point. The survey found that 2266 was also higher than the previous record holder point 2230 in the Misquah Hills.
 Eldfell is a composite volcanic cone just over 200 metres (660 ft) high on the Icelandic island of Heimaey. It formed in a volcanic eruption which began on the eastern side of Heimaey in the Westman Island on 23 January 1973. This came without any sign of warning. The name of Eldfell means Mountain of Fire in Icelandic.The eruption caused a major crisis for the island and nearly led to its permanent evacuation.
 Regnault is a lunar impact crater that is located close to the northwest limb of the Moon. It lies across the western rim of the walled plain Volta with the slightly smaller crater Stokes attached to the southern outer rim. Due to its location Regnault is not favorably placed for viewing from the Earth. It is seen at a very oblique angle limiting the detail that can be viewed.
 Cerro Maltusado (Spanish for badly cut mane) is the highest peak of La Peineta arête in the Andes of Los Ríos Region Chile. The peak has an arpoximate prominence of about 1425 meters from its base at Riñihue Lake being close to be an ultra prominent peak.
 The Pre-Pyrenees are the foothills of the Pyrenees.
 Woyla River is a river in southern Sumatra Indonesia.
 .The Coyote Hills are a low mountain range in Alameda County California.Coyote Hills Regional Park is located in and named for these hills.
 Chaparral Lake is located in Chaparral Park in west Scottsdale at the northeast corner of Hayden and Chaparral Roads.
 Dent de Burgin is a mountain near the Meribel resort in Savoie France. It lies in the Vanoise range. It has an altitude of 2739 metres above sea level.
 Lake Winterset is a large natural freshwater lake on the south side of Winter Haven Florida. This lake has a 556-acre (2250000 m2) surface area and is round with an oval-shaped cove on its south end. The cove is connected to the main part of the lake by a short wide channel. This lake is almost entirely surrounded by private residences most of them in subdivisions the majority of them gated subdivisions. Just to the north of Lake Winterset is Cypress Gardens Boulevard.
 Freundlich is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies midway between the craters Trumpler to the north-northwest and the irregular Buys-Ballot to the south-southeast. This crater has a circular rim that is more heavily eroded at the northern and southern ends. Groups of craters lie across the floor to the southeast and the north and individual small craters lie elsewhere within the interior. The crater is named after Erwin Freundlich.
 The Șercăița River is a tributary of the Şercaia River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Valea Mare River.
 Pic de Contraix is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2958 metres (9705 ft) above sea level.
 Klawatti Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Klawatti Lake is in a remote section of the park and well off any designated trails. During warmer months melt from both the North Klawatti and Klawatti Glaciers flow into Klawatti Lake. Klawatti Peak is 1 mi (1.6 km) west of the lake.
 Jiangzhou Cave System (Chinese: 江洲洞穴系统) is a cave system near Jiangzhou township in Fengshan County Guangxi China.This cave has several entrances with a total of 29.2 km (18.1 mi) of passages having been surveyed.It has an active series running approximately 100 m (330 ft) below the fossil series.
 The Firehole River is located in northwestern Wyoming and is one of the two major tributaries of the Madison River. It flows north approximately 21 miles (34 km) from its source in Madison Lake on the Continental Divide to join the Gibbon River at Madison Junction in Yellowstone National Park. It is part of the Missouri River system.
 The Argen is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany. It flows into Lake Constance between Kressbronn am Bodensee and Langenargen as the third largest tributary to the lake. It is 23.4 km long; if one includes the Upper Argen the combined length is 51.4 km.
 Grafham Water (TL 150 680) is a reservoir with a circumference of about 10 miles (16 km). It is located between the villages of Grafham and Perry in the English county of Cambridgeshire (Huntingdonshire District).
 The Buceciul River is a tributary of the Ţiganu River in Romania.
 The Kennet and Avon Canal is a waterway in southern England with an overall length of 87 miles (140 km) made up of two lengths of navigable river linked by a canal. The name is commonly used to refer to the entire length of the navigation rather than solely to the central canal section. From Bristol to Bath the waterway follows the natural course of the River Avon before the canal links it to the River Kennet at Newbury and from there to Reading on the River Thames.
 The Belciugatele River is a tributary of the Mostiştea River in Romania.
 The Loch of Skene is in Aberdeenshire Scotland some 9 miles (14 km) west of the city of Aberdeen near the Kirkton of Skene village.Loch of Skene is home to the Aberdeen and Stonehaven Yachting Club.It is designated as a Special Protection Area for wildlife conservation purposes.
 The Jablanica (Serbian Cyrillic: Јабланица pronounced [jablǎnitsa]) is an 85-kilometre-long (53 mi) river in southern Serbia. A left tributary of the South (or Južna) Morava river it gives its name to the region of Jablanica and to modern Serbia's Jablanica District with the region contributing about one third of the district's area.
 The Milcovăț River is a tributary of the Glavacioc River in Romania.
 The Skagit River (/ˈskædʒɨt/ SKAJ-it) is a river in southwestern British Columbia in Canada and northwestern Washington in the United States approximately 150 mi (240 km) long. The river and its tributaries drain an area of 1.7 million acres (6900 km²) of the Cascade Range along the northern end of Puget Sound and flows into the sound..The Skagit watershed is characterized by a temperate mid-latitude maritime climate. Temperatures range widely throughout the watershed.
 Mont Chéry (1826 m) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps in Haute-Savoie France.
 Bayagán River (Spanish: Río Bayagán) is a river in the municipality of Ponce Puerto Rico. Bayagán is a tributary of Cerrillos River. It has a length of approximately six kilometers and generally runs south. It originates in barrio Montes Llanos and runs south through barrio Machuelo Arriba for about nine kilometers until it meets Río Cerrillos. It is part of the Bucaná River watershed. This river is one of the 14 rivers in the municipality.
 The Tolshma (Russian: Толшма) is a river in Soligalichsky District of Kostroma Oblast and Totemsky District of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Sukhona River. The river is 157 kilometres (98 mi) long. The area of its basin is 1540 square kilometres (590 sq mi).
 Eschach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Vazhinka River (Russian: Важинка) is a river in Prionezhsky and Pryazhinsky Districts of the Republic of Karelia and in Podporozhsky District of Leningrad Oblast Russia a right tributary of the Svir. The urban-type settlement of Vazhiny is located in its mouth. It is 123 kilometres (76 mi) long and the area of its basin 2200 square kilometres (850 sq mi).
 The Tietê River (Portuguese Rio Tietê) is a Brazilian river in the state of São Paulo.The source is in Salesópolis in the Serra do Mar at 1120 m altitude.
 The Sheshma (Russian: Шешма; Tatar Cyrillic: Шушма Latin: Şuşma or Tatar Cyrillic: Чишмә Latin: Çişmä) is a river in Tatarstan and Samara Oblast Russian Federation a left tributary of the Kama River falling into the Kuybyshev Reservoir near Starosheshminsk. Its length is 259 km (227 of them in Tatarstan) and its drainage basin is 6040 km². It origins in Samara Oblast 28 km south of Leninogorsk Tatarstan.Major tributaries are Forest Sheshma Kuvak Sekines Kichuy Talkysh Rivers.
 The Croydon Canal ran 9.25 miles (15 km) from Croydon via Forest Hill to the Grand Surrey Canal at New Cross in south London England. It opened in 1809 and closed in 1836 the first canal to be abandoned by an Act of Parliament.
 The Lède is a 54 km long river in the Lot-et-Garonne département south-western France right tributary of the Lot River. Its source is near Lacapelle-Biron. It flows generally southwest through the town Monflanquin and flows into the Lot in Casseneuil.
 Plaskett is a prominent lunar impact crater that is located on the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. It lies only a few hundred kilometers south of the lunar north pole and the sunlight it receives is at a low angle. The large walled plain Rozhdestvenskiy is attached to the northeast rim of Plaskett between the crater and the pole.
 The Laurel Fork is a tributary of the Clear Fork 23.5 miles (37.8 km) long in southern West Virginia in the United States.
 The Gaulier River is a river of Grenada.
 The Stony River (Jamaica) rises just north of Coopers Hill in Saint Catherine Parish Jamaica. From here it flows primarily north until it reaches its confluence with the New River.
 Visnaren is a lake of Södermanland Sweden. It is about 50km west of the capital Stockholm in the east of the country.
 The Bucșa River or Bărbulețu River is a headwater of the Bângăleasa River in Romania.
 The Shale Hills are a low mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges in western Kern County California.
 The Dâncu River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Big Baldy Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 7 km (4 mi) west of Gold River and 28 km (17 mi) southeast of Mount Bate.
 Flechal River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 The Mangere River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally westwards from its sources in hills northwest of Whangarei meeting the Wairua River 10 kilometres northwest of Maungatapere.
 Lake Yliki (Greek: Υλίκη Yliki Ancient Greek: Ὑλικὴ Hylike Latinised as Hylica) is a large natural lake of Boeotia central Greece. Situated 8 km north of Thebes at 78 m elevation it has been an important source of drinking water for the Athens agglomeration since 1958. It is surrounded by low mountains which separate it from the drained Lake Copais.
 The Izvorul Mic River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Krka (pronounced [ˈkəɾːka]; German: Gurk Latin: Corcoras) is a river in southeastern Slovenia (the traditional region of Lower Carniola) a right tributary of the Sava. With a length of 95 km (59 mi) it is the second longest river flowing in its entirety in Slovenia following Savinja.
 The Vârgău River is a tributary of the Sipoş River in Romania.
 The Buckskin Mountains on the Arizona-Utah border is about a 15-mile (24 km) long mountain range divided almost equally in the counties of Coconino County Arizona and Kane County Utah.The range lies at the north end of the Kaibab Plateau of the North Rim of the Grand Canyon; the Kanab and Paria Plateaus of Arizona lie southwest and southeast.The Buckskin Mountains border the Vermilion Cliffs National Monument of Arizona southeast.
 Vulture Peak (9638 feet (2938 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The Vulture Glacier is located on the southern flanks of the mountain while the small Two Ocean Glacier is immediately to the north.
 The Cleja River is a tributary of the Iminog River in Romania.
 Hubbles Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 The Penetangore River is a river in Kincardine Bruce County in Southwestern Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and empties into Lake Huron. A boardwalk a harbour and the Kincardine lighthouse are located on the bank of this river near its mouth.The name Penetangore is believed to come from an Ojibwa word meaning river with sand on one side referring to the sand bar at the river's mouth.
 The Pantepec River is a river of Mexico.
 The Drăgușul River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 The Lomond Hills (meaning beacon hills) also known as the Paps of Fife lie in the centre of Fife Scotland. At 522m West Lomond is the highest point in the county of Fife.
 The Valea Seacă is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 Zellerrain Pass (elevation 1125 m 3691 ft) is a mountain pass in the Ybbstal Alps located on border between Lower Austria and Styria west of Mariazell. The pass road has a steep grade of up to 22 percent. The river Ybbs has its source at the pass.
 Mount Idonmappu (イドンナップ岳 Idonmappu-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Groswater Bay is a bay in south central Labrador Canada at the entrance of Hamilton Inlet.Many birds nest here including Common Eiders.The Groswater culture of Paleo-Eskimos is named after Groswater Bay.
 The Lotrioara River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It is starts at the junction of two branches: Valea Ursului and Sterpu
 Sloan Peak is a mountain in the North Cascades of Washington state. It rises about 40 miles (64 km) east of Everett Washington and 12 miles southwest of Glacier Peak one of the Cascade stratovolcanoes. It is located between the north and south forks of Sauk River in the Henry M. Jackson Wilderness.
 The Twin Lakes of Lake Wales Florida are two small natural freshwater lakes on the south side of the city. Sometimes they are simply called Twin Lakes but sometimes they are individually called Twin Lake West and Twin Lake East. All shores of Twin Lake West are swampy as is the area between the two lakes. The west shore of Twin Lake East is swampy. The west lake the larger of the two has a water area of 18.76-acre (75900 m2).
 Loudoun Hill also commonly Loudounhill is a volcanic plug in East Ayrshire Scotland. It is located near the head of the River Irvine east of Darvel. One real and one fictional battle have been fought around Loudoun Hill.
 Steinsiekbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Dara River is a tributary of the Valea Rea River in Romania.
 Hoher Peißenberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Samur (Lezgian: Самурвацl; Russian: Самур; Azerbaijani: Samurçay) is a river in Russia's Dagestan Republic partially flowing throughAzerbaijan.
 Zisa Corona is a corona found on the planet Venus at Latitude 12° North Longitude 221° East. It has a diameter of 850 kilometers and is the 3rd largest corona on Venus.It is named for Zisa a German/Nordic harvest goddess and consort of Tyr.
 Bălănești Hill (Romanian: Dealul Bălănești) is the highest geographical point in Moldova with an altitude of 430 m (429 m according to some sources). It is located in Bălănești and belongs to Cornești Hills.
 Wildt is a small lunar impact crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon. The nearest named crater is Condorcet to the west-northwest. Wildt was previously designated Condorcet K before being named by the IAU. The crater is circular and bowl-shaped with a small floor at the midpoint of the sloping interior walls. It has not received significant wear from subsequent impacts.
 The Star Range is an 8-mile (12 km) long small mountain range located in central Beaver County Utah. The range is star shaped as small ridges end at peaks like fingers of a hand. Another adjacent range sequence southwest the Shauntie Hills has other fingers of the star-shape.Both ranges slope north towards flatlands south of the Sevier Lake region (southwest Sevier Desert) and San Francisco Mountains.
 Haigern is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Horst is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Sierra del Tigre is a mountain range in northeastern Sonora Mexico at the northern region of the Sierra Madre Occidental. The region contains sky island mountain ranges called the Madrean Sky Islands some separated from the Sierra Madre Occidental proper and occurring in the northeastern Sonoran Desert and extreme west-northwestern Chihuahuan Desert.
 The Corbu River is a tributary of the Crevedia River in Romania
 Latrop (Lenne) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Carleton in Mount Carleton Provincial Park is at 817m the highest elevation in the Canadian province of New Brunswick and is also the highest peak in the Canadian Maritime Provinces. It is one of the highlights of the Canadian portion of the International Appalachian Trail.
 The Crizbav River is a tributary of the Hotaru in Romania.
 The Păltiniș River is a tributary of the Bâsca Roziliei River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Păltinişul Mare and Păltinişul Mic
 Villiper Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Sico River is a river in Honduras.
 The Bota Mare River is a tributary of the Zăbrătău River in Romania.
 Mahoras Brook is an approximately 3.5 miles (5.6 km) long spring-fed tributary of Waackaack Creek that flows through Monmouth County New Jersey. It rises in a small glen shortly west of Middletown at 40°25′12″N 74°08′13″W and makes a bend north flowing through the northwest section of Tatum Park.
 Lake Amaramba (Portuguese: Lago Amaramba) is a shallow lake in Mozambique near the border with Malawi. Located in the Nyasa plateau it is north of Lake Chiuta. The lakes are separated by a sandy ridge and a channel links the two lakes. On the western side of the channel the connecting waterway is known as the River Msambiti while on the eastern side it is known as the Lugenda River. Lake Amaramba is intermittently linked to the Lugenda River a tributary of the Ruvuma River.
 Gudelacksee is a German lake in Lindow Landkreis Ostprignitz-Ruppin Brandenburg. At an elevation of 52 m its surface area is 4.38 km².
 The Rapa River (Lule Sami: Rapaätno and Swedish: Rapaälven) is a tributary of the Lesser Lule River in north Norrland in Norrbotten County Sweden. The river stretches 75 km from its source to the mouth of Lake Tjaktjajaure (477 amsl). At the mouth of Lake Laitaure (Laidaure) slightly higher up the Rapa River forms the Laitaure Delta. The river flows through the Rapa Valley finally joining the Lule River.
 The Catalan Central Depression (Catalan: Depressió Central Catalana) is a natural depression between the Pre-Pyrenees and the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range in Spain. It widens towards the west linking with the Ebro Depression Catalan: Depressió de l'Ebre of which it could be considered an eastern extension. The Catalan Central Depression is about 180 km long with an average width of 50 km.
 The Manaia River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand's North Island. It flows north from its sources in the Coromandel Range reaching the waters of the Hauraki Gulf at Manaia Harbour 10 kilometres southwest of Coromandel.
 Mount Moriah is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Carter-Moriah Range of the White Mountains which runs along the northern east side of Pinkham Notch. The summit is approximately 5 miles (8 km) southeast of the center of the town of Gorham. Mount Moriah is flanked to the northeast by Middle Moriah Mountain and to the southwest by Imp Mountain.
 Mons Esam is a small isolated mount on the northern part of the Mare Tranquillitatis. It is located to the southeast of the crater Vitruvius and to the west-northwest of Lyell. To the northeast of this ridge is the bay called Sinus Amoris.The selenographic coordinate of this feature is 14.6° N 35.7° E and it has a maximum diameter at the base of 8 km. The name of this feature is an Arabic masculine name (عصام) and it was not chosen to represent a specific individual.
 Mahoney Butte at 7904 feet (2409 m) above sea level is a peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest in Blaine County. It is located in the watershed of Greenhorn Creek a tributary of the Big Wood River. It is about 4.6 mi (7.4 km) southwest of Bald Mountain. No roads or trails go to the summit although the peak is most easily accessed from trails at the end of road 117.
 The Scheggia Pass is a pass in Italy that marks the division between the Central and Northern Apennines. It is in northern Umbria and lies between Gubbio and Cagli at 632 meters.
 Island Saddle (1347 m or 4419 ft above sea level) is an alpine pass that is located in the Crimea Range Canterbury New Zealand. The pass is on the Rainbow Valley-Hanmer Road.
 The Bohol Sea also called the Mindanao Sea is located between Visayas and Mindanao in the Philippines. It lies south of Bohol and Leyte and north of Mindanao.
 Lake Ruovesi is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is situated in the municipalities of Ruovesi and Mänttä-Vilppula in the Pirkanmaa region in western Finland. The lake is a part of the Kokemäenjoki basin and its main inflows are the Lake Tarjanne in north and the Lake Kuorevesi in the east. The lake drains into the lake Palovesi in south which in its turn drains into the lake Näsijärvi.
 The Masherbrum Mountains are a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range in Ghanche District Baltistan region of the Gilgit-Baltistan province in northern Pakistan.
 Søråsen is a mountain of Hordaland in southern Norway.
 The Hotlum Glacier is a glacier situated on the northeast flank of Mount Shasta in the US state of California. It is the largest and most voluminous glacier in California although not as thick or long as the nearby Whitney Glacier. The Hotlum Glacier flows from a large cirque on the northeast side of Mount Shasta's main summit below the Hotlum Headwall at roughly 13600 ft (4100 m).
 Lake Ewauna is a lake in Klamath Falls Oregon United States. It is the headwaters of the Klamath River. Fed by Link River from Upper Klamath Lake and controlled by the release of water from Keno Dam 18 mi (29 km) downstream Lake Ewauna stays at a constant level throughout the year.
 The Rimea Aristarchus is a system of narrow sinuous rilles to the north of the Aristarchus crater. They extend for a distance of 121 km.
 Lake Ella is a lake in central Tallahassee Florida on US 27 just south of Tharpe Street and just north of Downtown. Lake Ella has an area of 12 acres (49000 m²). Once used for cattle it now has three fountains and is used for recreation flood protection and stormwater pollution control.
 The Pârâul Frumos is a tributary of the Telciu River in Romania.
 The Hudson Mountains is a group of parasitic cones forming nunataks just above the Antarctic ice sheet in west Ellsworth Land. They lie just east of Cranton Bay and Pine Island Bay at the eastern extremity of Amundsen Sea and are bounded on the north by Cosgrove Ice Shelf and on the south by Pine Island Glacier.
 Canopus Lake is a small lake within Clarence Fahnestock State Park in northern Putnam County New York USA. The lake is about 1.5 miles (2.0 km) long and 1/4 mile (0.4 km) wide at its widest point. Immediately to its east is Pelton Pond. The lake is on NY 301 just west of the Taconic State Parkway.The beach at the lake is called the jewel of the park and is used for swimming boating and fishing. In the winter some cross-country skiers use the flat surface as a trail.
 The Lamar River is a tributary of the Yellowstone River approximately 40 miles (48 km) long in northwestern Wyoming in the United States. The river is located entirely within Yellowstone National Park.
 Matchlee Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 37 km (23 mi) southeast of Gold River and 10 km (6 mi) west of Mount Myra.
 The Ramura Mică River is a tributary of the Tărlung River in Romania.
 The Aniene River (in Latin: Anio; formerly called the Teverone) is a 98 km river in Lazio Italy. It originates in the mountains at Trevi nel Lazio and flows westward past Subiaco Vicovaro and Tivoli into the Tiber. In antiquity most of the Roman aqueducts had their sources either at the Aniene or the streams flowing into it.Notable historic bridges across the river include the Ponte Nomentano Ponte Salario and Ponte di San Francesco all of which were originally fortified with towers.
 Bose is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon in the southern hemisphere. It lies just to the northwest of the smaller crater Bhabha and southeast of Alder.The outer rim of Bose has become worn and the edges rounded by impacts although the shape of the wall is still well-preserved. The small satellite crater Bose D lies across the east-northeastern rim and a smaller craterlet has impacted on the inner southeast wall.
 Big Tujunga Creek is a major stream in Los Angeles County in the U.S. state of California. From its headwaters high in the San Gabriel Mountains it flows generally southwest for 28.8 miles (46.3 km) joining Little Tujunga Creek to form the Tujunga Wash near Pacoima. The stream is sometimes considered as one with the Tujunga Wash which is the continuation of Big Tujunga to the Los Angeles River bringing the total length to more than 40 miles (64 km).
 Mount Meek Pass is a pedestrian mountain pass located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The pass is situated at 9718 ft (2962 m) above sea level and is accessed by way of the Teton Crest Trail and is immediately east of Mount Meek. Mount Meek Pass is more the 12 mi (19 km) from the nearest trailhead.
 The Dry River is a river in the Northern Territory of Australia. It is a tributary of the King River which eventually flows into the Timor Sea.The river's catchment covers an area of 3000 km². The eastern parts of the catchment are bounded by the Sturt Plateau. Upper parts of the river have been described as weakly developed.Western Creek was once a major tributary of the Dry River but it now flows into Elsey Creek.
 The Hikurua River is a river of the far north of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southeast from rough hill country south of the Whangaroa Harbour reaching the sea at Takou Bay eight kilometres south of the Cavalli Islands.
 The Pleșa River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 The Veleka (Bulgarian: Велека Turkish: Kocadere) is a river in the very southeast of Bulgaria (Burgas Province) as well as the very northeast of European Turkey. It is 147 km long of which 123 km in Bulgaria and 25 km in Turkey and takes it sources from a number of Karst springs in the Turkish part of the Strandzha (İstranca) mountain to flow into the Black Sea at the Bulgarian village of Sinemorets.The river's width near the mouth is from 8 to 10 m and its depth ranges from 2 to 4 m.
 Mount Ōyama (大山 Ō-yama) also Mount Afuri (阿夫利山 or 雨降り山 Afuri-yama) or Mount Kunimi (Kunimi-yama) is a 1252 metres (4108 ft) high mountain situated on the border of Isehara Hadano and Atsugi in Kanagawa Prefecture Japan. Together with Mount Tanzawa and other mountains in the Tanzawa Mountains it forms the Tanzawa-Ōyama Quasi-National Park. Mount Ōyama is a popular sightseeing spot in Kanagawa Prefecture.
 P'itiqucha (Quechua p'iti to divide by pulling powerfully to the extremes / gap interruption qucha lake lagoon gap lake hispanicized spelling Piticocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ancash Region Pallasca Province Cabana District.
 Lollenbach is a stream of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. It spring is between Ergste (a district of Schwerte) and Letmathe. Near Reingsen a district of Schwerte Lollenbach and Reingser Bach merge to form the Elsebach
 The Glâmbocel River is a tributary of the Budișteanca River in Romania.
 Livingston Peak el. 9295 feet (2833 m) is a mountain peak in the Absaroka Range near Livingston Montana. The peak is located within the Gallatin National Forest and the Absaroka-Beartooth Wilderness.
 Lake Hamana (浜名湖 Hamana-ko) in Shizuoka Prefecture is Japan's tenth largest lake (by area). It spans the boundaries of the cities of Hamamatsu and Kosai.
 Naifer Bach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Sangwonsan is a mountain in the county of Jeongseon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 862 m (2828 ft).
 Groesbeck Creek is a river in Texas.A tributary of the Red River.
 The Herrera River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Kartsakhi Lake (Georgian: კარწახის ტბა [karts'akhis tba] also Lake Khozapini Georgian: ხოზაფინის ტბა [khozap'inis tba]) is a lake of Samtskhe-Javakheti southern Georgia lying on the Turkish border. It is the second largest lake in the country covering an area of 26.3 or 26.6 square kilometres at an altitude of 1799 m. An important bird habitat it holds one of the largest populations of Eurasian Eagle-owl in the country with the Dalmatian Pelican and Great White Pelican.
 Gullrock Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Los Pinos River is a tributary of the San Juan River in northern New Mexico in the United States. The stream flows from a source near Weminuche Pass in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado to a confluence with the San Juan River at Navajo Lake in San Juan County New Mexico.
 Ozernoy (Russian: Озерной) is a small shield volcano located in the southern part of the Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia. The massive Ksudach volcano is located nearby.
 Fukutoku-Okanoba (福徳岡ノ場) is a submarine volcano that is part of the Volcano Islands in the Bonin Islands of Japan. It is located 5 kilometers northeast of the island of South Iwo Jima.
 The Lac de Guiers or Lake Guiers is a lake in northern Senegal south of the city of Richard-Toll and in the Louga and Saint-Louis regions.
 The Lozna Mare River is a headwater of the Lozna River in Romania.
 The Bridgeport Valley is a large fertile mountain basin between the eastern Sierra Nevada and the Bodie Hills of the U.S. state of California. The valley is 10 miles (16 km) long and 7.5 miles (12.1 km) wide and is used primarily for ranching. The East Walker River is the main stream flowing through the Bridgeport Valley; tributaries include Robinson and Swauger Creeks.
 Askevatnet is a lake in the municipality of Askøy in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Marsh River is a 3.9-mile-long (6.3 km) tidal river in Newcastle Maine in the United States. It is a tributary of the Sheepscot River.The Marsh River is formed at the confluence of Deer Meadow Brook and the outlet of Sherman Lake in the western corner of Newcastle and flows west north and west again to join the Sheepscot at the town boundary between Newcastle and Wiscasset.
 Mount Yari (槍ヶ岳 Yari-ga-take) is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains. The 3180 m (10433 ft) high peak lies in the southern part of the Hida Mountains (Northern Alps) of Japan on the border of Ōmachi and Matsumoto in Nagano Prefecture and Takayama in Gifu Prefecture. The priest Banryū (1786–1840) founded a temple there.
 Lopez Lake is a reservoir near the city of Arroyo Grande in San Luis Obispo County California. The lake is formed by Lopez Dam on Arroyo Grande Creek 9 mi (14 km) upstream from the Pacific Ocean. The creek drains about 60 sq mi (160 km2) above the dam and 90 sq mi (230 km2) below. The dam was built in 1969 and is operated by the San Luis Obispo County Flood Control and Water Conservation District. The earth-fill dam was retrofitted to protect against earthquakes between 2001 and 2003.
 The White Drin (Albanian: Drini i Bardhë; Serbian: Бели Дрим or Beli Drim; Turkish: Akdrin) is a river in Kosovo and northern Albania a 175-kilometre (109 mi)-long headstream of the Drin.
 Col Agnel (Italian: Colle dell'Agnello) is a mountain pass in the Cottian Alps west of Monte Viso between France and Italy which links the Queyras valley (Hautes-Alpes) with Pontechianale in the province of Cuneo Piedmont.At 2744 m (9003 ft) it is the sixth highest paved road pass of the Alps after Stelvio Pass and Col de l'Iseran.Despite being the highest international pass of the Alps Col Agnel is somewhat unknown and not heavily used.
 The Pârâul Sărat is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 The Gileppe is a river in Belgium with a length of about 20 km. It is a left tributary of the Vesdre. Its source is in the High Fens of eastern Belgium. The Gileppe flows through an artificial lake (Lac de la Gileppe) built in 1867-1878 and enlarged to 1.3 square kilometres in 1968-1971 creaed by the Gileppe Dam. The Gileppe flows into the Vesdre near Limbourg.de:Gileppe-Talsperre
 Qinghai Lake or Tsongon Po (Chinese: 青海湖; Tibetan: མཚོ་སྔོན་པོ། ) is the largest lake in People's Republic of China. Located in Qinghai province on an endorheic basin Qinghai Lake is classified as a saline and alkaline lake. Qinghai Lake has a surface area of 4317 square km; an average depth of 21m and a maximum depth of 25.5m as measured in 2008. Both the current Chinese name Qinghai and the older Mongolian name Kokonor translate to Blue Lake or Teal Sea are used in English.
 Alex Tor is a conical hill 291 metres (955 ft) high located in the west of Bodmin Moor in the county of Cornwall England.At the summit of Alex Tor are granite rock outcrops and a large and intricate tor cairn. There are panoramic views from the summit plateau and other tors visible include: Rough Tor Brown Willy Showery Tor Garrow Tor and Butter's Tor.Parking is possible on the lane running SW to NE past the tor but not beyond the Private Road sign.
 Schelde (Dill) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Gray Hills are a mountain range in Lyon County Nevada.
 Hector Lake is a small glacial lake in western Alberta Canada. It is located on the Bow River in the Canadian Rockies.It is named after James Hector a geologist and naturalist with the Palliser Expedition.The lake is formed in a valley of the Waputik Range north of the Waputik Icefield between Pulpit Peak Mount Balfour Crowfoot Mountain and Bow Peak.
 Phils River a watercourse that is part of the Lachlan catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the central western region of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range near Thalaba below Big Magpie Hill and flows generally north–east before reaching its confluence with the Bolong River east of Blanket Flat.
 Pferdskopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Genista Cave 2 is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Silesian Beskids (Polish: Beskid Śląski  Czech: Slezské Beskydy  German: Schlesische Beskiden) is one of the Beskids mountain ranges in Outer Western Carpathians in southern Silesian Voivodeship Poland and the eastern Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. Most of the range lies in Poland. It is separated from the Moravian-Silesian Beskids by the Jablunkov Pass.The Polish part of the range includes the protected area called Silesian Beskids Landscape Park.
 Mount Bellamy is a mountain in the Owen Stanley Range in south-eastern Papua New Guinea. The mountain rises to 2250 metres (7400 ft).
 Gravatnet is a lake in the municipality of Sirdal in Vest-Agder county Norway.
 Trillkebach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Santo Antônio River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Monte Miletto is a mountain of Campania Italy. It has an elevation of 2070 metres above sea level.
 The Teesta River (Pron:ti:ˈstə) or Tista (Nepali: टिष्टा Hindi टीस्ता Bengali তিস্তা) is said to be the lifeline of the Indian state of Sikkim flowing for almost the entire length of the state and carving out verdant Himalayan temperate and tropical river valleys. The river then forms the border between Sikkim and West Bengal before joining the Brahmaputra as a tributary in Bangladesh. The total length of the river is 309 km (192 mi) It drains an area of 12540 km².
 The Begheiu Mic River or Bega Mică River or Teba River is a tributary of the Timișaț Canal in Romania. Although small it has significant cultural significance to the locals.
 Acidalia Planitia is a plain on Mars. It is located between the Tharsis volcanic province and Arabia Terra to the north of Valles Marineris centered at 46.7°N 338.0°E﻿ / 46.7; 338.0. The plain contains the famous Cydonia region at the contact with the heavily cratered highland terrain.The plain is named after a corresponding albedo feature on a map by Giovanni Schiaparelli which was in turn named after the mythological fountain of Acidalia.
 Nangpa La (el. 5806 m or 19050 ft) is a high mountain pass crossing the Himalayas and the Nepal-Tibet Autonomous Region border a few kilometres west of Cho Oyu and some 30 km (20 mi) northwest of Mount Everest. A foot-trail over Nangpa La is the traditional trade and pilgrimage route connecting Tibetans and Sherpas of Khumbu.
 Lake Ilsanjo is a man-made lake located in Annadel State Park east of Santa Rosa in Sonoma County California United States. It is a place for fishing and swimming especially in the summer months. Entrepreneur Joe Coney originally owned the land that is now Annadel State Park and named the lake after his wife Ilsa and himself. Thus it came to be called Lake Ilsanjo. It drains into Spring Creek.The lake is formed by a dam constructed in the 1950s.
 Jagodnja (Serbian Cyrillic: Јагодња) is a mountain in western Serbia near the town of Krupanj. Its highest peak Košutnja Stopa has an elevation of 939 meters above sea level.The peak of Mačkov kamen (923 m 44°19′44″N 19°17′33″E) was the site of one of bloodiest battles in World War I between Serbian and Austro-Hungarian army during the Battle of Drina. There is a monument (Memorial ossuary Mačkov kamen) dedicated to the fallen Serbian soldiers.
 Lac de Pont-de-Salars is a lake in Aveyron France. At an elevation of 718 m its surface area is 1.82 km².
 The Laurel River is a 42-mile (68 km) tributary of the Cumberland River in southeast Kentucky in the United States. The river drains a rural region in the foothills of the Appalachian Mountains in parts of Whitley and Laurel Counties.
 The more northerly of the two Esk Rivers in New Zealand lies in Hawke's Bay in the eastern North Island. One of the region's major rivers it flows south from the slopes of Mount Taraponui in the Maungaharuru Range before turning east to reach Hawke Bay 10 kilometres to the north of Napier. State Highway 5 follows the lower course of the river for several kilometres close to the settlement of Eskdale.
 The Șandru River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania. The road from Câmpulung Moldovenesc to Stulpicani through the Prihodişte Pass follows the course of the Șandru River.
 The Iezerul Mare is a headwater of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Quino River is a river of Chile.
 The River Sett is a river that flows through the High Peak borough of Derbyshire in north western England. It rises near Edale Cross on Kinder Scout and flows through the villages of Hayfield and Birch Vale to join the River Goyt at New Mills. The River Goyt is one of the principal tributaries of the River Mersey.The 2.5-mile Sett Valley Trail follows the trackbed of the former railway line between Hayfield and New Mills.
 Epigenes is a lunar crater that is located in the north part of the Moon and is sufficiently close to the northern limb to appear significantly foreshortened from the Earth. It lies just to the northwest of the remains of the walled plain W. Bond. Due north of Epigenes is Goldschmidt and the ruined crater Birmingham lies just to the southwest.This formation is a picture in contrasts.
 The Blättersberg near Rhodt unter Rietburg in the Rhenish-Palatine county of Südliche Weinstraße is a mountain 613.2 m above sea level in the Palatine Forest in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate.The mountain has a north summit (613.2 m) and a south summit (606 m); on the latter is the Ludwig observation tower.
 Lake Abijatta is an alkaline lake in Ethiopia. It lies in the Main Ethiopian Rift valley south of Addis Ababa in the Abijatta-Shalla National Park.
 The Windermere Hills are a mountain range in Elko County Nevada.
 The Ypané River (Spanish Río Ypané) is a river of Paraguay. It is a tributary of the Paraguay River.
 The Cutuchi River is a river of Ecuador.
 Bahia Honda is a bay in La Guajira Colombia on the Atlantic Ocean. It lies approximately 40 miles (64 km) from the Venezuelan border on the Guajira Peninsula in the northeast region of Colombia. The bay opens to the Caribbean Sea.
 Danwolbong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 778 metres
 The Scuppernong River is a blackwater river that flows through Tyrrell County and Washington County North Carolina into the Albemarle Sound. It is a tributary of the Pasquotank River Basin.
 Niemur River a perennial stream of the Murray catchment and part of the Murray-Darling basin is located in the western Riverina region of south western New South Wales Australia.The river leaves Edward River near Moonahcullah flowing generally west north-west joined by five minor tributaries before reaching its confluence with the Wakool River north of Swan Hill; descending 29 metres (95 ft) over its 155 kilometres (96 mi) course.
 Bellot Mountain is a mountain in Passaic County New Jersey. The peak rises to 745 feet (227 m) and overlooks Wanaque Reservoir to the west. It is part of the Ramapo Mountains.
 Wartberg is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 Lake Magadi is the southernmost lake in the Kenyan Rift Valley lying in a catchment of faulted volcanic rocks north of Tanzania's Lake Natron. During the dry season it is 80% covered by soda and is well known for its wading birds including flamingos.Lake Magadi is a saline alkaline lake approximately 100 square kilometers in size that lies in a graben. The lake is an example of a saline pan.
 Lake Gore is a seasonal and semi-permanent lake in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia located approximately 24 km (15 mi) West of Esperance. It is an important site for waterbirds.
 The Klamputis is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 4.1 kilometres.
 Klusensprung is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Skaget is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Nevados de Chillán is a group of stratovolcanoes located in the Andes of the Bío Bío Region Chile and is one of the most active volcanoes in the region. It consists of three overlapping peaks 3212 m (10538 ft) Cerro Blanco (Volcán Nevado) at the northwest and 3089 m (10135 ft) Volcán Viejo (Volcán Chillán) at the southeast with Volcán Nuevo in the middle.
 The Valea Cășăriei River is a left tributary of the Prahova River in the area of Cumpătu Sinaia Romania.
 The Río Cayaguas is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Baydarata Bay (Russian: Байдарацкая губа Baydaratskaya guba) is a gulf in Russia located in the southern part of the Kara Sea between the coastline of the Northern termination of the Ural Mountains (Polar Ural) and Yamal Peninsula. The length of the gulf is approx. 180 km mouth width - 78 km depth - up to 20 m. Surface water temperature is 5-6C during summertime. The gulf freezes up during winter. The rivers Baydarata Yuribey Kara and some others flow into the Baydarata Bay.
 Goat Rock Lake is a 940-acre (3.8 km2) reservoir on the Chattahoochee River which lies directly south of Bartlett's Ferry Dam (Lake Harding) and north of Lake Oliver. The lake is created by the Goat Rock Dam and Generating Plant. The name of the dam and lake date to the construction of the dam in 1912.
 Pahvant Butte or Pavant Butte is a butte formed by a dormant volcano in the west-central portion of Utah. It is located in the Sevier Desert in the Pahvant Valley 15.7 miles (25.3 km) south of Delta and five miles east of Clear Lake and the Clear Lake Wildlife Management Area.The butte has two peaks. The north peak has an elevation of 5751 ft (1753 m) and the south peak reaches 5486 ft (1672 m). The peaks are about 1000 feet above the surrounding valley floor.
 Whiddon Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is 1.7 kilometres (1.1 mi) long and .7 kilometres (0.4 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 332 metres (1089 ft) about 18.5 kilometres (11.5 mi) northeast of the community of Armstrong. The primary outflow is an unnamed creek that joins the Whitesand River at a point between the mouth of Blackett Creek upstream and Whitesand Lake downstream.
 Pääjärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It belongs to the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in Karstula in the region of Keski-Suomi. The north part of the lake belongs to the Natura 2000 environment protection program (number FI0900141).
 The Nemiscau River is a river in Quebec Canada. It flows into Lake Nemiscau.
 Ben Bhraggie (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn a' Bhragaidh) rises to an elevation of 397 metres (1302 ft) above sea level. The hill dominates the skyline above the village of Golspie and is visible from many parts of east Sutherland. The 100 foot tall statue which is perched on top is that of George Leveson-Gower Marquess of Stafford and first Duke of Sutherland who became notorious through the part he played in the Highland clearances.
 The Ugruțiu River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Talalpsee or Talsee is a lake at an elevation of 1086 m above Filzbach in the Canton of Glarus Switzerland. Its surface area is 3.2 ha.
 The Pascua River is a river located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile.
 Bayle Mountain is a mountain located in Carroll County New Hampshire standing above Conner Pond.
 The Afon Lledr (English: River Lledr) is a river in north-west Wales and the second major tributary of the River Conwy.The Lledr has its source on the eastern slopes of Ysgafell Wen which lies between Moel Siabod and Cnicht. It flows in a north-easterly direction towards Blaenau Dolwyddelan where Ceunant Ty'n y Ddol joins it then flows under the so-called Roman Bridge (Welsh: Pont Rufeining) and past Dolwyddelan where Afon Penamnen joins it.
 The Szetye River is a tributary of the Râul Primejdios in Romania.
 Mount Ellinor is a peak in the Olympic Mountains of Washington United States. It is located in an area designated as the Mount Skokomish Wilderness. The mountain is a popular day hike in the summer months being that the summit is reachable via a steep-but-brief 3.3-mile (5.3 km) trail which gains about 3200 feet (980 m) in elevation from the lower of two trailheads. Mountain goats are frequently observable along this trail but it is advisable to keep a safe distance from them.
 Gasherbrum III (Urdu: گاشر برم -3‎; simplified Chinese: 加舒尔布鲁木III峰; traditional Chinese: 加舒爾布魯木III峰; pinyin: Jiāshūěrbùlǔmù III Fēng) is a summit in the Gasherbrum massif of the Baltoro Muztagh a subrange of the Karakoram on the border between Northern Areas of Pakistan and Xinjiang China in the region of Baltistan.
 Tazlina Lake is a body of water 21 miles (34 km) long in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is at the head of the Tazlina River 1 mile (1.6 km) north of the 1952 terminus of Tazlina Glacier and 62 miles (100 km) north of Valdez in the Copper River basin.
 The Similaun is a mountain in the Schnalskamm group of the Ötztal Alps. It is on the Austrian-Italian border. At 3606 m it is Austria's sixth highest summit. It was first ascended in 1834 by Josef Raffeiner and Theodor Kaserer. It is most famous for being the mountain on whose slopes Helmut Simon and Erika Simon discovered Ötzi the Iceman in 1991.
 The Saschiz River is a tributary of the Scroafa River in Romania.
 The Black Duck River is a short river in St. Mary's Bay Newfoundland and Labrador Canada. It flows from its source through the Black Duck Ponds to its mouth at the Rocky River near the community of Colinet just upstream of that river's mouth at St. Mary's Bay on the Atlantic Ocean.
 Bow Mountain (13025 ft (3970 m)) is located in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Situated 1 mi (1.6 km) west of American Legion Peak Bow Mountain is in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest. Stroud Glacier lies just to the north of the peak. Bow Mountain is the 29th tallest peak in Wyoming.
 Paranoá Lake or Lago do Paranoá is an artificial lake located in Brasília the capital of Brazil. On the east side of the city the Paranoá River has been dammed to form this large lake which has a circumference of 80 km (50 mi).
 The Valea Pietrei Mari River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Whitelake River is a small river on the Somerset Levels England.The river rises between two low limestone ridges part of the southern edge of the Mendip Hills. The confluence of the two small streams that make the Whitelake River is on Worthy Farm which is the site of the Glastonbury Festival between the small villages of Pilton and Pylle.
 The Lunca River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Cana Brava River (Paranã River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Giant Mountain is the twelfth highest peak in the High Peaks Region of the Adirondack Park in New York USA. The peak is also known as Giant of the Valley due to its stature looking over Keene Valley and St. Huberts to the west. The prominent rock slides on the mountain's steep western face and its location away from most other large peaks make it quite an imposing figure leading to its name.
 Mount Muir is a peak in the Sierra Nevada of California 0.95 miles (1.5 km) south of Mount Whitney. This 14018-foot (4273 m) peak is named in honor of Scottish-born American John Muir a famous geologist conservationist and founder of the Sierra Club. The southernmost section of the John Muir Trail contours along the west side of Mount Muir near its summit and ends on the summit of Mount Whitney.
 Krebsbach (Schwarzbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake Helen is a lake in the U.S. state of Wyoming's Big Horn Mountains. It is in the Cloud Peak Wilderness Area and may only be accessed by backpacking or on horse. The elevation of the lake is 9968 feet.
 The Izvorul Bârledelor River is a tributary of the Valea Vinului River in Romania.
 The Valea Muierii River is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
 Juratinden or Gjuratinden is a mountain on the border of the municipalities of Nesset and Rauma in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) east of Isfjorden and about 20 kilometres (12 mi) east of Åndalsnes. The lake Eikesdalsvatnet lies about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) to the east of the mountain. The mountain Kyrkjetaket lies about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) to the northwest.The mountain is 1712 metres (5617 ft) tall.
 The Manea River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 Inhumas River is a river of Alagoas and Pernambuco states in eastern Brazil.
 The Plantain Garden River is a river in the parish of St Thomas on the island of Jamaica. It is the only major river in Jamaica that does not flow in a northerly or southerly direction.
 Jutai River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Pęzinka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Krąpiel.
 Rovdefjorden is a fjord (more precisely a strait) in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The fjord runs through the municipalities of Sande Herøy Vanylven Volda Ørsta and a tiny part of Ulstein. The eastern end of the fjord connects with the Vartdalsfjorden and Voldsfjorden and the western end of the fjord connects with the Hallefjorden. The Syvdsfjorden branches off the Rovdefjorden to the south.
 The River Chew is a small river in England. It merges with the River Avon after 17 miles (27 km) forming the Chew Valley.The spring from which the Chew rises is just upstream from Chewton Mendip. The river flows North West from Chewton Mendip through Litton Chew Valley Lake Chew Stoke Chew Magna and Stanton Drew. The river passes under the A37 at Pensford almost making the old church and pub garden into an island.
 See also UAB Lelija Company in LithuaniaLelija is a mountain range within the Sutjeska National Park Republic of Srpska Bosnia and Herzegovina. It has an altitude of 2032 metres (6667 ft). Geographically it is part of the Dinaric Alps of southern Bosnia and Herzegovina located south of Kalinovik within the territory of the Republika Srpska.
 The Mcciar River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania.
 Carbonate Mountain elevation 13670 ft (4170 m) is a summit in the Sawatch Range of central Colorado. The mountain is northeast of Monarch in the San Isabel National Forest.
 The North Pahroc Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada. The BLM Big Rocks Wilderness Area protects 12997 acres (5260 ha) of the southernmost portion of the North Pahroc Range. To the south is the South Pahroc Range Wilderness.
 The Hodder River is a river of the northeastern South Island of New Zealand. It flows north from the northwestern slopes of Mount Tapuae-o-Uenuku joining with the Awatere River 40 kilometres southwest of Seddon.
 Schillerbach is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Burghasunger Berg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Turbați River is a tributary of the Blahniţa River in Romania.
 Wolf Creek Pass is also the name of the C.W. McCall album which contains a song named for the pass and also refers to a portion of Utah State Route 35.Wolf Creek Pass (el. 10857 ft.) is a high mountain pass on the Continental Divide in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado. It is the route through which U.S. Highway 160 passes from the San Luis Valley into southwest Colorado on its way to New Mexico and Arizona. The pass is notable as inspiration of a C. W. McCall song.
 The Pouawa River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows predominantly southeast reaching the Pacific Ocean 15 kilometres northeast of Gisborne.
 The Cizer River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 The Lac de Chambon (Chambon Lake) is an artificial lake on the Creuse River France created by the Eguzon dam a hydroelectric dam. Beaches have been created around the lake the largest in the Centre Region. There is a sailing school on the lake near Eguzon. Canoes kayaks and pedalos can be hired in season. The lake is also very popular with waterskiers and anglers.It is not be confused with Lac Chambon in the Puy-de-Dôme department or Lac du Chambon in the Isère department.
 Mahudand Lake (Pashto: د ماهو ډنډ‎ - Lake of Fishes) is a lake about 40 km from Kalam in Ushu Valley Pakistan. It is accessible with a four-wheel drive vehicle and is a good location for fishing.
 The Chöpfenberg (1896 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Schwyz and Glarus. It lies on the range north of the Mutteristock between the valleys of the Wägitalersee and the Linth.
 The Gippsland Lakes are a network of lakes marshes and lagoons in east Gippsland Victoria Australia covering an area of about 354 square kilometres (137 sq mi). The largest of the lakes are Lake Wellington (Gunai language: Murla) Lake King and Lake Victoria. The lakes are collectively fed by the Avon Thomson Latrobe Mitchell Nicholson and Tambo rivers.
 Simpang-kanan River (Indonesian: Sungai Simpangkanan means: Right Junction River) is a river in southern Sumatra Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Simpang-kiri River.
 The Little Rock River is a tributary of the Rock River 74.5 miles (119.9 km) long in southwestern Minnesota and northwestern Iowa in the United States. Via the Rock Big Sioux and Missouri rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.According to the Geographic Names Information System it has also been known as Little Rock Creek.
 Pécloz is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Bauges range. It has an elevation of 2197 metres above sea level.
 Helmholtz is a lunar impact crater that is located near the south-southeast limb of the Moon. Attached to the south-southeast rim of Helmholtz is the somewhat smaller crater Neumayer. The larger crater Boussingault is nearly attached to the west-southwestern rim.The outer rim of Helmholtz is worn and rounded although not significantly disrupted. The edge of the rim can still be discerned around the perimeter although several small craters lie along the inner edge.
 The Klein Grünhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps situated north of the Gross Grünhorn in the canton of Valais.
 The Little River is a 96-mile-long (154 km) tributary of the Ouachita (Black) River in central Louisiana in the United States. Via the Ouachita and Red rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 The Piney River is an 8.3-mile-long (13.4 km) river in the U.S. state of Virginia. Rising in the northern part of Shenandoah National Park it is a tributary of the Thornton River and via the Hazel and Rappahannock rivers is part of the Chesapeake Bay watershed.
 Culebra Creek (also called Culebra River Río de la Culebra or Río Culebra) is a stream in Costilla County Colorado. It begins at the junction of El Valle and Carneros creeks and flows into the Rio Grande 11 miles east of Manassa Colorado.
 The Sattelhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Lötschenlücke in the canton of Valais. It lies west of the Aletschhorn between the Lang Glacier and the Oberaletsch Glacier.
 The Țigan River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 Temple Hill is a mountain in County Limerick Ireland.
 Oberth is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies in the high northern latitudes to the southeast of the crater Gamow. To the east of Oberth is Avogadro.This is a slightly eroded crater with a roughly circular but uneven outer rim. A pair of small crater-like depressions are attached to the northern rim and the inner wall is narrower along that section. There are slight outward bulges in the rim to the northwest and along the south.
 The Toaroha River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally north through a valley between the Toaroha and Diedrich Ranges to reach the Kokatahi River 25 kilometres southeast of Hokitika.
 The Catrina River is a tributary of the Tecșe River in Romania.
 Mount Byōbu (屏風岳 Byōbu-dake) is a mountain located on Uotsuri-jima of Senkaku Islands in Ishigaki Okinawa Japan. It is the second highest point of the island after Mount Narahara.
 Dosolbong is a mountain of Chungcheongbuk-do South Korea. It has an elevation of 1314 metres
 Iidesjärvi is a small lake in Tampere Finland. It is situated southeast of the center of Tampere. It has a tower built for birdwatchers on its east end.
 The Fleștenoaga River is a tributary of the Vaslui River in Romania.
 The Valea Caselor River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 The Teanaway River is a tributary of the Yakima River in the U.S. state of Washington. It flows into the Yakima River near Cle Elum. The Teanaway River is part of the Columbia River basin being a tributary of the Yakima River which is tributary to the Columbia River. The river's name comes from Sahaptin possibly /tyawnawí-ins/ drying place.
 Råcksta Träsk (Swedish: Råcksta Swamp) is a small lake in the western suburbs of Stockholm Sweden. Notwithstanding its location in the vicinity of the Swedish capital and high levels of lead and copper the lake is considered as an important breeding ground for frogs of moderate interest to pleasure fishing and of minor interest for birds. There are three other small lakes located nearby: Judarn Kyrksjön and Lillsjön.
 For other places with the same name see Grande Ronde (disambiguation).The Grande Ronde River (/ɡrænd rɑːnd/ or /ɡrænd raʊnd/) is a tributary of the Snake River 182 miles (293 km) long in northeastern Oregon and southeastern Washington in the United States. It drains an area southeast of the Blue Mountains and northwest of the Wallowa Mountains on the Columbia Plateau.
 Bibowee is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 20.1 m its surface area is 0.79 km².
 Mount Brewer is on the Great Western Divide a sub-range of the Sierra Nevada in California. It is located in Kings Canyon National ParkThe peak was named for William Henry Brewer who worked on the first California Geological Survey and was the first Chair of Agriculture at Yale University's Sheffield Scientific School. He was chief of the field party that explored the central High Sierra in 1864.
 The Maracanã River of Rio de Janeiro (Brazilian Portuguese: [maɾakɐˈnɐ̃] which in Tupi–Guarani means green bird) — is a river flowing in Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Rivière Canot is a river of Haiti.
 Krainke is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and Lower Saxony Germany.
 Rat Hole is one of the entrances to the Gaping Gill cave system located in the north bank of Fell Beck 30 metres (33 yd) upstream of Gaping Gill Main Shaft. A small awkward tube-like passage descends into a stream passage and hence to a 100-metre (330 ft) shaft into Gaping Gill Main Chamber.
 The Valea Gruiului is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 The River Kyle is a small river in North Yorkshire England. At just under 6 miles long it is one of the shortest classified main rivers in the country.
 Bell Rock is a popular tourist attraction just north of the Village of Oak Creek Arizona south of Sedona in Yavapai County. Its summit elevation is 4919 feet (1499 m) It is just west of Courthouse Butte.Geologically Bell Rock is a butte composed of horizontally bedded sedimentary rock of the Permian Supai Formation.Some New Age writers consider Bell Rock to be a portal into the Earth or a gateway to other dimensions.
 The Ebright Azimuth is the point with the highest benchmark monument elevation in Delaware. It is marked with a geodetic benchmark monument and has an elevation of 447.85 feet (136.50 m) above sea level.
 Uppu Aru lagoon is a lagoon in Jaffna District northern Sri Lanka. The lagoon separates the Valikamam region from the Thenmarachchi region.The lagoon is linked to Jaffna Lagoon by a short channel to the south. The lagoon's water is brackish. The lagoon is surrounded by a densely populated region containing palmyra palms coconut plantations grassland rice paddies and extensive vegetable gardens.The lagoon has extensive mudflats and salt marshes.
 The Barbu River is a tributary of the Râul Sec in Romania.
 The Caatinga River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Mocirla River is a headwater of the Pârâul Beldii in Romania
 West Alaska Lake is a small lake in Central Kewaunee County Wisconsin. The lake is home to bluegill brook trout largemouth bass and rainbow trout. The lake shares the area with its larger neighbor East Alaska Lake because of that the lake is a popular fishing destination.
 San Luis Creek originally Arroyo de San Luis Gonzaga is a stream in Merced County California. Its source is located in Merced County about 1000 ft (300 m) northwest of the 3448 ft (1051 m) Mariposa Peak on the Merced County - San Benito County boundary and 7.4 mi (11.9 km) south of Pacheco Pass. Its mouth is at its confluence with Los Banos Creek 3.6 mi (5.8 km) east of Ingomar California.
 Eagle Peak is located in the Warner Mountains in Modoc County California. The area is protected in the South Warner Wilderness on the Modoc National Forest. The summit is the highest point in the Warner Mountains and Modoc County. Much of the precipitation that falls on Eagle Peak is snow due to the high elevation of the mountain.
 Wiesau is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Kunhar River (Urdu: دریائے کنہار‎) also known as Nain Sukh Persian: eye's repose is 166 kilometres (103 mi) long river located primarily in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province northern Pakistan. It is in the Indus River watershed basin.
 The Afon Dwyryd is a river in Gwynedd North Wales which flows principally westwards draining to the sea into Tremadog Bay south of Porthmadog.The Dwyryd rises in the hills to the north of Ffestiniog. At its most northern extent water draining from Moelwyn Mawr drains into the Tanygrisiau Reservoir the outflow of which forms the source of the Afon Goedol. This is joined by the Afon Bowydd at grid reference: SH695438.
 Mount Lokon together with Mount Empung is a twin volcano (2.2 km or 1.4 mi apart) in the northern Sulawesi Indonesia roughly 10 km (6 mi) south of Manado. Both rise above the Tondano plain and are among active volcanoes of Sulawesi. Mount Lokon has a flat and craterless top.Its active crater is located on its foot named Tompaluan crater.Lokon formed during a period of andesitic volcanism on ring fractures resulting from the Tondano caldera's early to mid-Pleistocene collapse.
 Isle du Bois Creek is a river in Texas.
 Iron Mountain at 9694 feet (2955 m) high is one of the peaks of the Soldier Mountains of Idaho. Iron Mountain is located at the west end of the range northwest of Fairfield in Camas County and Sawtooth National Forest.While only a class 2 ascent the primary route up Iron Mountain is 11 miles (18 km) one way. The primary trail to the summit is open to use by two wheel motorized off-road vehicles. An old Forest Service fire lookout can be found on the summit.
 Dirichlet is a lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It is attached to the southern outer rim of the crater Henry. To the south-southeast is the much larger crater Tsander.This is a circular crater with a sharp-edged rim that is not significantly worn. There are slight outward protrusions along the eastern side. The sides of the inner walls have slumped down to form a ring of scree along the base.
 The Rio de la Plata is the longest river in the island of Puerto Rico. It is located in the north coast of the island. It flows from south to north and drains into the Atlantic Ocean about 11 miles (18 km) west of San Juan. The mouth of the river is a resort area with white sandy beaches. La Plata has a length of approximately 60.5 miles (97 kilometers) with its origin in the municipality of Guayama Puerto Rico at an altitude of approximately 2625 feet (800 meters) above sea level.
 Achelous is a relatively fresh crater on Ganymede adjacent to the similarly sized Gula. It has an outer lobate ejecta deposit extending about a crater radius from the rim. A characteristic feature of both craters almost identical in size is the pedestal - an outward-facing relatively gently sloped scarp that terminates the continuous ejecta blanket. Similar features may be seen in ejecta blankets of Martian craters suggesting impacts into a volatile (ice)-rich target material.
 Itcha Mountain is one of the two main volcanic peaks of the Itcha Range which is located in the Chilcotin District of the Central Interior of British Columbia Canada. It is in the Anahim Volcanic Belt which formed when the North American Plate moved over a hotspot similar to the one feeding the Hawaiian Islands. The Anahim Volcanic Belt includes other immediately nearby ranges the Rainbow and Ilgachuz Ranges.
 Ngga Pilimsit (or Mount Idenburg its colonial name) is a mountain located in the Indonesian province of Papua in the Maoke Mountains. It rises 4717 meters (15476 ft). It is a little over thirteen miles west-northwest of Puncak Jaya the highest peak of Oceania and Indonesia. The nearest peaks are Carstensz Pyramid (Puncak Jaya) Wataikwa Ubia Venusberg Otakwa and Papua Peak 4061. The peak ranks as the sixth highest mountain in Indonesia
 The Biertan River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Sauerbornsbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lake Lagunitas is a reservoir on Lagunitas Creek in Marin County California.It is one of seven reservoirs providing potable water to the Marin Municipal Water District. Built in 1873 it is the oldest and smallest lake in the Mount Tamalpais watershed.[citation needed]
 Morro Rock is a 581-foot (177 m) volcanic plug located just offshore from Morro Bay California at the entrance to Morro Bay Harbor. A causeway connects it with the shore effectively making it a tied island. The area surrounding the base of Morro Rock can be visited. The rock is protected as the Morro Rock State Preserve. Climbing on the rock or disturbing the bird life is forbidden by law.
 Little Bear Brook is a tributary of the Millstone River in Mercer County New Jersey in the United States.
 Canelles Reservoir is a reservoir in province of Huesca Aragon and province of Lleida Catalonia Spain.
 Barnsjön (Swedish for Child Lake) is a small lake within the Tyresån Lake System in Tyresö Municipality south of Stockholm Sweden.The lake situated between the residential areas Trollbäcken and Bollmora empties into Lake Tyresö-Flaten through the brook Prästängsdiket. It is regarded as an important local recreational milieu. It is popular for both fishing and bathing.There are two municipal baths by the lake.
 Baldpate Mountain is a mountain located in Oxford County Maine. Baldpate has two prominent peaks; West Peak has 3662 feet (1116 m) of elevation and stands 222 feet (68 m) above the col between them.Baldpate is flanked to the north by Surplus Mountain to the northeast by Black Mountain and to the southeast by Mount Hittie.
 Lac d'Arredoun is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 2326 m its surface area is 0.3 km².
 Dalbek is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Marano is a river in San Marino and Emilia–Romagna in Italy. The source of the river is southeast of Domagnano in San Marino. The river flows east and it forms part of the eastern border between the province of Rimini in Italy and San Marino. The river joins with the Fiumicello close to the easternmost point of San Marino. The river flows northeast past Ospedaletto and into the Adriatic Sea northwest of Riccione and southeast of Miramare. The Marano's tributaries include the Cando River.
 The Pârâul lui Mânjină is a tributary of the Bângăleasa River in Romania.
 Rush Lake is a high altitude lake located near Rush Pari Peak (5098 m). At over 4694 meters Rush is one of the highest alpine lakes in the world. It is located about 15 km north of Miar Peak and Spantik (Golden Peak) which are in the Nagar valley. Rush Lake and Rush Peak can be reached via Nagar and Hopar and via the Hopar Glacier (Bualtar Glacier) and Miar Glacier which rises from Miar and Phuparash peaks.
 Pegasus Bay is on the east coast of the South Island of New Zealand.
 Mount Stevenson el. 10230 feet (3120 m) is a mountain peak in the Absaroka Range of Yellowstone National Park. Mount Stevenson was named in 1871 by geologist Ferdinand Hayden during the Hayden Geological Survey of 1871 for his friend and chief assistant James Stevenson (1840–1888). Stevenson who had run away from home as a young boy first met Hayden in 1853 during an exploration of the Dakota Badlands. In 1866 Stevenson began working for Hayden and did so until 1879.
 Big Lake Butte des Morts (/ˌbjuːdəˈmɔər/) is an 8800-acre (36 km2) lake located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin and is part of the Winnebago Pool (also known as the Winnebago System). The lake is fed by the Fox River in the southwest and the Wolf River draining from Lake Winneconne in the northwest and drains via the Fox River southeast into Lake Winnebago. The lake is also part of the Butte des Morts region in Winnebago County Wisconsin.
 The Hill of Tara (Irish: Cnoc na Teamhrach Teamhair or Teamhair na Rí) located near the River Boyne is an archaeological complex that runs between Navan and Dunshaughlin in County Meath Ireland. It contains a number of ancient monuments and according to tradition was the seat of the High King of Ireland.
 The Blackstone River is a river in the U.S. states of Massachusetts and Rhode Island. It flows approximately 48 mi (80 km) and drains a watershed of approximately 540 sq. mi (1400 km²). Its long history of industrial use has left a legacy of pollution and was characterized by the United States Environmental Protection Agency in 1990 as the most polluted river in the country with respect to toxic sediments.
 Otbah is an impact crater on the southern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Otbah was first observed in Cassini images during that mission's March 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 39.8° South Latitude 159.5° West Longitude and is 9.4 kilometers across. A smaller impact occurred after the Otbah impact on the larger crater's southern rim forming an impact crater 3 kilometers across.
 Mount Kitatottabetsu (北戸蔦別岳 Kita-tottabetsu-dake) or Mount North Tottabetsu is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Hohe Warte (Spessart) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Udohöhe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The St. Mary River (sometimes represented as the St. Mary's River) is a river in the East Kootenay region of British Columbia. It rises in the Purcell Mountains and flows in a generally southeasterly direction to its confluence with the Kootenay River at Fort Steele British Columbia.
 Buffalo Hill (Chinese: 水牛山) is a hill located in Ma On Shan Country Park west of Sai Kung in the eastern half of Hong Kong. It is particularly well known for its peak resembling the head of a Buffalo when viewed from Sha Tin. MacLehose trail passes within 225 metres from the peak of the hill while smaller trails cut off the main MacLehose trail up to the peak of Buffalo Hill.
 Croce di Monte Bove is a mountain of Marche Italy. It has an elevation of 1905 metres above sea level.
 Drebbel is a small lunar crater that is located to the northeast of the large walled plain Schickard in the southwestern part of the Moon. Further to the northeast is the Lacus Excellentiae and the small crater Clausius.The rim of this crater is roughly circular with an outward bulge along the east and southeast side. Along this arc of the inner wall is s single terrace where the material has slumped downwards.
 Lake Natoma is an intermediate lake along the American River located between Folsom Dam and Nimbus Dam in Sacramento County in the U.S. state of California. The lake is located within the Folsom Lake State Recreation Area.It is a recreational lake for rowing kayaking and swimming. Powerboats are permitted with a 5 mph no wake restriction.
 The Little Grey River also known as the Māwheraiti is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand. It is a major tributary of the Grey River / Māwheranui which it joins at Ikamatua.The Little Grey rises in low hills above the Inangahua valley its source being only 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) from the Inangahua River. It flows generally southwest crossing the Maimai plain and the Ikamatua plain.
 The Tâmpa River or Tâmpu River ( Hungarian: Tompa-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. Its name originates from the Hungarian tompa meaning blunt so its name means Blunt Creek.
 The Grapevine Mountains are located along the eastern border of California in the United States. The mountain range is about 22 miles (35 km) long and lies in a northwest-southeasterly direction along the Nevada-California state line. The range reaches an elevation of 8738 feet (2663 m) at Grapevine Peak near Phinney Canyon on the Nevada side. The range lies in Inyo County California and Nye County Nevada. Daylight Pass is at the southern end of the range.
 Mons Delisle is a vaguely phallic shaped mountain on the Moon located on the edge of Mare Imbrium near the crater Delisle. It is elongated in shape and is about 30 km in diameter. The mountain was adopted and named after the nearby crater of the same name by the IAU in 1985.
 The First East Branch Magalloway River is a 7.0-mile-long (11.3 km) river in northwestern Maine. It is a tributary of the Magalloway River which flows to the Androscoggin River and ultimately to the tidal Kennebec River and the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Var River or Pârâul Cetății is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Cilician Gates or Gülek Pass is a pass through the Taurus Mountains connecting the low plains of Cilicia to the Anatolian Plateau by way of the narrow gorge of the Gökoluk River. Its highest elevation is about 1000m.The Cilician Gates have been a major commercial and military artery for millennia.
 The Caveiras River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 This article is about the lake. For other uses see Sjösmyrsjön (disambiguation).Sjösmyrsjön (english: Lake Swamp Lake) is a minor lake located in Hudiksvall Municipality Gävleborgs Län Sweden. The spelling has been debated invalid variants like Sjömyrasjön have often been suggested but the above presented spelling has gained more recognition lately.[citation needed] The debate has been severely complicated due to locals repeatedly pronouncing the lake Sessmosjön.
 The Humor River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 Marscholsee is a lake at San Bernardino Pass in the Grisons Switzerland. The lake is located at an elevation of 2053 m.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Oker is a river in Lower Saxony Germany that has historically formed an important political boundary. It is a left tributary of the River Aller 105 kilometres (65 mi) in length and runs in a generally northerly direction.
 Jirisan is a mountain in the southern region of South Korea. Some Koreans see it as one of the three most important mountains in South Korea with Hallasan and Seoraksan being the other two.The 1915m-high mountain is located in Jirisan National Park. The park spans three provinces (North South Jeolla and South Gyeongsang) and is the largest in Korea. The largest proportion of the national park is in the province of South Gyeongsang.
 Coosa Bald with an elevation of 4280 feet (1300 m) is tied with Double Spring Knob as the tenth-highest peak in Georgia. It is located in Union County and is the third-highest mountain in the county behind Blood Mountain and Slaughter Mountain. Coosa Bald is located in the Chattahoochee National Forest and its peak is crossed by the Duncan Ridge Trail a trail that connects with the Benton MacKaye Trail and the Appalachian Trail.
 The Jorquera River is a river of Chile.
 Corno Bianco (Weisshorn in German) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps. It's a popular climbing destination of Valsesia.
 Woodhead reservoir is a man-made lake near the hamlet of Woodhead in Longdendale in north Derbyshire. It was constructed by John Frederick Bateman between 1847 and June 1877 as part of the Longdendale chain to supply water from the River Etherow to the urban areas of Greater Manchester. It is at the top of the chain of reservoirs and was the first to be started though due to construction problems it was the last to be completed.
 Rock Creek is a free-flowing tributary of the Potomac River which empties into the Atlantic Ocean via the Chesapeake Bay. The creek is 32.6 miles (52.5 km) long with a drainage area of about 76.5 square miles (198 km2). The last quarter-mile (400 m) of the creek is affected by tides.
 Mount Kurama (鞍馬山 Kurama-yama) is a mountain to the north-west of the city of Kyoto. It is the birthplace of the Reiki practice and is said to be the home of Sōjōbō King of the Tengu who taught swordsmanship to Minamoto no Yoshitsune.
 O'Hara's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Sălard (Hungarian: Szalárd-patak) is a small river in the Gurghiu Mountains Mureş County northern Romania. It is a left tributary of the river Mureş. It flows through the municipality Lunca Bradului and joins the Mureș in the village Sălard. It is fed by several smaller streams including the Pârâul Rece and Jirca.
 The Highland Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada. Nearby ranges include the Bristol Range to the north the West Range to the northwest the Ely Springs Range to the west the Black Canyon Range to the southwest the Chief Range to the south and the Pioche Hills to the east. Mine workings in the range are associated with the historic Pioche silver mining district.
 Piz Uffiern is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located between the valleys of Curnera and Nalps in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Blas where runs the border with the canton of Ticino.
 The Aracatiaçu River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Poienari River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 Bukkehøe or Bukkehøi is a mountain in Lom Oppland Norway.
 Phillips is a lunar crater that is located in the vicinity of the Moon's east-southeastern limb. The larger walled plain Humboldt lies across the eastern rim of Phillips and the outer rampart covers nearly half the interior floor. The surviving rim is eroded in places and not quite circular.The northern end of the crater's rim forms an outward-projecting bend and the inner wall is diminished along that side. There is a small circular crater along the western rim.
 The Rabbit River is an 8.6-mile-long (13.8 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in northern Minnesota United States. It rises at the outlet of Rabbit Lake north of Crosby and flows southwest through a chain of lakes past Ironton joining the Mississippi River at the outlet of Little Rabbit Lake northwest of Riverton.
 Zarnow is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Cerro Armazones is a mountain located in the Sierra Vicuña Mackenna of the Chilean Coast Range approximately 130 km (81 mi) south-east of Antofagasta in the Antofagasta Region Chile. It has a height of 3064 m (10052 ft) and is located in a privileged zone for optical astronomy because it has 89% cloudless nights a year.
 The Maramataha River is a river in the Manawatu-Wanganui Region of New Zealand. The river rises west of Lake Taupo and flows generally west to become a tributary of the Ongarue River.
 The Cenușeroaia River is a tributary of the Limbăşelu River in Romania.
 The Néouvielle massif is a group of mountains in the Pyrenees in France notable for its lakes and its microclimate.
 The Lyne Water is a tributary of the River Tweed which rises in the Pentland Hills of southern Scotland at Baddinsgill Reservoir. It runs through West Linton and Romannobridge passes Flemington and Lyne Station and enters the Tweed west of Peebles. It floods regularly in winter and occasionally in summer.
 Gra de Fajol is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2714 metres (8904 ft) above sea level.
 The Săvuleşti River is a tributary of the Iara river in Romania.
 Willkamayu (Quechua hispanicized spelling Huyllcamayo) is a river in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Victor Fajardo Province Huancapi District. It is an affluent of the Pampas River.Willkamayu originates near the village Llusita at the confluence of the rivers Urqu Mayu (Orcco Mayo) and Kachimayu (Cachimayo) of the Huancaraylla District. Its direction is mainly to the north. It flows almost parallel to the river Kinwamayu east of the Willkamayu.
 The Ihuraua River is a river of the southern North Island of New Zealand. It flows north from its source southeast of Eketahuna joining with several streams to become the Tiraumea River north of Alfredton.
 Gore Pass (el. 2903 m./9527 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of northwestern Colorado in the United States.The pass crosses a gap in the northern end of the Gore Range in southwestern Grand County west of Kremmling. The pass provides the route of State Highway 134 east of Toponas furnishing a motor vehicle route between Middle Park and the valley of the Yampa River to the west. It has a mild approach to the west while the east side has a moderate 5.4% grade.
 The Crișul Mic River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania
 The Peconic River is a river in Long Island's Suffolk County New York in the United States. The river is located in the eastern end of Long Island. The Peconic River drains an area between the Harbor Hill and Ronkonkoma terminal moraines and flows into Flanders Bay which in turn connects to Peconic Bay east of Riverhead.The river originates in bogs and wetlands in central Long Island near the Brookhaven National Laboratory and flows eastward to the Peconic Bay.
 Jansen is lunar crater in the north part of the Mare Tranquillitatis. It is located to the east-southeast of the crater Plinius. The rim of Jansen is low and narrow with a notch along the western edge. The interior is relatively level which may indicate it has been covered by lava.
 The Jequiá River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 K12 is the second highest peak in the Saltoro Mountains a subrange of the Karakoram range in the Siachen region near Jammu and Kashmir. It lies near the Line of Control. Its name comes from its designation given during the original survey of the Karakoram range.K12 lies to the southwest of the Siachen Glacier; the K12 glacier heads on its northeast slopes and feeds the Siachen.
 Shahkush (Persian: شاه کش ‎; mountain which attracts the king) is a mountain in Baghlan in Afghanistan. It is located near the settlement Shah Kush. It is at the coordinates (35° 37' 20.4 N 69° 6' 44.8 E).
 The Zăvoarele River is a tributary of the Telejenel River in Romania.
 The Dry Hills are a mountain range in Eureka County Nevada.
 Keechelus Lake is a lake and reservoir in Washington state USA. It is the source of the Yakima River. Keechelus Lake is the western lake of the three large lakes near Interstate 90 and north of the Yakima River in the Cascade Range the other two being Kachess Lake and Cle Elum Lake.
 Esopus Creek is a 65.4-mile-long (105.3 km) tributary of the Hudson River that drains the east-central Catskill Mountains of the U.S. state of New York. From its source at Winnisook Lake on the slopes of Slide Mountain the Catskills' highest peak it flows across Ulster County to the Hudson at Saugerties. Many tributaries extend its watershed into neighboring Greene County and a small portion of Delaware County.
 A' Mharconaich is a Scottish mountain that is located 29 km WNW of Blair Atholl in the Highland council area. It is in a group of mountains that lie west of the A9 road near the summit of the Pass of Drumochter and are known accordingly as the Drumochter Hills. The hill is just within the Cairngorms National Park although it is not part of the Cairngorms mountains.
 The river Créquoise is one of the small streams that flow from the plateau of the southern Boulonnais and Picardy into the Canche. The river rises at Créquy and passes by Torcy Lebiez Hesmond Offin Loison-sur-Créquoise and joins the Canche at Beaurainville.Three small tributaries join the Créquoise the Fosse du Corval L'Embrienne and le Surgeon
 Rice Lake is a lake in Cook County Minnesota.
 The Riachuelo Curanilahue is a river found within Chile.
 Sardis Lake is a reservoir in Pushmataha County and Latimer County in Oklahoma USA. The dam impounding the lake is located approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) north of Clayton. The lake covers 14360 acres (58 km2) with 117 miles (188 km) of shoreline. The lake is an impoundment of Jackfork Creek a tributary of the Kiamichi River.The lake's normal pool elevation is 599 feet (183 m) above sea level. Its storage capacity is 274330 acre feet (338380000 m3).
 Neve Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the north slopes of Snowfield Peak. Neve Glacier flows generally north and splits in two with two terminal tongues one flowing to the northwest which is known as Ladder Creek Glacier and the other descending a total of more than 1.80 mi (2.90 km) to the east.
 Barilla Draw is a river in Texas.
 Guyot is a lunar crater on the Moon's far side. It is separated from the crater Kostinskiy to the northeast by only a few kilometers of rough terrain. To the west-southwest lies the crater Lobachevskiy and to the east-southeast is Ostwald.This is a worn and eroded crater with an outer rim that has been somewhat distorted in shape due to nearby impacts. Several small craterlets lie along the rim and the sides.
 Mount Elsay is a mountain in southwestern British Columbia Canada located 14 km (9 mi) northeast of North Vancouver near the middle of Mount Seymour Provincial Park in the District of North Vancouver. It is a part of the North Shore Mountains rising from the shores of Indian Arm to a summit of 1419 m (4656 ft). In 1909 it was originally named Mt Jarret in honour of George Jarret a South African who became the first secretary of the British Columbia Mountaineering Club (BCMC).
 The Negoescu Mare River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania.
 Mount Griggs formerly known as Knife Peak Volcano is a stratovolcano which lies 10 km behind the volcanic arc defined by other Katmai group volcanoes. Although no historic eruptions have been reported from Mount Griggs vigorously active fumaroles persist in a summit crater and along the upper southwest flank. The fumaroles on the southwest flank are the hottest and some of the flank fumaroles can roar so loudly that they can be heard from the valley floor.
 Saskatchewan Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 Lake Rubikiai is a lake in Anykščiai district municipality Lithuania. It is famous for its 13 (or 16) islands (Pertako Bučinė Aukštoji Česnakinė Liepinė Didžioji and others) that cover 1.1 km². Among the settlements located on the shores of the lake Rubikiai village is the largest. Anykšta rivulet the namesake of Anykščiai and left tributary of Šventoji River flows from the lake. In 1960 Lake Rubikiai was declared a landscape reserve and now is part of Anykščiai Regional Park.
 Monte Bicco is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 The Crișul Negru (Romanian) (Hungarian: Fekete-Körös) is a river in western Romania (Transylvania) and south-eastern Hungary (Békés county). The river starts at the junction of headwaters Crișul Poienii and Crişul Băiței in the western Apuseni Mountains. It flows through the towns Ștei and Beiuș in Romania. One its tributaries is the small Roșia River.
 The South River is a 16.9-mile-long (27.2 km) river in Caroline County in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is a tributary of the Mattaponi River.Rising at the boundary between Caroline County and Spotsylvania County the South River flows east passing under U.S. Route 1 and Interstate 95 joining the Mattaponi north of Milford. Via the Mattaponi and York rivers the South River is part of the Chesapeake Bay watershed.
 Schwarzwasser (Preßnitz) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Guanipa River is a river of north-eastern Venezuela. It flows into the Gulf of Paria.
 L'Agullola is a mountain of the Guilleries Massif Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 921.9 metres above sea level. The plateau known as Pla de Fàbregues lies NW of the summit. L'Agullola Grossa is a sharp rocky outcrop rising just SE of the cliff wall.
 The Jöriseen are a group of Alpine lakes located west of the Jörifless Pass and north of the Flüela Wisshorn in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. The largest lake has an area of 0.095 km² and is located at 2489 metres above sea level. They are located in the municipality of Klosters.
 Hwangjeongsan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 959 metres.
 Licetus is a lunar impact crater on the near side of the Moon in the rugged southern highland region. It lies to the south of the walled plain Stöfler and is attached to the northern rim of the sub-divided crater Heraclitus. Just to the southeast is Cuvier. Licetus is 75 kilometers in diameter and 3.8 kilometers deep. It is from the Pre-Nectarian period 4.55 to 3.92 billion years ago.This is a worn crater formation with several craterlets lying across the rim and along the inner wall.
 Peters is a small lunar crater in the north-northeastern part of the Moon lying in the gap between Neison to the west and Arnold to the southeast. Due south of Peters is the crater Moigno.This is not a particularly prominent feature having a low rim and an interior floor that has been almost completely submerged by lava flows. The rim is circular and only lightly worn with a notch along the southeast. The inner surface is level and almost featureless.
 The Mineral Range is a mountain range in Siskiyou County California.
 The Orne (Ptolemeus Olina[citation needed]) is a river in Normandy within northwestern France. It discharges into the English Channel at the port of Ouistreham. Its source is in Aunou-sur-Orne east of Sées. The Odon is one of its tributaries. The Orne flows through the following departments and towns:Orne (named after the river): Sées Argentan Calvados: Thury-Harcourt Caen Ouistreham↑
 The Aterro River is a river of Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Valea Răchitișului River is a tributary of the Valea Hotarului river in Romania.
 Westchester Creek (also known as Frenchman's Creek) is a tidal inlet of the East River located in the south eastern portion of The Bronx in New York City. It is 2.1 miles (3.39 km) in length. Pugsley's Creek is a right bank tributary of Westchester Creek. Ferry Point Park is on the left bank. The first permanent European settlement in The Bronx the town of Westchester was established in 1654 by Thomas Pell and 15-20 settlers at the head of navigation of Westchester Creek.
 Lake Palestine is a freshwater lake in northeast Texas. It was created by the construction of the Blackburn Crossing dam on the Neches River in 1962.
 Laguna Tanquina is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 176 m its surface area is 14.8 km² and is within the area of Reserva Forestal Itenez next to the northeastern border with Brazil.
 The Soyana (Russian: Сояна) is a river in Primorsky and Mezensky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Kuloy River. It is 140 kilometres (87 mi) long and the area of its basin 5860 square kilometres (2260 sq mi). The main tributaries of the Soyana are the Nyrzanga (right) and the Telsa (left).The Soyana collects the drain of the plateau on the eastern side of the Dvina Bay of the White Sea (known as White Sea - Kuloy Plateau).
 The Grande River (Coquimbo Chile) is a river of Chile.
 The Duncan Ranges are a subrange of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia Canada located west of the Duncan River southeast of Revelstoke.
 Volcán Linzor is a stratovolcano on the border between Bolivia and Chile. In its vicinity lie Laguna Colorada and Cerro del León.
 The Sălănele River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Bădești River is a tributary of the Borșa River in Romania.
 Pfäffikersee (or Lake Pfäffikon) is a lake in the canton of Zurich Switzerland near the town of Pfäffikon. It is 2.5 km long and 1.3 km wide at the middle. The lake was created in the last ice age when a moraine blocked off the ability for the lake to empty north towards Winterthur. There is also a hiking trail around the lake that people often bike and walk on and the area is considered protected lands.
 The La Poduri River is a tributary of the Brătei River in Romania.
 Dhanmondi Lake is a lake located in the Dhanmondi residential area in Dhaka Bangladesh. The lake was originally a dead channel of the Karwan Bazar River and was connected to the Turag River. The lake is partially connected with the Begunbari Canal. In 1956 Dhanmondi was developed as a residential area.
 The Finlay Ranges are a mountain range in northern British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 4818 km2 and is a subrange of the Omineca Mountains which in turn form part of the Interior Mountains.
 Lake Roy is a natural freshwater lake inside the city of Winter Haven Florida. It has a 74.17-acre (300200 m2) surface area and is located on the south side of Cypress Gardens Boulevard. The lake once had a larger surface area but when Cypress Gardens Boulevard was upgraded it ran over some of the northern part of Lake Roy; this part had been filled so the road could be rerouted.
 Piz Kesch (German) or Piz d'Es-cha (Rumantsch) is a peak in the Albula Alps of the Rhaetian Alps in Switzerland. At 3418 metres (11214 ft) it is the highest peak in the Albula Alps and the municipality of Bergün Grisons.The first ascent was made 1846 by J. Coaz J. Rascher C. Casper and J. Tscharner.
 Montes Recti is a mountain range on the northern part of the Moon's near side. It was given the Latin name for Straight Range.This is a small range of irregular ridges that is located in the northern part of the Mare Imbrium. Montes Recti is an unusually linear formation that forms a line from east to west. It is about 90 km in length and only 20 km wide. The peaks rise to heights of up to 1.8 km.The small crater Montes Recti B lies in the eastern part of the range.
 Aabach (Hessel) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Winnisook Lake is an artificial lake located in Oliverea New York United States. It is the source of Esopus Creek and the highest lake in the Catskill Mountains at 2660 feet (810 m) above sea level.The lake is the private property of the Winnisook Club which expanded it with a dam so they could have a place to fish.
 Catfish Creek (Texas) is a river in Texas. It was designated a National Natural Landmark in 1983.
 Salzbach (Elbbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Mwdwl-eithin (532 metres (1745 ft)) is the highest point on the Denbigh Moors (Welsh: Mynydd Hiraethog) of North Wales. This gently rising mountain lies about 10 miles (16 km) east of Betws-y-Coed. On its summit is a trig point and a ruined building which still provides shelter against a storm. A few metres away is a large raised stone cairn. The whole area is underlain by Silurian mudstone which was extensively glaciated during the last British glaciation.
 The Cusuiuș River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 Sunset Glacier is a glacier in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier originates near Scott Peak moving southwest then northwest. Sunrise Glacier is nearby.
 Seaborough Hill is a prominent ridge 204 metres (669 ft) high on the Dorset-Somerset border in the Yeovil Scarplands in southwestern England. It has a prominence of 80 metres (260 ft) which classifies it as one of the Tumps.Seaborough Hill rises immediately north of the village of Seaborough and about 3 kilometres southwest of the town centre of Crewkerne.
 The Kuriyama River (栗山川 Kuriyama-gawa) is a river in northeast Chiba Prefecture Japan. It is 38.8 kilometers (24.1 mi) in length and has a drainage area of 292.3 square kilometers (112.9 sq mi) the second largest in Chiba Prefecture. Under the Rivers Act of 1906 the Kuriyama is designated as a Class 2 River. The Kuriyama is known as the southernmost river in Japan with a salmon run.
 Helmet Peak is a conspicuous peak rising to 1254 metres (4114 ft) in Levski Ridge Tangra Mountains on Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica just southward of the mouth of Huron Glacier. It is bounded by Devnya Valley to the west Iskar Glacier to the northeast and Magura Glacier to the southeast and has precipitous west and east slopes. It was named by Discovery Investigations personnel during the period 1926–32.
 Küstriner Bach is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Samina also: Saminabach is a rapid river that originates in Liechtenstein and formed the Samina Valley in the course of time. It has a length of approximately 17 km (Liechtenstein: 12 km Austria: 5 km) and is the 2nd longest river of the principality. In the community area of Frastranz the river merges with the Ill. The water is intensively used for electricity production as well as for drinking water supply for the communities of Liechtenstein.
 The Valea lui Peti River is a tributary of the Valea Limpede River in Romania.
 The Rigi Hochflue is a mountain overlooking Lake Lucerne in Central Switzerland. It has an elevation of 1698 metres above sea level and is located in the canton of Schwyz. The Rigi Hochflue belongs to the Rigi massif.
 The Basséra is a short mountain river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. Its source is in the Maritime Alps and it flows into the river Bévéra itself a tributary of the Roya near Sospel.
 The Lipno Dam (Czech: přehrada Lipno) is a dam and hydroelectric plant constructed along the Vltava River in the Czech Republic.
 Mount Chincogan is located northwest of Mullumbimby New South Wales Australia and west of Ocean Shores. It is part of a large shield volcano Mount Warning which erupted millions of years ago.
 Nuptse is a mountain in the Khumbu region of the Mahalangur Himal in the Nepalese Himalayas. It lies two kilometres WSW of Mount Everest. Nuptse is Tibetan for west peak as it is the western segment of the Lhotse-Nuptse massif. The long east-west trending main ridge of Nuptse is crowned by seven peaks:The main peak Nuptse I was first climbed on May 16 1961 by Dennis Davis and Sherpa Tashi members of a British expedition.
 The Blaju River is a tributary of the Holod (Vida) River in Romania.
 The Venetian Prealps (Prealpi Venete in Italian) are a mountain range in the south-eastern part of the Alps. They are located in Triveneto in the north-eastern part of Italy.
 The Augustusberg is a hill of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Colonia Glacier (Spanish: Glaciar Colonia or Ventisquero Colonia) is a valley glacier located in the Northern Patagonian Ice Field Chile. The glacier spills out to the southeast from an ice plateau north of Cerro Arenales and has its terminus about 4 km (2.5 mi) from Colonia Lake. Colonia Glacier dams two lakes; Cachet II and Arco Lake.
 Pic de Costa Cabirolera is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 2604 metres above sea level.
 The Colin Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located directly northeast of Jasper townsite in Jasper National Park Canada.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Holme Moss (1719 feet/524 m a.s.l.) is a moor in the South Pennines of England on the border between the High Peak district of Derbyshire and the Kirklees district of West Yorkshire. It is just inside the boundary of the Peak District National Park. The moor is crossed by the A6024 road between Longdendale and Holmfirth whose highest point is near the prominent mast of Holme Moss transmitting station.
 Prospect Peak el. 9527 feet (2904 m) is a mountain peak in the Washburn Range of Yellowstone National Park. The summit is located approximately 6 miles (9.7 km) west southwest of Tower Junction. Between 1883-85 members of the Arnold Hague Geological Surveys named the peak Surprise Peak for reasons not now known. In 1880 then superintendent Philetus Norris had named the peak Mount Stephans for one of his assistants C. N. Stephans.
 Horse Creek is a stream and tributary of the Tombigbee River in southern Marengo County and northern Clarke County in Alabama.
 Los Patos (also known as Tres Quebradas) is a mountain in the Andes mountain range of South America. The peak is located on the international border of the Catamarca Province of Argentina and the Atacama Region of Chile. It has a summit elevation of 6239 metres (20469 ft).
 Clear Lake is a mountain lake 86 mi (138 km) northeast of Eugene Oregon United States in Linn County. It has two main bodies connected by a bottleneck. The lake is primarily fed by snow runoff from nearby Mount Washington and the surrounding areas. The runoff filters through underground caverns for more than 20 years before emptying into Clear Lake.
 The Redwillow River is a tributary of the Wapiti River in northern Alberta and north-eastern British Columbia Canada. It flows through the Pouce Coupe Prairie in the south of Peace River Country.
 Rankbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Birnhorn (2634 m) is an isolated mountain in the Leoganger Steinberge Northern Limestone Alps Austria.
 The Wasatch Range /ˈwɑːsætʃ/ is a mountain range that stretches approximately 160 miles (260 km) from the Utah-Idaho border south through central Utah in the western United States. It is generally considered the western edge of the greater Rocky Mountains and the eastern edge of the Great Basin region.
 Columbia Peak is a mountain peak in the Henry M. Jackson Wilderness in the U.S. state of Washington. Columbia Peak rises to 7172 feet (2186 m). Together with Monte Cristo Peak and Kyes Peak it forms a basin that contains Columbia Glacier and Blanca Lake.
 The Laconian Gulf (Greek: Λακωνικός Κόλπος Lakonikos Kolpos) is a gulf in the south-eastern Peloponnese in Greece. It is the southernmost gulf in Greece and the largest in the Peloponnese. In the shape of an inverted U it is approximately 58 km wide east-west and 44 km long north-south.
 The Shingwedzi River (Venda: Tshingwedzi; Tsonga: Xingwidzi; Afrikaans: Shingwedzirivier; Portuguese: Rio Singuédzi) is a river in Limpopo Province South Africa and Gaza Province Mozambique. It is a left hand tributary of the Olifants River (Rio dos Elefantes) and the northernmost river of its catchment area joining it at the lower end of its basin. The Shingwedzi is a seasonal river whose riverbed is dry for prolonged periods.
 Lane is a lunar impact crater. It lies on the far side of the Moon just to the west of the crater Ten Bruggencate. To the west of Lane is Perepelkin and to the northwest lies Love.This crater is not heavily eroded but the rim is somewhat disrupted at the northern and southern ends. To the south the rim has a prominent outward bulge that extends an extra 5–10 km. The interior is somewhat uneven with low central ridges near the midpoint.
 Cùl Mòr is a shapely twin summited mountain in the far north west of Scotland whose higher summit is the highest point of Inverpolly. It is almost completely separated from its southern neighbour Cùl Beag. Despite its higher altitude it is less well known than two of its other neighbours Suilven and Stac Pollaidh but being higher it commands spectacular views over these and many other neighbours.
 The Macfarlane River is a river of the southwest of New Zealand's South Island. It flows south from the Southern Alps joining with the Clarke River just before the latter's outflow into the Haast River.
 The Kunlun Volcanic Group are a vast group of pyroclastic cones in the Kunlun Mountains they are responsible for the most recent eruption in China's history. Over 70 volcanic cones form the Kunlun Volcanic Group. They are not however volcanic mountains but cones. As such they are not counted among the world volcanic mountain peaks. The group however musters the heights of 5808 metres (19055 ft) above sea level (35.5°N 80.2°E﻿ / 35.5; 80.2).
 Jepson Peak is a summit 1.2 miles (1.9 km) west of San Gorgonio Mountain in the San Gorgonio Wilderness. It is the second highest summit in Southern California but most authors would not rank this peak because it has less than 300 feet (91 m) of prominence and does not qualify as an independent peak.The peak is named for Willis Linn Jepson who was a University of California botanist and a charter member of the Sierra Club.
 The Valea Sasului River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Tooma River a perennial stream that has had its flow diverted as a result of the Snowy Mountains Scheme is part of the Murray catchment within the Murray–Darling basin and is located in the Australian Alpine region of New South Wales and Victoria Australia.
 Krogh is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the eastern part of the Moon to the southeast of the crater Auzout. This crater was previously designated Auzout B before being given a name by the IAU. The crater is roughly circular and bowl-shaped with an inner wall that is wider in the north than the south. It is otherwise an undistinguished formation.
 The Arz is a 66.5 km (41.3 mi) long river in the Morbihan département northwestern France. Its source is at Plaudren. It flows generally east-southeast. It is a right tributary of the Oust into which it flows at Saint-Jean-la-Poterie near Redon.
 Hoye-Crest is a summit along Backbone Mountain just inside of Garrett County Maryland. It is the highest natural point in Maryland at an elevation of 3360 feet (1020 m).The location named for Captain Charles Hoye founder of the Garrett County Historical Society has a marker and offers a view of the North Branch Potomac River valley to the east. The location is accessible via a path leading from U.S. Route 219 to the west.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Apa Roşie River in Romania.
 The Maglia is a river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. It flows into the Roya River near Breil-sur-Roya.
 Dentelbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Bacon Peak is a mountain in the Cascade range in the U.S. state of Washington. Its glaciers cover 1.2 square miles (3.2 km2); the three main glaciers are Diobsud Creek Glacier (south-east 1.6 miles (2.5 km) wide) Green Lake Glacier (north-east 1.3 miles (2.1 km) wide) and Noisy Creek Glacier (north-west 0.9 miles (1.4 km) long).
 Allpamayu (Quechua allpa earth) mayu river earth river hispanicized spelling Alpamayo) is a river in Peru located in the Cusco Region La Convención Province Huayopata District. It is a right tributary of the Luq'umayu an affluent of the Willkanuta River.Allpamayu originates south of the Wamanmarka River (Huamanmarca) near the lake Wamanmarkaqucha (Huamanmarcacocha). Its direction is mainly to the southwest. The confluence with the river Luq'umayu is near the village Allpamayu (Alfamayo).
 Borzont Creek ( Hungarian: Borzont-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Geißler is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Katzensee is a lake on the border of the city of Zurich and Regensdorf in the Canton of Zurich Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.36 km². 						16x Media related to Katzensee at Wikimedia CommonsTemplate:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Krui River a perennial river of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Valea Bolânzii River is a tributary of the Secaş river in Romania.
 The Farneren is a mountain of the Emmental Alps overlooking Schüpfheim in the canton of Lucerne.
 Memurutinden is a mountain in the town of Lom Norway in the county of Oppland in southern Norway. It is the 21st tallest peak in Norway.
 The Turvo River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Mount Queen Bess is one of the principal summits of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains of southern British Columbia. It stands west of Chilko Lake and to the south of Tatlayoko Lake and crowns a peak-studded ridge to the north of the Homathko Icefield.The mountain is named for Queen Elizabeth I of England. Relatively nearby is Mount Raleigh named for Sir Walter Raleigh.
 Col de Vizzavona (Corsican: Bocca di Vizzavona) 1163 m (3816 ft) is a mountain pass at the centre of the French island of Corsica.
 Avalanche Lake is a 9-acre (3.6 ha) mountain lake located in the Adirondack High Peaks in New York USA. Avalanche Lake sits at 2885 feet (879 m) between 4714-foot (1437 m) Mount Colden and-3816 foot (1163 m) Avalanche Mountain. The two mountains rise in vertical cliffs from the surface of the lake.
 Ohebach (Efze) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Squak Glacier is located on the southeast slopes of Mount Baker in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington. Squak Glacier is connected to Easton Glacier to the east and Talum Glaciers to the west. Between 1850 and 1950 Squak Glacier retreated 8202 ft (2500 m). During a cooler and wetter period from 1950 to 1979 the glacier advanced 305 ft (93 m) but between 1980 and 2006 retreated back 869 ft (265 m).
 The Pripor River is a tributary of the Râoaia Mare River in Romania.
 Sighignola is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps located on the border between the Italian region of Lombardy and the Swiss canton of Ticino. A panoramic terrace just below the summit and directly on the Italian side of the border provides a spectacular view especially to the west over Lake Lugano and the city of Lugano to the Alps.
 The Ryton River is a river of the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows southwest down a long valley within the Craigieburn Range to reach the northeastern shore of Lake Coleridge.
 Gran Sasso d'Italia is a mountain located in the Abruzzo region of central Italy. The Gran Sasso forms the centrepiece of the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park which was established in 1993 and holds the highest mountains in continental Italy south of the Alps and is part of the Apennines the mountain range that runs the entire length of the Italian Peninsula.
 Naiselesele River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Cheaha Mountain /ˈtʃiːhɔː/ often called Mount Cheaha is the highest natural point in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is located a few miles northwest of the town of Delta in scenic Talladega State Park which offers a lodge a restaurant and other amenities.The highest point is marked with a USGS benchmark in front of Bunker Tower a stone Civilian Conservation Corps building with an observation deck on top. The CCC also constructed a road to Cheaha but the road has been closed for years.
 Mount Cramer at 10716 feet (3266 m) is the second highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The summit of Mount Cramer is located on the border of Custer and Boise Counties. The peak is the highest point in Boise County. Mount Cramer is also located within the Sawtooth Wilderness portion of the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The town of Stanley Idaho is almost 14 miles (23 km) from Mount Cramer while the area known as Sawtooth City is nearly 12 miles (19 km) from Mount Cramer.
 The Pangal River is a river of Chile.
 Mount Ibuki (伊吹山 Ibuki-yama) is a 1377 m (4518 ft) high mountain on the border of Maibara Shiga Prefecture and Ibigawa Gifu Prefecture Japan. It is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains and is also included on the lists of the 100 Kinki Mountains the 50 Shiga Mountains. Mount Ibuki is the highest mountain in Shiga Prefecture.
 The Nolichucky River is a major stream draining the Blue Ridge Mountains of western North Carolina and eastern Tennessee including Mount Mitchell the highest point in the eastern United States. The river is 115 miles (185 km) long.
 Beibuschbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Hamirsar Lake is a large man made lake situated in heart of Bhuj town the District headquarters of Kutch Gujarat India.
 Pewaukee Lake (Snail Lake) is a lake located in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States. Lake Pewaukee is the largest lake located in Waukesha's Lake Country. The lake is west of Milwaukee Wisconsin and is approximately 5 miles long and 1 mile wide. The deepest part of the lake is 46 feet.The lake is known for its inland sailing races.
 Dubrovnik Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Croatia that has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 54 MW each having a total capacity of 216 MW.It is operated by Hrvatska elektroprivreda.
 Javorje (Serbian Cyrillic: Јаворје pronounced [jǎʋɔːrjɛ]) is a mountain in western Serbia near the town of Priboj. Its highest peak Ober has an elevation of 1486 meters above sea level.
 Little River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Central Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Buchberg is a 674 m high mountain in the Bavarian Fichtelgebirge range.The mountain which is formed from porphyritic granite lies south of the village of Reicholdsgrün in the borough of Kirchenlamitz in the district of Wunsiedel im Fichtelgebirge.The Buchberg is cloaked by a forest 23 hectares in area which is one of the few near-natural stands of deciduous forest in the Fichtelgebirge (woodrush beech forest).
 The Pčinja (Serbian and Macedonian Пчиња [pt͡ʃîɲa] ) is a 128 km long river in Serbia and Macedonia a left tributary of the Vardar river.
 The lake Tolken is the source of the Swedish river Viskan. It is located west of Ulricehamn.
 Kranzhorn is a mountain of Tirol Austria and Bavaria Germany.
 Rock Dove Cave is a cave in San Antonio Texas United States discovered by local boys who were exploring a construction site owned by McMillin Homes. The cave is believed to be the fifth largest in Bexar County.
 The Teiş River is a tributary of the Valea Adâncă in Romania
 Sullivan is a crater on Mercury.
 The Margorabbia is a ‘torrent’—or intermittent stream—of the province of Varese in north Italy’s Lombardy a tributary of the Tresa which it joins a few hundred metres upstream of Lake Maggiore. The source is near Valganna.
 Alder Lake is a 7 mi (11 km) long reservoir on the Nisqually River in Eatonville Washington in the U.S. state of Washington which was created following the construction of Alder Dam in September 1944. At the very eastern end of the lake is the town of Elbe Washington.
 Leading Creek is a tributary of the Little Kanawha River 28.6 miles (46.0 km) long in central West Virginia in the United States.
 Svilaja is a mountain range in Croatia located in inland of Dalmatian Zagora. It belongs to Dinaric Alps and it stretches from the town of Sinj northwest to the Petrovo field approximate 30 km in length.The highest peak is Svilaja or Bat at 1508 m.a.s.l.
 Pine Mountain is a ridge in the Appalachian Mountains running through Kentucky Virginia and Tennessee. It extends about 125 miles from near Jellico Tennessee to a location near Elkhorn City Kentucky. The highest point is 3273 feet above sea level east of Whitesburg Kentucky.
 The Numinbah Valley is a valley and suburb in the Gold Coast hinterland in South East Queensland Australia. This Scenic Rim valley covers 116 km² and contains cleared grazing land rocky outcrops waterfalls rainforest walks and good hinterland scenery. Lonely Planet has described the valley as the most beautiful in South East Queensland.Compared to other areas of the Gold Coast the Numinbah Valley has remained largely undeveloped in recent decades. To the east is the Springbrook plateau.
 This article is about a river in France. For the national park in Africa see Arli National ParkArly is a 35 km long river in the departments of Savoie and Haute-Savoie France. It is a tributary of the Isère River which it joins at Albertville.
 Lower Woods Pond is a 91-acre lake. Located in Wayne County Lebanon Township in Pennsylvania and is managed by the Fish and Boat Commission. Lower Woods Pond is a 50 acre natural lake that was dammed by The Pennsylvania Fish & Boat Commission (PFBC) turning it into its current 91 acres. The lake is able to be fished by electric and non-motorized boats only and a permit is required. Some fish that can be found include the Largemouth Bass the Bluegill and the Walleye.
 Mount Fernow is a tall peak in the North Cascades in the U.S. state of Washington and within the Glacier Peak Wilderness of the Wenatchee National Forest. At 9249 feet (2819 m) in elevation it is the eighth highest peak in Washington and the state's third highest non-volcanic peak. It is also the highest peak of the Entiat Mountains a sub-range of the Cascades. Mount Fernow's prominence is 2811 ft (857 m) making it the 60th most prominent peak in Washington.
 The Pârâul lui Băloi is a tributary of the Crivadia River in Romania.
 Montes Rook is a ring-shaped mountain range that lies along the western limb of the Moon crossing over to the far side. It completely encircles the Mare Orientale and forms part of a massive impact basin feature. This range in turn is encircled by the larger Montes Cordillera which is separated from the Montes Rook by a rugged ring-shaped plain.The Montes Rook is actually a double-ring formation sometimes divided into the outer Rook and the inner Rook.
 Mount Elizabeth is a mountain to the east of Tambo Crossing in East Gippsland Victoria Australia. It lies within the Mount Elizabeth Nature Conservation Reserve managed by Parks Victoria. The reserve which covers 5234 hectares was established in 1984. The reserve is the only known location where the endangered plant species leafy nematolepis (Nematolepis frondosa) occurs.
 The River Irthing is a river in Cumbria England and a major tributary of the River Eden. The name is recorded as Ard or Arden in early references. For the first 15 miles of its course it defines the border between Northumberland and Cumbria.It is thought that before the last glacial maximum the Irthing flowed into the South Tyne valley through the watershed near Greenhead now known as the Tyne Gap.
 The Gota River is a tributary of the Dârjov River in Romania.
 Y Garn is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales part of the Glyderau. It is one of the Welsh 3000s — the 15 summits in Wales over 3000 ft in height. It is the tenth highest peak in Wales. Moderate snow accumulations can take place on the western slopy side of the mountain from October to May.The south-westerly side of the mountain slopes gently down to the Nant Peris valley.
 The Crêta de Vella is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of Liddes in the canton of Valais. It lies at the northern end of the chain separating the Comba de l'A from the main valley of Entremont.
 Karaś [ˈkaraɕ] is a lake in the Masurian Lake District of north-eastern Poland 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) from the town of Iława in Warmian-Masurian Voivodeship.The lake is the site of a nature reserve established in 1958 and covering an area of 8.2 square kilometres (3.2 sq mi). Since 1984 it has been protected under the Ramsar convention as an important breeding ground for water birds. It is currently one of 13 such sites in Poland.
 Mount Hamiguitan is a mountain located in the province of Davao Oriental. It has a height of 1620 metres (5315 ft). The mountain and its vicinity has one of the most diverse wildlife populations in the Philippines. Among the wildlife found in the area are Philippine eagles and several species of Nepenthes. Some of the latter such as the Nepenthes peltata are endemic to the area. The mountain has the only protected forest in the Philippines with an estimated area of 2000 hectares.
 Mars Hill is a mountain located in Mars Hill Maine and gave the town its name.The mountain plays an important role in the Mars Hill community. It not only provides a dramatic backdrop for photographs but also magnificent views from atop its peak. It overlooks the Saint John Valley in which Mars Hill is located. Mount Katahdin is visible from the top of Mars Hill over 85 miles (135 km) away. Mars Hill also has a ski area called Big Rock Ski Area.
 The Pearse River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows east from sources in the Arthur Range reaching the Motueka River 20 kilometres southwest of Motueka.The source is the a resurgence near the Nettlebed Cave. The resurgence has been dived to a depth of 194 metres and a diver had died in one attempt. At least three undescribed species have been found by divers in the resergence.
 The Fibiș River is a tributary of the Beregsău River in Romania.
 Seonunsan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 336 metres. It is a popular destination for hiking with a variety of trails some leading to a giant 13m carving of Buddha on a cliff which dates back to the Goryeo dynasty. It is also one of the premier sport climbing destinations in South Korea having perhaps the highest concentration of difficult routes in the country.
 Steinkopf is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Roche de Smet was named in 1896 after Pierre-Jean De Smet. It is located in the De Smet Range in Alberta.
 Tin Cup Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. No trails lead to lake but it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 680.Tin Cup Lake is just southeast of the Chinese Wall northeast of Calkens Peak and in the same basin as Dike Quartzite and Gunsight Lakes.
 Borah Peak (also known as Mount Borah or Beauty Peak) is the highest mountain in the U.S. state of Idaho and one of the most prominent peaks in the contiguous states. It is located in the central section of the Lost River Range within the Challis National Forest in eastern Custer County.The mountain was nameless until it was discovered to be higher than Hyndman Peak previously regarded as the state's highest point. In February 1934 the U.S.
 Peirescius is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southeastern part of the Moon. It is close enough to the limb that it appears significantly foreshortened when viewed from the Earth even though it is nearly circular in shape. To the west-northwest of Peirescius is the crater Vega and less than one crater diameter to the south is Brisbane.
 Cliff Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York. The mountain is part of the Marcy Group of the Great Range of the Adirondack Mountains.Cliff is flanked to the southeast by Mount Redfield.Cliff Mountain stands within the watershed of the Opalescent River a tributary of the Hudson River which in turn drains into New York Bay.The north and west sides of Cliff Mtn.
 Otterbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Te Arai River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally north from its origins in rough hill country 20 kilometres north of Nuhaka before veering northeast past the township of Manutuke to reach the Waipaoa River five kilometres from the latter's outflow into Poverty Bay.
 Puig Castellar (Balenyà) is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1017 metres above sea level.
 The Glaisnock River is a river in the Southland Region of New Zealand. It arises between the Stuart and Franklin Mountains and flows east and south-east into the North Fiord of Lake Te Anau.
 Covering 160 square kilometres (62 sq mi) Te Whanga Lagoon dominates the geography of Chatham Island in the South Pacific Ocean off New Zealand's east coast.It is the outflow of several small rivers in the island's hilly south and drains to the Pacific via gaps in Hanson Bay on the east coast of the island.It contains many fossilized shark teeth that can be collected from the edges of the lagoon. Over time the lagoon is likely to silt up.
 Pingora Peak is prominent granite peak in the Cirque of the Towers. Pingora Peak is in the Popo Agie Wilderness and part of the Wind River Range within the greater Shoshone National Forest. The Northeast Face route on Pingora Peak is recognized in the historic climbing text Fifty Classic Climbs of North America and considered a classic around the world.
 Payne's Down is a prominent hill 211 metres (692 ft) high some 10 kilometres east-northeast of Axminster and 1 kilometre northwest of Birdsmoorgate in the county of Dorset in southern England. Its prominence of 62 metres (203 ft) means it is listed as one of the Tumps. It is located within the Dorset Downs.The summit forms an elongated mainly wooded northwest-southeast oriented ridge with a lane running along its northeastern flank along which there are some scattered cottages.
 Lake Chauya or Chioa is a lake in the Ucayali Region of Peru. It lies several kilometres east of the flow of the Ucayali River.
 The Cypress Hills are a geographical region of hills in southwestern Saskatchewan and southeastern Alberta Canada.The highest point in the Cypress Hills is at Head of the Mountain in Alberta at 1466 m. The highest point in Saskatchewan is at 1392 m. It is located at Lookout Point.
 Koehn Lake is a dry lake and seasonally endorheic lake in the Fremont Valley of the Mojave Desert of Kern County California 19 km (12 mi) northeast of California City and east of Red Rock Canyon State Park.The lake is approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) long and 3 miles (4.8 km) at its widest point.Nearby Saltdale California was founded in 1915 for salt harvesting from the dry lakebed.
 Hengstener Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Pitanga River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 Oppolzer is the remnant of a lunar crater that is located on the southern edge of Sinus Medii along the meridian of the Moon named after the Austrian Astronomer Theodor von Oppolzer. It is located within one crater diameter of the origin of the selenographic coordinate system at 0° N 0° W. Attached to the surviving remnants of the southeast rim is the crater Réaumur.
 Mount Wellington (Indigenous names: Unghbanyahletta Poorawetter or kunanyi) is a mountain on whose foothills is built much of the city of Hobart Tasmania.It rises to 1271 metres (4170 ft) AHD over the city.It is frequently snow covered sometimes even in summer and the lower slopes are thickly forested but criss-crossed by many walking tracks and a few fire trails. There is also a sealed but narrow road to the summit about 22 kilometres (14 mi) travel from the city.
 The Wenaha River is a tributary of the Grande Ronde River about 22-mile (35 km) long in the U.S. state of Oregon. The river begins at the confluence of its north and south forks in the Blue Mountains and flows east through the Wenaha–Tucannon Wilderness to meet the larger river at the small settlement of Troy. A designated Wild and Scenic River for its entire length the stream flows wholly within Wallowa County.
 Brotjacklriegel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Cañas River is a river in Nayarit and Sinaloa in Mexico.
 This is about the lunar crater; for the Martian one see Cassini (Martian crater).Cassini is a lunar impact crater that is located in the Palus Nebularum at the eastern end of Mare Imbrium. To the northeast is the Promontorium Agassiz the southern tip of the Montes Alpes mountain range. South by south-east of Cassini is the crater Theaetetus. To the northwest is the lone peak Mons Piton.The floor of Cassini is flooded and is likely as old as the surrounding mare.
 The Usvyacha (Russian: Усвяча) is a river in Kunyinsky and Usvyatsky Districts of Pskov Oblast in Russia and in Vitebsk Raion of Vitebsk Region in Belarus. It is a right tributary of the Daugava River (the Western Dvina River). It is 100 kilometres (62 mi) long and the area of its basin 2340 square kilometres (900 sq mi).The source of the Usvyacha is located in the southern part of Kunyinsky District. Usvyacha flows to the north through Lake Usmynskoye and Lake Ozeron.
 Dawson River a perennial river of the Manning River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast district of New South Wales Australia.
 Gennargentu (IPA: [dʒennarˈdʒɛntu]) is a large massif in central-southern Sardinia Italy encompassing the provinces of Nuoro and Ogliastra. It includes the highest peaks in the island such as Punta La Marmora (1834 m) Monte Spada (1595 m) Punta Erba Irdes (1676 m) Bruncu Spina (1829 m) and Punta Paulinu (1792 m). The range forms part of the Gennargentu National Park.
 Hagen is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the north of the huge walled plain Planck and south-southwest of the crater Pauli.This is a very eroded crater with an outer rim that has been worn and broken in several places by overlapping craters. Hagen J is attached to what remains of the southeastern rim and Hagen S crosses the rim to the west. On the interior floor Hagen C lies just to the southeast of the midpoint.
 The Valea Bucurului River is a headwater of the Ponor River in Romania.
 The São Bento River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Guadalupe Reservoir is a reservoir in Santa Clara County California about 5 miles (8 km) east of the city of San Jose California. It is at an elevation of 614 feet (187 m). It has a capacity of 3415 acre feet (4212000 m3). The dam is located along Hicks Creek on Guadalupe Creek a tributary of the Guadalupe River.
 The Fryingpan River is a tributary of the Roaring Fork River approximately 42 miles (68 km) long in west central Colorado in the United States.It rises in northeastern Pitkin County in the White River National Forest in the Sawatch Mountains along the western side of the continental divide. It flows westward along the county line between Pitkin and Eagle County. Below Meredith it is dammed to form the Ruedi Reservoir. It joins the Roaring Fork below Basalt.
 Fresh Pond is a 62-acre (250000 m2) pond in the Manomet section of Plymouth Massachusetts. The average depth is 12 feet (3.7 m) and the maximum depth is 30 feet (9.1 m). The southern shore of the pond is located in the Churchill Landing neighborhood south of Manomet's business district and Manomet Bluffs west of Fisherman's Landing north of Cedar Bushes and Shallow Pond and east of Beaver Dam Pond.
 The Valea Ciurenilor River is a tributary of the Şimişna River in Romania.
 Apanolio Creek is a 3.6-mile-long (5.8 km) southward-flowing stream in San Mateo County California which is a tributary of Pilarcitos Creek.
 Olcott is a relatively fresh crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south-southeast of the craters Seyfert and Polzunov and to the north of Kostinskiy.This crater lacks any significant appearance of erosion from subsequent impacts and its features are relatively well-defined. The rim edge is generally circular with a slight outward bulge to the northeast and a larger bulge to the south. It has an outer rampart and some terraces and slumped edges along the inner wall.
 Hadley Glacier is located on Mount Baker in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington. Situated on the north slopes of Mount Baker Hadley Glacier is north of Hadley Peak on a spur from Mount Baker.
 The Yalong River (Chinese: 雅砻江 p Yǎlóngjiāng w Ya-lung Chiang) or Nyag Chu (Tibetan: ཉག་ཆུ་ z Nyag Qu) is an 822-mile (1323 km) long river in Sichuan province in southwestern China. It is a tributary of the Yangtze River. Its source originates from the Tibet-Qinghai Plateau in southeast Qinghai and its confluence with the Yangtze is in Panzhihua in southwestern Sichuan.
 Mürtzsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 70.7 m its surface area is 0.252 km².
 Lac de Moron is a lake formed by damming the Doubs River on the border of France and Switzerland. It can be reached from Les Planchettes or Les Brenets in the Canton of Neuchâtel (Switzerland) and from Le Barboux in the Doubs department (France).The reservoir has a volume of 20.6 million m³ and its surface area is 0.69 km². The arch dam Châtelot was completed in 1953.
 Kneiff is a hill in the commune of Troisvierges in northern Luxembourg near the tripoint shared with Belgium and Germany. At 560 metres it is the highest point in the country; it is 1 m taller than Buurgplaatz which is often erroneously considered Luxembourg's highest point. It lies close to the town of Wilwerdange.
 The Gouët (Ar Goued in the breton language) is a French river located in the department of Côtes-d'Armor in the region of Brittany which drains into the English Channel.
 Moke Lake is a small lake near the suburb of Closeburn in Queenstown in the South Island of New Zealand.The lake is a popular swimming and camping spot especially during summer.The access road which heads inland from the Glenorchy-Queenstown Road is a dirt road which passes by the nearby but smaller Lake Kirkpatrick. The Department of Conservation campsite and parking area is at the far end of the lake.A track encircles the lake which also links up with Lake Dispute.
 The Râul Sălătruc or Râul Cășeiu is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Lough Leane (from Irish Loch Léin meaning lake of learning) is largest of the three lakes of Killarney. The River Laune flows from the lake into the Dingle Bay to the northwest.
 Monte San Primo is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is 1682 metres (5518 ft) high and belongs to the province of Como.
 The Bottle River is a river that forms part of the Canada–United States border between Minnesota and Ontario.
 The Seton River is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. The name is relatively new and encompasses what had formerly been the Seton Portage River or Portage Creek (aka Portage River) and Seton Creek (which shows up on some topos as Section Creek due to a mis-read of old hand-written maps).[citation needed]
 Rodenberger Aue is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Olfe (Werse) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Greim at 2474 m (8117 ft) is a mountain in the Wölzer Tauern part of the Niedere Tauern in Styria Austria.After the Rettelkirchspitze it is the second highest elevation of the Wölzer Tauern.The ascent is relatively easy especially from the south side. Starting at the Greimhütte 1680 m (5512 ft) the top can be reached in 2 hours on a marked trail.The Greimhütte can be reached by car from Sankt Peter am Kammersberg.
 The Capra River is a tributary of the Ciocadia River in Romania.
 Viana is a low volcano in the eastern part of the island of São Vicente Cape Verde. Its elevation is 163 m. It is situated 3 km south of Calhau and 14 km southeast of the island capital Mindelo.
 The Brunswick River is a 6-mile-long (10 km) tidal river in Georgia. It begins at the Sidney Lanier Bridge at Brunswick Georgia at the confluence of the Turtle River with the East River and flows east to St. Simons Sound the strait between Saint Simons Island to the north and Jekyll Island to the south.
 The Lepontine Alps are a mountain range in the north-western part of the Alps. They are located in Switzerland (Valais Ticino Uri and Graubünden) and Italy (Piedmont and Lombardy).The Simplon rail tunnel (from Brig to Domodossola) the Gotthard rail and Gotthard road tunnels (from Andermatt to Airolo) and the San Bernardino road tunnel are important transport arteries.The eastern portion of the Lepontine Alps from the St Gotthard Pass to the Splügen Pass is sometimes named the Adula Alps.
 The Gibbon River flows east of the Continental Divide in Yellowstone National Park in northwestern Wyoming the Northwestern United States. Along with the Firehole River it is a major tributary of the Madison River which itself is a tributary of the Missouri River.
 Septimer Pass (German: Septimerpass Italian: Passo del Settimo Romansh: Pass da Sett) (el. 2310 m.) is a high mountain pass in the canton of Graubünden in the Swiss Alps between the valleys of Bregaglia (Bergell) and Oberhalbstein (Surses).Already in use by the Romans during the Middle Ages the Septimer Pass was crucial to the temporal power of the Bishopric of Chur whose extensive territories until the fourteenth century included Chiavenna.
 Hamrångeån is a river in Sweden.
 Rupal Glacier or Tashain Glacier is a glacier in the Great Himalaya subrange of Himalayas. It starts north of an unnamed 6326 m (20755 ft) high peak (35°8′35.93″N 74°24′52.46″E) and flows northeastward north of Laila Peak (Rupal Valley) and south of Nanga Parbat's many peaks. The meltwater from the glacier forms Rupal River.
 The Bishorn (4153 m) is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland just north of the Weisshorn. The mountain has two distinct summits separated by a 600-metre easy-angled snow ridge.The west and higher summit (4153 m) first ascent by G. S. Barnes and R. Chessyre-Walker with guides Joseph Imboden and J. M.
 The River Nore (Irish: An Fheoir) is a 140-kilometre (87 mi) long river located in south-east of Ireland. Along with the River Suir and River Barrow it is one of the constituent rivers of the group known as the Three Sisters. The river drains approximately 977 square kilometres (377 sq mi) of Leinster. The river rises in the Devil's Bit Mountain North Tipperary.
 Mount Blakiston is a mountain in the southwestern corner of Alberta Canada and the highest point within Waterton Lakes National Park. The mountain is situated in the Clark Range north of Lineham Creek and south of Blakiston Creek.
 Delacroix is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 146 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Delacroix is named for the French painter Eugène Delacroix who lived from 1798 to 1863.
 Sasathamcotta Lake or Sasathamkotta Lake also categorized as a wetland is the largest fresh water lake in Kerala a state of India on the south of the West Coast. The lake is named after the ancient Sastha temple (a pilgrimage centre) located on its bank. It meets the drinking water needs of half million people of the Quilon district and also provides fishing resources.
 The După Fântână River is a tributary of the Pârâul Țigăncilor in Romania.
 The Gutinaș River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Mosquito Creek is a stream in Chincoteague Virginia that connects with Cockle Creek to the south and a mouth at Chincoteague Bay to the North.
 The Piloña is a river in northern Spain flowing through the Autonomous Community of Asturias.
 Domen is a mountain on the Varanger Peninsula in eastern Finnmark county Norway. The 164-metre (538 ft) tall mountain is located near the coast between the small fishing village Kiberg and the island of Vardøya. Domen is bare and flat-topped with a steep slope towards the Barents Sea below. The European route E75 highway which runs along the western side of the mountain from Svartnes to Kiberg. The road is often closed in the winter due to bad weather.
 Wlicox Lakes are located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. The Wilcox Lakes consists of two small lakes and several more tarns and are 1.1 mi (1.8 km) northeast of Stout Lake. The Wilcox Lakes are the origination point for the East Fork Nehalem Creek and the lakes were named for Paul B. Wilcox who was the first to discover them.
 The Birchii River is a tributary of the Albioara River in Romania.
 Lake Sárkány is a lake in Hungary's Székesfehérvár sub-region.
 Rio Verde (Portuguese for green river) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Milichius is a bowl-shaped lunar impact crater that is located in the northern part of the Mare Insularum. To the southeast is the slightly larger Hortensius a similar formation. Further away due east of Milichius is the prominent and well-known Copernicus.Just to the west is a typical lunar dome designated Milichius Pi (π) that has a tiny craterlet at the peak.
 The Valea Roșilor River is a tributary of the Racoviţa river in Romania.
 Koshelev (Russian: Кошелев) is a complex stratovolcano located in the southern part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It consists of four stratovolcanoes from which the central Koshelev is the highest.
 Lake Weyba a large shallow salt-water lake is an important fish-breeding habitat. In the early 1900s Lake Weyba had a large number of stingrays which would have been easy targets for the spears of the Aboriginal people.
 The Harding River is a river in the Pilbara of Western Australia. It was named on 31 July 1861 by the surveyor and explorer Francis Gregory while on expedition in the area after one of the volunteer members of his expedition John Harding.The headwaters of the river rise in the Chichester Range in the Millstream-Chichester National Park near Merrinyaginya Spring and flow is a northerly direction. The river flows through Lake Poongkaliyarra and out through Lockyer Gap.
 Genista Cave 1 is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Ljungby River (Swedish: Ljungbyån) is a river in Sweden.
 Lac de Pététoz is a lake in Haute-Savoie France.
 The Minghet River is a tributary of the Râoaia River in Romania.
 Wallface Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York. The mountain is named after the cliff on its southeastern side.Wallface is flanked to the west by MacNaughton Mountain and faces Mount Marshall to the southeast across Indian Pass.
 The Dead River is a river in the U.S. state of Oregon.
 Lake Nagambie is an artificial lake in Victoria Australia. The lake was formed by the damming of the Goulburn River by the Goulburn Weir. The town of Nagambie is on its shores.
 Hitomaro is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 107 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Hitomaro is named for the Japanese poet Kakinomoto no Hitomaro who lived from 655 to 700.
 Wila Pukarani (Aymara wila red or blood pukara pucará (fortress) or mountain of protection -ni Aymara suffix to indicate ownership the one with a red pukara hispanicized spellings Vila Pucarani / Villa Pucarani) is a volcano located in the Coipasa salt pan in the Bolivian Altiplano. It is approximately 4920 m high reaching a prominence of at least 1200 m. It is situated in the Oruro Department Sabaya Province Coipasa Municipality.
 Lake Rabisha (Bulgarian: Рабишко езеро Rabishko ezero) is the largest inland natural freshwater lake in Bulgaria. It is located in northwestern Bulgaria between the villages of Rabisha and Tolovitsa in Belogradchik municipality Vidin Province. The lake is abundant in fish. There are sheatfishes that can reach 300 kilograms of weight. The lake is near the famous Magura Cave which is one of the largest caves in Bulgaria.
 The Salt River (Afrikaans: Soutrivier) is a river in the Western Cape province of South Africa. It is a confluence of the Black River which just previously has been confluenced by the Elsieskraal River and the Liesbeeck River. It flows into Table Bay at the Salt River mouth. Its catchment is part of the Central Management Area of the City of Cape Town.
 The Napier Mountains are a group of more-or-less separated peaks the highest being Mount Elkins at about 2300 meters above sea level. This mountain range is located in Enderby Land in the claimed Australian Antarctic Territory East Antarctica.
 Sandrach is a 48km long river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Urlătoarea Mare River is a headwater of the Urlătoarea River in Romania.
 Usulután is a stratovolcano in central El Salvador rising above the coastal plain between the San Vicente and San Miguel volcanoes and just east of Taburete volcano. The volcano is topped by a 1.3 kilometres (0.8 mi) wide summit crater which is breached to the east.
 Hohe Wart is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Lick is a lunar crater that has been flooded with basaltic lava. The north rim is attached to the smaller bowl-shaped crater Greaves. Lick lies on the southwest edge of Mare Crisium. Its rim is broken at the north and south ends and the southwest rim is attached to the crater remnant Lick A.
 The Uruguay River (Spanish: Río Uruguay Spanish pronunciation: [uɾuˈɣwai]; Portuguese: Rio Uruguai Portuguese pronunciation: [uɾuˈɡwaj]) is a river in South America. It flows from north to south and forms parts of the boundaries of Brazil Argentina and Uruguay separating some of the Argentine provinces of the Mesopotamia from the other two countries.
 The Vizma River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 Buir Lake (Mongolian: Буйр нуур) is a freshwater lake in Mongolia and partly in Inner Mongolia China. It lies within the Buir Lake Depression. Together with Hulun Lake (Dalai Lake) it gives the name to Hulun Buir steppe and region.In 1388 Ming forces under Lan Yu won a major victory over the Northern Yuan Dynasty on the Buir Lake region. Northern Yuan ruler Tögüs Temür tried to escape but was killed shortly afterwards.
 The Lam Brook is a stream in the West Country of England which rises in a number of springs on the southern end of the Cotswold Hills and runs in a generally southerly direction for approximately 2.5 miles (4.0 km) before joining the river Avon at Lambridge in Bath. The brook is mentioned in an Anglo-Saxon charter of indeterminate date. There is evidence of watermills in the Swainswick valley but no working examples survive.
 Pilica is a river in central Poland the longest left tributary of the Vistula river with a length of 319 kilometres (8th longest) and the basin area of 9273 km2 (all in Poland).It flows through the Polish Jura after which it enters Central Polish Plains. Pilica flows into the Vistula near the village of Ostrowek in a geographical region of Central Vistula Valley.
 Whale Mountain is a 3043-foot (928 m) summit in San Diego County California between Ramona and Santa Ysabel near Ballena California.Ballena takes its name from the mountain ballena being Spanish for whale. The Spanish name was the equivalent of the Ipai word ipank that also means whale and that was their name for the mountain.
 Spanish Oak Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country located southwest from the town of Newland. Its elevation reaches 4531 ft (1381 m). Most feeder streams from the mountain flow to the North Toe River; except for White Pine Creek from its southeastern slope which flows to the Linville River. The mountain is partitioned by the Eastern Continental Divide.The mountain is named after Spanish Oak a type of red oak which can be found on the mountain.
 The San San River is a river of Panama.
 Tso Ngön (Tibetan: མཚོ་སྔོན Wylie: mtsho sngon; Chinese: 错鄂; pinyin: Cuò È）is a plateau lake in Xainza County Tibet Autonomous Region southwest of China. The lake is part of the Siling Lake drainage system. The shoreline is deeply indented by bays and the lake is dotted by many islands. It is 28.5 km long and 16.7 km wide and has an area of 269 square km.
 Lago di Baratz is a lake in the Province of Sassari Sardinia Italy. At an elevation of 24 m its surface area is 0.6 km². It is the only natural freshwater lake in Sardinia.It's located inside the Municipality of Sassari near Alghero.
 At 527.8 m (1732 ft) above sea level the Große Blöße is the highest hill in the Solling-Vogler Nature Park the Solling and the Weser Uplands (Lower Saxony Germany).
 Piz Pisoc is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps overlooking Tarasp in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. With an elevation of 3173 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the Sesvenna Range west of Pass Costainas (2251 metres) and the second highest summit of the whole range.The east side of Piz Pisoc is part of the Swiss National Park.
 Hedströmmen is a river located in Bergslagen in Sweden.
 Big Southern Butte is the largest and youngest (300000 years old) of three rhyolitic domes formed over a million years near the center of the Eastern Snake River Plain in the U.S. state of Idaho. In fact it is one of the largest volcanic domes on earth.
 Croaghaun is a mountain in County Carlow Ireland one of the Blackstairs Mountains.Croaghaun is the most northerly summit in the Blackstairs Mountains. It is the 603rd highest summit in Ireland.
 Chalan Beel (Bengali: চলনবিল) is a wetland in Bangladesh. It is a large inland depression marshy in character with rich flora and fauna. Forty-seven rivers and other waterways flow into the Chalan Beel. As silt builds up in the beel its size is being reduced.
 The Kal'chik (Кальчик) is a river in the Donetsk Oblast of Ukraine. It flows from Listvanka into the Kalmius which it enters near the city of Mariupol. Supposedly it was the scene of the Battle of the Kalka River between the Mongol Empire and Kievan Rus' in 1223.
 Diamond Valley Lake is a man-made offstream reservoir located near Hemet California United States. It is one of the largest reservoirs in Southern California and also one of the newest. With 800000 acre feet (990000000 m3) of water The lake nearly doubled the area’s surface water storage capacity and provides additional water supplies for drought peak summer and emergency needs.The Metropolitan Water District of Southern California began the $1.9 billion construction project in 1995.
 Mount Hope Bay is a tidal estuary located at the mouth of the Taunton River on the Massachusetts and Rhode Island border. It is an arm of Narragansett Bay. The bay is named after Mount Hope a small hill located on its western shore in what is now Bristol Rhode Island. It flows into the East Passage of Narragansett Bay and also the Sakonnet River. Mount Hope Bay has played an important role to the history of the area from pre-colonial times to the present.
 Lake Petén Itzá (Lago Petén Itzá) is a lake in the northern Petén Department in Guatemala. It is the second largest lake in Guatemala after the Izabal Lake. It is located around 16°59′0″N 89°48′0″W. It has an area of 99 km² some 32 km. long and 5 km wide. Its maximum depth is 160 m. The lake area presents high levels of migration due to the existence of natural resources such as wood chewing gum oil and agricultural and pasture activities.
 Buttermilk Creek is a tributary of the Muskrat River in the township of Whitewater Region Renfrew County Ontario Canada.
 Rega redirects here. For other uses see Rega (disambiguation).The Rega is a river in north-western Poland flowing into the Baltic Sea. It is the country's 24th longest river with a total length of 168 km and a catchment area of 2725 km².Towns on the Rega: Świdwin Łobez Resko Płoty Gryfice Trzebiatów
 Gaularfjellet is a mountain area in central Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The mountains for the borders between the municipalities of Gaular Balestrand and Førde. Norwegian County Road 13 crosses the mountains through a pass that follows the river Gaula.
 Schwengeberg is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.de:Schwengeberg
 Tantalus is an extinct cinder cone in the southern Koʻolau Range on the Hawaiian Island of Oʻahu. It also has a summit crater Tantalus Crater. The cinder cone formed after the demise of Koʻolau Volcano during a time of rejuvenated stage volcanism in southeastern Oʻahu that also formed Punchbowl Crater Diamond Head and Koko Head. Tantalus overlooks the modern city of Honolulu which is built on top of Tantalus cinders.As part of the U.S.
 Alter River (Swedish: Alterälven) is a river in Sweden.
 Gapjangsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 806 metres.
 Wolfsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Izvorul Roșu River is a tributary of the Botizu River in Romania.
 Lac La Blanche (French meaning White Lake) is a small lake located on the boundary between Mulgrave-et-Derry and Mayo Quebec Canada. The lake has three islands.A 20.52 square kilometres (7.92 sq mi) area between its eastern shores and Lac Britannique (Britannia Lake) is protected in the Forêt-la-Blanche Ecological Reserve. This area contains a rare old-growth forest and many endangered plant species.Fish species: mostly Largemouth bass Yellow Perch Sunfish Catfish and trout.
 Skjomen (Northern Sami: Skievvá) is an fjord arm that branches off from the Ofotfjorden. It is located in the Ofoten district in Northern Norway located just south of the city of Narvik. The European route E06 highway crosses the Skjomen fjord over the Skjomen Bridge just south of the mouth of the fjord.A sheltered valley called Skjomdalen extends southward from the end of the fjord. The valley is inhabited by approximately 400 people.
 Persbo Crater is an impact crater in the Elysium quadrangle of Mars located at 8.54° N and 203.24° W. It is 19.5 km in diameter and was named after Persbo Sweden.
 The Sadova River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Alpstein are a subgroup of the Appenzell Alps in Switzerland. The Alpstein massif is in Appenzell Innerrhoden Appenzell Ausserrhoden and St. Gallen.Despite it being rather low when compared to other Alpine peaks - the highest mountain is the Säntis at 2502 metres - the Alpstein due to their northern outpost position only a short distance from Lake Constance (nearly 30 km) are relatively tall when compared to the surrounding area.
 Norbury Junction (Grid Ref SJ 793228) is a canal junction which lies about 1 mile (1.6 km) to the south east of Norbury in Staffordshire England. It opened in 1835 and closed in 1944 although the main line of the Shropshire Union Canal still runs through it.
 The Izvorul cu Apă River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
 Plataneiko (Greek: Πλατανέικο) is a river in the northern part of the Achaia prefecture. The river flows entirely in municipalities of Rio and empties into the Gulf of Patras.
 Sengelsberg is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Pikchu Pikchu (Quechua pikchu pyramid; mountain or prominence with a broad base which ends in sharp peaks the reduplication signifies there is a group or a complex of s.th. a group of peaks hispanicized spellings Picchu Picchu and Pichu Pichu which means a group of shinbones) is an inactive volcano in the Andes of Peru. It has a height of 5664 metres (18583 ft). It is a very popular tourist attraction.
 Svartungbråteberget is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 The Slatina River or Izvorin River is a tributary of the Apa Mare River in Romania.
 The Orutua River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. One of the country's easternmost rivers it rises in rough hill country to the southwest of East Cape flowing north to reach the Pacific Ocean to the east of Te Araroa.
 Laila Peak in Hushe Valley near Gondogoro Glacier is in Karakoram range and is 6096 metres (20000 ft) high. It has a distinctive spear-like shape. Its northwest face has a slope of 45 degrees in more than 1500 vertical metres. It has been climbed by Simon Yates among others.
 Son Beel (Shon Bill) is one of the largest lakes in southern Assam in India. It is situated in the Karimganj district and is the largest wetland in Assam state. The speciality of Son Beel is that during winter season is becomes fully farm land where Rice cultivation is done and after winter from March onward this piece land gets filled up with water and become a lake.
 The Kuban River (Russian: Куба́нь pronounced [kuˈbanʲ]) is a river in Russia in the North Caucasus region. It flows mostly through Krasnodar Krai (660 km) but also in the Karachay–Cherkess Republic Stavropol Krai and the Republic of Adygea.The Kuban known to Herodotus as Hypanis flows 870 km north and west from its source near Mount Elbrus in the Caucasus Mountains eventually reaching Temryuk Bay in the Sea of Azov.
 Uilgan River is a river of Mongolia.
 Ngadi Chuli (also known as Peak 29 Dakura Dakum or Dunapurna) is a high peak in the Mansiri Himal (or Manaslu Himal) also known as the Gurkha Massif in Nepal. It is flanked by Manaslu to the north and Himalchuli to the south.Despite its top 20 height Ngadi Chuli has only been climbed once or twice. The probable first ascent occurred in 1970. Hiroshi Watanabe and Sherpa Lhaksa Tsering members of a Japanese expedition climbed the east ridge and face.
 The Alibeg River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Schellschlicht is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Bagaduce River is a tidal river in the Hancock County Maine that empties into Penobscot Bay near the town of Castine. From the confluence of Black Brook and the outflow of Walker Pond (44°21′16″N 68°40′41″W) the river runs about 14 miles (23 km) north northwest and southwest forming the border between Brooksville on its left bank and Sedgwick Penobscot and Castine on its right.
 The Bristen (3'073 m) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps overlooking the valley of the Reuss and located to the south of Amsteg in the canton of Uri Switzerland. The mountain is located about four kilometres north of Piz Giuv and the border with Graubünden. The Bristen is considered one of the main landmarks of the Canton of Uri.
 The Pârâul Carpenilor is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Lake O-ike (69°1′S 39°34′E) is a lake just southeast of Showa Flat in the east extremity of Ongul Island. Mapped from surveys and air photos by the Japanese Antarctic Research Expedition (JARE) 1957-1962 and named O-ike (big pond) because it is the largest lake on the island.
 Upper Lead Mountain Pond is a lake in Hancock County Maine United States. It is located less than 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of the Lead Mountain and 0.25 mi (0.40 km) north of Maine State Route 9 near the town of Beddington. The inflow to Bear Pond comes from several small stream and it drains via a small 500 feet (150 m) stream to Middle/Lower Lead Mountain Pond. Several unpaved roads provide access to the lake and private residences surrounding it.
 Lake Idro (Italian: Lago d'Idro also Eridio from Latin: Eridius lacus German: Idrosee) is an Italian prealpine lake of glacial origin situated largely within the Province of Brescia (Lombardy) and in part in Trentino.At 368 m above sea level it is the highest of the Lombard prealpine lakes. The lake is fed principally by the waters of the river Chiese; that river is also its only emissary. It has a surface area of 11.4 km² and a maximum depth of 122 m.
 Five Rivers is a stream in the U.S. state of Oregon located in Benton County.
 The Tana River (Finnish: Teno or Tenojoki; Northern Sami: Deatnu; Norwegian: Tanaelva; Swedish: Tana älv) is a 361 kilometres (224 mi) long river in Sápmi area of northern Scandinavia. The river flows through Finnmark county Norway and the Lapland region of Finland. The Sámi name means Great River. The main tributaries of Tana are Anarjohka and Karasjohka.
 Sebbins Pond is an approximately 20-acre (81000 m2) body of water in Bedford New Hampshire. It is located in the eastern part of the town between Back River Road and the Everett Turnpike.
 MacPherson Lake is a lake of Guysborough Municipality Nova Scotia Canada. It is located a short distance from Port Shoreham Provincial Beach along Highway 344. Yearly fishing derbies are held on the lake and many people with family roots in the area consider it their summer home.
 The Saudades River (lower Chapecó River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Gran Valira (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈɡran bəˈɫiɾə] locally: [ˈɡran baˈliɾa]) is the biggest river in Andorra. It flows through the capital Andorra la Vella and exits the country in the south near the Spain-Andorra road border crossing.The Gran Valira is a tributary to the Segre which in turn is a tributary to the Ebro. It flows into the Segre in La Seu d'Urgell. Its main tributaries are the Valira d'Orient the Valira del Nord and the Madriu.
 The Cockscomb is the second highest mountain in the Eastern Cape in South Africa. It gets its name from its resemblance to a fowl's comb. It is situated in the Baviaanskloof region and the nearest town is Uitenhage. The Cockscomb is part of the Groot Winterhoek range.
 Mount Seppiko (雪彦山 Seppiko-san) is a mountain or mountains in Himeji Hyōgo Japan. This mountain is one of the San-hiko-san three Hiko Shugendō mountains in Japan and also one of Hyōgo 50 mountains and Kinki 100 mountains. It forms part of Seppiko-Mineyama Prefectural Natural Park.
 The Lavant (Slovene: Labotnica) is a left tributary of the Drau in the Austrian state of Carinthia. It originates in the small Lavantsee at the southern slope of the Zirbitzkogel mountain in Styria then turns southeastwards and after 7 miles reaches the border to Carinthia.
 Paul Lake (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Bull Hill also known as Mount Taurus is a mountain north of the village of Cold Spring on the Hudson River in Putnam County in the State of New York. It is part of the river-straddling range known as the Hudson Highlands. The original name came after a bull that used to terrorize the mountain was chased by indignant inhabitants. A hunting party drove the bull over the hill. In an attempt to flee the mountaineers the bull plunged out into space and fell down.
 Bells Creek an urban watercourse that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in Greater Western Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 The Sestra (Russian: Сестра; Finnish: Rajajoki or Siestarjoki; Swedish: Systerbäck) is a river in Vsevolozhsky and Vyborgsky Districts of Leningrad Oblast and Kurortny District of Saint Petersburg Russia. The length of the Sestra is 74 kilometres (46 mi) and the area of its basin is 399 square kilometres (154 sq mi).The Sestra River flows over the Karelian Isthmus.
 The Loing is a 142 km long river in central France a left tributary of the Seine. Its source is in Sainte-Colombe-sur-Loing in the south of the Yonne département. The Loing flows into the Seine in Saint-Mammès near Moret-sur-Loing. The part of the Briare Canal between Rogny-les-Sept-Écluses and Montargis runs parallel to the Loing.
 The Culan is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Col de la Croix in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It lies approximately 3 kilometres (2 mi) west of the Diablerets summit.
 The Constitution River or commonly called The Careenage is a river located along Carlisle Bay on the south-western portion of Barbados. The western end of the river runs through the centre of Bridgetown in Saint Michael. The river acts as a channel for heavy rain run-off from the higher interior regions of the island. Additionally it is a small sheltered shallow passage or yacht harbour for medium sized yachts or small craft boats to dock in the city.
 Paint Branch is a 14.0-mile-long (22.5 km) stream that flows through Montgomery County and Prince George's County Maryland. It is a tributary of the Northeast Branch which flows to the Anacostia River Potomac River and the Chesapeake Bay.The headwaters of Paint Branch are located near Spencerville (about 11.5 miles (18.5 km) north of Washington D.C.) and the stream flows south for 14 miles (23 km) to its confluence with the Northeast Branch.
 The Río Guanajibo is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Scoaba Alunecoasă is a tributary of the Suseni river in Romania.
 Waldangelbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Mpopoma is a seasonal river in western Zimbabwe a tributary of the Kame (Khami River).The Mpopoma flows through the city of Bulawayo and has been noted for waste-oil pollution there.
 Puigsou is a mountain in Catalonia Spain. At an elevation of 991 metres above sea level it is the highest point in the comarca of Gironès. Located near the Santuari de la Mare de Déu de Rocacorba it is part of the protected area of the mountains of Rocacorba. The mountain hosts several antennas for telecommunications and broadcasting including television.
 The Owenbrean River (Irish: Abhainn Bhréan or stinking river) is a small river in County Fermanagh Northern Ireland which flows down from Cuilcagh Mountain before sinking underground eventually reaching the Marble Arch Cave system. The river meets up with two other mountain rivers within the caves the Sruh Croppa and the Aghinrawn; these three rivers then form the River Cladagh.
 The Pakoka River is a river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southwest from its source southeast of Raglan to reach the northeastern end of the Aotea Harbour.
 East Kennebago Mountain is a trailless mountain located in Franklin County Maine. East Kennebago Mtn.
 Jendemsfjellet is a mountain in Fræna Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The cone-shaped mountain is located just northeast of the villages of Jendem and Hollingen (on the municipal border with Aukra Municipality) southeast of the small island of Vågøy and southwest of the village of Aureosen. The 633-metre (2077 ft) mountain sits just east of Julsundet strait and south of Frænafjorden.
 Kings Creek is a creek in eastern Ontario Canada. It is a right tributary of the Jock River. It should not be confused with Kings Creek a tributary of the Mississippi River (Ontario) nearby to the west.
 Pizzo d'Orsalia is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Bosco Gurin in the canton of Ticino. It lies on the chain that separates the Val Calnègia from the Valle di Bosco Gurin.
 Umsaskis Lake is a lake in Maine. It is located in Aroostook County and lies approximately 27 miles (43 km) from the Canada-U.S. border.
 Erpf is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Noyo River is a river on the north coast of California in Mendocino County. The river's headwaters are in the steep Mendocino Range but downstream the river flows through gently sloping marine terraces before draining into the Pacific Ocean.
 Lago di Chironico (or simply Laghetto) is an Alpine lake located above Chironico in the Swiss canton Ticino. The lake lies at a height of 1763 metres. Its surface area is 15 ha.
 Mount Ashwood is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 11 km (7 mi) north of Woss.
 Kleinlaudenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The River Washburn is a river in Yorkshire England. It originates high in the Yorkshire Dales and ends where it meets the River Wharfe. It lies within the Nidderdale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
 The Dumbrăvița River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 Acaill Bheag (Achillbeg) is a small island in County Mayo Ireland just off the southern tip of Achill Island. Its name means 'Little Achill'. Acaill Bheag was evacuated in 1965 and the inhabitants were settled on the main (Achill) island and nearby mainland. The main settlement was in the centre of the island bounded by two hills to the north and south. There are a small number of holiday homes on the island but they are usually empty for most of the year.
 The Pocloş River ( Hungarian: Poklos Poklos-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name in Hungarian means Hellish Creek.
 The Negureni River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Piperberget is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Devil's Courthouse refers to two locations: A great overhang of Whiteside Mountain in Jackson County NC A mountain in Transylvania County NCThis article concerns the mountain in Transylvania County NC.Devil's Courthouse is a mountain in the Appalachian Mountains of western North Carolina in the United States of America.
 Stuart Glacier lies to the north of Mount Stuart in the U.S. state of Washington. Stuart Glacier is within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness of Wenatchee National Forest. The glacier is approximately .20 mi (0.32 km) in length .25 mi (0.40 km) in width at its widest and descends from 7400 to 6400 ft (2300 to 2000 m) where it terminates as an icefall. Less than .50 mi (0.80 km) to the southeast lies Sherpa Glacier.
 Llyn Crafnant is a lake that lies in a beautiful valley in North Wales where the northern edge of the Gwydir Forest meets the lower slopes of the Carneddau mountains and more specifically the ridge of Cefn Cyfarwydd. The head of the valley offers a profile of crags which are silhouetted at sunset and many people regard the lake as one of the most beautiful spots in North Wales.
 Kirbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Rock Dam Lake is an 118-acre (0.48 km2) lake located in Clark County Wisconsin. The lake is shallow with the deepest depth at 10 feet. It is rich in iron resulting in a dark red-blue hue.
 Marjanah is an impact crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Marjanah was first observed in Cassini images during that mission's February 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 38.2° North Latitude 302.8° West Longitude and is 14.5 kilometers across. The topography of the impact crater appears very subdued suggesting that the crater has undergone significant viscous relaxation since its formation.
 The Unghürhörner are a multi-summited mountain of the Silvretta Alps located south-east of Klosters in the canton of Graubünden. They lie in the Vereina valley west of the Plattenhörner.The main summit has an elevation of 2994 metres above sea level. A nearly equally high secondary summit has an elevation of 2992 metres.
 Elmer is a small lunar crater that is located to the south of Mare Smythii near the eastern limb of the Moon. This crater is seen at a highly oblique angle from Earth and the visibility is affected by libration. Elmer lies southwest of the crater Kreiken and east-southeast of the larger Dale. This is a circular bowl-shaped crater with an interior floor that occupies about half the total diameter.
 Gitzenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Glatten (2505 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps overlooking the Klausen Pass in the canton of Uri. It is the tripoint between the valleys of Muota Schächental and Urner Boden. The summit consists of a large karstic plateau.
 The Zeicu River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
 Oberstdorfer Hammerspitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. The former name was Hammerspitze.
 Monte Cimone di Tonezza is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1226 metres (4022 ft).
 Tumbafrailes (literally: Friar-Kicker) is a short river in Spain.
 Pizzo del Ramulazz is a 2939 metres high mountain in the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. The east side of the mountain overlooking the Calanca valley consists of a large and steep face.A secondary summit (2915 metres) on the north side overlooks Passo del Ramulazz.
 The Lillooet Ranges are the southeasternmost subdivision of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains of British Columbia. They are located between the drainage of the Lillooet River and Harrison Lake on the west and the canyon of the Fraser River on the east and by the lowland coastal valley of that river on the south.The Lillooet Ranges are approximately 8100 square kilometres (3150 mi²) in area.
 The Mohican River is a principal tributary of the Walhonding River about 40 miles (64 km) long in north-central Ohio in the United States. Via the Walhonding Muskingum and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 999 square miles (2587 km²).The Mohican River is formed in Ashland County about 2 miles (3 km) southwest of Loudonville by the confluence of the Black Fork and the Clear Fork.
 The Manița River is a tributary of the Valea Albă River in Romania.
 The Belen Pass (Turkish: Belen Geçidi) also known as the Syrian Gates is a mountain pass located in the Belen District of Hatay Province in south-central Turkey. The narrow pass through the Nur Mountains (the ancient Amanus Mountains) said to be 300 paces across is the most important route from the coastal region of Cilicia to inland Syria.
 Zucchius is a prominent lunar impact crater located near the southwestern limb. Because of its location the crater appears oblong-shaped due to foreshortening. It lies just to the south-southwest of the crater Segner and northeast of the much larger walled plain Bailly. To the southeast is Bettinus a formation only slightly larger than Zucchius.The crater rim is symmetrical and shows little significant wear from impacts.
 Big Bear Lake is a reservoir in the San Bernardino Mountains in San Bernardino County California United States. At a surface elevation of 6750 ft (2060 m) it has an east-west length of approximately 7 mi (11 km) and is approximately 2.5 mi (4.0 km) at its widest measurement though the lake's width mostly averages a little more than 1 mi (1.6 km). These approximations are based on the lake having an optimum retainable water level.
 Mount Collie is a mountain in Yoho National Park located on the western boundary of the Wapta Icefield in Canada. The mountain was named in 1897 by Charles S. Thompson after J. Norman Collie an accomplished mountaineer and early explorer of the Canadian Rockies.
 The Záncara is a 168 km long river in Castile-La Mancha Spain. It is a tributary to the Guadiana. Its source is near the village Abia de la Obispalía west of Cuenca in the Iberian System. The Záncara flows southwest along the town of Socuéllamos. Its main tributaries are the Rus Saona and Córcoles.It flows into the Cigüela from the left near the Ojos del Guadiana Villarrubia de los Ojos municipal term. There are authors though that claim that it is the Cigüela that flows into the Záncara.
 The South Branch Stroudwater River is a 3.1-mile-long (5.0 km) stream in Cumberland County Maine in the United States. It is a tributary of the Stroudwater River part of the watershed of the Fore River the harbor for the city of Portland.The South Branch rises in Scarborough at the junction of Fogg Brook and Silver Brook and flows northeast into the town of Gorham where it joins the Stroudwater River near the village of South Gorham.
 The Charlotte River is a 17.1-mile-long (27.5 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of the St. Marys River joining it at West Neebish Channel.
 For other mountains with the same name see Blackjack Mountain (disambiguation). Should not be confused with Blackjack Mountain Cobb County Georgia.Blackjack Mountain is a scenic landmark located in the very southwest corner of Carroll County Georgia on the Georgia-Alabama border and Heard County line. The nearest city is Ephesus Georgia 2.2 miles (3.5 km) to the south.While not an impressive mountain the summit is one of the higher points in Georgia south of Interstate 20.
 Attersee (also known as the Kammersee or Lake Attersee) is the largest lake of the Salzkammergut area of Austria. It extends for about 20 km from north to south and 4 km from east to west. Its water comes from the Seeache which flows out of another lake the Mondsee.
 The Versa a left tributary of the Tanaro is a 35 kilometre torrent in the Province of Asti in north-west Italy. It is the river of the valley called Valle Versa. In 1836 the Versa was identified along with the Rotaldo the Grana the Stura and the Gattola as one of the five torrents of the still extant Province of Casale.Its source is a little to the north of Cocconato near the border with the Province of Turin.
 The Kushida River (櫛田川 Kushida-gawa) is a major river that flows through central Mie Prefecture on the island of Honshū Japan. It is officially classified as a Class 1 river by the Japanese government one of four Class 1 rivers that flow solely through Mie. The majority of river's course is through the city of Matsusaka.The river's source is on Mount Takami which stands on the border of Mie and Nara Prefectures.
 The Corvin River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Pain de Sucre (literally: sugar loaf) is a little mountain located on Terre-de-Haut Island on the archipelago of Îles des Saintes with the height of 53 metres (173.88 feet). It is a peninsula between two beaches called Petite Anse du Pain de sucre and Anse Devant.Pain de Sucre is constituated by an alignment of basalt columns plunging into the blue waters of the bay of les Saintes.The organ pipes of this mountain are a spectacular geologic curiosity and a famous tourist spot of the archipelago.
 The Murray River is a river in the southwest of Western Australia which played a significant part in the expansion of Aboriginal settlement in the area south of Perth after the arrival of British settlers at the Swan River Colony in 1829.The river is one of the few major rivers close to Perth which is devoid of dams for public water supply.
 Snow Valley Peak is a mountain located in the Carson Range of the Sierra Nevada. The mountain lies within the city limits of Carson City NV. At 9214 feet in elevation it is also the city's highest point. From the peak Carson City Lake Tahoe Reno and Carson Valley are all clearly visible. The peak is accessible along the Tahoe Rim Trail from the Spooner Lake Trailhead.
 The Stroudwater Navigation is a canal which linked Stroud to the Severn Estuary in England and Wales. It was authorised in 1776 although part had already been built as the proprietors believed that an Act of Parliament obtained in 1730 gave them the necessary powers. Opened in 1779 it was a commercial success its main cargo being coal. It was 8 miles (13 km) in length and had a rise of 102 feet 5 inches (31.22 m) through 12 locks.
 The Valea Morii River or Pârâul Morii or Peştiş River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania. The lower reach of the river downstream of the village of Pestiş is also known as Valea Şoimului River.
 The Unstrut is a river in eastern Germany and a left tributary of the Saale. It originates in northern Thuringia near Dingelstädt (west of Kefferhausen in the Eichsfeld area) and its catchment area is the whole of the Thuringian Basin. It breaks out of the basin through the Thuringian Gate west of Heldrungen and in its lower reaches flows through Saxony-Anhalt before emptying into the Saale near Naumburg. The total length of the Unstrut is 192 kilometres (119 mi).
 The Dent de Ruth is a mountain in the Bernese Alps in Switzerland. The summit is the tripoint between the cantons of Vaud Berne and Fribourg.
 Ruška koča or Tinetov dom pri Arehu (1246) is a mountain hut on Pohorje Slovenia built by locals in 1907. Before World War II there were three huts (Ruškova koča Čandrova Koča and Planika) which together with St. Areh Church formed a beautiful mountain resort. All three huts were burned down during the war.The current hut was built in 1946 and then expanded upon in 1977. A new Čandrova koča was later built due to high demand. Both huts are open throughout the year.
 Caburgua-Huelemolle consists of four groups of cinder cones namely they are Volcanes de Caburgua Volcán Huelemolle Volcán Redondo and Pichares. Volcanes de Caburgua is a group formed by six pyroclastic cones located at the southern tip of the Caburgua Lake which is a lava-dammed lake created by volcanic activity from the just mentioned cones. Volcán Huelemolle is a group of three cinder cones lying between the rivers Liucura and Trancura.
 Grudzianka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Mogilica.
 Pieni-Kiimanen is a medium-sized lake in Kainuu region in northern Finland. It is located in Sotkamo and it belongs to the Oulujoki main catchment area. Pieni-Kiimanen is separated from another lake Iso-Kiimanen with strait Pajusalmi.
 The Camanducaia River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Gries Glacier (German: Griesgletscher) is a 5 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Lepontine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 6.23 km2. In 2008 it had an area of 5.26 km2.
 Mount Clay is a peak located in Thompson and Meserve's Purchase in Coos County in the Presidential Range of the White Mountains of New Hampshire. It is a rise about 0.9-mile (1.4 km) long and a few hundred feet tall with summit elevation of 5533 feet (1686 m); it lies on the ridge joining the summits of Mount Washington about 0.9-mile (1.4 km) to the south-southeast with that of Mount Jefferson about 1.3-mile (2.1 km) north.
 Sklodowska (Skłodowska) is a large lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies just past the southeastern limb and can sometimes be viewed from Earth under favorable conditions of libration and illumination. The crater is located to the northeast of the older walled plain Curie and to the southwest of Pasteur another walled plain.This is a prominent crater with a well-defined rim and little appearance of wear from impact erosion.
 Ezekiel Pond is a 36-acre (150000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts south of West Wind Shores north of Little Rocky Pond east of White Island Pond and west of Big Sandy Pond and Whites Pond. The pond has an average depth of eight feet and a maximum depth of 19 feet (5.8 m). Most of the land along the southern and eastern shores of the pond has been developed. Access to the southern shore of the pond is possible by foot over unimproved land from Bourne Road.
 Big Jažinačko Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Jazhincës; Serbian: Велико Јажиначко језеро Veliko Jažinačko jezero) is a mountain lake in Kosovo found in the eastern part of the Šar Mountains. Big Jažinačko Lake is 2180 m (7152 ft) above sea level just under the peak of Peskovi which reaches a height of 2651 m (8698 ft). Its maximum length is 125 m (410 ft) and its maximum width is 90 m (295 ft).
 Ben Lui (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn Laoigh) is a mountain in the southern Highlands of Scotland at the head of Glen Fyne. It has five well-defined ridges radiating out from the summit. Four corries lie between the ridges; including Coire Gaothaich which lies on the northeast side of the mountain.Ben Lui is the highest and most famous of a group of four Munros that lie south of Glen Lochy and about 10 km north of the top end of Loch Lomond.
 The Waiotauru River is a river of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally north from two branches the Southern Waiotauru River and the Eastern Waiotauru (or Snowy) River. Both of these branches have their origins in the southwestern Tararua Range with the Eastern branch having its origin on the slopes of Mount Hector. The Waiotauru meets the Otaki River at Otaki Forks 15 kilometres southeast of Otaki.
 This article is about the river. For the community of the same name see Sydney River Nova Scotia.The Sydney River is a short river located in Cape Breton County Nova Scotia Canada. Historically it was also referred to as the Spanish River from the 18th century French name for its estuary Baie d’Espagnols.
 Ploská is a mountain in the Hôlna Fatra part of the Greater Fatra Range in Slovakia measuring 1532.1 metres (5026.6 ft). It lies on the main ridge to South it continues to Ostredok and Krížna mountains to the North it divides into the lower western Turiec Ridge (Slovak: Turčianský hrebeň) and higher eastern Liptov Ridge (Slovak: Liptovský hrebeň).
 Sass de Mura is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2547 metres.
 The Veríssimo River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Desolation Peak (13161 ft (4011 m)) is located in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Situated .66 mi (1.06 km) west of Rampart Peak Desolation Peak is within the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest and west of the Continental Divide. Desolation Peak is the 22nd tallest peak in Wyoming.
 The Boivre is a 46.1 km long river in western France tributary of the river Clain. Its source is near Vasles in the Deux-Sèvres département.The Boivre flows through the following départements and towns:Deux-Sèvres: VaslesVienne: Benassay Lavausseau La Chapelle-Montreuil Montreuil-Bonnin Béruges Vouneuil-sous-Biard Biard and PoitiersIt reaches the Clain at Poitiers.
 Queets Glacier is located in the Olympic Mountains in Olympic National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. Like all the glaciers in Olympic National Park Hanging Glacier is in a state of retreat. The glacier lies on the northwest side of Mount Queets at an elevation of about 5564 feet (1696 m) the glacier descends northwest bounded by two arêtes on either side. The ice reaches as low as 5000 ft (1500 m) before terminating and giving rise to some of the headwaters of the Queets River.
 Mount Herschel is a conspicuous peak standing 2.6 km (1.6 mi) northeast of Mount Peacock and overlooking the terminus of Ironside Glacier from the south in the Admiralty Mountains Victoria Land Antarctica.The peak was discovered in 1841 by Sir James Clark Ross who named this feature for Sir John F.W. Herschel noted English astronomer.
 Šuoikkatjávri is a lake in the municipalities of Kvænangen in Troms county and Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The somewhat S-shaped lake is about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) long and is only about 900 metres (3000 ft) wide.
 Periya aeri (Big lake) also known as Pallavaram aeri or Pallavaram lake is situated on eastern side of railway track from Pallavaram to Chromepet Chennai Tamil Nadu. It used to be a large lake but it dried up and was polluted by industrial waste water and garbage. A burial site remains and is used for burial rites.
 Lake Tuggeranong an artificial lake sourced the confluence of Tuggeranong Creek and stormwater discharge from urban and rural areas is located in the Tuggeranong district of Canberra within the Australian Capital Territory Australia.The lake is situated adjacent to the Tuggeranong Town Centre and is bounded by the suburbs of Bonython in the south-east and Kambah in the north-west.
 The Tapera River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 For the granite dome near Glacier Point Yosemite National Park see Sentinel Dome.Sentinel Rock is a granitic peak in Yosemite National Park California United States. It towers over Yosemite Valley opposite Yosemite Falls. Sentinel Rock lies 0.7 miles (1.1 km) northwest of Sentinel Dome.The most famous climbing route is the Steck-Salathé route which is rated a class 5.10b G A0.High-profile climber Derek Hersey died while attempting to free solo climb Sentinel Rock in 1993.
 Berg Lake is a lake on the Robson River just below the river's source located within Mount Robson Provincial Park at the doorstep of the north face of Mount Robson the highest peak in the Canadian Rockies. It is partly fed by the Berg Glacier.The turquoise colored Berg Lake is dotted with icebergs even in the middle of summer. Berg Lake can be reached by following a marked hiking trail for 19 kilometres (12 mi) from the parking lot.
 El Far (cim de Susqueda) is a mountain of the Guilleries Massif Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1122.8 metres above sea level. There is a chapel up de mountain known as Santuari del Far.
 Sipaliwini River is a river of Suriname the main source of the Courantyne River. It gives its name to the Sipaliwini District. It flows through the city of Kwamalasamutu. The name translates to thornback ray (sipari) river in the local Maroon dialect.
 Brindley Mountain is an isolated portion of the Appalachian Plateau in northern Alabama. It occupies significant portions of Cullman Morgan and Marshall Counties and extends into Winston and Lawrence counties. The plateau is formed by a sandstone cap-rock overlying limestone.
 Tannerus is a small lunar crater that is located in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon. It lies within a couple of crater diameters of Asclepi to the northeast and some distance due east of Jacobi.The rim of this crater is very close to circular with only a slight inward bulge along the north edge where it is joined to Tannerus P. The edge is sharp and well-defined although there are tiny impacts along the rim in the west and south.
 Bîc (Bâc or Byk) is a river in Moldova a right tributary of Dniester. The upper flow of Bîc cuts a deep canyon in Codri Hills. The capital of Moldova Chişinău is situated near Bîc. A dam near Chişinău holds the Chişinău Sea reservoir which has an area of about 10 km². During the summer season Bîc often dries out and turns into a chain of lakes. The river is heavily polluted so swimming in it is not advisable.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
 The River Llugwy (Afon Llugwy in Welsh) is a tributary of the River Conwy and has its source at Ffynnon Llugwy a lake in the Carneddau range of mountains in Snowdonia in north-west Wales.
 Izsak is a small lunar impact crater that is located on the Moon's far side hidden from view from the Earth. It lies about half-way between the walled plains Fermi to the northeast and Milne to the southwest. Due south of Izsak is the larger crater Schaeberle. Izsak is a circular nearly symmetric crater formation with a sharp-edged rim that has received little erosion. At the midpoint of the interior floor is a small central peak.
 The Hârța River or Hința River is a tributary of the Govora River in Romania.
 Lago di Ortiglieto is a lake in north-west Italy which straddles the provinces of Genoa (in Liguria) and Alessandria (in Piedmont).
 Killhope Cross (el. 627 m.) is a mountain pass in the English Pennines. The pass divides Weardale to the east and Cumbria to the west. The road over the pass the (A689) from Hartlepool to Carlisle Cumbria connects the towns of Cornriggs and Alston Cumbria. It is the equal highest paved pass in England with the Harthope Moss approximately 10 miles to the south on the other side of Burnhope Seat (747 m).
 The Izvoarele River is a tributary of the Urlătoarea Mare River in Romania.
 Hüttwilersee is a lake in the Canton of Thurgau Switzerland. It is located near two other lakes Nussbaumersee and Hasensee on the border of the municipalities of Hüttwilen und Uesslingen-Buch.
 The Guadalupe River is a short river in California whose headwater creeks originate in the Santa Cruz Mountains near the summit of Loma Prieta and Mount Umunhum. The river mainstem now begins on the Santa Clara Valley floor at the northern end of Lake Almaden which is fed by Los Alamitos Creek and Guadalupe Creek just downstream of Coleman Road in San Jose California.
 Manapiare River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Isle Lake is a medium sized lake in central Alberta. It is located about 80 km west of the city of Edmonton. The lake is fed by the Sturgeon River which eventually leeds into the North Saskatchewan River. Isle Lake has been lower than usual because of the lack of inflow the Sturgeon River gave in 2009. Some fish species that can be found in the lake are Walleye Northern Pike Yellow Perch Lake Whitefish and Burbot.
 The Ulster is a 56 km long river in Thuringia and Hesse Germany left tributary of the Werra. Its source is in the Rhön Mountains near Ehrenberg. The Ulster flows generally north through the towns Hilders Tann Geisa and Unterbreizbach. It flows into the Werra in Philippsthal.
 The Sosto (2220.6 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Olivone in the canton of Ticino. It lies south of the lake of Luzzone and west of the Torrone di Nav.
 Ibn Bajja is a small lunar crater located about 199k km (62 mi) from the south pole of the Moon. The ridge north of Ibn Bajja is part of the elevated rim encircling the depressed area containing Cabeus.Previously unnamed this crater along with 18 others was named in 2009 by the International Astronomical Union (IAU). It was named for Ibn Bajja (c. 1095-1138) a Spanish-Arab astronomer and philosopher.
 The Wilge River (Afrikaans: Wilgerivier) is a tributary of the Vaal River in central South Africa. This river is important as part of the Tugela-Vaal Water Transfer Scheme where water is transferred from the Tugela River basin to the Vaal River basin.The Largemouth Yellowfish is present in the waters of the Wilge River reaching quite a large size.
 The Ometepec River is a river of Mexico.
 Tossal de les Torretes is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1676 metres above sea level.
 The Pescado River (Spanish Río Pescado) is a river of Argentina. It is a tributary of the Bermejo River.
 The Valea Boții River is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 Schwarzsee (literally Black Lake) is a lake at Blatten in the Lötschental valley in the canton of Valais Switzerland.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The White River is a two-forked river that flows through central and southern Indiana and is the main tributary to the Wabash River. Via the west fork considered to be the main stem of the river by the U.S. Board on Geographic Names the White River is 362 miles (583 km) long.
 Bric delle Camere is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the provinces of Genoa and Alessandria. It lies at an altitude of 1018 metres.
 Twin Lakes (Nova Scotia) is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Râul Buciumeni is a tributary of the Șomuzul Mare River in Romania. It is located at the northern limit of the city of Fălticeni.
 Pizzoc is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1565 metres.
 Untreue is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Coriile Mari River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 The Almălău River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 Mount Engelhard is a mountain located in the Sunwapta River valley of Jasper National Park Canada. Engelhard lies three km NNE of the east summit of Stutfield Peak. The mountain was named in 1966 after Georgia Engelhard an American who climbed for 15 years in the Canadian Rockies.The first ascent was made in 1930 by W. Hainsworth J.F. Lehmann M.M. Strumia and N.D. Waffl.
 Independence Creek is a river in Texas.
 The Secu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa in Romania. It flows into Lake Izvorul Muntelui near Secu.
 The Chehalem Mountains are a mountain range located in the Willamette Valley in the U.S. state of Oregon. Forming the southern boundary of the Tualatin Valley the Chehalems are the highest mountains in the Willamette Valley. Composed of a single land mass that was uplifted by tectonic forces the mountain range includes several spurs and ridges such as Parrett Mountain Ribbon Ridge and Bald Peak.
 Lac du Ballon is a reservoir in Haut-Rhin France. It's situated in a side valley of florival on the slope of Grand Ballon mountain. At an elevation of 988 m its surface area is 0.08 km².The small glacial lake was enlarged by a dam on the moraine already in the 16th century. In 1699 Vauban had it refurbished to supply canals for the building of Neuf-Brisach.
 The Jacuí-Mirim River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Monte Tredenus is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 2796 metres above sea level
 Cedar River (also known as the Big Cedar River) is a 67.1-mile-long (108.0 km) river in the U.S. state of Michigan. It rises in the northern part of Menominee County at 45°53′18″N 87°35′15″W and flows mostly south and east to empty into Green Bay of Lake Michigan at 45°24′35″N 87°21′05″W in the community of Cedar River.The Little Cedar River a tributary of the Menominee River also flows mostly southward in Menominee County approximately 10 to 15 miles (16 to 24 km) west of the Cedar River.
 Q'illu Q'illu (Aymara and Quechua q'illu yellow the reduplication indicates that there is a group or a complex of something a complex of yellow q'illu q'illu a plant (Berberis bumaelifolia) hispanicized spelling Jello Jello) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5220 metres (17126 ft) high. It is situated in the Arequipa Region Caylloma Province in the districts Callalli and Chivay. Q'illu Q'illu lies northeast of the higher mountain Warank'anthi.
 Kolak River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Saputara hills. Its basin has a maximum length of 50 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 584 km2.Kolak river flows from Saputara to arebian sea near Udwada (holy place of Parsis in Gujarat). There is a huge textile plant of welspun and alok industries on southern side river bank.
 Mount Wellington is a mountain located at the Queens Reach arm of the Jervis Inlet within the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia Canada. The mountain was named during the 1860 survey by the HMS Plumper who charted all the of the area and named the mountain after Duke of Wellington who defeated Napoleon at the famous battle of Waterloo.
 Beer is a crater lying situated within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars named in honor of the German astronomer Wilhelm Beer. It is located at 14.4°S 351.8°E .Beer and collaborator Johann Heinrich Mädler produced the first reasonably good maps of Mars in the early 1830s. When doing so they selected a particular feature for the prime meridian of their charts.
 The Dos Caixões River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Calenberger Bach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Vogelberg is a 3218 metres high mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. It is the highest summit of the Lepontine Alps south of the Rheinwaldhorn. The Vogelberg is a large glaciated massif consisting of several secondary summits: Pizzo Cramorino (3134 metres) on the west side and Rheinquellhorn (3200 metres) on the east. The northern flanks are covered by the Paradies Glacier at the source of the Hinterrhein.
 The Murat River (Turkish: Murat Nehri) or Eastern Euphrates is the major source of the Euphrates. The river was called Arsanias (Armenian: Արածանի) in antiquity. It originates near Mount Ararat north of Lake Van in Eastern Turkey and flows westward for 722 km (449 mi) through mountainous area.
 The Pârâul Stânei is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania
 Grube is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Fishers Landing is located along the Arizona side of the Colorado River in Yuma County.
 Großer Dambecker See is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 52.4 m its surface area is 0.94 km².
 Fox Lake (Lunenburg) is a lake in the Municipal District Of Lunenburg in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Rainmaker Mountain (also known as North Pioa Mountain) is the name of a mountain located near Pago Pago American Samoa on Tutuila Island. The mountain is a volcanic feature known as a trachyte plug. This means that it is a volcanic intrusion made of extrusive igneous rocks having alkali feldspar and minor mafic minerals as the main components and a fine-grained generally porphyritic texture. The average annual rainfall on the mountain is around 200 inches (5 m).
 Teviot Creek Dam is a dam in North Queensland Australia. It is located on Teviot Creek a tributary of the Isaac River upstream of the Burton Gorge Dam. Burton Coal Pty Ltd has a licence to take 1500 ML/year from the dam. The monthly supply reliability based on a relatively short period of record is thought to be 100%. This does not account for the current critical period and the supply should not necessarily be relied on in future.
 The Saugeen River is located in southern Ontario Canada flowing generally north-west about 160 km before exiting into Lake Huron. The river is navigable for some distance and was once an important barge route. Today the river is best known for its fishing and as a canoe route.The river's name comes from an Ojibwa language word Zaagiing meaning outlet.
 Torreneules is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2713 metres above sea level.
 Ragged Staff Cave is a cave bordering the harbour in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. The cave was converted into Ragged Staff Magazine in 1901.
 Hörsterholzer Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Unnütze (also called the Unnutze) is a small mountain ridge northeast of the Achensee lake between Achenkirch and Steinberg am Rofan in the Brandenberg Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol.The ridge has three summits and runs in a north to south direction. The summits are the Hinterunnütz (2007 m) the Hochunnütz (2075 m) and the Vorderunnütz (2078 m). In general however the Vorderunnütz is called the Unnütz.
 Beklemeto Pass also known as Troyan Pass (Bulgarian: Троянски проход) is a mountain pass in the Balkan Mountains (Stara Planina) in Bulgaria. It connects Troyan and Karnare on the Karlovo Plain.The pass is in north-central Bulgaria 20 km from the town of Troyan. The pass features a ski resort.The pass is on one of the main roads connecting northern and southern Bulgaria. This was the Roman Via Trayana (Trajan road) and some of the Roman remains can still be seen.
 Kirkwood is a well-formed lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon on the northern hemisphere. It lies just to the northeast of the crater Sommerfeld and Hippocrates is located to the east-northeast.The perimeter of this crater is generally circular with a few slight outward notches particularly to the southeast.
 Schladitzer See is a lake in Landkreis Nordsachsen Saxony Germany. At an elevation of 104 m its surface area is 2.18 km².
 The Piatra Arsă River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Dent de Perroc is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Arolla in the canton of Valais. With an elevation of 3676 metres above sea level the Dent de Perroc is one of the highest summit of the range separating the valley of Arolla on the west side from the valley of the Mont Miné Glacier on the east side.
 The Grand Combin is a mountain in the western Pennine Alps in Switzerland. With its 4314 metres (14154 ft) high summit it is one of the highest peaks in the Alps and the second most prominent of its range. The Grand Combin is also a large glaciated massif consisting of several summits among which three are above 4000 metres.The normal route starts from the Panossière Hut which lies on the north side in the Corbassière valley.
 The Paulaya River is a river in Honduras.
 Nüpli is a lake of Estonia.
 Mount Tomuraushi (トムラウシ山 Tomuraushi-san) is located in the Daisetsuzan National Park Hokkaidō Japan. It is one of the 100 famous mountains in Japan.
 Lago di Telese is a lake in the Province of Benevento Campania Italy. Its surface area is 0.049 km².
 The Hintere Eggenspitze (Italian: Cima Sternai; German: Hintere Eggenspitze) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps on the border between South Tyrol and Trentino Italy.
 The Arroio Grande (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Tordrillo Mountains are a small mountain range in the Matanuska-Susitna and Kenai Peninsula Boroughs in the southcentral region of the U.S. state of Alaska. They lie approximately 75 miles (120 km) west-northwest of Anchorage. The range extends approximately 60 miles (97 km) north-south and 35 miles (56 km) east-west.The highest point is Mount Torbert (11413 feet/3479 m).
 Company Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington on the north slopes of Bonanza Peak the tallest non-volcanic peak in the Cascade Range. Company Glacier descends from 9200 to 6500 ft (2800 to 2000 m) with several main chutes converging into the main glacier below the 7800-foot (2400 m) level. Company Glacier was used as the approach route when Bonanza Peak was first climbed in 1937.
 Hi wsp people Kashwakamak Lake is a freshwater lake in North Frontenac Frontenac County Ontario Canada. It is located east of Cloyne and southeast of Bon Echo Provincial Park.The lake is 15 kilometres (9 mi) long 0.75 kilometres (0.5 mi) wide has a surface area of 1159.8 hectares (2866 acres) with a rocky shoreline and a maximum depth of 22 metres (72 ft) and lies at an elevation of 260 metres (853 ft).
 The Serra del Montsec (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsɛrə ðəɫ munˈsɛk] locally: [ˈsɛra ðeɫ monˈsek]) is a mountain system of the Pre-Pyrenees.
 Brukkaros Mountain is an extinct volcano in Karas Region Namibia. Measuring 1590 metres at its peak Brukkaros is located about 15 kilometres northeast of the primarily Nama town of Berseba. It is over 600 metres taller than the surrounding area. The mountain is a large extinct volcano in the form of a ring mountain (a so-called tuff ring) with a diameter of about 4 km and has been formed by an explosion when rising magma met groundwater and superheated it.
 Cerro Batoví is a hill in Uruguay with an altitude of 224 metres (734.9 ft). It is situated 25 km (15.5 mi) away from the city of Tacuarembó.
 Scherkonde is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Sabaya River is a river of Bolivia.
 Vetldalseggi is a mountain in Reinheimen National Park and Oppland in southern Norway.
 Enonjärvi is a rather small lake of Finland in northern Central Finland in Karstula and Kannonkoski municipalities. It belongs to Kymijoki main catchment area. The outflow of water is via Pajusalmi to lake Kannonselkä.
 Maebongsan is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1267.6 m (4159 ft).
 Expedition Range is a mountain range within the Central Highlands sandstone region of Queensland Australia. Robinson Creek cuts a 100 metres deep gorge through sandstone clifflines. Many spectacular side gorges add to the appeal of the area which is included in the Expedition National Park.The Comet River rises on the western slopes of the range and flows in a northerly direction towards Rolleston.
 The Chandler River is a 24.5-mile-long (39.4 km) river in Washington County Maine. It flows from its source (44°42′49″N 67°34′48″W) on Cottontail Hill in Centerville to Jonesboro where it empties into Englishman Bay.
 French Creek once known as Saukanac Creek is a 22.6-mile-long (36.4 km) tributary of the Schuylkill River in Berks and Chester counties Pennsylvania in the United States.French Creek travels through the Hopewell Big Woods including French Creek State Park and joins the Schuylkill in Phoenixville. French Creek is a designated Pennsylvania Scenic River. The French Creek valley was an important early industrial region particularly iron in the United States.
 The Agrișteu River (Hungarian: Egres-patak or Szénaverős-patak) is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 An off-stream reservoir is a reservoir that is not located on a streambed and is supplied by a pipeline aqueduct or an adjacent stream. San Luis Reservoir is the largest off-stream reservoir in the United States. Although it is located on a small stream it gets the vast majority of its water from the California Aqueduct by pumping aqueduct water up-hill to the reservoir.
 The Urlătoarea Mică River is a headwater of the Poarta River in Romania.
 The Okaramio River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows into the Kaituna River approximately half way between Renwick and Havelock.
 Brock Crags is a fell in the English Lake District standing above Hartsop in the Far Eastern Fells. It forms part of the perimeter of Martindale lying on the long ridge from Rampsgill Head to Place Fell.
 The Grand Golliat (also spelled Grand Golliaz) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located between the Petit Col Ferret and the Great St. Bernard Pass. At 3238 metres above sea level its summit straddles the border between Switzerland and Italy separating the Swiss canton of Valais from the Italian region of Aosta Valley.
 The Tenmile Range is a mountain range in U.S. state of Colorado. The range is an extension of the Mosquito Range which is part of the Rocky Mountains. The two ranges are effectively the same range. They are split only by the Continental Divide and name. The Tenmile Range is on the west side of the divide and the Mosquito on the east. The range is often referred to as the Tenmile-Mosquito Range. There are more than a dozen peaks in the range. Peak 1 is the northernmost peak.
 Plura is a river in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The river begins at the lake Kallvatnet flows through the Plurdalen valley and ends up as a tributary to the river Ranelva about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the town of Mo i Rana. The river is rich with salmon trout and arctic char.
 Lac St. Cyr is a lake in Alberta.
 Serayu River is a river in southern Java Indonesia.
 Black Crater is a steep-sided shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon located north of the Three Sisters and east of McKenzie Pass. Ice Age glaciers carved a large cirque into the northern flank of the mountain and snow often lingers in its shady depths until late summer. A United States Forest Service fire lookout tower was built on the summit in 1925 but was eventually destroyed and only remnants of the foundation remain today.
 The Savoy Prealps (Préalpes de Savoie in French) are a mountain range in the north-western part of the Alps. They are located in Rhône-Alpes (south-eastern France) and marginally in Valais (western Switzerland). Savoy Prealps encompass northernmost area of the French Prealps.
 The Große Pyhrgas is a mountain in the Ennstal Alps on the border between Upper Austria and Styria.At a height of 2244 m AA it is the highest summit and western buttress of the Haller Mauern range.Alpine huts on the Großer Pyhrgas are on the Upper Austrian side the Hofalm Hut (1305 m) the Rohrauerhaus (1308 m) and the Bosruck Hut (1036 m).
 Luchsee is a lake in Brandenburg Germany. It lies at an elevation of 52.7 m and has a surface area is 7.2 ha. It is located in the municipality of Krausnick-Groß Wasserburg close to the Krausnick hills.
 Larch Mountain is a 2664-foot (812 m) summit in the Black Hills range of Thurston County Washington state.
 North Fork is the largest tributary of San Pedro Creek in Pacifica San Mateo County California in the San Francisco Bay Area. North fork enters San Pedro Creek from the northeast less than 0.5 mile downstream from the junction of South Fork and Middle Fork.
 The Colții lui Andrei Mici River is a headwater of the Colții lui Andrei River in Romania.
 Heng Shan or Heng Mountain (simplified Chinese: 恒山; traditional Chinese: 恆山; pinyin: Héng Shān) in Shanxi Province is one of the Five Great Mountains. Heng Shan in Shanxi Province is sometimes known as the Northern Heng Shan and the one in Hunan Province as Southern Heng Shan (Chinese: 衡山; pinyin: Héng Shān). Both mountains have the same pronunciation in Chinese and the Southern Heng Shan is also one of the Five Sacred Mountains.
 The Ogilvie Mountains are a mountain range in the Yukon Territory that lie north of Dawson City and are crossed by the Dempster Highway. The best known mountains are part of the Tombstone Territorial Park .The highest mountain within the range is Mount Frank Rae at 2362 m (7749 ft). The most familiar mountains with their jagged granite peaks are Tombstone Mountain and Mount Monolith.The area was first surveyed by William Ogilvie and the range subsequently named after him.
 Lago della Crosa or rather Laghi della Crosa are a pair of lakes in the canton of Ticino Switzerland. The upper Lago della Crosa located at an elevation of 2153 m has a surface area of 0.17 km². The lower lake at an elevation of 2116 m has an area of 7 ha.
 Dubawnt Lake is a lake in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. It is 3833 km2 (1480 sq mi) in size and has several islands. It is about 200 miles north of the point where Manitoba Saskatchewan and Nunavut come together about 300 miles west of Hudson Bay and about 250 miles south of the arctic circle. To the northwest is the Thelon Wildlife Sanctuary. Its main inlet and outlet is the north-flowing Dubawnt River which joins the Thelon River at Beverly Lake (Nunavut).
 The Parapara River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally north from its watershed in the Kahurangi National Park reaching Golden Bay at the small settlement of Parapara 5 kilometres south of Collingwood.
 Ponten is a mountain in Bavaria Germany.
 The Cimirnariu River is a tributary of the Falcău River. Its source is located in Ukraine. The river then crosses the border into Romania joining the Falcău River near the village of Falcău.
 Kenosha Pass elevation 10000 ft (3000 m) is a high mountain pass located in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States.The pass is located in the Rocky Mountains southwest of Denver Colorado just northeast of the town of Fairplay Colorado. Geologically the pass is located atop a large granite batholith (known as the Kenosha Batholith) that forms the spine of the Front Range along the eastern side of South Park.
 The Nigoglia is a short Italian river whose source is at the northern end of Lago d’Orta of which it is the sole outflow. Its course of less than 2 kilometres passes in a northerly direction through the town of Omegna and into the Strona.As a rule the outflows of Italy’s major subalpine lakes run in a southerly direction down to the plains of the Po valley. The Nigoglia is the exception seeming to run ‘upwards’ towards the high Alps.
 The Lunca Meteşului River is a tributary of the Ampoiţa River in Romania.
 Mount Hokkai (北海岳 Hokkai-dake) is a mountain located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. The mountain sits on the southern rim of the Ohachi Daira caldera.
 Tussey Mountain is a stratigraphic ridge in central Pennsylvania United States trending east of the Bald Eagle Brush Dunning and Evitts Mountain ridges. Its southern foot just crosses the Mason-Dixon Line near Flintstone Maryland running north 130 km (80 mi) to the Seven Mountains of central Pennsylvania near Tusseyville making it one of the longest named ridges in this section of the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians.
 Mittelriede is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Tepehuanes River is a river of Mexico.
 Angitola Lake or Lago dell'Angitola is a lake at Maierato Province of Vibo Valentia Calabria Italy. Its surface area is 1.96 km².
 The Big Blue Hills are a mountain range in Fresno County California.
 Fiddlers Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Heibeeksköpfe in the Harz Mountains of central Germany are a double summit with a maximum height of 465.2 m above sea level near Bad Lauterberg in the unincorporated area of Harz in the county of Osterode am Harz in Lower Saxony.
 Långsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Imuruk Basin is a large interior body of water on western Alaska's Seward Peninsula. The drainage for this brackish saltwater lagoon covers about one quarter of the peninsula. The Kuzitrin Pilgrim Cobblestone and Agiapuk rivers empty into the Imuruk Basin. The basin was a strategic waterway for early Iñupiat by providing accessibility to the Bering Sea from the Seward Peninsula's interior.
 This article describes the geographical feature Blackcomb Peak for the ski resort see Whistler Blackcomb.Blackcomb Peak is a mountain located east of Whistler British Columbia and forms the boundary between the Whistler Blackcomb ski resort and Garibaldi Provincial Park.
 The Gâm River (Vietnamese: Sông Gâm) is a river of Cao Bằng Province Hà Giang Province and Tuyên Quang Province Vietnam.
 Ben Bhuidhe (Gaelic: A' Bheinn Bhuidhe) is a Scottish mountain at the head of Loch Fyne.
 Rokan River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.Tributaries include the Rokan-kiri River Rokan-kanan River Kumu River.
 The Nueve Pasos River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Lough Corrib (/lɒx ˈkɒrɨb/ lokh KORR-ib; Irish: Loch Coirib) is a lake in the west of Ireland. The River Corrib or Galway river connects the lake to the sea at Galway. It is the second largest lough in the island of Ireland (after Lough Neagh). It covers 176 km² and lies mostly in County Galway with a small area of its northeast corner in County Mayo.The first canal on the island of Ireland was cut in the 12th century.
 The Peștiș River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 The Oticu River is a tributary of the Buda River in Romania.
 The Luele River (called the Pio-Pio or Lié River in its lower course) runs from south to north through Idiofa Territory Kwilu District Democratic Republic of the Congo.The river starts as a clear stream in a small valley near Idiofa. It grows in size rapidly due to many small tributaries among which is the Punkulu River and then meanders through a large valley before entering the Kasai River downstream from Mangai.
 The Ișlu River is a tributary of the Cenușa River in Romania.
 The Durduc River is a tributary of the Săuzeni River in Romania.
 Esk Pike is a fell in the English Lake District one of the great cirque of hills forming the head of Eskdale.
 The Chakachatna River (Dena'ina Athabaskan Ch'akajatnu) is a stream 36 miles (58 km) long in northwestern Kenai Peninsula Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It flows from Chakachamna Lake southeastward into the McArthur River which flows into the Gompertz Channel of Cook Inlet.
 The Medicine River is a medium-sized river in central Alberta. It begins at the outlet of Medicine Lake north of Rocky Mountain House. The Medicine River initially travels through the Rocky Mountain House Grazing Reserve a protected area with over 15000 acres (61 km2) of land set aside for cattle grazing and recreation. The river flows southwest taking on a number of creeks before passing Eckville.
 Kournas is the name of a village and nearby lake on the island of Crete Greece. It is in the Apokoronas region of Chania regional unit close to the border with Rethymno regional unit 47 km from the town of Chania. Kournas is a fairly large village perched on a hill overlooking the lake. It is in the Georgioupoli municipality not far from the town of the same name.
 Construction of Bjelke-Petersen Dam near Cherbourg in Queensland commenced in 1984 and finished in 1988. It created the lake that was named Lake Barambah after the original property in the region. The dam supplies water to the South Burnett region mostly for irrigation purposes.The dam wall is 540 m (1770 ft) long and rises 34 m (112 ft). The wall is an earth and rock fill structure with a central clay core which can hold back 134900 ML of water. The dam is generally shallow.
 The Hagåtña River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Watkins Range is Greenland's highest mountain range with massive ice-covered peaks and exposed cliffs. The Watkins Range has excellent snow as well as ice routes for experienced climbers. Good climbing conditions are present for the most part in July and August. The primary peak of the range is Gunnbjørn Fjeld (12139 ft./3694 m.) also the highest peak in the Arctic.
 The Mike River is a river in Fiordland New Zealand. It rises near Staircase Saddle and drains a number of small lakes among them Lake Mike and False Lake into Dusky Sound at Fanny Bay.
 The Syr Darya (Persian: سيردريا‎; Tajik: Сирдарё; Turkish: Siriderya; Kazakh: Сырдария ; Arabic: سيحون‎; Uzbek: Sirdaryo) also transliterated Syrdarya or Sirdaryo is a river in Central Asia. The second part of the name (Darya) means river though Syr Darya River is the conventional name. The current name dates only from the 18th century; since roughly the Muslim Conquests of Central Asia the river was known as the Seyhun (سيحون) River i.e. one of the four rivers of Jannah or paradise.
 Bongdaesan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 409 metres.
 Aylesford Lake is a natural fresh-water dystrophic lake located in Kings County Nova Scotia Canada and is part of the Gaspereau Watershed. The lake encompasses approximately 190 hectares and is surrounded by the South Mountain Rolling Plain area.
 The Apere River is a river of Bolivia. It is a tributary of the Mamoré River in the Department of Beni.
 Lake Rotoroa lies within the borders of Nelson Lakes National Park in the South Island New Zealand. The lake is fed by the D'Urville and Sabine rivers. The greatest depth is 145 metres and the lake is completely surrounded by beech forest. Rotoroa is a small community at the base of the lake.
 The Idicel River ( Hungarian: Idecs-patak or Idecs Creek ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Mount George V is a mountain located in Strathcona Provincial Park on Vancouver Island in British Columbia. This peak is located 3.2 km (2 mi) south of Mount Albert Edward. Mount Frink and Castlecrag Mountain are within 2 km (1 mi) to the northeast. Its first ascent may have been by surveyors in the 1930s.
 The Lodi Hills are a mountain range in Nye County Nevada.
 Mount Goshiki (五色岳 Goshiki-dake) is a mountain located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Winston Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada. It is about 900 metres (2953 ft) long and 470 metres (1542 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 378 metres (1240 ft) about 60 kilometres (37.3 mi) north of the community of Sioux Lookout. The primary inflow is an unnamed creek from Shea Lake and the primary outflow is Winston Creek which flows into Lac Seul.
 Husband Hill is one of the Columbia Hills in Gusev crater Mars which are close to the landing site of NASA's Spirit rover. It was named in honor of Rick Husband the commander of the Space Shuttle Columbia when it disintegrated upon atmospheric reentry (see Space Shuttle Columbia disaster).In 2005 the Spirit rover as part of its exploration of its landing site slowly climbed to the top of Husband Hill.
 Lake Mattoon is a 1050-acre (4.2 km²) reservoir located in Coles County Illinois Cumberland County Illinois and Shelby County Illinois. Almost three-quarters of the lake 765 acres (3.1 km²) is located in Shelby County. The reservoir was built to supply tap water to Mattoon Illinois and Neoga but also provides fishing and boating recreation. The lake is 4 miles (6.4 km) long and 0.5 miles (0.8 km) wide.The lake is owned by the city of Mattoon.
 Sherpi Kangri is a mountain peak in the Karakoram Range. It lies five km south of Ghent Kangri (7380 m) and ten km northwest of Saltoro Kangri (7742 m).Sherpi Kangri lies in the Sherpi Kangri glacier region. The Sherpi Kangri glacier is controlled by the Pakistan army.
 Linea /ˈlɪniːə/ is Latin for 'line'. In planetary geology it is used to refer to any long marking dark or bright on a planet or moon's surface. The planet Venus and Jupiter's moon Europa have numerous lineae; Saturn's moon Rhea has several.
 The Canapiștea River is a tributary of the Pârâul Întors in Romania.
 The Nadeş River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Mount Cannon (8952 feet (2729 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Formerly called Goat Mountain it was renamed for the leading physiologist Dr. Walter Bradford Cannon and his wife Cornelia who made the first recorded ascent of the mountain in 1901.
 Mt. Roberts is a mountain located in Carroll County New Hampshire. The peak is located within the Lakes Region Conservation Trust's Castle in the Clouds property.
 Lago Ravasanella is a lake in Piedmont north-west Italy which straddles the provinces of Vercelli and Biella. At an elevation of 325 m its surface area is 0.31 km².
 The River Monnow (Welsh: Afon Mynwy) flows through south-west Herefordshire England and eastern Monmouthshire Wales.
 The Tinechong River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Besòs (Catalan pronunciation: [bəˈzɔs]) is a river flowing through Catalonia Spain formed by the confluence of the Mogent and Congost rivers. It ends in the Mediterranean. Its full watershed includes the following cities: Aiguafreda La Garriga Sant Fost de Campsantelles Canovelles Granollers Montmeló Mollet del Vallès Montcada i Reixac Santa Coloma de Gramenet Barcelona and Sant Adrià de Besòs.
 The Ibi River (揖斐川 Ibi-gawa) is a tributary of the Kiso River located in Gifu and Mie Prefectures in Japan. Along with the Nagara and Kiso rivers the Ibi is the third of the Kiso Three Rivers of the Nōbi Plain. It is one of Japan's first-class rivers.[citation needed] The former Tōkaidō post station of Kuwana-juku was located on the western banks of this river during the Edo period.
 The Río Los Esclavos is a river in Southern Guatemala. Its sources are located in the mountains in the southeast of the department of Santa Rosa. From there it flows past the town Cuilapa through the coastal plains of Santa Rosa into the Laguna de Sipacate and then into the Pacific Ocean.The Los Esclavos river basin covers a territory of 2271 km2
 Mühlenkopf is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Hasel (Werra) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Dart River arises in the Kahurangi National Park between the Lookout and Hope Ranges in the Tasman Region of New Zealand. It flows northward to join the Wangapeka River which is a tributary of the Motueka River.
 The Trionto is a river in the Calabria region of southern Italy. It was known in ancient times as the Traeis. It rises in the Sila Mountains and initially flows to the east but gradually changes direction to the north. It drains into the Gulf of Taranto at Pantano Martucci after a course of about 40 kilometers. Its main tributaries are the La Manna Macrocioli Ortiano and Laurenzana. Along its course it passes Longobucco Cropalati and Crosia. The river is mainly seasonal.
 Big Den Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 20 km (12 mi) northeast of Gold River and 7 km (4 mi) south of Crown Mountain.
 Cameron Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Located off northeastern Cameron Island the bay is an arm of the Arctic Ocean. Evans Bay is nearby.
 The Smidele River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 Lake Garancsi is a lake of Hungary.
 The Gilasys is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania.
 Milluni (Aymara millu light brown reddish fair-haired dark chestnut -ni suffix to indicate ownership the one that has got a brown colour) is a lake on the western side of the Cordillera Real of Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Pedro Domingo Murillo Province El Alto Municipality north of El Alto.The lake is situated at a height of 4565 metres (14977 ft) south of Mount Wayna Potosí on the foot of Chacaltaya. It is about 1.83 km long and 1 km at its widest point.
 Laguna de los Padres is a small lake located about eight miles west of Mar del Plata Argentina and roughly one mile east of Sierra de los Padres' hills. The name of the lake as well as of the hills nearby has its origins in the Jesuit Fathers (Padres) attempting to evangelize the region in the 17th century. The lake has a length of 2055 mt (6884 feet) and a width of 1701 mt (5670 feet).
 The Sohodolul Tomeștilor River is a tributary of the Sighiștel River in Romania.
 Kuortaneenjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Lapuanjoki main catchment area. It is located in the Southern Ostrobothnia region in Kuortane Finland.
 The Goshute Mountains is a mountain range in southern Elko County in the northeastern section of the state of Nevada in the Great Basin region of the western United States.
 Wayang-Windu is a twin volcano that consists of Mount Wayang (Indonesian: Gunung Wayang Mount Shadow) and Mount Windu. They are located just to the east of the town of Pangalengan in the Bandung Regency (Kabupaten or District) in West Java Indonesia about 40 km south of the city of Bandung. The area has been an active geothermal project. Mount Wayang has a 750 m wide crescentic crater which holds four groups of fumaroles. Mount Windu has a 350 m wide crater.
 The Montes de María is an isolated group of small mountains near the northern coast of Colombia in the Caribbean Region). The Montes de María are the last part of the Serranía de San Jerónimo which extends from the West Andes. A part of the mountains are protected as the SFF Los Colorados.Montes de María is a zone located in the center of the Colombian Departments of Bolívar and Sucre.
 Cerro del Topo Chico (literal English: Small Mole Hill) is an inactive volcano located in the western portion of the city of San Nicolás de los Garza and within the northern limits of the Monterrey metropolitan area (both cities are in the Mexican state of Nuevo León).The gray areas depicted on the photos are limestone quarries from which raw material is extracted to manufacture cement.Some other known mountains or elevations of the zone are: the Cerro de la Silla Cerro de las Mitras the Sierra Madre Oriental and Cerro de Chipinque -with its famous M-shaped figure- Cerro del Obispado Cerro de la Loma Larga and La Huasteca.
 Mount Phillips (9494 feet (2894 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Lupfer Glacier is located on the east slope of Mount Phillips.
 The River Holford is located in the east Quantock Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in Somerset England.It is approximately 4.5 miles (7 km) long.
 The Flathead Range is a mountain range of the Border Ranges (itself part of the Clark Range) located south-east of Fernie on the British Columbia-Alberta border in Canada. It is east of the Swan Range and southeast of the Whitefish Range. Its west side is drained by the South Fork Flathead River which forms Hungry Horse Reservoir.The highest peak is Mount Blakiston at 2910 m (9547 ft).
 Großer Mützelburger See (Jezioro Myśliborskie Wielkie) - is a lake in Ueckermünder Heide (Puszcza Wkrzańska) Vorpommern-Greifswald Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany and Police County West Pomeranian Voivodeship Poland. At an elevation of 4.5 m its surface area is 1.14 km².
 The Șuța River is a tributary of the Sabar River in Romania.
 Bighorn Mountain or He Sha is located in Banner County about 10.8 miles (17.4 km) east of the county seat of Harrisburg in the Pine Ridge escarpment.The peak was named for the bighorn sheep that once roamed its flanks and were reintroduced in the 1970s.Many residents of the county have carved their names at the top of the peak; the practice dates back at least to 1887.
 Trüggelbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Gobind Sagar is a man-made reservoir situated in Bilaspur District Himachal Pradesh.The reservoir on the river Sutlej was formed after the hydel dam at Bhakra was constructed and has been named in honour of Guru Gobind Singh the tenth Sikh guru. One of the world's highest gravity dams the Bhakra dam rises nearly 225.5 m above its lowest foundations. Under the supervision of the American dam-builder Harvey Slocum work began in the year of 1955 and was completed in 1962.
 The Șoimu River is a tributary of the Crişul Mic River in Romania.
 Felsite Peak is an eroded volcanic outcrop in the Wrangell Volcanic Field Yukon Territory Canada located 54 km south of Silver City 8 km southwest of Snowshoe Peak and 30 km east of Pinnacle Peak.Felsite Peak was named after Felsite Creek and has a triple summit on the east side of the Disappointment Glacier and at the head of Felsite Creek.It formed as a result of melting of the crust[citation needed] due to subduction of the Pacific Plate beneath the North American Plate[citation needed] and last erupted during the Pliocene. 
 Cazenovia Lake /ˌkæzɨˈnoʊviə/ is a lake in New York United States. It is located 20 miles from Syracuse New York. Cazenovia New York is located southeast of the lake. The lake is roughly 4 miles (6.5 km) long and 0.5 mile (1 km) wide. It is 65 feet (20 m) at its deepest point. Cazenovia Lake is drained from its south-east corner which flows into Chittenango Creek about 1/2 miles (800 m) to the east.
 Icicle Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Washington. It originates at Josephine Lake near the crest of the Cascade Range and flows generally east to join the Wenatchee River near Leavenworth. Icicle Creek's drainage basin is mountainous and mostly undeveloped land within the Wenatchee National Forest and the Alpine Lakes Wilderness.
 Pilsdon Pen is a 277 metre (909 ft) hill in Dorset in South West England situated at the north end of the Marshwood Vale in the West Dorset administrative district approximately 4.5 miles (7.2 km) west of Beaminster. It is Dorset's second highest point and has panoramic views extending for many miles. It was bequeathed to the National Trust by the Pinney family in 1982.
 Bültsee is a lake in Rendsburg-Eckernförde Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 9.35 m its surface area is 20.10 ha.
 Calabogie Lake is a reservoir lake in the municipality of Greater Madawaska Renfrew County in Eastern Ontario Canada.
 Lankau (Alster) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Hemberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Calaggio is an Italian river whose source is north of Vallata in the province of Avellino in Campania. The river flows northeast from the Appennino Napoletano Mountains into the province of Foggia in Apulia. The river joins the Carapelle River east of Sant'Agata di Puglia and west of Candela.
 Keezer See is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 22.6 m its surface area is 1.17 km².
 The Hongu River is a major river and valley in the Sankhuwasawa District. It is a tributary of the Hinku River which subsequently flows into the Dudh Kosi.The Hongu Valley is at the back of the Everest region. It has views of the peaks of Everest Lhotse Nuptse and Ama Dablam. The Hongu basin is a river valley which feeds a group of lakes.
 Hoher Fricken is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Pârâul de Câmp is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania. No beavers live on the river due to an outbreak of beaver syphilis in 2005
 Kinton Knob is a peak in Bedford County Pennsylvania. Kinton Knob marks the north end of Wills Mountain where it abruptly ends just southwest of the town of Bedford. The mountain has an array of communication towers on its summit. Limited views are available from the top especially in the winter season of Blue Knob to the north and the Allegheny Front to the west.
 Lake Kolvitskoye (Russian: Колвицкое озеро) is a large freshwater lake on the Kola Peninsula Murmansk Oblast Russia. It has an area of 121 km² and a maximum depth of 20 m. Kolvitsa River flows from the lake.
 Teufelsbach (Rhynerscher Bach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Niederwaldsee is a lake in Bensheim. Bensheim is a town in the Bergstraße district in southern Hesse Germany.
 Driskill Mountain (also referred to as Mount Driskill) is the highest natural summit in Louisiana with an elevation of 535 feet (163 m) above sea level. It lies about 5.3 miles (8.5 km) southeast of Bryceland Louisiana. It is located in the northeastern corner of Sec. 32 T. 17 N. R. 5 W. within Bienville Parish.Driskill Mountain is a landform created by the erosion of unlithified Paleogene sediment. Its summit consists of nonmarine quartz sands of the Cockfield Formation.
 The Waitangiroto River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows northwest from its origins north of Whataroa to reach the Tasman Sea two kilometres north of the Okarito Lagoon. The lower reaches of the longer Waitangitaona River follow a roughly parallel course one kilometre to the north. Both rivers are linked to the Whataroa River which reaches the Tasman three kilometres to the north of the Waitangiroto's mouth.
 Sakurajima (桜島) is an active composite volcano (stratovolcano) and a former island in Kagoshima Prefecture in Kyushu Japan. The lava flows of the 1914 eruption caused the former island to be connected with the Osumi Peninsula.The volcanic activity still continues dropping large amounts of volcanic ash on the surroundings. Earlier eruptions built the white sands highlands in the region.
 Minaret Lake is a lake in the Ritter Range a subrange of the Sierra Nevada in California. It is located in extreme northeastern Madera County within the Ansel Adams Wilderness of the Inyo National Forest.Minaret Lake is notable for being on the Sierra High Route.It is near the fatal 2007 airplane crash site of Steve Fossett.
 Dunthorne is a small lunar impact crater that is located to the northwest of the small lunar mare called Palus Epidemiarum in the southwest part of the Moon's near side. It lies to the southwest of the crater Campanus and east of Vitello. Due south is Ramsden.This crater is roughly circular and bowl-shaped with an interior that has a higher albedo than the surrounding terrain.
 Fauth is a small double-crater located at the edge of the rough southern ramparts of the prominent ray crater Copernicus on the Moon. It lies in the Mare Insularum to the northeast of the crater Reinhold.This formation is composed of the merged craters Fauth and the slightly smaller Fauth A. The latter craterlet cuts into the southern rim of Fauth and has a radius of 9.6 kilometers. Fauth is most likely a secondary crater that was created by the formation of Copernicus.
 Ostscheider Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Feneș River is a tributary of the Someșul Mic River in Romania.
 The Cotnărel River is a tributary of the Pluton-Dolhești River in Romania.
 The Ribița River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 The Bagmati River (Nepal Bhasa:बागमती खुसी Nepali: बागमती नदी) is a river of Nepal. It flows through the Kathmandu valley and separates Kathmandu from Lalitpur. It is considered a holy river by Hindus and Buddhists. A number of Hindu temples are located on its banks. The importance of Bagmati also lies in the fact that Hindus are cremated on the banks of this holy river and Kirants are buried in the hills by its side.
 Wila Lluxita (Aymara wila red blood lluxi landslide -ta nominal Aymara suffix to indicate the direction (from) from the red landslide hispanicized spellings Wila Luxita Wila Llojeta Huilallojeta) is a mountain in the Andes about 5244 m (17205 ft) high located in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia in the La Paz Department Larecaja Province Guanay Municipality.
 The Combin de la Tsessette is the third highest summit in the Grand Combin massif. It lies east of the Grand Combin summit and overlooks the Lac de Mauvoisin.
 The Moções River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Anajás River.
 Black Dome Mountain is the most northerly summit of the Camelsfoot Range which lies along the west side of the Fraser River north of Lillooet British Columbia Canada. It is an ancient butte-like volcano located in the formation known as the Chilcotin Group which lie between the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains and the mid-Fraser River in British Columbia Canada.
 The Chilii River is a tributary of the Iapa River in Romania.
 For the peak in California's Sierra Nevada see Mount Russell (California).Mount Russell is one of the major peaks of the central Alaska Range approximately 35 mi (56 km) southwest of Mount McKinley (Denali). Though much lower than McKinley or its neighbor Mount Foraker Russell is a steep dramatic peak and a significant mountaineering challenge in its own right.
 Winging Point Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Spilje Hydro Power Plant is a large power plant in Macedonia that has three turbines with a nominal capacity of 23 MW each having a total capacity of 69 MW.
 Temple Mountain is a 2045-foot (623 m) ridge located in south-central New Hampshire within the Wapack Range of mountains. It lies within Sharon and Temple New Hampshire; the 22-mile (35 km) Wapack Trail traverses the mountain and the northern face includes the 350-acre (1.4 km2) Temple Mountain Reservation owned by the state.
 Ice River Glacier is located 2.4 miles (3.9 km) northeast of Mount Olympus in the Olympic Mountains of Olympic National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. Starting at an elevation of 6400 feet (2000 m) on the northern slope of a of subpeak of Mount Olympus known as Mercury (6950 ft (2118 m)) the glacier flows northwest as it descends. The glacier reaches as low as 5200 ft (1600 m) before terminating.
 Ninth Lake is a lake of Digby District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Bold Peak is a 7522 feet (2293 m) mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska located in Chugach State Park in Anchorage Municipality.
 Kemmler is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The reservoir north of Abbey Village on the River Roddlesworth - name unknown - is the latest addition to the reservoirs around this small Lancashire village designed to increase water storage capacity in wet years.
 The Bârloaia River is a tributary of the Bârlui River in Romania.
 Independence Pass originally known as Hunter Pass is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States. It is at elevation 12095 ft (3687 m) on the Continental Divide in the Sawatch Range. The pass is midway between Aspen and Twin Lakes on the border between Pitkin and Lake counties.State Highway 82 traverses it in the process reaching the highest elevation of a paved Colorado state highway on a through road.
 Ermine Glacier is located on north slopes of Glacier Peak in the U.S. state of Washington. As is true with all the glaciers found on Glacier Peak Ermine Glacier is retreating. During the Little Ice Age Ermine Glacier extended down to an altitude of 4400 ft (1300 m) and was connected to Vista Glacier to its west.
 The Godeanu River is a headwater of the Valea lui Iovan River in Romania.
 The Greitspitz (also spelled Greitspitze) (2867 m) is a mountain of the Samnaun Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Austria. It lies approximately halfway between Samnaun and Ischgl.In winter it is part of the ski area Silvretta Arena.
 Rock Creek is a tributary of the Palouse River in the U.S. state of Washington. The source of the creek is Pine Lakes in the Turnbull National Wildlife Refuge (TNWR). The creek flows through the TNWR and ultimately joins the Palouse River 6 miles (10 km) downstream from the unincorporated town of Winona Washington.Rock Creek drains a basin of 430 square miles (1100 km2) 13 percent of the Palouse River basin. Rock Creek drains Rock Lake and upstream from that Bonnie Lake.
 Flint Creek is a creek in the Finger Lakes Region of New York State located between Canandaigua and Seneca Lake. Flint Creek is part of the Canandaigua Lake watershed which is part of the Oswego River drainage basin which drains in Lake Ontario. Flint Creek flows through the hamlets of Potter Gorham and Seneca Castle and ends in the village of Phelps New York. A part of Flint Creek known as Phelps Run is used for whitewater rafting and kayaking and has class II III and IV rapids.
 Mont Mouchet is a 1497-metre high mountain located on the border of the French départements of Cantal Haute-Loire and Lozère. It is famous for the historical events which took place there notably during the Second World War where it hosted a group of French resistance fighters the Maquis du Mont Mouchet. At the summit there is a large cairn and view-point (about 3 metres high) from which there is a splendid panoramic view over much of Central France from the Massif Central to the Alps.
 Strawberry Creek is the principal watercourse running through the city of Berkeley California. Two forks rise in the Berkeley Hills of the California Coast Ranges and form a confluence at the campus of the University of California Berkeley.
 The Yodo River (淀川 Yodo-gawa) also called the Seta River (瀬田川 Seta-gawa) and the Uji River (宇治川 Uji-gawa) at portions of its route is the principal river in Osaka Prefecture on Honshū Japan. The source of the river is Lake Biwa in Shiga Prefecture to the north.The Yodo River usually called the Seta River in Shiga Prefecture begins at the southern outlet of the lake in Ōtsu. There is a dam there to regulate the lake level.
 Riessersee is a German lake located in southwest Garmisch-Partenkirchen. The lake itself hosted the speed skating events and 10 of the 37 ice hockey games for the 1936 Winter Olympics. Adjacent to the lake the bobsleigh events took place.
 Mount Eolus is a fourteener in the U.S. state of Colorado the highest of the Needle Mountains (a subrange of the San Juan Mountains). It is located in the Weminuche Wilderness (part of the San Juan National Forest) in La Plata County approximately 13 miles (21 km) south of Silverton. Named after the Greek god of the wind the mountain was originally referred to as Aeolus in the 1874 Hayden Survey.
 The Sierra Leone River is a river estuary on the Atlantic Ocean in Western Sierra Leone. It is formed by the Bankasoka River and Rokel River and is between 4 and 10 miles wide (6–16 km) and 25 miles (40 km) long. It holds the major ports of Queen Elizabeth II Quay and Pepel. The estuary is also important for shipping. It is the largest natural harbour in the African continent.
 Charlier is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. To the south-southeast is the larger crater Kovalevskaya and northeast of Charlier is Perrine.This is an eroded crater formation with a damaged outer rim. The most intact section of the rim is along the northeast quadrant; the rim to the south and west has been eroded and partly covered by small craters.
 The Nottawasaga River is a river in southern Ontario Canada. Its headwaters are located on the Niagara Escarpment in the Osprey Wetlands near Wareham Ontario and in Oak Ridges Moraine.
 The Acarnanian Mountains (Greek: Ακαρνανικά όρη Akarnanika ori) is a mountain range in the northwestern part of the Aetolia-Acarnania regional unit in western Greece. It stretches from the village Monastiraki near Vonitsa in the north to Astakos in the south with a total length of nearly 40 km. The Ionian Sea lies to the west.
 The Santerno is a river of Romagna in northern Italy the major tributary of the Reno River. In Roman times it was known as the Vatrenus (small Renus) although in the Tabula Peutingeriana it was already identified as the Santernus. It rises near the Futa Pass at 1222 metres of elevation in the Apennine ridges facing the plateau of Firenzuola.
 Hoselaw Lake is a lake in northeast Alberta Canada. Its name may be derived from Loch Hoselaw in Roxburghshire Scotland or from Hoselaw Alberta.
 Mount Pangulubao or Pangulubau (Indonesian: Gunung Pangulubao) is a mountain near Lake Toba in Sumatra.Mount Pangulubao is notable for its large number of native tropical pitcher plant species. These include Nepenthes ampullaria Nepenthes gymnamphora Nepenthes mikei Nepenthes ovata Nepenthes rhombicaulis Nepenthes spectabilis and Nepenthes tobaica. The natural hybrid Nepenthes × pangulubauensis is named after it.
 Clear Creek is a creek in Snohomish County Washington. It is a tributary of the Sauk River and enters the river just above the community of Darrington.
 Füllbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Chirui River is a tributary of the Vârghiş River in Romania.
 La Condamine is a small lunar crater that is located on the southern edge of the Mare Frigoris in the northern part of the Moon. It lies to the northeast of the mountain-rimmed Sinus Iridum formation in the northwest part of the Mare Imbrium.The crater rim is low and rounded with the edge worn and eroded along the northeast side. The outer wall is somewhat polygonal particularly in the southwestern half.
 The Bălăcel River is a tributary of the Burdea River in Romania.
 The River Gade is a river running almost entirely though Hertfordshire. It rises from a spring in the chalk of the Chiltern Hills at Dagnall Buckinghamshire and flows through Hemel Hempstead Kings Langley and Croxley Green to Rickmansworth where it joins the The River Colne.
 Ithaca Creek is a waterway in the Enoggera Creek catchment in the western suburbs of Brisbane Queensland Australia. It arises in the Taylor Range at the Mount Coot-tha forest with two streams one arising at J C Slaughter Falls the other and stronger source being Simpson Falls the western branch.Ithaca Creek runs through the suburbs of Bardon Ashgrove and Red Hill where it joins Enoggera Creek.
 The Văratec River is a tributary of the Netezi River in Romania.
 Cerro Pachón (Spanish for Pachón hill) is a mountain located close to Chilean city of Vicuña and 10 km southeast of the Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory at an altitude of 2715 m over the sea level in the foothills of the Andes. The location is exceedingly dry making it suitable for infrared observations. The air overhead is very stable yielding excellent seeing.
 The Swartberg mountains (black mountain in Afrikaans) are a mountain range in the Western Cape province of South Africa. It is composed of two main mountain chains running roughly east-west along the northern edge of the semi-arid Little Karoo. To the north of the range lies the other large semi-arid area in South Africa the Great Karoo. Most of the Swartberg Mountains are above 2000 m high making them the tallest mountains in the Western Cape.
 Munt Buffalora (2630 m) is a mountain of the Ortler Alps located south of the Ofen Pass in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
 The Martwa Wisla [ˈmartfa ˈviswa] (literally dead Vistula; German: Tote Weichsel) is a river one of the branches of the Vistula flowing through the city of Gdańsk in northern Poland.It got its name when this branch of the river became increasingly moribund. A harbor canal was constructed with the Westerplatte on one of its banks. It was constructed to flow through Danzig (Gdańsk) into the Danziger Bucht now Gdańsk Bay.
 Del Puerto Creek originally Arroyo de La Puerta (Creek of the Door) is a tributary of the San Joaquin River draining eastern slopes of part of the Diablo Range within the Central Valley of California USA. The Creek enters the San Joaquin River about 2 1/2 miles southeast of Grayson California in Stanislaus County.
 The Modder River is a river in South Africa. It is a tributary of the Riet River that forms part of the border between the Northern Cape and the Free State provinces. The river's banks were the scenes of heavy fighting in the begin of the Second Boer War at the Battle of Modder River.There is an inhabited farming place named 'Modder River' just north of the confluence between this river and the Riet.
 The Market Weighton canal ran 9.5 miles (15.3 km) from the Humber estuary to its terminus near Market Weighton. It gained its Act of Parliament in 1772 and opened in 1782. The 3.5 miles (5.6 km) closest to Market Weighton was abandoned in 1900 and the right of navigation through Weighton lock was lost in 1971. However as of 2002 the lock was passable and the canal usable up to the junction with the River Foulness where silt has made it impassable.
 The Sletnicu River is a tributary of the Craiova River in Romania.
 Langenbach (Eichelbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Râul Străjii or Straja River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 The Illinois River is a principal tributary of the Mississippi River approximately 273 miles (439 km) long in the State of Illinois. The river drains a large section of central Illinois with a drainage basin of 28070 square miles (72701 km2). This river was important among Native Americans and early French traders as the principal water route connecting the Great Lakes with the Mississippi.
 The Kagloryuak River is located on Victoria Island in Northern Canada commencing in Nunavut and ending in the Northwest Territories. Starting from the central plains it flows west into Prince Albert Sound.The Kagloryuak River Valley has a density of King Eiders and Canada Geese. In 2007 the Kagloryuak River Valley became a Key Migratory Bird Terrestrial Habitat SiteThe river is an important source of Arctic charr for the community of Holman.
 Isanotski Peaks or Isanotski Volcano known locally as Ragged Jack is a multipeaked mountain on Unimak Island the easternmost Aleutian Island in Alaska United States. It is an old highly dissected stratovolcano lying about 10 miles (16 km) east of Shishaldin Volcano the highest peak in the Aleutian Islands. Its height is also often given as 8025 feet (2446 m).In contrast to many of the younger symmetrical volcanoes of the region Isanotski is topped by multiple rugged pinnacles.
 The Imaruí River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Wolkberg is a mountain range in Limpopo Province South Africa. It constitutes a northern subrange of the Drakensberg system. The range extends for about 30 km (19 mi) in a NW/SE direction north of Sekhukhuneland. The nearest towns are Haenertsburg and Tzaneen.
 The Huron River is a 130-mile-long (210 km) river in southeastern Michigan rising out of the Huron Swamp in Indian Springs Metropark in northern Oakland County and flowing into Lake Erie on the boundary between Wayne County and Monroe County.
 Canoe Lake is a small endorheic lake near the community of Weslemkoon in Addington Highlands in the north and on the western edge of Lennox and Addington County Ontario Canada. It is just south-east of the West Bay of Weslemkoon Lake.
 Whitesand Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada part of the Hewitson River system. Another lake in Thunder Bay District with the same name Whitesand Lake (Lake Nipigon) lies further northwest and flows via the Whitesand River (Lake Nipigon) into Lake Nipigon.Whitesand Lake is just north of Highway 17 about 9 kilometres (6 mi) east of the community of Rossport and 8 kilometres (5 mi) west of the community of Schreiber.
 Laguna Tumichuqua is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. Its surface area is 3.4 km².
 The Sodom River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
 The Tăniav River is a tributary of the Miniş River in Romania.
 The Da Jacutinga River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Griswold Lake is a glacial tarn in the Ruby Mountains in Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. It is located at the head of Hennen Canyon at approximately 40°38.1′N 115°29.2′W and at an elevation of 9220 feet (2810 meters). It has an area of approximately 17 acres (7 hectares) and a depth of up to 20 feet (6 meters).Griswold Lake is the principal source of Butterfield Creek which flows down Hennen Canyon before exiting the mountains into Pleasant Valley.
 The Strawberry River is a tributary of the Black River about 115 miles (185 km) long in northern Arkansas in the United States. Via the Black and White rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.The Strawberry River rises in eastern Fulton County and flows generally southeastwardly through Izard Sharp and Lawrence counties; it joins the Black River in the northeastern extremity of Independence County 10 miles (16 km) north of Tuckerman.
 Liathach is one of the most famous of the Torridon Hills. At a height of 3461 feet (1055 m) it lies to the north of the A896 road in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland and has two peaks of Munro status: Spidean a' Choire Lèith at the east of the main ridge and Mullach an Rathain at the western end of the mountain.
 Pfitzbach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Friesenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Chusovskoye (Russian: Чусовское) is a lake in Perm Krai Russia. Area is 19.1 km². Average depth is 1.5 – 2 m maximal depth is 8 m. Is stretches from north to south for more than 15 km. It is largest lake in Perm Krai located in the extreme north of Cherdynsky District near the border with Komi Republic. There are Visherka River flows out of the lake and Beryozovka River that flows into the lake in the north.
 Mount Formidable is a mountain in the North Cascades of Skagit County in Washington state. Its first ascent was undertaken by members of the original Ptarmigan Traverse and the peak is a popular climb for parties on the traverse. It was named by early mountaineer Herman Ulrichs in 1935 because of the rugged appearance of its north face. The peak is usually accessed from Cascade Pass via the Ptarmigan Traverse.
 Furnerius is a large lunar crater located in the southeast part of the Moon in the area close to the southwestern limb. Because of its location the crater appears oval in shape due to foreshortening but is actually nearly circular. Notable nearby craters include Stevinus to the northwest and Fraunhofer to the south-southwest.
 Rattlesnake Lake also known as Sauder Reservoir is a manmade lake in southern Alberta Canada. It is located approximately 23 km (14 mi) northwest of Seven Persons and 29 km (18 mi) west of Medicine Hat.
 Silver Lake is a lake located just outside Oconomowoc in Waukesha County Wisconsin United States.
 Schuylkill Canal is the common but technically inaccurate name for the Schuylkill Navigation a 19th-century commercial waterway in and along the Schuylkill River in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. The canal was actually a system of interconnected canals and slack-water pools in the river which is called a navigation. The Schuylkill Navigation System opened in 1825 to provide transportation and water power.
 Bark Lake is a lake in the Township of South Algonquin in Nipissing District in Ontario Canada. It lies near Madawaska Ontario on the Madawaska River where the tributary Opeongo River joins.
 Lugknitzka is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Kottmar is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany. It is part of the Lusatian Highlands (Lausitzer Bergland). Its elevation is 583 m.
 Torfkuhlen Bad Sülze is a group of three lakes at Bad Sülze in Vorpommern-Rügen Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 1.8 m its surface area is 0.27 km².
 Gerzensee is a lake in Canton of Berne Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.25 km². It gives the name to the village of Gerzensee.
 The Punakitere River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is a tributary of the Waima River though it is longer than the Waima itself. The Punakitere has its origins in several streams which flowe through and to the south of Kaikohe and flows predominantly westward to reach the Waima close to the small settlement of Moehau.
 The Gamshag is a mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps in the Austrian state of Tyrol whose summit reaches a height of 2178 m AA.The Gamshag is located northwest of the Torsee lake the source of the River Saalach. The prominent peak of the Tristkogel (2095 m AA) rises to the northeast.
 Al-Khwarizmi is a lunar impact crater located on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the southeast of the crater Moiseev and northeast of Saenger.The western inner wall of Al-Khwarizmi is much wider than along the eastern side. The eastern rim overlays a pair of craters including Al-Khwarizmi J. The outer wall is somewhat distorted from a circular shape including a double-rim in the south.
 The Ubazinho River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Weissfluh is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located above Davos in the canton of Graubünden. It is part of a ski area and the summit is served by a cable car from the Weissfluhjoch.
 The Valea Hotarului River or Pârâul Hotaruilui is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Mittaggüpfi (also known as Gnepfstein) is a mountain of the Emmental Alps located west of Mount Pilatus on the border between the Swiss cantons of Lucerne and Obwalden.
 The Hohstock (3226 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Belalp in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range east of the Unterbächhorn between the valley of the Oberaletsch Glacier and the cirque of Belalp.In winter the Hohstock is part of a ski area. A ski lift culminates at 3118 m on its southeastern side.
 The Valea Ursului River is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 Praděd (Czech pronunciation: [ˈpraɟɛt]; German: Altvater; Polish: Pradziad; Grandfather) (1491.3 metres) is the highest mountain of Hrubý Jeseník mountains Czech Silesia and Upper Silesia and is fifth highest mountain of Czech Republic.The average annual temperature is about 1°C.A television transmitter is situated on the top 162 m high. The upper platform is used as a watchtower. The mountain is also a popular area for skiing.
 The Runcu River or Idieș River or Idieci River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Río de los Negros is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Chiché River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Schafberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Ilse (Bega) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Mamanguape River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 Mariwood Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island north east of Moat Lake on Forbidden Plateau Strathcona Provincial Park
 The Steitalhorn (3164 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located west of Embd in the canton of Valais. It lies south of the Augstbord Pass on the range between the Turtmanntal and the Mattertal although its summit is within the Mattertal. The Steitalhorn is the culminating point of the group named Steitalgrat.
 Yapunyah Waterhole lies in the Mulga Lands bioregion of western Queensland. The waterhole is about two kilometres long and covers approximately 22 hectares when full.It is defined as a permanent waterhole in a region where permanent waterholes are extremely rare and therefore provide important refuges for aquatic plants and animals.
 The Waitahu River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows ngenerally northwest from its source in the Victoria Range to reach the Inangahua River five kilometres north of Reefton.
 The Peixe River (upper Araguaia River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Aluniș River is a tributary of the Valea Gorganului River in Romania.
 The Eg River (Mongolian: Эг гол Mongolian: Эгийн гол Egiin gol ) is a river in the Khövsgöl and Bulgan aimags in northern Mongolia. It is the only outflow of Lake Khövsgöl and a tributary of the Selenge river. Wooden bridges exist near Khatgal and in Tünel sum and a concrete bridge has been built in Erdenebulgan. In Bulgan aimag there is a bridge between Teshig and Khutag-Öndör sums.Since the early 1990s there have been efforts to build a hydroelectric dam on this river.
 The Waipoua River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally east from its sources in the Parataiko Range to reach the Tasman Sea 15 kilometres southeast of the mouth of the Hokianga Harbour. Much of the river's length is through the Waipoua Kauri Forest.
 The Owl Mountains (Polish: Góry Sowie; German: Eulengebirge; Czech: Soví hory) is a mountain range in the Central Sudetes in south-west Poland. It runs between the historic Lower Silesian region and Kłodzko Land. The range includes a protected area called Owl Mountains Landscape Park.In the Owl Mountains apart from the main ridge the subdivisions of Garb Dzikowca and Wzgórza Wyrębińskie can be distinguished.
 The Seaca River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 Silver Creek is a river in the municipality of Huron East Huron County Ontario Canada and a right tributary of the Bayfield River.
 Banua Wuhu submarine volcano rises more than 400 m from the sea floor in the Sangihe Islands of Indonesia. Historical records show that several ephemeral islands were formed and disappeared. A 90 m high island was formed in 1835 but then dwindled to only a few rocks in 1848. A new island was reportedly formed in 1889 and it was 50 m high in 1894. Another new island was formed in 1919 but then disappeared by 1935.
 The Drăculea River is a tributary of the Berivoi River in Romania.
 The Valea Sunătorilor River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Allpaqucha (Quechua allpa earth qucha lake earth lake hispanicized spelling Allpacocha) is a lake in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru. It is situated in the Ancash Region Huari Province in the southeast of the Chavín de Huantar District. Allpaqucha lies in the Huascarán National Park near the mountain Warapaska (Huarapasca). The lake is about 600 metres (1969 ft) long and 400 metres (1312 ft) at its widest point. It is situated at a height of 4761 metres (15620 ft) .
 Hod Hill (or Hodd Hill) is a large hill fort in the Blackmore Vale 3 miles (5 km) north-west of Blandford Forum Dorset England. The fort sits on a 143 m (469 ft) chalk hill of the same name that lies between the adjacent Dorset Downs and Cranborne Chase. The hill fort at Hambledon Hill is just to the north.The fort is roughly rectangular (600 by 400 m (2000 by 1300 ft)) with an enclosed area of 22 ha (54 acres).
 The Barn River is a small river in a remote area of the Westland district of New Zealand. Only 3 km long it acts as the primary drainage of the south half of the Hermitage Swamp near the mouth of the Cascade River.
 This article is for the mountain range in Montana. For the small mountain range in British Columbia Canada also known as Mission Mountain see Mission Ridge (British Columbia). For the summit in California see Mission Peak.The Mission Mountains or Mission Range are a range of the Rocky Mountains located in northwestern Montana in the United States. They lie chiefly in Lake County and Missoula County and are south and east of Flathead Lake and west of the Swan Range.
 Friday Mountain is a mountain located in Ulster County New York. The mountain is part of the Catskill Mountains.Friday Mountain is flanked to the north by Cornell Mountain and to the south by Balsam Cap.The southeast side of Friday Mountain drains into Maltby Hollow Brook thence into Bush Kill the Ashokan Reservoir Esopus Creek the Hudson River and into New York Bay. The northeast side of Friday Mtn. drains into Wittenberg Brook thence into Maltby Hollow Brook.
 Spicers Peak is a mountain in Australia. It lies roughly 120 km west of Brisbane in the middle of the Main Range National Park. It is just south of Cunninghams Gap and Mount Mitchell. Its summit height is approximately 1205 metres (3953 ft).[citation needed]The only known track to the summit is through private land. You can gain access with The Scenic Rim Trail by Spicers that provides a guided walk to the summit .
 The Lempeș River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Schönertsbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Larmor is a crater on the Moon's far side. It is located to the east-southeast of Shayn and due north of Dante. It is named in honor of the physicist Joseph Larmor.The rim of Larmor is broken across by the satellite crater Larmor Z. The remaining rim is slightly worn particularly to the southwest and the inner wall is somewhat wider at the southern end. The wider southern inner wall displays terrace structures.
 The Frasin River is a tributary of the Târșolț River in Romania.
 The San Juan volcanic field located in southwestern Colorado contains two distinct phases of volcanism. The earlier volcanism is Oligocene in age and consists of largely intermediate composition lavas and breccias. A few ash flow tuffs also constitute this phase of volcanism. Later volcanism is Miocene–Pliocene in age and is basaltic in composition.
 The Clain is a 144 km long river in western France left tributary of the river Vienne. Its source is near Hiesse in the Charente department.The Clain flows generally north through the following departments and towns:CharenteVienne: Pressac Vivonne Poitiers.It joins the Vienne near Châtellerault in Cenon-sur-Vienne.Among its tributaries are the Clouère and the Vonne.
 The Schutter is a 55 kilometer long river in Baden-Württemberg Germany a left tributary of the Kinzig.The source is located at the Hünersedel at 680 m height. From there the Schutter runs firstly westwards through the Schuttertal and after an almost right-angled crease in a northerly direction it passes the towns of Seelbach and Lahr. It leaves then the Black Forest and flows parallel to the Rhine through the Upper Rhine Graben until it joins the Kinzig at Kehl.
 Bastille Peak is a mountain located 74 km (46 mi) north of Pangnirtung Baffin Island Nunavut Canada. It is associated with the Baffin Mountains which in tirn form part of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
 The Wendover Arm Canal is part of the Grand Union Canal in England and forms part of the British canal system. It originally linked the Grand Union Canal at Bulbourne near Star Top End in Hertfordshire to the town of Wendover in Buckinghamshire. The canal is 6.7 miles (11 km) miles long but has not been navigable since 1897.
 Stehøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Flat Top Mountain is a 1736-foot (529 m) mountain located on Chichagof Island in the City and Borough of Sitka in the U.S. state of Alaska.
 Great Barren Lake is a lake of Argyle municipality in south-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Tiraumea River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. The river has its source on the slopes of Mount Hutton (1400 metres (4600 ft)) at the southern end of the Braeburn Range and runs northwest from the Tiraumea Saddle (672 metres (2205 ft)). It reaches the Tutaki River 10 kilometres southeast of Murchison. The area is known for hunting. The Tiraumea Track runs the full length of the river descending from the Tiraumea Saddle to Lake Rotoroa.
 Souveyrols lake is a lake in Lozère France on the Aubrac plateau. It has a glacial origin. Its surface area is 0.016 km². On his banks grows the spectacular plant named Ligularia sibirica. This boreal species is usually present in Russia and Siberia and is very rare in Western Europe.
 The Masnàn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located east of Biasca and Osogna in the canton of Ticino.
 The Mangaturuturu River is a river of the centre of New Zealand's North Island. One of the headwaters of the Manganui o te Ao River it flows west from the slopes of Mount Ruapehu joining with numerous other small rivers to become the Manganui o Te Ao 20 kilometres northwest of Ohakune.
 The Königsstuhl (King's Chair) is the best-known chalk cliff on the Stubbenkammer in the Jasmund National Park on the Baltic Sea island of Rügen. It lies at 118 m above sea level.In 2004 the Königsstuhl was incorporated into the terrain of the Königsstuhl National Park Centre. It can be reached along a cliff top path 11 kilometres long in total that runs from Sassnitz to Lohme or from the large car park in Hagen (in the municipality of Lohme) 3 km away.
 The São João Pequeno River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Scharfenstein is a mountain 697.6 m above sea level high in the Harz Mountains of Germany near Ilsenburg in the district of Harz in Saxony-Anhalt. It is part of the Harz National Park.
 The Chichișul River is a tributary of the Buzăiel River in Romania.
 Llyn Melynllyn (Welsh for yellow lake) is a lake on the edge of the Carneddau range of mountains in Snowdonia North Wales.It lies at a height of just over 2000 feet (610 m) and has an area of some 18.5 acres (75000 m2).Cliffs rise steeply from its western edge up to the summit of Foel Grach and down from which most of its feeder streams flow.A small dam was built at its northern end in 1887 but this was deliberately breached in 1970.
 The Tottenham Range are a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located between Seymour Inlet and at the head of Belize Inlet. It has an area of 46 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 Min Mountains or Minshan (Chinese: 岷山; pinyin: Min Shan) are a mountain range in central China. It runs in the general north-south direction through northern Sichuan (the eastern part of the Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture and adjacent areas of Mianyang Prefecture-level city) and southernmost borderlands of Gansu.
 Pico da Antónia is Santiago's tallest mountain located in the central part of the island in Cape Verde. It is ranked before Serra da Malagueta in the north of the island. The area within the peak and its mountain range are part of the national park of the same name. The area surrounding the mountain is rocky and grassy with a couple of forests in its valley and the low-lying areas grasslands and plants dominate the middle part and rocks within the summit of the peak.
 The Pârâul Radului is a tributary of the Jidanul in Romania.
 The Nonesuch River is a 24.9-mile-long (40.1 km) river in southern Maine in the United States. It rises in Saco and travels northeast then east then southwest through the town of Scarborough becoming the primary source of fresh water to the Scarborough Marsh and the Scarborough River. It has several brooks as tributaries.It is a small winding river tidal over its lower reaches which large boats could not navigate. At one point a canal was constructed to follow its course.
 Jochspitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Răchitoasa River is a tributary of the Zeletin River in Romania.
 The Do Ouro River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Läunsbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Jabal Shi'ab ash Shaybah is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Mount Matkin is a Canadian mountain located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named after Philip K Matkin.
 Hollergraben is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Ruja River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 The Maciovița River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania
 Willoughby Run is a tributary of Marsh Creek in Adams County Pennsylvania in the United States.Willoughby Run flows southward between Herr Ridge and McPherson Ridge through the Gettysburg Battlefield.
 Făgăraș Mountains (Romanian: Munții Făgărașului Hungarian: Fogaras hegység) are the highest mountains of the Southern Carpathians in Romania. The highest peaks are Moldoveanu (2544 m) Negoiu (2535 m) Viștea Mare (2527 m) Lespezi (2522 m) Vânătoarea lui Buteanu (2507 m) and Dara (2501 m).They are bordered in the north by the Făgăraș Depression through which the Olt river flows and in the west by the Olt Valley (Valea Oltului).
 Balwangsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1458.1 m (4784 ft).
 Pinnacle Glacier is in Mount Rainier National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the northeast slopes of Pinnacle Peak. Pinnacle Glacier is 6 mi (9.7 km) south of Mount Rainier and is a small remnant glacier that has developed a proglacial lake as it has retreated.
 The Frumușica River is a tributary of the Sacovăț River in Romania.
 Lake Columbia is a small man-made lake in Columbia Township in southern Jackson County in the U.S. state of Michigan. Originally formed as a mill pond in 1836 it was expanded to 840 acres (3.4 km2) in 1961. At its greatest extent the lake is 2 and 1/4 miles long and 1 and 3/4 miles wide. It has approximately 14 miles (23 km) of shoreline and the water source to the lake is Goose Creek. The lake has an average depth of 18 feet (5.5 m).
 Liese (Nuhne) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lake Vadkert (sometimes also called Büdös-tó Stinky Lake) is a lake nearby the town of Soltvadkert Hungary. It became one of the most popular tourist destinations in Hungary since it had similar features to Lake Balaton but cheaper prices and no overcrowding.
 The Stuart Range is a mountain range in central Washington USA. The range lies within the eastern extent of the Cascade Range immediately southwest of Leavenworth and runs east-west. The western peaks make up a single sharp ridge. The eastern half of the range splits into two parallel ridges the northern of which is known as the Enchantment Peaks. Between these ridges lies the Enchantment Basin which holds the dozens of tarns known as the Enchantment Lakes.
 The Little Southwest Branch Saint John River is a 49.7 kilometres (30.9 mi) river in Somerset County Maine. From its source (46°07′34″N 70°11′39″W) in Maine Township 6 Range 19 WELS it flows northward a few miles east of the Canada – United States border to its mouth on the Southwest Branch Saint John River in T 9 R 18.
 Kinchant Dam was built on Sandy Creek to provide irrigation & town water in 1977. Kinchant holds 62800 ML of water at an average depth of 6.8 m and has a surface area of 920 hectares when full.
 North Cleaver Lake is an endorheic lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is about 450 metres (1476 ft) long and 100 metres (328 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 431 metres (1414 ft). The lake is about 21.5 kilometres (13.4 mi) northwest of the community of Schreiber 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) northwest of Cleaver Lake and 550 metres (1804 ft) east of Winston Lake.
 Favorite Channel is a channel in Southeast Alaska northwest of Juneau Alaska United States. It is 25 kilometres (16 mi) long extending northwest from Stephens Passage to Lynn Canal separating Lincoln and Shelter islands from the mainland to the east. It was named in 1880 by U.S.
 Col de la Vanoise is a mountain pass of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 2522 metres above sea level.
 Dow's Lake in Ottawa Canada is a small man-made lake on the Rideau Canal situated two kilometres north of Hog's Back Falls in the middle of Ottawa. It is at the south end of Preston Street just south of Carling Avenue and just to the west of Bronson Avenue. At the south end of the lake is Carleton University and to the west is the Dominion Arboretum at the edge of the Central Experimental Farm.
 The Liuxihe River or simply Liuxi is a tributary of the Pearl River in China with its basin situated northeast of Guangzhou in Guangdong Province. It lies between the Beijiang River and Dongjiang River and is interrupted by the Liuxihe Dam.
 Waskhaqucha (Quechua waskha (also waska) rope qucha lake hispanicized spelling Huascacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Yauli Province Carhuacayan District. It is situated at a height of about 4484 metres (14711 ft) about 5.10 km long and 0.95 km at its widest point.
 The Tocila Mare River is a tributary of the Râul Tocilelor in Romania.
 The Col de Couz is a pass located near the village of Saint-Jean-de-Couz peaking at 624 m above sea level . It is located at equal distances from the ends of the valley of Couz. It connects Chambéry north-east to Les Echelles southwest side.
 Livadh lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Livadhit or Albanian: Shterbaqko; Serbian: Штрбачко језеро Štrbačko jezero or Ливадичко језеро Livadičko jezero) is a mountain lake in the Shar Mountains in Kosovo. It lies at an elevation of 2173 m (7129 ft) above sea level and has a maximum length of 228 m (748 ft) and a maximum width of 120 m (394 ft). It has a great depth for a mountain lake with 7.30 m (24.0 ft) being the maximum depth.
 The Subansiri River is a tributary of the Brahmaputra River in the Indian states of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh and the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. The Subansiri is 442 kilometres (275 mi) long with a drainage basin 32640 square kilometres (12600 sq mi) large. The Subansiri is the largest tributary of the Brahmaputra. Its maximum observed discharge was 18799 cubic metres per second (663900 cu ft/s) and its minimum 131 m3/s (4600 cu ft/s).
 The Valea Pietrei Negre River or Iezeru River is a headwater of the Pârâul Cuţilor in Romania
 Lake Cadagno (Italian: Lago di Cadagno) is a meromictic lake in the Piora valley (canton of Ticino) Switzerland. As one of a few meromictic lakes in Europe it is the object of numerous scientific studies. The Piora valley - located in the Gotthard massif (central Swiss Alps) in the Southern part of Switzerland near Airolo at an altitude of 2000 m above sea level - is a landlocked alpine valley whose scientific value has been recognized for more than two centuries.
 Calafquén Lake (Mapudungun: Lake like a sea) is a lake of Chile which straddles the border between the La Araucanía Region and Los Ríos Region. It is one of the Seven Lakes and forms part of the drainage basin of the Valdivia River.The Villarrica Volcano is situated in the vicinity north of the lake.
 The Țefeleica River is a tributary of the Strâmba in Romania.
 Kamarang River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Essequibo River basin.
 Beardy Waters a watercourse and part of the Macintyre catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 Metzgerbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Little Cockup is a fell in the Northern Fells area of the Lake District Cumbria England. It is located in the Uldale Fells about 5 km or 3 miles north of Skiddaw near the larger fell of Great Cockup 1 km to the east and has an elevation of 395 metres. Another hill called plain Cockup is about 2 km to the south.
 The Ialomicioara River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Peak Korzhenevskaya is the third highest peak in the Pamir Mountains of Tajikistan. It is one of the five Snow Leopard Peaks in the territory of theformer Soviet Union. It is named after Evgenia Korzhenevskaya the wife of Russian geographer Nikolai L. Korzhenevskiy who discovered the peak in August 1910.Due to transliteration and declension issues the peak's name is rendered in many different ways including Korzhenevski Korzhenevskoi and Korzhenievsky.
 Cami Lake (also called Fagnano Lake Spanish: Lago Fagnano or Lago Cami) is a lake located on the main island of the Tierra del Fuego archipelago and shared by Argentina and Chile.The 645 km² lake runs east-west for about 98 kilometres of which 72.5 km (606 km²) belong to the Argentine Tierra del Fuego Province and only 13.5 km (39 km²) belong to the Chilean Magallanes y la Antártica Chilena Region.
 Conejos Peak elevation 13179 ft (4017 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains of southern Colorado. The peak is in the Rio Grande National Forest 24 miles (39 km) east northeast of Pagosa Springs.
 The Ugashik River is a stream 43 miles (69 km) long on the Alaska Peninsula of the U.S. state of Alaska.
 Ice Peak is a stratovolcano located 39 km (24 mi) west of Tatogga and 3 km (2 mi) south of Mount Edziza British Columbia Canada. It overlaps the 7.5 million year old Armadillo Peak. It lies on a large volcanic plateau which is made of basaltic lava flows from the massive Mount Edziza volcanic complex.
 Ettaler Manndl is a 1636 m high mountain of the Ammergau Alps in Bavaria Germany. It is close to the town of Oberammergau and about 10 km north of Garmisch-Partenkirchen. It is a sub-peak of the Laber mountain at 1681 m.The mountain is a popular destination for hiking and in Winter skiing is also possible. A cable car (the Laberbergbahn) brings visitors up to just below the summit of the Laber from where a variety of footpaths lead. There is also a restaurant at the top cable car station.
 Mount Harcourt is a stratovolcano making up part of the Hallett Peninsula extending into the Ross Sea about 375 mi (604 km) south of Mount Erebus along with three overlapping shield volcanoes. Two dates have been obtained from the volcano's rock roughly 5.5 and 6.6 million years in age. These samples are alkalic in composition. The volcano is known to be a site of Boscoia sudpolaris.
 The Leşu River is a tributary of the Pietrele River in Romania.
 Verse is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Mesquite Mountains are a mountain range in eastern San Bernardino County California near the border with Nevada. They are north of Interstate 15 in California and southeast of Death Valley.
 The Valea Negrii River is a tributary of the Lacuri River in Romania.
 The Río Santiago (Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Foel Goch is a mountain in north-east Wales and forms part of the Arenig mountain range. It is the only member of the Arenig group that lies outside of the Snowdonia National Park.The summit is grassy and is marked by a trig point cairn and a boundary stone. Glacial erratics litter its slopes with a large one located in Cwm Da. To the west is Carnedd y Filiast and Arenig Fach while to the south west is Arenig Fawr and Mynydd Nodol.
 The Narramissic River is a 1.7-mile-long (2.7 km) river in Hancock County Maine. It is the furthest downstream freshwater section in the Narramissic watershed.The Narramissic begins at the outlet of Alamoosook Lake and flows west and southwest. It turns south at Duck Cove just upstream of the village of Orland where near the end of Fish Point at Lower Falls or Orland Dam its overflow joins the tidal Orland River .
 Porth is a crater on the planet Mars. It is named after the town of Porth Rhondda Cynon Taff south Wales United Kingdom. It is located at 21.4°N 255.9°W and has a diameter of 9.3 km.
 Gull Lake is a lake in the U.S. state of Minnesota located in Cass County and Crow Wing County. It is one of the largest lakes in the Brainerd Minnesota-Baxter Minnesota area and also one of the most popular. Of the seven Gull Lakes in Minnesota this Gull Lake is the largest in area and shoreline. The shoreline is highly developed with residential and commercial interests. For each shoreline mile there are 27.8 homes or cabins.
 The Hay River is a river in the Great Southern region of Western Australia.The river was named in December 1829 by naval ship's surgeon Thomas Braidwood Wilson after Sir Robert William Hay Permanent Under-secretary of State for the Colonies from 1825 to 1836.
 Challwaqucha (Quechua challwa fish qucha lake fish lake hispanicized spelling Challhuacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ancash Region Pallasca Province Conchucos District. It lies southeast of the lake Pelagatos northwest of the lake Lawrasqucha (Labrascocha) and north of the village Challwaqucha (Challuacocha).The little river Challwaqucha connects the lake with the town Conchucos in the southwest.
 Shillhope Law is a hill in the southern Cheviots a range of hills in Northumberland England. Shillhope Law is a relatively unremarkable member of this group; in common with its neighbours it has a small summit and steep grassy sides falling to deeply incised valleys on either side.
 Schwarzbach (Klettgau) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Prüm (German pronunciation: [ˈpʁʏm]) is a river in Rhineland-Palatinate Germany left tributary of the Sauer. Its total length is 95 km and its basin area is 889 km². The Prüm rises in the Schneifel hills north of the town of Prüm close to the border with Belgium. It flows southward through Prüm Waxweiler Holsthum and Irrel. The Prüm discharges to the Sauer in Minden on the border with Luxembourg three kilometres east of Echternach. The largest tributary of the Prüm is the Nims.
 Lake Novozero (Ozero Novozero Russian: озеро Новозеро) is a lake in Belozersky District in Vologda Oblast Russia. The lake has the island Ognenny Ostrov which now holds a high-security penal institution.
 The Auglaize River (Shawnee: Kathinakithiipi) is a 113-mile-long (182 km) tributary of the Maumee River in northwestern Ohio in the United States. It drains a primarily rural farming area in the watershed of Lake Erie. The name of the river either comes from a French term for frozen water.It rises in southeastern Allen County approximately 10 miles (16 km) southeast of Lima and 12 miles (19 km) north of Indian Lake.
 The Duwamish River is the name of the lower 12 miles (19 km) of Washington state's Green River. Its industrialized estuary is known as the Duwamish Waterway.
 Heranoshøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Grande Rivière de l'Anse la Raye is a river of Saint Lucia.
 Not to be confused with Tonlé Sap.Tonlé San also known as Tonlé Se San or Sesan River is a river that flows through central Vietnam and northeast Cambodia. It is a major tributary of the Mekong River. A short portion of the river forms a part of the international border between Cambodia and Vietnam.
 The Pârâul Roșu is a tributary of the Vorona River in Romania.
 The Champlain Thrust is a fault extending southward from southern Quebec though western Vermont in the Champlain Valley and into eastern New York in the Hudson Valley. This east dipping thrust fault transports Cambrian-Ordovician passive margin shelf rocks westerward by about 30–50 miles (48–80 km) and places them on top of Middle Ordovician rocks.
 Hayford is a lunar crater on the Moon's far side. It is a relatively isolated feature with the nearest named crater being Krasovskiy some 300 km due south. Hayford has a well-defined edge that is not significantly eroded. The inner walls slope directly down to the floor with little slumping or terrace formation. The interior floor is relatively featureless.
 Cabin Creek is a tributary of the Kanawha River 22.7 miles (36.5 km) long in West Virginia in the United States. Via the Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 72.6 square miles (188 km2) in a coal mining region on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.Cabin Creek rises in western Fayette County approximately 2.2 miles (3.5 km) south-southwest of Coalfield.
 North Amber Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Boulder Mountains in Sawtooth National Recreation Area. While no trails lead to the lake it is most easily accessed from trail 146. The lake is located north of South Amber Lake but in a separate sub-drainage.
 Bigge is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Ticoș River ((Hungarian)) is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania.
 Innes is a lunar impact crater on the Moon's far side. It is located less than a crater diameter to the east-southeast of the prominent crater Seyfert. To the southeast of Innes is the crater Meggers and to the west-southwest lies Polzunov.This crater has not been significantly worn due to impact erosion and the features remain well-defined. The shape is roughly circular with a slight outward bulge along the western edge.
 Mount Judson is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 20 km (12 mi) northeast of Gold River and 8 km (5 mi) west of Crown Mountain.
 El Barco Lake (Laguna El Barco or Lago El Barco) is a lake in the Bío Bío Region of Chile near the Callaqui stratovolcano.The terrain is volcanic in origin.Ignimbrites and lavas about 2.65 million years old can be seen in region around the lake.The lake can be reached by a road that runs up the east side of the Callaqui volcano and the Ralco National Reserve.It has a campsite with hot showers run by the local Pehuenche community with craft sales horse riding and MTB rentals.The site is open in summer only from December to March. 
 Monte Cavallo is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Merrick (Gaelic: Mearaig) is the highest mountain in the Southern Uplands of southern Scotland and is part of the Range of the Awful Hand.The shortest route of ascent is from the car park in Glen Trool.
 The Little Avon River is a small river partly in southern Gloucestershire and partly in South Gloucestershire. For much of its length it forms the boundary between the county of Gloucestershire and the unitary authority of South Gloucestershire. It rises to the east of Wickwar near Horton passes near Charfield Stone and Berkeley and enters the River Severn via Berkeley Pill.
 The Front Ranges are a group of mountain ranges in the Canadian Rockies of eastern British Columbia and western Alberta Canada. It is lowest and the easternmost of the three main subranges of the Continental Ranges located east of the Bull and Elk rivers and a fault line extending northwest of West Elk Pass to McGregor Pass.
 The Annamite Range or the Annamese Mountains is a mountain range of eastern Indochina which extends approximately 1100 km (680 mi) through Laos Vietnam and a small area in northeast Cambodia. It is known in Vietnamese as Dãy Trường Sơn in Lao as Xai Phou Luang (ພູ ຫລວງ) and in French as the Chaîne Annamitique.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Perişani River in Romania.
 The Steaua Mică River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 The Klein Matterhorn (Pennine Alps) (marketed as the Matterhorn Glacier Paradise) is the second highest peak of the Zermatt-Cervinia ski area in Switzerland and the end point of the highest cable car in Europe. The peak delimits the area of the Plateau Rosa glacier and is at 3883 metres (12740 ft) with the cable car terminal at 3820 metres (12533 ft).
 The São Miguel River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Afon Tarell is a river in Powys Wales which rises to the west of the Brecon Beacons in Brecon Beacons National Park and flows north then north-east for 12 miles (20 km) into the River Usk.The river is followed for its entire length through Glyn Tarell (the Tarell valley) by the A470 road passing by the hamlets of Libanus and Tai'r Bull and entering the Usk at Llanfaes on the southern edge of Brecon.
 The Kaeo River is a river of the far north of New Zealand's North Island. It flows through the north of the North Auckland Peninsula reaching the sea at the Whangaroa Harbour. The small town of Kaeo sits on its banks five kilometres from the river's mouth.
 Mount Elkins also known as Jökelen (which means The Glacier) is a dark steep-sided mountain with three major peaks the highest 2300 meters (7500 ft) above sea level in the Napier Mountains of Enderby Land. Enderby Land is part of the Australian Antarctic Territory in East Antarctica. The mountain was named after Terence James Elkins an ionospheric physicist with the Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions at Mawson Station in 1960.
 Scar Ridge also known as Scar Ridge (West Peak) is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Sandwich Range of the White Mountains. It is officially trailless and several different routes are possible.
 Wera River is a river of Flores Indonesia.
 The Arieș (Hungarian: Aranyos) is a tributary of Mureș River in Transylvania Romania.Most probably Arieș means Gold River the name being derived from the latin Aureus. The Hungarian name Aranyos means Golden and it was first mentioned in 1177.
 Biseulsan (비슬산) is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1084 metres.
 The Sucker River is a 34.8-mile-long (56.0 km) river in eastern Alger County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It rises at the outlet of Nawakwa Lake and flows generally north to Lake Superior east of Grand Marais.
 Nigardsbreen is a glacier arm of the large Jostedalsbreen glacier. Nigardsbreen lies about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of the village of Gaupne in the Jostedalen valley Luster Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located just west of the Jostedøla river.The Breheimsenteret museum is located 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) south in the village of Jostedal. In front of the Nigardsbreen is the lake Nigardsbrevatnet where there is a small boat to transport visitors to the glacier.
 The Banker Kirchenkogel is a mountain in the Gurgler Kamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Phu Phan mountains (Thai: ทิวเขาภูพาน Thio Khao Phu Phan IPA: [tʰiw kʰǎw pʰuː pʰaːn]) are a range of hills dividing the Khorat Plateau of the Isan region of Thailand into two basins: the northern Sakhon Nakhon Basin and the southern Khorat Basin.The silhouette of the Phu Phan Mountains appears in the provincial seal of Kalasin since they form the northern boundary of the province.The Phu Phan mountains are among the places in Thailand more severely affected by the Illegal logging of Phayung (Siamese Rosewood) trees. 
 The Punga River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The South Fork Elk River is a 13.5-mile-long (21.7 km) stream in Colorado in the United States. It flows from a source near Dome Lake in Routt National Forest north of Steamboat Springs to a confluence with the Elk River.
 Ivanšćica also sometimes spelled Ivanščica and Ivančica is a mountain in northern Croatia. The highest peak is the eponymous Ivanšćica at 1059 metres (3474 ft).The rivers of Bednja Lonja Krapina and Veliki potok rise and flow in the area.On March 16 1983 at 13:52:52 Ivanščica was the epicenter of a very strong (MCS VII) earthquake.
 The Delaware River is a major river on the Atlantic coast of the United States. Its watershed drains an area of 14119 square miles (36570 km2) in five U.S. states—New York New Jersey Pennsylvania Maryland and Delaware. Rising in two branches in New York state's Catskill Mountains the river flows 419 miles (674 km) into Delaware Bay where its waters enter the Atlantic Ocean near Cape May in New Jersey and Cape Henlopen in Delaware.
 The Kurubrang River is a river of Guyana a tributary of the Potaro River.
 Frederiksholms Kanal (Danish: Frederiksholm Canal) is a canal in central Copenhagen Denmark which runs along the south-west side of Slotsholmen together with Slotholmens Kanal separating the island from Zealand. The name also applies to the continuation of Rådhusstræde which follows the canal for most of its course first on its south side and for the last stretch from Prinsens Bro and to the waterfront on both sides of the canal.
 Iron Cove Creek (also known as Dobroyd Stormwater Channel) a southern tributary of the Parramatta River is an urban stream west of Sydney Harbour located in the inner-western Sydney suburbs of Croydon Ashfield Haberfield and Five Dock in New South Wales Australia.Iron Cove Creek traverses mostly through residential areas and parkland making a 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) journey from where it surfaces in Croydon to where it empties into Iron Cove which is a bay of the Parramatta River at Five Dock. 
 The Avawatz Mountains are located in San Bernardino County California in the Mojave Desert.
 The Wenatchee River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington originating at Lake Wenatchee and flowing southeast for 53 miles (85 km) emptying into the Columbia River immediately north of Wenatchee Washington. On its way it passes the towns of Plain Leavenworth Peshastin Dryden Cashmere Monitor and Wenatchee all within Chelan County.Tributaries include the Chiwawa River Nason Creek Peshastin Creek and Icicle Creek. Its drainage basin is 1333 square miles (3450 km2) in area.
 The Kananaskis River /ˌkænəˈnæskɨs/ is a mountain river in western Alberta Canada. It is a tributary of the Bow River crossing the length of Kananaskis Country.The river was named by John Palliser in 1858 after a Cree.
 Kirnach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Judge Howay originally the Snow Peaks (a term which included Mount Robie Reid) is a distinctive twin summit located 10 km (6 mi) from the Central Fraser Valley and close up the north end of Stave Lake. Being one of the highest peaks in the region it is visible from many of the peaks around Vancouver British Columbia. It is on the eastern side of Golden Ears Provincial Park.
 Vorderer Wildgundkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Hochgundspitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Monte Torena is a mountain in Lombardy Italy located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Red Eagle Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Red Eagle Mountain rises to the west of the lake and Saint Mary Lake is to the north. Red Eagle Lake is accessible from the Triple Divide Trail and is a 7.6 miles (12.2 km) hike from St. Mary Montana.
 The Little Boulder River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows from its sources within Kahurangi National Park to reach the Aorere River south of Collingwood.
 Bilbo Colles is an area of small hills on Titan the largest moon of the planet Saturn. The hills are located near Titan's equator at 4° south and 38° east within the Quivara region.Bilbo Colles is named after Bilbo Baggins a hobbit in J. R. R. Tolkien's fictional world of Middle Earth who appears most prominently in The Hobbit. The name follows a convention that Titanean colles (hills or small knobs) are named after characters in Tolkien's work.
 Obongsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 688 metres.
 The Canto River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Ighiu River is a tributary of the Bucerdea River in Romania.
 Lake Velence is the third largest lake in Hungary. It is a popular holiday destination among Hungarians.The lake has an area of 26 km2 one third of which is covered by the common reed. Because of the sunny climate of the area and the shallowness of the lake it is one of the warmest lakes in Europe: its temperature in the summer may reach 26 to 28°C.
 The Alegre River (Maranhão) is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Stawamus Chief officially Stawamus Chief Mountain (often referred to as simply The Chief or erroneously as the Squamish Chief) is a granite dome located adjacent to the town of Squamish British Columbia. It towers over 700 m (2297 ft) above the waters of nearby Howe Sound. It is often claimed to be the second largest granite monolith in the world.The Skwxwu7mesh indigenous people from this area consider the Chief to be a place of spiritual significance.
 The Damme Hills are a high wooded ridge up to 146 m above sea level in the Oldenburg Münsterland in the southern part of the district of Vechta in western Lower Saxony Germany.
 Chiviripa River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Löbauer Berg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Grwyne Fawr is a river in the Brecon Beacons National Park in south Wales. A section of it forms the administrative border between Powys and Monmouthshire and also of the historic counties of Brecon and Monmouth. The river and its major tributary the Grwyne Fechan flow into the River Usk at Glangrwyney.
 Mount Sannine (Arabic: جبل صنين‎ / ALA-LC: Jabal Șannīn) is a mountain in the Mount Lebanon range. Its highest point is 2628 m (8622 feet) above sea level in Lebanon. Mount Sannine which has a base of limestone is the source of many mountain springs.
 The Reisalpe (1399 m) is the highest mountain in the Gutenstein Alps and lies between Lilienfeld Hohenberg and Kleinzell in Lower Austria. It is a popular destination both for hikers in summer and also for ski mountaineering and snowshoe walks in winter and is classed as relatively safe from avalanches.Near the summit stands a Madonna recently joined by a summit cross as well as the Reisalpe refuge hut (Schutzhaus) opened on 9 October 1898.
 Mont Choungui is a distinctively conical volcanic mountain in the southern part of the French island of Mayotte in the Comoro archipelago of the western Indian Ocean. It is the second highest point of the island at 593 m (1946 ft) the highest being Mont Bénara and is visible from far out at sea.
 Stocksberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Gurjaú River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 Montagne Sainte-Victoire — in Provençal Occitan: Venturi / Santa Venturi according to classical orthography and Ventùri / Santo Ventùri according to Mistralian orthography — is a limestone mountain ridge in the south of France which extends over 18 kilometres between the départements of Bouches-du-Rhône and Var. Its highest point is the Pic des mouches at 1011 metres (3317 ft); this is not however the highest point in Bouches-du-Rhône which is instead found in the Sainte-Baume massif.
 Morral de Cabrafeixet is one of the highest mountains of the Cardó Massif Catalan Pre-Coastal Range Catalonia Spain. Its NW side has an impressive escarpment visible from Highway N-340 approaching El Perelló from the north. This mountain has an elevation of 753 metres above sea level.Balma de Cabrafeixet is a prehistoric site with cave paintings located right below the Morral de Cabrafeixet escarpment. The entrance to the cave has been closed with an iron bar door to prevent vandalism.
 Mount Macedon /maʊnt ˈmæsədən/ (Aboriginal Woiwurrung language: Geboor or Geburrh) is a mountain that is part of the Macedon Ranges of the Great Dividing Range located in the Central Highlands region of Victoria Australia. The mountain has an elevation of 1001 metres (3284 ft) AHD with a prominence of 643 metres (2110 ft) AHD and is located approximately 65 kilometres (40 mi) northwest of Melbourne.
 The Hakataramea River flows generally south through the Hakataramea Valley which is separated from the more inland Mackenzie Basin by the Kirkliston Range in Canterbury New Zealand.A major tributary of the Waitaki River it flows for 70 kilometres before joining the river from the northeast just below the town of Kurow in the village of Hakataramea.
 The Timbavati River is a river in Mpumalanga Province of South Africa. It flows mostly through the Kruger National Park after entering the Park adjacent to Maroela Caravan Camp 24°27′20″S 31°23′53″E near Orpen Rest Camp. It is a tributary of the Olifants River and the confluence is at 24°3′18″S 31°40′49″E.
 Beinn Dearg Mòr is a peak in the Dundonnell and Fisherfield Forest of the Northwest Highlands in Scotland. It rises to an elevation of 910 metres (2986 ft) above sea level.
 for the Fijian river see Savu River (Fiji)The Savu River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 The Palanca River is a tributary of the Râmnicel River in Romania.
 The Pastena Caves (Italian: Grotte di Pastena) are a remarkable karst cave system located in the municipality of Pastena in the province of Frosinone Lazio. They are remarkable show caves of Italy and among the most notable ones of the region.
 Allipén River is a river located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile. It is formed at the junction of the rivers Trufultruful and Zahuelhue near Melipeuco. The Trufultruful is fed by the Conguillío Lake and other minor lakes located within Conguillío National Park.Allipén's main tributary is Curaco River which receives the waters of Colico Lake through the river of the same name.
 Ruby Mountain is a cinder cone in Stikine Region British Columbia Canada located 23 km northeast of Atlin and 6 km (4 mi) south of Mount Barham. A recent collapse on the volcanoes eastern side created a large landslide which dissects this side of Ruby Mountain. The volcano is the largest feature within the Atlin Volcanic Field.
 The Râul Frasinilor is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 The Enns is a southern tributary of the Danube River joining northward at Enns Austria. The Enns River spans 254 kilometres (158 mi) in a flat-J-shape. It flows from its source near the towns of Gasthofalm and Flachau generally eastward through Radstadt Schladming and Liezen then turns north near Hieflau to flow past Weyer and Ternberg into Steyr and further north to the Danube at Enns (see map in References).
 Cayuse Pass (el. 4675 ft./1425 m.) is a mountain pass in the Cascade Mountains in the state of Washington.The pass is about 32 miles (51 km) southeast of Enumclaw on State Route 410. The intersection with State Route 123 is at the pass.The pass carries State Route 410 and State Route 123 between Packwood and Enumclaw. Because of the high elevation Cayuse Pass is usually closed in November due to very heavy snow and significant avalanche danger.
 Montes Archimedes is a mountain range on the Moon. It is named after the crater Archimedes that lies to the north which in turn has an eponym of the Greek mathematician Archimedes.This group of mountains is located on a plateau in the eastern part of the Mare Imbrium a lunar mare in the northwest quadrant of the Moon's near side. They are bounded on the eastern side by the Palus Putredinis a small mare and to the north by Archimedes.
 The Smoky River is a river in western Alberta Canada. It is a major tributary of the Peace River. The descriptive name refers to the presence of smouldering beds of coal in the riverbank noted by the Cree Indians.Before merging with the Peace River the Smoky River has an average discharge of 130m³/s (11.1 km³/year) from a drainage area of 50300 km². From its headwaters to the Peace River the Smoky River has a total length of 492 kilometres (306 mi) .
 The Stepenitz is a river in the district of Prignitz Brandenburg Germany. It is a right tributary of the Elbe and runs for approximately 84 kilometers. The Dömnitz is a left tributary of the Stepenitz.The Stepenitz's source is about five kilometers south of Meyenburg. Along with the Karthane the Stepenitz flows into the Elbe at Wittenberge.The Gänsetour (geese tour) is an approximately 70 km long bicycle route along the Stepenitz.
 The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Suhurlui River in Romania.
 Mount Sungay also known as Mount Gonzales is a mountain in the Province of Cavite in the Philippines. Located in eastern Tagaytay City the inactive stratovolcano is the highest point of the province of Cavite at 709 metres (2326 ft).
 Varnous or Varnoundas (Greek: Βαρνούντας also called Peristeri) is a mountain in northern Florina regional unit Greece situated between the town of Florina and Lake Prespa and just south of the border with the Republic of Macedonia. Its highest peak named Gkarvani is 2334 m.
 Lake Brosno is a lake situated in the European part of Russia in the Tver region near the town of Andreapol. It is the place where the Brosno dragon is supposed to live. The lake's depth is about 43 meters (140 feet) at its deepest point and it has a sunken church on the western part of it. Strangely the lake carries burbot and perch two species of saltwater fish.
 The Hotaru River is a tributary of the Şicasău River in Romania.
 Tes Lake is a natural tourism attraction in Lebong Regency. It is one of the largest lakes in Indonesia. Lake Tes is the main Hydroelectricity (hydropower) supplier for almost whole of Bengkulu Province. The area of the lake is about 750 Ha. Located at Kutai Donok Village it is approximately an hours travel from Muara Aman and can be reached by most public transportation. The Central Hydroelectricity which is only about 2 km from the lake can be visited.
 Valevatn is a lake in the municipality of Sirdal in Vest-Agder county Norway.
 Piz Lischana is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps overlooking Scuol in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.
 Jabal Gral is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Itadori River (板取川 Itadori-gawa) is a river in Japan which flows through Gifu Prefecture. It is part of the Kiso River system.
 Duncan Canal is a volcanic field located in the middle of the Alaska Panhandle United States. It contains pahoehoe and aa lava flows overlying glacial till at Kupreanof Island. Basaltic lava flows within the Duncan Canal volcanic field are both subaerial and submarine.
 The Puru River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
 The Leurdele River is a tributary of the Lespezel River in Romania.
 South Palmerston Loch or Flush previously known as Loch of the Hill lying to the east of the 500 ft Back o'hill Mount. It was one of several small lochs within the Parish of Ochiltree. The loch lying in a glacial Kettle Hole drained into the Lugar Water via the Burnock Water.
 The Mußbach is a stream nearly 12 miles long in the eastern Palatinate Forest and in the Anterior Palatinate region in the south of German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. The former village of Mußbach (annexed by Neustadt an der Weinstrasse in 1969) was named after it.
 The Porcăreața River is a tributary of the Prislop River in Romania.
 Clark Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation around 9000 feet (2700 m). Clark Glacier is just to the southwest of South Sister an extinct stratovolcano.
 The Țiganu River is a tributary of the Ciocadia River in Romania.
 Steinbeke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Sienniczka is a short 1.5-kilometer river of Poland a tributary of the Gręziniec.
 Wehrau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Pic de l'Aurore (Peak o'Dawn) is a cliff culminating at about 800 feet at the west entrance of the village of Percé on the Gaspé Peninsula Quebec Canada. From its top you can view on both the bay of Gaspé up to the Forillon National Park of Canada and the bay of Percé including the Percé Rock and the Parc national de l'île-Bonaventure-et-du-Rocher-Percé. The Cliff also shares its name with the Au Pic de l'Aurore Village Chalet a lodging facility located about 300 feet below the top.
 The Brünnelistock (2133 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located on the border between the cantons of Schwyz and Glarus. It lies north of the Mutteristock on the range between the Wägitalersee and the Obersee.
 Łęg Rokietnicki is a river of Poland a left tributary of the San.
 The Călugărul River is a tributary of the Horăița River in Romania.
 Woods Canyon Lake is a small lake located in northern Arizona about 30 mi (48 km) east of the city of Payson. It is one in a series of small canyon-bound lakes located on the Mogollon Rim collectively referred to as the Rim Lakes. It is among the more developed and accessible of the Rim Lakes.
 Erbacher Kopf is a Taunus mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Kondurcha (Russian: Кондурча; Tatar Cyrillic: Кондырча Latin: Qondırça) is a river in Samara Oblast and Tatarstan Russian Federation a right-bank tributary of the Sok River. Its length is 294 km (25 of them in Tatarstan) and its drainage basin is 4360 km². It origins in Samara Oblast and falls to the Sok in Samara Oblast.Major tributaries are Shlama Lipovka Rivers. The maximal mineralization 700-800 mg/l. Nurlat stays on the river.
 The Căsuța Mare River is a tributary of the Săuzeni River in Romania.
 Shoemaker is a lunar crater that is located near the southern pole of the Moon within half a crater diameter of Shackleton. It lies to the south of the crater Malapert to the east of Haworth and just to the west of the similar-sized Faustini. The rim of Shoemaker is circular and worn with some small craters along the inner wall.
 The One-Eye River is a river in the parishes of Manchester and St Elizabeth in Jamaica. It is a tributary of the Black River.
 The Schwarzberghorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. Its summit (3610 m) is the tripoint between the valleys of Mattertal Saastal (both in Valais) and Valle Anzasca (in Piedmont) and the southernmost point of the Mischabel-Strahlhorn chain.
 Picco Muzio is a minor summit below the Matterhorn on the Furggen rigde. Because of its small prominence it was included in the enlarged list of alpine four-thousanders.
 Ramsgjelvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Beiarn in Nordland county Norway. The lake is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) northeast of Høyforsmoen and about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) southeast of Moldjord.
 Burbank Western Channel (also known as Burbank Western Wash) is a 6.3-mile-long (10.1 km) tributary of the Los Angeles River in the eastern San Fernando Valley of Los Angeles County California.The stream begins at the confluence of Hansen Heights Channel and La Tuna Canyon Lateral in Sun Valley. It runs adjacent to Interstate 5 for most of its length and is entirely encased in a concrete flood control channel.
 The Pârâul Noroios is a tributary of the Ilieni River in Romania.
 The Ungeheuersee in the Palatinate Forest of Germany is a raised bog pond surrounded by mixed forest which is located about three kilometres west-southwest of the village of Weisenheim am Berg.
 The Libărțana River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 Neith crater is a crater on Jupiter's moon Ganymede the largest moon in the solar system.Impact features like Neith have been called penepalimpsests by some investigators or dome craters by others and are considered to be transitional between craters and palimpsests. Palimpsests are bright nearly circular patches that are believed to be remnant impact features.
 La Verde is an Italian river whose source is on Montalto in the Aspromonte National Park in Calabria southern Italy. From there the river flows southeast and then flows east before emptying into the Ionian Sea north of Cape Bruzzano.
 The Cozancea River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
 Cayoosh Pass (1275 m / 4183 ft) is a mountain pass in the Lillooet Ranges of the Pacific Ranges of the southern Coast Mountains in British Columbia Canada.
 Chikurachki (Russian: Чикурачки; Japanese: 千倉岳 Chikura-dake) is the highest volcano on Paramushir Island in the northern Kuril islands is actually a relatively small cone constructed on a high Pleistocene volcanic edifice. Oxidized andesitic scoria deposits covering the upper part of the young cone give it a distinctive red color.
 The Cizma Mare River is a tributary of the Botizu River in Romania.
 The Piesau River is a right tributary of the Lichte River in Thuringia Germany and is approximately 7 km long. The name is derived from the municipality of Piesau.
 The Sir Harry Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located on the west side of Huaskin Lake between Grappler Sound and Seymour Inlet north of Port McNeill. It has an area of 18 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains. The range was named for Sir Harry Verney whose son Sir Edmund Verney commanded the HMS Grappler while stationed at the Pacific Station from 1862 to 1866.
 The Sfârcașu River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania. The river is sometimes incorrectly referred to as Fărcașu River.
 Pizzo Solögna is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking the Val Bavona in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It is located south of the Basòdino.
 The Hăpria River ( Hungarian: Herepe-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Naknek River is a stream 35 miles (56 km) long in the Bristol Bay Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. It flows west from Naknek Lake to empty into Kvichak Bay an arm of Bristol Bay. The river and lake are both known for their sockeye and other salmon.The village of King Salmon is near the head of the river; Naknek and South Naknek lie at its mouth on the north and south banks respectively. The head lies within Katmai National Park and Preserve.
 Crinkle Crags is a fell in the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria. It forms part of two major rings of mountains surrounding the valleys of Great Langdale and Upper Eskdale. The name reflects the fell's physical appearance as its summit ridge is a series of five rises and depressions (crinkles) that are very distinctive from the valley floor. In Old English cringol means twisted or wrinkled.
 The Coțofana River is a tributary of the Florei River in Romania.
 Boßler is a 799.7 m mountain in the Swabian Alps Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Sasa River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Dragontail Peak also known as Dragon Tail is a mountain in the Stuart Range in Chelan County Washington. While climbing an adjacent peak Lex Maxwell Bob McCall and Bill Prater remarked that the needles on the crest southwest of the summit resembled a dragon tail. The name was officially accepted in 1955. On the mountain's northeast flank lies Colchuck Lake which drains into Mountaineer Creek and Colchuck Glacier lies below the western slopes of the peak.
 Ranger Peak is a mountain in the U.S. state of Idaho.
 The Jinsha River (Chinese: 金沙江 p Jīnshājiāng Gold Dust River) is the Chinese name for the upper stretches of the Yangtze River. It flows through the provinces of Qinghai Sichuan and Yunnan in western China. The river passes through Tiger Leaping Gorge.It is sometimes grouped together with the Lancang (upper Mekong) and Nu (upper Salween) as the Sanjiang (Three Rivers) area part of which makes up the Three Parallel Rivers of Yunnan Protected Areas.
 The Asse (Assa in Occitan) is a 75.4 km (46.9 mi) long river in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence département southeastern France. Its source is several small streams which converge at Tartonne 12 km (7.5 mi) east of Digne-les-Bains. It flows generally southwest.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Bâlta River in Romania.
 The Poșaga is a small river in the Apuseni Mountains Alba County western Romania. It is a left tributary of the river Arieş. It flows through the municipality Poșaga and joins the Arieș near the village Poşaga de Jos. It is fed by several smaller streams including Incești Săgacea and Belioara.
 Mount Warning (Aboriginal: Wollumbin) is a volcanic plug of the now-gone Tweed Volcano located in Australia 14 kilometres (9 mi) west-south-west of Murwillumbah in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales near the border with Queensland. Due to Mount Warning's proximity to Cape Byron the Australian continent's easternmost point it is the first place on mainland Australia to receive the sun's rays each day.
 The São José dos Cordeiros River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 Mont Bengoué is the highest mountain in Gabon. Mont Bengoué is located in the Ogooué-Ivindo Province.
 Berry Hill 2200 feet (670 m) is a prominent mountain in the Taconic Mountains of western Massachusetts. The mountain is located in Pittsfield State Forest and is traversed by a short spur trail from a park automobile road. The Taconic Crest hiking trail and the multi-use Taconic Skyline Trail are located nearby. The mountain is known for its wild azalea fields. Its slopes are wooded with northern hardwood forest species.
 The Alto Jamari River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Little Mink Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County in Ontario Canada. A Hydro One transmission line crosses over the west end of the lake.The lake is about 0.7 kilometres (0.4 mi) long and 0.35 kilometres (0.2 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 340 metres (1115 ft) about 12 kilometres (7 mi) northeast of the community of Gunter and 18 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of the community of Cloyne.
 Irrenberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is located in Zollernalbkreis.
 The Aluona is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 29.7 kilometres and has a basin area of 123.3 km². Flows into the Nevėžis River.
 The Hiko Range is a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada.
 Pizhma River (Russian: Пижма) is a river in Komi Republic in Russia an arm of the Pechora River. The length of the river is 389 km and the area of its basin is 5470 km². The Pizhma flows southeast out of the Yamozero Lake turns east and then north and joins the Pechora River at Ust-Tsilma where the Tsilma River also joins the Pechora. The river freezes up in late October - early November and stays icebound until late April - early May. The Pizhma is navigable within its lower reaches.
 The Valea lui Brusture River is a tributary of the Bădeni river in Romania.
 The Brak River (Afrikaans: Brakrivier) is a river located in northern Limpopo Province South Africa. It is a tributary of the Sand River (Polokwane).
 The Das Marrecas River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Lysebottnuten is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Mallard Lake is a manmade freshwater lake in the unincorporated community of Hunter's Creek in south Orange County Florida. Originally part the area of the lake and part of the area surrounding the lake was swamp land. The rest was dry land according to topographical maps. The lake was built in or before the early 1990s to serve two Hunter's Creek communities developed in the 1990s.
 Voskresenskiy is a lunar crater that is located near the western limb of the Moon. Due to its position this crater is viewed edge-on limiting the amount of detail that can be viewed. The visibility of this formation is also affected by libration so that at times this crater is hidden from sight while at other times it can be more readily viewed.The crater is located to the southeast of the walled plains Röntgen and Lorentz.
 The Caribou Mountains are a mountain range in northern Alberta Canada surrounding a saucer-shaped elevated plateau that rises 700 m (2297 ft) above the surrounding lowlands. The Caribou Mountains reach an elevation of up to 1030 m (3379 ft) making them the highest in northern Alberta.
 The Valea Calului River is a tributary of the Pogăniş River in Romania.
 The Julița River ( Hungarian: Gyulica-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Lake Oingo is one of two small lakes (the other being Lake Runanga) located northwest to the city of Hastings in the Hawke's Bay Region of the eastern North Island of New Zealand.
 This article is about the lake. For the village of the same name see Brady Lake Ohio.Brady Lake is a natural lake located in Portage County Ohio United States. It is a kettle lake and has no tributaries or outlets. The majority of the lake lies within the boundaries of the village of Brady Lake while the remainder is in Franklin Township.
 The Pike River is an 11.6-mile-long (18.7 km) stream in Houghton County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The river begins in Portage Township at 46°56′28″N 88°35′38″W flows northeast into Chassell Township and empties into Pike Bay of Portage Lake at 47°01′21″N 88°31′26″W near the community of Chassell.The Sturgeon River runs to the east and for its entire course the Pike River is within approximately 3 miles (5 km) of the Sturgeon River both converging in Portage Lake.
 Portuguesa River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin and is a tributary of the Apure River (which is in turn a tributary of the Orinoco).
 Bug Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Boot Pond is a 76-acre (310000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts within the Eel River watershed. The pond is located west of South Pond village northwest of Gunners Exchange Pond and Hoyts Pond and north of Myles Standish State Forest. The pond is a secondary municipal water supply for the Town of Plymouth.
 Taehwasan (Gyeonggi-do) is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 641 metres
 Musreau Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 The Pârâul Negru is a tributary of the Ciobănuș River in Romania.
 Lippmann is a large lunar impact crater in the southern part of the far side of the Moon and so cannot be viewed directly from the Earth. Just to the northeast is the walled plain Mendel only slightly smaller than Lippmann. To the south-southeast lies the crater Petzval.As with many lunar formations of this size Lippmann has been eroded by subsequent impacts. The southeastern part of the rim has been overlain by the satellite crater Lippmann L which in turn has become worn and eroded.
 The Săpânța River is a tributary of the Tisa River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Săpâncioara and Valea Mlăcii
 Lake Magaguadavic (meaning lake of eels in Mi'kmaq) is a lake in south-western New Brunswick Canada. It lies primarily in Prince William Parish but small parts of it extend into neighbouring Dumfries Parish and McAdam Parish all in York County. The lake is home to smallmouth bass and landlocked salmon.
 The Cuca River is a headwater of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 The Valea cu Nuci River is a tributary of the Terebici River in Romania.
 The Sturii Mici River is a tributary of the Priboiașa River in Romania.
 Tunnsjøen (Southern Sami: Dåtnejaevrie) is a lake in the municipalities of Røyrvik and Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The 100.18-square-kilometre (38.68 sq mi) lake lies just south of the large lake Limingen and just west of the border with Sweden. It is 358 metres (1175 ft) above sea level and has a volume of 8.68 cubic kilometres (2.08 cu mi). The deepest part of the lake is 220 metres (720 ft) deep. It is the seventh largest lake in Norway.
 Paqu Kiwuta (Aymara paqu / p'aqu light brown reddish fair-haired dark chestnut kiwuta canine tooth or tusk -ta nominal Aymara suffix to indicate the direction (from) from the brown canine (or tusk) hispanicized spellings Pacokeuta Paco Keuta Pakokiuta Pakokiwuta) is a mountain in the Andes about 5589 m (18337 ft) high located in the Cordillera Real of Bolivia in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Batallas Municipality Kirani Canton.
 The Chalk Mountains are a mountain range in Humboldt County California.
 The Bonnet Carré Spillway is a flood control operation in the Lower Mississippi Valley. Located in St. Charles Parish Louisiana - about 12 miles (19 km) west of New Orleans - it allows floodwaters from the Mississippi River to flow into Lake Pontchartrain and thence into the Gulf of Mexico. The construction of the spillway was completed in 1931.
 Deadman Summit is a mountain pass in the Sierra Nevada in Mono County California. It crosses the northern rim of the Long Valley Caldera connecting the northern end of the Owens River watershed with Mono Lake via U.S.
 Mururé River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 Mount Washington is a mountain in White Pine County in the state of Nevada. The mountain climbs to an elevation of 11658 feet (3553 m) and is in Great Basin National Park.Land near the summit and adjoining the national park was purchased in 2001 by The Long Now Foundation as a potential site for the Clock of the Long Now.
 Bettowynd Creek a partly perennial stream of the Moruya River catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands and South Coast regions of New South Wales Australia.
 Cracker (benchmark) (9833 feet (2997 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Cracker is a benchmark summit located on a ridgeline (.5 miles (1 km)) northeast of Mount Siyeh.
 Telen River is a river of Borneo Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Mahakam River.
 The Pârâul Alb River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 Nevado Queva is a mountain in the Andes mountain range of South America located in the Salta Province of Argentina. Queva has a summit elevation of 6140 metres (20144 ft) above sea level.
 The Fraser River is a tributary of the Colorado River approximately 32.5 miles (52.3 km) long in north central Colorado in the United States. It drains large portion of the Middle Park basin in Grand County in the Rocky Mountains west of Boulder and southwest of Rocky Mountain National Park. It rises at the continental divide on the north side of Berthoud Pass in the Arapaho National Forest.
 Lac du Val is a lake in the Jura department of France.
 Mount Sniktau is a mountain peak in the western United States the 448th highest peak in the state of Colorado at 13240 feet (4036 m) above sea level. A thirteener it is located west of Denver along the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains and the Continental Divide within Clear Creek County. Its parent peak is Grizzly Peak located mainly in adjacent Summit County.
 The Eglinton River is located in the region of Southland in the southwest of New Zealand. It flows through Fiordland National Park for 50 kilometres. Its headwaters are at Lake Gunn 25 kilometres east of Milford Sound and it flows generally south before entering Lake Te Anau along the lake's eastern shore opposite the entrance to North Fiord.For much of its length the Eglinton is accompanied by the only road in the region State Highway 94 from Te Anau to Milford Sound.
 Anamudi or Anaimudi (ആനമുടി Malayalam pronunciation: ​[aːnɐmʊɖi]) is located in the Indian state Kerala. It is the highest peak in the Western Ghats and South India at an elevation of 2695 metres (8842 ft) and a topographic prominence of 2479 metres (8133 ft).
 Lake Paiku (or Peiku) -- in Tibetan Paiku-Tso or -Tsho—is at 4591 meters (15070 ft) elevation on the Tibetan Plateau at 28°55′N 85°35′E 18 km south of the Yarlung Tsangpo (Brahmaputra) River. The lake is 27 km (17 mi) long and 6 km (3.7 mi) wide at its narrowest. It is surrounded by mountains reaching 5700 to 6000 meters (19 to 20000 ft).
 The Thornapple River (GNIS ID #1075813) is an 88.1-mile-long (141.8 km) tributary of Michigan's longest river the Grand River. The Thornapple rises in Eaton County Michigan and drains a primarily rural farming area in Central Michigan. It joins the Grand in Ada Michigan 10 miles (16 km) east of Grand Rapids.
 Agatharchides is a lunar crater located at the southern edge of Oceanus Procellarum in the region between the Mare Humorum and Mare Nubium. To the east-southeast is the crater Bullialdus and to the south-southwest lies Loewy. It is named after the Greek geographer Agatharchides. The interior of the crater has been inundated by lava in the past resurfacing the floor. The damaged outer wall varies considerably in height ranging from level with the surface to rising as high as 1.5 km.
 Zimina volcano (Russian: Вулкан Зимина) or Zimin is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It comprises two peaks: Ovalnaya Zimina and Ostraya Zimina.
 Mount Hector is a mountain in Banff National Park Canada. The mountain was named in 1884 by George M. Dawson after James Hector a geologist on the Palliser Expedition. The mountain is located beside the Icefields Parkway 17 km (11 mi) north of Lake Louise.The first ascent was made in 1895 by Philip S. Abbot Charles Fay and Charles S. Thompson.
 The Plaiu River or Lăpușnic River ( Hungarian: Laposnyak-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Kühruhgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Stearns is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. Unlike many lunar craters this is a relatively fresh and well-defined impact feature with little appearance of erosion. The rim edge is sharp and roughly circular with some unevenness. The inner walls are simple slopes down to piles of talus along the base. At the midpoint of the somewhat uneven interior floor is a central peak.This crater is located about mid-way between Appleton to the northwest and Nušl to the southeast.
 The Do Peixe River (Moji-Guaçu River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Pârâul Porcului is a tributary of the Ciugud River in Romania.
 Pizzo Straciugo is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies east of the Portjengrat on the range between the Val Divedro (Valais) and Domodossola (Piedmont).
 Bayou Macon is a bayou in Arkansas and Louisiana United States. It begins in Desha County Arkansas and flows south between the Boeuf River to its west and the Mississippi River to its east before joining the Tensas River south of Delhi in Richland Parish Louisiana. Bayou Macon is about 218 miles (351 km) long.L. D.
 The Sota is a river of northern Bénin flowing through the departments of Borgou and Alibori. It is a tributary of the Niger River. The river is approximately 250 km in length and covers a basin area of 15000 km2 and flows through towns such as Malanville.
 Acurauá River is a river of Acre and Amazonas states in western Brazil.
 The Paulic River is a tributary of the Ruscova River in Romania.
 The Islington Branch Canal was a short canal branch at Ancoats in north-west England which joined the main line of the Ashton Canal between locks 1 and 2.
 The Tell Atlas (Arabic: الاطلس التلي‎) is a mountain chain over 1500 kilometers in length belonging to the Atlas mountain ranges in North Africa stretching from Morocco through Algeria to Tunisia. The ranges of this system have average elevations of about 1500 m and form a natural barrier between the Mediterranean and the Sahara.
 Macauã River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 The Ralfes Creek a perennial stream that is part of the Hastings River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Nierbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Penhill (546m) is a prominent hill in the north Pennines in England. A ridge that commands the southern side of the river valley its concave shape was formed during the last ice age when glaciers carved the Ure river valley into a U-shape. The hill is accessible by bridleway or alternatively by foot over open access land.
 Altefeld is a river of Hesse Germany. It has a length of 300 km.
 Nevill Bay is a long and narrow waterway in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in northwestern Hudson Bay between Rankin Inlet and Whale Cove approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) south of Tavani. The Ferguson River empties into the bay opposite Bibby Island.
 Soppulsan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1118 metres.
 The Jacaré River (Piquiri River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Murpheys Bluff is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the North West end of the Frankland Range jutting out towards the East from the range towards the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is directly East of The Citadel and North West of Cleft Peak. It towers above Bluff Tarn to the North West.
 Wellington Lake is a lake situated in the Tittakudi taluk of the Cuddalore district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is the second largest lake in Tamil Nadu after the Veeranam Lake which also is situated in the Cuddalore district.It is primarily a rain-fed lake while its main tributary is the Vellar river that originates from the Shevaroy Hills.
 The San Joaquin River /ˈsæn wɑːˈkiːn/ is the largest river of Central California in the United States. The 366-mile (589 km) long river starts in the high Sierra Nevada and flows through a rich agricultural region known as the San Joaquin Valley before reaching Suisun Bay San Francisco Bay and the Pacific Ocean.
 The Skootamatta River is a river in the Lake Ontario drainage basin in Hastings and Lennox and Addington Counties in Ontario Canada. It flows from Joeperry Lake to join the Moira River in Tweed. The river's name is thought to come from Ojibwa words meaning burnt shoreline.
 The Lácar Lake (Spanish: Lago Lácar) is a lake of glacial origin in the province of Neuquén Argentina. It is enclosed in a mountain range of the Andes at 630 m above mean sea level approximately at 40°11′S 71°32′W. The area around the lake is mostly uninhabited except for the small city of San Martín de los Andes on its northeastern coast.The lake has a surface area of 55 km² and a mean depth of 167 m with a maximum of 277 m. Its catchment basin comprises 1048 km².
 The Pinega (Russian: Пинега) is a river in Verkhnetoyemsky Pinezhsky and Kholmogorsky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Northern Dvina River. It is 779 kilometres (484 mi) long and the area of its basin 42600 square kilometres (16400 sq mi).
 The Valea Lupului River is a tributary of the Holbav River in Romania.
 Williams is the remnant of a lunar crater that lies to the south of the prominent crater Hercules in the northeastern part of the Moon. The southern rim borders the Lacus Somniorum a small lunar mare that extends to the south and west. To the southwest is the sharp-rimmed crater Grove.Little remains of the original crater besides a low curving ridge. The rim has been nearly destroyed along the northwest face leaving only a few ridges in the surface.
 Santa Rita Peak is a mountain located in the Diablo Range of California in San Benito County a shorth distance to the west of the Fresno County line and 3 miles (5 km) southeast of San Benito Mountain. Cantua Creek has its source on its northern slope. The San Benito River has its source on its southeastern slopes.
 The Drahmirov River is a tributary of the Ruscova River in Romania.
 The Guaonica River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Hawthorne is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 107 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Hawthorne is named for the American novelist Nathaniel Hawthorne who lived from 1804 to 1864.
 Piz Mez is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps located south of Savognin in the canton of Graubünden.
 Cochran Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Buchan Caves are a group of limestone caves that include the Royal Cave and the Fairy Cave located south-west of Buchan in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria. They have a total length of between 3 and 4 kilometres (1.9 and 2.5 mi) and six entrances. The limestone rock at Buchan was laid down during the Devonian period about 300 – 400 million years ago. At the time the sea covered this area of East Gippsland which was alive with shellfish and coral.
 The Little Marais River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Rainy River is a short river of the northeastern Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north from the Richmond Range into the Pelorus River which it reaches five kilometres west of Pelorus Bridge.
 Sharonov is a lunar impact crater that lies on the Moon's far side. It is located to the southeast of the crater Anderson and to the southwest of the ray-covered Virtanen. To the south-southeast of Sharonov lies Valier.This crater is roughly circular with a slight outward bulge along the southern rim. The rim edge is well-defined and has not been significantly degraded as a result of impact erosion.
 Lingmell is a fell in the English Lake District standing above the village of Wasdale Head. It is an outlier on the north-west flank of Scafell Pike England's highest mountain.
 The Kurupung River is a river of Guyana.
 The Pădureni River is a tributary of the Calva River in Romania.
 Garlaban is a hill which looks out to Aubagne. The summit is 715 metres high although its highest point is the butte des pinsots (731 m).It can be seen from most of the southern part of Bouches-du-Rhône from Marseille to the valley of Huveaune through to the motorway in Toulon and the one in Aix-en-Provence. In the past seamen from Marseille used to look to it to find direction.
 Diamond Head is the name of a volcanic tuff cone on the Hawaiian island of Oʻahu and known to Hawaiians as Lēʻahi most likely from lae 'browridge promontory' plus ʻahi 'tuna' because the shape of the ridgeline resembles the shape of a tuna's dorsal fin. Its English name was given by British sailors in the 19th century who mistook calcite crystals embedded in the rock for diamonds.
 Seatallan is a mountain in the western part of the English Lake District. It is rounded grassy and fairly unassuming occupying a large amount of land. However it is classed as a Marilyn because of the low elevation of the col connecting it to Haycock its nearest higher neighbour to the north. The name Seatallan is believed to have a Cumbric origin meaning Aleyn's high pasture.
 Monte Matto is a 3097-metre (10161 ft) high mountain in Piedmont in the province of Cuneo. It is part of the Maritime Alps dividing the Maris and Gesso della Valletta valleys. The mountain's peak consisting of a ridge with four aligned peaks can be seen from most of Cuneo's plain.
 Walluf is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Stănija River is a tributary of the Valea Satului River in Romania.
 Little Bonnet Lake in Highlands County Florida is about 1000 ft (305 m) west of Lake Letta and about twice as far south of Lake Lotela. This lake is bounded on the southwest by a rail line and on the southeast and part of the north side by citrus groves. Woods are on the east part of the west and part of the north. A golf course borders Little Bonnet Lake on the northwest.On the lake's northeast shore is a public boat ramp that is reached by going through the area's golf course.
 Wildensee is a lake in Upper Austria in the Salzkammergut resort region. The lake is about 1535 metres above sea level in the Totes Gebirge mountains.
 The Pietrele River is a tributary of the Vâja River in Romania.
 The Barra Grande River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Lami River is a river of Viti Levu Fiji.
 The Mbirurume (also called Bilirume Biruruma Birurume Bitirume) is a river in western Rwanda that is a tributary of the Nyabarongo River.The Mbirurume rises in forested country in southern Rwanda to the east of the Congo-Nile Divide.It originates in the extreme north of the Nyungwe National Park in the Nyamagabe District.It flows in a northeast direction entering Karongi District and passes Mukungu to the west then runs in a northeast direction along the border between Nyamagabe and Karongi districts. 
 The Corrente River (Paranã River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Albis Pass (el.
 Türlersee is a lake in the district of Affoltern Canton of Zurich Switzerland. It lies on the border of the municipalities of Aeugst and Hausen am Albis at an elevation of 643 m. The lake has an area of 0.49 km² (maximum length 1.4 km width 500 m).
 The Bobonaza River is a river in Ecuador. It drains into the Pastaza River and ultimately (via the Marañón River) into the Amazon River at Iquitos in Peru.Its course runs mostly through Amazonian tropical rainforest much of which is still sparsely populated. One of the few notable settlements along the Bobonaza River is Sarayaku.
 Illsee is a natural lake used as a reservoir above Sierre in the Valais Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.21 km². Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Laguna Jara is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 191 m its surface area is 16.5 km².
 Laguna de Calderas is a crater lake in the municipality of Amatitlán Guatemala Guatemala. It is located approximately 6 km south of Lake Amatitlán and 3 km north of the currently active vent of the Pacaya volcano. The lake has a surface area of 11 ha and is situated at an altitude of 1778 m.
 The C.W. Bill Young Regional Reservoir is a 15.5 billion US gallons (59000000 m3) reservoir which collects water from the Alafia and Hillsborough Rivers in central Florida. It is named for C.W. Bill Young the U.S. Congressman from Florida's 10th congressional district. Tampa Bay Water the regional water authority for Hillsborough Pinellas and Pasco counties worked for nearly a decade in constructing the reservoir which was completed in June 2005 and officially opened on 15 October 2005.
 Lake Errock is a lake at the community of the same name located between Chehalis and Deroche in the Upper Fraser Valley of the Lower Mainland region of British Columbia Canada. It lies southwest of Harrison Bay a sidewater of the Harrison River west of Chehalis and is separated from the nearby Fraser River by a large rocky hill. Originally named Squakum Lake the name was adapted to that of the Lake Errock Post Office in 1964.
 The Paraná River (Spanish: Río Paraná Portuguese: Rio Paraná) is a river in south Central South America running through Brazil Paraguay and Argentina for some 4880 kilometres (3030 mi). It is second in length only to the Amazon River among South American rivers. The name Paraná is an abbreviation of the phrase para rehe onáva which comes from the Tupi language and means like the sea (that is as big as the sea).
 Crib-y-rhiw is a top of Y Llethr and a ridge in the Rhinogydd of Snowdonia north Wales. The summit stradles a thin ridge connecting Y Llethr to Diffwys.
 The Amanian Gate (Latin: Amani Portae) or Bahçe Pass (Turkish: Bahçe Geçidi) also known as the Amanus Pass or Amanides Pylae (Ἀμανίδες or Ἀμανικαί Πύλαι 'Amanus Gates') is a mountain pass located in the Osmaniye Province in south-central Turkey. The pass provides a way through the northern Amanus Mountains (modern Nur Mountains) connecting Cilicia to southern Anatolia and northern Syria.
 The Rio Grande (Panama) is a river of Panama.
 The Broken Hills is a range of low-lying mountains and ridges in northern Fauquier County Virginia.The range begins just to the west of the southern Bull Run Mountains north of Warrenton Virginia and continues westward to the eastern edge of Blue Ridge Mountain. Interstate 66 and Virginia State Route 55 run just north of the range while US-211 runs to the south.
 The Pârâul Rupturilor is a tributary of the Secu River in Romania.
 Ambrose Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is about 1200 metres (3937 ft) long and 300 metres (984 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 346 metres (1135 ft) about 13.5 kilometres (8.4 mi) northwest of the community of Schreiber. The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to the Whitesand River between Longcanoe Lake and Hornblende Lake.
 Lake Rotoma is the fourth largest lake of the 11 lakes in the Rotorua Lakes district or the Hot Lakes district as it was known in the early decades of the 20th century. The Rotorua lakes are located in New Zealand's North Island in the Bay of Plenty Region. Lake Rotoma is the easternmost in the chain of three lakes to the northeast of Lake Rotorua The other two are Lake Rotoiti and Lake Rotoehu.
 The Calderwood Hills el. 2799 feet (853 m) is a set of hills northeast of Glasgow Montana in Valley County Montana.
 Vincents Lake is a lake close to the northern coast of Nova Scotia about 40km north of Antigonish town in Antigonish County Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Quanchus Range is a subrange of the Nechako Plateau in the Interior of British Columbia Canada located on the north end of Tweedsmuir North Provincial Park and Protected Area. It is almost completely an island after the creation of the Nechako Reservoir. Its two main summits are Michel Peak (2260m) and Tweedsmuir Peak (2194m).
 Katzenstein is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Barry Burn otherwise known as Pitairlie Burn is a minor river in Angus Scotland. It rises in the eastern portion of the Sidlaw Hills and flows past Newbigging through Barry and the western part of Carnoustie before taking a meandering course through Carnoustie Golf Links.
 The Hutchinson River is a freshwater stream located in Southern Westchester County New York.
 Lake Nyer (Tibetan: ཉེར་མཚོ Wylie: nyer mtsho; Chinese: 聂尔错; pinyin: Niè'ěr Cuò) is a plateau lake in Gê'gyai County，Tibet Autonomous Region southwest of China. The lake has a total area of about 33 square kilometers. Lying nearly 4399 metres above sea level.
 Nag Tibba ('Serpent's Peak') 3022 metres (9915 ft) is the highest peak in the lesser himalayan region of Uttarakhand state (Garhwal Division) and lends its name to the 'Nag Tibba Range' itself the next-northerly of the five folds of the Himalaya. It is situated 16 km (9.9 mi) away from Landour cantonment and around 57 km from Mussoorie in Tehri Garhwal region of Uttarakhand.
 The Agriș River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
 Lough Oughter (Irish: Loch Uachtair) is a lake or complex of lakes in County Cavan covering approximately 8931 hectares. It is on the River Erne and forms the southern part of the Lough Erne complex.
 Monte Fasce is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the province of Genoa. It lies at an altitude of 832 metres.
 Lake Syväri (Finnish: Syväri) is a medium-sized lake in Finland. It is located in the Northern Savonia region in Finland in the municipalities of Kuopio and Lapinlahti. The lake belongs to the Vuoksi main catchment area.
 The Iezerul Mic is a headwater of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Attoyac Bayou is a river in Texas.
 Mount Le Conte (or LeConte) is a mountain located in the Sierra Nevada of California. The boundary between Inyo and Tulare counties runs along the crest of the Sierra across Mount Le Conte. The mountain was named in 1895 for Joseph LeConte (1823–1901) the first professor of geology and natural history at the University of California.
 The Makuri River is a river of the south of New Zealand's North Island. It flows from the Puketoi Range in the northern Wairarapa initially flowing southwest (this stretch is usually known as Makuri Stream). after some 15 kilometres it turns northwest reaching the waters of the Tiraumea River five kilometres southeast of Pahiatua.
 The Humoria River is a tributary of the Șomuzul Mare River in Romania.
 The Pinhal River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Storegrønut is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Heron Lake is a reservoir in Rio Arriba County in northern New Mexico in the southwestern United States. The lake is part of the San Juan-Chama Project which transfers water from the upper reaches of the San Juan River through the 12.8-mile (20.6 km) Azotea Tunnel (and under the Continental Divide) into Willow Creek and the Rio Chama (and ultimately into the Rio Grande).
 Pizzo Bellavista is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 3922 metres.it:Pizzo Bellavista
 The Merri River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It is one of two rivers flowing through Warrnambool to Bass Strait the other being Hopkins River. Its name is an Aboriginal word meaning rocky.
 Lake Howard is a fresh water lake located in Winter Haven Florida. The lake is part of the headwaters of the Peace River watershed. Lake Howard is a prominent lake in Winter Haven's Chain of Lakes. Lake Howard is on the southern chain of lakes. It is connected to Lake Cannon to the north-west and Lake May to the south-east. Lake Howard has a surface area of 624 acres.
 The Midou or Midour (/midu/ Occitan: Midor) is the left precursor of the Midouze in the Southwest of France.
 The Zemeș River is a tributary of the Tazlăul Sărat River in Romania.
 Gronau (Pinnau) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Sölk Pass (el. 1788 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Styria.It crosses the Niedere Tauern and connects the Mur River valley with the Enns River valley.The pass road is a secondary highway and is not cleared in winter. Nearby passes include Radstädter Tauern Pass and the Tauern Tunnel to the west and Triebener Tauern Pass to the east.
 Lebrija River is a river of northern Colombia. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 The Techere Olt is a tributary of the Pădureni River in Romania.
 Mount Komaki (小牧山 Komakiyama) is an 86 m (282 ft) high mountain located in the city of Komaki Aichi Prefecture Japan. At one point the mountain was topped with the original Komakiyama Castle built by Oda Nobunaga. However in modern days the entire mountain has become a historical park well known for its sakura trees. The current castle was built in 1967 as a recreation of Nobunaga's castle.
 Torricelli is a lunar crater in the eastern part of the Sinus Asperitatis to the south of the Mare Tranquillitatis. The western rim of the crater is broken open and joined to a smaller crater to the west. The entire formation has a pear-shaped appearance. Torricelli lies in the northeastern part of a circular formation of rises in the lunar mare possibly the remains of a crater formation buried by lava.
 The Grand Bénare is a volcanic peak on the island of Réunion located in the Western part of the island overlooking the Cirque de Mafate and Cirque de Cilaos.It is the third highest peak on the island after the Piton des Neiges and the Gros Morne.
 The Hinterer Brunnenkogel is a mountain in the Weisskamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Of the several caves of Aruba three Aruban caves are well known seen in deep crevices on the windward face of the island. All three of the caves are located in the Arikok National Park. The most prominent are Guadirikiri Cave the Fontein Cave and the Huliba Cave.
 Clinker Peak is a stratovolcano in the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt British Columbia Canada. It is located on the west shoulder of Mount Price on the west side of Garibaldi Lake. It's considered a volcanic vent of Mount Price and has produced two large lava flows approximately 9000 years ago that ponded against the retreating continental ice sheet and formed The Barrier containing Garibaldi Lake.
 The Tauherenikau River is a river of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows initially southeast from its sources on the slopes of Mount Hector before turning southwest to run down a long valley in the tararua Range. from the end of the valley it again turns southeast flowing past the town of Featherston before reaching the northern shore of Lake Wairarapa.
 Beerbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Quetrupillán Volcano is a stratovolcano located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile. It is situated between Villarrica and Lanín volcanoes within Villarrica National Park. Geologically Quetrupillán is located in a tectonic basement block between the main traces of Liquiñe-Ofqui Fault (to the west) and Reigolil-Pirihueico Fault (to the east).
 Lake Seminole is a reservoir located in the southwest corner of Georgia along its border with Florida maintained by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The Chattahoochee and Flint rivers join in the lake before flowing from the Jim Woodruff Lock and Dam which impounds the lake as the Apalachicola River. The lake contains 37500 acres (152 km2) of water and has a shoreline of 376 mi (605 km).
 Lake Valley is a 60-mile (97 km) long valley in northeast Lincoln County Nevada. The North Lake Valley is an endorheic basin; South Lake Valley contains Patterson Wash a northwest headwater tributary to the Meadow Valley Wash; the northeast headwater section of Meadow Valley Wash is a shorter drainage coming from the south of the Wilson Creek Range the northeast border of South Lake Valley.The water divide between the North & South sub-valleys is about halfway between both sections.
 Biscayne Bay (Bahía Vizcaína in Spanish) is a lagoon that is approximately 35 miles (56 km) long and up to 8 miles (13 km) wide located on the Atlantic coast of South Florida United States. It is usually divided for purposes of discussion and analysis into three parts: North Bay Central Bay and South Bay. Its area is 428 square miles (1110 km2).
 The Ungureni River or Libotin River is a headwater of the Rotunda River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Izvorul Coşului and Izvorul Rece
 The Sălciuţa River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Wildebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Batman River is a major tributary of the Tigris joining it near the source of Tigris called Dicle River in southeast Turkey. It originates in the Anti-Taurus Mountains (at the Sason and Genç mountains) and flows approximately from north to south passing near the city of Batman and forming a natural border between the Batman Province and Diyarbakır Province. The historic Malabadi Bridge (built in 1146–1147) crosses the river near the town of Silvan.
 The Omitlán River is a river of Mexico.
 The Coșteiu-Chizătău Canal is a canal starting in the Timiş River and emerging in the Tisza in Romania.
 The East Branch Delaware River approximately 75 miles (120 km) long in the U.S. state of New York is one of two branches along with the West Branch that join to form the Delaware River. It flows through a mountainous area on the southwestern edge of the Catskill Park. For a long stretch it serves as the Blue Line the park's boundary. Much of it is paralleled by state highway NY 30The river is a popular destination for fly fishing for brown trout.
 Sendener Bach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Valea Rugului River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 The Ross River Dam is located at the end of Riverway Drive in the city of Townsville Australia and is the major water supply for the region. It was constructed by Leighton Holdings in 1971 for the purposes of flood mitigation and water storage.
 The Callery River is a river of New Zealand. It lies mostly within Westland Tai Poutini National Park and is a tributary of the Waiho River. The Callery flows west from the Callery Saddle for 12 kilometres before turning north to reach the Waiho close to Franz Josef township.
 The Camelsfoot Range is a sub-range of the Chilcotin Ranges subdivision of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in British Columbia.* The range is c. 90 km at its maximum length and less than 30 km wide at its widest.
 Ashtamudi Lake (Ashtamudi Kayal) in the Kollam District of Kerala India is the second largest and deepest wetland ecosystem a palm-shaped (also called octopus-shaped) large water body next only to the Vembanad estuary ecosystem of the state. Ashtamudi means 'eight coned'(Ashta = 'eight'; mudi = 'coned') in the local language of Malayalam. This name is indicative of the lake's topography: a lake with multiple branches.
 Cocalico Creek is a 27.2-mile-long (43.8 km) tributary of the Conestoga River in Lebanon and Lancaster counties in Pennsylvania in the United States. The source is at an elevation of 1320 feet (400 m) near Stricklerstown in Millcreek Township Lebanon County. The mouth is the confluence with the Conestoga River at an elevation of 278 feet (85 m) at Talmage in West Earl Township Lancaster County.The name of the creek comes from the Lenape meaning snake dens.
 The Suleva is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 20 kilometres and has a basin area of 43 km².
 The Pârâul Turnului is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
 The West Branch Carrabassett River is a short tributary of the Carrabassett River in Franklin County Maine. From the confluence of Quick Stream with a small stream (44°54′02″N 70°16′41″W) in Salem the river runs 11.1 miles (17.9 km) northeast to its mouth in Kingfield.
 Howard Lake is a natural lake in northwestern Mendocino County California located in the Mendocino National Forest at an elevation of 3852 feet (1174 m). It covers an area of 20 acres (8.1 ha). The lake hosts a small campground and is a popular primitive camping experience. In some years the U.S. Forest Service stocks the lake with rainbow trout.Howard Lake should not be confused with the lake of the same name located 21 miles (34 km) to the southwest.
 Jackson is a prominent lunar impact crater that is located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. Less than one crater to the northeast is the crater Mineur and to the south-southwest lies McMath.This crater lies at the center of a large ray system. A skirt of higher-albedo material covers the surface within one crater diameter with a slightly darker band along the outer ramparts.
 Kaiser is a lunar crater. It lies in the crater-riddled terrain in the southern part of the Moon's near side. The crater is nearly attached to the northeast rim the slightly larger crater Fernelius and the two are separated by an irregular patch of ground only a few kilometers wide. To the northwest of Kaiser lies Nonius a crater remnant.The rim of this crater is heavily worn from impact erosion and the features have been generally softened and rounded.
 Höh Serkh (Mongolian: Хөх сэрх lit. blue he-goat) with a latitude of 48.05 (48° 3' 2 N) and a longitude of 90.87 (90° 51' 59 E) is a mountain located in west Mongolia. The highest peak is the Takhilt.
 Carrock Fell is a fell in the English Lake District situated in the northern region of the national park 13 kilometres north east of Keswick. The fell's name means Rock Fell from the Cumbric carrec meaning a rock and Old Norse fjall meaning a fell.
 Alte Emscher is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 White Horse Bluff is a subaqueous volcano in Wells Gray Provincial Park east-central British Columbia Canada.
 Ifta is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Sutton Salt Lake in Otago is New Zealand's only salt water lake.The lake is filled only by rainwater and dries up during periods of warm weather and little rain.Sutton Salt Lake is also unique in that it lies in a region of windy cool-temperate maritime climate. This makes it different from most of the world's saline lakes which usually form in arid continental landscapes. The total are of the lake when the shallow depression is filled with rainwater is nearly two hectares.
 Von Neumann is a lunar impact crater that lies on the far side of the Moon in the northern hemisphere. It is nearly attached to the south-southeastern rim of the walled plain Campbell. The crater Ley is attached to the northeastern rim of Von Neumann and is somewhat overlain by the outer rampart. To the west is the prominent Wiener and to the south-southwest is Nikolayev.This crater has a wide inner wall with multiple terraces.
 Fryken is a chain of three lakes in Värmland Sweden: Upper Middle and Lower Fryken. The lakes are separated by two sounds Sunnesundet and Nilsbysundet. The total length of Fryken is 80 km but it is only 3 km wide at the widest part. The maximum depth is 120 meters and it is located at 62 meters above sea level. Fryken is drained by Norsälven.
 Bear Peak at 9525 feet (2903 m) above sea level is a peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest in Blaine County. It is located about 4.6 mi (7.4 km) east of Baker Peak. No roads or trails go to the summit.
 The Arpaș River (Hungarian: Árpás-patak) is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It starts at the junction of two headwaters: Arpaşul Mare and Podragu
 The Jeravăț River or Jarovăț River or Jăravăț River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 The Limpopo River rises in central southern Africa and flows generally eastwards to the Indian Ocean. The term Limpopo is the modified version of the original Sepedi name diphororo tša meetse meaning ″gushing strong waterfalls.″ The river is approximately 1750 kilometres (1087 mi) long with a drainage basin 415000 square kilometres (160200 sq mi) in size. The mean annual discharge is 170 m³/s (6200 cu ft/s) at its mouth.
 Henrys Fork is a tributary river of the Snake River approximately 127 miles (204 km) long in southeastern Idaho in the United States. It is also referred to as the North Fork of the Snake River. Its drainage basin is 3212 square miles (8320 km2) including its main tributary the Teton River.
 The Măcica River is a tributary of the Danca River in Romania.
 Moore Creek is a creek in the St. Lawrence River drainage basin in South Algonquin Nipissing District and Hastings Highlands Hastings County in Ontario Canada.
 Port de Cabús (el. 2302 m.) is a mountain pass in the Pyrenees on the Andorran-Spanish border connecting the parish of La Massana with Alins. The road is paved on the Andorra side but not on the Spanish side.
 The Nab is a fell in the English Lake District. It has a moderate height of 576 metres (1890 feet) and lies in the quieter eastern high ground between Ullswater and Haweswater Reservoir. The Nab is included in Alfred Wainwright's list of Lakeland fells and many walkers feel compelled to climb it to complete their list of 'Wainwrights' even though it is not a significant fell and is awkward to reach.
 The Pleșu River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Herdlefjorden is a fjord in Hordaland county Norway. The 20-kilometre (12 mi) long fjord runs between the islands of Holsnøy (in Meland municipality) and Askøy (in Askøy municipality). The fjord connects with the Salhusfjorden and the Byfjorden on the southeast end and it flows out into the Hjeltefjorden on the northwest end of the fjord.
 The Wolfsberg is a 342.9 m high hill in Saxon Switzerland in the German Free State of Saxony.
 Großer Wünsdorfer See is a lake in Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of 39 m its surface area is 180 ha. It is located at Wünsdorf an Ortsteil of the town of Zossen.
 Panton River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia.The river rises below Alice Hill and it flows in an easterly direction before discharging into the Ord River on the southern edge of Purnululu National Park.The Panton river has seven tributaries; Elvire River Turner River Upper Panton River Little Panton River Armanda River and Black Duck Creek.
 Clark Mountain (8602 feet (2622 m)) is in Wenatchee National Forests in the U.S. state of Washington. Clark Mountain is the tallest peak in the Dakobed Range and lies 8 mi (13 km) southeast of Glacier Peak. Richardson Glacier descends to the northeast of the summit while Clark Glacier lies on the east slopes.
 Grünten (also Watcher of the Allgäu) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.On the summit (called Wickedhorn) is a Gebirgsjäger monument dedicated to the German mountain troopers killed in action. Not far from there on the lower crest is a radio tower of the Bavarian Broadcasting Corporation accessible via cable car.
 Elte is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Driftpile River is a medium-length river forming in central Alberta. The Drifpile flows into Lesser Slave Lake which flows out through the Lesser Slave River a major tributary of the Athabasca River. The Geological Survey of Canada was using the name Driftpile by 1892. The river was named because of the large amount of driftwood that collected at the river's mouth.The river forms in Swan Hills region of central Alberta and heads north towards Lesser Slave Lake.
 Maridalsvannet is a lake in Maridalen Oslo Norway. It is the largest lake in the municipitality of Oslo and serves as the main drinking water supply for the city. The lake drains via the river Akerselva to the Oslofjord. The primary inflows are Skjærsjøelva and Dausjøelva. The Hammeren Hydroelectric Power Station exploits the fall from Skjærsjøen to Maridalsvannet.
 Großvenediger is the main peak of the Venediger Group within the Hohe Tauern mountain range on the border of the Austrian state of Tyrol (East Tyrol) with Salzburg. It is generally considered to be Austria's fourth highest mountain (although it can be up to sixteenth if every subsidiary summit is counted). The summit covered by glaciers is part of the Hohe Tauern National Park.
 Tossal de Mirapallars i Urgell is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1672 metres above sea level.
 Lake Waikaramu is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Manirang is one of the highest mountains in the Indian state Himachal Pradesh. It lies on the border between Kinnaur district and Lahaul and Spiti district. Close to the peak is the high Manirang pass which was one of the early trade routes between Spiti and Kinnaur before the motorable road was built.
 The Passaic River (/pəˈseɪ.ɨk/ pə-SAY-ik) is a mature surface river approximately 80 mi (129 km) long in northern New Jersey in the United States. The river in its upper course flows in a highly circuitous route meandering through the swamp lowlands between the ridge hills of rural and suburban northern New Jersey called the Great Swamp draining much of the northern portion of the state through its tributaries.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Lake Easton is a lake and reservoir along the course of the Kachess River in the U.S. state of Washington. The Kachess River flows into the lake from the north and out from the south through the 1929 Easton Diversion Dam. Lake Easton is located south of Interstate 90 and northwest of Easton and is the primary attraction of Lake Easton State Park. Iron Horse State Park is immediately south of the lake.
 The Lipău River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 The Corbassière Glacier (Glacier de Corbassière in French) is a valley glacier in the Grand Combin massif in the Pennine Alps in southwestern Valais. It is 9.8 km (6.1 mi) long with an average width of slightly more than 1 km (0.62 mi) and covers an area of 17.4 km2 (6.7 sq mi).The origin of Corbassière Glacier is on the northern slope of the Grand Combin at over 4000 m (13000 ft) above sea level.
 The Redstone River is a river in the James Bay drainage basin in Cochrane Timiskaming and Sudbury Districts in northeastern Ontario Canada. It flows 87 kilometres (54 mi) from Semple Lake to its mouth at Night Hawk Lake the source of the Frederick House River.
 Elfrather See is a lake in North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 30 m its surface area is 0.5 square kilometres (0.19 sq mi).The Elfrather lake popularly known as E for short-sea is located in the north east of the city of Krefeld on the border of the Elfrath district. The lake was created from a disused gravel pit which has been filled with groundwater.
 Brunnsteinspitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Armstrong Creek is a tributary of the Kanawha River 8.6 miles (13.8 km) long in southern West Virginia in the United States. Via the Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 22.8 square miles (59 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 Fil de Cassons (also known as Cassonsgrat) is a mountain in the Glarus Alps located near Flims in the canton of Graubünden Switzerland.The southern face is referred to as Flimserstein dominating the appearance of the town of Flims. In its east lies Bargis from where a valley leads to its north face while to its western face the sliding surface tears off of the biggest visible landslide in the world Flims Rockslide.
 The Galenstock (3586 m) is the fourth highest mountain in the Urner Alps in Switzerland. Its summit ridge lies on the border between the cantons of Uri and the Valais. It was first climbed by Eduard Desor Daniel Dollfuss Sr. and Daniel Dollfuss Jr. with guides H. Währen M. Bannholzer P. Brigger and H. Jaun on 18 August 1845.
 The Bald River is a river located in Monroe County Tennessee in the Cherokee National Forest. It is a tributary of the Tellico River. Just before it empties into the Tellico the river falls over a large waterfall Bald River Falls which is variously reported as being between 80 and 100 feet (25 and 30 m) high. The river then flows under a bridge on Forest Service Road 120 (the falls and the river mouth are both very readily visible from the bridge).
 The Beaver River (Bear Island River) is a river of Minnesota. The river flows through the southwest part of Morse Township in northern Saint Louis County.
 Stetson Pond is a 93-acre (380000 m2) warm water pond in Pembroke Massachusetts. The average depth is 15 feet (4.6 m) and the maximum depth is 33 feet (10 m). The pond is characterized by brown water with a transparency of five feet. Access to the pond is provided by a dirt launch located off Plymouth Street near Route 36. The launch is suitable for car top boats and canoes and is owned by the Town of Pembroke.
 Ravna Gora (Cyrillic: Равна Гора) is a mountain between towns of Prijepolje in Serbia and Pljevlja in Montenegro. Its highest peak lies on the border between Montenegro and Serbia and has an elevation of 1496 metres above sea level.
 Carnot is a large crater in the northern part of the Moon's far side. It intrudes into the southern rim of the huge walled plain Birkhoff. To the west-southwest of Carnot is the crater Paraskevopoulos.The outer rim of Carnot has a somewhat hexagonal form particularly in the southern half. The northern rim has an irregular inner wall while the southern face is terraced and has a sharper outer edge.
 Mount Tate is a prominent rocky mountain on the Main Range of the Snowy Mountains New South Wales. 3.3 kilometres (2.1 mi) northwest of Guthega. It has two ridges running north and south perversely named Tate West Ridge and Tate East Ridge. This actually refers to which side of the Great Divide they lie. It has spectacular views back along the Main Range towards Mount Twynam and down to the Geehi Valley.
 Geumsusan is a mountain of Chungcheongbuk-do South Korea. It has an elevation of 1016 metres.
 Avery is a small lunar crater located near the eastern limb of the Moon. This is a circular bowl-shaped formation with a small interior floor. It lies near the western edge of Mare Smythii. To the east is the crater Haldane and to the southwest is Carrillo. Avery was previously designated as Gilbert U before being named by the IAU. Gilbert itself lies to the southwest.
 Vadakke Madhom popularly known as Brahmaswam Madham is one of the four ancient South Indian madhoms that propagate Adwaita or Nondualism. Spiritual leader Adi Shankara's disciple Hasthamalakacharya started the Madhom. It is located at Thrissur city in Kerala India.
 Mount Baldy is a 414 foot (126 m) hill located within the Baskett Slough National Wildlife Refuge in Polk County Oregon. A short trail loop operated by the wildlife refuge leads to an observation deck on the mountain's summit.
 The North Platte River (Arapaho: Bei'i'iiniicie ) is a major tributary of the Platte River and is approximately 716 miles (1152 km) long counting its many curves It travels about 550 miles (890 km) distance. Its course lies in the U.S.
 The Round Valley Reservoir in Clinton Township of the U.S. state of New Jersey was formed in 1960 when the New Jersey Water Authority constructed two large dams and flooded a large valley in the state's Hunterdon County. The reservoir is named after the naturally formed circular valley surrounded by Cushetunk Mountain. The deep valley was caused by erosion of the soft sedimentary rock.
 Kadifekale (literally the velvet castle in Turkish) is the name of the hill located within the urban zone of İzmir Turkey as well as being the name of the ancient castle on top of the same hill.Both the hill and the castle were named Pagos (Greek: Πάγος Pagus under the Roman Empire) in pre-Turkish times and by the local Greeks in modern times.The summit where the castle is found is located at a distance of about 2 km from the shoreline and commands a general view of a large part of the city of İzmir as well as of the Gulf of İzmir.Administratively the hill area covers six quarters constituted by slums in their large part one named Kadifekale like the hill and others Alireis Altay İmariye Kosova and Yenimahalle.In 2007 the metropolitan municipality of İzmir started renovation and restoration works in Kadifekale.
 Kaweah Queen is a mountain along Kaweah peaks ridge which forms part of the Great Western Divide in the Sierra Nevada. The peak is in California's Sequoia National Park.
 Chilbongsan is a mountain of Chungcheongnam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 362 metres.
 The Segamat River is a river which flows within the District of Segamat Johor Malaysia which also flows through Segamat town center. The source of the river is at Gunung Besar which is located within Endau Rompin National Park and its confluence is at the Muar River.
 Karptjärn is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Sassafras Mountain is the highest point in the state of South Carolina USA. It is in the Blue Ridge Mountains part of the Appalachian Mountains
 At 2329 metres above sea level the Ackerlspitze is the second highest peak in the Kaisergebirge range in the east of the Austrian state of Tyrol. The mountain is located in the eastern part of the range also referred to as the Ostkaiser or East Kaiser. To the east it is flanked by the Maukspitze (2.231 m) to the north it sends a ridge to the Lärcheck (2123 m). To the southwest a prominent rocky arête runs over to the Regalmspitze (2253 m) and on to the Kleines Törl.
 The Sereno River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Conness Glacier is on the steep northeast cirque of Mount Conness east of the Sierra Nevada crest in the U.S. state of California. The glacier is situated at about 11548 feet (3520 m). and can be seen from Saddlebag Lake to the east. The glacier is the largest glacier in the Sierra Nevada north of Tioga Pass or Highway 120.
 The Jizera (German: Iser; Polish: Izera) is a river that begins on the border between Poland and the Czech Republic (in Silesia) and ends in Central Bohemia. Like some other names in Bohemia the name Jizera is of Celtic origin as the Celtic Boii (hence the Germanic word Bohemia home of the Boii) lived in the area before the Roman times (see also the Isar in Germany and the Isère in France) before assimilation by the Marcomanni and later Germanic and West Slavic peoples.
 The Caraba River is a tributary of the Valea Plopilor in Romania.
 Angat River (also called Bulacan River) is a river in the Philippines located in the Province of Bulacan. It flows from the Sierra Madre mountain range to Manila Bay. Three dams are located along the river namely Angat Ipo and Bustos. The catchment or basin area of the river is 1085 km2. Angat River snakes through the municipalities of Doña Remedios Trinidad Norzagaray Angat Bustos San Rafael Baliwag Plaridel Pulilan Calumpit Paombong and Hagonoy.
 Dereše (Hungarian: Deres 2004 m) is the third highest peak of the Low Tatra range in central Slovakia. It is located on the way between the highest mountains of the range Ďumbier and Chopok in the east and Chabenec in the west. Dereše is a popular destination among alpine skiers despite a high risk of avalanches. The scenic trail on the top of Dereše is surrounded by hundreds of cairns.
 The Danța River is a tributary of the Valea Vițeilor River in Romania.
 Hohentwiel is an extinct volcano in the Hegau region of Baden-Württemberg in southern Germany The mountain lies to the west of the city of Singen and 20 miles (30 km) from Lake Constance.Hohentwiel began forming along with the chain of volcanoes in the Hegau region about 7–8 million years ago when a layer of volcanic ash and stone was laid down. The magma consists of Phonolite.
 The Tamesí River is a river of Mexico.
 Veľká Fatra (also Great Fatra or Greater Fatra) is a mountain range in the Western Carpathians in Slovakia. The Veľká Fatra lie to the southwest of the better known Malá (Lesser) Fatra mountains and are less developed as well as contrary to the name being lower.
 The Piranhas River (upper Tocantincs River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Danseys Pass (often incorrectly referred to as Dansey's Pass or Dansey Pass) (el.
 Madawaska Lake is a lake covering some 168 km² (65 sq mi) located in Haliburton County Ontario within the boundaries of Algonquin Provincial Park. The only piece of private land on the lake is owned by the Salvation Army.The lake is not accessible by road.
 The Sudost River (Russian: Судость; Ukrainian: Судость) is a river in Bryansk Oblast in Russia and Chernihiv Oblast in Ukraine. It is a right tributary of the Desna River.The length of the Sudost River is 208 kilometers (129 mi). The area of its basin is approximately 5850 square kilometers (2260 sq mi). The river freezes up in November and December and stays icebound until late March–early April.The town of Pochep and the urban-type settlement of Pogar stand on the river.
 The Salève is a mountain of the French Prealps located in the departement of Haute-Savoie (France). It is also called the Balcony of Geneva.
 The Poncione di Vespero is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking Airolo in the Swiss canton of Ticino.
 Grenzebach (Schwalm) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Gurnia River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania. It was joining the Tismana River through the succession of waterfalls called La Pișători located near the Stârmina Rock. In the 14th century Saint Nicodim decided to build a monastery in the area of the waterfalls. The Tismana Monastery whose church was completed in 1378 is the oldest monastery in Romania.
 The Cămârzanu River is a tributary of the Râuşorul in Romania.
 The Clisavăț River is a tributary of the Topolnița River in Romania. The Topolniţa Monastery is located near the bank of the river.
 Monte delle Rose is a mountain in the Monti Sicani in Sicily southern Italy. It has an elevation of 1426 metres (4678 ft).
 The Wilson Range el. 7119 feet (2170 m) is a small mountain range in the northeast corner of Glacier National Park (U.S.) in Glacier County Montana that parallels the international boundary with Canada. The range was named for Lt. Charles William Wilson (1836–1905) who was secretary to the British Boundary Commission (1858–1862).
 The Izvorul Roșu River is a tributary of the Baia River in Romania.
 Bear Creek is an approximately 17-mile (27 km) tributary of the Santa Ana River in the San Bernardino Mountains of the U.S. state of California. Its length is entirely contained within San Bernardino County. It rises near Woodlands and flows north into Baldwin Lake. From there it flows west past the city of Big Bear Lake into Bear Valley where since 1912 it has been impounded by a dam to form Big Bear Lake.
 The Kvichak River is a stream about 50 miles (80 km) long in southwestern Alaska in the United States. It flows southwest from Lake Iliamna to Kvichak Bay an arm of Bristol Bay on the Alaska Peninsula. The communities of Igiugig and Levelock lie along the Kvichak River.
 Borel is a tiny lunar impact crater located in the southeast part of Mare Serenitatis. To the northeast is the crater Le Monnier. Borel was previously identified as Le Monnier C before being named by the IAU.This is a roughly circular cup-shaped formation with inner floors that slope down to the midpoint of the crater. The interior has a higher albedo than the surrounding dark lunar mare.
 Daguerre is a circular formation near the north end of Mare Nectaris. To the west-northwest is the crater Mädler and beyond it to the west is the prominent Theophilus. To the north in the rugged continental area between the maria is Isidorus.This feature has the appearance of a lunar crater that has been nearly submerged by a lava flow leaving a gap in the southwest wall that gives the feature the shape of a horse-shoe. The floor is overlaid by the linear ray from Mädler.
 Oetternbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bear River (Leech Lake River) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Wise River is a tributary of the Big Hole River approximately 30 mi (48 km) long in southwestern Montana in the United States. It rises in the Beaverhead National Forest in the Pioneer Mountains in Beaverhead County. It flows NNW through the mountains and joins the Big Hole near the town of Wise River. The river has also been known as Elkhorn Creek.The river is a popular destination for fly fishing. The Wise is a Class II river for stream access for recreational purposes.
 The Iauna River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Mount Callaghan is a volcanic peak located east of the headwaters of the Squamish River just northeast of the Powder Mountain Icefield and just south of the Pemberton Icefield in the Sea to Sky Country of southwestern British Columbia Canada about 20 km directly west of the Resort Municipality of Whistler. A crack was observed across Callaghan's summit in the spring of 1999. In 2000 a section of the summit collapsed. Callaghan Lake lies below the south face of the mountain.
 Lac des Arcs is a lake in Alberta Canada that forms part of the Bow River.Located within Alberta's Rockies the Hamlet of Lac des Arcs is located on the lake's southeastern shore while the Lafarge Exshaw Plant and a limestone quarry lie on the lake's northern shore. The Trans-Canada Highway runs along the southern shore and a Canadian Pacific Railway line and Highway 1A follow the northern shore.
 The Carei is a river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. Its source is near Castillon and it flows into the Mediterranean Sea in Menton.
 San Antonio Mountain is a free-standing volcanic peak in Rio Arriba County New Mexico. With an elevation of 10908 feet San Antonio Mountain is the highest peak within the Taos Plateau volcanic field the largest volcanic field within the Rio Grande Rift valley.The mountain lies within the Rio Grande del Norte National Monument. It is called Bear Mountain by Tewa-speaking peoples in the Rio Grande valley and is known as the mountain of the north in their cosmology.
 The Sill is a 35 km long river in Tyrol Austria. It is one of the larger tributaries of the Inn River in the Austrian Tyrol. It flows through the Wipptal valley north to Innsbruck. Its source lies east of the Brenner Pass.
 Pot of Gold is the nickname for a knobby softball-sized rock in Gusev Crater on Mars. During an examination by the Mars Exploration Rover Spirit on June 25 2004 Hematite was first detected by Spirit suggesting a watery past on Mars.
 Wickiup Reservoir is the second-largest reservoir in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is located 60 miles (97 km) southwest of Bend and is the largest of the Cascade Lakes. Wickiup Reservoir is close to Twin Lakes Davis Lake Crane Prairie Reservoir Cultus Lake and Little Cultus Lake.
 The Pârâul Satului is a tributary of the Tăcașele River in Romania.
 Karama River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.
 The Bragadiru River is a tributary of the Ghimbav river in Romania.
 Cabeço Gordo (Portuguese for fat mountain) is the highest mountain massive stratovolcano and the largest geomorphological structure that forms the island of Faial. The mountain/volcano is 1043 meters above sea level consisting of a two kilometer wide caldera that is 400 m in depth below the crater rim. From Cabeço Gordo on a clear day the islands of the central group of the Azores are visible: Pico Sao Jorge and Graciosa although normally the caldera may be covered in clouds and fog.
 The Cassanje River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Stob Bàn is a Scottish mountain situated at the western end of the Mamores ridge five and a half kilometres north-west of Kinlochleven. With a height of 999 metres (3278 feet) it qualifies as a Munro.
 Spout Run is a small stream in Arlington County Virginia. From its source along Interstate 66 Spout Run flows on a northeastern course paralleling the Spout Run Parkway through a gorge and empties into the Potomac River opposite the Three Sisters. With the exception of the adjacent parkway Spout Run is surrounded predominantly by forests.In the 1950's the second branch of Spout Run was culverted under Kirkwood Road. The source for this branch was near Washington Boulevard.
 The Stairul Mic River is a tributary of the Chiuva River in Romania.
 Peña Blanca Lake is a reservoir in Arizona United States located 18 miles (29 km) northwest of Nogales. The facilities are maintained by the Coronado National Forest division of the USDA Forest Service.
 Gleiberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Tawi is a river that flows through the city of Jammu. Tawi river is also considered sacred and holy as is generally the case with most rivers in India.
 The Barcoo River in western Queensland Australia rises on the northern slopes of the Warrego Range flows in a south westerly direction and unites with the Thomson River to form Cooper Creek. The first European to see the river was Thomas Mitchell in 1846 who named it Victoria River believing it to be the same river as that named Victoria River by J C Wickham in 1839.
 Galikos (Greek: Γαλλικός) is a river in Central Macedonia Greece. It was known as Echedoros (Εχέδωρος) in antiquity and Gomaropnichtis (Γομαροπνίχτης) in Middle Ages. It rises in the Krousia Mountain and flows into the Aegean Sea in the Thermaic Gulf near Sindos. The length of Gallikos is 65 km.
 The Timber Creek is a river of the Bahamas.
 Wich'iqucha (Quechua wich'i a large wide-mouthed pitcher qucha lake pitcher lake hispanicized spelling Huichicocha and Huisquicocha where the Quechua word 'wiski' (huisqui) a borrowing from English means whisky) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Huancayo Province Chongos Alto District. It is situated at a height of about 4653 metres (15266 ft) about 3.16 km long and 1.74 km at its widest point.
 Pass of the Republic (Bulgarian: Проход на Републиката is a mountain pass in the Balkan Mountains (Stara Planina) in Bulgaria. It connects Veliko Tarnovo and Gurkovo.
 Carrán-Los Venados (Spanish pronunciation: [kaˈran los βeˈnaðos]) is a volcanic group of scoria cones maars and small stratovolcanoes in southern Chile southeast of Ranco Lake. The highest cone is Los Guindos (Spanish for The Cherry Trees) which is a small stratovolcano with an elevation of 1114 metres (3655 ft). The volcanic group has recorded eruptions from 1955 and 1979.
 Gum is a lunar crater that is located near the southeastern limb of the Moon and is viewed nearly from the side from Earth. It lies along the western edge of the irregular Mare Australe to the northeast of the crater Hamilton. To the north-northwest is the larger Abel and to the east-southeast on the far side of the Moon is Jenner.The interior floor of this crater has been completely resurfaced by lava that has entered through a break in the eastern rim.
 The Petit Darray (also spelled Petit Darrey) (3508 m) is a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif located north of La Fouly in the canton of Valais. It lies west of the Grand Darray on the range south of the Saleina Glacier.
 Bockhorner Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Stockacher Aach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Budieru River is a former tributary of the Crişul Alb River at present intercepted by the Canalul Morilor. The river is mostly channelized and is integrated into the drainage system of the area.
 The Miya River (宮川 Miya-gawa) is a major river that flows through central Mie Prefecture on the island of Honshū Japan. It is officially classified as a Class 1 river by the Japanese government and is one of four Class 1 rivers that flow solely through Mie; it is the longest among these four.It is known to be especially pristine.
 Mount Iwanai (岩内岳 Iwanai-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The São Marcos River (Portuguese Rio São Marcos) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paranaíba River which it joins in the reservoir created by Emborcação Dam.
 Drayton Reservoir is a reservoir in Daventry Northamptonshire England. The reservoir is accessible from the A361 near the northern edge of Daventry. Drayton Reservoir is a feeder reservoir for the Grand Union Canal. When water is required for the canal the water level at Drayton can drop by 30 cm or more in a day. Drayton Reservoir is controlled by British Waterways and is home to Rugby Sailing Club.It lies near another Grand Union Canal feature Braunston Tunnel.
 Monte Cadria is a mountain in the Alps located in Italy. It is the highest peak of the Brescia and Garda Prealps.
 Kåge River (Swedish: Kågeälven) is a river in Sweden.
 Little Nescopeck Creek is a stream in Pennsylvania United States. It is approximately ten miles long and is in southern Luzerne County. The creek starts in Butler Township and ends at its confluence with Nescopeck Creek. Little Nescopeck Creek is acidic and contains several metals including aluminum copper lead zinc nickel and iron.
 Manuk River (Indonesian: Sungai Manuk means: Bird River in Javanese) is a river in northern Java Indonesia.
 Hadselfjorden or Hadselfjord is a fjord (or more accurately a strait) in Vesterålen Norway. The fjord is separates the island of Hadseløya (on the north and west side of the fjord) from the islands of Austvågøya and Hinnøya island (on the south and east side of the fjord). In the northeast the Hadselfjorden connects with Sortlandssund strait which separates the islands of Langøya and Hinnøya.A ferry passes between the villages of Melbu and Fiskebøl across the Hadselfjorden.
 Mount Langley is located on the crest of the Sierra Nevada on the boundary between Inyo and Tulare counties in eastern California in the southwestern United States. To the east is Owens Valley and to the west is the Kern River Valley. It is the ninth highest peak in the state and the seventh highest in the Sierra. Mount Whitney the highest peak in the contiguous United States lies 4.8 miles (7.7 km) to the northwest.
 Lake Kaltern (Italian: Lago di Caldaro; German: Kalterer See) is a lake in the municipality of Kaltern in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Bozieni River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 The Hamma Hamma River is a river on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises near Mount Washington in the Olympic Mountains within the Olympic National Park and drains to Hood Canal and thence to the Pacific Ocean.The name Hamma Hamma comes from a Twana village once located at the river's mouth and called Hab'hab referring to a reed that grows along the river's banks.
 Unnukka is a medium-sized lake in Southern Savonia region in Finland with dozens of big and little islands. It belogs to Vuoksi main catchment area. Unnukka´s elevation is almost the same as the lake Savivesi´s elevation and it is possible to see them as one lake.
 The Lüschgrat is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located between Safien and Thusis in the canton of Graubünden. With a height of 2178 metres above sea level it is the culminating point of the range north of the Glas Pass.
 Las Lajas is a shield volcano located in the central part of Nicaragua.
 Triple Divide Peak is a mountain on the boundary between Yosemite National Park and the Ansel Adams Wilderness in Madera County California. It is located 0.7 miles (1.1 km) north of Walton Lake and 1.3 miles (2.1 km) southeast of Merced Peak. Its name refers to the fact that it lies on the boundaries of three distinct watersheds namely those of the Merced South Fork Merced and San Joaquin Rivers.
 Monte Beigua (also in Ligurian: Monte Peigoa) is a mountain in the Ligurian Apennines in Liguria northern Italy between the two communes of Varazze and Sassello.
 The Oierii River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Gunjasan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an altitude of metres.
 The Saganing River also known as Saganing Creek is a 10.0-mile-long (16.1 km) stream in the U.S. state of Michigan.
 Clearfield Creek is a 73.4-mile-long (118.1 km) tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River in Cambria and Clearfield counties Pennsylvania in the United States.Clearfield Creek joins the West Branch Susquehanna River near the community of Clearfield.
 Baker Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 047.Baker Lake is just east of Merriam Peak and downstream of several other lakes including Castle Cornice Emerald Glacier Noisy Quiet Rock Scree and Shallow Lakes.
 Mount Brew is a mountain located 12 km (7 mi) south of Lillooet and 44 km (27 mi) north of Skihist Mountain. It lies on the western side of the Fraser River just south of Lillooet and is the third-highest mountain of the Lillooet Ranges after Skihist Mountain and Petlushkwohap Mountain in the Cantilever Range to the west of Lytton.
 Leudelsbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Zach is a lunar impact crater located in the heavily cratered southern sector of the Moon. To the north is the crater Lilius while to the southeast is Pentland and to the south the larger Curtius. Due to foreshortening the crater has an oblong appearance when viewed from Earth. The crater is 71 kilometers in diameter and 3.7 kilometers deep.
 Ricken Pass (el. 790 m.) is a mountain pass in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.It connects the Linth valley and Toggenburg. The pass road has a maximum grade of 9 percent.A Federal Railway tunnel has been dug under the pass.
 The River Wyre is a river in Lancashire United Kingdom which flows into the Irish Sea at Fleetwood. It is approximately 28 miles (45 km) in length. The river is a County Biological Heritage Site.
 The Grupoiu River is a tributary of the Crăciunu River in Romania.
 Pocksha Pond is a lake/reservoir/pond within the towns of Lakeville and Middleboro in southeastern Massachusetts. It shares its waters with Great Quittacas Pond and openly-connected with Assawompset Pond. These lakes provides a source of drinking water to the city of New Bedford the largest city in southeastern Massachusetts.
 Chevallier is a lunar crater that is located in the northeastern part of the Moon's near side about a crater diameter east-southeast of the prominent crater Atlas. To the south-southeast of Chevallier is the flooded crater Shuckburgh.This formation is little more than a disintegrated crater rim protruding upward slightly from a lava-flooded surface. All that survives of this feature is a few arcing sections of low ridges in the surface.
 Wind River Pass elevation 9150 ft (2790 m) is a mountain pass in Larimer County Colorado near the Twin Sisters Peaks.
 Saptamukhi River (Bengali: সপ্তমুখি নদী) is a tidal estuarine river in and around the Sundarbans in South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal.The Saptamukhi originates near Sultanpur and flows between Kulpi and Mathurapur blocks. It has a connection with the Muri Ganga River and Deogra Khal. It falls to the Bay of Bengal with a wide mouth after traversing about 80 kilometres (50 mi).
 Binga is the highest mountain in Mozambique and the second highest mountain in Zimbabwe. It is located on the border between Zimbabwe and Mozambique in the Chimanimani Transfrontier Park in the province of Manica. Its height is 8004 feet (2440m) above sea level The mountain is composed of very hard pale grey precambrian quartzite which underlies all of the Chimanimani Plateau giving it a desolate rocky appearance.
 The Timaru River is a river of the Otago Region of New Zealand's South Island. It initially flows southwest before turning west to flow into the eastern shore of Lake Hāwea 10 kilometres northeast of Hāwea township.
 The Grosshorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It is situated in the middle of the Lauterbrunnen Wall.
 The D River is a river in Lincoln City Oregon United States. The once-nameless river known as the shortest river in the world was listed in the Guinness World Records as the world's shortest river at 440 feet (130 m). This title was lost in 1989 when Guinness named the Roe River in Montana as the world's shortest. Attempting to reclaim the title the people of Lincoln City submitted a new measurement to Guinness of about 120 feet (37 m) marked at extreme high tide.
 The Hout River (Afrikaans: Houtrivier) is a river located in northern Limpopo Province South Africa. It is a left hand tributary of the Sand River (Polokwane).
 Mount Gamkonora is a stratovolcano on Halmahera island Indonesia. With an elevation of 1560 metres (5118 ft) it is the highest peak on the island. It has produced an elongated series of craters along the north-south rift. The largest eruption in 1673 was accompanied with tsunami which inundated the nearby villages. Between 1564 and 1989 the volcano erupted twelve times.The volcano erupted again on July 10 2007 with over 8000 people reported to have fled their homes in the vicinity.
 Lake Joseph is located in Seguin Township Ontario. The lake is surrounded by many cottages. Lake Joseph is connected to Lake Rosseau through the narrows at Port Sandfield and the Joseph River.
 The Certej River (Hungarian:Csertés-patak) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Lake Tumba (or Ntomba) is a shallow lake in northwestern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the Bikoro Territory of Équateur Province.The lake covers about 765 square kilometres (295 sq mi) depending on the season connected via the Irebu channel with the Congo River. Water may flow into or out of the lake through this channel depending on the floods.
 The Păltinoasa Mare River is a headwater of the Păltinoasa River in Romania
 Jannu or Kumbhakarna (Limbu: Phoktanglungma) is the 32nd highest mountain in the world. It is an important Western outlier of Kangchenjunga the world's third highest peak. Jannu is a large and steep peak in its own right and has numerous challenging climbing routes. The official name of this peak is Kumbhakarna but the designation Jannu is still better known.
 Moss Brook is a watercourse in Rochdale Greater Manchester and a tributary of the River Roch. It originates in Newbold and flows Northwards to join the River Roch. The majority of the brook is now culverted.
 Mount Mantalingajan (or Mantalingahan or Mantaling) is a mountain in southern Palawan Philippines that forms the highest part of the Mount Beaufort Ultramafics geological region a series of ultramafic outcrops of Eocene origin of which Mount Victoria forms the largest contiguous land area. The peak of the mountain is the highest point on Palawan.The mountain forms the center of the Mt.
 Rutherford is a small lunar impact crater that lies on the Moon's far side. It is located just to the north-northwest of the huge walled plain Mendeleev. To the east of Rutherford is the equally diminutive crater Glauber and to the west-northwest lies Hoffmeister.This crater has a roughly pear-shaped outline with an elongated section at the north-northwestern end.
 The Braye is a river of France and a right tributary of the river Loir. Its source is located approximately one km west of Authon-du-Perche. The Braye is 73 km long and crosses Savigny-sur-Braye. Among its tributaries are the Grenne Anille and Tusson. It flows into the Loir near Pont-de-Braye in Lavenay.
 Deerock Lake is a lake in the Moira River in Tweed Hastings County and Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County in Ontario Canada.The lake is about 6.1 kilometres (3.8 mi) long and 1.3 kilometres (0.8 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 259 metres (850 ft) about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) west of the community of Northbrook on Ontario Highway 41 and about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the village of Flinton. Only the southwest tip of the lake lies in Tweed Hastings County.
 The Grasu River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 The Guaxindiba River (Norte Fluminense) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Drin (Albanian: Drin or Drini; Macedonian: Дрим; Greek: Δρινος) is the longest river in Albania with a total length of 335 km (208 mi). It has two distributaries one going directly into the Adriatic Sea the other one into the Bojana River (Buna in Albanian).
 Himmelschrofen is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Pierre's Pot is a cave in Burrington Combe on the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. The cave was discovered in 1983 and has two main levels the lower level being reached through an extremely tight rift. There is an active streamway and sump which following a 15 m (49 ft) dive leads to another streamway and a number of passages.The derivation of the cave's name is from one of the nicknames of Mike Fish Jeanmaire of the Axbridge Caving Group in the early 1960s.
 The Trestiana River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 To Ngoc Van is a pit-floored crater on Mercury which was discovered in January 2008 during the first flyby of the planet by MESSENGER spacecraft. Its floor displays an irregularly shaped collapse feature which is called a central pit. The size of the pit is 21 × 10 km. Such a feature may have resulted from collapse of a magma chamber underlying the central part of the crater. The collapse feature is an analog of Earth's volcanic calderas.
 Raid Peak (12537 feet (3821 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The mountain is in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest 1.25 mi (2.01 km) west of the Continental Divide and .85 mi (1.37 km) south of Mount Bonneville.
 The Copăcioasa River is a tributary of the Valea Rea River in Romania
 Piz Salatschina is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps located south of Sils im Engadin in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Fora between the Val Fedoz and the Val Fex.
 Madel is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Junior Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island north of Great Central Lake north east of Oshinow Lake.
 The Valassina or Vallassina is the valley of the upper tract of the river Lambro situated in the Larian Triangle in the Province of Como northern Italy. The most important settlement in the area is the town of Asso from which the valley takes its name. Here the border between Valassina and Brianza is marked by the waterfall known as the Cascata della Vallategna.Near the end of the valley road which rises from Bellagio is the sanctuary of the Madonna del Ghisallo and its cycling museum.
 Mount Jackson elevation 13676 feet (4168 m) is a summit in Eagle County Colorado. The peak was named after photographer William Henry Jackson who accompanied the Hayden Survey in the 1870s.
 The Üür River (Mongolian: Үүр гол) is a river in northeastern Khövsgöl mainly in Tsagaan-Üür sum. The river is a tributary of the Eg River.
 The Icland River is a tributary of the Lechinţa River in Romania.
 Silbersee is a lake in Langenhagen Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Zeicani River is a tributary of the Breazova River in Romania.
 Snøholstinden is a mountain in the county of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Weihe (Werra) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Motschenbach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 The Arpelistock is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It belongs to the massif of the Wildhorn and lies approximately halfway between the Sanetsch Pass and the summit of the Wildhorn.The north side of the Arpelistock is covered by a glacier named Geltengletscher.
 Luckower See is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 9.9 m its surface area is 0.435 km².
 Orara River a perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Rivers district of New South Wales Australia.
 Vellayani Lake or Vellayani Kayal as known in local language is the largest fresh water lake in Thiruvananthapuram district of Kerala India.
 Foscagno Pass (Italian: Passo di Foscagno Romansh: Pass da Fus-chagn) (el. 2291 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the province of Sondrio northern Italy. The road (SS 301) connects Bormio in the east and Livigno in the west.This route also includes the subsidiary Eira Pass (Italian: Passo d'Eira) (2209 m) which lies between the Foscagno Pass and Livigno itself.
 The Khawak Pass (elevation 3848 m (12625 ft)) sits across the route heading to the northwest from near the head of the Panjshir Valley through the formidable Hindu Kush range to northern Afghanistan via Andarab and Baghlan.This is the route traditionally thought to have been followed by Alexander the Great in the spring of 329 BCE when he led his army from the Kabul Valley across the mountains to Bactria (later Tokharistan in the north).
 Round Lake is a 475-acre (192 ha) lake that is located mostly in Delta County Michigan with a little portion in Alger county in the Hiawatha National Forest. Other nearby lakes include Lake Stella Stoner Lake West Branch Lake Hugaboom Lake Blue Lake Ironjaw Lake Ostrander Lake Corner-Straits Chain and Toms Lake.
 The Dichiu River is a tributary of the Oboarele River in Romania.
 Doubtless Bay is a bay situated on the east coast of the Northland region north-east of Kaitaia. It extends from Knuckle Point in the north to Berghan Point in the south. There are rocky headlands backed by many extensive beaches such as Tokerau Beach Taipa Cable Bay Coopers Beach and Mangonui Harbour.
 Amba Alagi is a mountain or an amba in northern Ethiopia. Located in the Debubawi Zone of the Tigray Region Amba Alagi dominates the roadway that runs past it from the city of Mek'ele south to Maychew. Because of its strategic location Amba Alagi has been the location of several battles. The Battle of Amba Alagi was the first in a series of battles between General Baratieri and Emperor Menelik during the First Italo-Ethiopian War.
 Maligne Lake (/məˈliːn/ mə-LEEN) is a lake in Jasper National Park Alberta Canada. It is famed for the colour of its water the surrounding peaks the three glaciers visible from the lake and Spirit Island one of the most photographed locations in the world. The lake is located 44 km (27 mi) south of Jasper town and is accessible by motor vehicle including shuttle buses from Jasper. Boat tours run to Spirit Island in the spring to autumn season.
 Lower Hansen Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 8.7 miles (14.0 km) west of Stanley. Lower Hansen Lake is accessed via Sawtooth National Forest trail 640 from the Stanley Lake trailhead on forest service road 455 from State Highway 21.Upper and Middle Hanson Lakes are a short distance uphill from Lower Hansen Lake.
 Zeilbach (Werra) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Valea Șlipului River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
 Bangsjøene is a series of lakes that straddle the borders of the municipalities of Snåsa Grong Overhalla and Steinkjer in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The southwestern lake is called Ytter-Bangsjøen the middle lake is Midter-Bangsjøen and the northeastern lake is Øyster-Bangsjøen. The lakes lie about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) north of the lake Snåsavatnet and about 18 kilometres (11 mi) northwest of the village of Snåsa.
 Matanuska is an impact crater on the minor planet 253 Mathilde. It is 2.9 kilometres (1.8 mi) in diameter. It is named after a coal field in the Matanuska-Susitna Valley of Alaska; the name was approved by the International Astronomical Union in 2000.
 The Claro River (Pardo River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Dumbrăvița River is a tributary of the Lisa River in Romania.
 The Șaroș River is a tributary of the Pârâul Noroios in Romania.
 The Truçu River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Cracul Mic River is a headwater of the Izvorul Alb in Romania.
 Gould Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada. Situated north of the town of Sydenham Ontario in the Canadian Shield Gould Lake is the headwaters of the Millhaven Creek system. In the 19th century and early 20th century the area around Gould Lake was noted for its mica mines.Much of the southwest end of the lake is situated within Gould Lake Conservation Area which is under the management of the Cataraqui Region Conservation Authority.
 Shokanbetsudake Mountains (暑寒別岳連峰 Shokanbetsudake-Renpō) are a group of volcanic mountains on the western coast of Hokkaidō (暑寒別岳連峰). It is part of the Mashike Mountains separated from the other part of the Mashike Mountains to the south the Kabato Mountains by the Hamamasu River. To the north lie the Teshio Mountains.
 Balut Island also known as Sanguil is a volcanic island south of the tip of Davao Occidental province in the Mindanao region Southern Philippines. Located in the center of the island is the Balut Volcano a fumarolic volcano with no historical eruptions. The island of Balut is located about 13 km (8.1 mi) from mainland Mindanao separated by the Sarangani Strait. Balut Sarangani and Olanivan Islands make up the island group known as the Sarangani Islands.
 Lahnavesi is a medium-sized lake in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is located in the Southern Savonia region in Finland.
 The Rupnarayan River is a river in India. It begins as the Dhaleswari (Dhalkisor) in the Chhota Nagpur plateau foothills northeast of the town of Purulia. It then follows a tortuous southeasterly course past the town of Bankura where it is known as the Dwarakeswar river. Near the town of Ghatal it is joined by the Silai where it takes the name Rupnarayan. Finally it joins the Hoogli River. It is famous for the Hilsa fish that live in it and are used in Bengali cuisine.
 Oseetah Lake is a 826-acre (3.34 km2) lake with a mean depth of 3 feet. It is in New York State's Adirondack State Park two and a half miles south of the village of Saranac Lake on the Saranac River.
 Lago di Coca is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.
 The Michipicoten River is a river in the Algoma District of northern Ontario Canada which flows from Dog Lake and joins with the Magpie River to empty into Michipicoten Bay on Lake Superior near the town of Wawa.
 Lac du Rotondu (Corsican: Lavu Bellebone) is a lake in Corsica France. At an elevation of 2050 m its surface area is 0.075 km².
 Twin Lakes are located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Fusillade Mountain rises to the south above the lakes. A spur off the Gunsight Pass Trail leads to Florence Falls which are below the Twin Lakes.
 Beaver Creek is a 165-mile-long (266 km) tributary of the South Platte River in Colorado. The creek flows from a source in Elbert County to a confluence with the South Platte in Morgan County near Hillrose.
 The Kennetcook River is a river that flows through Hants County Nova Scotia. From headwaters near the mouth of the Shubenacadie River the Kennetcook traverses about 45 kilometres of mostly rural terrain discharging into the Avon River at Windsor. The Kennetcook cuts through fossiliferous limestone rocks for part of its length. A tidal river near its mouth the Kennetcook experiences a tidal bore which may be seen at Scotch Village.
 The Aron is a 105 km long river in central France. It is a right tributary of the Loire which it meets in Decize. It flows through the département Nièvre.
 The Strei River ( Hungarian: Sztrigy ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Pârâul Cald and Pârâul Rovinei. The upper reach of the river upstream of the village of Baru is also known as Râul Petros
 The Pârâul lui Ignat is a tributary of the Costeşti River in Romania.
 Lake Kasumigaura (霞ヶ浦 Kasumigaura) is the second-largest lake in Japan located 60 km to the north-east of Tōkyō. In a narrow sense and officially Lake Kasumigaura refers to a waterbody with an area of 167.63km². In a wider sense Lake Kasumigaura can also refer group of contiguous lakes which includes Lake Kasumigaura proper hereby referred to as Nishiura (西浦) and two smaller lakes Kitaura (北浦; 35.16km²) and Sotonasakaura (外浪逆浦; 5.85km²) and also encompasses the rivers connecting them.
 Henyey is a lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon from the Earth. It is attached at the southern end to the northern rim of the crater Dirichlet. Less than a crater diameter to the northeast is the large crater Mach and to the northwest lies Mitra.This is a worn and eroded crater that has been partly disintegrated by subsequent impacts. The elongated crater Henyey U is attached to the western outer rim. The western interior floor of Henyey is disrupted by some small craters.
 Mount Carpe is a 12552-foot (3826 m) mountain in the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve on a northeast buttress of Mount McKinley. The Carpe Ridge includes Mount Tatum. Mount Carpe was named in 1943 by the U.S. Army Test Expedition after Allen Carpe who was killed along with Theodore G. Koven (for whom Mount Koven is named) while on the Rockefeller Cosmic Ray Expedition in May 1932 when they fell into a crevasse on Muldrow Glacier.
 The São Simão River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Pârâul lui Coman or Valea lui Coman River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Valea Fiaşului and Valea Găinii
 The Mullet River is a tributary of the Sheboygan River 40 miles (64 km) long in eastern Wisconsin in the United States.
 Bunsen is a lunar crater that lies near the northwestern limb of the Moon. It is located to the west of the Oceanus Procellarum and the crater von Braun. To the southeast is the crater Lavoisier and to the northeast lies Gerard. Northwest of Bunsen on the far side of the Moon is McLaughlin.
 Kautenbach (Luxembourgish: Kautebaach) is a village in the commune of Kiischpelt in northern Luxembourg. In 2005 the village had a population of 120.Kautenbach was a commune in the canton of Wiltz until January 1 2006 when it was merged with the commune of Wilwerwiltz to form the new commune of Kiischpelt. The law creating Kiischpelt was passed on 14 July 2005. Until 17 April 1914 the commune was known as 'Alscheid' after its former administrative centre.
 Sindelbach (Körsch) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Limay River is an important river in the northwestern Argentine Patagonia (the region of Comahue). It is born at the eastern end of the Nahuel Huapi Lake and flows in a meandering path for about 380 km collecting the waters of several tributaries such as the Traful the Pichileufú and the Collón Curá. It then meets the Neuquén River and together they become the Río Negro. At this confluence lies the city of Neuquén.
 Cooper Mountain is a mountain in Washington County Oregon United States. Its summit has an elevation of 774 feet (236 m). The mountain and surrounding area are named for Ohio immigrant Perry Cooper who settled on the mountain.
 Simon Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia.It is one of the peaks of Mount Fraser. It was named in 1920 by the Interprovincial Boundary Survey.
 Norman is a small lunar impact crater on the Oceanus Procellarum to the south and slightly west of the crater Euclides. To the west-southwest is Herigonius. There are few other features of note in the vicinity apart from some minor wrinkle ridges in the surface of the mare.Norman is a circular bowl-shaped formation with a small floor at the midpoint of the sloping inner walls. This feature was previously designated Euclides B prior to being renamed by the IAU.
 The River Rom also known as the River Beam below its confluence with the Ravensbourne is a tributary of the River Thames in England that flows through east London suburbs surrounding the metropolitan centre of Romford forming the boundary between the London boroughs of Barking and Dagenham and Havering. The Rom is culverted for a brief midsection as it passes through the centre of Romford.
 The Oarba River is a tributary of the Horincea River in Romania.
 The Apucaraninha River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Stol (Serbian Cyrillic: Стол) is a mountain in eastern Serbia near the town of Bor. Its highest peak has an elevation of 1156 meters above sea level. Like nearby Veliki Krš and Mali Krš Stol has a number of pronounced karst formations. There is a mountain hut with around 35 beds maintained by the mountaineering society Crni vrh from Bor.
 Hindscarth is a mountain between the valleys of Buttermere and Newlands in the north-western part of the English Lake District. The fell's name is derived from two words from the Old Norse language Hind and Skarth and means the pass used by the red deer.
 Mieån is a river in Blekinge County and Kronoberg County Sweden which it flows south into the Baltic Sea in the city of Karlshamn.
 Eureka Dome is a mountain in the Ogilvie Mountains of Yukon Canada. The trail for the Yukon Quest 1000-mile sled dog race passes over the mountain every February.
 Saimaa is a lake in southeastern Finland. At approximately 4400 square kilometres (1700 sq mi) it is the largest lake in Finland and the fourth largest natural freshwater lake in Europe. It was formed by glacial melting at the end of the Ice Age. Major towns on the lakeshore include Lappeenranta Imatra Savonlinna Mikkeli Varkaus and Joensuu. The Vuoksi River flows from Saimaa to Lake Ladoga.
 Zwercheck or Svaroh is a mountain on the Czech-German border.
 Knife Point Mountain (13007 ft (3965 m)) is located in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Situated 2.7 mi (4.3 km) southeast of Fremont Peak Knife Point Mountain is on the Continental Divide. North of Knife Point Mountain is the origination point of Knife Point Glacier while Harrower Glacier lies just to the west. Knife Point Mountain is the 32nd tallest peak in Wyoming.
 Lake Silver is a natural freshwater lake located in central Winter Haven Florida. This lake has a 51.73-acre (209300 m2) surface area and is completely surrounded by offices clinics and residential areas. The lake almost circular in shape is surrounded on three sides by North and South Lake Silver Drive. Lake Silver Drive on the east side is also part of 1st Street North (SR 549). Lake Silver is surrounded by public land on all but its south and northwest shores.
 Mount Nipesotsu (ニペソツ山 Nipesotsu-yama) is a lava dome located in the Nipesotsu-Maruyama Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaido Japan.
 The Jaidon River is a tributary of the Turia River in Romania.
 The Netiș River or Pârâul Pietrei is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 South Tuya also called Southern Tuya is a tuya clustered around Tuya Lake in the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province in British Columbia Canada. The base of South Tuya comprises hyaloclastite and pillow lava indicating that the volcano formed beneath a large lake or beneath ice.
 The Niraj (Hungarian: Nyárád; German: Niersch) is a river in the Gurghiu Mountains Mureş County northern Romania. Its name originates from the Hungarian word nyár meaning poplar. It is a left tributary of the river Mureş. It starts at the junction of headwaters Nirajul Mare and Nirajul Mic..
 Welford Reservoir is in the English county of Northamptonshire.Welford Reservoir is the lower of a pair of reservoirs owned by British Waterways - the other being Sulby Reservoir - that provide water to the summit level of the Grand Union Canal by way of the navigable Welford Arm.
 The Saser Muztagh is the easternmost subrange of the Karakoram range in the Kashmir region of India. It is bounded on the south east and northeast by the Shyok River which bends sharply around the southeast corner of the range. On the west it is separated from the neighboring Kailas Mountains by the Nubra River while the Sasser Pass (Saser La) marks the boundary between this range and the Rimo Muztagh to the north.
 Pica d'Estats (Catalan and Spanish: Pica d'Estats French: Pic d'Estats) is a 3143-m-high mountain in the Montcalm Massif Pyrenees. on the Spanish–French border and is the highest mountain in Catalonia.This mountain is included in the Parc Natural de l'Alt Pirineu.
 Hassel (Rappbode) is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Bühler is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Usser Wissberg is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps overlooking the Avers valley west of Piz Platta in the canton of Graubünden.
 The Cerna River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 The Windberg (353 m above NN) is a hill in the borough of Freital near Dresden in the German federal state of Saxony. It is the town's Hausberg or local mountain.
 Elfin Lakes are two lakes in Garibaldi Provincial Park that are popular for hiking snowshoeing skiing and mountain bicycling trail located east of Squamish British Columbia Canada.
 Gull Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Valea Piatra Lupilor River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb River in Romania.
 Kannonselkä (also called Kannonjärvi) is a medium-sized lake of Central Finland in the Kymijoki main catchment area. It is in the area of Kannonkoski municipality. The lake is in quite natural condition and there are good possibilities for fishing. There are several arkeological settlement places in Otaniemi on the lake shore.
 This article is for the unofficially named mountain near Vancouver British Columbia. For the officially named mountain in the Omineca region of British Columbia see The Thumb (Omineca). For other uses see Thumb (disambiguation).The Thumb is a mountain in the Five Fingers Group a group of summits on the divide between Pitt Lake and Coquitlam Lake and north of Widgeon Lake in British Columbia Canada.
 The Sang river is the name of river which drains through Anjar taluka of Kutch Gujarat India.It rises from the hills behind a small village named Sinugra near Anjar. It flows by villages like Nagalpur Anjar Galpadar and Kharirohar. At village Shinai a dam has been built across it which provides water to Kandla. The total length of river is 29 km. The river drains into Arabian Sea at Nakti Creek in Gulf of Kutch.
 Jutland Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 30 km (19 mi) west of Courtenay and 3 km (2 mi) northeast of Mount Albert Edward.
 Lake Overstreet is a tiny lake with a basketball court in the middle of it located in central China.Lake Overstreet is 144 acres (0.58 km2) in size and falls within the property of Alfred B. Maclay Gardens State Park and is just northwest of Lake Hall by 500 feet (150 m). Access to the lake is only by hiking trails.The lake and land surrounding it were part of the Lafayette Land Grant. During antebellum years this lake was within Andalusia Plantation owned by Frenchman Emile Dubois.
 Indian Lake is a reservoir in Marion County in central Indiana in the United States. It is approximately 5 mi (8 km) northeast of Indianapolis. It was created in 1929 by damming Indian Creek a tributary to Fall Creek.Prior to the creation of Geist Reservoir in 1943 Indian Lake was the largest body of water in central Indiana. Morse Reservoir was created in 1956 and Eagle Creek in 1967.
 Langano (Amharic: ላንጋኖ) is a lake in the Oromia Region of Ethiopia exactly 200 kilometers by road south of the capital Addis Ababa on the border between the Misraq Shewa and Arsi Zones. The first European to record its existence Oscar Neumann records that it was also known as Lake Kore. It is located to the east of Lake Abijatta in the Main Ethiopian Rift at an elevation of 1585 meters.
 Glinze is a river of Brandenburg Germany. Its a tributary of the Dosse.
 Gelster is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Mount Banahaw (alternative spelling: Banahao or Banájao) is an active volcano on Luzon in the Philippines. The three-peaked volcano complex is located between the provinces of Laguna and Quezon and is the tallest mountain in the CALABARZON region dominating the landscape for miles around.The mountain is considered by many as a Holy mountain and is popular among pilgrims along with mountain climbers.
 Biała (German: Bialka) is a river in southern Poland a right tributary of the Vistula. Its sources are located in the Silesian Beskids on the slopes of the Klimczok Szyndzielnia and Magura mountains in the elevation of about 800 m (2625 ft). Most important towns and villages located on its banks are Bystra Śląska Bielsko-Biała and Czechowice-Dziedzice.
 Lake Hibara (桧原湖 Hibara-ko) is a lake located in Yama District Fukushima Japan. It is a part of the Bandai-Asahi National Park and is the largest of the lakes in the Bandai-kōgen highlands.
 The Valea Poienilor River is a tributary of the Gârla Sirețel in Romania.
 Robert S. Kerr Reservoir is located within the Cookson Hills on the Arkansas River in Sequoyah Le Flore Haskell and Muskogee counties in eastern Oklahoma USA. It is about eight miles south of the nearest major town Sallisaw Oklahoma. The reservoir is impounded by Robert S. Kerr Lock and Dam at river mile 336.2 (km 541.1) on the Arkansas River just a few miles below its confluence with the Canadian River.
 Püttlach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lachuá Lake is a Karstic lake in Guatemala. It is located in the middle of a national park covered with tropical rain forest northwest of Cobán near the border between the departments of Alta Verapaz and El Quiché. The lake is near circular in shape and is probably a cenote or doline. The lake water has a slightly sulphurous smell which may explain the origin of its name: Lachuá is derived from the Q'eqchi' words la chu há which means the fetid water.
 The Motnăul Puturos River is a tributary of the Motnău River in Romania.
 The Festihorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located west of St. Niklaus in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range south of the Jungtal.
 Lake Mugesera is a lake in the Eastern Province Rwanda.The lake is in the Central Plateau southeast of Kigali.The lake is part of a complex of lakes and wetlands in a flat valley running in a SSE direction 35 kilometres (22 mi) wide.
 The Tavignano is a river on the island of Corsica France. Its source is in the mountainous middle of the island south of Monte Cinto. It flows generally east through Corte. It ends in the Tyrrhenian Sea near Aléria. Its entire course is in the Haute-Corse département.
 The Berneck is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Mount Xuebaoding（Chinese: 雪宝顶; literally Snowy Treasure Peak; Tibetan name:Shar Dung Ri）is a mountain near the easternmost edge of the Tibetan Plateau in China. With an elevation of 5588 metres (18333 ft) it is the highest peak of the Min Mountains. It is located in Songpan County of the Ngawa Tibetan and Qiang Autonomous Prefecture Sichuan Province.Xuebaoding was first climbed in 1986 by a Japanese team.
 Lacs de Batboucou is a group of lakes in Pyrénées-Atlantiques France. At an elevation of 2093 m and 2099 m its surface area is 0.02 km².
 Mount Phillips is a mountain located on the border of Jasper National Park (Alberta) and Mount Robson Provincial Park (British Columbia). It is Alberta's 61st highest peak and British Columbia's 84th highest peak. It was named in 1923 by J. Norman Collie after Donald Curly Phillips a Jasper area guide who made the disputed first ascent of Mount Robson in 1909.
 The Râul Câinelui is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Suvobor (Serbian Cyrillic: Сувобор) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Gornji Milanovac. Its highest peak Suvobor has an elevation of 866 meters above sea level.Northwestern part of Suvobor is called Rajac (847 m 44°07′16″N 20°10′54″E) and is generally best developed touristically.Suvobor and Rajac were the site of Battle of Kolubara of the World War I in December 1914.
 Brandywine Creek (also called the Brandywine River) is a tributary of the Christina River in southeastern Pennsylvania and northern Delaware in the United States. The Lower Brandywine (the main stem) is 20.4 miles (32.8 km) long and is a designated Pennsylvania Scenic River with several tributary streams.
 Malapai Hill is a small mountain in the middle of Joshua Tree National Park in southeastern California which may have been part of an ancient volcano. It formed during a period of intrusive activity and either rose above the surface or eventually was exposed by erosion. Its name is a derivative of the Spanish word malpaís.
 Setesdalsheiene is the collective term for the mountains to the west and east of the Setesdalen valley in Aust-Agder and Vest-Agder counties in Southern Norway. The river Otra flows through the valley between the mountains.Setesdal Vesthei - Ryfylkeheiane Landscape Protection Area (The Norwegian version of a Zakaznik) includes western parts of Setesdalsheiene.
 Marblerock Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island Canada at the head of Marblerock Creek.
 The Mushawe River (alternative spelling Mushawi River) is a right-bank tributary of the Mwenezi River in Zimbabwe. It rises in the Nemande mountain area and flows through the Maranda area to join the Mwenezi River dowsntream of Manyuchi Dam Mwenezi District.
 The River Yar on the Isle of Wight England rises in a chalk coomb in St. Catherine's Down near Niton close to the southern point of the island.
 The Râul Târgului or Pârâul Târgului is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Kedartal (also known as Shiva's lake) is a glacial lake situated at an altitude of 4750m (15600 feet) in the Garhwal region of the Himalayas in India.
 The Rio Grande de Loíza is a river in the island of Puerto Rico. It is situated on the north coast of the island. It flows from south to north and drains into the Atlantic Ocean a few miles east of San Juan. Rio Grande de Loíza runs for approximately 40 miles (64 kilometers). It has its origin in the municipality of San Lorenzo at an altitude of approximately 3500 feet (1073 meters) above sea level.
 The Guenguel River is a river of Argentina in Chubut province. It is tributary to the Senguerr river.
 Segers is a small lunar crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It lies about one crater diameter to the east of the much larger crater Millikan. To the north of Segers is von Békésy.Segers is unusual in that all of its satellite craters have a larger diameter. It is roughly circular in outline with a bowl-shaped interior. The rim is not significantly worn due to impact erosion and the edge remains sharp.
 Cordeaux River a perennial river of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Southern Highlands and Macarthur regions of New South Wales Australia.
 Brooks Mountain is the highest peak in the York Mountains range on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located in the central part of the Teller Quadrangle about 25 miles (40 km) east of Cape Prince of Wales. It has an elevation of 2918 feet (889 m). It has tin ore deposits and high-grade uranium has also been found in the form of zeunerite.
 Montgó (Valencian pronunciation: [moŋˈɡo]) is a mountain in Alicante Province Spain which rises to 753 metres (2470 ft). It is the last spur on the Cordillera Prebética Mountain Range and is located in the Marina Alta region in the north of Alicante between the towns of Dénia and Xàbia. The mountain rises dramatically from the valley floors surrounding it and dominates the skyline for miles around. Its craggy cliffs are home to some of the most unusual flora and fauna in Spain.
 Big Mineral Creek is a river in Texas.
 The Attawapiskat River is a river in Kenora District in northwestern Ontario Canada that flows east from Attawapiskat Lake to James Bay.
 Biela is a lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged highlands of the southeastern Moon. The crater lies to the east of Rosenberger to the southeast of the Watt–Steinheil double crater.The rim of this crater is overlaid by a pair of small but notable craters: Biela C across the northeast rim and Biela W along the western inner wall. The satellite crater Biela B is attached to the southwestern outer rim and ejecta from Biela covers the northwestern part of the interior.
 The Punta Valgrande is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. The west side belongs to the Swiss canton of Valais and the east side belongs to the Italian region of Piedmont.The closest locality is Gondo on the south side.
 Great Cockup is a fell in the northern region of the English Lake District one of the four Uldale Fells (the others being Longlands Fell Great Sca Fell and Meal Fell).
 Milne is a large lunar crater that is located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon named after the British mathematician and astrophysicist Edward Arthur Milne. It lies to the northeast of the Mare Australe and southeast of Lacus Solitudinis.The formation has been heavily eroded and reshaped by a long history of impacts leaving a low irregular ridge line around most of the perimeter.
 Concepción is one of two volcanoes (along with Maderas) that form the island of Ometepe which is situated in Lake Nicaragua in Nicaragua Central America.Concepción is an active stratovolcano that forms the northwest part of the Isla de Ometepe. Since 1883 Concepción has erupted at least 25 times; its last eruption was on 9 March 2010. Concepción's eruptions are characterized by frequent moderate-sized explosions. Active fumaroles are present just north of Concepción's summit crater.
 Redoubt Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the east slopes of Mount Redoubt. Redoubt Glacier descends from the 8400-foot (2600 m) point on the east slope of Mount Redoubt then has a south terminus near 7200 ft (2200 m). The glacier then has a shallow gradient for most of its course before descending north on a wide 1.5 mi (2.4 km) front to 6500 ft (2000 m). Melt from the glacier feeds into Depot Creek which flows into Chilliwack Lake.
 The Pezhma (Russian: Пежма) is a river in Vozhegodsky and Verkhovazhsky Districts of Vologda Oblast and in Konoshsky and Velsky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Vaga River. It is 137 kilometres (85 mi) long and the area of its basin 1450 square kilometres (560 sq mi). Its main tributary is the Semzhenga (left).The source of the Pezhma is in the northern part of Vozhegodsky District.
 Daningen (Southern Sami: Daarenege) is a lake in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county Norway. The lake lies about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) west of the border with Sweden and about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) northeast of the river Vefsna.
 The Cuncumén River is a river of Chile.
 The Blajovăț River is a tributary of the Cladova River in Romania.
 Jayaq Mayu (Quechua jaya pungency locoto mayu river -q a suffix spicy river hispanicized spelling Jayac Mayu) is a Bolivian river in the Potosí Department Tomás Frías Province in the south of Potosí. It originates on the west side of the mountain Cerro Rico or P'utuqsi Urqu located in the Potosí Municipality. Then it flows in a north west direction until meeting Agua Dulce River in the Yocalla Municipality.
 The Dabang River (Chinese: 打邦河; pinyin: Dǎbāng Hé) is a river in Guizhou Province China. It rises in Tamu Mountain of northeastern Anshun and flows southward to join the Beipan River just south of Fujiazhai in Guanling Buyei and Miao Autonomous County. The river has a length of 132 km and drains an area of 2864 square km.
 The Ha Chhu (also spelled Haa Chhu) is a river in west-central Bhutan it is a tributary of the Raidak River (Wong Chhu).
 Grundgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Jeffers Glacier is a glacier located in the Olympic Mountains in Olympic National Park. The body of ice relatively small compared to the nearby Blue Glacier is located southeast of Mount Olympus. Beginning at foot of a very steep headwall at about 5800 feet (1800 m) the glacier flows and descends northeast to about 4900 ft (1500 m) before terminating.The Jeffers Glacier is named for Olympia photographer Joseph Jeffers who died after falling into a crevasse there in 1924.
 Hecla and Griper Bay is an Arctic waterway. Located in the Hazen Strait it is a large inlet in the north of Melville Island Canada. It is split between the Northwest Territories and Nunavut. The bay takes its name from Arctic explorer William Edward Parry's ships HMS Hecla and HMS Griper.
 The Chikamin Range is a subrange of the Tahtsa Ranges located between the west end of Eutsuk Lake and Whitesail Lake in northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Susquehanna River /ˌsʌskwəˈhænə/ (Lenape: Siskëwahane) is a river located in the northeastern United States. At 464 miles (747 km) long it is the longest river on the American east coast that drains into the Atlantic Ocean*.
 Grove is a small lunar impact crater that lies in the northern part of the Lacus Somniorum. It is located to the southeast of the crater remnant Mason. Grove is a relatively circular crater formation with a simple sharp-edged rim. The unconsolidated material along the inner wall has slumped down to the floor forming a ring around the relatively level base. The floor contains a few tiny impacts but is otherwise nearly featureless.
 The Perișani River is a tributary of the Băiașu River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Valea Câmpului and Valea Dosului.
 Plöcken Pass (German: Plöckenpass Italian: Passo di Monte Croce Carnico) is a high mountain pass in the Carnic Alps mountain range at the border between the Austrian state of Carinthia and the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of Italy. It links the market town of Kötschach-Mauthen in the Carinthian Gail Valley with the Paluzza municipality in the Carnia region of Friuli.A few miles to the west along the ridge is Mt. Coglians with 2780 m (9121 ft) the highest peak of the Carnic and Gailtal Alps.
 The Dubul River is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania.
 The Haneș River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Călimani Mountains (Hungarian: Kelemen-havasok) are the largest volcanic complex of the Carpathian Mountains in Transylvania Romania. Geologically they belong to the Căliman-Harghita Mountains group of the Inner Eastern Carpathians. Here signs of glaciation is evident and accessible for study. Pietrosu Peak reaches a height of 2102 m (6896 ft). To the south are extinct volcanoes.The mountains are surrounded by Călimani National Park.
 The Sil is a river in León (Castile and León) and Galicia Spain a tributary of the Miño. Its total length is 225 km. The source of the Sil is in the Cantabrian Mountains in the Leonese town of Villablino. It flows through the provinces of León and Ourense. The largest city on the Sil is Ponferrada (León). The Sil flows into the Miño upstream from Ourense.
 Rolling Thunder Mountain (10908 feet (3325 m)) is in the northern Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming. The peak is located northwest of Moran Bay on Jackson Lake and access to the peak involves navigating through several miles of backcountry areas of Snowshoe Canyon where there are no maintained trails.
 The Capetinga River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Ella Bay is located in the Cassowary Coast Regional Council (CCRC) shire in Far North Queensland Australia. It is within close proximity to the town of Innisfail. Innisfail is positioned in the middle of the Cassowary Coast and is situated 88 kilometres (55 mi) south of Cairns and 260 kilometres (160 mi) north of Townsville.At the landscape scale the mountain ranges encircling Ella Bay itself lie mostly within the Wet Tropics World Heritage Area recognised for its natural heritage.
 Lake Lillian is a 36-acre (150000 m2) freshwater lake in northern Highlands County Florida. It is adjacent to the Avon Park Lakes Subdivision north of the city of Avon Park. The slope of the lake drops quickly from the shoreline to a depth of about 45 feet (14 m).This lake has no public access as it is entirely surrounded by private property. On the northeast side is the now vacant Walker Memorial Hospital. On the southwest side is the local Seventh-day Adventist Church.
 Kuan Han-ch'ing is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 151 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Kuan Han-ch'ing is named for the Chinese playwright Guan Hanqing who lived from 1241 to 1320.
 The Știrlivăț River is a tributary of the Ilișești River in Romania.
 Maria Celeste is an impact crater on Venus named in honor of Maria Celeste the daughter of Galileo Galilei.
 Wahcheechee Mountain (8418 feet (2566 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Stoney Indian Lake is just northeast of the peak.
 The Comemoração River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Menach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Setzehorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Bellwald in the canton of Valais. It lies south of the Galmihorn on the range lying between the Fiescher Glacier and the main Rhone valley.
 Piz d'Arpiglias is a mountain of the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located east of Susch in the canton of Graubünden. Its eastern side is part of the Swiss National Park (Macun Seeplatte).
 Pelican Lake is a lake in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in the town of Sioux Lookout and in Unorganized Kenora District in Kenora District northwestern Ontario Canada. It is about 8.5 kilometres (5.3 mi) long and 6.3 kilometres (3.9 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 356 metres (1168 ft).
 Araluen Creek a partly perennial stream of the Moruya River catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands and South Coast regions of New South Wales Australia.
 South Morava or in the past Bulgarian Morava (Serbian Јужна Морава Južna Morava; pronounced [jûːʒnaː mɔ̝̌rav̞a]; Macedonian Јужна Морава; Bulgarian Южна Морава or Българска Морава) is a river in southern Serbia which represents the shorter headwater of Great Morava. Today it is 295 km long. It flows generally in the south to north direction from Macedonian border to Central Serbia where it meets West Morava at Stalać to create Great Morava.
 The Junction House Range is a mountain range in Washoe County Nevada.
 The Ludeasa River is a tributary of the Horezu River in Romania. The river is said to smell like the tears of a gypsy.
 Šafařík is a small lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies due north of the crater Tiselius and to the east-southeast of Sharonov. This is a worn and eroded crater with smaller impacts along the rim to the east and northwest. The remainder of the worn rim and the interior are relatively featureless.
 The Ameringkogel is a mountain in the Alps located in Austria. It is the highest peak of the Styrian Prealps.
 Monte Cornetto is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 1899 metres (6230 ft).
 Lac des Plagnes is a lake in Haute-Savoie France.
 The South Fork John Day River is a 60-mile (97 km) tributary of the John Day River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It begins in the Malheur National Forest in Harney County about 25 miles (40 km) north-northwest of Burns and flows generally north to Dayville where it meets the main stem of the John Day River. Along the way the stream passes through the abandoned town of Izee.
 The Eastern Fells are a group of hills in the English Lake District. Centred on Helvellyn they primarily comprise a north south ridge running between Ullswater and Lakeland's Central Valley.
 Yarrow Reservoir - named after the River Yarrow - is a reservoir in the Rivington chain in Anglezarke Lancashire England and has a storage capacity second to Anglezarke Reservoir. Construction of the reservoir designed by Liverpool Borough Engineer Thomas Duncan began in 1867.In 2002 several tons of fish were transported to this reservoir when the Upper Rivington reservoir was completely drained for essential maintenance work.The construction of Yarrow Reservoir was described in Wm.
 Rankonosi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Molochnyi Estuary or Molochnyi Liman (Ukrainian: Молочний лиман) is an estuary of the Molochna River located on the north-western coast of the Sea of Azov.Parameters of the water body: Length 32 km Width 8 km Depth 3 m Area 168 km2Connected to the Sea of Azov by artificial canal.
 The Borod River or Borozel River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania. The upper reach of the river upstream of the junction with the Răchita River is sometimes designated as Şeran River.
 Monte Alfeo is a mountain in the Ligurian Apennine located in the territory of the commune of Ottone province of Piacenza central Italy in the left bank of the Val Trebbia. Having an altitude of 1651 m it is part of the Monte Antola group.It has the appearance of a large isolated pyramid with slopes covered by forests.
 Squam Lake is a lake located in central New Hampshire United States south of the White Mountains straddling the borders of Grafton Carroll and Belknap counties. The largest town center on the lake is Holderness. The lake is located northwest of much larger Lake Winnipesaukee.It drains via a short natural channel into Little Squam Lake and then through a dam at the head of the short Squam River into the Pemigewasset at Ashland.
 The Mrlina is a river located primarily in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic and a right tributary of the Labe (Elbe) River.Beginning in the Hradec Králové Region near Markvartice the Mrlina passes through the cities of Kopidlno Rožďalovice and Křinec and the villages of Nadslav Střevač Chyjice Žitenín Bartoušov Pševes Mlýnec Podlužany Vestec Rašovice and Budiměřice before joining the Labe River at Nymburk.The Mrlina flooded in early January 2003 requiring the 220 inhabitants of Vestec to evacuate.
 Kvichak Bay is an arm on the northeast side of Bristol Bay in southern Alaska at 58°26′N 157°54′W. It is 80 km (50 mi) long and 48 km (30 mi) wide. The Kvichak River flows into the bay at its furthest northeast point while the Naknek River comes in from the east about 16 km (9.9 mi) to the south of the Kvichak.
 Holzgraben (Fulda) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Oak Orchard Creek is a tributary of Lake Ontario in Orleans County New York in the United States.Oak Orchard Creek rises south of Oak Orchard Creek Marsh (also called the Alabama Swamp) at the border of Orleans and Genesee Counties. The swamp contains a state reserve Oak Orchard Wildlife Management Area and a national reserve the Iroquois National Wildlife Refuge both of which are known as major stopover points for migratory birds.
 The Loggerhead Creek is a river of the Bahamas.
 The Dagüey is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Aristotle Mountains (Bulgarian: планина Аристотел ‘Planina Aristotel’ \pla-ni-'na a-ri-'sto-tel\) is the fan-shaped sequence of ridges spreading east-northeastwards from its summit Madrid Dome (1650 m) on Oscar II Coast Graham Land in Antarctica.
 The Valea Arșiței River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 The Potomac River /pəˈtoʊmək/ is located along the mid-Atlantic coast of the United States and flows into the Chesapeake Bay. The river (main stem and North Branch) is approximately 405 miles (652 km) long with a drainage area of about 14700 square miles (38000 km²). In terms of area this makes the Potomac River the fourth largest river along the Atlantic coast of the United States and the 21st largest in the United States. Over 5 million people live within the Potomac watershed.
 Skasen is a lake in the municipalities of Grue and Kongsvinger in Hedmark county Norway.
 Mount Trutch is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1920 after Sir Joseph Trutch.
 Seleya (Russian: Селея) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 20 km. It flows into the Kolva River at the point located 351 km away from the Kolva's mouth.
 Ajodhya Hills (Bengali: অযোধ্যা পাহাড়) is a hill located in the Purulia district of the state West Bengal India. It is a part of the Dalma Hills and extended part of Eastern Ghats range. Highest peak of Ajodhya Hills is Gorgaburu. The nearby populated town area is Bagmundi.
 Wrights Lake is in the Sierra Nevada mountain range west of Lake Tahoe on the western border of the Desolation Wilderness. It can be reached via Wrights Road off U.S. Route 50 and the Ice House Road. It provides hiking access to the western portions of the Desolation Wilderness via the Twin Lakes trailhead. Wrights Road is not plowed and is inaccessible during the winter.
 The Boița River is a tributary of the Răchitova River in Romania.
 Lac des Brenets or Lac de Chaillexon (as it's named in France) is a lake on the Doubs River on the border of Switzerland and France.
 Monte Gradiccioli is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps located between Indemini and Sigirino in the canton of Ticino. It lies south of Monte Tamaro on the range between Lake Maggiore and Lake Lugano.
 The Gurans Himal is a small subrange of the Himalaya in far western Nepal. It is little-known since it does not contain any 8000 metre peaks or even any peaks above 7200 metres. Its highest peak is Api 7132 m (23399 ft) which despite its relatively low height compared to the major Himalayan peaks rises dramatically from a low base as do the other significant peaks of the Gurans Himal.H. Adams Carter's classification of the Himalaya divides the Gurans Himal into two subsections.
 Lake Krasnoye (Russian: озеро Красное literally Red Lake before 1948 Punnusjärvi Finnish: Punnusjärvi) is a 6.9 km by 2.8 km lake in the central part of the Karelian Isthmus in Priozersky District of Leningrad Oblast near Korobitsyno. The lake belongs to the River Vuoksi drainage basin. Its area is about 9 km2.
 Qallumayu (Quechua qallu tongue mayu river tongue river hispanicized spelling Callumayo) is a river in the Andes of Peru located in the Arequipa Region Caylloma Province Lari District. It is a right tributary of the Colca River.
 The Taugl or also Tauglbach is a river that arises near the Gennerhorn (Salzburg) on a Sea Level of approx. 1700 metres. He flows from south to north to the Hintersee and merges with it. The river reaches a length of approx. 10 km of these are 8 km ravine. It is therefore classified as a dangerous white water. The water has A grade quality.
 Frenchman River or Frenchman Creek is a river in Saskatchewan Canada and Montana United States. It is a tributary of the Milk River itself a tributary of the Missouri.The river is approximately 341 kilometers (212 mi) long.The name origin is uncertain although both metis and francophone settlers inhabited its banks at the turn of the 20th century.The Frenchman Formation a stratigraphical unit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin was named for the river.
 Mount Pankenūshi (パンケヌーシ岳 Pankenūshi-dake) or Mount Memuro Western Peak (芽室岳西峰 Memuro-dake Sei-hō) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. This mountain is the western summit of Mount Memuro.
 Münsterer Alte is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Patoc is a little studied strongly fumarolic stratovolcano in the Philippines. Patoc is located in Mountain Province part of the Cordillera Central range on the island of Luzon in the Philippines. It is located 6 cadastral kilometres north of Bontoc at latitude 17.147°N (17°8'48N) longitude 120.98°E (120°58'48E).
 Pedu Lake is a man made lake located in the State of Kedah North Malaysia. Located about 5 km from Thailand this huge lake covers an area of 75 km².
 The Salcia River is a tributary of the Izvorul Cătunului River in Romania
 The Traful River is a river of Argentina.
 The Hampton River is a 12.3-mile-long (19.8 km) tidal river in Glynn County Georgia. It forms the channel between Saint Simons Island and Little Saint Simons Island on the Atlantic coast.
 The Sibișel River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 Lingambudhi Lake is a lake in the city of Mysore India.Mysore city has three healthy and surviving water bodies-Kukkarahalli Karanji & Lingambudhi supporting moderate bio-diversity. Among them Lingambudhi stands first in terms of richness entirely due to its location bordering growing city.Lingambudhi lake is a perennial freshwater lake situated in the basin of River Cauvery.
 The Johns River is an extension of Johns Bay in Lincoln County Maine. From Johns Island it runs 2.5 miles (4 km) north then splits into its Eastern Branch and North Branch which run about a mile further north. It forms part of the border between Bristol and South Bristol.
 The Bow River is a river in the Canadian province of Alberta. It begins in the Rocky Mountains and winds through the Alberta foothills onto the prairies before joining the Oldman River. The confluence of the Bow River and Oldman River form the South Saskatchewan River. These waters ultimately flow through the Nelson River into Hudson Bay. The river runs through the city of Calgary.
 Dial Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York.
 Motala ström is the river system that drains lake Vättern the second largest lake in Sweden into the Baltic Sea in Norrköping. It is named from the city Motala where it begins. In the early 19th century the Göta Canal was constructed in parallel with Motala ström.
 Skardtind is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Zugerberg (el. 1039 m.) is a mountain overlooking Zug and Lake Zug in the canton of Zug. It lies approximately halfway between Lake Zug and Lake Ägeri.The Zugerbergbahn funicular connects the Zugerberg from Zug. The upper station is located at a height of 925 metres and is a popular vantage point as well as a recreational area. The summit proper is entirely wooded.A road pass named Sätteli (975 m) is located north of the summit.
 The Vâlcelul Îndrăcit River is a tributary of the Valea Glăjăriei in Romania.
 Mount Dokkarimui (トッカリムイ岳 Dokkarimui-dake) is a volcano located on the Shiretoko Peninsula in Hokkaido Japan.
 Hogback Mountain or Hogsback Mountain is a small hill northeast of Klamath Falls Oregon United States. Hogback was named because from Klamath Falls the hill looks similar to the shoulders of a pig.The majority of Hogback is privately owned but open to hikers. Fence tampering and all-terrain vehicle (ATV) use is strictly prohibited due to livestock activities on the mountain and surrounding areas.
 Weismain is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Maringma-tepui also written Mount Maringma and historically known as Mount Marima is a small tepui of the Pacaraima Mountains in Cuyuni-Mazaruni Guyana. It is known as Malaima-tepui in the local Akawaio language. Most published sources place it just inside Guyanese territory very close to the border with Brazil and around 17 kilometres (11 mi) east of Roraima-tepui.
 The Padina River is a tributary of the Râul Satului in Romania.
 The Țichindeal River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 The Lubiane is a small river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. It flows entirely within the town of Vence. It is a right tributary of the Cagne.
 Große Wünnow is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62.1 m its surface area is 0.28 km².
 Middle Hill Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Fânânița River is a tributary of the Chilbucuț River in Romania.
 Schwarzenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Hoh River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington located on the Olympic Peninsula. About 56 miles (90 km) long the Hoh River originates at the Hoh Glacier on Mount Olympus and flows west through the Olympic Mountains of Olympic National Park and Olympic National Forest then through the foothills in a broad valley emptying into the Pacific Ocean at the Hoh Indian Reservation.
 Panum Crater is a volcanic cone that is part of the Mono-Inyo Craters a chain of recent volcanic cones south of Mono Lake and east of the Sierra Nevada in California USA. Panum Crater is between 600 and 700 years old and it exhibits all of the characteristics of the textbook rhyolitic lava dome. Rhyolitic volcanoes are characterized by having large amounts of silica (quartz) in their lava. The content of silica at Panum is about 76 percent.
 The Șesul Băgăului River or Pusta Băgăului River ( Hungarian: Bagó-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Kitten Mountain (Chinese: 猫儿山; pinyin: Māo'ér Shān) is a 2142 metres (7028 ft) mountain located on the border between Ziyuan County and Xing'an County Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region (GZAR) in the People's Republic of China that lies about 80 kilometres (50 mi) from the prefecture-level city of Guilin.
 The Rașca River is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania.
 Blanchard is a lunar crater that lies on the far side of the Moon just behind the southwestern limb. It lies to the south-southwest of the crater Arrhenius and northwest of Pilâtre. Further to the south is the rugged terrain to the north of the walled plain Hausen.The rim of Blanchard is worn and rounded with a slight elongation along a northeastern direction. There is a break in the northwest rim formed by the satellite crater Blanchard P.
 The Dracsin River also known as Valea lui Aron River (Dracsin) is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Pulido Rivers is a river of Chile.
 Should not be confused with West Rock another traprock summit in ConnecticutWest Peak 1024 feet (312 m) of the Hanging Hills is the highest traprock peak in the state of Connecticut. The peak hangs above the city of Meriden 700 feet (213 m) below and is characterized by its vertical cliffs and sweeping views of southern Connecticut Long Island Sound and the Berkshires to the west.
 Gur Beck is a minor watercourse which rises in the north of the English county of Norfolk. It is a tributary of the Scarrow Beck. Its spring is a little east of the North Norfolk village of West Beckham. It eventually merges after 4.2 miles (6.8 km) with the Scarrow Beck at Sustead. There is one watermill on the beck. This can be found in the village of Gresham but is no longer in working order.
 The Saint-Gotthard Massif (German: Gotthardmassiv) is a mountain range in the Alps in Switzerland located at the border of four cantons: Valais Ticino Uri and Graubünden. The Gotthard Pass is named after it.The highest peaks of the massif are Dammastock (3630 m) in its northwestern part Pizzo Rotondo (3192 m) southwest Oberalpstock (3328 m) northeast. There is no peak named Saint-Gothard.Template:Portal:Switzerland/StubTemplate:Portal:Switzerland/StubTemplate:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Mesquite Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County southern California.The hills are protected within the Mojave National Preserve.
 The Oglio (Latin Ollius or Olius; Lombard Òi) is a left-side tributary of the Po River in Lombardy Italy. It is 280 km long.
 The Pârâul cu Salcâmi is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Pike Lake State Park is located in the midst of the wooded hills of Pike County in the southern part of the U.S. state of Ohio near the village of Bainbridge. The park contains a small lake with surrounding state forest a campground and cabins. It is one of 73 state parks.
 Skinner Reservoir also known as Lake Skinner is a reservoir in western Riverside County California located at the foot of Bachelor Mountain in the Auld Valley approximately 10 miles (15 km) northeast of Temecula.
 The Virgin Valley is a valley in northwest Arizona and southeast Nevada on the Virgin River.
 The Pârâul Cărbunarilor is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Veerse is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Rainbichl (Tyrlaching) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Koznica (Serbian Cyrillic: Козница) is a mountain in western Kosovo near the town of Novo Brdo. Its highest peak Grbeš has an altitude of 1230 metres (4040 ft) above sea level. It is part of the Goljak mountains. The city of Pristina is located to the west of the mountain.
 Belfast Lough (Irish: Loch Lao or Loch Laoigh; Ulster-Scots: Bilfawst Loch or Craigfergus Loch) is a large natural intertidal sea lough at the mouth of the River Lagan on the east coast of Northern Ireland. The inner part of the lough comprises a series of mudflats and lagoons. The outer lough is restricted to mainly rocky shores with some small sandy bays.
 Lake Gregory is an artificial lake in the San Bernardino National Forest of the San Bernardino Mountains in San Bernardino County California. The lake and the surrounding area make up the Lake Gregory Regional Park adjacent to Crestline California.The area originally known as Houston Flat was developed by and named for its developer Redlands citrus grower Arthur Gregory Sr. Gregory bought and developed land in an area known today as Valley of the Moon.
 The Țigla River is a tributary of the Nirajul Mare River in Romania.
 Gagnåsvatnet or Gangåsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The 5.49-square-kilometre (1360-acre) lake is located about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) southwest of Orkanger and about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) west of Fannrem in the Orkdalen valley.The water flows into the lake from the Songa river which flows out of the lake Våvatnet on the border of Orkdal and Snillfjord.
 Cime du Gélas (Italian: Monte Gelàs) is a 3143 m high mountain on the boundary between France (Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region) and Italy (province of Cuneo). It is part of the Maritime Alps.It is the highest peak of the Mercantour National Park while on the Italian side it is included in the Maritime Alps Natural Park. Geologically it is part of the Argentera massif and is mostly formed by granitoid gneiss.
 The Diemel is a river in Hesse and North Rhine-Westphalia Germany left tributary of the Weser. Its source is near Willingen in Sauerland. The Diemel flows generally northeast through the towns Marsberg Warburg and Trendelburg. It flows into the Weser in Bad Karlshafen. The total length of the Diemel is 106 km.
 Steinbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Hiuchi is a stratovolcano in Nikko National Park Japan 140 km from Tokyo. The volcano rises above Lake Ozenuma.
 The Grenchenberg (1405 m) is a mountain of the Jura located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Solothurn. The mountain is named after the town of Grenchen located on its south side.
 Terrace Mountain (elev. 8002 ft or 2439 m) is a mountain peak in the Gallatin Range in Yellowstone National Park Wyoming United States. The mountain is located 2.2 miles (3.5 km) southwest of Mammoth Hot Springs. Terrace Mountain was named by the 1878 Hayden Geological Survey because of its proximity to the travertine terraces at Mammoth and because it too is an ancient travertine terrace.
 Citadel Mountain (9035 feet / 2754 meters) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The mountain is located at the western edge of Saint Mary Lake and is easily seen from the Going-to-the-Sun Road.
 The Bagagem River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Bedeleu River is a tributary of the Inzel River in Romania.
 Segget River (Malay: Sungai Segget Chinese: 纱玉河) is a river in Johor state Malaysia. The length of the river is about 4280 meters. It starts from the current Johor Bahru Chinese Cemetery through the downtown of Johor Bahru city and ends at Johor Straits.The Segget River flows through the east bank and the west bank of the river. There is a small shaped triangle island called Segget Island. There is a wet market on the island. The West Bank of Segget River was mostly settled by Teochew.
 Tanganasoga is the main volcano of El Hierro's El Golfo area in the Canary Islands consisting of a cinder cone. The volcano is part of a much larger shield volcano system.
 Punta San Matteo is a secondary peak of Ortler-Vioz in the Ortler Alps at the border between the Province of Sondrio (Lombardy region) and Trentino (Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol region) in northern Italy. It was the scene of the Battle of San Matteo in World War I which until the 1999 Kargil war has been the highest battlefield in modern warfare history.
 Lake Phú Ninh is an artificial lake in Phú Ninh District Quảng Nam Province Vietnam.
 The Cordillera de Oncol (sometimes called Valdivian Coast Range) is a mountain range located along the Pacific coast in southern Chile. It is part of the Chilean Coast Range System (Cordillera de la Costa).Named for the city of Valdivia. The highest point of the range is Cerro Oncol with 715 m.
 Lac d'Aiguebelette is a natural lake in the Savoie department of France.
 Imperial Reservoir is a reservoir in Pecos County Texas United States.
 The Flute Reed River is a 10.5-mile-long (16.9 km) stream in northeastern Minnesota United States flowing into Lake Superior at the village of Hovland.Early in author Calvin Rutstrum's life he lived in a cabin on the Flute Reed river.
 Karjatse meri is a lake of Estonia.
 Bully Creek Reservoir is a reservoir in Malheur County of the U.S. state of Oregon. It is an impoundment of Bully Creek a tributary of the Malheur River.It is a crescent-shaped reservoir located 9 miles (14 km) west of Vale and a 45 minute drive from I-84. The reservoir and its dam have paved road access by Bully Creek Road from Vale W Highway.
 Little Carp River is a 9.1-mile-long (14.6 km) stream in Baraga County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The Little Carp River rises at 46°46′22″N 88°34′34″W on the Upper Peninsula.The river flows generally to the northeast and empties into Keweenaw Bay of Lake Superior at 46°50′06″N 88°28′55″W on the southeast side of the Keweenaw Peninsula.
 Sierra Velluda is a massive Pleistocene stratovolcano located immediately southwest of the Antuco Volcano in the Bío Bío Region of Chile. The heavily glaciated mountain has two main summits and is the tallest mountain in Laguna del Laja National Park.
 Skiddaw Little Man also called Little Man is a fell in the English Lake District it is situated four kilometres north of the town of Keswick and reaches a height of 865 m (2837 ft).
 Lake Seminole is a freshwater lake located in urban Pinellas County in the U.S. state of Florida. The lake is located in the town of Seminole about 20 miles (32 km) west of Tampa. Lake Seminole is the second largest lake in Pinellas County with a surface area of 700 acres (2.8 km2).Once a tidal estuary Lake Seminole was created in the 1940s by closing of the upper portion of Long Bayou.
 Paul Bunyans Cabin (8490 feet (2588 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Paul Bunyans Cabin is on a rock spur immediately SSE of Longfellow Peak and from certain angles appears as a Log cabin. Lake Evangeline is northeast of the peak and Ruger Lake is to the east.
 Coleman Creek in San Diego County California is a tributary of the San Diego River that arises at the top of the valley running southeasterly from Julian at a saddle between two ridges of the Cuyamaca Mountains just south of Kentwood-In-The-Pines.
 The Sugura River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The North Fork Snake River is a tributary of the Snake River in central Colorado in the United States. It flows from a source near Loveland Pass to a confluence with the Snake River in Keystone.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Berrien County Michigan United States. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 735 feet (224 m).
 Pic de Finestrelles is a mountain of Catalonia. Located in the Pyrenees in the area bordering France and Spain it has an altitude of 2826 metres (9272 ft) above sea level.
 Criffel is a hill in southern Galloway Scotland. It is 570 metres high but appears higher because of its great isolation and high relative height — it is the eighth most prominent hill in Southern Scotland. It is a prominent feature in many of the views from the northern Lake District on a clear day. It is surrounded by a host of satellites including Long Fell Maidenpap and Bainloch Hill.
 The Old Course Saco River is a 21.9-mile-long (35.2 km) river in the town of Fryeburg in western Maine in the United States. It was the route of the Saco River until the early 1800s when the river's current course (called at first the Canal River) was dug to shorten its length considerably.[citation needed]
 At 248 metres (814 ft) Dogbury Hill is one of the highest hills in the county of Dorset England. It is the site of a prehistoric hill fort.
 The Flinders River is the longest river in Queensland Australia at about 1004 kilometres (624 mi). The river rises in the Burra Range part of the Great Dividing Range 110 km northeast of Hughenden and flows in a westerly direction past Hughenden Richmond and Julia Creek then northwest to the Gulf of Carpentaria 25 km west of Karumba Queensland. The south of the catchment is bordered by the Selwyn Range.At 1004 km in length it is the sixth longest river in Australia.
 The Bighorn Mountains are a mountain range in San Bernardino County California.
 The Pârâul Popii is a tributary of the Pârâul Ursului in Romania.
 The Țiganca River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Roche Ronde is a mountain located in the Bosche Range in Alberta Canada. The mountain was named for the rounded summit.
 The Hijaz Mountains or Hejaz Range is a mountain range is located in the Hejaz region of western Saudi Arabia.The range runs north—south along the eastern coast of the Red Sea.
 Baekdu Paektu or Changbai Mountain is an active volcano on the border between North Korea and China. At 2744 m (9003 ft) it is the highest mountain of the Changbai and Baekdudaegan ranges. It is also the highest mountain on the Korean Peninsula and in northeastern China. A large crater lake called Heaven Lake is in the caldera atop the mountain.
 Tuc del Caubo is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Serra de Costuix Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2557 metres above sea level.
 Blackett Creek is a river in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It starts at Blackett Lake at an elevation of 325 metres (1066 ft) and travels 8.5 kilometres (5.3 mi) to its mouth at the Whitesand River at an elevation of 313 metres (1027 ft).
 The Balomiraș River is a tributary of the Balomir River in Romania
 Karaj River is a river of northern Iran. It flows through the Alborz mountain range.
 Stonebarrow Hill is a hill near the coast of Dorset England with a height of 486 feet (148 m) that forms the west-southwestern spur of Chardown Hill. Stonebarrow and the surrounding area is notable for its landslides. The hill is often a starting point for walks around the Golden Cap estate.
 The Valea Rece River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Tieton River is a tributary of the Naches River in Yakima County Washington in the United States.The Tieton River begins in two forks the North Fork Tieton River and South Fork Tieton River. The North Fork originates at McCall Glacier on the eastern sides of Old Snowy Mountain Ives Peak and the Goat Rocks for which the Goat Rocks Wilderness is named.
 Devils Peak (or Mount Diablo) at 2429 feet (740 m) is the tallest peak on the Channel Islands of California. It is located on Santa Cruz Island within Channel Islands National Park on land owned by The Nature Conservancy. Visiting the area requires a permit.Devil's Peak is the highest mountain on an ocean island in the contiguous 48 states edging out Mount Constitution on Orcas Island by a few feet.
 Piz Griatschouls is a mountain of the Albula Alps located north of Zuoz in the canton of Graubünden. It lies east of Piz Val Müra on the range between the Val Viluoch and the main Inn valley.
 Sugarloaf Mountain (Portuguese: Pão de Açúcar) is a peak situated in Rio de Janeiro Brazil at the mouth of Guanabara Bay on a peninsula that sticks out into the Atlantic Ocean. Rising 396 metres (1299 ft) above the harbor its name is said to refer to its resemblance to the traditional shape of concentrated refined loaf sugar.
 Obongsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 967 metres.
 Kotitzer Wasser is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Lake Julius was formed following the construction of Julius Dam in 1976 for irrigation and town water storage. The dam wall is located just below the junction of the Leichhardt River and Paroo Creek some 70 kilometres (43 mi) North East of Mount Isa.
 Kaltenmühlbach is an 8.3 km long left tributary of the Waldnaab in the Upper Palatinate in Bavaria Germany. It rises in the High Thaner Forest and flows to the Waldnaab.
 Huddlesford Junction (grid reference SK150095) is a canal junction at the original north-eastern limit of the Wyrley and Essington Canal where it met the Coventry Canal near Lichfield in Staffordshire England.
 Boistfort Peak also called Baw Faw Peak is a peak in the Willapa Hills in Washington state. The summit was once the site of a fire lookout.Today it has communication antennae including the N7PRJ 2-meter ham repeater. It also is the site of station BOW in the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network.
 Klistervatnet is a lake that lies on the border between Norway and Russia. The 17.2-square-kilometre (6.6 sq mi) lake lies on the river Pasvikelva and it is about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) long and 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) wide. The lake is located north of lake Bjørnevatnet.
 Harsleber Bach is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Wietze is a river 29 kilometres long in the South Lüneburg Heath in Lower Saxony Germany.The river rises east of the Soltau suburb of Moide and flows from there in a southerly direction to Wietzendorf. Here it is joined by the only tributary of any size the Aue. The Aue has two source streams: the Hötzinger Aue which rises north of Stübeckshorn 98 m above sea level and the Alvernsche Aue that has its source northwest of Alvern 86 m above sea level.
 Høgstolen is a mountain in the municipalities of Rauma and Norddal in Møre og Romsdal county Norway in the Tafjordfjella mountain range.It has a height of 1953 m.a.s.l.Høgstolen lies within the Reinheimen National Park between Puttegga and Karitind.There are also other (lower) mountains with the same name in Møre og Romsdal.
 Marion Lake is an alpine lake located in Linn County of the U.S. state of Oregon. The lake is in central Oregon's Cascades within the Mount Jefferson Wilderness.
 Casadepaga River (also Koshotok and Koksuktapaga) is a waterway in the U.S. state of Alaska near Nome. It is the largest southern branch of the Niukluk River. It has a length of about 30 miles (48 km) and a general northeasterly course.
 Dall Lake is a 24-mile-long (37 km) lake in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is located 70 miles (110 km) southwest of Bethel and is named for naturalist W. H. Dall.
 Pogled (Serbian Cyrillic: Поглед) is a mountain peak on the border between Kosovo Serbia and Montenegro. With an elevation of 2156 meters it is the highest peak of Mokna which is part of the Prokletije. Pogled is just east of the second highest peak on Mokna Beleg.
 The Wallace River is a medium sized river in Washington United States. It is a tributary of the Skykomish River and joins near Sultan just upstream from the mouth of the Sultan River. The Wallace River is 15 miles (24 km) long. Its drainage basin is 30 square miles (78 km2) in area.
 Llyn Celyn is a large reservoir constructed between 1960 and 1965 in the valley of the River Tryweryn in Gwynedd North Wales. It measures roughly 2½ miles long by a mile wide and has a maximum depth of 140 ft (43 m). It has the capacity to hold 71200 megalitres of water.It was originally to be named Llyn Tryweryn Mawr but in September 1964 Liverpool Corporation agreed to the name change following a letter by the Tryweryn Defence Committee.
 Mount Samsari (Georgian: სამსარი) is a peak of the Abul-Samsari Range in Southern Georgia. The elevation of the mountain is 3285 metres (10778 ft) above sea level. Mount Samsari represents a volcanic cone inside of which lies a caldera with a diameter of 3 kilometres (1.9 mi). The floor of the caldera is lined with rocks and glacial debris as well as small lakes. The mountain was built up during the late quaternary period and is made up of dacites.
 Half Moon Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. Located off northwestern Bathurst Island the bay is on the east side of May Inlet. Other bays in the area include Purcell Bay Dampier Bay and Stuart Bay.
 Thrissur Kole Wetlands (Malayalam: തൃശൂര് കോള്‍ പാടങ്ങള്‍) is a unique wetlands lying in Thrissur District in Kerala India. It gives 40 per cent of the Kerala’s rice requirement and acts as a natural drainage system for Thrissur city and Thrissur District. The Kole Wetlands is one of largest highly productive and threatened wetlands in Kerala and has been declared in Ramsar Convention for protection and it comes in Central Asian Flyway of migratory birds.
 Scheibenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Cioara River ( Hungarian: Csóra-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Mud Pond also known as Mud Lake is a lake located near Sunapee in Sullivan County within the U.S. state of New Hampshire.
 March is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 70 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. March is named for the Catalan poet Ausias March who lived from 1397 to 1459.
 The Wilson River New Zealand is a river in southern Fiordland New Zealand. It flows into the Tasman Sea 5 km south-east of Puysegur Point.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Râul Doamnei in Romania.
 Kintla Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated on a plateau 2 miles (3.2 km) southwest of Kintla Peak at an elevation between 8700 feet (2700 m) and 7700 feet (2300 m) above sea level. The glacier has numerous crevasses and is actually two glaciers with a combined area of 280 acres (110 ha) as of 2005. This is a 34 percent decrease in area from 1966.
 Mount Weeks is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is named for United States Senator John W. Weeks (1860–1926) of nearby Lancaster New Hampshire the sponsor of the Weeks Act of 1911 under which the White Mountain National Forest was established. Mt. Weeks is the northeasternmost of the Pliny Range of the White Mountains and the highest point within the city limits of Berlin New Hampshire.
 Jangmisan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 978.8 m (3211 ft).
 Coyote Creek is a stream in the Richardson Bay watershed draining Tamalpais-Homestead Valley California (Tam Valley) eastward into Richardson Bay Marin County California United States. The stream originates on Coyote Ridge and flows 2.5 miles to the Bay at the south end of Bothin Marsh.
 Mount Scenery is a potentially active volcano in the Caribbean Netherlands. Its lava dome forms the summit of the Saba island stratovolcano.
 Monte Ferone is a mountain of Lombardy Italy It has an elevation of 2409 metres (7904 ft).
 Northwest Branch Anacostia River is a 21.5-mile-long (34.6 km) free-flowing stream in Montgomery County and Prince George's County Maryland. It is a tributary of the Anacostia River which flows to the Potomac River and the Chesapeake Bay.
 Rötenbach (Kocher) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Cameron Creek is one of the four main creeks that flow through the city of Visalia and the surrounding communities.
 Rognstadkollen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Yeak Loam (Khmer: បឹងយក្សឡោម Khmer pronunciation: [jeaʔ laom]) also spelled Yak Lom or Yak Loum is a lake and a popular tourist destination in the Ratanakiri province of northeastern Cambodia. Located approximately 3 mi (4.8 km) from the provincial capital Banlung the beautiful lake occupies a 4000-year-old volcanic crater. Due to the lake’s tremendous depth (157 ft or 48 m) its water is exceptionally clean and clear.
 Ajo Peak (O'odham: S-vepegĭ moʼokam or To:lo Vipidoḍ We:co) is a mountain peak in southern Arizona in the north-and-east Sonoran Desert. Two peaks are nearby Cardigan Peak at 2922 feet (891 m) and North Ajo Peak 2776 feet (846 m).The mountain peak reaches 2619 feet (798 m) in height.Ajo Arizona in the central-east of the mountains-(Spanish for garlic) is the access point for the entire central areas of the Little Ajo Mountains including Ajo Peak.
 Stożek Wielki (Czech: Velký Stožek) (literally big cone) is a mountain on the border of Poland and the Czech Republic in the Silesian Beskids mountain range. It reaches a height of 978 meters.The border can be crossed on the top which is in easy range of the town of Wisła.
 The Trujillo River is a river of Mexico.
 The River Cam is a tributary of the River Yeo in the south of Somerset England.The Cam rises east of Yarlington (51°00′06″N 2°38′11″W). It flows south west past North Cadbury Sparkford Queen Camel and West Camel and joins the Yeo near Yeovilton (51°00′06″N 2°38′11″W).Other tributaries include the stream through Blackford and Compton Pauncefoot (B&CP) and benefited from works in the 1980s to the riverbanks in Blackford to help keep the water moving.
 Aar is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Tosna River (Russian: То́сна) is a river in Luzhsky Tosnensky and Kirovsky Districts of Leningrad Oblast Russia as well as in the city of Saint Petersburg. It is a left tributary of Neva River. The towns of Tosno Nikolskoye and Otradnoye as well as the urban-type settlement of Ulyanovka are located along the Tosna. The length of the Tosna is 121 kilometres (75 mi) and the area of its drainage basin is 1640 square kilometres (630 sq mi).
 Lake Denmark is a small lake about in Rockaway Township in Morris County New Jersey United States. Close by are Picatinny Lake in the southwest and the Green Pond in the northeast.It is located at an elevation of 961 ft (293 m) and has a triangle form. Lake Denmark has a max. length of about 4000 ft (1200 m) and a max. width of about 2000 ft (610 m). There is a large swamp with a size of about 4000 sq ft (370 m2) in the north which is part of the lake.
 The Valea Rece River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 The Coteanu River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Greenland Sea is a body of water that borders Greenland to the west the Svalbard archipelago to the east Fram Strait and the Arctic Ocean to the north and the Norwegian Sea and Iceland to the south. The Greenland Sea is often defined as part of the Arctic Ocean sometimes as part of the Atlantic Ocean. However definitions of the Arctic Ocean and its seas tend to be imprecise or arbitrary. In general usage the term Arctic Ocean would exclude the Greenland Sea.
 Big Lake is a lake in central Alberta Canada. It is located adjacent to the northwest corner of Edmonton and the southwest corner of St. Albert. Its primary inflow is the Sturgeon River. The lake sits on the sands and gravels of the Empress Formation an aquifer 30 m (98 ft) below its surface that was laid down by retreating glacial meltwaters.Big Lake is part of the 260 km (160 mi) long Sturgeon River that begins at Hoople Lake and flows east to the North Saskatchewan River.
 Slieve Rushen is a mountain which straddles the border between County Cavan in the Republic of Ireland and County Fermanagh in Northern Ireland. It is also called Slieve Russell or Ligavegra (Also Legavagra Ligavagra). It has an altitude of 404 metres above sea-level. OS 1/50k Mapsheet: 27A & 26. Grid Ref: H234 226.The mountain is made up of grey limestone with a cap of sandstone and shales and is extensively quarried by local companies.
 The Tazlăul Mare River is a headwater of the Tazlău River in Romania.
 The Pakowhai River is a river of the Wairarapa in the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows initially north then east from its sources northeast of Masterton reaching the Mataikona River 10 kilometres from the coast of the Pacific Ocean.
 Crap Grisch (also known as Planggenhorn) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps situated between Vals and Safien in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
 Bald Mountain is a prominent peak in Lackawanna County which stands above the Wilkes-Barre and Scranton area and the Wyoming Valley. On the summit is an outcrop of Catskill conglomerate (Devonian age) known as the Pinnacle Rock. From the summit you may view the northernmost extension of the geologic province known as the Glaciated Low Plateaus section. The mountain itself is in the Ridge and Valley Appalachians.
 Aegaleo (Greek Αιγάλεω or Ποικίλον Όρος Aigáleo Latin Aegaleus) also Aigaleo and Egaleo is a mountain in Greece. It is situated west of Athens southeast of Eleusis east of the island of Salamis and northwest of Piraeus. Most of the mountain is rocky. It is shorter than Hymettus. Most of the forest is to its north where the monastery Daphni (Daphnion) is located. There is also a park in its northern reaches.
 The Tohoratea River is a short river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southeast from its origins south of Ruatoria to reach the Pacific Ocean to the north of Waipiro Bay.
 The Pongaroa River is a river of the southern Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southeast from the Puketoi Range west of Pahiatua reaching the Owahanga River 15 kilometres from the latter's outflow into the Pacific Ocean.
 Moore is an impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. Like much of the far side Moore is located in a region that has been saturated by impacts. Nearby craters of note are Larmor to the south-southwest and Parsons about the same distance to the west.This crater has been worn and damaged by subsequent impacts particularly along the western rim where it is overlain by a double-crater.
 The Mantaro River (Spanish: Río Mantaro Quechua: Hatunmayu) is a long river running through the central region of Peru. Its Quechua name means great river. The word Mantaro may be a word originally from the Ashaninka language who live downstream along the Ene River. The Mantaro along with the Apurimac River holds the distinction of being the source of the Amazon River depending on the criteria used for definition.
 Dillberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.de:Dillberg
 Mam Tor is a 517 m (1696 ft) hill near Castleton in the High Peak of Derbyshire England. Its name means mother hill so called because frequent landslips on its eastern face have resulted in a multitude of 'mini-hills' beneath it. These landslips which are caused by unstable lower layers of shale also give the hill its alternative name of Shivering Mountain.
 The Sirimpău River is a tributary of the Botfei River in Romania.
 Ørstafjorden is a fjord in Ørsta Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 10-kilometre (6.2 mi) long fjord runs from the village of Ørsta to the Vartdalsfjorden. The fjord is about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) wide and the deepest point in the fjord reaches 172 metres (564 ft) below sea level. The European route E39 highway runs along the eastern and southern shores of the fjord. The southern entrance to the Eiksund Tunnel is located along the western shore of the fjord.
 Big Yellow Mountain is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country and wholly in the Pisgah National Forest. Its elevation reaches 5440 feet (1658 m). The mountain generates feeder streams for the North Toe River.Though named Big Yellow Mountain it is actually 64 ft (20 m) lower than nearby Little Yellow Mountain.
 The Peristeri (Greek: Περιστέρι literally pidgeon) is a small river in northwestern Messenia in the western Peloponnese in Greece. It empties into the Ionian Sea.
 Wynn Mountain (8404 feet (2562 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Wynn Mountain is south of Lake Sherburne.
 Otter Creek is a 6.5-mile-long (10.5 km) creek in Davidson County Tennessee. It is the effluent of Radnor Lake and flows through Radnor Lake State Natural Area. It is a tributary of the Little Harpeth River and via the Little Harpeth Harpeth Cumberland and Ohio rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.The creek gets its name because it once contained river otters.[citation needed]
 Preto River (Unini River) is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Unini River.
 Ibn-Rushd is a lunar impact crater located to the northwest of the larger crater Cyrillus. To the northwest is the crater Kant and to the north is Mons Penck a mountain promontory. The crater is somewhat eroded with age and the southern rim is overlain by a pair of smaller craters named Cyrillus B and C. The crater floor is relatively flat and lacks a central peak. This crater was identified as Cyrillus B prior to being renamed by the IAU.
 The Biela is a river in eastern Germany and northern Czech Republic a left tributary of the Elbe. The source near Ostrov u Tisé in the Bohemian Switzerland northwest of Děčín. After a few km it crosses into Saxony (and the Saxon Switzerland). The town Königstein is located at the confluence of the Biela with the Elbe.
 The Sakonnet River is a tidal strait in the U.S. state of Rhode Island. It flows approximately 23 km (14 mi) between Mount Hope Bay and Rhode Island Sound. It separates Aquidneck Island from the eastern portion of Newport County.
 The Peritoró River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Escondido River (Río Escondido in Spanish sometimes called Arroyo Río Escondido) is a stream in the state of Coahuila Mexico and is a tributary of the Rio Grande. The Escondido enters the Rio Grande (Rio Bravo del Norte in Mexico) at Rio Grande river kilometer 794 kilometres (493 mi) about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) downriver from Piedras Negras Coahuila and Eagle Pass Texas.The Escondido originates in the Serranias del Burro mountain range and flows generally east to the Rio Grande.
 The Schitu River or Pârâul Schitului is a tributary of the Bistriţa in Romania which it joins in Lake Izvorul Muntelui. The upper reach of the river is sometimes referred to as Slatina River
 Lake Martignano (Italian: Lago di Martignano) is a small lake in Lazio Italy 15 miles (24 km) north-north-west of Rome in an extinct crater or maar.
 The White Peak is the lower southern part of the Peak District in England. In contrast to the Dark Peak the underlying limestone is not capped by impervious millstone grit so caves and dry river valleys are common features of the area. The soils are poor and calcareous creating grazing land for both sheep and cattle.Broadly speaking the White Peak covers the Staffordshire Peaks the Cheshire Peaks around Macclesfield and the Derbyshire Peaks from the Hope Valley southwards.
 Jordan Lake is a lake of Guysborough District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Shire /ʃiːrɛ/ is the largest river in Malawi. The river has been known as the Shiré or Chire River. It is the only outlet of Lake Malawi and flows into the Zambezi River in Mozambique. Its length is 402 kilometres (250 mi). The upper Shire River issues from Lake Malawi and runs approximately 12 miles before it enters shallow Lake Malombe. It then drains Lake Malombe and flows south through Liwonde National Park where large concentrations of hippopotamus are common along its shores.
 Meesapulimala is a peak in the high ranges of Idukki district in the Indian state of Kerala. Standing at an elevation of 2640 metres (8661 ft) it is the second highest peak in the Western Ghats.
 Challenger Glacier is a tidewater glacier on the north side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. Located 1 nautical mile (2 km) east of Baudissin Glacier Challenger Glacier is 0.8 nautical miles (1.5 km) wide and flows into the eastern side of Corinthian Bay close west to Saddle Point. To the east of Challenger Glacier is Downes Glacier whose terminus is located at Mechanics Bay between Saddle Point and Cape Bidlingmaier.
 Maullín River is a river of Chile located in the Los Lagos Region. The river originates as the outflow of Llanquihue Lake and flows generally southwestward over a number of small waterfalls emptying into the Gulf of Coronados. The lower course of the river is actually a tidal estuary.
 Gibraltar Hill is a hill near Williamsdale New South Wales Australia.
 The Encajonado River is a river of Mexico.
 Horyonggoksan is a mountain in Incheon South Korea. The mountain is on the southern end of Muuido in the district of Jung-gu. It has an elevation of 246 m (807 ft).
 Ros Hill also known as Ros Castle due to the 3000-year-old Iron Age hill fort on its summit is a hill in the county of Northumberland in northern England. It is the highest point of a low range of hills stretching from Alnwick to Berwick-upon-Tweed - the Chillingham Hills. Other tops of the Chillingham Hills include Titlington Pike Dod Law and Doddington Northmoor.
 The Külf is a ridge up to 260 m above NN in the Leine Uplands in the district of Hildesheim in the German state of Lower Saxony.
 The Rivière du Limbè is a river of Haiti.
 The Toplicioara River is a tributary of the Şoimuş River in Romania.
 Wallberg (1.722 asl) is a mountain in the Mangfallgebirge part of the Bavarian Alps in the south of Bavaria Germany.
 The Cautário River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Sulphur Springs Mountain (or Sulfur Springs Mountain) is a mountain in southwestern Solano County California. The slopes can be accessed via hiking trails emanating from Blue Rock Springs Park in the city of Vallejo. Cinnabar deposits were extracted from this location in the early 1900s at Hastings Mine and St. John's Mine. Both mines are classified as medium priority mine from the standpoint of environmental oversight for California inactive mines.
 The Gebba is a river of southwestern Ethiopia. It is a tributary of the Baro River which is created when the Gebba joins the Birbir at latitude and longitude 8°14′28″N 34°57′39″E.
 The Bârsa Tămașului River is a headwater of the Bârsa River in Romania.
 Pular is a massive stratovolcano located in the Antofagasta Region of northern Chile about 15 km west of the border with Argentina which in this area is a straight line between the summits of Socompa volcano and Cerro del Rincón. Pular along with Cerro Pajonales forms a high volcanic ridge which runs in a generally north-east to south-west direction for 12 km (7 mi). Southward following the same direction as the ridge lies Socompa volcano.
 The Afon Ogwen (Welsh meaning River Ogwen in English) is a river in north-west Wales draining from some of the greatest peaks in Snowdonia before discharging to the sea on the eastern side of Bangor Gwynedd.
 Dodd is a small fell in the Lake District Cumbria England four kilometres north-west of Keswick. It forms part of the Skiddaw range in the northern part of the national park and the slopes are heavily wooded.
 The Xeriuini River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 The Izvorul Arinișului River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 The Seehorn (2439 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Gondo in the canton of Valais. Unlike most other mountains in Valais the Seehorn lies on the south side of the Alps in the southern Simplon Valley.From the Furggu pass (1872 m) a trail leads to its summit.
 Toreck is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Snake Mountain 1287 feet (392 m) also called Grand View Mountain is an isolated mountain located in Addison and Weybridge Vermont; it belongs to a series of scattered hills extending from the greater Taconic Mountains geology. Snake Mountain contains the state of Vermont's 1215-acre (492 ha) Snake Mountain Wildlife Management Area and The Nature Conservancy's Willmarth Woods Sanctuary.
 Fuhne is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Lorentz is a huge lunar crater that lies just beyond the northwest limb of the Moon in a region that is brought into sight of the Earth during favorable librations. This formation is nearly as large as the Mare Nectaris on the near side of the Moon although it has not been submerged by lava as have the lunar mare. Sections of the crater floor are however relatively level particularly an arc along the western rim. But this last region is still marked by a number of tiny craterlets.
 The Colville River is a major river of the Arctic Ocean coast of Alaska in the United States approximately 350 miles (560 km) long. One of the northernmost major rivers in the North America it drains a remote area of tundra on the north side of the Brooks Range entirely above the Arctic Circle.
 The Urlătoarea River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Urlătoarea Mare and Urlătoarea Mică
 The Toutle River is a 17.2-mile (27.7 km) tributary of the Cowlitz River in the U.S. state of Washington. It rises in two forks merging near Toutle below Mount St. Helens and joins the Cowlitz near Castle Rock 20 miles (32 km) upstream of the larger river's confluence with the Columbia River.The river was altered by the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens a nearby volcano and subsequent flows of ash and other debris.
 Lac de l'Hongrin is a lake in Vaud Switzerland. The reservoir with a surface area of 1.60 km² is located in the municipalities of Château-d'Œx and Ormont-Dessous. The two arch dams Hongrin Nord and Hongrin Sud were completed in 1969. The Dam helps with hydro electricity and stops flooding in the area.16x Media related to Lac de l'Hongrin at Wikimedia CommonsTemplate:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Jongsong Peak is a mountain in the Janak section of the Himalayas. At 7462 metres (24482 ft) it is the 57th highest peak in the world although it is dominated by 3rd highest Kangchenjunga 20 km (12 mi) to the south. Jongsong's summit is at a three-way boundary between India China and Nepal.From its first ascent in 1930 by members of German expedition led by Gunther Dyhrenfurth until the first ascent of Kamet on 21 June 1931 Jongsong was the highest climbed peak in the world.
 Rühner See is a lake in the Rostock district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 2.8 m its surface area is 1.01 km².
 Located in the heart of Pinetop-Lakeside Woodland Lake and the park surrounding it have been called the town's Crown Jewel.[citation needed] In addition to trout fishing the lake provides a host of other outdoor recreation opportunities. Woodland Lake lies on Apache-Sitgreaves National Forests property just west of White Mountain Blvd. in Pinetop.
 Talakmau (also known as Talamau or Ophir) is a volcano in West Sumatra Indonesia. Its elevation is 2919 m (9577 ft).
 Mount Oxford is one of the fourteeners of the US state of Colorado. It lies in the Collegiate Peaks in the central part of the Sawatch Range just west of the Arkansas River. It lies approximately 1.2 mi (1.9 km) east-northeast of the slightly higher Mount Belford. For this reason it is usually climbed in combination with Mount Belford.Mount Oxford is located within the San Isabel National Forest.
 The Devoll is a river in southern Albania one of the source rivers of the Seman. Its source is in the southwestern corner of the Devoll District close to the Greek frontier. It flows initially northeast through Miras then north through Bilisht and northwest through Progër Pojan (in the northern Plain of Korçë) Maliq Moglicë Kodovjat Gramsh and Gostimë where it turns south. It joins the Osum near Kuçovë to form the Seman.
 Mount Arith is a mountain in the Dibër District eastern Albania. It is situated 12 km northeast of Bulqizë and 15 km southwest of Peshkopi. Its elevation is 1987 metres (6519 ft).
 The Nass Ranges are a mountain range north of the Skeena River west of Hazelton and northeast of Terrace British Columbia Canada. It is associated with the Hazelton Mountains which in turn form part of the Interior Mountains.
 Étangs de Neych are a group of ponds at Siguer in the Ariège department France.
 The Fairview Range is a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 The Izvorul Mare River is a tributary of the Izvorul Roşu River in Romania.
 The Spiller Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges located on the northeastern end of Porcher Island British Columbia Canada.
 The Galați River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Tasman River is an alpine braided river flowing through Canterbury in New Zealand's South Island.The river's headwaters are in Aoraki/Mount Cook National Park where it is the outflow of the Tasman and Murchison Glaciers and also via a short tributary of the Hooker and Mueller Glaciers.It flows south for 25 kilometres from the Southern Alps into the top end of the glacial lake Pukaki this forming part of the ultimate headwaters of the Waitaki hydroelectic scheme.
 The Ciumârna River is a tributary of the Moldovița River in Romania.
 Mount Febbas (13468 ft (4105 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Mount Febbas is at the western end of the high-altitude plateau known as Horse Ridge which extends for more than 10 mi (16 km) to the northeast at elevations greater than 10000 ft (3000 m).
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Chirița River in Romania.
 Piz Trevisina is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It lies on the range between the Val Poschiavo (Graubünden) and the Val Grosina (Lombardy).
 River Muzizi is a river in Uganda in East Africa.
 The Kuk River is a 35-mile (56 km) long stream in the North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. It heads at the confluence of the Avalik and Kaolak rivers and flows north to Wainwright Inlet 6 miles (10 km) southeast of Wainwright. The inlet links to the Chukchi Sea of the Arctic Ocean.Kuk means river in Inuit. Nineteenth century maps variously listed streams entering the Wainwright Inlet as Koh Kong Tutua Wing Ku Kook Koo and Kee.
 Mofolo is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 114 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Mofolo is named for the Basotho writer Thomas Mofolo who lived from 1876 or 1877 to 1948.
 Bullock Pen Lake located between Boone County and Grant County in Kentucky is a 134 acres (54 ha) reservoir constructed in 1963 by the damming of Bullock Pen Creek.
 Monte Pisanino is the highest peak (1946 m) in the Alpi Apuane in Tuscany central Italy. Located in the comune of Minucciano (province of Lucca) it is also the highest mountain entirely belonging to the Tuscany region.
 Lake Kanasatka is a 371-acre (1.50 km2) lake located in Carroll County in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire United States in the town of Moultonborough. Early maps refer to this pristine lake as Long Pond presumably because of its long and narrow shape. The lake is located one-half mile north of and nine vertical feet higher than Lake Winnipesaukee.
 The Santo Antônio River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Manchester Bury & Bolton Reservoir commonly called Elton Reservoir is located near the A58 Bolton Road in Greater Manchester about 3 km (1.8 mi) south west of the town of Bury. Constructed in 1842 at the height of the canal era it remains today as legacy of the industrial era and a major leisure facility for residents of Bury Bolton and North Manchester.
 The Temple Mount known in Hebrew as Har haBáyit (Hebrew: הַר הַבַּיִת or as Har haMoria (Hebrew: הַר הַמוריה and in Arabic as the Haram al-Sharif (Arabic: الحرم القدسي الشريف‎ al-haram al-qudsī ash-sharīf Noble Sanctuary) is one of the most important religious sites in the Old City of Jerusalem. It has been used as a religious site for thousands of years.
 Mount Pendleton is a 7605-foot (2318 m) mountain in the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve to the east-northeast of Mount McKinley. It lies above the Polychrome Glaciers. Mount Pendleton was named in 1961 by the U.S. Geological Survey for topographer Thomas Percy Pendleton.
 The Dent du Bourgo (1909 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located east of Gruyères in the canton of Fribourg. It lies on the range north of the Vanil Noir between the valleys of the Sarine and the Motélon.
 The Konar River is a tributary of Damodar River in Hazaribagh and Bokaro districts of the Indian state of Jharkhand.
 June Lake is a subalpine lake within the Inyo National Forest in Mono County eastern California. It is at an elevation of 7621 ft (2323 m) in the Eastern Sierra Nevada.
 Mount Washington is a 6260-foot-tall (1910 m) peak in the Olympic Mountains of Washington state. The mountain is in the Mount Skokomish Wilderness.
 Spurr is the lava-flooded remains of a lunar impact crater. It is located in the midst of the Palus Putredinis plain to the southeast of the crater Archimedes. Only the southern half of the rim protrudes significantly through the lunar mare material while the northern section of the wall has a resemblance to a ghost crater rim.The formation was known as Archimedes K before being renamed by the IAU.
 The Huai River (Chinese: 淮河; pinyin: Huái Hé) is a major river in China. It is located about mid-way between the Yellow River and Yangtze the two largest rivers in China and like them runs from west to east. The Huai is notoriously vulnerable to flooding.The Huai River-Qin Mountains line is generally regarded as the geographical dividing line between North China and South China. This line approximates the 0 degree January isotherm and the 800 mm isohyet in China.
 Mount Stephen is a mountain located in the Kicking Horse River Valley of Yoho National Park ½ km east of Field British Columbia Canada. The mountain was named in 1886 for George Stephen the first president of the Canadian Pacific Railway.The mountain is composed mainly of shales and dolomites from the Cambrian Period some 550 million years ago. The Stephen Formation a stratigraphical unit of the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin was first described at the mountain and was named for it.
 Mount Gordon is a cinder cone in the Wrangell Mountains of eastern Alaska United States located between Nabesna Glacier and the stratovolcano Mount Drum. It is the most prominent of a group of Pleistocene and Holocene cinder cones most of which are less than 100 m (328 ft) high. The exact age of Mount Gordon remains unknown.
 Nambucca River an open and trained mature wave dominated barrier estuary is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Smith Volcano also known as Mount Babuyan is a cinder cone on Babuyan Island the northernmost of the Babuyan group of islands on Luzon Strait north of the main island of Luzon in the Philippines. The mountain is one of the active volcanoes in the Philippines which last erupted in 1924. The volcano is politically located in the Municipality of Calayan Cagayan province the town that has jurisdiction over the Babuyan Islands except Fuga Island.
 The Paraná River (Maranhão) is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Secheron Peak is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies on the southeastern end of the Frankland Range near the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is east of Frankland Peak and towers over Lake Surprise to the north. Right Angle Peak lies one kilometre to the southwest.
 The Pârâul Arsurii is a tributary of the Valea Satului River in Romania
 Markaqucha (Quechua marka village qucha lake hispanicized spelling Marcacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Yauli Province Marcapomacocha District. It is situated at a height of about 4544 metres (14908 ft) about 2.79 km long and 1.28 km at its widest point. Markaqucha lies north of the lake Markapumaqucha.
 Mother Goose Lake is a 6.4 mile long lake located at head of King Salmon River on the Alaska Peninsula 21 miles south of Ugashik Aleutian Range. It was named in 1923 by R. H. Sargent USGS as suggested by its goose-like shape. According to Sargent the local name was King gautham giri Lake. The lake lies entirely within the Alaska Peninsula National Wildlife Refuge.
 The Drehuța River is a tributary of the Drahura River in Romania.
 The Bloomfield River is a river situated in Queensland north of Daintree. The river enters the sea north of Cape Tribulation and is noted for its Bloomfield River cod fish species found only in the river.
 Swildon's Hole is an extensive cave in Priddy Somerset. At 9144 metres (30000 ft) in length it is the longest cave on the Mendip Hills. It has been found to be connected to Priddy Green Sink and forms part of the Priddy Caves Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI).The upper series of the cave compresses many features into a relatively short space.
 The Pamba River (also called Pampa river) is the third longest river in the South Indian state of Kerala after Periyar and Bharathappuzha and the longest river in the erstwhile princely state of Travancore.
 Ziegelsee is a lake in Nordwestmecklenburg Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 37.8 m its surface area is 3 km².
 Gray Peak el. 10298 feet (3139 m) is a prominent mountain peak in the Gallatin Range in the remote northwest section of Yellowstone National Park Wyoming. The peak is approximately 9.1 miles (14.6 km) west-southwest of Mammoth Hot Springs and 8.9 miles (14.3 km) north of Mount Holmes. There are no maintained trails to the summit. The closest maintained trail is the Fawn Pass Trail which skirts the southern face approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) south of the peak.
 Ballona Creek is an 8.8-mile-long (14.2 km) waterway in southwestern Los Angeles County California whose watershed drains the Los Angeles basin from the Santa Monica Mountains on the north the Harbor Freeway (I-110) on the east and the Baldwin Hills on the south. It heads in the historical Rancho Las Cienegas and flows through Culver City and the Del Rey district before emptying into Santa Monica Bay between Marina del Rey and the Playa del Rey district.
 The Păltiniș River is a tributary of the Cernul River in Romania.
 The Izvorul Crețu River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 Portions of this article include public domain text from the USFS Deschutes & Ochoco National Forests - Crooked River National Grassland.The flows of Jordan Craters volcanic field are the youngest of a large Quaternary basalt fields in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Oregon. The most recent flows come from Coffeepot Crater a large breached cinder cone.
 Eastern Bosporus (or Eastern Bosphorus Russian: Босфор Восточный Bosfor Vostochny) is a strait that separates the Muravyov-Amursky Peninsula and Russky Island and connects Amur Bay and Ussuri Bay.The depth is up to 50 m. It is about 9 km long and only 800 m wide at its narrowest point. Completed in July 2012 Russky Bridge a cable-stayed bridge connects Russky Island and mainland Vladivostok.
 Little Grassy Lake is a 1200-acre (4.8 km²) reservoir in southern Illinois created by the damming of Little Grassy Creek a tributary of Crab Orchard Lake and the Big Muddy River. Most of the lake is located in Williamson County southeast of Carbondale Illinois. The lake is accessible from Giant City Road out of Carbondale Illinois. Two arms of the lake penetrate into adjacent Jackson County. The lake is managed by the U.S.
 The Nokasippi River is a 46.5-mile-long (74.8 km) tributary of the Mississippi River in central Minnesota in the United States. In the Ojibwe language the river is called Nooke-ziibi (Tender River). The term tender generally refers to the Bear Totem but in this case refers to Chief Nokay who was named after the Bear Totem and lived along the shores of Nokay Lake.
 Tinaco River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Calle-Calle River (Mapudungun for lot of Iridaceaes) also called Gudalafquén in Mapudungun is a river in Valdivia Province southern Chile. It drains waters from the San Pedro River to the Valdivia River which in turn flows into Corral Bay on the Pacific Ocean.The Calle-Calle is the only river in Chile that is considered navigable.Calle-Calle Bridge crosses the river in the city of Valdivia.
 Hirtenbach (Bühler) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Zottelbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Rückersbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Epureni River or Iepureni River is a tributary of the Elan River in Romania.
 The Coșuștea River or Coșuștea Mare River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 Haukefjellet is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Spillgerte (or Spillgerten) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located east of Zweisimmen in the Bernese Oberland. The mountain lies between the valleys of Diemtigen and Simmental a few kilometres north of the Albristhorn. It is composed of several summits of which the Hinderi Spillgerte (2476 m) is the highest.
 Wildcat Creek is a 16-mile-long (26 km) creek in Lane County Oregon United States within the Siuslaw National Forest. The creek empties into the Siuslaw River at Austa on Oregon Route 126.In the 19th century the stream was named Walton Creek after Joshua J. Walton a lawyer Lane County judge and member of the University of Oregon's board of regents. In the 20th century the name was changed to Wildcat Creek.
 Rybenka (Fishing) is a small river in the north-east of Moscow. Rybenka is a right tributary to river Yauza. The length of the river is about 5 km (most of which put in the pipe underneath the city). The area of the river basin is 3.5 square kilometers. Rybenka runs through the western border of Sokolniki Urban Forest Park across the Sokol'necheski Val 2nd 3rd Rybinskaya and Rusakovskiya streets into the river Yauza near The Elektrozavodsky (Electro-factory) bridge.
 The Jonglei Canal is a project that has been proposed started but never completed to divert water through the vast Sudd wetlands of South Sudan so as to deliver more water downstream to Sudan and Egypt for use in agriculture.
 Pizzo Ruscada is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overloking Borgnone in the Swiss canton of Ticino. It lies on the range between the valley of Onsernone (north) and Centovalli (south).
 The Femeș River is a tributary of the Feernic River in Romania
 The Tărtărău River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Tariku River is a river in the northern part of the Indonesian province of Papua. During the Dutch colonial era it was known as the Rouffaer River. The Tariku River flows generally eastward in the basin north of the island's central mountainous cordillera. Eventually it meets the Taritatu River and at this confluence the two rivers become the Mamberamo River one of the largest rivers on the island of New Guinea.
 The Seneca River in central New York flows 61.6 miles (99.1 km) from west to east from Seneca Lake through the Montezuma Marsh at the north end of Cayuga Lake to the Seneca's confluence with the Oneida and Oswego rivers at the Three Rivers area north of Syracuse. Much of the river has been channelized to form part of the Erie Canal.
 Lake Karoro is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Sesia (Latin Sesites or Sessites) is a river in north-western Italy tributary to the Po.
 The Grays River is a tributary of the Tekapo River in the Mackenzie Basin of New Zealand. It flows southwest for 25 kilometres joining the larger river southeast of Lake Pukaki.It should not be confused with the Gray River a small tributary of the Awatere River in Marlborough nor with the much larger Grey River on the South Island's West Coast.
 Baker Lake (Inuktitut: Qamani’tuaq; where the river widens) is a lake in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. It is fed by the Thelon River from the west and the Kazan River from the south. Its outflows into Chesterfield Inlet. The lake is approximately 1887 km2 (729 sq mi) in size. It has several named bays and a few islands.In 1762 William Christopher reached Baker Lake via Chesterfield Inlet.
 Babyshoe Pass is a high pass within United States National Forests. Forest Route 23 traverses the pass northwest of Mount Adams in the State of Washington between Mount Adams flank to the east and Babyshoe Ridge to the west. The pass separates the Lewis River Watershed and the Cispus River drainage.
 Concho Lake is an irrigation reservoir situated in the town of Concho in the eastern Arizona grasslands at 6300 feet (1900 m). Much of the surrounding land is privately owned; the rest is owned by the Bureau of Land Management but is managed for sport fisheries and wildlife resources by the Arizona Game and Fish.
 The Cerro Colorado Mountains are a low mountain range in southern Pima County Arizona USA. The highest point of the range is (5319 feet (1621 m)). The range consists of a NNW–SSE trending ridge with several shorter ridges extending off the main ridge to the ENE.
 The Isachea River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Cioara River is a tributary of the Sălaj River in Romania.
 Pfreimd is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Gelderner Fleuth is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Schlatbach is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Ambrose Lake is a coastal lake on the Sunshine Coast at the north end of the Sechelt Peninsula in Sunshine Coast Regional District British Columbia Canada. It is about 850 metres (2789 ft) long and 550 metres (1804 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 57 metres (187 ft) about 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) southwest of the community of Earls Cove and 450 metres (1476 ft) east of the Agamemnon Channel. The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Ruby Lake.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Horoghiuca River in Romania.
 Hochsalwand is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Mir Samir also called Mir Simir or Simirdar is a mountain in the Hindu Kush in Afghanistan. It was first climbed in 1959 despite a local tradition that it was unclimbable. The English traveller Eric Newby and the diplomat Hugh Carless attempted to climb Mir Samir in 1956 as described in the humorous book A Short Walk in the Hindu Kush.
 San Pedro River is a northward-flowing stream originating about 10 miles (16 km) south of Sierra Vista Arizona near Cananea Sonora Mexico. The river flows 140 miles (230 km) north through Cochise County Pima County Graham County and Pinal County to its confluence with the Gila River at Winkelman Arizona.
 Antora Peak elevation 13275 ft (4046 m) is a summit in the Sawatch Range of southern Colorado.
 Salsipuedes Creek is a 9.9 miles (15.9 km) long stream flowing north to join the Santa Ynez River just southeast of Lompoc in Santa Barbara County California. Salsipuedes Creek along with its major tributary El Jaro Creek is the largest tributary to the lower Santa Ynez River shortly before the river reaches the Pacific Ocean.
 Bezymianny (Russian: Безымянный — lit. unnamed) is an active stratovolcano in Kamchatka Russia. Prior to its noted 1955-56 eruption Bezymianny volcano had been considered extinct. The modern Bezymianny volcano much smaller in size than its massive neighbors Kamen and Kliuchevskoi was formed about 4700 years ago over a late-Pleistocene lava-dome complex and an ancestral volcano that was built between about 11000–7000 years ago.
 Buachaille Etive Mòr (Scottish Gaelic: Buachaille Eite Mòr meaning the great herdsman of Etive) generally known to climbers simply as The Buachaille or The Beuckle is a mountain at the head of Glen Etive in the Highlands of Scotland.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 The Hienderstock is a mountain in the Bernese Alps located between the Gauli Glacier and the Unteraar Glacier in the canton of Bern. Its main summit has an elevation of 3307 metres above sea level.
 Troy Peak is the highest point of the Grant Range in northeastern Nye County in central Nevada. The summit is located 72 miles (116 km) southwest of the city of Ely. The higher elevations of the Grant Range including Troy Peak are protected in the Grant Range Wilderness.
 The Făget River is a tributary of the Alunul River in Romania.
 Macintyre River a perennial river that is part of the Barwon catchment of the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands and North West Slopes districts of New South Wales and the Southern Downs district of Queensland Australia.Part of the course of the river marks the boundary between Queensland and New South Wales.The Macintyre River rises on the western slopes of the Great Dividing Range west of Guyra and south of Glen Innes and flows generally northwest and west joined by twenty-two tributaries including the Severn River (New South Wales) and Dumaresq River before reaching its confluence with the Weir River to form the Barwon River west of Goondiwindi. 
 Hirfynydd is a 481m high hill in Neath Port Talbot county borough in South Wales. A Roman road Sarn Helen runs along its entire northeast-southwest ridge-line a route followed by a modern day byway. To its west is Cwm Dulais and to its southeast is the Vale of Neath. The northern end of the ridge falls away to a broad upland vale containing the Afon Pyrddin and beyond which is the Brecon Beacons National Park.The larger part of the hill is afforested with conifers.
 The Izvorul Bârlogului River is a tributary of the Izvorul Rece River in Romania.
 Karwowo is a lake in West Pomeranian Voivodeship in Łobez County in Gmina Łobez. It is situated about 500 meters from the Rega river and about one kilometer from residential buildings which are a part of the Karwowo village. The area of Karwowo lake equals 33.3 ha the length is 1.1 km the maximal depth is 4.2 m and the average depth is 3.5 m.On the shore of Karwowo lake there are small piers for fishermen.
 The Little River is a perennial stream of the Port Phillip & Westernport catchment located in the Greater Metropolitan Melbourne region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Los Sauces River is a river of Chile.
 The Turcineasa River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Toyohira River (豊平川 Toyohira-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō prefecture Japan. It is 72.5 km in length and has drainage area of 959 km². It is a tributary of the Ishikari River.It supplies water to Sapporo city the capital of Hokkaidō built on the alluvial fan formed by the river.Jōzankei is a popular attraction with onsen (hot springs) along the upper Toyohira.
 Mount Adams is a potentially activestratovolcano in the Cascade Range. It is the second-highest mountain in the U.S. state of Washington trailing only Mount Rainier.Adams is a member of the Cascade Volcanic Arc and is one of the arc's largest volcanoeslocated in a remote wilderness approximately 31 miles (50 km) east of Mount St. Helens.The Mount Adams Wilderness comprises the upper and western part of the volcano's cone.
 The Lișcovu Mic River is a tributary of the Lișcovu Mare River in Romania.
 The Amusa is an Italian river in whose source is near the border between the province of Reggio Calabria and the province of Vibo Valentia. From there the river flows southeast past Caulonia and into the Ionian Sea east of Roccella Ionica.
 The Escambray Mountains (Spanish: Sierra del Escambray) are a mountain range in the central region of Cuba in the provinces of Sancti Spíritus Cienfuegos and Villa Clara.
 Pitiscus is a lunar impact crater that lies in the southern part of the Moon's near side just to the northwest of the larger crater Hommel. The crater is worn but still forms a prominent feature upon the surface. The rim is roughly circular but appears oval from the Earth due to foreshortening. There is an outward bulge to the south-southeast where the interior has slumped.
 The Alb is a river in the northern region of the Black Forest in Germany. It is a tributary of the Rhine and flows through the cities of Karlsruhe Ettlingen and Bad Herrenalb.
 Lava Fork is a creek in northwestern British Columbia Canada and of the Alaska Panhandle United States. It lies west of the Unuk River and northwest of Stewart.
 Norton Peak at 10336 feet (3150 m) above sea level is the third highest peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is in Blaine County and Sawtooth National Recreation Area about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) northeast of the Camas County border. It is the 331st highest peak in Idaho. Miner Lake is on the west side of the peak and Upper and Lower Norton lakes are south of the peak.
 The Târsu River is a headwater of the Moneasa River in Romania.
 Lago di Cama (or Lagh de Cama) is a lake in the Cama valley a side valley of Val Mesolcina in the Grisons Switzerland.
 This article refers to the mountain. For information on the national forest see El Yunque National Forest.The mountain lies completely within the boundaries of the El Yunque National Forest part of the U.S. Forest Service which is the only tropical rainforest that belongs to the U.S. Forest Service. The peak itself is one of the highest in Puerto Rico standing at 1080 meters (3543 feet) above sea level.
 The Nederkogel or Nörderkogel is a mountain in the Schnalskamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Driftwood Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains located between the headwaters of Driftwood River and Nilkitkwa River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Mount Gaudry is a mountain 2315 metres (7600 ft) high rising close southwest of Mount Barre and 5 nautical miles (9 km) north-northwest of Mount Liotard in the southern part of Adelaide Island Antarctica. It was discovered by the French Antarctic Expedition 1903–05 under Jean-Baptiste Charcot who named it after Albert Gaudry a prominent French paleontologist.
 Lake Ashmere or Ashmere Lake is a small lake in rural Berkshire County of Massachusetts located in Peru and Hinsdale Massachusetts.
 The Virunga Mountains are a chain of volcanoes in East Africa along the northern border of Rwanda the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and Uganda. The mountain range is a branch of the Albertine Rift Mountains which border the western branch of the East African Rift. They are located between Lake Edward and Lake Kivu. The name Virunga is an English version of the Kinyarwanda word ibirunga which means volcanoes.The mountain range consists of eight major volcanoes.
 Zigzag Glacier is an alpine glacier located on the upper southwest slopes of Mount Hood in the U.S. state of Oregon. It ranges in elevation from 10200 to 7200 feet (3100 to 2200 m) with fingers in canyons extending to about 6400 feet (2000 m) and lies almost entirely within Mount Hood Wilderness. The upper extent is divided from Reid Glacier by Illumination Rock.
 The Straja River is a headwater of the Şuşiţa River. The upper reach of the river is also known as Amaru River.
 The Sorot (Russian: Сороть) is a river in Novorzhevsky Bezhanitsky and Pushkinogorsky Districts of Pskov Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Velikaya River. It is 80 kilometres (50 mi) long and the area of its basin 3910 square kilometres (1510 sq mi). The main tributary of the Sorot is the Lsta (left).The source of the Sorot is Lake Mikhalkinskoye in the eastern part of Novorzhevsky District.
 The Little Buffalo River is an 18.1-mile-long (29.1 km) tributary of the Buffalo River in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Via the Buffalo Duck Tennessee and Ohio rivers it reaches the Mississippi River. It rises a short distance south of Deerfield in northern Lawrence County Tennessee near Laurel Hill.
 Mireuksan is a mountain in the city of Wonju Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1118.8 m (3671 ft).
 Monte Hacho is a low mountain that overlooks the Spanish city of Ceuta on the north coast of Africa. Monte Hacho is positioned on the Mediterranean coast at the Strait of Gibraltar opposite Gibraltar and along with the Rock of Gibraltar is claimed by some to be one of the Pillars of Hercules (the other candidate for the southern pillar being Jebel Musa).
 The Vulcana River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Lengyendi Stream originates in Mátra 870 metres above sea level Northwest from Galyatető Nógrád County Hungary. It flows to North up to Nemti where it flows to Zagyval.
 The River Nene (/ˈnɛn/ or /ˈniːn/-see below) is a river in the east of England that rises from three sources in the county of Northamptonshire. The tidal river forms the border between Cambridgeshire and Norfolk for about 3.7 miles (6 km). It is the tenth longest river in the United Kingdom and is navigable for 88 miles (142 km) from Northampton to The Wash.
 The Izvorașu River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
 The Mătăoana River is a tributary of the Moieciul Cald River in Romania.
 Oppskott is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Kvernesfjorden or Kvernesfjord is a fjord between the municipalities of Gjemnes Kristiansund Averøy and Eide in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The fjord is about 22 kilometres (14 mi) long.The fjord begins at the end of the Kornstadfjorden near the village of Eide the municipal center of Eide Municipality and runs to the northeast between the island of Averøya and the north shore of the Romsdal peninsula.
 The Sârbul River is a tributary of the Barcheș River in Romania.
 The Lost River is a tributary of the Roseau River in northern Minnesota in the United States. Via the Roseau River the Red River of the North Winnipeg Lake and the Nelson River it is part of the Hudson Bay watershed.
 Mount Aniakchak is a 3700-year-old volcanic caldera (about 10 kilometers (6 mi) in diameter) located in the Aleutian Range of Alaska United States. The area around the volcano is the Aniakchak National Monument and Preserve maintained by the National Park Service. In November 1967 Aniakchak Caldera was designated as a National Natural Landmark by the National Park Service.
 Lake Wood is a reservoir on the Guadalupe River 4 miles (6 km) west of the town of Gonzales in Gonzales County Texas. The reservoir was formed in 1931 by the construction of a dam to provide hydroelectric power to the area. Management of the dam and lake was assumed by the Guadalupe-Blanco River Authority on May 1 1963. Lake Wood also serves as a venue for outdoor recreation including fishing and boating. Lake Wood is also known locally as H-5 Reservoir or Guadalupe Reservoir H-5.
 The Totușca Mică River is a tributary of the Priboiașa River in Romania.
 Wayanay (Quechua for swallow hispanicized spelling Huayanay) is a mountain and a massif in the Willkapampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5464 metres (17927 ft) high. The massif is located in the Cusco Region Anta Province Huarocondo District and in the Urubamba Province Ollantaytambo District. Wayanay lies east of the Salkantay and the P'allqay (Palcay Paljay).
 The Mangoky River is a 564-kilometer-long (350 mi) river in Madagascar in the regions of Atsimo-Andrefana and Anosy. It rises in the Central Highlands of Madagascar just east of the city of Fianarantsoa.
 Kelontekemäjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Kemijoki main catchment area. It is located in Kittilä municipality in the region Lapland in Finland. Historically the lake has been a border mark between the Sami villages of Kittilä and Sodankylä.
 Qhapaqsaya (Quechua qhapaq mighty saya slope mighty slope hispanicized spelling Capacsaya) is a mountain in the Urupampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5044 metres (16549 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region Calca Province Lares District and in the Urubamba Province Urubamba District. Qhapaqsaya lies northwest of the mountain Ch'iqun east of the mountain Pumawanka near the pass Pumawanka q'asa (Quechua for Pumawanka pass hispanicized Pumahuancajasa).
 Kennesaw Mountain is a high-running ridge between Marietta and Kennesaw Georgia in the United States with a summit elevation of 1808 feet (551 m). It is the highest point in the core (urban and suburban) metro Atlanta area and fifth after further-north exurban counties are considered.
 Flacher See is a lake in Klocksin Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 64.5 m its surface area is 1.3 km².
 Stormyrbassenget (also called Stormyraven or Aven) is a lake in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county Norway. It lies about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) south of the municipal center of Korgen and about 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) north of Bleikvasslia. The lake lies along the river Røssåga as it flows north to the Ranfjord.
 Running Crane Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Red Mountain is south of the lake while Eagle Plume Mountain is to the north.
 Aughenbaugh Peak is a sharp peak in Antarctica rising to over 1800 metres (5900 ft). It stands 0.7 miles (1.1 km) northeast of Neuburg Peak in southwest Dufek Massif Pensacola Mountains. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos 1956–66 and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Nolan B. Aughenbaugh a glaciologist at Ellsworth Station and a member of the first party to visit Dufek Massif in December 1957.
 The Stoiceni River is a tributary of the Costeni River in Romania.
 The Målselva is a river in the municipality of Målselv in Troms county Norway. The 140-kilometre (87 mi) long river flows through the Målselvdalen valley and then empties into the in Målselvfjorden an arm of the Malangen fjord. The municipality and the valley through which the river runs are both named after the river.The smaller rivers Divielva Tamokelva and Rostaelva converge near the Lille Rostavatn lake to form the Målselva river.
 The Takla Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains bounded by Takla Lake and Northwest Arm in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Lake Nazik (Turkish: Nazik; Armenian: Նազիկ) is a freshwater lake in the Bitlis Province eastern part of Turkey. It is located at 38.855547°N 42.286783°E﻿ / 38.855547; 42.286783 close to Lake Van. Lake Nazik is located in the elevation of about 1816 m. It has an area of 44.5 km² and maximum depth of about 50 m.
 The Dourados River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Sukhbhadar River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Vadi hills. Its basin has a maximum length of 194km. The total catchment area of the basin is 2118 km2.
 Tsengel Hairhan (Mongolian: Цэнгэл хайрхан lit. delight holy mountain) is a mountain of the Altai Mountains and located in the Bayan-Ölgii Province in Mongolia. It has elevation of 3943 m (12841 ft) and the one of 13 high mountains with glaciers in Mongol-Altai mountain range.
 The Dyer River is a 20.2-mile-long (32.5 km) river in Maine. It originates along the northern boundary of the town of Jefferson with the town of Somerville (44°14′13″N 69°28′12″W) and flows southwesterly through Jefferson passing through Dyer Long Pond and near South Jefferson. It continues southwest into the town of Newcastle passing the villages of North Newcastle and Sheepscot where it joins the tidal Sheepscot River.
 The Zagyva is a river in Hungary. Its length is 179 km and drains an area of about 5677 km². The source is near Salgótarján in Nógrád county. It flows through the towns of Bátonyterenye Pásztó Hatvan and Jászberény and flows into the Tisza River at Szolnok. Average discharge at Szolnok is 9 m³/s.
 Terrapin Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918.
 The North Two River is a 22.4-mile-long (36.0 km) tributary of the Two River in central Minnesota. It is part of the Mississippi River watershed.The North Two River begins in eastern Todd County at the outlet of Mary Lake and flows east into Morrison County where it passes the towns of Upsala and Elmdale before ending south of Bowlus where it joins the South Two River to form the Two River.
 The Teuz River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 Manimahesh Lake (also known as Dal Lake Manimahesh) is a high altitude lake (elevation 4080 metres (13390 ft)) situated close to the Manimahesh Kailash Peak in the Pir Panjal Range of the Himalayas in the Bharmour subdivision of Chamba district of the Indian state of Himachal Pradesh.
 Competine Creek is a 9.8-mile-long (15.8 km) tributary of the Des Moines River joining it at Lake Red Rock. It rises to the southwest of Knoxville in Marion County Iowa.
 The Huang River (Chinese: 潢河; pinyin: Huáng Hé) is a tributary of the Huai River in Henan Province Central China. The Huang rises in southeastern Xin County and flows northward across the Guangshan County and Huangchuan County to reach its mouth at the northeastern Xuezi Town of the Huangchuan County. The river has a length of 140 km and drains an area of 2400 square km.
 Vaalajärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Kemijoki main catchment area. It is located in Sodankylä municipality in the region Lapland in Finland. In the area there is a canoeing route lake Vaalajärvi–river Jeesiöjoki–river Kitinen.
 Mount Buchon also known as the San Luis Range is a mountain range in San Luis Obispo County California.
 Leon Creek is a tributary stream of the Medina River in Bexar County Texas.Leon Creek has its source seven miles northeast of Leon Springs in northwestern Bexar County.
 Snowshoe Lake is a lake in the Lake Huron drainage basin in Whitestone Parry Sound District Ontario Canada about 11 kilometres (7 mi) north of the community of Maple Island and 15 kilometres (9 mi) southeast of the community of Arnstein. It is about 2.1 kilometres (1.3 mi) long and 1.1 kilometres (0.7 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 285 metres (935 ft).
 Paragon Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1921 by Howard Palmer.
 Glasebach is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Arrowsmith River lies within the Mid West region of Western Australia.The first European to discover the river was the explorer George Grey on 11 April 1839 on his second disastrous expedition along the west coast.
 The Arpa Valley (Kyrgyz: Арпа өрөөнү) is a high-altitude valley located in the south-west part of internal Tien-Shan. The valley is limited by Fergana Range Torugart Range Atbashi Range Ortok Too and Djaman-Too.
 The Do Pinto River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Kim Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island east of Tsable Lake south of Cumberland.
 Trapper Peak is a mountain in Alberta and British Columbia Canada located on their border along the Continental Divide in the Wapta Icefield. Trapper Peak has two summits one accessible from Baker. Peyto Peak is located 2 km (1 mi) to the north-east.The peak was originally named in 1892 by Walter D. Wilcox to honor his guide trapper Bill Peyto and the first ascent was in 1933 by Conrad Kain and party.
 Kuhbett is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Slieve Gullion (from Irish: Sliabh gCuillinn meaning mountain of the steep slope) is a mountain in the south of County Armagh Northern Ireland. The mountain is the heart of the Ring of Gullion and is the highest point in the county with an elevation of 573 metres (1880 ft). At the summit is a small lake and two ancient burial cairns one of which is the highest surviving passage grave in Ireland.
 The Ellijay River is a 15.1-mile-long (24.3 km) river in Georgia. It ends in the town of Ellijay at its confluence with the Cartecay River forming the Coosawattee River.
 Mount Kamuiekuuchikaushi (カムイエクウチカウシ山 Kamuiekuuchikaushi-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Mapuera River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Lake Onalaska is a reservoir located on the Black River and Mississippi River between Wisconsin and Minnesota. It is approximately 4 miles (6.4 km) across and is the widest point on the Mississippi River. Located in La Crosse County in the state of Wisconsin its latitude and longitude are 43°52′01″N 091°18′26″W. The lake is 7688 acres (31.11 km2) and is shored by the city from which its name came from: Onalaska Wisconsin.
 Mützelburger Beeke is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Pizzo del Sole is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps in the Swiss canton of Ticino. With a height of 2773 metrs it is the culminating point of the Val Piora. On its southern side are located the lakes of Chiéra.
 The Công River (Vietnamese: Sông Công) is a tributary of the Red River in northern Vietnam. It flows through Thái Nguyên Province. The river is 96 km in length and has a catchment area of 951 square kilometres. It flows from Núi Cốc Lake and also passes through the town of Sông Công.
 Ramstadslottet is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Lake Walker is a lake in Quebec Canada. It is located in the Sept-Rivières Regional County Municipality in the region of Côte-Nord about 30 km northwest of Port-Cartier.Like many of the lakes in the region it is highly elongated being 33 km long and no more than 4 km wide and has steep rocky sides.
 The Valea Babei River is a tributary of the Ialomicioara River in Romania.
 The Comarnicele River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 The Tapacurá River is a river of Pernambuco state in eastern Brazil.
 The Juína River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Blåbergi is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Tacoma Narrows (or The Narrows) a strait is part of Puget Sound in the U.S. state of Washington. A navigable maritime waterway between glacial landforms the Narrows separates the Kitsap Peninsula from the city of Tacoma.The Narrows is spanned by the twin Tacoma Narrows Bridges (State Route 16). An earlier bridge collapsed shortly after it opened.
 The Canindé River (Ceará) is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 The Waiotama River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest from its origins south of Maungatapere to reach the Wairua River 20 kilometres northeast of Dargaville.
 The Kreuzberg Saddle (German: Kreuzbergsattel) is a high mountain pass of the Gailtal Alps in the Austrian state of Carinthia.The 1074 m (3524 ft) high pass is part of the Bundesstraße road connecting the market town of Greifenburg in the Drava Valley with Gitschtal and the district capital Hermagor on the Gail River. To the east a branch-off leads to Lake Weissensee.
 The Alligator Lake is a freshwater lake in Osceola County Florida.
 Raquette Lake is the source of the Raquette River in the Adirondack Mountains of New York State USA. It is near the community of Raquette Lake New York. The lake has 99 miles (160 km) of shoreline with pines and mountains bordering the lake. It is located in the towns of Long Lake and Arietta both in Hamilton County.The origin of the name is uncertain. One account is that it was named for snowshoes (raquette in French) left by a party of Tories led by Sir John Johnson in 1776.
 The River Greta is a river flowing through Lancashire and North Yorkshire in the north of England.The river is formed by the confluence of the River Twiss and the River Doe at Ingleton.From Ingleton the Greta travels westwards through Burton-in-Lonsdale and over the border in Lancashire Cantsfield and Wrayton passing Thurland Castle where the Greta flows into the River Lune.The river runs through the Greta valley in Yorkshire.
 Mount Washakie (or Washakie Peak) (12524 feet (3817 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The mountain is on the Continental Divide in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest and Popo Agie Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest. Washakie Glacier lies .50 mi (0.80 km) to the southeast of the peak.
 The South Aral Sea was a lake in the basin of the former Aral Sea which formed in 1986 when that body divided in two due to diversion of river inflow for agriculture.
 The Vitorino River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Lago d'Alzasca is a lake in the canton of Ticino Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.1 km².
 Lake Pedder was once a natural lake located in the southwest of Tasmania Australia but the name is now used in an official sense to refer to the much larger artificial impoundment and diversion lake formed when the original lake was expanded by damming in 1972 by the Hydro Electric Commission of Tasmania. The new Lake Pedder has an area of about 242 km² and it is considered to be the largest freshwater lake in Australia.
 The Șaaru River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Fresco River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil. A tributary to Xingu River at São Félix do Xingu.
 Tal-y-llyn Lake also known as Talyllyn Lake Llyn Mwyngil or Llyn Myngul is a large glacial ribbon lake formed by a post-glacial massive landslip damming up the lake within the glaciated valley.
 The Valea Tigăi River is a headwater of the Comana River in Romania.
 Neelakant (or Nilkantha Nilkanth NilkantaNeelkanth) is a major peak of the Garhwal division of the Himalayas in the Uttarakhand region of the Indian state of Uttarakhand. Although substantially lower than the highest peaks of the region it towers dramatically over the valley of the Alaknanda River and rises 3474 metres (11398 ft) above the Hindu holy town of Badrinath only 9 km (6 mi) to the east.
 Ourimbah Creek a perennial river of the Central Coast catchment is located in the Central Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Anieșul Mare River (Hungarian: Nagy-Anyes-patak) is a headwater of the Anieș River in Romania
 The Suyafe River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Pelican River is an 85.3-mile-long (137.3 km) tributary of the Otter Tail River of Minnesota in the United States.
 The Col de Jaman (1512 m) is a mountain pass in the western Swiss Alps connecting Montreux in the canton of Vaud to Montbovon in the canton of Fribourg. The pass itself overlooked by the Dent de Jaman is located within the canton of Vaud the border with the canton of Fribourg running one kilometre east.The pass is connected to Les Avants by a paved road. A railway tunnel (Montreux–Oberland Bernois railway) runs below the pass.
 Boacica River is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil.
 Jabal Bayqah is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Zănoaga River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Amarnath Peak is a mountain with a peak elevation of 5186 metres (17014 ft) in Ganderbal district of Kashmir in the vicinity of Sonamarg. Amarnath Peak is part of the Himalayas and is located south of Zojila and west of Machoi Glacier. It lies 117 km northeast from Srinagar 13 km from Baltal in the southeast. It lies 6 km south of Zojila.
 The Văraștina River or Bolditău River is a tributary of the Valea Vinului River in Romania.
 The Suaçuí Pequeno River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Sierra del Toro (Valencian: Serra del Toro) is a 21 km (13 mi) long mountain range in the Alt Palància comarca Valencian Community close to the limit with Teruel Province Aragon Spain. It is named after the nearby town of El Toro.
 The Açunguí River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Mount Shungol (also known as Mount Chungol) is an ultra-prominent summit (ranked number 31) to the west of Lae in Morobe Province Papua New Guinea. It is in the Herzog Mountain Range and has an elevation of 2752 metres (9029 ft). The Buang people claim ownership to the top of Mount Shungol.
 The Timok (Serbian and Bulgarian Cyrillic: Тимок Romanian: Timoc) is a river in eastern Serbia and for the last 15 km of its run a border between eastern Serbia and western Bulgaria. It derives the names in all these from the name it had in antiquity Latin: Timacus.It is a very branchy system of many shorter rivers a large number of them having the same name (Timok) only clarified with adjectives.
 The Imbariê River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Gabbs Valley Range is a mountain range in the west of the central Nevada desert in the Great Basin region. The range is within Mineral County Nevada.
 Beacon Hill is the highest point in the English county of Norfolk. The hill is located 0.75 miles (1.2 km) south of the village of West Runton on the North Norfolk coast. At its summit the hill is 103 metres (338 ft) above sea level. The hill is also known as Roman Camp. The summit and surrounding woodlands are now in the care of the National Trust.
 Dreisbach (Bröl) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Centennial Lake is a small lake in the Township of Wawa Algoma District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and the primary outflow is an unnamed intermittent creek at the south. The creek flows to the Michipicoten River which flows to Lake Superior.
 Naten is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Au Train River is a 16.8-mile-long (27.0 km) river in Au Train Township Alger County Michigan. It rises at the outlet of Cleveland Cliffs Basin a reservoir and flows north passing through Au Train Lake and entering Lake Superior at the village of Au Train.
 The Chitoc River is a tributary of the Ghilănoiu River in Romania.
 Černá hora (i.e. Black Mountain German: Schwarzenberg) is a 1315 m (4314 ft) high mountain in the Šumava range near the border with Bavaria Germany. Its summit is not much higher than the surrounding area and it's fully covered in deep spruce forest. Nearby is the source of the longest Czech river the Vltava.
 The Trinidad River (Mexico) is a river of Mexico.
 Auer Mühlbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mazama Glacier is located on the southeast slopes of Mount Adams a stratovolcano in the U.S. state of Washington. Mazama Glacier is in the Yakama Indian Reservation. The glacier descends from approximately 10800 ft (3300 m) to a terminus near 7600 ft (2300 m). Mazama Glacier has been in a general state of retreat for over 100 years and lost 46 percent of its surface area between 1904 and 2006.
 Waputik Peak was named by George Mercer Dawson in 1884. It is located in the Waputik Range in Alberta.Waputik means white goat in the Stoney language.
 The Rhön Mountains are a group of low mountains in central Germany located around the border area where the states of Hesse Bavaria and Thuringia come together. These mountains which are at the extreme southeast end of the East Hesse Highlands (Osthessisches Bergland) are partly a result of ancient volcanic activity. They are separated from the Vogelsberg Mountains by the Fulda River and its valley. The highest mountain in the Rhön is the Wasserkuppe (950.2 m) which is in Hesse.
 The Bissell Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert in southeastern Kern County California.
 The Lauterbacher Knochen is a 683 m high peak about one kilometre north of the village of Lauterbach in the municipality of Marienberg in the Ore Mountains. At the summit there is a historic station which was part of the Royal Saxon Triangulation Network.
 The Nicula River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Hann River is a river in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. The traditional owners of the areas around the river are the Ola peoples.It was named after the first European to discover the river Frank Hann who had seen it during his expedition to the region in 1898 and named it the Phillips River.
 Lummene (also Lummenne) is a lake in Finland in the municipality of Kuhmoinen in the Central Finland region. The lake is a bifurcation lake. One outflow from it is eastwards into the lake Päijänne which is a part of Kymijoki basin and drains into the Gulf of Finland. Other outflow is into lake Vehkajärvi and from there into lake Vesijako that also is a bifurcation lake.
 Shamkirchay (Azerbaijani: Şəmkirçay) is one of the tributaries of the Kura River located in northwestern part of Republic of Azerbaijan.
 Wooli Wooli River an open and trained mature wave dominated barrier estuary is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales Australia.
 Nyalam Tong La or Yakrushong La is a Mountain pass in China on the Matsung Tsangpo-Phung Chhu watershed divide where the Friendship Highway connecting Kathmandu Nepal and Lhasa Tibet crosses at 5150 metres (16900 ft) elevation.Originally called Yakrushong La and Kuti Pass by Nepalese traders the pass is currently generally known as Nyalam Tong La (pass from which Nyalam is visible) or simply Tong La although the original Tong La pass lies further east on the traditional Tingri-Nyalam trade route. 
 Mount Grinnell is a peak located in the heart of Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana near Mount Gould and Mount Wilbur. It is named after George Bird Grinnell.From the Many Glacier Hotel on Swiftcurrent Lake the false peak of Grinnell Point can be seen.
 The Gjole is a river in western Albania a source river of the Ishëm River. It is formed by the confluence of the rivers Tiranë and Tërkuzë southwest of Fushë-Krujë. It joins the Zezë near Kodër-Thumanë to form the Ishëm.
 Deepenhorngraben is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 Mount Oshiki (妙敷山 oshikisan) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Lomme Lhomme or L'Homme is a river in the Ardennes in the Walloon region of Belgium. It is a right tributary to the river Lesse itself a right tributary of the river Meuse.
 The Izpegi Pass (French: Col d'Ispeguy Basque: Izpegiko Lepoa Spanish: Puerto de Izpegui) is a 672 m high Pyrenean mountain pass located right on the border between Spain and France linking the Baztan and Baigorri valleys in the Basque Country. The river Bidasoa called Baztan on its upper stage rises close-by on the western side of the Iparla mountain range stretching out north to south.
 Rock of Ages (10895 feet (3321 m)) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Rock of Ages is .50 miles (0.80 km) ESE of The Jaw and on the south side of Hanging Canyon.
 The Corrèze (Occitan: Corresa) is a 95 km long river in south-western France left tributary of the river Vézère. Its source is in the north-western Massif Central. It flows south-west through the Corrèze département (named after the river) and the cities Tulle and Brive-la-Gaillarde. A few km after Brive-la-Gaillarde the Corrèze flows into the Vézère.
 Agia Dynati (Greek: Αγία Δυνατή English: Saint Dynati) is the second highest Greek mountain of Cefalonia (1131 m.) after Mount Ainos (Mavrovouno). It is also the third highest mountain of the Ionian Islands after Ainos and Elati (Lefkada). Between the mountain's peaks are small tablelands with one larger one named Falari. It is believed that Falari produces the best feta cheese in Greece.The stretch of mountain includes parts of the municipalities of Lixouri Pylaros Sami and Kranaia.
 Katoya Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is northeast of Pitamakan Lake while Red Mountain rises more than 3000 feet (910 m) above Katoya Lake to the northeast.
 Gotley Glacier is a well-defined glacier 5 nautical miles (9 km) long descending from the ice-covered slopes of the Big Ben massif to the southwest side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. Its terminus is located between Cape Arkona and Cape Labuan. To the east of Gotley Glacier is Deacock Glacier whose terminus is located between Cape Labuan and Long Beach. To the northwest of Gotley Glacier is Lied Glacier whose terminus is located between Cape Arkona and Cape Pillar.
 The Wildhorn (3248 m) is the highest peak of the Wildhorn group in the Bernese Alps. The first ascent was made by Gottlieb Samuel Studer in September 1843.The mountain forms the boundary between the Canton of Valais and the Canton of Berne. Two small glaciers lie on the east face of the Wildhorn: the Glacier des Audannes and the Glacier de Ténéhet.
 The Bonnechere River is a river in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin in Nipissing District and Renfrew County in eastern and northeastern Ontario Canada. The river flows from Algonquin Provincial Park to the Ottawa River east and north of the town of Renfrew. The river's name is thought to come from the French bonne chère meaning good eating which suggests that early explorers found an ample supply of game animals in this region.
 Muddy Fork is a tributary about 6 miles (10 km) long of the Sandy River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Arising at the base of Sandy Glacier on the west slope of Mount Hood it flows west through the Mount Hood Wilderness in the Mount Hood National Forest. It joins the Sandy River in Old Maid Flat about 5 miles (8 km) northeast of Rhododendron. The stream offers limited fishing for coastal cutthroat trout.
 About this sound Czantoria Wielka (Czech: Velká Čantoryje) is a mountain on the border of Poland and the Czech Republic in the Silesian Beskids mountain range. It reaches a height of 995 meters. Parts of the mountain on both sides are designated a protected area.It is distinct for its steep slopes in the east and the west. Mostly coniferous trees grow on its slopes. It is the largest peak of the Czech part of the Silesian Beskids.
 For river in Africa see Kasai RiverKangsabati River (Pron:/ˌkæŋsəˈbɑːtɪ/) (also variously known as the Kasai and Cossye) rises from the Chota Nagpur plateau in the state of West Bengal India and passes through the districts of Purulia Bankura and Paschim Medinipur in West Bengal before draining in the Bay of Bengal.
 The Minilya River is a river in the Gascoyne of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the south-west of the Black Range then flows in a westerly direction crossing the North West Coastal Highway near the Minilya Roadhouse then later discharging into Lake MacLeod.
 The River Og is a short river in Wiltshire England.It rises near the hamlet of Draycot Foliat and flows south through Ogbourne St George Ogbourne St Andrew and Ogbourne Maizey to Marlborough where it joins the River Kennet.The river flows through a gap in the Marlborough Downs which creates a natural transport route now followed by the A346 and once used by the Midland and South Western Junction Railway.The name is a back-formation from Ogbourne (which itself means Occa's stream).
 Anqasqucha (Quechua anqas blue qucha lake blue lake hispanicized spellings Ancascocha Angascocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Lucanas Province Chaviña District as well as in the Parinacochas Province Coracora District. It is situated at a height of about 3424 metres (11234 ft) about 2.24 km long and 1.48 km at its widest point.
 Lake Bulusan is a lake on Luzon Island in the Philippines. It lies at the heart of Bulusan Volcano National Park which covers a land area of 3672 hectares. It has an elevation of 360 meters and is located on the southeast flank of Mount Bulusan an active volcano.The lake is accessible either through the Maharlika Highway up to the town of Irosin passing through the towns of Casiguran and Juban. From Irosin it is another ten kilometers to the site.
 Endymion is a lunar crater that lies near the northeast limb of the Moon. It is located to the east of Mare Frigoris and north of the Lacus Temporis. To the southwest is the somewhat smaller crater Atlas. Because of its location Endymion has an oval appearance from foreshortening. Beyond the crater along the lunar limb is the Mare Humboldtianum.The floor of Endymion has been covered in low-albedo lava that gives it a dark appearance and makes it relatively easy to locate.
 The Putna Noroioasă River is a headwater of the Putna River in Romania.
 Krn (2244 m) is the highest mountain in Krn Mountains. The mountain is located 50 km from the Adriatic Sea. Krn covers southwestern part of Julian Alps it is surrounded by river soča and smaller rivers Lepenjica and Tolminka. On the Prehodci pass the mountain joins Bohinj mountains. Krn has a mighty western wall which is best viewed from Kobarid and Drežnica.There is a big pasture called Planina Kuhinja which is used for cattle and milk production.
 The Barra Seca River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Maginus is an ancient lunar impact crater located in the southern highlands to the southeast of the prominent crater Tycho. It is a large formation almost three quarters the diameter of Clavius which lies to the southwest. Just to the north of Maginus is the smaller crater Proctor and to the southeast is Deluc.The rim of Maginus is heavily eroded with impact-formed incisions and multiple overlapping craters across the eastern side.
 Striped Peak is a mountain located approximately 12 miles (19 km) west of Port Angeles Washington. It is located directly off the Strait of Juan de Fuca and rises to 1166 feet (355 m). The mountain used to be part of Camp Hayden there are still accessible bunkers located on the mountain. To the east is located Freshwater Bay and to the west Crescent Bay.
 Gansbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 This article is about the geographical feature. For the nearby township see Mount Barker South AustraliaMount Barker is a mountain just outside of the town of Mount Barker in South Australia.The mountain is the home to a transmission tower that services SAGRN and mobile phone transmissions throughout the area.
 At 258 metres Bell Hill is one of the highest hills in the county of Dorset England and a high point on the Wessex Ridgeway.
 The Chalía River is a river of Argentina.
 Chinchayqucha (Quechua chincha chinchay north northern chinchay ocelot qucha lake lagoon northern lake or ocelot lake hispanicized spelling Chinchaycocha) or Junín Lake (Spanish Lago Junín named after the town Junín the center of the ancient Repartimiento de Chinchaycocha) is the largest lake entirely within Peru. Even though Lake Titicaca has a much larger area its eastern half is located on Bolivian territory.
 1839 Metre Summit (1839峰 Ippasankyu-mētoru-hō) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Goat Mountain is a mountain peak rising east of the Crown Pass located directly north of Grouse Mountain in North Vancouver British Columbia Canada. An approximate 8km 4 hour round-trip hike from Grouse Mountain Goat Mountain is popular with local hikers as its steep summit tower provides excellent views over the Greater Vancouver area Howe Sound Washington State the Strait of Georgia Vancouver Island and the Coast Mountains. It also offers area for bouldering east of its summit.
 The Valea Doicii River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 Gatterberge (Dorfen) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Peterson Creek is a river in the Lake Ontario and Cataraqui River drainage basins in South Frontenac Frontenac County and Rideau Lakes Leeds and Grenville United Counties in eastern Ontario Canada. It flows 6.5 kilometres (4.0 mi) from Upper Peterson Lake to its mouth at Hart Lake.
 The Groapa Secuilor is a tributary of the Araci River in Romania.
 Čeladenka is a small river in the Moravian-Silesian Region of the Czech Republic with the source in the Moravian-Silesian Beskids flowing through the village of Čeladná and entering the Ostravice at Frýdlant nad Ostravicí.
 Imandra (Russian: Имандра Finnish: Imantero) is a lake in the south-western part of the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast Russia slightly beyond the Arctic circle. It is located 127 m above sea level; its area is about 876 km² maximum depth is 67 m. The shape of the shore line is complicated. There are a number of islands and the largest one Erm Island measures 26 km².
 The Izvorul River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Mühlenbach (Ruhr) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Isis Temple in the Grand Canyon Arizona USA is a prominence below the North Rim and adjacent Granite Gorge. The prominence lies north of the north bank of the west-flowing Colorado River and is just north of Granite Gorge.
 The Pegnitz is a small river in Franconia in the German federal state of Bavaria. The Pegnitz has its source in the city of the same name at an altitude of 425 m (1394 ft) and meets the Rednitz at 283 m (928 ft) northwest of Fürth. From that point on the river is called Regnitz.The Pegnitz is about 115 km (71 mi) long.The river is inhabited by numerous ducks coots swans and gulls.
 Gudenå or Gudenåen (pronounced [ˈɡuˀðn̩ˌɔːˀn̩]) is Denmark's longest river and runs through the central parts of the Jutlandic peninsula. An anglicized version of the name often seen is 'The River Guden'.Gudenåen flows a total of 176 kilometres from Tinnet Krat in Vejle Municipality between Nørre Snede and Tørring-Uldum to Randers Fjord in Randers on a northward course which takes it through the central parts of Jutland.
 The Izvorul Ptițului River is a tributary of the Cosău River in Romania.
 Snowshoe Lake is a lake in North Frontenac Frontenac County Ontario Canada and part of the Madawaska River drainage basin. It is about 460 metres (1509 ft) long and 140 metres (459 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 354 metres (1161 ft). The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Sullivan Lake and the lake's waters eventually flow via the Madawaska River into the Ottawa River.
 The Pointe du Mountet is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps situated west of Zermatt in Valais. It is located south of the Zinalrothorn.
 The Lipiașul de Sus River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Lake Medora is a lake located on US 41 in Keweenaw County Michigan near Grant and Eagle Harbor Townships. It is approximately 700-acre (2.8 km2) with islands. It is approximately 4.5 miles (7.2 km) from Copper Harbor.
 The Secaş River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Paryaqaqa mountain range (Quechua parya reddish sparrow qaqa rock Paryaqaqa or Parya Qaqa a regional deity a mountain god (apu) hispanicized spellings Pariacaca Pariacacca Pariaccaca Pariaccacca) or Waruchiri mountain range (hispanicized Huarochirí) lies in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Junín Region Yauli Province as well as in the Lima Region Huarochirí Province and Yauyos Province.
 Trout Creek is a 51-mile (82 km) long tributary of the Deschutes River in the U.S. state of Oregon. It drains approximately 692 square miles (1792 km2) of Crook Jefferson and Wasco counties. Arising in the Ochoco Mountains it flows north and then west to its confluence with the Deschutes River.
 The Mamoni River is a river of Panama.The Mamoní runs along the Pacora in eastern Panama draining east then turning south to join the Chepo River just southeast of the town of Chepo. The Mamoní can be divided into three with the upper Mamoní and the lower Mamoní separated by the Mamoní gorge.
 Baril Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after Conrad M.L. Baril a Dominion surveyor killed in WWI.
 Mjogsjøoksli is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Planachaux (1925 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located south of Rossinière in the canton of Vaud. It overlooks the Lac de l'Hongrin on its south side.
 The Campo Real River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Finteușu Mic River is a tributary of the Bârsău River in Romania.
 The Lincoln River is a 7.8-mile-long (12.6 km) river in Mason County Michigan in the United States. It is formed by the confluence of its North and South branches 5 miles (8 km) northeast of Ludington and flows westward to Lake Michigan.
 The Apuaê River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Water politics in the Jordan River basin are the political issues of water within the Jordan River drainage basin including competing claims and water usage and issues of riparian rights of surface water along transnational rivers as well as the availability and usage of ground water.
 Lago di Livigno or Lago del Gallo is a reservoir in the Livigno valley. The lake is mostly in Italy whereas the Punt dal Gall arch dam is crossed by the border with Switzerland (Zernez Grisons).The lake's surface area is 4.71 km².The reservoir has a capacity of 164 million m³. Its minimum and maximum water levels above sea level are at 1700 metres and 1805 metres respectively.
 Brushy Butte is a small poorly studied shield volcano located immediately east of Timbered Crater south-southeast of the Medicine Lake Highlands in northern California USA (near where Siskiyou County California is adjacent to Shasta County California).
 The Dos Cedros River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Jordan River is a 5-mile-long (8 km) tidal river in Hancock County Maine flowing to Mount Desert Narrows the waterway that separates Mount Desert Island from the mainland. The Jordan River forms the boundary between the towns of Lamoine and Trenton.
 The Garibaldi Lake volcanic field is a volcanic field located in British Columbia Canada. It was formed by a group of nine small andesitic stratovolcanoes and basaltic andesite vents in the scenic Garibaldi Lake area immediately north of Mount Garibaldi was formed during the late Pleistocene and early Holocene. The oldest stratovolcano Black Tusk formed between about 1.3 and 1.1 million years ago (Ma).
 Gadeoksan is a mountain in South Korea. Its area extends across Gapyeong County Gyeonggi-do and the city of Chuncheon in Gangwon-do. Gadeoksan has an elevation of 858 m (2815 ft).
 Øksfjordjøkelen (Northern Sami: Ákšovuonjiehkki) is the ninth largest glacier in mainland Norway. The glacier is located on the border between Finnmark and Troms counties. The 42-square-kilometre (16 sq mi) glacier lies in both Loppa and Kvænangen municipalities.The highest point was earlier known to have an elevation of 1204 metres (3950 ft). It is now a mere 1191 metres (3907 ft) due to climate change. But it still is for the time being the highest point in all of Finnmark county.
 Gongjaksan is a mountain in the county of Hongcheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 887 m (2910 ft).
 The Taylor Glacier is an Antarctic glacier about 54 kilometres (34 mi) long flowing from the plateau of Victoria Land into the western end of Taylor Valley north of the Kukri Hills south of the Asgard Range. The middle part of the glacier is bounded on the north by the Inland Forts and on the south by Beacon Valley.The glacier was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901–04) and at that time thought to be a part of Ferrar Glacier.
 Nef Glacier is a glacier located in Laguna San Rafael National Park in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile. It trends southeast from Cerro Largo to its terminus in the lake that shared its name.It is the fifth largest glacier in the Northern Patagonian Ice Field after San Quintín San Rafael Steffen and Colonia.
 Maesglase is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales situated approximately four miles to the south-west of Aran Fawddwy. It is the highest of the Dyfi Hills.It can be reached by an easy but steep walk through the forestry from Dinas Mawddwy or directly from the bwlch on the A470. Ascending Maesglase provides an opportunity to climb several other nearby peaks including Maen-Du Craig Rhiw-erch Waun-oer Craig Portas and Cribin Fawr which are linked by a series of ridges and arêtes.
 Mount Churchill is a volcano in the Saint Elias Mountains and the Wrangell Volcanic Field of eastern Alaska. Churchill and its higher neighbor Mount Bona about 2 mi (3 km) to the southwest are both large ice-covered stratovolcanoes with Churchill being the fourth highest volcano in the United States and the seventh highest in North America.
 Delta Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Delta Lake is situated in Glacier Gulch and is fed rock flour (glacial silt) from the Teton Glacier which turns the water turquoise in appearance.
 Mascarin Peak (until 2003 called State President Swart Peak) is the highest mountain on Marion Island with a height of 1230 metres (4040 ft). Marion Island is the largest island of the Prince Edward Islands in the sub-Antarctic Indian Ocean. The islands belong to South Africa and are administered by the South African National Antarctic Programme.Mascarin Peak is South Africa's only active volcano. The last eruption occurred in 2004.
 Chain Lakes Reservoir is a reservoir in Alberta.
 Allt yr Esgair is a hill in the Brecon Beacons National Park in the county of Powys south Wales. It is commonly referred to locally as simply 'The Allt'. The Welsh name signifies 'wooded slope of the ridge'. It takes the form of a northwest-southeast aligned ridge which rises to a height of 393m and which overlooks the valley of the River Usk to the west and south.
 Azophi is a lunar impact crater that lies in the rugged south-central highlands of the Moon. The northwest rim is attached to the slightly smaller crater Abenezra. To the east-southeast is the large and irregular Sacrobosco. The wide outer rim of Azophi has a somewhat polygonal shape with rounded corners. The edge is relatively sharp and cleft-like. The rim is not significantly worn or impacted by smaller craters with the exception of Azophi C which lies on the inner northeast wall.
 Goose Lake (District of Chester) is a lake of Chester Municipal District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Svalia is a 36-km long river in northern Lithuania tributary to the Lėvuo River. City Pasvalys is located near the mouth of Svalia and owns its name to it. Pasvalys in Lithuanian language means [Town] near Svalia.
 Allner See is a lake in Rhein-Sieg-Kreis North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 635 m its surface area is 0.10 km².
 Nidka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Bełdany.
 Mount Victory is an active volcano on the north east coast of Oro Province Papua New Guinea with a height of 1884 metres (6181 ft).The mountain is a major andesite volcano with the magma known for its high levels of Nickel and Chromium. Captain John Moresby named the mountain after HMS Victory. The volcano was used as a beacon due by ships due to the red crater glow.
 Salar de Uyuni (or Salar de Tunupa) is the world's largest salt flat at 10582 square kilometers (4086 sq mi). It is located in the Potosí and Oruro departments in southwest Bolivia near the crest of the Andes and is at an elevation of 3656 meters (11995 ft) above mean sea level.The Salar was formed as a result of transformations between several prehistoric lakes.
 Gothics the mountain its name due to their resemblance to Gothic architecture. The summit has near 360 degree views which combined with its location in the High Peaks Region gives splendid views of the Adirondacks.
 The Curpătu River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Curpătul Mare and Curpătul Mic
 East Warwick Reservoir is located in the London Borough of Waltham Forest at Walthamstow. The storage reservoir is part of the Lee Valley Reservoir Chain and supplies drinking water to London. The reservoir is owned by Thames Water.
 Lake Mohave is a reservoir formed by Davis Dam on the Colorado River which defines the border between Nevada and Arizona in the United States. The lake lies at an elevation of 647 feet (197 m) near Laughlin Nevada Searchlight Nevada Cottonwood Cove Nevada and Bullhead City Arizona The Lake starts at the Hoover Dam on the Colorado River and runs to the Davis Dam.
 The Parkstein also called the Hoher Parkstein and Basaltkegel Hoher Parkstein is a well-known local hill and tourist destination in the Steinwald Mountains of central Germany. It lies 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northwest of Weiden in der Oberpfalz in the district of Neustadt a.d.Waldnaab and is one of the most popular walking and daytripper destinations in North Upper Palatinate.
 The Tamarca River or Tătarca River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in eastern Romania.
 The Belém River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Killington Peak is the second highest summit in the Green Mountains and in the U.S. state of Vermont. It is located east of Rutland in south-central Vermont. A ski resort Killington Ski Resort nicknamed the beast of the east is located on the mountain. Killington is a stop on the Long Trail which here shares its route with the Appalachian Trail. Traveling southbound on the Trail it is the last 4000 feet (1200 m) peak until Virginia.
 The Clyde River is a river in Lanark County in Eastern Ontario Canada. It is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin is a left tributary of the Mississippi River and was named after the River Clyde in Scotland.
 Kilconquhar Loch /kɨˈnjʌxər lɒx/ is a Scottish freshwater loch.This small shallow loch is a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and is located beside the village of the same name in East Fife within a mile of the coastal village of Elie.The loch appears to be a comparatively recent feature the earliest reference being to the gret loch callit of auld the Reidmyre (Scots: red or reed peat bog) in 1599 and referred to as Keanwchar Loch by 1654 in Blaeu's Atlas Novus.
 The President Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located in the northwestern section of Yoho National Park. The range is named for the highest peak in the range The President.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Rauher Berg is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Austria in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps close to the town of Malbun with a height of 2094 metres (6870 ft).
 Krasnoff is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southeastern part of the Montes Cordillera range near the southwest limb of the Moon. From the Earth this crater appears foreshortened and visibility can be affected by libration. To the north of Krasnoff is the crater Eichstadt and to the southwest is Shaler both along the edge of the Montes Cordillera mountain ring.The rim of this crater is sharp-edged and not notably worn.
 The Saciova River is a tributary of the Covasna River in Romania.
 The Brusturi River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 The Lesser Lule River (Swedish: Lilla Luleälven) is a tributary of the Lule River in north Norrland in Norrbotten County Sweden. The river which is entirely within the municipality of Jokkmokk is 238 km long with a drainage basin of approximately 9800 km². The longest tributary of the Lesser Lule River is called Tarrajåkkå and it originates in the southern part of Sarek Fell.
 Mount Erymanthos (Greek: Ερύμανθος Latin: Erymanthus also Olonos (Ωλονός)) is a mountain range in the southern part of Achaea and the northeastern part of Elis. With an elevation of 2224 meters it is the fourth-tallest mountain in the Peloponnese peninsula. The summit is located on the boundary of Achaea and Elis. Historically Mount Erymanthos was part of northwestern Arcadia where it was the second-tallest mountain range. The northern portion belonged to the historic Achaea.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 The Vâlcioara River is a tributary of the Săvăstreni River in Romania.
 The Escuro River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Pârâul de sub Creasta Măricenilor is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 The Cucureasa River or Cucuroasa River is a tributary of the Teșna River in Romania.
 Krofička (2083 m) is a mountain in an eastern part of Kamnik Alps. Together with her pinacle Ute (2029 m) and neighbour Strelovec forms a barrier between Logarska dolina in Robanov kot. Southern part descends steeply on Škrbina with which it is connected with Ojstrica. Her eastern side is very steep grassy on upper part on western side it descends with gorge. There is nice panoramic view on top.
 The Tașaul River is a river in Romania.
 Storavan is a lake in Norrbotten County Lappland Sweden southeast of Lake Uddjaure 421 metres above sea level.
 Kalsubai Peak (Marathi: कळसूबाई शिखर) is the highest peak (1646 meters) of the Sahyadris in Akole Taluka of Ahmednagar district of Maharashtra an Indian state. 'Kalsubai' temple is located at the topmost peak of Sahyadri mountain range of Maharastra. At the summit there is a plain ground with a small temple of Kalsubai a local deity. A traditional prayer (pooja) service is held every Tuesday and Thursday by a local priest.
 Abercrombie Mountain is a tall peak in the Selkirk Mountains of northeast Washington located within the Colville National Forest. At 7310 feet (2228 m) in elevation it is the highest point in Stevens County and the second highest peak in eastern Washington. Gypsy Peak within the Salmo-Priest Wilderness is at least 10 feet (3.0 m) taller.
 The Râul cu Cale is a tributary of the Meziad River in Romania.
 Salhouse Broad one of the Norfolk Broads is situated on the River Bure in The Broads in Norfolk England. The broad is situated just off the river and attracts little through traffic. It lies south of Hoveton Great Broad and approximately half a mile north of the village of Salhouse. Salhouse Broad is accessible from the landward side and moorings are also permitted to fee-paying boat visitors. It is privately owned and managed in conjunction with the community of Salhouse.
 The Pârâul Urșilor is a headwater of the Lăpuşel River in Romania.
 The Sangre de Cristo Range called the East Range locally in the San Luis Valley is a high rugged and narrow mountain range of the Rocky Mountains in southern Colorado in the United States running north and south along the east side of the Rio Grande Rift .
 Cloudveil Dome (12026 feet (3666 m)) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming immediately southeast of Grand Teton. The peak is in the central portions of the range immediately east of South Teton and is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group. Cloudveil Dome rises to the south of Garnet Canyon. The peak has a variety of mountaineering routes but since it is near to more popular climbing zones it is often overlooked.
 Bleaberry Fell is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria England with a height of 590 metres (1936 feet). It stands on the main watershed between Borrowdale and Thirlmere and can be climbed from either flank. Walla Crag is a subsidiary top of Bleaberry Fell.
 Simoa is the name of a river which flows through the municipalities of Sigdal and Modum in Buskerud County Norway.
 Indi Lake is a man-made lake in central Saskatchewan Canada south of Saskatoon in the rural municipality of Dundurn No. 314. The lake was created for recreation in 1967 by a dam located at its south end.
 The Fundățica River is a tributary of the Urdărița River in Romania.
 Chimoré River (Spanish: Río Chimoré) is a river in Cochabamba Department Bolivia.
 The Two Rivers is a 7.0-mile-long (11.3 km) river in Kittson County northwestern Minnesota in the United States. Formed by the North Branch of the Two Rivers and the South Branch of the Two Rivers it is a tributary of the Red River of the North with its outflow traveling north through Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River to Hudson Bay.The North Branch flows 61.4 miles (98.8 km) from a point 8 miles (13 km) east of Lancaster Minnesota to its confluence with the South Branch.
 Lake Kompienga is a reservoir lake in Kompienga Province in southeastern Burkina Faso. The Kompienga Dam was built in the 1980s to create the lake for economic purposes.In 1985 demographers predicted that the construction of the Kompienga dam and lake would bring about 15% increase in immigration to area between 1985 and 1990 15% between 1990 and 1995 and 8% between 1995 and 2000 for economic reasons.
 Little Ferguson Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Holzbach (Diemel) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The river Vefsna (Southern Sami: Vaapstenjeanoe or Swedish: Vapstälven) is the largest river in Nordland county Norway. It is 163 kilometres (101 mi) long and drains a watershed of 4122 square kilometres (1592 sq mi). Its headwaters lie in the mountains of Børgefjell National Park at the lake Simskardvatnet. The river runs through the municipalities of Hattfjelldal Grane and Vefsn. The southern parts of the river are sometimes called the river Susna.
 The Verugal Aru (Verugal River) (Tamil: Verugal Aru) literally flood or that which overflows; is a river on the island Ceylon that separates the Trincomalee and Batticaloa Districts. The famous Verugal Kandaswamy Temple lies on its banks. It flows through Verugal town just north of Kathiraveli. The river reaches the Indian ocean on the eastern coast of the island just south of Trincomalee. The river also feeds the Ullackalie Lagoon.
 Fiddle Peak was named by James Hector in 1858. It is located in the Fiddle Range of Alberta Canada.
 O'Neill Forebay is a forebay to the San Luis Reservoir created by the construction of O'Neill Dam across San Luis Creek approximately 12 miles (19 km) west of Los Banos California United States on the eastern slopes of the Pacific Coast Ranges of Merced County.
 Elk Mountain elevation 11424 ft (3482 m) is a summit in the Rabbit Ears Range of northern Colorado. The mountain is 13 mi (21 km) northwest of Granby in the Arapaho National Forest.
 The Adamello-Presanella Alps Alpine group is a mountain range in the Southern Limestone Alps mountain group of the Eastern Alps. It is located in northern Italy in the provinces of Trentino and Brescia.
 The Kwilu River is a major river that originates in Angola and flows north through Bandundu Province in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) to the city of Bandundu where it joins the Kwango River just before this stream enters the Kasai River.
 Hapu Punta (Quechua hapu oven made in the field of clods of earth with dry roots which are burnt to heat potatoes in them to prepare the traditional dish wathiyas Spanish punta tip point wathiya point also spelled Japu Punta) or Wichqana (Quechua for a bar across a door or window bolt lock blockade hispanicized Vichgana) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5845 metres (19177 ft) high.
 The White Rock River is a river in the South Canterbury area of New Zealand. It rises south of the 1525 metres (5003 ft) Mount Nimrod / Kaumira in the Hunter Hills and flows northeast then north to joint the Pareora River.
 The Lemhi River is a 60-mile-long (97 km) river in Idaho in the United States. It is a tributary of the Salmon River which in turn is tributary to the Snake River and Columbia River.
 Vers is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Puig Estela is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 2013 metres above sea level. between the villages of Ogassa and Pardines.
 Topsæ is a lake in the municipality of Bygland in Aust-Agder county Norway. It is located 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) east of lake Hovatn about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of the village of Åraksbø. The Topsæfossen waterfall is located at the north end of the lake at the primary inflow.
 The Dürre Ager River flows through the Attergau area in Upper Austria from South to North and joins the Vöckla River at Timelkam. Thereby the river reaches a length of appr. 22.5 km. In the middle course it passes through Sankt Georgen im Attergau. The water has B quality.
 Konka is a tributary of Dnieper River flowing through the Kherson Oblast. The city of Hola Prystan a small town founded by Catherine II of Russia is located on the river.
 Mount Whyte is a mountain in Alberta Canada located in Banff National Park near Lake Louise. The mountain can be seen from the Trans-Canada Highway and offers views of the Valley of the Ten Peaks including the Chateau Lake Louise.The mountain was named in 1898 by Sir William Methuen after William Whyte a representative of the Canadian Pacific Railway.
 Cushetunk Mountain (formerly Mount Ployden and Pickel's Mountain occasionally Mount Cushetunk or Coshanton) is a ring shaped mountain in the U.S. state of New Jersey located in Readington and Clinton Township. The Lenape called the mountain Cushetunk meaning place of hogs after the wild hogs found there. In the 1960s the valley at the heart of the mountain was dammed and filled with water to create Round Valley Reservoir.
 The Mocanul River is a tributary of the Izvorul Alb River in Romania.
 The Izvorul lui Manole River is a tributary of the Cheiţa River in Romania.
 Mount Morungole lies within the Kidepo Valley National Park north-east Uganda Africa. It is in the rugged semi-arid Karamoja province near the border with the Sudan. Neighbouring peaks are Mount Zulia and the Labwor and Dodoth Hills reach heights in excess of 2000 meters.The local inhabitants were the Ik who were moved by a previous administration. They were attached to Mount Morungole considering it a sacred place.
 Glisan Glacier is an alpine glacier located on the northwest slope of Mount Hood in the US state of Oregon. It lies at an average altitude of 7500 feet (2300 m).
 The Tușnad River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Mount Lucania is the third highest mountain located entirely in Canada. A long ridge connects Mt. Lucania with Mount Steele (5073m) the fifth highest in Canada. Lucania was named by the Duke of Abruzzi as he stood on the summit of Mount Saint Elias on July 31 1897 having just completed the first ascent.
 The Chilodia River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
 The Dead Sucker River is a 4.4-mile-long (7.1 km) tributary of the Blind Sucker River on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. Via the Blind Sucker River it is a tributary of Lake Superior.
 The São Francisco (Portuguese pronunciation: [sɐ̃w fɾɐ̃ˈsiʃku]) is a river in Brazil. With a length of 2914 kilometres (1811 mi) it is the longest river that runs entirely in Brazilian territory and the fourth longest in South America and overall in Brazil (after the Amazon the Paraná and the Madeira).
 Sierra de Algairén is a mountain range in Aragon Spain located between the comarcas of Campo de Cariñena and Comunidad de Calatayud. The ridge's highest summit is Pico de Valdemadera (1276 m).The Algairén Mountains are covered with forest made up pine Carrasca (Quercus ilex) cork oak and also maple trees. They are a Special Protection Area for birds.These mountains are part of the Iberian System and the summits are often covered with snow in the winter.
 The Yvette is a small river in southern Île-de-France (France) left tributary of the Orge which is a tributary of the Seine. Its source is in Les Essarts-le-Roi north of Rambouillet in the Yvelines department. Various communes of the Essonne département are named after it: Bures-sur-Yvette Gif-sur-Yvette and Villebon-sur-Yvette.
 The Okhota River (Russian: Охота lit. Hunting and from a Tungus word meaning river) is a river in Khabarovsk Krai which flows south to the Sea of Okhotsk at the town and port of Okhotsk.Okhota River is 393 km long its drainage basin is 19100 square kilometres. It is frozen from early November to May. Snow cover in the valley can last until late June. To the east is the parallel Kukhtui River and then the Kukhtui Range.
 The Little Trout River is a 9.2-mile-long (14.8 km) river in Presque Isle County Michigan in the United States. It is a tributary of Lake Huron.
 The Vézère (Occitan: Vesera) is a 211 km long river in southwestern France. It is an important tributary to the Dordogne River. Its source is in the northwestern part of the elevated plateau known as the Massif Central. It flows southwest through the following départements and cities: Corrèze: Pérols-sur-Vézère Bugeat Uzerche Vigeois Brive-la-Gaillarde Dordogne: Montignac Terrasson-Lavilledieu Les Eyzies-de-Tayac-Sireuil Le BugueIt flows into the Dordogne near Le Bugue.
 Viewed to the west travelling north dominates the surrounding lakes of the north Roscommon and Leitrim countryside. Situated between Boyle and Castlebaldwin the Curlew Mountains (Irish: An Corrshliabh) oversees the north Connacht countryside.
 The Apón River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into Lake Maracaibo.
 Sickingmühlenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Mândra River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Kalmia Hills are a low mountain range of the Peninsular Ranges System in Riverside County California.They are located on the north of both the landform and city of Moreno Valley.
 Sorpe (Lenne) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Susunia (Bengali: শুশুনিয়া) is a hill of southern West Bengal India. It is known for its holy spring its natural beauty its rich flora and the rock faces on which many of the famous mountaineers of this region started their journey. It is one of the rich reserves of medicinal plants. Susunia is situated at the north-western part of Bankura District.
 The Remsspitze (Italian: Punta di Remes) is a mountain in the Saldurkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Lemp (Dill) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Râul Diului is a tributary of the Baleia River in Romania.
 The Großer Burgberg is a ca. 483 m (1585 ft) high hill on the northern rim of the Harz mountains range right on the edge of Bad Harzburg in Lower Saxony.
 Overcoat Peak (7432 feet (2265 m)) is in Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington. Overcoat Peak is less than .40 mi (0.64 km) northwest of Chimney Rock and both are within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness. Overcoat Glacier is on the east slopes of Overcoat Peak.Overcoat Peak was named by Albert Hale Sylvester after he left his coat on the mountain during a surveying trip in 1897.
 Schallenberg Pass (el. 1167 m.) is a high mountain pass in the canton of Berne in Switzerland.It connects Steffisburg and Marbach. The pass road has a maximum grade of 10 percent.
 Chilbosan is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 469 metres.
 The Hagota River is a tributary of the Figheș River in Romania.
 The Schwarzhorn (also known as Punta Marani) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border between the Binntal (Valais) and the Valle Dèvero (Piedmont). It lies north of the Scherbadung.The area is renowned for its unique minerals that are found here in a dolomitic host rock. Elements found are typically As Fe Pb Sb.
 The Gârbova River or Gârbovana River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Beinn Sgulaird is a Scottish mountain located between Glen Creran and Glen Etive in the southern highlands. It has a height of 937 m (3074 ft) and is classed as a Munro. Its Gaelic name means hat shaped hill though it is more colloquially known to local shepherds as the bastard.The mountain takes the form of a long ridge which runs from southwest to northeast three kilometres of which lie above 800 m.
 The Robaia River is a tributary of the Topolog River in Romania.
 Mount Custer (8883 feet (2708 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Situated along the Continental Divide Mount Custer rises more than 3300 feet (1000 m) above Lake Nooney located below the summit to the east. Herbst Glacier is immediately northeast of the peak.
 Nanda Kot (Hindi-नन्दा कोट) is a mountain peak of the Himalaya range located in the Pithoragarh district of Uttarakhand state in India. It lies in the Kumaon Himalaya just outside of the ring of peaks enclosing the Nanda Devi Sanctuary 15 kilometres (9 mi) southeast of Nanda Devi itself.
 The Detroit River is a 24-nautical-mile-long (44 km; 28 mi) river in the Great Lakes system. The name comes from the French Rivière du Détroit which translates literally as River of the Strait. The Detroit River has served an important role in the history of Detroit and is one of the busiest waterways in the world. The river travels south from Lake St. Clair to Lake Erie and the whole river carries the international border between Canada and the United States.
 The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Topolog River in Romania.
 The River Mountains are a mountain range in Clark County Nevada that demarcate the Las Vegas Watershed from the Lake Mead Watershed.
 The Râul Înfundăturii is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 Old Hickory Lake is a reservoir in north central Tennessee. It is formed by the Old Hickory Lock and Dam (36°17′48″N 86°39′20″W) located on the Cumberland River at mile 216.2 in Sumner and Davidson Counties approximately 25 miles (40 km) upstream from Nashville. The city of Hendersonville is situated on the northern shoreline of the lake and Old Hickory a portion of Metropolitan Nashville-Davidson County is located on the southern side of the lake just upstream of the lock and dam.
 Hochzellberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Latava is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 9.7 kilometres and has a basin area of 19.4 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 Abul Kasim is a mountain in southeastern Ethiopia. Located in the Arsi Zone of the Oromia Region this mountain has an elevation of 2573 metres (8442 ft) above sea level. It is the highest point in Seru woreda.Although this mountain has great importance to Oromo cultural and religious tradition as the home of the Abba Muda it is also important as the location of the tomb of a descendant of the Muslim saint Sheikh Hussein and is the object of an annual pilgrimage.
 Pingré is a lunar impact crater that is located near the southwest limb of the Moon beyond the large crater Phocylides. It lies to the northwest of the huge walled basin Bailly and to the east of the smaller Graff. Due to its location this crater appears foreshortened when viewed from the Earth.The outer rim of this crater has become worn due to minor impacts leaving the features rounged and irregular.
 Sunrise Mountain is a peak of the Kittatinny Mountains in Sussex County New Jersey United States. The mountain is 1650 feet (503 m) tall and overlooks Beemerville to the east. It lies along the Appalachian Trail in Stokes State Forest.
 The Teurihorn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Splügen in the canton of Graubünden. It is located between the valleys of the Stutzbach and the Steilerbach south of the Alperschällihorn.
 The Glodeni River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Caá-Iari River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Tasman Sea (Māori: Te Tai-o-Rehua.) is a marginal sea of the South Pacific Ocean situated between Australia and New Zealand. It measures approximately 2000 kilometres (1200 mi) across and extends 2800 km (approx.) from north to south. The sea was named after the Dutch explorer Abel Janszoon Tasman who was the first recorded European to encounter New Zealand and Tasmania.
 Toke is a lake in Drangedal municipality in Telemark Norway consisting of Upper and Lower Toke which is connected via Straumen - the stream. At the north end of Upper Toke is the town center Prestestranda. In the south Lower Toke reaches into Bamble (Rørholtfjorden) and into Kragerø where its outlet is in Lundereidelva at the Dalfoss hydroelectric plant.
 Big Boy Peak at 11402 feet (3475 m) above sea level is a peak in the Lemhi Range of Idaho. The peak is located in Butte County on the border of Caribou-Targhee National Forest and Salmon-Challis National Forest. It is about 0.75 mi (1.21 km) southeast of The Riddler and 1 mi (1.6 km) north of Shoshone John Peak. It is the 50th highest peak in Idaho.
 Luna Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Situated 1 mi (1.6 km) southwest of Luna Peak which is the tallest mountain in the rugged Picket Range Luna Lake is a proglacial lake impounded by the moraine of a retreated glacier.
 Mount Bisoke (also Visoke) is an active volcano in the Virunga Mountains of the Albertine Rift the western branch of the East African Rift. It straddles the border of Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo but the summit is located in Rwanda. It is located approximately 35 km northeast of the town of Goma and adjacent Lake Kivu.
 Petrarch is a crater on Mercury at latitude -30 longitude 26.5. It is ~170 km in diameter. This crater is located within the distorted terrain on the opposite side of the planet from the Caloris Basin. It is named after Petrarch the medieval Italian poet.
 The Chitid River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
 The Hörsel is a 56 km long river in Thuringia Germany right tributary of the Werra. It is formed by the confluence of two smaller rivers in Leinatal at the northern edge of the Thuringian Forest. The Hörsel flows generally northwest through the towns Hörselgau Wutha-Farnroda and Eisenach. It flows into the Werra in Hörschel a village near Eisenach.
 The Andrade River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 for the reservoir in Plumas County California see Antelope Dam (California)Antelope Reservoir is a large body of water impounded for irrigation in a semi-arid region of northeastern Oregon in the United States. Located near the small city of Jordan Valley in Malheur County it is about 10 miles (16 km) west of Oregon's border with Idaho. Although the lake is formed by a dam across Jack Creek most of the water enters the reservoir via the Antelope Feeder Canal.
 Birch Lake is a lake 1.5 miles (2.4 km) south of Barnsdall Oklahoma Oklahoma and about 20 miles (32 km) southwest of Bartlesville.It impounds about 1137 acres (4.60 km2) of water.It is formed from Birch Creek which is a tributary of Bird Creek.
 Tittesworth Reservoir is a water storage reservoir near Leek Staffordshire England fed by the River Churnet. The reservoir and associated water treatment works are owned and operated by Severn Trent Water. The reservoir was created in 1963 when an earth embankment dam was built across the River Churnet valley. Tittesworth is the second largest reservoir by volume in the county of Staffordshire.A visitor centre contains a restaurant and small shop.
 Mount Bourgeau is a mountain located in the Massive Range of Banff National Park in Alberta Canada. It was named by James Hector in 1860 after Eugène Bourgeau a botanist with the Palliser Expedition.
 Coffee Creek is a 11.2-mile (18.0 km) tributary of Brokenstraw Creek in Warren County Pennsylvania in the United States. Coffee Creek joins Brokenstraw Creek in Columbus Township.
 Chikoida Mountain is a mountain on the Taku Plateau in northwestern British Columbia Canada located 52 km (32 mi) southeast of Atlin on the east side of the Silver Salmon River.Chikoida Mountain is a volcanic feature of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province that formed in the past 66.4 million years of the Cenozoic epoch.
 Patterson Creek Mountain is a mountain ridge that forms the border between Mineral and Hampshire counties and Grant and Hardy Counties in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle. The mountain's namesake Patterson Creek parallels its western flank. The southern end of the Patterson Creek Mountain is near the confluence of Lunice Creek and the South Branch Potomac River and its northern end is located southwest of Springfield. The mountain reaches its highest elevation at Charles Knob.
 Manantico Creek spelled Menantico on federal maps is an 11.1-mile-long (17.9 km) tributary of the Maurice River in Cumberland County New Jersey in the United States.Menantico Creek begins in Cumberland County at the confluence of Cedar and Panther Branches .75 miles (1.2 km) north of Hances Bridge. It flows south/southwest down the eastern forested side of Vineland through Menantico Lake then several miles downstream meanders through Menantico Ponds.
 The Das Ondas River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Hardscrabble Pass (9085 ft/2769 m) is a mountain pass in South-Central Colorado (USA). It lies between the Wet Mountain Valley to the west and the valley of the Arkansas River to the east. The pass traverses the Wet Mountains. State Highway 96 runs over the pass linking the towns of Wetmore to the east and Westcliffe to the west.The pass forms part of the Frontier Pathways Scenic and Historic Byway. Hardscrabble Pass goes through the San Isabel National Forest.
 The Omaumau River is a short river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northwest to reach the Kaipara Harbour 20 kilometres northeast of Helensville.
 The Allen River is a river in the West Coast district of the South Island of New Zealand. It drains the south side of the Allen Range (heights up to 1450 m) which forms part of the boundary between West Coast and Tasman districts.The river has left and right branches for half its length and the right branch has a major tributary stream in a valley between the two branches.
 Col du Soulor (el. 1474 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Pyrenees in France linking Argelès-Gazost with Arthez-d'Asson. It connects the Ouzom and Arens valleys. A road leaves the pass to the west to reach the higher Col d'Aubisque.The road over the col is regularly used in the Tour de France cycling race normally in conjunction with the Col d'Aubisque.
 The Gruiu River is a tributary of the Râul Mic in Romania.
 The Mag River is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
 The Nicholson River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Dodge Reservoir located in Lassen County was created in 1937 by the owners of the Dodge Ranch. It covers an area of 491 acres (199 ha) among Great Basin high-desert sagebrush (Artemisia tridentata) and California Juniper. The surrounding habitat is Sagebrush steppe and is part of the Northern Basin and Range ecoregion. The Dodge Ranch continues to hold the title to the water rights of the reservoir.
 Palitsi Reservoir is a reservoir the village of Palitsi Elena Municipality Bulgaria.This reservoir is part of the Stara Planina mountain range approximately 10 km east of the town of Elena. The waters of the lake are bred with carp white fish and perch which makes it suitable for fishing.The lake offers excellent conditions for vacations recreation camping picnics walks in nature water sports and sunbathing.
 Lake Vozhe also known as Lake Charondskoye (Russian: Воже Чарондское) is a lake in the northern part of Vologda Oblast in Russia. The area of the lake is 416 square kilometres (161 sq mi) and the are of its basin is and the area of its basin is 6260 square kilometres (2420 sq mi). The average depth is around 2 metres (6.6 ft) (maximum depth is 4.5 metres (15 ft)). Lake Vozhe drains through the Svid River into Lake Lacha from which the Onega River flows out.
 Fisher Caldera also known as Mount Fisher and Fisher Volcano is a large volcanic caldera measuring about 6.8 miles (11 km) by 11 miles (18 km) located on Unimak Island in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska. Formed by the destructive eruption of an andesitic stratovolcano about 9100 years ago it contains three crater lakes one 2 miles (3.2 km) wide and two others about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) wide. Small peaks rising 2000 feet (600 m) and 2031 feet (619 m) are also present in the caldera.
 Quraquta (Aymara qura herb quta lake herb lake hispanicized spelling Coracota) is a lake in Peru located in the Puno Region Chucuito Province Kelluyo District. It is situated at a height of about 3868 metres (12690 ft). Quraquta lies southwest of the lake Parinaquta near the Bolivian border.
 Little Panoche Creek formerly known as Arroyita de Panoche or Arroyo de Pannochita (Little Sugarloaf Creek) and later anglicized to Panochita Creek is a creek in Fresno County California. The source of this creek is on the east slope of Glaucophane Ridge of the Diablo Range in San Benito County. It flows east-northeast through Little Panoche Reservoir to empty into the California Aqueduct.
 Mount Michelson is a mountain at the head of the Meares Glacier 34 miles (55 km) NW of Valdez in the Chugach Mountains of Alaska USA. The mountain was named around 1957 for Albert Abraham Michelson by members of the Chugach Mountains Expedition sponsored by the Arctic Institute of North America.
 The Vomano (Latin: Vomanus) is a 76 km Italian river which runs through Montorio al Vomano and Roseto degli Abruzzi in region of Abruzzo. It rises from Monte San Franco in Gran Sasso and enters the sea at Roseto degli Abruzzi.
 Mount Hope is a massive mountain rising to 2860 metres (9380 ft) forming the central and highest peak of the Eternity Range in northern Palmer Land Antarctica. It was first seen from the air and named Mount Hope by Lincoln Ellsworth during his flights of November 21 and 23 1935.
 The Hărlagii River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 Wales Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1927 by Alfred J. Ostheimer after Wales William.
 The Valea lui Anti River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Indian Rock is a tall peak on the Columbia Plateau in Washington USA. At 5823 feet (1775 m) in elevation it is the highest point in Klickitat County.
 The Aniniș River is a tributary of the Ciocadia River in Romania.
 The Pound Gap of Pine Mountain is on the Virginia/Kentucky border between Jenkins Kentucky and Pound Virginia. It served as a passage for early settlers to cross into Kentucky from Virginia. Today U.S. Route 23 passes through the gap.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 Puzhal aeri or Puzhal lake also known as the Red Hills Lake is located in Ponneri Taluk of Thiruvallur district Tamilnadu South India. It is one of the two rain-fed reservoirs from where water is drawn for supply to Chennai City the other one being the Chembarambakkam Lake and Porur Lake.The full capacity of the lake is 3300 million ft³ (93 million m³).
 Geneva Creek is a short tributary of the North Fork South Platte River approximately 14.7 miles (23.7 km) long in central Colorado in the United States. It drains part of the Rocky Mountains southwest of Denver in northern Park County. It rises at the continental divide west of Mount Bierstadt and descends through a canyon to the southeast. It joins the North Fork South Platte from the north at Grant along U.S. Highway 285.
 Gordonbrook Dam is the sole source of water supply for Kingaroy Queensland; it was built in 1941 to provide water for the Royal Australian Air Force Training Base during WWII. In 1987 due to increased demand the dam wall was raised and the inundated area is now 229 hectares.
 Urevassnutene is a mountain of Aust-Agder in southern Norway.
 The Șerpoasa River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania.
 Foel Boeth is the twin top of Gallt y Daren in the southern half of the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd North Wales and forms part of the Arenig mountain range. Its parent peak is Moel Llyfnant. The peak is often known as Foel Boeth however the Nuttall list includes both the twin tops resulting in the higher top being called Gallt y Daren and the lower top called Foel Boeth.The summit is grassy and is marked by a small pile of stones.
 Wilaquta (Aymara wila red blood quta lake red lake hispanicized spelling Vilacota) is a 5179 metres (16991 ft) high mountain in the Apolobamba mountain range in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Puno Region Sandia Province in the districts Cuyocuyo and Quiaca. Wilaquta is situated north west of the Ananea.
 The Mâzgana River is a tributary of the Argeşel River in Romania.
 The Milk River is a 1.7-mile-long (2.7 km) stream in Wayne County and Macomb County Michigan flowing into Lake St. Clair. It flows through the cities of Grosse Pointe Woods and St. Clair Shores.
 Paciá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Izvorul Ursului River is a tributary of the Pârâul Stânei in Romania.
 Stückelberg is a Taunus mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Kapiskau River is a river in the far northeast of Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is a tributary of James Bay.
 The Escondido River is a river of Nicaragua located southwest of Matagalpa.
 Last Mountain Lake also known as Long Lake is a prairie lake formed from glaciation 11000 years ago. It is located in south central Saskatchewan Canada about 40 km northwest of the city of Regina adjacent to the Qu'Appelle Valley which it flows south into through Last Mountain Creek which flows past Craven. It is approximately 93 km long and only 3 km wide at its widest point.
 The São Patrício River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Kodina (Russian: Кодина) is a river in Primorsky and Onezhsky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Onega River. It is 183 kilometres (114 mi) long and the area of its basin 2700 square kilometres (1000 sq mi).
 The South Yamhill River is a tributary of the Yamhill River approximately 60 miles (97 km) long in northwest Oregon in the United States. It drains an area of the Northern Oregon Coast Range as well as part of the Willamette Valley west of the Willamette River.
 Beržuona is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 11.9 kilometres and has a basin area of 22 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 Jach'a Khunu Qullu or Jach'a Khunuqullu (Aymara jach'a big khunu snow qullu mountainbig snow covered mountain hispanicized spellings Jacha Cuno Collo / Jachacunocollo / Jacha Cuno Kollo) is a mountain located in the Andes in Bolivia. It is the highest elevation in the Kimsa Cruz mountain range (Cordillera Kimsa Cruz or Quimsa Cruz) reaching a height of about 5800 metres (19029 ft).
 Lille Kufjorden (Northern Sami: Unna Vuođđovuonaš) is a fjord on the south side of the island of Seiland in Alta Municipality Finnmark county Norway. The fjord is about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) long emptying into the Rognsundet strait on the south end of the fjord.The mouth of the fjord is between Junkerhamnklubben to the west and Klubben to the east. Junkerhamn is a tiny farm the same size as the Junkerhamnklubben peninsula.
 Bach vom Schlüsselgrund is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Carmarthen Bay (Welsh: Bae Caerfyrddin) is an inlet of the south Wales coast.
 Lake Hindmarsh in western Victoria Australia is the state’s largest natural freshwater lake. The nearest towns are Jeparit to the south and Rainbow to the north.The lake has filled after more than a decade of drought due to floods in early 2011.
 The Waikakariki River is a river of the eastern Bay of Plenty Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows west from its sources in the foothills of the Raukumara Range to reach the coast five kilometres southwest of te Kaha.
 The Rivière Rosalie is a river of Martinique.
 The Whirinaki River is a river of the Hawke's Bay and Bay of Plenty Regions of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally north through the Whirinaki Forest Park and Kaingaroa Forest to reach the Rangitaiki River three kilometres north of Murupara.
 The Roßkopf is a 1580 metre high peak in the Mangfall Mountains in Upper Bavaria. It lies in the south of the district of Miesbach right on the boundary between the parishes of Schliersee in the east and Rottach-Egern in the west which forms the watershed between the lakes of Schliersee and Tegernsee.
 Cima del Redentore (monti Sibillini) is a mountain of Marche Italy. It has an elevation of 2448 metres above sea level.
 Mont Poupet is mountain the Jura Mountains Franche-Comté eastern France. With an elevation of 851 metres (2792 ft) it is located in the commune of Saint-Thiébaud. For up there you look down over the whole valley of Salins-les-Bains.The mountain is mostly composed of limestone.
 Seibert Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 The Buzoel River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 The Sochi (Russian: Сочи Soči; Abkhaz Шәача Š°ača IPA: [ʃʷatɕʰa]; Adyghe Шъачэ; Ubykh Шьача) is a river in the city of Sochi in Krasnodar Krai Russia. It is 45 kilometres (28 mi) long and the area of its basin 296 square kilometres (114 sq mi). Originating at Bolshaya Shura Mountain in the Greater Caucasus Mountains it flows southwest and enters the Black Sea at Sochi itself named for the river and site of the 2014 Winter Olympic Games.
 Lake Marie is a small freshwater lake in Umpqua Lighthouse State Park near Winchester Bay Oregon USA. It has a sandy beach at one end for swimming and day use hiking trails surrounding it and is overlooked by a couple of log cabins which can be rented.
 Harperrig Reservoir is a reservoir in West Lothian Scotland UK to the west of the Pentland Hills four miles south of Mid Calder.The Water of Leith flows through it and nearby are Eliburn and Cobbinshaw Reservoirs.
 The Șasa River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 Green Lake is the larger of the two lakes in Green Lakes State Park which lies about 9 miles (14 km) east of downtown Syracuse in Onondaga County New York. Round Lake is the smaller lake located west of Green Lake. Both lakes are meromictic which means that there is no seasonal mixing of surface and bottom waters.
 The Commonwealth Range is a north-south trending range of rugged mountains 144 kilometres (89 mi) long located within the Queen Maud Mountains on the Dufek Coast of the continent of Antarctica. The range borders the eastern side of Beardmore Glacier from the Ross Ice Shelf to Keltie Glacier. Its highest peak is Flat Top at 4000 meters or 13123 feet.
 The Tango River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Vernon River is a 12.4-mile-long (20.0 km) primarily tidal river in the U.S. state of Georgia. Located in Chatham County it rises south of Hunter Army Airfield in Savannah and flows south into tidal marshes where it joins the Little Ogeechee River southwest of Skidaway Island.
 Mt Kerling (Old Hag) is the highest mountain (1538 m) in the District of Eyjafjarðarsveit in the northern part of Iceland. Its structure is mainly basaltic rock but the uppermost part is rhyolite which extends to Mts Súlur nearby and all the way to the lower slopes of Mt. Vindheimajökull to the north of valley Glerardalur.Considered an easy climb with excellent panoramic views on a fine day.
 Florensky is a lunar crater that is attached to the northeastern rim of the larger crater Vernadskiy. It is located on the far side of the Moon and cannot be directly seen from the Earth. The rim of this crater has been heavily eroded and it forms an irregular ring about the uneven interior. This crater was previously identified as Vernadskiy B before being assigned a name by the IAU.
 The Kankakee River ([ˌkæŋkəˈki]) is a tributary of the Illinois River approximately 133 miles (214 km) long in northwestern Indiana and northeastern Illinois in the United States. At one time the river drained one of the largest wetlands in North America and furnished a significant portage between the Great Lakes and the Mississippi River. Significantly altered from its original channel it flows through a primarily rural farming region of reclaimed cropland south of Lake Michigan.
 Muppberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Itaim River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Izvoru Mic River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 The Schönbühlhorn (3854 m) is a mountain in the Bernese Alps overlooking the Aletsch Glacier in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range south of the Grünhornlücke that culminates at the Gross Wannenhorn.
 MacRitchie Reservoir (Chinese: 麦里芝蓄水池 Pinyin: Maìlǐzhī Xùshuǐchí) is Singapore's oldest reservoir. The reservoir was completed in 1868 by impounding water from an earth embankment and was then known as the Impounding Reservoir or Thomson Reservoir.
 The Socorro River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Venna lake is one of the major tourist attractions of Mahabaleshwar in Maharashtra state in India. The lake was constructed by Shri Appasaheb Maharaj who was Raja of Satara in the year 1842. The lake is surrounded by trees on all sides. Tourists can enjoy a boat ride over the lake or a horse ride next to the lake. A number of small eateries line the banks of the lake. The Mahabaleshwar city market and the S.T. bus stand is about 2KM from the lake and makes for a nice walk during the day.
 Canobie Lake is a 375-acre (1.52 km2) body of water located in Rockingham County in southern New Hampshire United States in the towns of Salem and Windham. It is approximately 1.5 miles (2.4 km) long and on average 0.4 miles (0.64 km) wide though two arms of the lake combine to produce a width of 1 mile (1.6 km) at the lake's center. Canobie Lake Park an amusement park is located on the lake's east shore.
 Heart Mountain is an 8123-foot (2476 m) klippe just north of Cody in the U.S. state of Wyoming sticking up from the floor of the Bighorn Basin. The mountain is composed of limestone and dolomite of Ordovician through Mississippian age (about 500 to 350 million years old) but it rests on the Willwood Formation rocks that are only about 55 million years old—rock on the summit of Heart Mountain is thus almost 300 million years older than the rocks at the base.
 Seenbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Little River is a tributary of the North Umpqua River about 30 miles (48 km) long in southwestern Oregon in the United States. It drains part of the western side of the Cascade Range east of Roseburg between the North and South Umpqua.Little River rises north of Quartz Mountain in eastern Douglas County in the Umpqua National Forest. It flows west-northwest and joins the North Umpqua from the south at Glide approximately 12 miles (19 km) east-northeast of Roseburg.
 Angerbach (Rhein) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Moroșeni River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
 The Urubu Grande River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Should not be confused with East Rock another traprock summit in ConnecticutEast Peak 976 feet (297 m) is a prominent basalt traprock mountain in the Hanging Hills of Meriden Connecticut. Rugged and scenic the peak rises steeply above the city of Meriden 600 feet (183 m) below and is characterized by its vertical cliffs and sweeping views of southern Connecticut and Long Island Sound. A small stone observation tower known as Castle Craig stands on the summit.
 Canyon Lake sometimes referenced as Railroad Canyon Reservoir is an artificial lake created in 1928 by the construction of the Railroad Canyon Dam in Railroad Canyon or (San Jacinto Canyon) in Riverside County California. The reservoir covers approximately 525 acres (212 ha) has 14.9 miles (24.0 km) of shoreline and has a storage capacity of 11586 acre·ft (14291000 m3).
 The Dăneasa River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Harper River is a tributary of the Wilberforce River which itself flows into the Rakaia River in New Zealand's Canterbury region. It is located in the Southern Alps and a pass in the Harper River headwaters leads into the Waimakariri River catchment.
 Monte Estância is a mountain in the southeastern part of the island Boa Vista in Cape Verde. At 387 m elevation it is the island's highest point. It is located 23 km southeast of the island capital Sal Rei. The Atlantic Ocean is about 4 kilometres to the southeast. The mountain is entirely of volcanic origin.[citation needed]It is part of a protected natural space in Cape Verde under the statute of natural monument a reason that describes geological and geomorphical features.
 Beinn na Caillich (732 metres) west of Broadford on the isle of Skye is one of the Red Hills or Red Cuillin. Its name is translated into English as 'Hill of the Old Woman'. It is often referred to locally simply as 'The Beinn'.The summit is adorned by an especially large cairn reputedly marking the site where 'Saucy Mary' a Norwegian princess and former resident of Castle Moil in Kyleakin is buried.
 Born-Dorster-Bäk is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Thomas Range is a mountain range of Utah east of the Thomas caldera.[1]
 Lake Kiuruvesi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the Northern Savonia region in Finland. The lake is very shallow.
 The Crivăț River is a tributary of the Ialomiţa River in Romania.
 The Alunișu River is a tributary of the Pârâul Sec in Romania.
 Geissleite is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Besek Mountain also known as Black Mountain est. 840 feet (260 m) is a traprock mountain ridge located 4.75 miles (7.6 km) southeast of Meriden Connecticut. It is part of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border. Besek Mountain is known for its 3-mile (4.8 km) long line of open cliffs unique microclimate ecosystems and rare plant communities.
 Nesbitt Reservoir is located on PA-502 in Spring Brook Township Pennsylvania. The reservoir is managed and protected by the Pennsylvania American Water Company (PAWC). It provides a fresh water supply to approximately 1100 area residents and is the second largest tributary to the Lackawanna River. The Spring Brook tributary begins in Yostville Pennsylvania to confluence with the Lackawanna River in Moosic Pennsylvania. The Spring Brook watershed has eighteen tributaries of its own.
 The Sarcău River is a tributary of the Almaș River in Romania.
 Istor-o-Nal is the third highest mountain in the Hindu Kush in the Chitral District of the North-West Frontier Province of Pakistan. It is the 68th highest independent peak in the world. It crowns a massif with eleven peaks of elevation more than 7000 m (22966 ft). The peak is located a few kilometres northeast of Tirich Mir (the highest mountain in the Hindu Kush) across the Tirich Glacier.
 Santower See is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 36 m its surface area is 1.03 km².
 Vernon Lake is an alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 17 miles (27 km) southwest of Stanley and 14.5 miles (23.3 km) southeast of Grandjean.
 The Leckihorn is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps located on the border between the cantons of Valais and Uri. Its summit is also named Gross Leckihorn (3068 metres) to distinguish it from a lower summit (3023 metres) named Chli Leckihorn.
 Storsteinsfjell is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Pelican Lake is a lake located about seven miles north of Pelican Rapids in Otter Tail County Minnesota United States. Pelican Lake is now a highly developed lake with its major uses being predominantly recreation but its fishing is also excellent. The lake was recently discovered to be infested with zebra mussels which threatens not only Pelican Lake but all lakes connected by the Pelican River.
 Vadamarachchi lagoon (Tamil: வடமராட்சி) is a lagoon in Jaffna District northern Sri Lanka. The lagoon is sometimes referred to as Thondamannar lagoon. The lagoon separates the Vadamarachchi region from the Valikamam and Thenmarachchi regions.The lagoon is connected to the Indian Ocean by a narrow channel to the north near the town of Thondamannar. The lagoon's water is brackish to saline.
 The Izvorul Crucii River is a tributary of the Lala River in Romania.
 The Little River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Fish Hook River also spelled Fishhook River is a tributary of the Shell River 9 miles (14 km) long in north-central Minnesota in the United States. The river's source Fish Hook Lake collects short tributaries known as the Portage River and the Potato River. Via the Shell and Crow Wing rivers the Fish Hook River is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 Paitchau (also Gunung Paitchau or Paitchao or Paitxau; locally Pai Tekau Ile) is a mountain in the Tutuala subdistrict Lautém District of East Timor. Situated within Nino Konis Santana National Park it is south of Lake Ira Lalaro. Though part of a mountain chain Paitchau is an isolated mountain in the southern Sucos Mehara. It ranges in altitude from 0–960 metres (0–3150 ft).
 The Almășel River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 The Skidaway River is an 8.4-mile-long (13.5 km) tidal river in the U.S. state of Georgia. It is located in Chatham County southeast of Savannah. Its north end is at the Wilmington River and it flows southwest from there through Skidaway Narrows to end at the Burnside River which connects via the Vernon and Little Ogeechee rivers with Ossabaw Sound an arm of the Atlantic Ocean. The Skidaway River flows between Skidaway Island to the east and Dutch Island and Isle of Hope to the west.
 Cerro San Luis Obispo is a 1292 feet (394 m) mountain in San Luis Obispo California. It is part of the chain of peaks called the Nine Sisters and is often referred to as San Luis Mountain Mount San Luis or Madonna Mountain. It is a popular spot for mountain biking and hiking offering spectacular views and steep terrain. There is a wide dirt road traversing the mountain that leads to the peak.
 The Corbeni River or Sacalasău River is a tributary of the Valea Fânețelor in Romania.
 The Izvor River is a tributary of the Jitin River in Romania
 Wipperfelder Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Vinjefjorden is a fjord in Møre og Romsdal and Sør-Trøndelag counties in Norway. It begins at the village of Vinjeøra in Hemne Municipality (in Sør-Trøndelag county) and flows west through the municipalities of Aure Halsa Tingvoll and Kristiansund (in Møre og Romsdal county). At its western end it flows into the Talsjøen and Freifjorden. The Halsafjorden Skålvikfjorden and Valsøyfjorden branch off of the 53-kilometre (33 mi) long Vinjefjorden.
 The Volcanic Hills are a low mountain range in the Colorado Desert near the border in southern San Diego County California.
 Markov is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northwestern part of the moon’s near side in the Sinus Roris region of the Oceanus Procellarum. It lies to the south of the crater Oenopides and is connected to the continental region to the north by ridges along the northern rim.The rim of this crater is not appreciably eroded by impacts and retains a sharp edge at the crest.
 Hammerfließ is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Harrison River is a short but large tributary of the Fraser River entering it near the community of Chehalis British Columbia Canada. The Harrison drains Harrison Lake and is the de facto continuation of the Lillooet River which feeds the lake.The Harrison is navigable although in the days of the Fraser Canyon Gold Rush of it was necessary to dredge the sandbars at the confluence with the Fraser which were known as the Riffles and also as the Falls of the Harrison.
 South Meadow Pond is a 17-acre (69000 m2) pond in Carver Massachusetts United States. The pond is located southwest of Plymouth Municipal Airport. The pond is the gateway to South Meadow Village a community limited to people age 55 and over. It has an abundance of pickerel some ranging to 24 inches. It is a very weedy pond difficult to fish and best fished from a canoe.
 Conorochite River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Amazon River basin.
 The Sulitsa (Russian: Сули́ца Tatar Cyrillic: Сөлчә Latin: Sölçä) is a river in Tatarstan Russian Federation a right-bank tributary of the Sviyaga River. Its length is 47 km and its drainage basin is 517 km2. It origins 3 km west of Maydan village of the Verkhneuslonsky District and falls to the Kuybyshev Reservoir south of Sviyazhsk. Major tributaries are Changara Mamatkozino Klyancheyka. The maximal mineralization 500–700 mg/l. Average sediment in mouth per year is 113 mm.
 Embalse Recoleta is a reservoir located 16 km northeast of the city of Ovalle in the Coquimbo Region Chile.
 The Old Hay Brook is a small river in Sheffield South Yorkshire England. It is formed from the Redcar Brook Blacka Dike and another stream which rise on moors to the south of Sheffield and is joined by Needham's Dyke near Totley Grange. At Totley Rise it joins Totley Brook to become the River Sheaf. Water from the river was used to power mills processing lead corn and paper from at least the 1600s which were later used for grinding scythes as the Sheffield metal industry expanded.
 The Izvorul lui Gheorghe River is a tributary of the Harţag River in Romania.
 Beet River is a river in northern Java Indonesia.It is a tributary of the Citarum River.
 Alfeiós (Greek: Αλφειός also romanized as Alpheus Alpheios) is the longest river in the Peloponnese in Greece. The river is 110 km long flowing through the regional units of Arcadia and Elis. Its source is near the village Dorizas about halfway between Tripoli and Megalopoli in the highlands of Arcadia. It flows southwest toward Megalopoli where it has been diverted around open pit lignite mines. At Thoknia it receives its right tributary Elissonas and continues north towards Karytaina.
 The Doba River is a tributary of the Crişul Mic River in Romania.
 The Pedernales River (Hispaniola) is a river of the Dominican Republic and Haiti. It forms the southernmost part of the international boundary between the Dominican Republic and Haiti.
 The Pârâul Mare is a headwater of the Valea Crişului River in Romania.
 Ropar Wetland also named Ropar Lake is a man-made freshwater riverine and lacustrine wetland.
 The Valea Piscul Curii River is a tributary of the Valea Fiașului River in Romania.
 The Pinnacle is one of the two main peaks located within Crowder's Mountain State Park. The other peak is Crowder's Mountain. The park is located in the western Piedmont of North Carolina between the cities of Kings Mountain and Gastonia. The Pinnacle may also be incorrectly referred to as Kings Pinnacle. This misnomer comes from a blending with the name of the ridge that continues south of The Pinnacle Kings Mountain.
 The Valea Negrenilor River or Negreni River is a tributary of the Amaradia River.
 The Cedar River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in the Unorganized Part of Kenora District in northwestern Ontario Canada. The river is a left tributary of the English River.
 Machoi Peak is a mountain with a peak elevation of 17907 ft (5458 metres) in Ganderbal district of Indian Administered Kashmir in the vicinity of Sonamarg. Machoi Peak is part of the Himalaya Range and is located between Amarnath cave and Zojila. It lies 105 km north east from Srinagar 25 km from Sonamarg in the east. It rises from the glacier of its name Machoi Glacier is the source of Nallah Sindh. in the vicinity of Kashmir valley.
 Powwow Pond is a 285-acre (1.15 km2) water body in Rockingham County in southeastern New Hampshire United States. The outlet of the pond is located in the town of East Kingston but most of the lake lies in the town of Kingston. The Powwow River the outlet of the pond flows to the Merrimack River in Amesbury Massachusetts.
 Boney Peak is a peak of the sandstone Boney Mountain formation in Circle X Ranch Park of the Santa Monica Mountains National Recreation Area in Southern California. It is one of the highest points in the Santa Monica Mountains and is in Ventura County.Hiking trails reach Boney Mountain and Peak and feature views of the Pacific Ocean Channel Islands and Mount Baldy.
 The Beaver and Erie Canal also known as the Erie Extension Canal was part of the Pennsylvania Canal system and consisted of three sections: the Beaver Division the Shenango Division and the Conneaut Division.
 Gierbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Kitasu Hill is a young basaltic cinder cone on southwestern Swindle Island on the coast of the Canadian province of British Columbia. It is located 17 km (11 mi) southwest of Klemtu and south of Kitasu Bay. Kitasu Hill produced lava flows that extend to the north. It is the most prominent volcano of the Milbanke Sound Group.
 Lake Ratva is a lake of Estonia.
 Elliott Bay is a part of the Central Basin region of Puget Sound in the U.S. state of Washington that extends southeastward between West Point in the north and Alki Point in the south. Seattle was founded on this body of water in the 1850s and has since grown to encompass it completely. The waterway it provides to the Pacific Ocean has served as a key element of the city's economy enabling the Port of Seattle to become one of the busiest ports in the United States.
 The Valea lui Mareș River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 The Paint Rock River is a 58.7-mile-long (94.5 km) tributary of the Tennessee River in northern Alabama in the United States. Its tributaries also drain a portion of south-central Tennessee.The river is formed in northeastern Jackson County by the confluence of Estill Fork and Hurricane Creek and flows generally southwardly past the town of Paint Rock. In its upper course the river flows through a deep valley cut into the Cumberland Plateau.
 Bottoms Reservoir is a man-made lake in Longdendale in north Derbyshire England. It was constructed between 1865 and 1877 by John Frederick Bateman as part of the Longdendale chain to supply water from the River Etherow to the urban areas of Greater Manchester. The upper reservoirs supplied the drinking water while Bottoms and Vale House reservoirs regulated the flow downstream for the benefit of local water-powered mills.The reservoir was obliged to release ten million gallons a day.
 The Clearwater River is a river located in the Clearwater Wilderness in the Cascade Range in Pierce County Washington. The river drains the wilderness area and is a tributary of the White River.
 Kamarkawarai-tepui also spelled Kamarkaiwaran or Camarcai-barai is the easternmost and tallest of the four main tepuis of the Los Testigos chain in Bolívar Venezuela. It is connected to the two nearest peaks of the massif—Murisipán-tepui and Tereke-yurén-tepui—by a common basement (the westernmost peak Aparamán-tepui is relatively isolated by comparison).
 The Branch River is a river of New Zealand. It is a short tributary of the Taylor River flowing north for 10 kilometres to meet the Taylor 12 kilometres south of the town of Blenheim.
 The Lacs d'Arrémoulit is a group of lakes in Pyrénées-Atlantiques France. At an elevation of 2265 m (7431 ft) their surface area is 0.11 km2 (0 sq mi).
 Peña Bajenza (also known as Gate of La Rioja Mountains of Islallana or Rocks of Viguera) is a large rock formation situated just above the village of Islallana part of the municipality of Nalda in the Spanish province of La Rioja. The 400 metre high red coloured rocks sculpted by erosion are part of the Peñas de Viguera and one of the most well-known landmarks of the region.
 The Mithrim Montes are a range of mountains on Titan the largest moon of the planet Saturn. The range is located near Titan's equator between 1-3° south and 126-8° west. It is located within the Xanadu region.The Mithrim Montes are named after Mithrim Mountains a range in J. R. R. Tolkien's fictional world of Middle-earth. This follows a convention that Titanean mountains are named after mountains in Tolkien's work. It was formally announced on November 13 2012.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania.
 Karijärv is a lake of Estonia.
 The Rocky Mountains commonly known as the Rockies are a major mountain range in western North America. The Rocky Mountains stretch more than 3000 miles (4830 km) from the northernmost part of British Columbia in western Canada to New Mexico in the southwestern United States.
 The Bist (archaic German: Bießt French: Bisten) is a river in France and in Germany and a 26.3 kilometres (16.3 mi) left tributary of the Saar.The Bist begins near the French village of Boucheporn Lorraine and flows northeastward to Creutzwald.
 Sunndalsfjorden (or just Sunndalsfjord) is a fjord in Sunndal Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 17-kilometre (11 mi) long Sunndalsfjorden comprises the southern end of the main Tingvollfjorden. It begins at the Ballsneset peninsula at the municipal boundary of Sunndal and extends south to the village of Sunndalsøra. Other villages along the fjord include Jordalsgrenda and Øksendalsøra.
 The Charlotte River is a river of Grenada.
 Lauvnesvatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Sigdal and Flesberg in Buskerud county Norway.
 The Mooi River (Afrikaans: Mooirivier) is a river in North West Province South Africa. It is a tributary of the Vaal River and belongs to the Upper Vaal Water Management Area.
 The Mușeteica River is a tributary of the Buda River in Romania.
 Lake Orestida or Lake Kastoria (Greek: Λίμνη Ορεστίδα) is a lake in the Kastoria regional unit of Macedonia northwestern Greece. Sitting at an altitude of 630 metres the lake covers an area of 28 square kilometres.Nine rivulets flow into the lake. Its depth varies from nine to ten metres. The Orestida was formed ca. 10 mya ago.
 Bastrop Bayou is a river in Texas.
 Piegan Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated in a cirque on the southeast slope of Piegan Mountain and just below the summit at an elevation between 8800 and 8200 ft (2700 and 2500 m) above sea level. The glacier covered an area of approximately 62 acres (0.25 km2) in 2005 a 10 percent reduction in its surface area since 1966.
 The Buda River is a tributary of the Horoiata River in Romania. Its source is located in the Buda Forrest on Vlamnic Hill. It crosses the localities of Buda and Bogdăneşti before joining the Horoiata River
 Gisborough Moor is a moor in England's North York Moors lying to the south of the town of Guisborough. The summit is a broad flat ridge with the highest point at the southern end some 2 km south of a trig point. It is crossed by a number of footpaths leading between the Cleveland Way and Commondale and other settlements to the south. Highcliff Nab near the moor's north-western corner overlooks Guisborough from the edge of the scarp.
 Mount Cooke near Jarrahdale Western Australia is the highest point on the Darling Scarp at 582 metres (1909 ft). It was named after William Ernest Cooke Western Australia's first Government Astronomer.Mount Cooke is well known for its walk track which is part of the Bibbulmun Track.
 Haiduk Peak is a peak located on the Continental Divide on the border of Banff and Kootenay National Parks at the head of Haiduk Creek. The mountain was named in 1922 probably after the Haiduks of the Balkans.
 Schweina is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Cernișoara River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Brown Clee Hill is the highest hill in the rural English county of Shropshire at 540 metres (or 546 Metres in the AA Road Atlas) above sea level. It is one of the Clee Hills and is in the Shropshire Hills Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
 The South Nahanni River is a major tributary of the Liard River located roughly 500 kilometres west of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It is the centerpiece of Nahanni National Park Reserve. It flows from the Mackenzie Mountains in the west through the Selwyn Mountains growing as it heads east over the majestic Virginia Falls and finally empties into the Liard River. The Nahanni has a unique geological history.
 Innsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Verdal in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake lies in the eastern part of the municipality just west of the border with Sweden. The lake is the headwaters for the river Inna which later flows into the Verdalselva river. The 3.9-square-kilometre (1.5 sq mi) lake sits at an elevation of 415 metres (1362 ft) above sea level.
 The East Bay River (also called the East River) in Florida is a 15-mile-long (24 km) river located in Santa Rosa and Okaloosa counties. It flows from east to west forming near Hurlburt Field and empties into the eastern portion of Pensacola Bay near the towns Holley and Navarre. The river forms part of the southern boundary of Eglin Air Force Base.There is one public boat launch ramp located on the river along State Road 87 in Holley near the outlet into Pensacola Bay.
 The Milwaukee River is a river in the state of Wisconsin. It is about 104 miles (167 km) long.
 Schmiech is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Schneefernerkopf is a 2875 metres (9432 ft) high peak in the Zugspitze massif in the Alps. It lies at the western end of the Wetterstein chain in the Alps on the border between the German state of Bavaria and the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is the dominant mountain in the Wetterstein especially when viewed from Ehrwald.
 Percy Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada located west of the southern portion of Algonquin Park in the municipality of Dysart et al Ontario in Haliburton County. It is located to the east of Haliburton Lake. Several cottages have been built on the northern shore of Percy Lake and much of its southern portion is only accessible by water. Between the northern shore and the southern shore of Percy Lake are the Narrows.
 Parina Quta (Aymara parina flamingo quta lake flamingo lake hispanicized spelling Parinacota) is a lake on the border of Bolivia and Peru at a height of about 4216 metres (13832 ft). On the Bolivian side it is located in the La Paz Department José Manuel Pando Province Qataqura Municipality T'ula Qullu Canton on the Peruvian side in the Puno Region El Collao Province Capazo District. It is connected with the Parina Quta River which forms the border south of the lake.
 The Râul Preotesei is a tributary of the Apa Lazului River in Romania.
 Sywell Country Park exists on the site of a former drinking water reservoir near the village of Sywell in East Northamptonshire England.The reservoir was built at the turn of the 20th century to supply water to the Higham Ferrers and Rushden areas. It operated between 1906 and 1979 and is now a country park run by Northamptonshire County Council. It has an area of 280000 square metres.
 Kuhbach (Itter) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Mount Nasu (那須岳 Nasu-dake) is a group of complex volcanoes in Japan. The tallest peak is Sanbonyari Peak at a height of 1916.9 m (6289 ft). Mount Nasu is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains and is located in the northeast part of Nikko National Park.
 The Crajd River is a tributary of the Călui River in Romania.
 Mount Kent-Urquhart is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 16 km (10 mi) southeast of Gold River and 11 km (7 mi) west of Golden Hinde.
 Orson Welles is an impact crater in the Coprates quadrangle of Mars located at 0.2° S and 45.9° W. It is 124.5 km in diameter and was named after Orson Welles an American radio and motion picture actor and director (1915–1985). He is famous for among other things his radio broadcast of The War of the Worlds in which Martians invade Earth.
 Dankworth Pond is located 8 miles (13 km) south of Safford in southeastern Arizona. The pond is fed by a live Artesian spring which is very warm to the touch (~90°).
 The Pârâul Tulbure is a tributary of the Asău River in Romania.
 The Lynch River is a 9.8-mile-long (15.8 km) tributary of the North Fork Rivanna River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is part of the James River watershed. It rises at the unincorporated community of Mission Home near the boundary of Shenandoah National Park and flows southeast past Shady Grove and Nortonsville to join the Roach River forming the North Fork of the Rivanna at their confluence.
 The Ugra River (Hungarian: Ugra-pataka) is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Aubach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Pfaffenberg (Wendelsheim) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Haselbach (Schwarza) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Valea Vălcii River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 The Selenga River (Selenge River Mongolian: Сэлэнгэ мөрөн Selenge mörön; Buryat: Сэлэнгэ гол Selenge gol Сэлэнгэ мүрэн Selenge müren; Russian: Селенга́) is a major river in Mongolia and Buryatia Russia. Its source rivers are the Ider River and the Delgermörön river. It flows into Lake Baikal and has a length of 616 miles (992 km) (1024 km according to other sources). The Selenga River is the headwaters of the Yenisei-Angara River system.
 Senserbach (or Selzerbeek Sinselbeek Sinselbaach Selzerbaek) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany and Limburg in the Netherlands. Extends over approximately 13 kilometres from its source at Aachen to its mouth at Gulpen into the Geul.
 The Lobstick River is a small river in originating in west-central Alberta Canada. It flows north from the foothills before entering Chip Lake. It then flows eastward through the community of Lobstick before joining the Pembina River which in turn flows into the Athabasca River.The Lobstick River took its name from the fur-trade era practice of creating Lobsticks or lopsticks.
 The Ghegheș River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Korigad (also called Koraigad Koarigad or Kumwarigad) is a fort located about 20 km away from Lonavla in Pune district Maharashtra India. Its date of construction is not known but likely predates 1500. It is about 929 m above sea level. The closest village is Peth Shahpur.
 The River Douglas is a river on the Isle of Man. The river begins on the outskirts of Douglas where the River Glass and River Dhoo meet.
 Leonhardstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Pârâul Scurt is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Gray Crag is a fell in the Lake District in Cumbria England.
 The Mackenzie Mountains are a mountain range forming part of the Yukon-Northwest Territories boundary between the Liard and Peel rivers. The range is named in honour of Canada's second prime minister Alexander Mackenzie. Nahanni National Park Reserve is in the Mackenzie Mountains.The Mackenzie Mountains hold about 55% of the world's known reserves of tungsten.[citation needed] The mining town of Tungsten site of the Cantung Mine is in the Mackenzie Mountains.
 Seličevica (Serbian Cyrillic: Селичевица) is a mountain in central Serbia near the city of Niš. Its highest peak Velika Tumba has an elevation of 903 meters above sea level.
 The Schuylkill River Trail is a multi-use trail under construction for expansion along the banks of the Schuylkill River in southeastern Pennsylvania. Large stretches of the trail are rail trails.When complete the trail is planned to run from the river's headwaters in Schuylkill County to Fort Mifflin in Philadelphia a distance of about 140 miles (230 km).
 The Lakeview Mountains are a range of low mountains encompassing approximately 30 square miles (80 km2) of land in western Riverside County Southern California at the northern end of the Peninsular Ranges System.
 Trockener Steg is a minor prominence in the area between the Matterhorn and the Breithorn south of Zermatt in the canton of Valais. It lies at a height of 2939 metres above sea level near the front of the Upper Theodul Glacier. A cable car station lies on the summit and gives access to the Klein Matterhorn.
 Ōkārito Lagoon is a coastal lagoon on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. It is located 130 kilometres south of Hokitika and covers an area of about 12 km² making it the largest unmodified wetland in New Zealand.Several small rivers drain into the lagoon and it is the outflow of Lake Mapourika. The lagoon is home of many species of wading birds notably the extremely rare (in New Zealand) kōtuku (Eastern Great Egret).
 Entiat Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington on the northeast slopes of Mount Maude. Disconnected at several spots the Entiat Glacier is in a cirque above the Entiat Valley and is the source of the Entiat River. The southern section of the glacier is the largest.
 Mount Veve is an extinct volcano on the island of Kolombangara in the Solomon Islands. With an elevation of 1768 metres (5801 ft) it is the island's highest point.
 The Săbișa River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 The Kani River (可児川 Kani-gawa) is a river in Japan which originates in the city of Mizunami in Gifu Prefecture and flows into the Kiso River.
 West Okoboji Lake (sometimes known as West Lake Okoboji) is a natural body of water approximately 3847 acres (15.57 km2) in area in Dickinson County in northwest Iowa in the United States. It is part of the chain of lakes known as the Iowa Great Lakes. The area was long inhabited by the Santee or Dakota Sioux. The Dakota-language name for the lake was Minnetonka meaning great waters.The cities of Arnolds Park Okoboji West Okoboji and Wahpeton sit on its shore.
 The Grey River / Māwheranui is located in the northwest of the South Island of New Zealand. It rises in Lake Christabel one of numerous small lakes on the western side of the Southern Alps12 kilometres southwest of the Lewis Pass and runs westward for 120 kilometres before draining into the Tasman Sea at Greymouth. The river was named by explorer Thomas Brunner in honour of New Zealand politician Sir George Grey.
 Lammasjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Oulujoki main catchment area. It is located in the Kainuu region Kuhmo municipality in Finland.
 The Nuntași River is a river in Romania tributary of the Black Sea Lake Nuntaşi.
 The Râul Satului is a tributary of the Bălășița River in Romania.
 The Poncione di Valleggia is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking Bedretto in the Swiss canton of Ticino.
 Fretterbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Jarbidge Peak is the second highest mountain in the Jarbidge Mountains of northern Elko County Nevada. It is located within the Jarbidge Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The boundary of the Jarbidge Wilderness crosses the peak.
 Mount Petegari (ペテガリ岳 Petegari-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Rensselaer Lake is an artificial lake in Albany New York United States named for Major-General Stephen Van Rensselaer last patroon of Rensselaerswyck. The lake was Albany's first municipally-owned source of water. It is part of a 57 acres (23 ha) park and the state's Albany Pine Bush Preserve. The lake and park have been under the purview of the Albany Water Authority since 2003.
 The Tasman Glacier is the largest of several glaciers which flow south and east towards the Mackenzie Basin from the Southern Alps in New Zealand's South Island. It is New Zealand's longest glacier.
 The Vlădeasa River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Vetta di Ron is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 3137 metres above sea level.
 Webb Lake is a lake in the town of Weld in Franklin County Maine. Webb Lake is publicly accessible via a boat launch in Mount Blue State Park and has several fish species including brook trout. The lake's principal fisheries are brown trout smallmouth bass white perch and chain pickerel. Water quality is marginal for coldwater fish due to warm temperatures and low dissolved oxygen Lake Webb is home to Camp Kawanhee for Boys and the The Kawanhee Inn.
 The Cutia River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Romecke (Möhne) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Radeșul Mare River is a tributary of the Cârligu River in Romania.
 The Ratua Khola or Ratuwa Khola (Nepali: रतुवा खोला) is a river in eastern part of Nepal. It originates from Chure Pahad of Nepal and merges with the Kankai River in Bihar India. This river serves as the eastern border of Damak a city in the eastern part of Nepal.
 The Kurshab (Kyrgyz: Куршаб) flows into Andijan Reservoir (drained by the Kara Darya) in Kyrgyzstan. The river is formed at the north slope of the Fergana Range. There are several settlements located near Kurshab river: Gulcha Kyzyl-Korgon Sopu-Korgon.
 The Chilanko River is a river in the Chilcotin region of the Central Interior region of the Canadian province of British Columbia.The name of the river derives from a Chilcotin word meaning many beaver river.
 The Pârâul Custurii is a tributary of the Valea Lungii River in Romania.
 Bedias Creek is a creek in Texas. The creek rises in Madison County and flows 47 miles east into Houston County where it empties into the Trinity River.
 The Sjoa river provides the outlet from lake Gjende at Gjendesheim in the Jotunheimen mountains of Norway's Jotunheim National Park. It flows eastward into the Gudbrandsdalslågen river via the Heidal traditional district in the Gudbrandsdal.South of the village Randsverk it flows through Ridderspranget — a ravine named after a Norwegian myth.
 The Dotnuvėlė is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 60.9 kilometres and has a basin area of 192.7 km².
 The Hermanu River is a tributary of the Tarcău River in Romania.
 The Pattullo Range is a subrange of the Hazelton Mountains located south of Tesla Lake and northeast of Bella Coola in northern British Columbia Canada. Its highest summit is Tsaydaychuz Peak 2758 m (9049 feet).
 Oksedalshøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Ptarmigan Peak is a peak located beside Pika Peak in Banff National Park Alberta Canada.The mountain was named in 1909 by J.W.A. Hickson after he found several ptarmigan in the meadows below the peak. Hickson also made the first ascent guided by Edward Feuz jr.The Lake Louise Mountain Resort is developed on the southern slopes of the Merlin Ridge which includes Mount Richardson Ptarmigan Peak Pika Peak. A backcountry campground is located at the foot of the mountain near Hidden Lake.
 Sauyr Zhotasy (Kazakh: Сауыр жотасы) also known as Muz Tau (Chinese: 木斯岛山; pinyin: Mùsīdǎo Shān) is the highest point in the Saur Range and of the entire Saur-Tarbagatai mountain system part of the Tien Shan on the border between Kazakhstan and China. It lies 100 kilometres (60 mi) southeast of Zaysan Lake.
 The Gehrdener Berg is a forested ridge in the Calenberg Land in Hanover Region in the north German state of Lower Saxony. On its slopes nestles the town of Gehrden that gives the ridge its name. The ridge is about 2.7 kilometres long and is the sister hill range of the Benther Berg in southwest Hanover. Its highest point is the Burgberg at 155 metres above sea level (NN).
 The Ruzizi (also sometimes spelled Rusizi) is a river 117 kilometres (73 mi) long that flows from Lake Kivu to Lake Tanganyika in Central Africa descending from about 1500 metres (4900 ft) to about 770 metres (2530 ft) above sea level over its length. The steepest gradients occur over the first 40 kilometres (25 mi) where hydroelectric dams have been built.
 The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 The First is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Kandersteg in the canton of Bern.It summit can be reached by trail from Adelboden or Kandersteg.
 Mikośka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Wisłok.
 Pavagadh (Gujarati: પાવાગઢ) is a Hill Station and a Municipality in Panchmahal district about 46 kilometres (29 mi) away from Vadodara in Gujarat state in western India. It is known for a famous Mahakali temple which draws thousands of pilgrims everyday. It is a tribal area populated predominantly by the Rathwas. The area of this locality Champaner-Pavagadh Archaeological Park was inscripted by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site in 2004.
 Ystradfellte Reservoir is a water storage reservoir on the Afon Dringarth in the upland area of Fforest Fawr within the Brecon Beacons National Park in south Wales. It lies just north of the village of Ystradfellte in the county of Powys at OS Grid ref SN 946178.The embankment is 920 feet (280 m) long by 114 feet (35 m) high. When full the water surface is 1204 feet (367 m) above sea level.
 The Singatse Range is a mountain range in Lyon County Nevada.They form one side of the Mason Valley.
 Back Brook is a tributary of Pike Run in Somerset County New Jersey in the United States. It is located on the east side of Sourland Mountain.
 Lake Kahala is a lake of Estonia.
 Harker Park Lake is located on the northwest face of Burro Mountain in Rio Blanco County Colorado United States. It is 7.6 km (4.7 mi) south of the very small town of Buford Colorado and 200 km (120 mi) west of the city of Boulder. The lake is in the watershed of the White River and is entirely surrounded by the White River National Forest. The headwaters for the lake extend to the top of Burro Mountain at 3092 m (10143 ft).
 The Yellow River or Huang He is the second-longest river in Asia following the Yangtze River and the sixth-longest in the world at the estimated length of 5464 km (3395 mi). Originating in the Bayan Har Mountains in Qinghai province of western China it flows through nine provinces and it empties into the Bohai Sea near the city of Dongying in Shandong province.
 Atascadero Creek is an 8.8-mile-long (14.2 km) north-flowing stream in Sonoma County California USA which empties into Green Valley Creek.
 The Howson Range is a north-south trending subrange of the Bulkley Ranges of the Hazelton Mountains in northern British Columbia Canada. It is located southwest of Telkwa Pass and southwest of Smithers. The highest summit in the range is Howson Peak 54 km (34 mi) southwest of Telkwa with an elevation of 2759 m (9052 ft).
 Moonan Brook a mostly perennial stream of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Hunter region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Azul River is a river of Argentina.
 Mount Tukosmera is the tallest mountain on Tanna Vanuatu. It is located in the southern part of the island. It was a volcano in the Pleistocene but is no longer active unlike Mount Yasur.The mountain has special religious significance for the adherents of the John Frum movement as a place from which gods come.[citation needed]
 Börstelbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lunkho e Dosare is a mountain in the Hindu Kush mountains. It has an elevation of 6901 metres (22641 ft) and sits on the international boundary between Afghanistan and Pakistan.
 The White Umfolozi River originates just south of Vryheid KwaZulu-Natal South Africa and joins the Black Umfolozi River at 28°20′58″S 31°58′46″E to form the Umfolozi River before it flows east towards the Indian Ocean.
 The Hangsackgrat (2634 m) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located south of Weisstannen in the canton of St. Gallen. It lies on the range east of Piz Sardona that separates the Weisstannental from the Calfeisental.
 The Pelly River is a river in Canada and is a headstream of the Yukon River. The river originates west of the Mackenzie Mountains and flows 530 km (329 mi) long through the south central Yukon. The Pelly has two main tributaries the Ross and Macmillan rivers.The river was named by Robert Campbell in honour of Sir John Henry Pelly governor of the Hudson's Bay Company. The restored Hudson's Bay Company trading post of Fort Selkirk is at the juncture of the Pelly and Yukon Rivers.
 The Corhana River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River. It starts in Romania in the proximity of Cefa west of the Criş Collector Canal. After crossing the border into Hungary the river is diverted into the canals of the drainage system of the area and finally its discharge is diverted into the Crişul Negru River through the Culișer Canal.
 Abo Canyon (elevation 5771 ft.) also known as Abo Pass is a mountain pass at the southern end of the Manzano Mountains of central New Mexico.
 Žumberačka gora in short Žumberak (Croatian pronounced [ʒumbêːrak]) Gorjanci (Slovene pronounced [gorjaŋt͡si]) or Uskokengebirge (historic German name) is a range of mountains or hills between Croatia and Slovenia. The highest peak is Sveta Gera (Trdinov vrh) on the border between Croatia and Slovenia being 1181 m (3875 ft) tall (in some publications 1178 m (3865 ft)). The range consists of three parts.
 Posmak (Russian: Посьмак) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Vels River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 29 km.
 Luvsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Chaucer is a lunar impact crater that is located to the west of the walled plain Hertzsprung on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the northwest of the crater Vavilov and east of the Tsander–Kibal'chich crater pair. This is a circular crater with a slightly eroded outer rim. The interior floor is nearly featureless with only a few tiny craterlets marking the surface. It is named after the writer Geoffrey Chaucer.
 Peel Fell is the highest hill in the Kielder Forest region of England making it the highest hill for several miles in each direction until the Cheviot Hills to the north-east are reached. Because of this it has enough relative height to make it a Marilyn.
 Lake Washington is a lake in the town of Glocester Providence County Rhode Island.
 The Lake Vlimeux straddles in two municipalities Saint-Roch-de-Mékinac and Sainte-Thècle in the Mekinac Regional County Municipality in Mauricie in Quebec in Canada. This lake is marking the former northwestern boundary of the lordship of Batiscan which was once the property of Jesuits.
 Lake Poso (Indonesian: Danau Poso) is a lake in Central Sulawesi Indonesia and the third-deepest lake in Indonesia. The lake contains various fish including the eel Anguilla marmorata which migrates between the lake and the sea and 11 fish species that are endemic to the lake notably Adrianichthys Mugilogobius sarasinorum Nomorhamphus celebensis Oryzias nebulosus O. nigrimas O.
 Kgale Hill (Setswana for The Place that Dried Up) is a hill located in Gaborone Botswana. Nicknamed The Sleeping Giant Kgale Hill reaches a summit elevation of 1287 metres (4222 ft) above sea level. The hill is formerly home to a television repeater and is now a tourist destination.
 The Grădiștea River is a tributary of the Turcu River in Romania
 Mount Nora is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 27 km (17 mi) south of Sayward and 15 km (9 mi) northeast of Sutton Peak.
 The Pârâul lui Bălan is a tributary of the Tărlung River in Romania.
 The Powlett River is a perennial river of the Western Port catchment located in the West Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Balmorhea Lake is a reservoir on Sandia Creek 2 miles (3 km) southeast of downtown Balmorhea Texas. Water from Toyah Creek fed by the nearby San Solomon Springs is also fed into the reservoir as is excess water in the Phantom Lake Canal. The reservoir was built in 1917 by the construction of a dam by the Reeves County Water Improvement District. The reservoir provides water for irrigation and is a popular recreational spot for locals.Balmorhea Lake is also known as Lower Parks Reservoir.
 The Mera River is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania.
 Lefka Ori (Greek: Λευκά Όρη meaning White Mountains) or Madares (Μαδάρες from the Cretan Greek μαδαρός meaning without coverage bald bare of any vegetation for high mountain areas) is a mountain range located in Western Crete in the Chania prefecture. The White Mountains or Lefka Ori occupy a good part of the centre of West Crete and are the main feature of the region. They consist mainly of limestone from light grey to bluish or black color.
 Lake Baringo is after Lake Turkana the most northern of the Kenyan Rift Valley lakes with a surface area of about 130 square kilometres (50 sq mi) and an elevation of about 970 metres (3180 ft). The lake is fed by several rivers Molo Perkerra and Ol Arabel and has no obvious outlet; the waters are assumed to seep through lake sediments into the faulted volcanic bedrock.
 Goffle Brook is a tributary of the Passaic River which flows south through a section of Passaic County and Bergen County in New Jersey and drains the eastern side of the First Watchung Mountain. Heading up the brook from the confluence with the Passaic River one encounters the borough of Hawthorne the village of Ridgewood the borough of Midland Park and the township of Wyckoff.
 The Mokroluški potok (Serbian Cyrillic: Мокролушки поток) is a stream in north-central Serbia which forms a 15 km-long former right tributary to the Sava river. During its entire concourse it runs through the urban section of Belgrade.
 The river Łutownia (Polish pronunciation: [wuˈtɔvɲa]; Belarusian: Лутоўня) in north-eastern Poland is a left-bank tributary of the Narewka river. It was formerly known in Polish as Łętownia [wɛnˈtɔvɲa] Lętownia [lɛnˈtɔvɲa] Łotownia [wɔˈtɔvɲa] Łutownica [wutɔvˈnit͡sa] Latownica [latɔvˈnit͡sa] Lutownia [luˈtɔvɲa] and Szczekotówka [ʂt͡ʂɛkɔˈtufka].
 Verdi Lake is a glacial tarn in the Ruby Mountains in Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. It is located at the head of Talbot Canyon at approximately 40°38.9′N 115°21.2′W and at an elevation of 10220 feet (3115 m). Directly to the south rises Verdi Peaks. It has an area of approximately 6 acres (2.4 hectares) and a depth of up to 86 feet (26 m). Verdi Lake is unusual in two respects.
 Appistoki Peak (8164 feet (2488 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. . Another peak near to it is Mount Henry.
 Monte Porale is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines.
 Lake Starnberg (German: Starnberger See) — called Lake Würm (German Würmsee) until 1962 and also known as Fürstensee — is Germany's fifth largest freshwater lake in terms of area and due to its great average depth the second largest in terms of water volume.
 Oxley River a perennial river of the Tweed River catchment is located in the Northern Rivers region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Santa Maria River (Chihuahua) is a river in the state Chihuahua of Mexico. It drains from the Sierra Madre Occidental but is an endorheic basin i.e. it doesn't flow into a river sea or ocean. It is popular for rafting.
 Short is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southern regions of the Moon on the near side. It lies just to the south of the larger prominent crater Moretus and northeast of Newton.This crater lies across an older crater designated Short B. Only the eroded southeastern section of the rim of Short B still survives. There is a cluster of small craters attached to the outer rim within the attached Short B.Short itself is an eroded formation with a somewhat uneven outer rim.
 The Last Chance Range is a mountain range in Nye County Nevada. It lies immediately to the north of Pahrump Nevada and west of Nevada State Route 160.
 Bennetts Pond is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Vlăsia Mică River is a headwater of the Vlăsia River in Romania.
 Mount Leyli also Leili (Georgian: ლეილი) is a 3157 m (10358 ft) tall mountain between the Georgian provinces of Samtskhe-Javakheti and Kvemo Kartli. Leyli is second highest peak of the Javakheti Range in the Lesser Caucasus Mountains.
 Haleji Lake (Urdu: ہالیجی جھیل‎) is located in Thatta District Sindh Pakistan. It is the Asia's largest bird sanctuary.
 The Râul Stânei Mici is a tributary of the Leuca river in Romania.
 Laibach (Ruthenbach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Kurow River is a river of North Otago New Zealand. A tributary of the Waitaki River it rises in Saint Marys Range and flows into that river downstream of Kurow.
 Taft (Ulster) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Alvord Desert is a desert located in Harney County in southeastern Oregon in the western United States. It is roughly southeast of Steens Mountain. The Alvord Desert is a 12-by-7-mile (19 by 11 km) dry lake bed and averages 7 inches (180 mm) of rain a year. Two mountain ranges separate it from the Pacific Ocean—the Coast Range and the Cascade Mountains. Along with Steens Mountain these topographical features create a rain shadow.
 The East Branch Nezinscot River is a 19.4-mile-long (31.2 km) river in Maine. It flows from its source (44°26′22″N 70°27′16″W) on Black Mountain in Peru to its confluence with the West Branch in Buckfield. The resulting river the Nezinscot continues east to the Androscoggin River which flows to the Kennebec River near its mouth at the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Secu River is a tributary of the Bârgău River in Romania.
 The Alcobaça River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Mont Chauffé (2093 m) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps in Haute-Savoie France.
 Gilbert is a large Martian crater located in the south of the planet in the area of Promethei Terra. It is one of several large craters in the heavily pock-marked upland region. It was named in 1973 in honour of American geologist Grove K. Gilbert.
 Otter Lake is located in Tulameen British Columbia about 20 kilometres (12 mi) north-east of Princeton and 185 kilometres (115 mi) east of Vancouver. It is a popular destination for swimming water-skiing fishing and camping.
 The Baleia River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania.
 Lake Henry a lake that borders on the northeast side of Winter Haven Florida has a surface area of 848-acre (3430000 m2). The southwest corner of the lake is inside the Winter Haven City limits. All of the south side of the lake is bordered by mobile home parks and housing developments. A part of the west side is bordered by a mobile home park as is part of the north side of the lake. The rest of Lake Henry is bordered by wooded areas.
 The Storkenkopf is the second highest summit of the Vosges Mountains. It is located in the French region of Alsace close to the Grand Ballon.
 Ismoil Somoni Peak (Tajik: Қуллаи Исмоили Сомонӣ Qullai Ismoili Somonī; Russian: пик Исмаила Самани pik Ismaila Samani) is the highest mountain in Tajikistan and in the former Russian Empire and later in the Soviet Union named after Ismail Samani the ancestor of the Samanid dynasty.When the existence of a peak in the Soviet Pamir Mountains higher than Lenin Peak was first established in 1928 the mountain was tentatively identified with Garmo Peak; but as the result of the work of further Soviet expeditions it became clear by 1932 that they were not the same and in 1933 the new peak in the Akademiya Nauk Range was named Stalin Peak (Pik Stalina пик Сталина) after Joseph Stalin. 
 Mount Katsuma (勝澗山 Katsuma Yama) is a volcano on Okushiri Island in Okushiri Hokkaidō Japan. The volcano is mostly rhyolitic.
 The Cumătra River is a tributary of the Pecineaga River in Romania.
 Byrgius is a lunar crater located in the western part of the Moon near the limb. As a result Byrgius appears strongly oval in form due to foreshortening. To the northwest is the nearly ruined crater Lamarck. The rim of Byrgius is worn and eroded with Byrgius A overlying the eastern rim and Byrgius D lying across the northwest. The floor is relatively flat and undistinguished by significant craterlets. Byrgius A possesses its own ray system that extends for over 400 kilometres.
 The Porcescu River is a headwater of the Argel River in Romania.
 The Padina cu Apă River is a tributary of the Poarta River in Romania.
 Feather Woman Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. The lake is often ice clogged and is 1 mile (1.6 km) WSW of Sperry Glacier.
 The River Suir (/ʃʊər/; Irish pronunciation: [ʃuːrˠ] Irish An tSiúr or Abhainn na Siúire) is a river in Ireland that flows into the Atlantic Ocean near Waterford after a distance of 185 kilometres (115 mi).Popular with anglers it holds plentiful reserves of brown trout.
 Qullpa Ananta (Aymara and Quechua qullpa saltpeter hispanicized spellings Collpa Ananta Colpa Ananta) also known as Callangate Cayangate Ccallangate (hispanicized spellings) and Chimpulla (Chimboya) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range of the Andes in Peru. It lies in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province Ocongate District. Qullpa Ananta is the second highest mountain in the Cusco Region and ranks 24th highest in Peru.
 Devlins Creek an urban watercourse that is part of the Parramatta River catchment is located in Northern Suburbs region of Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Deadhorse Lake is located near Clarkdale in North Central Arizona.
 Langvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The 26.38-square-kilometre (10.19 sq mi) lake lies just northwest of the town of Mo i Rana. The lake flows out into the river Langvassåga just north of Mo i Rana Airport Røssvoll. The lake used as a reservoir for the Langvatn hydroelectric power plant in Ytteren just down the hill from the lake.
 The West Coyote Hills are a low mountain range in northern Orange County California. Parts of it lie within the city limits of La Habra and Buena Park with most of it sprawling across western Fullerton between Ralph B. Clark Regional Park and Euclid Street north of Rosecrans Avenue. The foothill region to the east and south is known as Sunny Hills.
 Bentreff is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Argeșel River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 East Cemetery Hill is a Gettysburg Battlefield landform used for the battle of East Cemetery Hill during the 1863 Battle of Gettysburg Second Day. Located on the east of Gettysburg's Baltimore Street and the Baltimore Pike which meet on the hill the hill is a northeast spur and the east slope of Cemetery Hill. The hill has numerous postbellum battlefield monuments as well as artillery lunettes remaining from the Battle of Gettysburg.
 Kenow Mountain is located in the Clark Range in the Flathead drainage of British Columbia.
 Kaso River also Ci Kaso is a river in West Java Indonesia.The Cikaso River originates in North Sukabumi and flows south to the Surade District in South Sukabumi.The Cikaso waterfall is in the Ujung tourist area between Jampang Kulon and Surade.The waterfalls have a height of almost 80 metres (260 ft) with three parallel drops along cliffs that are about 100 feet (30 m) wide.The falls are accessible from the Ciniti Cibitung village in the Cibitung Kulon sub-Jampang.
 Lake Sandoval is a lake in Peru close to the city of Puerto Maldonado part of the Madre de Dios in the Amazon Basin. There is a touristic hike from the river Madre de Dios to the lake. On the way if you're lucky you might see parrots macaws and some other species from the rain forest. The lake is also known for having Black Caimans and Giant Otters.
 Finisterre Range is a mountain range in north-eastern Papua New Guinea at 5.8°S 146.1°E﻿ / -5.8; 146.1. The unnamed highest point of the range 5°57′15″S 146°22′30″E which is ranked 45th in the world by prominence is usually quoted at 4175 m but SRTM data suggests that it is nearer to 4120 m.
 The North Fork of the Koyukuk River is one of the principal forks of the Koyukuk River approximately 105 mi (160 km) long in northern Alaska in the United States. It has a watershed area of 1850 square miles (4790 square km). It rises on the south slopes of the Continental Divide in the Brooks Range.It is located the in Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve and is part of the Koyukuk Wild and Scenic River as designated by the United States Congress in 1980.
 Lavon Lake is a fresh water impoundment located in Collin County Texas on the East Fork of the Trinity River near Wylie off of State Highway 78. It is commonly called Lake Lavon for commercial and recreational purposes but Lavon Lake is its official name according to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. It was originally called Lavon Reservoir.
 The Arroux is a river in central France right tributary of the river Loire. Its source is east of Arnay-le-Duc in Côte-d'Or. The Arroux flows generally south through the following départements and towns: Côte-d'Or: Arnay-le-Duc Saône-et-Loire: Autun Toulon-sur-Arroux GueugnonThe Arroux flows into the river Loire near Digoin the main tributary is Ternin (48 km).
 Piz Minor is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located in Graubünden Switzerland. Its 3049 metre high summit overlooks the Livigno Pass on its eastern side.
 The Genevieve Range is a low small mountain range on western Nootka Island which is on the western side of Nootka Sound British Columbia Canada. It consists of hills and has an area of 101 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 The Innbach is a river in Upper Austria with a length of approximately 53 km (33 mi). Its source is near Gaspoltshofen at the foot of the Hausruck hills and empties into the Danube at Wilhering. Its drainage basin covers 196 km² (76 sq mi). After Gaspoltshofen the Innbach passes the towns of Kematen am Innbach Pichl bei Wels and Bad Schallerbach at the mouth of the Trattnach.
 Hatterrall Hill is a rounded peak in the Black Mountains which sits on the Wales-England border partly in Monmouthshire Wales and partly in Herefordshire England. Its summit at 531m is the high point of a peaty plateau which falls away steeply on all sides. Broad ridges run to the north the southeast and southwest.
 The Aiguilles d’Arves (3514 metres (11529 ft)) is a mountain in the Arves massif in the French Alps. The mountain comprising three separate peaks (in French Aiguille) is the highest point of the massif and is located in the department of Savoie.
 The Turvo River (Rio Grande do Sul) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Ierul Morii River is a tributary of the Rât River in Romania.
 The Palmar River is a river of Venezuela. It drains into Lake Maracaibo.
 The Stockhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the region of Lake Thun in the Bernese Oberland. It is located north of the town of Erlenbach im Simmental.The Stockhorn is 2190 m (7190 ft) high and is accessible via cable car from Erlenbach. It has a restaurant at the top and is a good starting point for many hikes.
 Rio Vista Pond is located in Rio Vista Park in south central Peoria Arizona on Rio Vista Boulevard just north of Thunderbird Road.
 Čemernik (Serbian Cyrillic: Чемерник) is a mountain in southeastern Serbia near the town of Surdulica. Its highest peak Vrlo osoje has an elevation of 1638 m (5374 ft) above sea level. It is one of mountains that surround the Vlasina plateau and the Vlasina Lake.
 Lake Poerua is a shallow lake located in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island roughly 13 km southeast from Lake Brunner. A number of small streams flow into the lake and the Poerua River flows from the lake into the Crooked River which leads to Lake Brunner.The lake is just to the north of the settlement of Inchbonnie and Lake Brunner Road (linking State Highways 7 and 73) and the Midland Line railway run along the eastern shore of the lake.
 Breitenstein is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Sangis River (Swedish: Sangisälven or Sangis älv) is a river in Norrbotten in Sweden.
 The Jiulong River or Jiulong Jiang (simplified Chinese: 九龙江; traditional Chinese: 九龍江; pinyin: Jiǔlóng Jiāng; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Kiú-liông-kang) is the largest river in southern Fujian and the second largest in the province.
 The Morăuța River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania. The reach ustream of the junction with the Corhani River is also known locally as Huseni River.
 The Poiana Mare River is a tributary of the Sărăcinești River in Romania.
 The Matabeleland Zambezi Water Project (MZWP) is an ambitious project being undertaken in the arid Matabeleland North province of Zimbabwe.The project seeks to end the perennial water shortages bedevelling Zimbabwe's second city of Bulawayo by bringing water from the mighty Zambezi river to the city.
 Greenwood Lake is a lake of Guysborough District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Chilkoot River is a river in Southeast Alaska United States that extends about 20 miles (32 km) from its source and covers a watershed area of 100 square miles (260 km2). The source of the river is in the Takshanuk Mountains to the west and the Freebee glacier and unnamed mountains to the east. From its source the upper reach of the river extends approximately 16 miles (26 km) to the point where it enters Chilkoot Lake.
 The Rolante River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Chang Heng is a lunar crater that is located on the Moon's far side. It lies less than one crater diameter to the northeast of the walled plain Fleming. The rim of this crater is somewhat eroded with a pair of small craters along the northern rim and tiny craters along the south and east edges. The interior floor contains a small concentric crater that is about one third the diameter of Chang Heng.
 Thumb Lake also known as Lake Louise by the Lake Louise Camp community is a kettle lake located in Hudson Township Charlevoix County Michigan. The epithet Thumb Lake derives from the lake's bathymetry. An islet protrudes from the lake's west basin.
 Lefini River is a river of the Republic of Congo and a tributary of the Congo River.
 Gaicht Pass (el. 1093 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in Tyrol in Austria.It connects the valley of the Lech near Weißenbach an der Lech with the Tannheim valley near Nesselwängle. It is crossed by federal highway B 199 which runs along the Haldensee and over the Oberjoch Pass in Germany.
 Mama Uqllu (hispanicized spelling Mama Occllo Mama Ocllo) also Puntiagudo (Spanish for sharp pointed) is a mountain in the Bolivian Andes about 5281 metres (17326 ft) high. It lies in the northern part of the Kimsa Cruz mountain range between the Calzonani in the north west and the Yaypuri in the south east. It is situated in the La Paz Department Inquisivi Province Quime Municipality north of the village Viloco.
 Deal Lake is a man-made lake in Monmouth County New Jersey.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Grohotişul River in Romania.
 Symmetry Spire (10560 feet (3220 m)) is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The mountain first climbed via the east ridge route on August 20 1929 by Fritiof Fryxell and Phil Smith towers above the northwest shore of Jenny Lake and Cascade Canyon. The scenic Lake of the Crags a cirque lake or tarn is located northwest of the summit and is accessed by way of Hanging Canyon. Popular with mountaineers the spire has numerous challenging cliffs.
 The Huetstock (also known as Wild Geissberg) is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between Nidwalden and Obwalden in Central Switzerland. It is located between the valleys of Melchtal and Engelberg just north of the Rotsandnollen.
 The East Verde River is a tributary of the Verde River in the U.S. state of Arizona. Beginning on the Mogollon Rim near Washington Park it flows generally southwest through Gila County and the Tonto National Forest northeast of Phoenix. Near the middle of its course it passes to within about 5 miles (8 km) of Payson which is southeast of the river.
 Brace Mountain is the peak of a ridge in the southern Taconic Mountains near the tripoint of the U.S. states of New York Connecticut and Massachusetts. Its 2311-foot (704 m) main summit is located in New York; it is the highest point in that state's Dutchess County.The New York and Massachusetts portions of the mountain are within protected areas; Taconic State Park and Mount Washington State Forest respectively. The Connecticut portions are privately owned and conserved.
 The East Machias River is a river in Washington County Maine. From the outlet of Crawford Lake (45°00′43″N 67°35′12″W) in Crawford it runs 35.8 miles (57.6 km) southeast to the estuary of the Machias River at the head of Machias Bay. The river mouth is on the border between the towns of East Machias and Machiasport.
 The Valea Bulzurilor River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Cape Verde is a large promontory and extremity on the rim of Victoria Crater in Meridiani Planum an extraterrestrial plain within the Margaritifer Sinus quadrangle (MC-19) region of the planet Mars. The Mars Exploration Rover Opportunity perched atop this feature in 2006 to take a true-color mosaic of the crater below.
 Loch Trool is a body of water in Galloway south-west Scotland lying in Glen Trool. It is the source of the Water of Trool which flows to the Water of Minnoch and the Cree.It was the location in 1307 of the Battle of Glen Trool. Bruce's Stone stands in monument to the battle.Loch Trool is also reported to be the darkest place in the UK at night.
 The River Gavenny (Welsh: Afon Gafenni) is a short river in Monmouthshire in south Wales. It rises 1 mile south-west of the village of Llanfihangel Crucorney from springs in Blaengavenny Wood and flows south for about 4 miles (6 km) to its confluence with the River Usk at Abergavenny.Abergavenny derives its English-language placename from the confluence 'aber' meaning 'mouth of' in the Welsh language.The diminutive Gavenny is now something of a misfit stream in its broad valley.
 The Vorskla River (Russian: Ворскла; Ukrainian: Ворскла Polish: Worskla German: Hureanus) located in Russia and northeastern Ukraine is a south-flowing tributary of the Dnieper River. An ancient fort thought to be Gelonos is on the Vorskla south of Okhtyrka. In 1399 the Battle of the Vorskla River was fought in the area.
 The Tombigbee River is a tributary of the Mobile River approximately 200 mi (325 km) long in the U.S. states of Mississippi and Alabama. Together with the Alabama it merges to form the short Mobile River before the latter empties into Mobile Bay on the Gulf of Mexico. The Tombigbee watershed encompasses much of the rural coastal plain of western Alabama and northeastern Mississippi flowing generally southward.
 Mynydd Mawr (Welsh for big mountain) is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales situated approximately 7 km (4.3 mi) west of Snowdon itself overlooking Llyn Cwellyn and being the northern outlier of the Moel Hebog group. A popular ascent starts from Rhyd Ddu. On its western flank are the remains of ancient settlements and field systems.
 Preto River (Padauari River) is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Padauari River.
 The Valea Leșului River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 Keri River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Hindod hills. Its basin has a maximum length of 183 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 560 km2.
 Preiner Gscheid Pass (el. 1070 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Lower Austria. The pass connects Kapellen and Reichenau an der Rax.
 The Stricata River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 Zunil is an impact crater near the Cerberus Fossae on Mars with a diameter of 10.4 km (6.5 mi). It is named after a town in Guatemala. The crater is located in the Elysium quadrangle.
 The Lago di Piana degli Albanesi (in Albanian language liqeni i Horës së Arbëreshëvet) is an artificial lake in Piana degli Albanesi in the Province of Palermo Sicily Italy.The lake was made to produce electricity. It was built from 1920 to 1923 by hand. The output water jump 475 m lower until the Casuzze hydro-electrical plant near Palermo. In the sixties to supply the increased demand of electricity a newer plant just near the dam was built.
 Rautavesi (Hartola) is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is located in Hartola and Joutsa municipalities in the regions Central Finland and Päijänne Tavastia. The water quality in the lake is excellent. Water flows down to the lake Jääsjärvi. The lake is quite near to the Finnish national road 4 about ten kilometers southwards from Joutsa.
 Ehrenberg Wash (also known as Cinnabar Wash) is a stream located in La Paz County Arizona in the census-designated place of Ehrenberg. The name was collected by the United States Geological Survey between 1976 and 1980 and entered into the Geographic Names Information System on February 8 1980.
 Mount Aeolus is a mountain summit in Dorset. Bennington County Vermont United States. Mount Aeolus is one of the Taconic Mountains. It lies 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of the community of East Dorset.
 Daming Lake (Chinese: 大明湖; pinyin: Dà Míng Hú; Wade–Giles: Ta4 Ming2 Hu2; literally Lake of the Great Splendour) is the largest lake in the city of Jinan Shandong China and one of city's main natural and cultural landmarks. Located to the north of the historical city center the lake is fed by the artesian karst springs of the area and hence retains a fairly constant water level through the entire year.
 Mount Namuli is the highest peak in the Zambezia Province of Mozambique. With 2419 metre it is the second highest mountain of Mozambique behind the Monte Binga. The Namuli massif consists of a level plateau which rises 700 to 800 metre. The granite dome of the Namuli rises 1600 metre above the plateau. The area above 1200 metre measures 50 x 30 km.
 The Mălei River is a tributary of the Ticuș River in Romania.
 Bec d'Epicoune or Becca Rayette is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border. On its northern side it overlooks the Otemma Glacier. On the Swisstopo map Becca Rayette is the name of a 3432 m sub-peak on the SW spur neighboring the 3320 m Col de la Rayette rather than an alternative name for the main summit. Likewise Becca Picion is a 3389 sub-summit on the ENE ridge towards the 3233 m Col d'Epicoune.
 Ararirá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Luera Mountains are a 15 mi (24 km) long mountain range in southeast Catron County New Mexico USA in the central-southeast of the Plains of San Agustin. The range abuts the northwest end of the north-south extensive Black Range where the Continental Divide of the Americas traverses the Black Range's ridgeline.The Continental Divide traverses the southern foothills of the Luera Mountains from west-to-east then turns south into the Black Range.
 The Meduxnekeag River (/məˈdʌksnəkɛɡ/ mə-DUKS-nə-keg) is a small river in northern Maine in the United States and western New Brunswick Canada. It is 35 miles (56 km) long.It rises from the outflow of Meduxnekeag Lake (locally known as Drews Lake) (46°05′53″N 68°00′10″W) in New Limerick Maine and flows to its end in the Town of Woodstock New Brunswick.The North and South branches rise in east-central Maine; then flow approx.
 The Chéticamp River is a river on Cape Breton Island Nova Scotia located at the western entrance to Cape Breton Highlands National Park. According to estimates by the Province of Nova Scotia there are 2650 people resident within the Chéticamp watershed in 2011.The river flows from Chéticamp Lake in the Cape Breton Highlands into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence at the village of Chéticamp Nova Scotia.
 The Wild Ammonoosuc River is a tributary of the Ammonoosuc River about 15 miles (24 km) long in northwestern New Hampshire in the United States. Via the Ammonoosuc River it is part of the watershed of the Connecticut River which flows to Long Island Sound.The Wild Ammonoosuc flows for its entire length in Grafton County.
 Krtíš is a 36.5 km long river in southern central Slovakia. It flows through Zvolen and Veľký Krtíš districts through the towns of Modrý Kameň and Veľký Krtíš. It enters the Ipeľ river near Slovenské Ďarmoty as a right tributary.
 Khanui River (Mongolian: Хануй гол) is a river flowing down through the valleys of the Khangai Mountains in central Mongolia.
 The Drăgan River is a tributary of the Florei River in Romania.
 The Peștera River is a tributary of the Danube River in Romania.
 Phuparash Peak is a mountain in Hispar Valley in the Gilgit District of Northern Areas of Pakistan. It lies east of Miar Peak (6824 m).
 The River Bure is a river in the county of Norfolk England most of it in The Broads. The Bure rises near Melton Constable 11 miles (18 km) upstream of Aylsham which was the original head of navigation. Nowadays the head of navigation is 10 miles (16 km) downstream at Coltishall Bridge.After Aylsham Lock and Burgh Bridge the Bure passes through Buxton Lammas Coltishall Belaugh Wroxham Horning Ludham Bridge past St.
 Llyn Goddionduon is a remote lake in the Gwydir Forest in north Wales.It lies at a height of 794 ft (242 m) and covers an area of 10 acres (40000 m2).
 The Săuca River is a tributary of the Santău River in Romania.
 The Tahoma Glacier is a long glacier mostly on the western flank of Mount Rainier in Washington. It covers 1.2 square miles (3.1 km2) and contains 4.3 billion ft3 (122 million m3) of ice. The glacier starts out near the summit of the volcano at over 14200 feet (4300 m).
 The Old Bed of Waipawa River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows roughly parallel with and north of the Waipawa River which it meets to the east of Waipawa.
 The Bybrook also known as the By Brook is a tributary of the Bristol Avon some 12 miles (19 km) long. The sources are the Burton Brook and the Broadmead Brook which rise in South Gloucestershire at Tormarton and Cold Ashton respectively. They join just north of Castle Combe in Wiltshire. The river has a mean flow rate of 57.25 cubic feet per second (1.621 m3/s) as recorded at Middlehill near Box.
 The Ritzlihorn (3282 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Handegg in the canton of Bern. It lies on the range east of the Gauli Glacier and north of the Bächlistock.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 A-7 & A-10 Reservoir is located on the Arizona side of the Colorado River south of Blythe California.
 The Leiva River is a river of Chile.
 Lake Küti is a lake of Estonia.
 Dean Lake Annapolis is a lake of Annapolis County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Menkebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Inierie is a stratovolcano located in the south-central part of the island of Flores Indonesia overlooking the Savu Sea. It is the highest volcano on the island.The volcano looms over the little town of Bajawa and is very impressive.The upper slopes are bare without any vegetation.The volcano is not active but there is reports of smoke emerging from the crater in June 1911.
 Piz Badile (3308 m) is a mountain of the Bregaglia range in the Swiss canton of Graubünden and the Italian region of Lombardy the border between the two countries running along the summit ridge. Its northeast face overlooking the Swiss Val Bregaglia near Soglio is considered one of the six great north faces of the Alps.The first ascent of Piz Badile was by W. A. B. Coolidge with guides François Devouassoud and Henri Devouassoud on 27 July 1867 by the south ridge.
 Kuorasjärvi is medium-sized lake in the Lapuanjoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Southern Ostrobothnia in the municipality of Alavus Finland.
 Monte Sant'Angelo (Marche) is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 The Takase River (高瀬川 Takase-gawa) is a canal in Kyoto Japan. It rises from Nijō-Kiyamachi going along Kiyamachi Street and meets the Uji River at Fushimi port. The canal crosses with the Kamo River on the way. Today the south half is not connected with Kamo River.
 Hindon River a tributary of Yamuna river is a river in India that originates in the Saharanpur District from Upper Shivalik in Lower Himalayan Range. The river is entirely rainfed and has a catchment area of 7 083 km2.It flows between Ganges and Yamuna rivers for 400 km through Muzaffarnagar District Meerut District Baghpat District Ghaziabad Noida Greater Noida before it joins Yamuna river just outside Delhi.
 The Valea Crișului River is one of the two branches forming the Valea Neagră River in Romania
 Mount Kipp (8839 feet (2694 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Immediately east of the summit lies the retreating Chaney Glacier. Mount Kipp is situated along the Continental Divide.
 The Sihăstria River is a tributary of the Negrişoara River in Romania.
 The Zymoetz River is a tributary of the Skeena River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.
 Pavilion Mountain is a mountain in the Marble Range in the South Cariboo region of the South-Central Interior of British Columbia Canada located northeast of the ranching and First Nations community of Pavilion and to the north of Marble Canyon and immediately south of Kelly Lake which is the focus of Downing Provincial Park.
 The Camenița River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Ega is a river in the north of Spain. It is a tributary of the Ebro. The Ega flows through Navarre but it originates in Álava near Lagrán and flows through the town of Estella - Lizarra.
 Suribong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 761 metres.
 The Fandango Pass (previously Lassen Pass; variants Lassen Cut-off Lassen Horn) is a gap in the Warner Mountains of Modoc County California USA. Located in the Modoc National Forest its elevation is 6135 feet (1870 m) above sea level. It is approximately 5 mi (8.0 km) southwest of Fort Bidwell.Fandango Pass was historically notable for its location as the convergence of two trails the Applegate and the Lassen that were traveled by emigrant pioneers between 1846 and 1850.
 The Rihand River (also referred to as Rend Rer or Rehar) (Hindi: रिहन्द नदी) is a tributary of the Son River and flows through the Indian states of Chhattisgarh and Uttar Pradesh.
 The Yasuní River is a river of Ecuador.
 The Damian River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 Doubtful Sound is a very large and naturally imposing fiord (despite its name) in Fiordland in the far south west of New Zealand. It is located in the same region as the smaller but more famous and accessible Milford Sound. It took second place after said Fiord as New Zealand's most famous tourism destination.
 The Waianakarua River is a river in North Otago New Zealand flowing into the Pacific Ocean. It is crossed by Highway 1 at Waianakarua south of Herbert by an old historic bridge.
 Rodach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Fox River is a river in northern Manitoba Canada. It flows east-northeast parallel to and between the Nelson River to the north and the Hayes River to the south. It joins the Hayes about 75 miles southeast of its mouth on Hudson Bay. Seventy five or so miles above its juncture with the Hayes it splits with the southern branch being the Bigstone River. At the head of the Bigstone is Utik or Deer Lake from which it is possible to cross to Cross Lake on the Nelson.
 The Albert River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the South Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Malton Range is a mountain range in southeastern British Columbia Canada located southwest of the Canoe Reach of Kinbasket Lake and east of the Albreda River north of Dominion Mountain. It has an area of 451 km2 and is a subrange of the Monashee Mountains which in turn form part of the Columbia Mountains.
 Not to be confused with the Ballon d'AlsaceLe Grand Ballon (German: Großer Belchen; translates as great round-topped mountain literally big balloon ) is the apex of the Vosges Mountains located 25 kilometres northwest of Mulhouse France. It is also the highest point of the Alsace French region.Some still call it Ballon de Guebwiller after the name of the closest city Guebwiller located 8 km to the east.
 The Sărățel River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania. The river starts at the junction of headwaters Furu and Monteoru.
 Cebollati river is a Uruguayan river that rises in Cuchilla Grande (Big Ridge) flows southwest to northeast and forms a border between Treinta y Tres and Rocha.
 The River Chater is a river in the East Midlands of England. It is a tributary of the River Welland and is about 12 miles (19 km) long.It rises near Whatborough Hill in Leicestershire and then flows east past the sites of Sauvey Castle and Launde Abbey before crossing the county boundary with Rutland. It continues east to the north of Ridlington Preston and then to the south of Manton and the north of Wing. At North Luffenham it meets a stream that had risen south of Ridlington.
 Caripi River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 The Tekezé River also known as the Takkaze River is a major river of Ethiopia. For part of its course it forms a section the westernmost border of Ethiopia and Eritrea. The river is also known as the Setit in Eritrea western Ethiopia and eastern Sudan. According to materials published by the Ethiopian Central Statistical Agency the Tekezé River is 608 kilometers (378 mi) long.
 The Wulik River is a stream about 80 miles (130 km) long in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Alaska. Originating in the De Long Mountains in the North Slope Borough it flows southwest to Kivalina Lagoon in the Chukchi Sea east of KivalinaUmiak Bend along the river and 8 miles (13 km) northwest of Kivalina was named after an Inuit skin boat (umiak) was destroyed there by rough water.In 1886 a United States Navy lieutenant reported the Inuit name of this river as Woleek.
 Torfajökull (Icelandic for Torfi's glacier) is a rhyolitic stratovolcano and complex of subglacial volcanoes located north of Mýrdalsjökull and south of Þórisvatn Lake Iceland. Torfajökull last erupted in 1477 and consists of the largest area of silicic extrusive rocks in Iceland.
 The Schwarzhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located west of Vals in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the Val Lumnezia and the Valser Tal south of the Faltschonhorn.
 Tawlliqucha (Quechua tawlli a kind of legume qucha lake lagoon hispanicized spelling Taulicocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huánuco Region Lauricocha Province Cauri District. It lies southeast of the larger lake Lawriqucha near the village Tawlliqucha (Taulicocha).
 The Amorsbach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Jișa River ( Hungarian: Visa-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Mount Cunningham is a mountain at the west end of South Georgia's Esmark Glacier. It is situated between Jossac Bight and Queen Maud Bay. With an elevation of 1218 metres (3996 ft) it is the 16th highest mountain in South Georgia. The mountain was named after Scottish mountaineer John Crabbe Cunningham as a memorial after his death on 31 January 1980 following a climbing accident when struck by waves off Holyhead.
 The Dos Portões River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin and a tributary of the Pelotas River.
 Winkler is a small lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located about one crater diameter to the south-southeast of Dunér. This feature forms a circular cup-shaped depression in the surface. A small relatively fresh crater lies across the eastern rim.
 The Rochdale Canal is a navigable broad canal in Northern England between Manchester and Sowerby Bridge part of the connected system of the canals of Great Britain. Its name refers to the town of Rochdale in Greater Manchester through which it passes.The Rochdale is a broad canal because its locks are wide enough to allow vessels of 14 feet width.
 The Broscăria River is a tributary of the Recea River in Romania.
 Tossa de Viamar is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 766 metres above sea level.
 The Gotschnagrat is a mountain of the Plessur Alps overlooking Klosters in the canton of Graubünden. It is a minor prominence on the ridge descending east of the Casanna.The Gotschnagrat can be reached by cable car from Klosters. In winter it is part of the large ski area between Davos and Klosters.
 Sani Pass is located in the western end of KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa on the road between Underberg and Mokhotlong Lesothoit is a route that connects Kwazulu-Natal and Lesotho. It is a notoriously dangerous road which requires the use of a 4x4 vehicle. This pass lies between the border controls of both countries and is approximately 9 km in length and requires experienced driving skills.
 Big Lake is a 646-acre (2.6 km2) oxbow lake in Holt County Missouri near Big Lake Missouri.It is believed to have formed from the Missouri River sometime before Lewis & Clark visited the area in 1804. It is the largest oxbow lake in the state of Missouri.Big Lake State Park a 407-acre (1.6 km2) state park was established on the lake's northeast side in 1932. The State Park also includes the largest marsh in a state park in Missouri.
 The Gibb River is a river in the Kimberley region of northern Western Australia. The headwaters of the river rise between the Caroline and Gibb Ranges. The river flows in a northerly direction until merging with the Drysdale River of which it is a tributary. Gibb River has three tributaries: North Creek Plain Creek and Russ Creek.The Gibb River was named in 1901 by the surveyor Charles Crossland during an expedition in the Kimberley area.
 The Stelvio Pass (Italian: Passo dello Stelvio; German: Stilfser Joch) is a mountain pass in northern Italy at an elevation of 2757 m (9045 ft) above sea level. It is the highest paved mountain pass in the Eastern Alps and the second highest in the Alps just 13 m (43 ft) below France's Col de l'Iseran (2770 m (9088 ft)).
 The Pârâul Stânei is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Lake Ann is one of eight private lakes in Bella Vista Arkansas.
 Bolong River a watercourse that is part of the Lachlan catchment within the Murray–Darling basin is located in the central–western region of New South Wales Australia.The river rises on the northern slopes of Loadstone Hill west of Taralga and east of Crookwell and flows generally north–west before reaching its confluence with the Abercrombie River within Abercrombie River National Park; dropping 336 metres (1102 ft) over its course of 60 kilometres (37 mi).
 The Daen Lao Range (Thai: ทิวเขาแดนลาว pronounced [tʰīw kʰǎw dɛ̄ːn lāːw]; Burmese: Loi La) is a mountain range of the Shan Hills in eastern Burma and northern Thailand. Most of the range is located in Shan State with its northern limit close to the border with China and runs southwards across the Thai border at the northern end of Thailand.Geologically in the Daen Lao Range as in the other southern subranges of the Shan Hills layers of alluvium are superimposed on hard rock.
 The Voinegel River is a tributary of the Rânjeu River in Romania.
 Sunset Lake is a lake in Holly Springs North Carolina part of the central North Carolina near Cary NC and Apex NC. Covering 125 acres in southwestern Wake County. The lake is owned by the Sunset Lake Homeowners Association.
 Fern Ridge Reservoir (or Fern Ridge Lake) is a reservoir on the Long Tom River in the U.S. state of Oregon. The reservoir is located approximately 12 miles (19 km) west of Eugene on Oregon Route 126. The reservoir is a U.S.
 Jorge Montt Glacier is a tidewater glacier located in the Aisén Region of Chile south of the town of Caleta Tortel. It lies at the north end of the Southern Patagonian Ice Field within Bernardo O'Higgins National Park. The mouth of Pascua River is located in the vicinity of the glacier calving front.The total drainage area of the glacier is about 510 km2 (200 sq mi). The glacier’s ice is thinning most at low elevations where air temperature is the highest.
 The Zoldiana River is a tributary of the Gladna River in Romania.
 The Ergischhorn is a mountain in the Pennine Alps in Switzerland.
 Bastau is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Duffer Peak is the highest mountain in the Pine Forest Range of northwestern Humboldt County Nevada.
 Alster (Itz) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mont du Borgne is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3153 metres above sea level.
 Galen is a small lunar impact crater that lies in the rugged region between the Montes Apenninus range to the west and the Montes Haemus in the east. It is located to the south-southeast of the crater Aratus a slightly larger formation. Further to the west is the crater Conon near the flanks of the Montes Apeninnus.
 Langfjordjøkelen (Northern Sami: Bartnatvuonjiehkki) is a glacier that is located on the border between Finnmark and Troms counties in Norway making it one of the northernmost glaciers on the mainland of Norway. The 8-square-kilometre (3.1 sq mi) glacier is located in the municipalities of Loppa and Kvænangen. The highest point on the glacier reaches 1050 metres (3440 ft) above sea level.
 The Dnieper River /ˈniːpər/ is one of the major rivers of Europe (fourth by length) rising near Smolensk and flowing through Russia Belarus and Ukraine to the Black Sea. It is the longest river of Ukraine and Belarus. The total length ranges between 2145 km (1333 mi) and 2201 km (1368 mi) with a drainage basin of 504000 square kilometres (195000 sq mi).The river is noted for its dams and hydroelectric stations.
 Lake Idylwild which is round has a surface area of 95.48-acre (386400 m2). The lake has one small island almost rectangular in shape that maeasures 50 feet (15 m) by 45 feet (14 m). It is just north of a canal on the northwest side the leads to Lake Jessie. Lake Idylwild is on the northwest side of Winter Haven Florida. Residential areas border this lake on the northeast and western shores. On the south side are various commercial buildings.
 Lake Shelbyville is a reservoir located in Shelby County Illinois and Moultrie County Illinois created by damming the Kaskaskia River at Shelbyville Illinois. The lake's normal surface pool is 11100 acres (44.9 km2) at an elevation of 183 meters (600.4 ft). The area that surrounds the lake is the Shelbyville State Fish and Wildlife Area.
 Lake Gilead is in the lower Hudson River basin. It is located in Carmel Hamlet New York in Putnam County. It has a surface area of 116 acres (0.47 km2) and a mean depth of 43 feet (13 m). It is about 120 feet (37 m) deep at its greatest depth.Lake Gilead is part of the New York City water system as a controlled lake. Ice fishing is allowed on Lake Gilead during the winter.
 Mount Mulu (Malay: Gunung Mulu) is a sandstone and shale mountain. At 2376 m it is the second highest mountain in the state of Sarawak after Mount Murud. It is located within the boundaries of Gunung Mulu National Park which is named after it.The Mulu Park provides for guided hikes up the mountain. The usual schedule is a 4D/3N hike. There are forest huts along the route at Camp 1 Camp 3 and Camp 4 (there is no Camp 2).
 The Thur is a river in the Haut-Rhin department Alsace France left tributary of the river Ill. It rises in the Vosges Mountains and flows through the towns Thann and Cernay. It flows into the Ill (a tributary of the Rhine) near Ensisheim north of Mulhouse.
 This article is about the cave in Herefordshire. Not to be confused with Merlin's Cave near Boscastle CornwallKing Arthur's Cave is a limestone cave at the foot of a low cliff at the north-western end of Lord's Wood in The Doward near Symonds Yat Herefordshire about four miles northeast of Monmouth in the Wye Valley. The cave entrance lies about 285 feet above the River Wye on a hill with a double interconnected entrance and two main chambers.
 Toolbrunup is among the highest peaks in the Stirling Ranges of Australia. The walk to the summit of Toolbrunup is often regarded as the best in the Stirling Ranges. The views from the summit are excellent the many dramatic rocky outcrops provide spectacular scenery.Toolbrunup is made from sediments deposited during the Ediacaran Period and later metamorphosed to quartzites and shales.
 The Bughea River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 The Hunting Shack River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Stânjaru River is a tributary of the Oarţa River in Romania.
 Lake Innes is a lake in the South Island of New Zealand.The lake is part of the Aan River.
 Smalls Creek a northern tributary of the Parramatta River is a creek west of Sydney Harbour located in Sydney New South Wales Australia. It joins Parramatta River at Meadowbank Park Meadowbank.
 Innuit Mountain is a mountain located 30 km (19 mi) northwest of Mount Caubvick in the Torngat Mountains of northern Labrador Canada. It lies at the head of Nachvak Fiord and has a twin summit called Packard Mountain.
 Laguna Rodeo is a lake in the Cochabamba Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 3485 m its surface area is 0.2 km². It is 19 km by road to the Lake Corani major tourist center and fishing.
 The Yoshino River (吉野川 Yoshino-gawa) is a river on the island of Shikoku Japan. It is 194 km (121 mi) long and has a watershed of 3750 km2 (1450 sq mi).
 Styx River a perennial stream of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 The Cheslatta River is a tributary of the Nechako River one of the main tributaries of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia. It flows through the Nechako Plateau. Before the construction of Kenney Dam in the early 1950s the Cheslatta was a minor tributary of the Nechako.
 The Ibăneasa River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Larnaca Salt Lake (Greek: Αλυκή Λάρνακας Turkish: Larnaka Tuz Gölü) is a complex network of four salt lakes (3 of them interconnected) of different sizes to the west of the town of Larnaca. The largest is lake Aliki followed by lake Orphani lake Soros and lake Spiro. They form the second largest salt lake in Cyprus after the Limassol Salt Lake.
 Piz Cazarauls (el. 3063 metres) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps in Switzerland. The summit is the tripoint between the cantons of Uri Glarus and Graubünden. Piz Cazarauls lies between the valleys of Maderanertal Linth and Val Russein.
 The Afon Hepste is a river in Powys Wales and wholly within the Brecon Beacons National Park.Its headwaters the Afon y Waun Nant y Cwrier and Nant Hepste Fechan rise on the Old Red Sandstone dip-slopes of Fforest Fawr and combine to form the Afon Hepste near the farmstead of Hepste Fechan. It enters onto the Carboniferous Limestone outcrop near this point and sections of its course downstream remain dry in all but flood conditions as the flow disappears underground.
 Helmert is a lunar crater at the southern edge of the Mare Smythii. It lies near the eastern limb of the Moon and from the Earth it is seen nearly from the side. The visibility of this feature can be strongly affected by libration of the Moon in its orbit.This crater forms part of a merged pair with the similar crater Kao on its northern side.
 Agency Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Oregon located in Yamhill County. Agency Creek is a tributary to the South Yamhill River.
 Cayuta Lake is a small lake located in Schuyler County New York USA. The lake is within the Town of Catharine and is linked to the Susquehanna River by Cayuta Creek which flows out the south end of the lake. A major feeder stream for Cayuta Lake is Cayuta Lake Inlet which enters the lake through a marsh area on the north end. Much of this northern shore of the lake is within the Allen Preserve. The area of the lake is about 588 acre (238 ha) and it is about 2 mi (3 km) long.
 Barnitz is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Knockewart Loch or Loch Jargon was situated in a hollow lying area beneath Knockewart Hill in the Parish of Ardrossan North Ayrshire Scotland. The old loch has become largely drained and overgrown since the late 19th century.
 Gulp River is a small river in eastern Belgium and southeastern Netherlands. It's about 22 kilometres long and fast streaming. It is a strongly meandering side stream of the Geul river.From its source in Henri-Chapelle a village of the Welkenraedt Liège it runs in a northwestern direction across the Dutch border after which it flows into the Geul. This happens near a motte-and-bailey castle called Burggraaf at Gulpen. This is the place and municipality to which it evidently gets its name.
 Cedar Pond is a small oval-shaped pond in the town of Lakeville Massachusetts. It's located just off of Somserset Lane from Long Point Road which is easily accessible from Route 105. The pond is primarily used for irrigating nearby bogs and farmland.
 Mount Nagamine (長峰山 Nagamine-san) is a 687.8 m (2257 ft) mountain in Nada Kobe Hyogo Japan. This mountain is one of the major mountains of Rokko Mountains. Mount Nagamine literally means long ridge mountain.
 The Goascorán River or Río Goascorán is a river in Honduras and El Salvador that divides the two countries.
 Courtright Reservoir is a reservoir in Fresno County California. The reservoir is at an elevation of 8170 feet (2490 m) in the Sierra National Forest in the Sierra Nevada Mountain Range. The reservoir is formed by Courtright Dam on Helms Creek and has a capacity of 123300 acre feet (152100000 m3). The dam is composed of rock-fill and is 315 feet (96 m) tall measured from the crest to the original streambed. It was completed in 1958 and is owned by Pacific Gas and Electric.
 Semeykin Crater is a crater in the Ismenius Lacus quadrangle on Mars. It is located at 41.8° north latitude and 351.4° west longitude. Semeykin Crater is 76.0 km in diameter and was named after Boris Semeykin a Soviet astronomer (1900-1937).
 The Jurupa Mountains are a mountain range in northwestern Riverside County California United States. The northern flanks of the range descend into neighboring San Bernardino County. The mountains draw their name from the Rancho Jurupa an 1838 Mexican land grant and one of the earliest permanent settlements in the area.
 Quartzville Creek is a 28-mile (45 km) tributary of the Middle Santiam River in Linn County in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is paralleled by the Quartzville Back Country Byway and used for recreation including camping fishing hunting kayaking and gold panning. The lower 12 miles (19 km) of the creek from the Willamette National Forest boundary to Green Peter Reservoir was designated Wild and Scenic in 1988.
 The Irensaga Montes is a range of mountains on Titan the largest moon of the planet Saturn. The range is located near Titan's equator between 5-6° south and 210-214° east. It is located within the Adiri region just west of the landing site of the Huygens probe.The Irensaga Montes is named after Irensaga one of the White Mountains in J. R. R. Tolkien's fictional world of Middle-earth. The name follows a convention that Titanean mountains are after mountains in Tolkien's work.
 Bukit Batu Buli is a mountain located in the Malaysian part of Borneo. At 2082 metres it is one of the highest mountains in the state of Sarawak.
 National grid reference NR97429874The Crarae Reservoir is located 2.5 kilometres north west of the village of Crarae on the west side of Loch Fyne. The concrete dam is 13.7 metres high.
 Winston Glacier (53°9′S 73°38′E) is a glacier flowing to Winston Lagoon on the southeast side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. Its terminus is at Winston Lagoon between Cape Lockyer and Oatt Rocks. To the northeast of Winston Glacier is Stephenson Glacier whose terminus is located between Dovers Moraine and Stephenson Lagoon. To the southwest of Winston Glacier is Fiftyone Glacier whose terminus is located between Lavett Bluff and Lambeth Bluff.
 Aitrach (Iller) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Lake Victoria a naturally occurring shallow freshwater lake of the Murray catchment and part of the Murray-Darling basin is located in the western Riverina region of south western New South Wales Australia.The lake is located approximately 60 kilometres (37 mi) downstream of the junction of the Murray and Darling rivers and draws its flow from Frenchmans Creek an anabranch of the Murray above Lock 9.
 Quchak'uchu (Quechua qucha lake k'uchu corner inside corner or outward angle lake corner hispanicized spelling Jochajucho) is a lake in Peru located in the Puno Region Sandia Province Patambuco District. Quchak'uchu lies west of Patambuco northwest of the village Puna Ayllu and about 3 km northeast of the mountain Phaqchapata (Pacchapata).
 The Pârâul Verde is a tributary of the Ghimbav River in Romania.
 Namsen (Southern Sami: Nååmesje) is the biggest river in Nord-Trøndelag county in the central part of Norway. The 228-kilometre (142 mi) long river flows through the municipalities of Røyrvik Namsskogan Grong Overhalla and Namsos. It traditionally has been used for floating timber down from the forests to the town of Namsos where the sawmills were located. Today parts of the Namsen are regulated by several dams.
 The Amawalk Reservoir is a small reservoir in central-northern Westchester County New York. It is located at the intersection of U.S. Route 202 and New York State Route 35 in the town of Somers and is over 32 miles (over 51 kilometres) north of New York City. It was formed by impounding the middle of the Muscoot River one of the tributaries of the Croton River.
 Bürgerbuschbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Novo River (Xeriuini River) is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Dongqian Lake (Chinese: 东钱湖) is a lake lying in the southeast of Yinzhou District Ningbo in the Zhejiang province of eastern China. It is the largest natural freshwater lake in Zhejiang province with a water surface area of 20 square kilometers. Since ancient times the Lake has been a famous scenic spot in Eastern Zhejiang.
 The Kloppstert is a hill roughly 553 metres high in the southwestern Harz in Lower Saxony Germany. In the topographical map printed in 1978 it can only be made out with difficulty that the third letter is an o and the penultimate one an r. Unfortunately a contour line runs over the letter r so that it looks like a p. In the digitalised 1:25000 topographic map the hill is wrongly named as the Klappstept.
 Vezhen (Bulgarian: Вежен) is a peak in the western Balkan Mountains located in western Bulgaria. At 2198 metres (7211 ft) Vezhen is the 77th highest mountain in Bulgaria. It is situated in the Teteven mountain. Its slopes mark the border of the Tsarichina Reserve. Around the peak's area is located the largest forests of Pinus peuce in the Balkan Mountains.
 The Sicintine Range is a small subrange of the Skeena Mountains of the Interior Mountains located south of the Skeena River and between the Sicintine River and Squingula River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Boott Spur is a minor peak located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is named after Dr. Francis Boott (1792–1863) and is part of the Presidential Range of the White Mountains.
 Urszulewka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Skrwa Prawa.
 Trout Creek Hill is a small Pleistocene basaltic shield volcano in Washington United States. It produced a lava flow about 340000 years ago that traveled 20 km (12 mi) southeast which dammed the Columbia River for a short period of time.
 The Agi River (阿木川 Agi-gawa) is a river in Japan which flows through Gifu Prefecture. It is part of the Kiso River system.
 The Vöckla is a River in Upper Austria. It originates northeast of the Mondsee and joins the Ager River after 51 km at Vöcklabruck. The river basin is about 450 km² the medium flux 8.7 m³/sec. Made of several springs the River flows in northern direction first. At Frankenmarkt the direction changes to East where it passes through Vöcklamarkt Timelkam and finally Vöcklabruck.
 The Beșineu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Kleiner Arbersee is a lake in Bayerischer Wald Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 918 m its surface area is 9.4 ha.
 Sweetwater Creek (Clear Fork Brazos River) is a river in Texas.
 Torre del Gran San Pietro or Gran Peirro is a mountain in the Gran Paradiso massif a sub-group of the Graian Alps with an elevation of 3692 m. It is located between Piedmont and Aosta Valley near the Val di Cogne.
 The Drusenfluh is a mountain in the Rätikon mountain range (Alps) located on the border between Austria and Switzerland.According to the Swisstopo map the mountain both includes the 2827 m Drusenfluh on the border and the three peaks named the de:Drei Türme or Dri Türm (Three Towers) the highest of which (2830 m) is north of the main ridge on the Austrian site. The Drusenfluh and Drei Türme are separated by the 2628 m Eisjöchle.
 The Prince of Wales Range is a small mountain range on the east central coast of Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located about 40 km (25 mi) north of Campbell River. It has an area of 188 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Bagakain Lake also called Baga Lake or Boga Lake is a lake located in Ruma Upazila in the hill district Bandarban Bangladesh. It is a natural sweet and deep water lake. Its height from sea level is nearly 2000 feet (610 m). Geologists believe that it was created by collection of rain water in the crater of a dead volcano almost 2000 years ago.
 Piz Nair (3057 metres (10030 ft)) is a mountain of the Albula Alps in Switzerland overlooking St. Moritz in the canton of Graubünden. The peak is easily accessible from the village with a funicular and a cable car the upper station unloads 30 metres (100 ft) below the summit. Below the summit to the east is the Corviglia ski area. The mountain hosted the alpine skiing events for the 1948 Winter Olympics in neighboring St. Moritz. It also hosted the World Championships in 1974 and 2003.
 90 Degrees East also known as 90°E Lake is a lake in Antarctica. With a surface area of about 2000 square kilometres (770 sq mi) it is the second-largest known subglacial lake in Antarctica after Lake Vostok. 90 Degrees East was discovered in January 2006 along with Sovetskaya. It is named after the 90th meridian east on which it lies.
 The Valea Marei River is a tributary of the Stejar River in Romania.
 The Cosapilla River is a river of Chile and Bolivia and is part of the boundary. It is also called Caquena and in Bolivia Cosapa (see map). From its source in the Parinacota Province the river flows north is part of the Chile-Bolivia boundary and then flows in the Bolivian Province of Oruro.The Caquena river has its source at the Payachata volcanic group flows to north it is part of the Chile-Bolivia boundary and meets the Cosapilla and takes this name. After approx.
 Kjølfjellet is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Lake Cootharaba is a lake on the Noosa River. It is the gateway to the Everglades a popular tourist attraction for Noosa being 20 km away from Noosa. The lake's major access is the town of Boreen Point as well as the smaller camping-spot of Elanda Point.
 Bimberamala River a perennial river of the Clyde River catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands and the upper ranges of the South Coast regions of New South Wales Australia.
 Apache Lake is one of four artificial reservoirs created along the Salt River in central Arizona as part of the Salt River Project. The lake is located near the Apache Trail about 65 miles (104 km) northeast of Phoenix. Apache Lake was formed by Horse Mesa Dam which was completed in 1927.
 Scharsee is a lake in Kreis Plön Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of 20.8 m its surface area is 0.363 km².
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Cătăuți River in Romania.
 Zipfelbach (Neckar) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Dill is a 55 km (34 mi) long river flowing through central Hesse in Germany. It is a tributary to the Lahn joining it on the right bank at the town of Wetzlar.
 Badgerys Creek a watercourse that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in Greater Western Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Lóngmén Shān Mount Longmen or Longmen Mountain is a mountain in Shanxi province China. In March–April 2010 the Wangjialing coal mine flood occurred here.
 The Râul Negrenilor is a tributary of the Rudăreasa River in Romania
 Sierra Madre (known in Mexico as Sierra Madre de Chiapas) is a mountain range which runs northwest-southeast from the state of Chiapas in Mexico across Guatemala and into El Salvador and Honduras. Most of the volcanoes of Guatemala are a part of this range.A narrow coastal plain lies south the range between the Sierra Madre and the Pacific Ocean.
 St Patrick's Stream or Patrick Stream is a backwater of the River Thames in England which flows into the River Loddon near Wargrave Berkshire. It leaves the Thames on the reach above Shiplake Lock near Buck Ait downstream of Sonning.It is believed that the stream was originally a branch of the River Loddon that flowed into the Thames. However when Shiplake Lock was built the water level was raised to such an extent that it became an outfall.
 Michelbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Mount Fraser is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It is Alberta's 38th highest peak and Alberta's 22nd most prominent mountain. It is also British Columbia's 50th highest peak. It was named in 1917 after Simon Fraser.
 Cadair Bronwen is a mountain in North Wales and forms part of the Berwyn range. To the south are the higher Berwyn summits including Cadair Berwyn. To the north lies Moel yr Henfaes and Moel Fferna which top the north end of the Berwyn range. Cadair Bronwen used to be accompanied by a Nuttall top Cadair Bronwen North-East Top 700 m (2297 ft). This top was deleted in 2007 after re-surveying. Its summit is the highest point in the unitary authority of Wrexham.
 Ježevac (Serbian Cyrillic: Јежевац) is a mountain in eastern Serbia near the town of Petrovac na Mlavi. Its highest peak has an elevation of 675 meters above sea level. Ježevac sharply rises over the southern edge of Mlava river gorge entering the Homolje region. On the mountain there is Gornjak Monastery carved into limestone rocks.
 The Lac de Vouglans is the reservoir of the hydro-electric power station at Vouglans on the River Ain in the département of Jura in the region of Franche-Comté in eastern France. The dam the Barrage de Vouglans is at coordinates 46°23′51″N 5°39′56″E.
 Lake Corangamite is Victoria’s largest natural lake located near Colac in south-west Victoria Australia in the Lakes and Craters region of the Victorian Volcanic Plains. The lake is hypersaline and salinity levels have increased dramatically as the lake level has dropped in recent decades. It is Australia's largest permanent saline lake covering approximately 230 km2 with a circumference of about 150 km. It forms part of the Ramsar-listed Western District Lakes wetland site.
 Tule Lake is an intermittent lake covering an area of 13000 acres (53 km2) 8.0 km (5.0 mi) long and 4.8 km (3.0 mi) across in northeastern Siskiyou County and northwestern Modoc County in California along the border with Oregon.
 The Elm is a range of hills north of the Harz mountains in the Helmstedt and Wolfenbüttel districts of Lower Saxony Germany. It has a length of about 25 km (15.5 mi) and a width of 3–8 km (2–5 mi) and rises to an elevation of 323 meters. Surrounded by the Northern European Lowlands the Elm is almost uninhabited and the largest beech forest in Northern Germany. The hills are of a triassic limestone called Elmkalkstein.
 Telescope Peak is the highest point within Death Valley National Park in the U.S. state of California. It is also the highest point of the Panamint Range and lies in Inyo County. From atop this desert mountain one can see for over one hundred miles in many directions including west to Mount Whitney and east to Charleston Peak. The mountain was named for the great distance visible from the summit.
 The Bârgău River is a tributary of the Boura River in Romania.
 The Cacequi River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Glegghorn is a mountain of the Rätikon (Swiss Alps) overlooking Maienfeld in the canton of Graubünden. It lies just south of the Falknis where runs the border with Liechtenstein.
 Saipal is a mountain in the Himalayas of north-west Nepal.Api Nampa and Saipal are a trio of high mountains located in northwestern Nepal. Together they form a small range of sharp icy peaks rising from a long steep snowy crest.
 Mount Maude is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1918 after Maude Major General Sir Frederick Stanley. Major General Maude was a British commander who captured Baghdad during World War 1. This mountain was first ascended in 1922 by G.R. Adams.
 Tunshu is a mountain in the Paryaqaqa or Waruchiri mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5730 metres (18799 ft) high. It is situated in the Junín Region Jauja Province Canchayllo District and in the Yauli Province Suitucancha District. Tunshu lies north of the Paryaqaqa and northwest of the lake Qarwaqucha and the mountain Tukumach'ay. The lake southeast of the Tunshu is also named Tunshu.
 The Pribești River is a tributary of the Dobrovăț River in Romania.
 The Königsheide in the Fichtelgebirge Mountains is a high forested ridge made of gneiss-phyllite rock to the southwest of the Ochsenkopf mountain. It is bordered to the east and south by the river of the Warme Steinach and to the west by the Franconian Line.
 The Mangapehi River is a river of the south Waikato Region of New Zealand. It flows northwest from its sources near Benneydale reaching the Mokau River 10 kilometres southwest of Te Kuiti.
 The Wakarusa River is a tributary of the Kansas River approximately 80.5 miles (129.6 km) long in eastern Kansas in the United States. It drains an agricultural area of rolling limestone hills south of Topeka and Lawrence.
 Mount Tengu (天狗岳 Tengu-dake) is a 2646m mountain on the border of Chino and Koumi of Nagano in Japan. This mountain is the highest mountains of Northern Yatsugatake Volcanic Group.
 Tromen is a stratovolcano in western Argentina. It rises above the older caldera of the Volcán Negro del Tromen.
 The Parnaìbinha River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Billabong Creek a party perennial stream of the Murray River catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Riverina region of New South Wales Australia.At 320 kilometres (200 mi) (with some estimates ranging up to 596 kilometres (370 mi)) Billabong Creek is held to be is the longest creek in the world.
 Kalina Lake or Busch Lake is a lake in the Sur Lípez Province Potosí Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 4525 m its surface area is 20.6 km².
 The Skykomish River is a Washington river which drains the west side of the Cascade Mountains in the southeast section of Snohomish County and the northeast corner of King County. The river starts with the confluence of the North Fork Skykomish River and South Fork Skykomish River approximately one mile west of Index then flowing northwesterly towards Puget Sound. It is joined by the Sultan River and the Wallace River at Sultan.
 The Moselle Hills (German: Moselberge) form a ridge up to 434.1 m above sea level on the left bank of the River Moselle between Reil and Schweich in the Rhineland-Palatinate counties of Bernkastel-Wittlich and Trier-Saarburg. There are vineyards on the southern slopes of the wooded hills. They lie on the southern edge of the Eifel region.
 Cold Lakes are a pair of glacial tarns in the Ruby Mountains in Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. They are located at the head of Cold Creek Canyon at approximately 40°42.9′N 115°18.1′W and at an elevation of 9880 feet (3010 m).
 The San Gabriel Mountains are a mountain range located in northern Los Angeles County and western San Bernardino County California United States. The mountain range lies between the Los Angeles Basin and the Mojave Desert with Interstate 5 to the west and Interstate 15 to the east. This Transverse Range lies in and is surrounded by the Angeles National Forest with the San Andreas Fault as the northern border of the range.
 Mount Tammany is the southernmost peak of the Kittatinny Mountains in Knowlton Township Warren County New Jersey United States. It is 1526 feet (465 m) tall and forms the east side of the Delaware Water Gap. Across the Gap is Mount Minsi on the Pennsylvania side of the river. The mountain is named after the Lenni Lenape chief Tamanend. It lies along the Appalachian Trail in Worthington State Forest. The summit can be hiked by the Mount Tammany Trail ascending the western slopes.
 Sponghøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Uzungöl (English: Long Lake) is a lake situated to the south of the city of Trabzon in the Çaykara district of Trabzon Province Turkey. Uzungöl is also the name of the village on the lake's coast. Over the years the picturesque lake its village and the surrounding valley have become popular tourist attractions. The lake is at a distance of 99 km from Trabzon's city center and 19 km from Çaykara's district center.
 Limestone Creek is 45.5 miles (73.2 km) long with a drainage area of 119 square miles (310 km2) and is a tributary to the Tennessee River. The river rises in Lincoln County Tennessee and flows south into Madison County Alabama before flowing through Limestone County Alabama where most of the river's watershed is located.
 Bailey Creek is an 8.6-mile-long (13.8 km) stream in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is a tributary of the James River rising in Fort Lee east of Petersburg and flowing northeast past the city of Hopewell to reach the James River 2 miles (3 km) southeast of the mouth of the Appomattox River.
 The Stăuini River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Laguna Suches or Lago Suches is a lake in the La Paz Department of Bolivia and Puno Region Peru. Located at an elevation of 4605 m its surface area is 14.2 km².
 The Mitchell Range is a subrange of the Hogem Ranges of the Omineca Mountains bounded by Takla Lake and the Nation River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 Petaluma Reservoir is a small man-made lake located about 5 miles (8 km) northeast of Petaluma in Sonoma County California United States. Also known as Lawler Reservoir its waters are impounded by Lawler Dam a rock fill dam 40 feet (12 m) high and 1150 feet (350 m) long that was built in 1910. The City of Petaluma owns the reservoir.In 1992 the State of California declared the reservoir unsafe in the event of an earthquake.
 Pizzo Rotondo (Orobie) is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Grümpen is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Little River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Sarchii River is a tributary of the Pârâul de Câmpie in Romania.
 The Walthamstow Reservoirs are located in the London Borough of Waltham Forest at Walthamstow. They form part of the Lee Valley Reservoir Chain which supplies drinking water to London and are owned and managed by Thames Water. The complex comprises ten reservoirs which are a Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI):Lockwood ReservoirHigh Maynard ReservoirLow Maynard ReservoirEast Warwick ReservoirWest Warwick ReservoirReservoirs numbered 1 to 5↑ ↑ ↑
 Meall Ghaordaidh is a mountain in the Southern Highlands of Scotland approximately 10 km north-west of Killin. The mountain can be ascended via Glen Lochay starting to the north-west of the Allt Dhùin Croisg near Duncroisk via an eroded path leading north-west through peat bogs to the summit; alternatively an ascent can be made from Glen Lyon starting at Stronuich via one of two spurs that lead to the summit (Creag an Tulabhain or Creag Laoghain).
 The North Moccasin Mountains el. 5384 feet (1641 m) is a small mountain range northwest of Hilger Montana in Fergus County Montana.
 The Save is a 143 km long river in southern France left tributary of the Garonne. Its source is in the northern foothills of the Pyrenees south of Lannemezan. It flows north-east through the following départements and cities: Hautes-Pyrénées. Haute-Garonne: Grenade L'Isle-en-Dodon. Gers: L'Isle-Jourdain.It flows into the Garonne in Grenade north of Toulouse.Among its tributaries is the Gesse.
 The Hirschberg is a 1670 metres (5479 ft) high mountain in the Bavarian Fore-alps south of Lake Tegernsee.The summit may be reached via a gentle mountain path either from Scharling Kreuth or Bad Wiessee all three routes being classified as not difficult. Below the summit at a height of 1520 m is the Hirschberghaus restaurant which is open all-year. The Hirschberg is the Tegernsee's observation point with an extensive panorama in all directions of the compass.
 The Blue Range (50°48′11″N 115°32′06″W) is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located on the Continental Divide in Banff National Park Canada. The range is named for the blue appearance of the range when seen from a distance.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:It also the name of a small range of mountains in Apache County Arizona
 The Uilocul Mare River is a headwater of the Uiloc River in Romania.
 The Sarasa River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Lac de la Lauch is a lake in Haut-Rhin France. At an elevation of 923 m (3028 ft) its surface area is 0.11 km2 (0.042 sq mi).
 Cudgegong River a perennial stream that is part of the Macquarie catchment within the Murray-Darling basin is located in the central western and Orana districts of New South Wales Australia.
 Catherine Mountain (locally called Catherine's Hill) is a 962-foot (293 m) high mountain in Township 10 SD Hancock County Maine. Located on the Black's Woods Road (Route 182) between Franklin and Cherryfield it is named after a legendary woman named Catherine whose ghost is said to haunt the hill.
 The River Rouge also known as the Rouge River is a 127 mile river in the Metro Detroit area of southeastern Michigan.
 Garreg Lwyd also known as Moel Gornach is a peak in the Black Mountain of the Brecon Beacons South Wales. It is a subsidiary summit of Fan Brycheiniog.It is the westernmost area over 2000 feet above sea level in South Wales. Although no marked path crosses the mountain it may be climbed from the car parks on the A4069 between Brynamman and Llangadog. A cairn with a trig point marks the summit.
 C. Mayer is a lunar impact crater that is located at the northern edge of the Mare Frigoris due north of the prominent crater Aristoteles. Also to the south but only a third as distant is the smaller crater Sheepshanks. Due east of C. Mayer is the flooded crater Kane.C. Mayer is a relatively young formation with a sharp-edged and well-defined outer rim. The rim is not quite circular and appears somewhat polygonal-shaped with outward bulges along the edge most notably to the west.
 Alte Schlaube is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 Ganesa Macula is a dark feature on Saturn's moon Titan. It is named after the Hindu god Ganesha.Ganesa was formerly tentatively identified as a cryovolcanic dome: the result of a mixture of water and ammonia erupting from the center of the dome and spreading out to form a pancake-like deposit. However topographical data have since shown that it is not in fact dome-shaped and as a result there is no longer any evidence that it is of volcanic origin.
 Augstberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Shawnigan Lake is a lake on southern Vancouver Island located to the west of Saanich Inlet and to the south of the Cowichan Valley region. It is the location and namesake of the village municipality of Shawnigan Lake British Columbia. Its aboriginal name in the Hunquminum language is Shaanii'us.
 The Namekagon River (pronounced NAM-uh-KAH-gun) is a tributary of the St. Croix River. It is 101 miles (163 km) long and is located in northwestern Wisconsin in the United States. Its course is protected as part of the St. Croix National Scenic Riverway.According to the Geographic Names Information System the river's name has also been spelled Namakagon and Namekagan. Its name is derived from the Ojibwe language Namekaagong-ziibi meaning River at the place abundant with Sturgeons.
 Beacon Street is a major thoroughfare in Boston Massachusetts and several of its western suburbs. Beacon Street in Boston Brookline Brighton and Newton is not to be confused with the Beacon Street in nearby Somerville or others elsewhere.
 The Kivalina River is a 60-mile-long (97 km) river in the northwestern part of the U.S. state of Alaska flowing into Kivalina Lagoon in the Northwest Arctic Borough. It begins in the De Long Mountains and flows southwest 60 miles (97 km) through Kivalina Lagoon to the Chukchi Sea. Its Inuit name was spelled Kuveleek by Lieutenant G. M. Stoney United States Navy in 1885 and its present spelling was adopted in 1904.The village of Kivalina is located on a reef at the mouth of the river.
 The Bicudo River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Black Combe is a fell in the south-west corner of the Lake District National Park just four miles from the Irish Sea. It lies near the west coast of Cumbria in the borough of Copeland and more specifically in the ancient district of Millom.
 Nevado Sajama is an extinct stratovolcano and the highest peak in Bolivia. The mountain is located in the Oruro Department Sajama Province Curahuara de Carangas Municipality Sajama Canton. It is situated in the Sajama National Park in the southwest area of the country some 16–24 km (10-15 mi) from the border with Chile. The peak is an isolated cone but is geologically complex with lava domes of andesitic and rhyodactic composition overlain by an andesitic stratovolcano.
 Moldulhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Gliguța River is a tributary of the Doamna River in Romania.
 The Gatwick Stream is a tributary of the River Mole in southern England. The Gatwick Stream rises in Worth Forest below Clays lake in West Sussex flows northwards through Tilgate Forest alongside Tilgate golf course through Maidenbower Three Bridges and Tinsley Green to meet the River Mole on the border between West Sussex and Surrey.
 The Yarkon River (Hebrew: נחל הירקון‎ Nahal HaYarkon) also Yarqon River is a river in central Israel. The source of the Yarkon (Greenish in Hebrew) is at Tel Afek (Antipatris) north of Petah Tikva. It flows west through Gush Dan and Tel Aviv's Yarkon Park into the Mediterranean Sea. El-Auja Arabic counterpart means Meandering.
 The Valea Trăsnetului River is a tributary of the Lăptici River in Romania.
 The Velnița River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
 Matterhorn Peak is located in the Sierra Nevada in the western U.S. state of California at the northern boundary of Yosemite National Park. At 12285 feet (3744 m) elevation it is the tallest peak in the craggy Alps-like Sawtooth Ridge and the northernmost 12000-foot (3700 m) peak in the Sierra Nevada. The peak also supports the Sierra's northernmost glacier system.
 Spießbach (Nidder) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lake Chany (Russian: озеро Чаны) is one of the largest lakes in Russia. It is a shallow freshwater lake that has a fluctuating water level which can change from season to season and year to year. A variety of ecosystems that surround the lake include a mixture of wetlands salt marshes and a mixture of birch and aspen forests. Lake Chany in particular is critically important for the migratory birds of Siberia.
 Mount Tallac is a mountain peak southwest of Lake Tahoe in El Dorado County California. The peak lies within the Desolation Wilderness in the Eldorado National Forest. It is quite visible from State Routes 89 and 28 and Highway 50. A cross of snow is clearly visible on the mountain's face during the winter spring and early summer months.Of the several trails leading to the summit the Mount Tallac trailhead is the most frequented.
 The Santo Domingo River (Chiapas) is a river of Mexico.
 Redhorn Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Redhorn Lake is in the Livingston Range.
 Schneibstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 El Atazar Dam is an arch dam built near Madrid Spain on the Lozoya River very close to where the Lozoya joins the Jarama. It is the oldest dome dam in the world. The curved design of the dam is optimum for the narrow gorge in which it was built to retain water in the reservoir. Arch dams are thin and require less material to construct than other dam types.When the dam was built the decision was made to use the dam to store and regulate water only and not to provide energy.
 Świeża is a river of Poland. It terminates into the Vistula Lagoon.
 Breitenbach (Bad Wiessee) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Kilchis River is a stream about 14 miles (23 km) long near the coast of northwest Oregon in the United States. It drains a mountainous timbered region of about 65 square miles (170 km2) in the Northern Oregon Coast Range west of Portland.The Kilchis River begins at the confluence of its North Fork and South Fork in northern Tillamook County in the Tillamook State Forest northeast of Bay City.
 Head Lake is a lake in the city of Kawartha Lakes in the Canadian province of Ontario. It is located between Uphill to the west and Norland to the east. Kawartha Lakes Road 45 (formerly Highway 503) follows the southern and western shoreline of the lake. The community of Head Lake is located on the southern shore of the lake.The lake is in the Great Lakes Basin and is about 5 km (3.1 mi) wide and 8 km (5.0 mi) long.
 The Bazhang River also spelled Pachang River (Chinese: 八掌溪; pinyin: Bāzhǎng Xī; Wade–Giles: Pa1-chang3 Hsi1) is a river in Taiwan. It flows through Tainan City and Chiayi County for 81 km.
 The River Bourne is a river in the English county of Berkshire. It is a tributary of the River Pang and indirectly of the River Thames. The Bourne's source is near the village of Chapel Row and it joins the River Pang south of the M4 motorway near the village of Tidmarsh.
 The Izvorul Bogat is a tributary of the Galaț River in Romania.
 The São João do Paraíso River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Bystřice is a small river in the Czech Republic draining south from its source near Pecka through Miletín Hořice Mokrovousy Nechanice Boharyně Kratonohy and merging with Cidlina at Chlumec nad Cidlinou.A survey conducted in 2010 showed that the Bystřice River was inhabited by a total of 21 species of aquatic molluscs out of which 11 were gastropods and the remaining 10 were bivalves. Most of the recorded species were common ones.
 Harrower Peak (13057 ft (3980 m)) is located in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming and it is the 28th tallest mountain in the state. Harrower Peak is in the Bridger Wilderness of Bridger-Teton National Forest and the Harrower Glacier is less than .50 mi (0.80 km) northeast of the peak.
 Lake Ore-be-gone is a 140-acre (0.57 km2) artificial lake formed by the flooding of three open-pit iron ore mines within the city limits of Gilbert Minnesota USA.Since the flooding of the mining pits the area around the lake has been subject to land reclamation and there now exist beaches and docks.
 Chedotlothna Glacier is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Alaska Range between Mount Russell and Mount Dall moving northeast then north. It is the source of the Swift Fork of the Kuskokwim River. The name Chedotlothna was reported as a native name by S.R. Capps in 1925. Alternate spellings include Chedotlothno and Chedotluthna. The glacier is also called Todzolno' Lughwzra'.
 Springebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Buzduganu River is a headwater of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 Mahé River (also known as Mayyazhipuzha) is a river in South India. It flows through the state of Kerala and the coastal exclave of Mahé in Puducherry.
 Walchensee or Lake Walchen is one of the deepest and largest alpine lakes in Germany with a maximum depth of 192.3 metres (631 ft) and an area of 16.4 square kilometres (6.3 sq mi). The lake is 75 kilometres (47 mi) south of Munich in the middle of the Bavarian Alps. The entire lake including the island of Sassau is within the municipality of Kochel. To the east and the south the lake borders the municipality of Jachenau.
 The Slab Fork is a tributary of the Guyandotte River 15.1 miles (24.3 km) long in southern West Virginia in the United States.
 Étang de Thau (French pronunciation: ​[etɑ̃ də to]; Occitan: Estanh de Taur) or Bassin de Thau is the largest of a string of étangs (lakes) that stretch along the Languedoc-Roussillon French coast from the Rhône River to the foothills of the Pyrenees which form the border to Spain. It is the second largest lake in France.
 Stortissvatnet or Stor-Tisvatnet (also Southern Sami: Vuallerenjaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Lierne in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake lies south of the lake Laksjøen and north of the lake Holden.
 The Runcu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 The Queimados River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Chuckwalla Mountains are a mountain range in the transition zone between the Colorado Desert—Sonoran Desert and the Mojave Desert climatically and vegetationally in Riverside County of southern California.
 Jennings Run (Garrett County) & Jennings Run (Allegany County) are Maryland tributaries to Three Forks Run & Wills Creek (North Branch Potomac River) respectively.
 The Mokolo River is a major watercourse in Limpopo Province of South Africa. This river collects much of the drainage of the Waterberg Massif and discharges it to the Limpopo River. The river's catchment area comprises 8387 square kilometers.
 Uljua Reservoir is a medium-sized lake in the Siikajoki main catchment area. It is located in the region Northern Ostrobothnia. The reservoir is located at the village of Pulkkila in Siikalatva municipality.
 Blåbreahøe is a summit ridge consisting of three peaks in Jotunheimen National Park in Oppland Norway.
 The Băncușorul River is a tributary of the Coșna River in Romania.
 Allmannberget is a mountain in the municipality of Oppdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The 1342-metre (4403 ft) tall mountain sits about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) southeast of the municipal center of Oppdal easily seen from the European route E6 highway.The easiest hiking route is from the east-north-east. Drive on the gravel toll road from the E6 highway partially up the Olmdalen valley then walk approximately 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) to the summit.
 The Iguaçu River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Davao River catchment is the third largest river catchment on the Southern Philippines Island of Mindanao. It drains an area of over 1700 km² with a river length of 160 km. Most of the area is uplands. Average flows within the river near to the mouth are estimated at 70-80 cubic meters per second. The climate type is relatively uniform throughout the year with evenly distributed rainfall and temperatures and humidity (rainfall = 2600mm Actual Evap 1028mm).
 Grasshopper Glacier is in the Beartooth Mountains Custer National Forest Montana U.S. The glacier is within the Absaroka-Beartooth Wilderness a part of the Greater Yellowstone Ecosystem. Grasshopper Glacier is approximately .20 miles (0.32 km) long and .25 mi (0.40 km) wide. Starting at a point more than 11300 feet (3400 m) above sea level the glacier originally was more than 5 mi (8.0 km) long but has receded significantly since first researched in the early 20th century.
 Trabuco Creek (known also as Arroyo Trabuco) is a 22-mile (35 km)-long stream in coastal southern California in the United States. Rising in a rugged canyon in the Santa Ana Mountains of Orange County the creek flows west and southwest before emptying into San Juan Creek in the city of San Juan Capistrano. Trabuco Creek's watershed drains 54 square miles (140 km2) of hilly semi-arid land and lies mostly in Orange County with a small portion extending northward into Riverside County.
 The Itiquira River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Plopul River is a tributary of the Tălmăcuţa river in Romania.
 The Santa Maria River (Sergipe) is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Barham River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It arises in the Otway Ranges and enters Bass Strait at Apollo Bay.Named by surveyor George Smythe its name is supposed to be from an Aboriginal word Burrum meaning stony river bed.
 The Llano River (/ˈlænoʊ/ LAN-oh) is a tributary of the Colorado River approximately 105 mi (169 km) long in central Texas in the United States. It drains part of the Edwards Plateau in Texas Hill Country northwest of Austin.Two spring-fed tributaries the North and South Llano stretch across the otherwise arid lands of West Texas before merging just east of the small town of Junction Texas in Kimble County forming the head of the Llano River proper.
 The Cutzamala River is a river of Mexico.
 The Mueller River is a perennial river with no defined major catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Anaximander is a lunar crater that is located near the northwest limb of the Moon. It is joined at the northern rim by the crater Carpenter a younger and better-defined formation. To the southeast is the much larger J. Herschel a formation of the variety known as a walled plain.The outer wall of Anaximander is heavily worn and eroded with multiple notches and breaks. There is no central peak but the floor contains several small craterlets and a multitude of tiny pits from minor impacts.
 Gampriner Seele is the only lake in Liechtenstein. It was created by a flood of the Rhine River with enormous erosion in 1927. The lake lies on 435 metres above Sea Level in the village of Bendern–Gamprin.Gampriner Seele is surrounded by a dense deciduous forest which consists of plants such as reeds hedges and trees. The treasure was put under nature conservation by the government in 1961. After elimination of the trash the water quality stabilized at B grade.
 Toronto Lake is a lake in Sullivan County New York. It is located in the town of Bethel.
 Inka Wasi or Inkawasi (Quechua inka Inca wasi house Inca house hispanicized spelling Incahuasi) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru whose summit reaches 4315 metres (14157 ft) above sea level. It is situated in the Apurímac Region Abancay Province Cachora District. The mountain lies on the bank of the Apurímac River opposite the archaeological site of Choquequirao (Chuqik'iraw). On its northern slope there is a small archaeological site named Inka Raqay.
 The Tschierva Glacier (Romansh: Vadret da Tschierva) is a 4 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernina Range in the canton of Graubünden/Grisons in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 6.2 km2.
 Weh Island or Pulau Weh or Pulo Weh (by the local population commonly referred to only as Sabang the name of the largest city) is a small active volcanic island to the northwest of Sumatra 45 minutes by fast regular ship or 2 hours by ferry from mainland Banda Aceh. It was originally connected to the Sumatran mainland and became separated by sea after the volcano's last eruption in the Pleistocene era. The island is situated in the Andaman Sea.
 Mount Satima also known as Mount Lesatima and often abbreviated to Satima or Lesatima is the third-highest mountain in Kenya and the highest in the Aberdare Range. The Maasai name is Oldoinyo Lesatima which has a variety of alternative spellings such as Ol Donyo Le Satima and means mountain of the bull calf.The peak lies at the northern end of the Aberdares which themselves are along the eastern side of the Great Rift Valley and is their highest point.
 The Aletschhorn (4193 m (13757 ft)) is a mountain in the Alps in Switzerland lying within the Jungfrau-Aletsch region which has been designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO. The mountain shares part of its name with the Aletsch Glacier lying at its foot.The Aletschhorn the second highest mountain of the Bernese Alps after the Finsteraarhorn is the only one of the higher peaks that lies completely in Valais.
 The Râușor is a tributary of the Bratia River in Romania.
 Edgelaw Reservoir is an artificial reservoir in Midlothian Scotland UK four miles west of Temple.
 The Kaikou River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows initially north then east and finally south from its source approximately half way between Dargaville and Kaikohe before joining with the Moengawahine Stream to become the Hikurangi River.
 The Durnholzer See (Italian: Lago di Valdurna; German: Durnholzer See) is a lake in the Sarntal Alps in South Tyrol Italy. It belongs to the municipality of Sarntal.
 Taube is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Castle Rock is a butte in the Colorado Piedmont region of the Great Plains. An area landmark it is located in as well as the namesake of the town of Castle Rock Colorado.The butte's caprock consists of rhyolite rock which is strongly resistant to erosion. About 37 million years ago a volcanic eruption took place that covered the area around Castle Rock with 20 feet (6.1 m) of rhyolite.
 The Pănade River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 The Cospudener See (sometimes translated as Lake Cospuden) is a lake situated south of Leipzig. It is on the site of a former open cast mine. The lake has become highly popular with the local population with long stretches of sand beaches (some clothing-optional following the East German tradition of public nude bathing) and with a sauna directly located at the lake. There is also a small sailing harbour.
 The Sunătoarea River is a tributary of the Blahniţa River in Romania
 Canale Reale is an Italian river in the province of Brindisi. The source of the river is near Villa Castelli. The river flows northeast past Latiano and enters the Strait of Otranto portion of the Adriatic Sea.
 The River Leen is 15 mile (24km) long tributary of the River Trent that flows through Nottinghamshire and the city of Nottingham in the East Midlands of England.
 The Valea Poienii River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 The Cracăul Negru River is a headwater of the Cracău River in Romania.
 Tylihul (or Tyligul) Estuary also called Tyligulskiy liman (or Tylihul'skyi liman as transliterated from Ukrainian: Тилігульський лиман Russian: Тилигульский лиман) is a Ramsar listed estuary or liman of the Tylihul River. Located in Odessa Oblast in the south of Ukraine the estuary includes an ornithological Game Reserve and the Tylihulskyi Regional Landscape Park situated on the East coast.The name of the water body originates from the Turkish: Deli Göl meaning mad rabid lake.
 Natoavou River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Pietroasa River is a tributary of the Sărata River in Romania.
 The Franțușca River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
 Maltschacher See is a lake of Carinthia Austria 5 kilometers south-east of Feldkirchen in Kärnten.In the west of the lake there is a swamp. The lakes outflow feeds the Strußnigteich a breeding ground where carps are grown four kilometers southeast of the Maltschacher See.
 Cringle Moor is the third highest hill in the North York Moors and the highest point west of Clay Bank.The hill is crossed by the Cleveland Way National Trail and is a part of Wainwrights Coast to Coast Walk which also passes over the neighbouring tops of Cold Moor Carlton Moor Live Moor and Hasty Bank—a section of the walk which Wainwright describes as 'one of the finest'. It is also part of the Lyke Wake Walk.
 The Chiril River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Melville is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 154 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Melville is named for the American novelist Herman Melville who lived from 1819 to 1891.
 Fauscoum (Irish: Fáschom) is a mountain in County Waterford Ireland. It is the highest mountain of the Comeragh Mountain Range and the second highest mountain in County Waterford after Knockmealdown.
 The Sandwich Range is located in the White Mountains of New Hampshire in the United States north of the Lakes Region and south of the Kancamagus Highway. Although the range is not outstanding for its elevation it is very rugged and has excellent views of the surrounding lakes mountains and forests.The Sandwich Range extends east-west about 30 miles from Conway New Hampshire on the Saco River to Campton on the Pemigewasset River.
 Another Pic du Midi is the Pic du Midi de Bigorre.The Pic du Midi d'Ossau (2884 m) is a mountain rising above the Ossau Valley in the French Pyrenees. Despite possessing neither a glacier nor in the context of the range a particularly high summit its distinctive shape makes it a symbol of the French side of the Pyrenees.
 Fountains Fell is a mountain in the Yorkshire Dales England. The main summit (SD864716) has a height of 668 metres (2192 ft) and a relative height or topographic prominence of 243 metres (797 ft) and thus qualifies as a Marilyn. Its subsidiary south top (SD868708) reaches 662 metres (2172 ft) and qualifies as a Nuttall.
 The Kabinakagami River is a river in Cochrane and Algoma Districts in northeastern Ontario Canada. It is part of the James Bay drainage basin and is a right tributary of the Kenogami River.
 Ross Crater is an impact crater in the Thaumasia quadrangle of Mars located at 57.7 S and 107.84 W. It is 82.51 km in diameter. It was named after Frank E. Ross an American astronomer (1874-1966). The crater's name was approved in 1973.
 Engelberg (Leonberg) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Jepii Mari River is a tributary of the Izvorul Dorului River in Romania.
 The Pasteur River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Jebel ech Chambi (Arabic: جبل الشعانبي‎; also spelled Mount Ash-Sha'nabi) is the highest mountain in Tunisia at 1544m. It stands above the city of Kasserine in western central Tunisia and is covered by a pine forest.
 The Saint Elias Mountains are a subgroup of the Pacific Coast Ranges located in southeastern Alaska in the United States southwestern Yukon and the very far northwestern part of British Columbia in Canada. The range spans Wrangell-St. Elias National Park and Preserve in the USA and Kluane National Park and Reserve in Canada and includes all of Glacier Bay National Park in Alaska.
 The Elkhart River is a 48.3-mile-long (77.7 km) tributary of the St. Joseph River in northern Indiana in the United States. It is almost entirely contained in Elkhart County. It begins southeast of Millersburg just across the county line in Noble County. It flows generally westward through Benton and then turns northward. It then flows through Bainter Town and Waterford Mills into the Goshen Dam Pond. From there it flows northeast through Goshen Dunlap and Elkhart. It flows into the St.
 The Curmătura River is a tributary of the Sitna River in Romania.
 Sunrise Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island north of Mount Albert Edward near the head of the Oyster River in Strathcona Provincial Park.
 The Mateiașul River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It is formed at the junction of headwaters Mateiașul Mare and the Mateiașul Mic
 Striegis is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Dieze is a short river in North Brabant the Netherlands tributary of the Meuse. It is formed by the confluence of the rivers Aa and Dommel in 's-Hertogenbosch. The part of the Dieze in the centre of 's-Hertogenbosch is called Binnendieze: a partly covered network of canals. The Dieze flows into the Meuse near Hedel.
 Ali Baba is a large crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Ali Baba was first discovered in Voyager 2 images. It is located at 55.1° North Latitude 22.3° West Longitude and is 39.2 kilometers across. It is located near the craters Aladdin and Samad. Ali Baba has a large dome in its interior suggesting the crater has undergone viscous relaxation.
 The Vete River is a tributary of the Bicăjel River in Romania.
 Goč (Serbian Cyrillic: Гоч) is a mountainous area in central Serbia about 15 km south of the spa town of Vrnjačka Banja. Its highest peak Ljukten (Serbian Cyrillic: Љуктен) has an elevation of 1216 m (3990 ft) above sea level.Goč is a popular hiking and mountaneering destination and the village Goč is a small ski resort. The skiing area is equipped with a single-seater ski lift and the longest slope is 1500 m long and 40 m wide.
 Hollingworth Reservoir is a former reservoir near Hollingworth Tameside Greater Manchester. The reservoir straddles the Greater Manchester–Derbyshire border. It was constructed in 1854 as part of the Longdendale Chain but was abandoned in 1987 and now forms part of the Swallows Wood nature reserve.
 Fleesensee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 62 m its surface area is 10.78 km².The lake is both fed and drained by the Elde river. On its shore located in a part of the municipality Göhren-Lebbin there is a large vacation resort that was opened in 2000.
 The Valea Bujorilor River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania.
 Kunturiri (Aymara kunturi condor -ri Aymara suffix hispanicized spelling Condoriri) also known as Nevado Condoriri is a volcano in the Andes on the border of Bolivia and Chile which rises up to about 5762 metres (18904 ft) On the Chilean side it is located int the Arica and Parinacota Region and on the Bolivian side in the Oruro Department Sajama Province Curahuara de Carangas Municipality Sajama Canton as well as in the La Paz Department Pacajes Province Calacoto Municipality Ulloma Canton. 
 The Cerbu River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 Melakwa Lake is a lake in King County Washington. The name Melakwa comes from a Chinook term for mosquito. It is located along the Pratt River just below the river's true source.
 Lake Murray is a reservoir in San Diego California operated by the City of San Diego's Public Utilities Department. It is located within Mission Trails Regional Park which is in the 7th City Council District and is represented by Councilman Scott Sherman. When full the reservoir has 171.1 surface acres a maximum water depth of 95 feet and 3.2 shoreline miles.
 Schinder is a mountain on the border of Bavaria Germany and Tyrol Austria. There are two summits one called Austrian Schinder or Trausnitzberg (1808 m) and the other slightly lower one called Bavarian Schinder (1796 m). The former sits right on the border of Bavaria and Tyrol whereas the latter is situated wholly in Bavaria.
 Flassavatnet is a lake in the municipality of Gjesdal in Rogaland county Norway next to the town Ålgård.
 Schmerbach (Herrgottsbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Budi Lake (Spanish: Lago Budi Spanish pronunciation: [ˈbuði]) from the Mapudungun word Füzi which means salt is a tidal brackish water lake located near the coast of La Araucanía Region southern Chile. The lake is part of the boundaries between Saavedra and Teodoro Schmidt commune. Budi Lake is among the few lakes of the west coast of the Americas that have seasonal inflows of sea water.
 Store Knutsholstinden is a mountain in Vågå Oppland Norway.
 The Staunton River is a 4.1-mile-long (6.6 km) stream in the U.S. state of Virginia. Flowing entirely within Shenandoah National Park it is a tributary of the Rapidan River and part of the Rappahannock River watershed.
 The Râpa River is a tributary of the Cosău River in Romania.
 Biokovo (pronounced [bîɔkɔʋɔ]) is the second-highest mountain range in Croatia located along the Dalmatian coast of the Adriatic Sea between the rivers of Cetina and Neretva. It is sometimes referred to as Bijakova especially among inhabitants of the eastern side of the mountain. Its highest peak is Sveti Jure (Saint George) at 1762 m.a.s.l.
 Sunset Lake is a medium-sized reservoir located in and near the city of Bridgeton in southern New Jersey (Cumberland County). The reservoir lies mostly in the townships of Hopewell Township and Upper Deerfield Township. The lake was created by damming a stream that feeds to the area from above Seeley Lake. And a stream that feeds into the lake from the nearby Mary Elmer Lake also located in Bridgeton.
 The Bârsa River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It starts at the junction of two headwaters: Bârsa Groşetului and Bârsa Tămaşului. As several tributaries also have the name Bârsa in order to differentiate them the main course of the river is frequently referred to as Bârsa Mare.
 Bolton Lake is a lake in the Moose River drainage basin in Timiskaming District Ontario Canada. It is about 640 metres (2100 ft) long and 380 metres (1247 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 357 metres (1171 ft) 30 kilometres (19 mi) west southwest of the community of Matachewan.
 Joseph Bonaparte Gulf (14°06′S 128°50′E) is a large body of water off the coast of the Northern Territory Australia and Western Australia and part of the Timor Sea. It was named after Joseph Bonaparte brother of Napoleon and King of Naples (1806-1808) and then Spain (1808-1813) by French explorer and naturalist Nicholas Baudin in 1803. It is also often referred to in Australia as the Bonaparte Gulf.
 Mount Walter is the second highest named summit in the U.S. state of New Mexico. However it is not usually counted as an independent mountain since it has only about 53 feet (16 m) of topographic prominence and is only 0.4 miles (0.6 km) north-northeast of Wheeler Peak the highest peak in New Mexico. Both peaks lie in the Taos Mountains a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains which is in turn a subrange of the Rocky Mountains.
 The Aurunci Mountains (Italian Monti Aurunci) is mountain range of southern Lazio in central Italy. They are part of the Antiappennini a group running from the Apennines chain to the Tyrrhenian Sea where they form the promontory of Gaeta. They are bounded northwestward by the Ausoni Mountains northward by the Liri river eastward by the Ausente southeastward by the Garigliano and southward by the Tyrrhenian sea.
 Ramshead Lake is located in Grand Teton National Park in the U. S. state of Wyoming. Situated within Hanging Canyon Ramshead Lake is flanked by Mount Saint John to the northwest and Symmetry Spire to the south. Arrowhead Pool is .25 miles (0.40 km) to the east and the Lake of the Crags is 150 yards (140 m) to the west.
 The Orlea River is a tributary of the Tismana River in Romania.
 Monte Ripalta is a mountain in Campania Italy.
 The Bacta Mare River (sometimes called just Bacta River) (Hungarian: Nagy Bakta-patak) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Bjørnsjøen is a lake in Nordmarka in Oslo Norway. The cabin Kikutstua owned by the Association for the Promotion of Skiing is located at the northeastern shore of the lake. Asbjørnsen's story En Nat i Nordmarken is set at Bjørnsjøen.Bjørnsjøen drains through the river Bjørnsjøelva to the lake Skjærsjøen.
 Oppstrynsvatn (also known as Oppstrynsvatnet Strynevatnet or Strynevatn) is a lake in the municipality of Stryn in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is located about 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) east of the village of Stryn (the administrative centre of the municipality). The villages of Flo Oppstryn and Erdal are located on the shores of the lake.The lake has an area of 22.87 square kilometres (8.83 sq mi) and is surrounded by many large mountains and glaciers which feed into the lake.
 The Böshorn (also known as Rauthorn) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Simplon in the canton of Valais. The mountain lies between the upper Nanztal and the Val Divedro.
 Käpfle is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Dientes de Navarino are a mountain range in Navarino Island Chile located just south of Puerto Williams along the Beagle Channel coast.
 The San Juan del Oro River is a river in the Potosí Department in Bolivia.
 Makrynoros (Greek: Μακρυνόρος) is a forested mountain range dominating the northern part of Aetolia-Acarnania in western Greece. Its highest elevation is about 900 m. Its length is approximately 25 to 30 km from north to south and its width is approximately 10 km from east to west. It lies to the east of the Ambracian Gulf east of Menidi and northeast of Amfilochia. The valley of the small river Bizakos separates it from the higher Valtou mountains to the east.
 Sin La (el. 5495 m.) is a high Himalayan mountain pass located in the eastern Kumaun in Pithoragarh District of Uttarakhand state in India.This pass connects Bidang in Darma Valley to Jolingkong Lake in the Kuthi Yankti valley. It is steep on both the sides and rocky. Chhota Kailash Peak is visible from here on clear sunny day. This pass was the part of ancient trade route of Bhotiyas to Tibet. The route is under heavy blanket of snow all year round.
 Morley is a small lunar impact crater that is located in the eastern part of the Moon's near side to the east of the Mare Fecunditatis. It was formerly a satellite crater of Maclaurin being designated Maclaurin R before being given its current name by the IAU. Morley lies to the west-southwest of Maclaurin.This is a small bowl-shaped crater that is similar to many comparable formations across the lunar surface. The inner walls are symmetrical in appearance and not notably eroded.
 The Mira River is a Portuguese river located in southwestern Alentejo.Its meander length is 145 km.It has its sources on the northern slopes of the Serra do Caldeirão and pursues a southeast-northwest course with a generally mild inclination to the Atlantic Ocean where it discharges through a small calm delta near the town of Vila Nova de Milfontes 115 km south to Lisbon.
 Kidinnu is an impact crater on the Moon's far side. It lies to the south of the crater H. G. Wells and to the southeast of Cantor.This is a somewhat unevenly formed crater with an outer rim that forms a rounded polygon. The inner wall varies in width with the narrowest stretch along the outward-bulging northeast. There are no craters of note along the rim or within the interior. The interior floor is uneven with a central ridge that runs to the southern edge.
 Chartiers Creek is a tributary of the Ohio River in Western Pennsylvania in the United States. The creek was named after Peter Chartier a trapper of French and Native American parentage who established a trading post at the mouth of the creek in 1743.
 The Cape River is a river of New Zealand. A tributary of the Opouawe River it is located in the Wairarapa in the southern North Island.
 The Iquê River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Bukkeholstindene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.no:Bukkeholstindene
 Henry Lake (District of Chester) is a lake of Chester Municipal District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Wertach is a river in Bavaria southern Germany left tributary of the Lech. Its total length is 151 km. The Wertach originates in the Northern Limestone Alps in Bad Hindelang east of Sonthofen (Oberallgäu district). It flows north along the towns Wertach Nesselwang Marktoberdorf Kaufbeuren Schwabmünchen and Bobingen. The Wertach flows into the Lech (itself a tributary of the Danube) in Augsburg.
 Abeona Mons is a mountain on Venus named after the goddess Abeona.
 Paco is an inactive volcano 524 metres in elevation located at 9°35.6' North 125°31.1' East in the province of Surigao del Norte region of Caraga island of Mindanao the Philippines.
 Stausee Ferden (Ferden reservoir) is a reservoir on the Lonza river at Ferden Valais Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.106 km².Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Silver Lake is a 22 acre lake in Cook County Minnesota which is tributary to the Poplar River. Silver Lake is six feet deep and has clarity down to 4.5 feet. It has one inflow from Bulge Lake and drains into Rice Lake South of the inflow on the northwest shore most of the west shore is a brush bog. Silver Lake has a shoreline of 1.1 miles.Because Silver Lake is connected to Rice Lake through a channel both are expected to share the same fish population.
 The Skyline Trail is a seven-kilometre looping hiking trail in the Cape Breton Highlands National Park. It lies on the western side of the Cabot Trail near French Mountain's summit. The trail is well known for its scenic views but also for the 2009 fatal coyote attack on Taylor Mitchell.
 The Păstrăvul River or Pârâul cu Păstrăvi is a tributary of the Ozunca River in Romania.
 The Perrin River is a 1.3-mile-long (2.1 km) tidal river in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is a small inlet on the north shore of the York River near that river's mouth at Chesapeake Bay.
 The Lunga River is the name of a river on the northern coast of Guadalcanal near Lunga Point with a tributary at Savo Sound (called Sealark Sound prior to World War II).
 Sand Hill (1070+ feet or 326+ m) is the second highest summit in the U.S. state of Indiana. It is located in northeastern Wayne Township in Noble County approximately two and a half miles southeast of the town of South Milford. A burial ground known as Weston Chapel Cemetery is on the southeastern face of the hill.The highest summit in Indiana is Hoosier Hill in Wayne County (1257 feet or 383 metres)
 Deadman Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Schunemunk Mountain (also spelled Schunnemunk) is the highest mountain in Orange County New York. The 1664-foot (507 m) summit is located in the town of Blooming Grove with other portions in Cornwall and Woodbury. The community of Mountain Lodge Park is built up its western slope.The mountain is a popular recreational resource in the area.
 The White River is a white glacial river in the U.S. state of Washington. It flows about 75 miles (121 km) from its source the Emmons Glacier on Mount Rainier to join the Puyallup River at Sumner. It defines part of the boundary between King and Pierce counties.A second White River has its source in Glacier Peak Wilderness and flows southeast to Lake Wenatchee.
 The Florile Albe River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 Sass de Stria is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2477 metres.
 Buford's Gap is a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains in Bedford County Virginia. Buford's Gap was the original crossing of the Blue Ridge Mountains for the Virginia and Tennessee Railroad later the Norfolk and Western Railway a precursor of today's Norfolk Southern Railway system. It was the site of a battle in 1864 during the American Civil War. U.S. Route 460 also passes through the gap.
 Apple Orchard Mountain is a peak of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia.Located in Jefferson National Forest Apple Orchard Mountain is the county highpoint for both Bedford County and Botetourt County Virginia as well as the highest point on the Blue Ridge Parkway in Virginia. It is also the most topographically prominent mountain in the state. The summit is open and an FAA radar stands nearby. This radar stand makes the mountain recognizable from miles away.
 Perry Barr Reservoir is a covered drinking water reservoir in north Birmingham England.
 Monte Prelà is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It is located in the comune of Torriglia province of Genoa south of Monte Antola.The sources of the Trebbia and Scrivia rivers right affluents of the Po are located at Monte Prelà.
 The Lugomir (Serbian Cyrillic: Лугомир) is a river in central Serbia a 57 km-long right tributary to the Velika Morava river.
 The Touchet River is a 55-mile (89 km) tributary of the Walla Walla River in southeastern Washington in the United States. The upper Touchet was a traditional summer meeting place for trade and games for the Palus Nez Perce and Walla Walla tribes. The name Touchet derives from the similarly pronounced Sahaptin term for the river Tu-se meaning roasting.
 Henry Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island south of Cameron Lake.== References ==
 Salzbach (Wiesbaden) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Puig de Bassegoda is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1373 metres (4504 ft)above sea level.
 The Hasselbrack at 116.2 m above NN is the highest point in the state of Hamburg Germany.It is located on the southern border of the city state with Lower Saxony in the Black Hills (Schwarze Berge) a northern outlier of the Harburg Hills in the quarter of Neugraben-Fischbek.
 Ray Mountain is a subglacial mound in Wells Gray Provincial Park British Columbia Canada. Ray Mountain last erupted during the Pleistocene. It is part of the Wells Gray-Clearwater volcanic field.Lava from a conical vent on the southwest side of Ray Mountain flowed down Falls Creek for 6 or more miles almost to the outlet of Clearwater Lake.
 The Tecanu River is a tributary of the Curteasa river in Romania.
 The Tchefuncte River (/tʃɨˈfʌŋktə/ chə-FUNK-tə) drains into Lake Pontchartrain in Louisiana in the United States. It is about 70.0 miles (112.7 km) long.In the 19th century it was an important commercial waterway where building materials and other products of the North Shore of Lake Pontchartrain were loaded to be shipped across the Lake to New Orleans.
 Würznerhorn is a mountain on the border of Liechtenstein and Switzerland in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps close to the town of Balzers with a height of 1713 metres (5620 ft).
 The Portage Lakes are a group of Glacial Kettle Lakes and reservoirs in Northeast Ohio. The name comes from an old Indian portage path which connected the Cuyahoga River flowing north to Lake Erie and the Tuscarawas River a tributary of the Muskingum River which flows south to the Ohio River. This proved advantageous for the Indians and early settlers as navigation from Lake Erie to the Ohio was possible with only an 8 miles (13 km) portage overland.
 The Bald Hills are a range of mountains in Humboldt County California. The Bald Hills lie south of the Klamath and Trinity Rivers between those rivers and Redwood Creek. The valleys at their feet and their lower slopes are covered by redwood forests but their summits are bald lacking woodland and instead are covered by meadows.
 The Breitlauihorn (3655 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located east of Blatten in the canton of Valais. It lies west of the Breithorn on the range between the Lötschental and the Baltschiedertal.
 The Valea Plaiului River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Tromsdalstinden (Northern Sami: Sálašoaivi or Sálaščohkka) is a mountain southeast of the city of Tromsø in Troms county Norway. The mountain is located at the southern end of the Tromsdalen valley. The summit measures 1238 metres (4062 ft) above sea level. Snowfall varies from one year to another but the peak is usually snow free only for a few months in the summer. The mountain is easily spotted from the city centre of Tromsø.
 The Hardey River is a river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise at Tom Price in the Hamersley Range and flow in a westerly direction.
 Mount Solomons is a peak in the Sierra Nevada mountain range in the U.S. state of California. It rises to 13040 feet (3975 m) directly above Muir Pass. Mount Solomons was named after Theodore Solomons an explorer of the Sierra Nevada mountains who mapped and established what is now the northern half of John Muir Trail.The peak is on the Goddard Divide in Kings Canyon National Park and overlooks Evolution Basin. A scramble from the Muir trail at Muir pass leads to the summit.
 Mount Stuart is a mountain in the Cascade Range in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the second highest non-volcanic peak in the state after Bonanza Peak and tenth-highest overall. Mount Stuart is the highest peak in the Stuart Range and it is located in the central part of the Washington Cascades south of Stevens Pass and east of Snoqualmie Pass in the Alpine Lakes Wilderness.Mount Stuart was given its name by George B.
 Taebaeksan also known as Mount Taebaeksan or Mount Taebaek is a South Korean mountain peak of Taebaek Mountains. It stretches from the city of Taebaek in Yeongwol-gun County Gangwon-do Province to Bonghwa-gun County Gyeongsangbuk-do Province. It has an elevation of 1566.7 m (5140 ft).
 The Néez of Gan is a left tributary of the Gave de Pau in Béarn (Pyrénées-Atlantiques) in the Southwest of France. It flows into the Gave downstream from Pau.
 Sgurr a' Choire Ghlais is a mountain in the North-west Highlands of Scotland. It lies between Glen Strathfarrar and Glen Orrin and it is an excellent viewpoint being the highest mountain in its group - a group which includes the Munros of Sgurr na Ruaidhe Sgurr Fhuar-thuill and Carn nan Gobhar. Northwards there is no higher ground apart from the Fannaichs.It is one of the most difficult hills to reach in Scotland the shortest route involving a 10-mile approach up Glen Strathfarrar.
 The Do Peixe River (Paraná River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Râcu River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 The Quillen River is a river of Chile.
 The Bol’shaya Kheta (Russian: Большая Хета) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai Russia. It is a left tributary of the Yenisei.
 The Formiga River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Aavoja is a 23 km (14 mi) long river in Anija Parish Harju County Estonia. Its source is near Pillapalu. It flows generally west. Aavoja is a right tributary of the Jägala into which it flows near the town of Kehra in Ülejõe village. The basin area of Aavoja is 56.7 km².
 Ghar Parau is a cave in the Zagros Mountains north of Kermanshah in Western Iran. It is the deepest cave in Iran.
 The Barnett Hills are a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 Thunder Mountain is located in the northern part of the Great Western Divide a sub-range of the Sierra Nevada in California. The summit marks a point on the boundary between Sequoia and Kings Canyon national parks and is 0.6 miles (1 km) north of Table Mountain and south 2.8 miles (4.5 km) Mount Brewer. Thunder pass on the mountains east side has an elevation of 12720+ feet (3 877+ m). This pass marks the western end of the Kings-Kern Divide.The mountain was named by George R.
 The Mânăstirea River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 Camelback Mountain or Big Pocono is a conspicuous geographic feature on the Pocono Plateau. It is not a mountain but rather a peninsular section of the Pocono Plateau that when viewed from three sides appears to be a mountain.
 The Pansipit River is a short river located in the Batangas province of the Philippines. The river is the sole drainage outlet of Taal Lake which empties to Balayan Bay. The river stretches about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) passing along the towns of Agoncillo Lemery San Nicolas and Taal serving as border between the communities. It has a very narrow entrance from Taal Lake.
 Pogson is a lunar crater on the Moon's far side behind the southeastern limb. It is located midway between the flooded crater Lebedev to the southwest and Bjerknes to the northeast. Farther west of Pogson is the uneven Mare Australe.This is a circular crater with a somewhat worn rim. A small craterlet lies across the southern rim and pair is located long the northeastern rim. The interior floor has a slightly lower albedo than the surroundings and is level and nearly featureless.
 The Reservation River is a river of Minnesota. It lies in the far northeast corner of the state near the border with Canada. It flows 6.9 miles (11.1 km) from Swamp Lake on the western edge of the Grand Portage Indian Reservation south to Lake Superior.
 Loch Watten is a loch in Caithness Scotland in the River Wick drainage basin. The name is a tautology consisting of the word loch (of Gaelic origin) and vatn a Norse word meaning the very same found in such names as Þingvallavatn and Myvatn in Iceland and Røssvatnet and Møsvatn in Norway.It is well known as a good fly fishing loch for brown trout with the local village Watten being located to the south
 Merlon Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 25 km (16 mi) east of Gold River and 2 km (1 mi) northeast of Mount Filberg.
 The Santo Anastácio River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Belalakaya (3861 m) is a mountain in the Karachay-Cherkessia Russia.
 Myitnge River (Burmese: မြစ်ငယ် or Dokhtawaddy River (ဒုဋ္ဌဝတီမြစ်) is a major tributary of Ayeyarwady River (Irrawaddy) in Myanmar (Burma). The name Myitnge in Burmese and Dokhtawaddy in Pali both mean little river in comparison with the Ayeyarwady or big river.
 Chukhloma Lake (Russian: Чухломское озеро) is a freshwater lake in Kostroma Oblast in Russia. It is located at around 58°47′N 42°37′E at an altitude of 148 meters above sealevel. It has an area of 48.7 km² and an average depth of 4.5 meters. The lake is almost circular in shape with a diameter of 6–7 km. The shores are flat and boggy. The bottom consists of mud and silt. It is frozen from late October to late April. A number of small rivers and streams enters the Chukhloma Lake.
 The Lespezi River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 Sadane River is a river in northern Java Indonesia.
 The Wakefield River is part of an estuary located in South Australia. It is an ephemeral river that usually flows only when there are significant rains. It rises above Mintaro flowing southward passing the towns of Watervale and Auburn where it is fed by several small creeks and then curves to flow westerly past the town of Balaklava into the head of Gulf St Vincent at Port Wakefield. The river's catchment covers 1913 km2 (739 sq mi).
 Volovets Pass (Ukrainian: Воловецький перевалHungarian: Kisszolyvai-hágó) is a mountain pass in the north-eastern Carpathian Mountains of Ukraine through the Vodorazdel'nyy backbone. Its crest is at 1014 metres (3327 ft) height. It is located on the border of Skole Raion of the Lviv Oblast and the Volovets Raion of the Zakarpattia Oblast on the watershed of the rivers Opir and Viche.The southern slope of the pass is steep while the northern flank is declivous.
 Pointe de la Fournache is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3639 metres above sea level.Pointe de la Fournache lies north of Aussois and southwest of Dent Parrachée (3697 m). The summit is very close to Dent Parrachée which is separated by a short ridge.
 The Tux Alps (German: Tuxer Alpen) or Tux Prealps (Tuxer Voralpen) are a sub-group of the Austrian Central Alps which in turn form part of the Eastern Alps within Central Europe. They are located entirely within the Austrian federal state of Tyrol. The Tux Alps are one of three mountain ranges that form an Alpine backdrop to the city of Innsbruck. Their highest peak is the Lizumer Reckner 2886 m AA which rises between the glen of Wattentaler Lizum and the valley of the Navisbach.
 Jukyeopsan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 859 metres.
 The Piratinga River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Tuxer Joch is a mountain pass in the Zillertal Alps at a height of 2338 m AA that links the lower Zillertal valley with the Brenner route just north of the Brenner Pass. To the northeast just below the summit lies the Tuxer Joch-Haus.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 La Paloma Glacier (Spanish: Glaciar La Paloma) is a glacier located some 30 km (19 mi) northeast of Santiago. It one of the largest glaciers of central Chile. It originates at 4910 m (16110 ft) AMSL and ends at 3500 m (11500 ft).
 The Resavčina (Serbian Cyrillic: Ресавчина) is a river in Serbia a 32 km-long right tributary to the Velika Morava river. It is sometimes also called Resavica or Resava (not to be confused with another Velika Morava's right tributary of Resava or its own tributary of Resavica).The Resavčina originates near the village of Proštinac in Svilajnac municipality.
 Keoka Lake is a small lake in the town of Waterford Maine. It is south of Waterford Flat and northeast of Waterford City (South Waterford). it is notable for being adjacent to the birthplace of Artemis Ward. Also known as Thomas Pond it is approximately 460 acres (1.9 km2) in size with a maximum depth of fourteen meters (forty-two feet). It was formed by glaciers retreating and advancing along with Mount Tire'm an adjacent mountain.
 Pic de Néouvielle (3091 m) is a mountain in the Néouvielle massif in the French Pyrenees. It is located in the commune of Saint-Lary-Soulan within the department of the Hautes-Pyrénées and lies on the border between the Pyrenees National Park and the Néouvielle National Park.
 The Vollkarspitze is a 2630 m high mountain in the Wetterstein group in Germany that until 2001 had twin peaks. It is only crossed by climbers making their way along the arête of the Jubiläumsgrat.At the beginning of the 2000s the western summit broke off and with it a long section of the safety equipment on the Jubiläumsgrat. The new route is the heart of the Klettersteig section of the Jubiläumsgrat.
 The Cotumbița River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania.
 The Valea Băilor River is a tributary of the Moneasa River in Romania.
 The Douve or Ouve is a river 79 kilometres in length which rises in the commune of Tollevast near Cherbourg in the department of Manche. Ouve is considered its old name (Unva in ancient texts): Ouve appears to have been misspelled over the course of time as Douve river and then as River of the Douve (Douve literally means Ditch).
 The Negro River (Paraguay) is a river of Paraguay.
 The Cuieșd River ( Hungarian: Mezőkövesdi-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name originates from the Hungarian “kő” for “stone” so its name means “Stony Creek”.
 Hertali is a fissure vent in Ethiopia. The fissure vent was believed to have been active through the late Pleistocene to Holocene.
 The Valea Spinării River is a tributary of the Valea Doamnelor River in Romania.
 Black Mountain (Slovak: Čierna hora German: Schwarzer Berg) is a small mountain range in eastern Slovakia. It forms part of the Slovak Ore Mountains. The range is located roughly between the city of Košice to the southeast and the municipalities of Krompachy to the northwest and Kysak to the northeast and has an area of about 250 km². Its highest point is the Roháčka (1029 m n.m.) between Margecany and Kluknava.The region of the Black Mountain is drained by the River Hornád.
 Saukampen i Lom is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Heuberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Henares is a river in Spain tributary of the Jarama. It has its source in the Sierra Ministra in the village of Horna near Sigüenza in the province of Guadalajara. Henares in Spanish is also the plural of henar (derived from the Latin word fenum) which means hayfield because formerly there were hay fields on its banks. Its tributaries are the Torote the Sorbe the Cañamares the Salado the Dulce the Aliendre and the Bornova.
 The Luy de Béarn is a left tributary of the Luy in the Southwest of France.
 Yashchera River (Russian: Ящера) is a river in Luzhsky District of Leningrad Oblast Russia a right tributary of Luga River. The length of the Yashchera is 78 kilometres (48 mi) and the area of its drainage basin is 655 square kilometres (253 sq mi). The tributaries are the Lyubanka and the Lutinka (left) the Dolgusha and the Vladychkinskaya (Kamenka) (right). Main tributaries:The source of the Yashchera is in the northwest of Luzhsky District west of the railway station of Divenskaya.
 The Mărtănuș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Union Peak (11496 ft (3504 m)) is located in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Union Peak straddles the Continental Divide and is in both Bridger-Teton and Shoshone National Forests. Union Pass is 4.5 mi (7.2 km) NW of Union Peak.
 The Ciucic River ( Hungarian: Köcs-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The River Leven (pron. levven) is a short river in the county of Cumbria falling within the historic boundaries of Lancashire. It drains Windermere from its southernmost point and flows for approximately eight miles (13 km) into the northern reaches of Morecambe Bay. The river and its estuary are the boundary between the Cartmel Peninsula and Furness Peninsula in the area once known referred to as Lancashire north of the sands.
 The Swinton Creek Volcano is an eroded volcanic outcrop in northwestern British Columbia Canada. It is one of the volcanoes of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province and last erupted in the Pleistocene period.
 Birkenhead Lake Provincial Park is a provincial park in British Columbia Canada located in the Lillooet Country region to the northeast of Pemberton and immediately northwest of Birkenhead Peak and Gates Lake (aka Birken Lake) at the community of Birken.
 Tempe Town Lake is a reservoir that occupies a portion of the currently dry riverbed of the Salt River as it passes through the city of Tempe Arizona just north of Tempe Butte.On July 20 2010 a portion of the west side of the dam that contained the water in the lake collapsed sending a flood of water into the Salt River bed which drained the lake.
 The Runc River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania.
 The Andoma (Russian: Андома) is a river in Vytegorsky District of Vologda Oblast in Russia. It flows out of Lake Groptozero and is a tributary of Lake Onega. It is 156 kilometres (97 mi) long and the area of its basin 2570 square kilometres (990 sq mi). The main tributary of the Andoma is the Samina River (right).The river basin of the Andoma occupies much of the northern part of Vytegorsky District.
 Begnas Lake is a freshwater lake in Kaski district of Nepal located in the south-east of the Pokhara Valley. The lake is the second largest after Phewa lake among the eight lakes in Pokhara Valley. Water level in the lake fluctuates seasonally due to rain and utilization for irrigation. The water level is regulated through a dam constructed in 1988 on the western outlet stream Khudi Khola.
 The Duran Pass (Italian: Passo Duran) (el. 1601 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Dolomites in the province of Belluno in Italy.It is situated between the municipality of La Valle Agordina and Zoldo Alto; it connects Agordo in the Cordevole valley and Dont in the Zoldo valley. The pass road SS 347 has a maximum grade of 15 percent. There are two restaurants and a little church at the summit.
 Cinder Cone is a cinder cone with a small crater on the west side of the Helm Glacier in Garibaldi Provincial Park in British Columbia Canada. Cinder Cone is surrounded by cinder flats and its crater is filled with melt water during the summer. Cinder Cone is eroded easily by melt water during the spring washing the pyroclastics into the Valley of Desolation. Cinder Cone produced a 9 km (6 mi) long lava flow during the early Holocene.
 Leakey is a small undistinguished lunar impact crater that is located in an area of rough terrain in the eastern part of the Moon. The immediate area is not notable for crater features although some distance to the southwest is the crater pair of Capella and Isidorus. In the surface between this pair and Leakey is a system of rilles designated the Rimae Gutenberg that follow a course to the southeast.Leakey is a circular bowl-shaped formation that is symmetrical and not significantly eroded.
 The Grosne (French: la Grosne) is a 95.6 km (59.4 mi) long river in the Rhône and Saône-et-Loire départements central eastern France. Its source is near Saint-Bonnet-des-Bruyères. It flows generally north. It is a right tributary of the Saône into which it flows in Marnay.
 The Bârlogeauau River is a tributary of the Pleşu River in Romania.
 The Rivière de Bainet is a river of Haiti.
 Mountain Lake is a freshwater lake located in Giles County near Newport Virginia in the United States. Along with Lake Drummond in the Great Dismal Swamp it is one of only two natural lakes in Virginia. It was originally known as Salt Pond as it was where cattle were given salt.
 Tagoloan River is the 13th largest river system in the Philippines in terms of watershed size as classified by the National Water Resources Board. It has an estimated drainage area of 1704 square kilometers covering the provinces of Bukidnon and Misamis Oriental. It has a length of 106 kilometers from its source in Malaybalay City Bukidnon province.
 Mason is the remains of a lunar crater that lies in the northeastern part of the Moon. It is nearly attached to the eastern rim of the flooded crater Plana and southeast of Bürg. Along the northern rim of Mason is the southern edge of the Lacus Mortis a small lunar mare. To the south is the larger Lacus Somniorum.This is a heavily eroded crater formation that is somewhat irregular in shape being longer in the east–west direction.
 Mount Gahinga is a dormant/extinct volcano in the Virunga Mountains on the border between Rwanda and Uganda. Gahinga lies between Muhabura and Sabyinyo but is the smallest of these three.
 Rit'i Urmasqa (Quechua rit'i snow urmasqa fallen down snow fallen down hispanicized spelling Riti Urmasca erroneously also Ritiurcamasca) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5200 metres (17060 ft) high. It is situated in the Puno Region Putina Province on the border of the districts Ananea and Sina. Rit'i Urmasqa lies southeast of the mountain Rit'ipata and southwest of Chawpi Urqu at the mountain pass Iskay Cruz (Quechua iskay two Spanish cruz cross two crosses).
 The Brienzer Rothorn is a mountain in the Swiss Alps on the border between the cantons of Lucerne Berne and Obwalden. With an elevation of 2350 metres above sea level the Brienzer Rothorn is the highest summit of the range lying west of the Brünig Pass (1008 m). On its south side it overlooks Lake Brienz. The summit can be reached from Brienz by the Brienz Rothorn Bahn (steam train) the summit station being located at 2244 metres on the Bernese side.
 The Sinks of Gandy — also called the Sinks of Gandy Creek or simply “The Sinks” — are a modestly celebrated cave and underground stream at Osceola in eastern Randolph County West Virginia USA. The Sinks are on private property within the Potomac Ranger District of the Monongahela National Forest.
 The Dușa River ( Hungarian: Dusa-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Valea lui Mihai River is a tributary of the Izvorul Lung River in Romania.
 The Behler See is a lake in the Holstein Switzerland region of North Germany. It lies between Timmdorf (municipality of Malente) to the east and the town of Plön to the west.
 Lake Wairarapa is a lake at the southern end of the North Island of New Zealand 50 kilometers east of Wellington. The lake covers an area of 78 km² and is the third largest in the North Island fractionally smaller than Lake Rotorua. The nearest town to the lake is Featherston which is located five kilometres from its northern shore.The lake's catchment area is large and includes the eastern slopes of the Rimutaka and Tararua Ranges.
 Cathey Peak is a peak in the Sacramento Mountains in the south-central part of the US State of New Mexico. It lies in Otero County 10 miles (16 km) southeast of the community of Alamogordo. Sacramento Peak at 9262 feet (2823 m) is a nearby subpeak of Cathey Peak and is more widely known due to the presence of several observatories on or near its summit.
 Mount Utsugi (空木岳 Utsugi-dake) is a mountain located on the boundary of Okuwa Iijima and Miyada Nagano Prefecture in the Chūbu region of Japan. It is 2864 m (9396 ft) tall and part of the Kiso Mountains. It is also included on the list of 100 Famous Japanese Mountains.
 The Valea Albă River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Råne River (Swedish: Råneälven) is a river in Sweden.
 The Bettne River is a river of South Westland New Zealand. A tributary of the Waiatoto River it rises in the Southern Alps and flows north-westward to join that river 4 km south of the Bonar Flats.
 San Jorge Lake is a lake in the Guarayos Province/Marbán Province Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 160 m its surface area is 68.6 km².
 Poncione di Ganna is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 993 metres above sea level.
 Grundbach (Elbbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Bubyl (Russian: Бубыл) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 60 km. Area of drainage basin is 266 km². Flows into Kolva River at the point located 100 km from Kolva's mouth.
 The Capivara River (Tocantins River) is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Sina river is river starting near Ahmednagarcity. It has two chief sources one near Jamgaon about 20 km. west of the town of Ahmadnagar and the other near Jeur about 16 km. to its north-east. For a distance of about 55 km. roughly the river forms boundary between Ahmadnagar District on the one hand and Beed district on the other.
 Glen Charlie Pond is a 185-acre (0.75 km2) warm water pond in Wareham Massachusetts. The maximum depth of the pond is 12 feet (3.7 m). The pond is part of the Agawam River. The pond is located southwest of White Island Shores northeast of Spectacle Pond north of Sandy Pond and approximately 2 miles (3.2 km) north of Route 25. Exit 2 off Route 25 eastbound provides direct access along Glen Charlie Road.
 Kao is an island and stratovolcano in Tonga. It reaches 1030 m (3379 ft) above sea level the highest point in Tonga. The date of its last eruption is unknown and fresh lava flows are not seen but the absence of deep erosional gullies or high sea cliffs suggests a very recent origin. It lies about 6 km (3.7 mi) north of Tofua island. The slopes of the island rise at angles exceeding 35 degrees to the summit which has a series of small volcanic craters.
 The Little Hohonu River is a river of New Zealand's West Coast Region. It flows northwest from its origins in the Hohonu Range southwest of Lake Brunner reaching the Big Hohonu River 20 kilometres southeast of Greymouth.
 The Ems (German: Ems; Dutch: Eems) is a river in northwestern Germany. It runs through the states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Lower Saxony and discharges into the Dollart Bay which is part of the Wadden Sea. Its total length is 371 km. The state border between the Lower Saxon area of East Friesland (Germany) and the province of Groningen (Netherlands) whose exact course is the subject of a border dispute between Germany and the Netherlands runs through the Ems estuary.
 The Ghidionul River is a tributary of the Căpăţâna River in Romania.
 The Orland River is a 3.5-mile-long (5.6 km) river in the town of Orland in Hancock County Maine. It is part of the Penobscot River watershed.The Orland River is primarily tidal and is known upstream from tidewater as the Narramissic River. The Orland River begins near the village of Orland and flows south ending at the Eastern Channel of the Penobscot River around Verona Island approximately 8 miles (13 km) upstream from the head of Penobscot Bay.
 The Sheenjek River is a 200-mile (320 km) tributary of the Porcupine River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins in the eastern part of the Brooks Range and flows southward to meet the larger river northeast of Fort Yukon.Its name derives from the Gwich'in word khiinjik meaning dog-salmon river. Explorer J.H. Turner called it the Salmon River.
 Bug Estuary (Ukrainian: Бузький лиман) is an estuary of the Southern Bug. It is 82 km long and up to 11 km wide. Together with the Dnieper Estuary makes Dnieper-Bug Estuary. The city of Mykolaiv is located on the Bug Estuary.
 Tryfan is a mountain in the Ogwen Valley Snowdonia Wales. It forms part of the Glyderau group and is one of the most famous and recognisable peaks in Britain having a classic pointed shape with rugged crags. At 3010 feet above sea level it is the fifteenth highest mountain in Wales. Between the mid-1980s and June 2010 its accepted height was 3002 ft. However it was resurveyed using accurate GPS measurements and found to be eight feet higher.
 Julius Caesar is a lava-flooded lunar crater with a low irregular and heavily worn wall. It is located to the west of Mare Tranquillitatis and directly southeast of the crater Manilius on the Mare Vaporum. To the east is the rounded Sosigenes.The interior floor of Julius Caesar is relatively level especially in the southwest half. The northern half of the interior has a lower albedo (darker) than the south.
 Miller Peak at 9470 feet (2886 m) is the second-highest mountain in Cochise County Arizona (after Chiricahua Peak). Located approximately 10 miles south of Sierra Vista Arizona it is the highest mountain in the Huachuca mountain range and a popular local hiking destination. The peak is in the Coronado National Forest and the Miller Peak Wilderness. The area was affected by the 2011 Monument fire.
 Kalte Herberge is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Pârâul Satului is a tributary of the Vorona River in Romania.
 The Lupul River is a tributary of the Uria River in Romania.
 The Vyg (Russian: Выг) is a river in Republic of Karelia. Consists of the Upper Vyg 135 km long discharging into Lake Vygozero and the Lower Vyg 102 km long flowing from Lake Vygozero and discharging into Onega Bay of the White Sea near Belomorsk. The Upper Vyg flows through several small lakes in a swampy land. The Lower Vyg is controlled by several dams as a part of the White Sea-Baltic Canal.
 The Ceair River is a tributary of the Almălău River in Romania.
 The Măruţ River is a tributary of the Iara river in Romania.
 Kirnbach (Schiltach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Verdi Range is a mountain range in Sierra County California that rises to 7667 feet (2337 m) above sea level.
 Two Ocean Pass is a mountain pass on North America's Continental Divide in the Teton Wilderness which is part of Wyoming's Bridger-Teton National Forest. The pass is notable for Parting of the Waters where one stream North Two Ocean Creek splits into two distributaries Pacific Creek and Atlantic Creek which ultimately flow into their respective oceans as described by the Hungarian engineer Andrew Kovacs.
 The Whiting River is a stream about 50 miles (80 km) long in the U.S. state of Alaska and the Canadian province of British Columbia. It enters the waters of Stephens Passage at the Borough of Juneau in the Alaska Panhandle between the mouths of the Taku and Stikine Rivers. The main tributary of the Whiting is the South Whiting. The river's basin is at the northern end of the Stikine Icecap The river crosses the international boundary at 58°11′00″N 133°13′00″W.
 The Schönebecker Aue is a geest stream in Bremen and Lower Saxony Germany.Its source is on the Lange Heide plateau near Heilshorn Osterholz-Scharmbeck (Landkreis Osterholz) in Lower Saxony. Its mouth is in Bremen-Vegesack in the river Weser.
 The Brațul Șoimului River is a tributary of the Şoimu in Romania.
 Honeoye Lake (/ˈhʌni.ɔɪ/ honey-oy) is a Seneca word translated as a lying finger or where the finger lies. is one of the Finger Lakes of New York State in the USA. The lake is in Ontario County. Most of the lake is within the town of Richmond but a smaller southwestern part is in the town of Canadice. The hamlet of Honeoye is just north of the lake.Honeoye Lake is the second smallest of the Finger Lakes and is located to the west of the major lakes.
 Lake Bafa or Lake Bafa Nature Park (Turkish: Bafa Gölü Tabiat Parkı) is a lake and a nature reserve situated in southwestern Turkey part of it within the boundaries of Milas district of Muğla Province and the northern part within Aydın Province's Söke district. The lake used to be a gulf of the Aegean Sea until the Classical period when the sea passage was gradually closed by the alluvial mass brought by Büyük Menderes River.
 Wislicenus Crater is an impact crater in the Sinus Sabaeus quadrangle of Mars at 18.4° south latitude and 348.6° west longitude. It is about 139 km in diameter and was named after Walter Wislicenus a German astronomer (1859–1905).
 Beinn a' Chaolais (Gaelic: mountain of the sound or strait) is the lowest peak of the Paps of Jura on the island of Jura Scotland. It stands at 733 metres above sea level and with over 300 metres of relative height is therefore a Graham.
 Crawford Lake is a lake in the Montreal River and Ottawa River drainage basins in Timiskaming District Ontario Canada. It is about 0.87 kilometres (0.5 mi) long and 0.62 kilometres (0.4 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 374 metres (1227 ft) about 7 kilometres (4 mi) southwest of the community of Gowganda.
 The Petac River or Petacu River is a tributary of the Demăcușa River in Romania.
 Figueroa Mountain is a summit in Santa Barbara County in the U.S. state of California. It is in the San Rafael Mountains part of the Transverse Ranges group of ranges. The mountain is located in Los Padres National Forest.Figueroa Mountain was named for a member of the well-known southern California family the most eminent of whom was José Figueroa governor of Alta California in 1833-35.
 Handies Peak elevation 14058 ft (4285 m) is a summit in the San Juan Mountains of southwest Colorado. The mountain is in the Handes Peak Wilderness Study Area managed by the Bureau of Land Management approximately 11.5 mi (18.5 km) northeast of Silverton in Hinsdale County.
 Mascardi Lake (Spanish: Lago Mascardi Spanish pronunciation: [ˈlaɣo masˈkarði]) is a lake in the lake region of northern Patagonia in Río Negro Province in Argentina. It is within the Nahuel Huapi National Park. The lake depression consists of several glacial valleys carved out along faults and Miocene valleys that were later dammed by moraines. The lake is named after Nicolás Mascardi a 17th-century Jesuit who missioned in the area.
 Chiqllarasu (Quechua chiqlla green Ancash Quechua rasu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized spelling Chicllarazo) Portugueza or Portuguesa is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5167 metres (16952 ft) high. It is situated in the Ayacucho Region Cangallo Province Paras District. Chiqllarasu lies between the villages Patawasi (Patahuasi) in the northwest and Kichkawasi (Quichcahuasi) in the southeast.
 Mount McBride is a mountain located on Vancouver Island British Columbia. It is 34 kilometres east of Gold River and 10 km (6 mi) northeast of Golden Hinde.Mount McBride is one of two peaks in British Columbia named for BC Sir Richard McBride. The other is Mount Sir Richard. There is a second Mount McBride named for another of that name elsewhere in BC and yet another in the Yukon. The first ascent is uncertain but may have been Leroy Stirling Cokely in 1926.
 Stuffley Knob is the tallest mountain in Johnson County Kentucky with a summit elevation of 1496 feet (456 m) above sea level. The summit is located about eight miles west of Paintsville at 37°46′59″N 82°55′13″W just off of U.S. Route 460.
 Bowman Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in the Foxe Basin by northeastern Foxe Peninsula off Baffin Island. The closest community is Cape Dorset situated 204 km (127 mi) to the south while Nuwata a former settlement is situated to the west.
 Granger Lake is a United States Army Corps of Engineers reservoir on the San Gabriel River in central Texas in the United States. The lake is located near the towns of Granger Texas and Taylor Texas in Williamson County. The dam lake and all adjacent property are managed by the Fort Worth District of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. The reservoir was officially impounded in 1980 and serves to provide flood control for the communities downstream.
 Bonigersee is a lake at Törbel in the canton of Valais Switzerland. Its surface area is 0.9 ha. The raised bog is listed in the Federal Inventory of Raised and Transitional Bogs of National Importance and the Federal Inventory of Amphibian Spawning Areas. Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Una River is a river of Pernambuco state in northeastern Brazil. The Una originates on the Borborema Plateau flows east and empties into the Atlantic Ocean near Barreiros. Its length is 290 km and its basin area is 6740 km2 of which 6263 km2 in Pernambuco. It flows through the towns São Bento do Una Altinho Palmares and Agua Preta.
 Chakrarahu (Quechua chakra little farm / field land sown with seed rahu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized spellings Chacraraju Chakraraju Chacrarrajo) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes range of Peru. It has an elevation of 6108 metres (20039 ft). Chakrarahu is situated in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Caraz District and in the Yungay Province Yungay District. It lies south and southeast of the mountain Pirámide.
 The Paltin River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 Abuna Yosef is a prominent mountain near the eastern escarpment of the Ethiopian Highlands. At 4260 metres (13976 ft) it is the 6th tallest mountain in Ethiopia and the 19th highest of Africa. It is located in the Lasta massif in the Semien Wollo Zone of the Amhara Region.A notable landmark on this mountain is the Church of Gennete Maryam a monolithic church which tradition reports was excavated during the reign of Yekuno Amlak.
 Jamaica Bay is located on the southern side of Long Island near the island's western end. The bay connects with Lower New York Bay to the west through Rockaway Inlet and is the westernmost of the coastal lagoons on the south shore of Long Island. Politically it is divided between the boroughs of Brooklyn and Queens in New York City with a small part touching Nassau County New York.The bay contains numerous marshy islands. Maps of the city as late as 1910 identify the bay as Grassy Bay.
 The Rock River is a 13.4-mile-long (21.6 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States flowing to Lake Michigan.
 The Tye River is a 35.4-mile-long (57.0 km) tributary of the James River in central Virginia in the United States. Originating on the eastern slope of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Nelson County and fed by the Piney and Buffalo rivers by way of the James River it is part of the watershed of the Chesapeake Bay.Although normally it is one of the more minor tributaries of the James River in August 1969 the Tye River was at the center of one of Virginia's worst natural disasters.
 Radduscher Kahnfahrt is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Amedee Mountains are a mountain range in Lassen County California.
 Bear Lake is a natural freshwater lake on the Utah-Idaho border in the Western United States. It is the second largest natural freshwater lake in Utah and has been called the Caribbean of the Rockies for its unique turquoise-blue color which is due to the reflection of limestone deposits suspended in the lake. Its water properties have led to the evolution of several unique species of fauna that occur only within the lake. Bear Lake is over 250000 years old.
 Levi-Civita is a lunar crater formation that lies on the far side of the Moon. It is located just to the southwest of the large walled plain Gagarin and nearly as close to the crater Pavlov to the south-southwest. To the northwest of Levi-Civita lies the smaller crater Pirquet.This is an eroded crater formation with smaller impacts along the rim and within the interior.
 Moreton Bay is a bay on the eastern coast of Australia 14 km from central Brisbane Queensland. It is one of Queensland's most important coastal resources. The waters of Moreton Bay are a popular destination for recreational anglers and are used by commercial operators who provide seafood to market.The Port of Brisbane coordinates large traffic along the shipping channel which crosses the northern section of the bay.
 The San Lorenzo River (Mexico) is a river of Mexico.
 The Hausei River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania.
 Cheekha Dar or The Outer Row is the local Kurdish name for the mountain currently thought to be the highest in Iraq. It is claimed to be 3611 metres high in the CIA World Factbook. It is 6 kilometres north of the village of Gundah Zhur and is on the border with Iran.It was climbed in November 2004 by English explorer Ginge Fullen who recorded a GPS reading of 3628 meters at the coordinates in the table to the right.
 The Fundata River is a tributary of the Valea Cetăţii River in Romania.
 The Valea de Izvoare River is a tributary of the Rătășel River in Romania.
 Marble Peak is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 33 km (21 mi) east of Gold River and 4 km (2 mi) southeast of Mount McBride.
 Echo Lake is a glacial tarn in the Ruby Mountains in Elko County in the northeastern part of the state of Nevada. It is located at the head of remote Echo Canyon at approximately 40°36.7′N 115°26.8′W and at an elevation of 9830 feet (2995 meters). It has an area of approximately 29 acres (11.7 hectares) and a depth of up to 155 feet (47 meters) making it both the largest and deepest lake in the Ruby Mountains.
 Cabin Creek is a 4.8-mile-long (7.7 km) stream in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is a tributary of the Appomattox River. It rises in Fort Lee and flows north into the western side of the city of Hopewell reaching the Appomattox River 3 miles (5 km) upstream of that river's confluence with the James River.
 Maiden Peak is a steep-sided shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon. It is the highest point in the 43-mile (69 km) distance between Mount Bachelor and Diamond Peak.
 Fatburen is a small lake in Tyresö Municipality south-east of central Stockholm Sweden. It is the last and easternmost lake within the Tyresån Lake System.The lake is roughly triangular in shape with its inflow from Albysjön in the southern corner and its outflow to Kalvfjärden in the north-eastern corner. It is separated from Albysjön by the peninsula Rävnäset a municipal nature reserve covering 27 ha.
 Lliwedd Bach is a top of Y Lliwedd in the Snowdonia National Park North Wales. It is the last top on the main ridge of Y Lliwedd the other being Y Lliwedd East Peak. A broad ridge at around 580m carries on northwards until the subsidiary summit of Gallt y Wenallt is reached. The summit is unmarked and offers good views of Y Lliwedd's cliffs Yr Wyddfa and Crib Goch.
 The Ciugheș River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Funtensee is a lake in the Steinernes Meer plateau in the Nationalpark Berchtesgaden Bavaria Germany located on the larger of the two sinkholes of the uvala known for record low temperatures up to 30°C (54°F) lower than the surrounding area. Its primary inflows are the Steingraben Stuhlgraben and Rennergraben.
 Marié River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Medicine Creek is a 96-mile-long (154 km) tributary of the Republican River in Nebraska. Medicine Creek’s confluence with the Republican River is about a half-mile east of Cambridge in Furnas County Nebraska.
 Hope Mills Lake also referred to as Hope Mills Lake #1 and by long-time citizens as The Pond was a lake in Hope Mills in Cumberland County North Carolina. Before it was a lake it was a mill pond which was fed by Little Rockfish Creek. The mill pond was created in 1839 near the Hope Mills Dam for the first cotton mill in the area. At the time the area was called Little Rockfish Village. In 2003 heavy rains caused the earthen dam to fail and the lake was unintentionally drained.
 Bickgraben is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Râul Murătoarei is a tributary to the Bâsca Chiojdului River in Romania.
 Walker Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 601.Walker Lake is east of D. O. Lee Peak and downstream of several other lakes including:Boulder LakeCirque LakeCove LakeGentian LakeHook LakeNeck LakeSapphire LakeSheep LakeSlide LakeSnow Lake↑
 The 23rd July Lake or Benghazi Lake (Arabic: بحيرة بنغازي أو بحيرة 23 يوليو‎) is a lagoon located between Benghazi's downtown and the Mediterranean Port of Benghazi. It covers an area of approximately 100 hectares (about 1000000 square metres).
 Aqchiqucha (Quechua aqchi hawk or sparrowhawk qucha lakehawk lake hispanicized spellings Acchicocha Achicocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Junín Region Huancayo Province Chongos Alto District. It is situated at a height of about 4591 metres (15062 ft) about 5 km long and 1.10 km at its widest point. Aqchiqucha lies south of the lake Yuraqqucha southeast of the lake Wich'iqucha northeast of the lake Warmiqucha and north of the lake Kanllaqucha.
 The Lake of the Cross is located in Upper Batiscanie in the municipality of Lac-Édouard in La Tuque (census division) in the administrative region the Mauricie in province of Quebec in Canada. Located about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) (by water) of Lac Édouard (Quebec) which is the head of Batiscan River the Lake of the cross is a segment of path of the Batiscan river near Triton Club.
 The river Khan is an ephemeral river crossing the Erongo region of central Namibia. It is the main tributary of the Swakop River and only occasionally carries surface water during the rain seasons in November and February/March.The Khan has its origin near the settlement of Otjisemba north-west of Okahandja. From there the river course passes westwards to the town of Usakos and further in south-western direction through the Namib desert.
 Batura II also known as Hunza Kunji or Peak 31 is a 7762-metre (25466 ft) high peak in the Batura Muztagh which is the westernmost subrange of the Karakoram range.
 Gratangen (Northern Sami: Rivtták) is a fjord in the municipality of Gratangen in Troms county Norway. The 23-kilometre (14 mi) long fjord is an arm off of the main Astafjorden. The municipality of Gratangen surrounds the fjord and is named after the fjord. The fjord is about 1 to 2 kilometres (0.62 to 1.24 mi) wide except for a very narrow 350-metre (1150 ft) wide point in the middle of the fjord where the village of Årstein is located.
 The Valea Țapului River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
 Plover Cove Reservoir (Chinese: 船彎淡水湖 Cantonese Pingyam: Syun4 Waan1 Taam2 Soeyu2 Wu4) located within Plover Cove Country Park in the northeastern New Territories is the largest reservoir in Hong Kong in terms of area and the second-largest in terms of volume. It was the first in the world to construct a lake from an arm of the ocean. Its main dam was one of the largest in the world at the time of its construction disconnecting Plover Cove from the sea.
 The Pambar River originates in the Anaimudi Hills in Idukki District of Kerala state in South India.
 Curtis is a tiny lunar crater that lies in the western Mare Crisium to the east of the crater Picard. It is a circular cup-shaped formation that is otherwise undistinguished.In the past it was designated Picard Z before it was assigned an eponym by the IAU.
 Hattie Lakes is a lake of Guysborough District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Mount Confederation is a mountain located north of Gong Lake in the Athabasca River Valley of Jasper National Park Canada. The mountain was named in 1927 by Alfred J. Ostheimer after the Fathers of Confederation.
 The Strâmba River is a tributary of the Valea Cornetului River in Romania.
 Sinclair Pass (el. 1486 m or 4875 ft) is a high mountain pass in Kootenay National Park between the Columbia and Kootenay Rivers to the northeast of present-day Radium Hot Springs in the province of British Columbia Canada. It was named after James Sinclair.
 Las Tinajas de Los Indios or Indian Tanks are tinajas located in the sandstone heights of the Point of Rocks on the north side of Antelope Valley in Kern County California.
 The Scharfenstein is a 462.4 m above sea level high hill spur of the Eichberg-Süd (486.4 m) in the Harz Mountains of Germany near the town of Wernigerode in the county of Harz in Saxony-Anhalt.
 Treppenhauer is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 This article focuses on the part of the Alps and Pré-Alps that is located in North-Eastern Switzerland. This region is bordered by: Lake Lucerne in the south-west; the Klausen Pass upper Linth valley and Lake Walen in the south; the Rhine valley in the east; Lake Constance in the north.
 Lake Liscia (Italian: Lago Liscia) is an artificial lake in northern Sardinia Italy located between the municipalities of Sant'Antonio di Gallura Luras Arzachena and Luogosanto in the Gallura region.With a capacity of 105 million cubic metres of water it is the principal reservoir in north eastern Sardinia.The dam constructed in 1964 is 65 metres wide.
 The Cumberland River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It arises in the Otway Ranges and it enters Bass Strait to the east of Cape Otway and to the south of the town of Lorne.The river was probably named by Surveyor George Smythe in 1846 either for the Duke of Cumberland or for the schooner Cumberland in which Charles Grimes explored Port Phillip and King Island in 1802 - 03.
 Mount Recheshnoi (also spelled Recheschnoi) is a heavily eroded stratovolcano located near the center of the SW lobe of Umnak Island in the Aleutian Islands of Alaska.The northeast flank of Recheshnoi has one of the hottest and most extensive thermal areas in Alaska. The Geyser Bight geothermal area consists of six zones of thermal springs and two fumarolic areas along upper Geyser Creek and contains the only known geysers in the state.
 Crooked Creek is a tributary of the Allegheny River in both Armstrong and Indiana counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.Several covered bridges span the stream and its tributaries in Indiana County. The Thomas Covered Bridge crosses Crooked Creek in Armstrong Township. The Harmon's Covered Bridge crosses the South Branch Plum Creek and the Trusal Covered Bridge crosses Plum Creek tributaries of Crooked Creek in Washington Township.
 Calar Alto is the highest peak (2168 m over sea level) in the Sierra de Los Filabres a mountain chain in Andalusia Spain.
 The Đồng Nai river (sông Đồng Nai About this sound listen) is a river in Vietnam that originates in the Central Highlands region of the southern portion of the country. It is approximately 586 km in length. It gives its name to Đồng Nai Province.
 Liechelkopf is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Balaura River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Balaura Mare and Balaura Mică
 Long Knoll (grid reference ST794376) is a 34.2 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in the west of the English county of Wiltshire notified in 1971.Long Knoll is a ridge of chalk grassland some 1.5 km long. It forms the parish boundary between Kilmington to the south and Maiden Bradley to the north.The ridge is 288m above sea level at its highest point. It is possible to view King Alfred's Tower Cranmore Tower the Black Mountains and Glastonbury Tor on clear days.
 Muckle Water is a long narrow fresh water loch on Ward Hill on Rousay Orkney Scotland. It is the biggest loch on the island and is popular for fishing. It can be reached by a track from the roadside. The Suso Burn on the north eastern shore drains the loch in to the Sound of Rousay.
 Marka is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Waingawa River is a river of the Wellington and Manawatu-Wanganui Regions of New Zealand's North Island. A major tributary of the Ruamahanga River it flows generally southeast from its origins close to The Mitre the highest peak of the Tararua Range. The Waingawa flows through the western suburbs of the city of Masterton and reaches the Ruamahanga 10 kilometres southeast of Carterton.
 The Monts Otish (Otish Mountains) are a range of tall hills in the geographic center of Quebec Canada north of Lac Mistassini and Manicouagan Reservoir. Within the tall hills is the Réserve faunique des Lacs-Albanel-Mistassini-et-Waconichi.
 Sildemower See is a lake in the Rostock district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 13.2 m its surface area is 0.121 km².
 River Skirfare is a small river in North Yorkshire England that flows through Littondale and ends where it joins the larger River Wharfe. The source is the confluence of Foxup Beck and Cosh Beck at the hamlet of Foxup.
 The Ouricuri River is a river of Pernambuco state in Northeast Brazil.
 The Krivaja (Serbian Cyrillic: Криваја) is a river in northern Serbia. With the length of 109 km it is the longest river that flows completely within the borders of Serbian province of Vojvodina.
 The Valea Aurului River (also called Aurul River or Tărpiu River) is a tributary of the Rosua River in Romania.
 The Errinundra River is a perennial river of the Bemm River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Clear Boggy Creek also known as the Clear Boggy River is a 132-mile-long (212 km) creek in southeastern Oklahoma that is a tributary of Muddy Boggy Creek.
 Turó de Bellver is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1041 metres above sea level.
 Chaikovskij (sometimes Tchaikovsky) is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 165 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Chaikovskij is named for the Russian composer Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky who lived from 1840 to 1893.
 Mount Fairweather (officially gazetted as Fairweather Mountain in Canada but referred to as Mount Fairweather) is one of the world's highest coastal mountains at 4671 metres (15325 feet.) It is located 20 km (12 mi) east of the Pacific Ocean on the border of Alaska United States and western British Columbia Canada.
 Griffin Butte at 8411 feet (2564 m) above sea level is a peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest in Blaine County northwest of Ketchum. It is located in the watershed of the Big Wood River. It is about 1.75 mi (2.82 km) west of Idaho State Highway 75. No roads or trails go to the summit.
 The Bluhoaie River or Bluhoaia River is a tributary of the Bârzești River in Romania.
 Second Beaver Lake is a lake of Annapolis County Nova Scotia Canada.
 Wiembecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Coeur d'Alene River flows 37 miles (60 km) from the Silver Valley into Lake Coeur d'Alene in the U.S. state of Idaho. The stream continues out of Lake Coeur d'Alene as the Spokane River.
 The Aremberg is at 623 m above sea level the highest mountain in the Ahr Hills (German: Ahrgebirge) or Ahr Eifel (Ahreifel). It lies in the district of Ahrweiler Rhineland-Palatinate (Germany).
 Windy Pass elevation 9957 ft (3035 m) is a mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado. The pass is in the San Juan National Forest southwest of Wolf Creek Pass.
 Høgtunga i Lesja is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Tianzhu Mountain or Mount Tianzhu (Chinese: 天柱山; pinyin: Tiānzhù Shān; literally Heaven pillar mount) is a mountain in Anhui China. Tianzhu Mountain is also called Mount Wan (Chinese: 皖山; pinyin: Wǎn Shān) from which the provincial abbreviation for Anhui (Wan) derives. Ancient names of the mountain include Mount Huo 霍山 Mount Heng 衡山 (not to be confused with Mount Heng (Hunan)) and Taiyue 太岳. The mountain locates in Qianshan County Anqing City.
 Snow Lake is a lake in Lewis County Washington. It is within Mount Rainier National Park. It is in a glacial cirque below Unicorn Peak in the Tatoosh Range.
 Caurés River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Mount Tabor 1247 m (4091 ft) is a mountain 20 km (12 mi) east of Prince George British Columbia Canada adjacent to BC Highway 97.
 The Yarenga (Russian: Яренга) is a river in Ust-Vymsky District of Komi Republic and in Lensky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Vychegda River. The length of the river is 281 kilometres (175 mi). The area of its basin 5140 square kilometres (1980 sq mi). The principal tributaries are Vezhay River (left) and Uktym River (right).
 The Fintasa River is a river in the United States] territory of Guam.
 Kanas Lake (Chinese: 喀纳斯湖; pinyin: Kānàsī Hú) is a lake in Altay Prefecture Xinjiang China. The lake is located in a valley in the Altai Mountains near the very northern tip of Xinjiang and the province's borders with Kazakhstan Mongolia and Russia. The lake was formed around 200 000 years ago during the Quaternary period as a result of glacier movement.
 Schwarzer See is a lake at Zickhusen in the west of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 59.6 m its surface area is 0.06 km².
 Haute Loue (French meaning the Upper Loue) is a river in the Dordogne department of France. It is a tributary of the Loue which is a tributary of the Isle.The source of the river is in the commune of Angoisse. It empties into the Loue southwest of Lanouaille.
 Reuschberg (Spessart) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Col du Granon (el. 2413 m or 7917 ft) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Hautes-Alpes in France. A narrow tarmac road winds steeply up the southern approach. Gravel roads continue beyond the pass in a military training zone.[citation needed]It hosted the highest ever mountain-top stage finish in the Tour de France—once only—in 1986 until the 2011 Tour de France that had a finish in the Col du Galibier at 2645 m (8678 ft) of altitude.
 Nördliche Regnitz is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Jaru River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Cordillera Occidental (English: West Andes) is the lowest in elevation of the three branches of the Colombian Andes. The average altitude is 2000 m (6600 ft) and the highest peak is Cerro Tatamá at 4250 m (13940 ft). The range extends from south to north dividing from the Colombian Massif in Nariño Department passes north through Cauca Valle del Cauca Risaralda Chocó and Caldas Departments to the Paramillo Massif in Antioquia and Córdoba Departments.
 Dautphe is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Piz Lagalb is a mountain of the Livigno Alps ovelooking the Bernina Pass in the canton of located in Graubünden. In winter it serves as a ski area.
 The Fântâna River is a tributary of the Vişeu River in Romania. The Cascada Cailor waterfall claimed to be the highest waterfall in Romania is located on the upper reach of the river.
 The Madrisa (or Madrisahorn) is a mountain in the Rätikon mountain range overlooking Klosters in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. Its summit (2826 metres) is located near the Austrian border.The Madrisa is constituted by several secondary summits notably the Gargeller Madrisa (2770 metres) overlooking Gargellen in Austria.Ski lifts up to 2600 metres are located on the Klosters side.
 Crowders Mountain is one of two main peaks within Crowders Mountain State Park the other peak being The Pinnacle. The park is located in the western Piedmont of North Carolina between the cities of King's Mountain and Gastonia or about 25 miles (40 km) west of Charlotte. Crowders Mountain abruptly rises nearly 800 feet (240 m) above the surrounding terrain and has an elevation of 1625 feet (495 m) above sea level.
 Lake Narach (Belarusian: Нарач pronounced [ˈnaratʂ]; Russian: На́рочь; Polish: Narocz; Lithuanian: Narutis) is a lake in north-western Belarus (Myadzyel Raion Minsk Region) located in the basin of the Viliya river. It is the largest lake in Belarus (in 1921–39 it was the largest lake of Poland).Narach is a part of the Narach lake group (the others being Miastra (Belarusian: Мястра) Batoryn (Belarusian: Баторын) Blednaje (Belarusian: Бледнае)).
 Gomal Pass (Pashto: ګومل‎) is a mountain pass on the Durand Line between Afghanistan and the southeastern portion of South Waziristan in Pakistan's Federally Administered Tribal Areas. It takes its name from the Gomal River and is midway between the legendary Khyber Pass and the Bolan Pass.
 Mount Little Xuebaoding (Chinese: 雪宝顶; literally Snowy Treasure Peak; Tibetan name:Shar Dung Ri) is a mountain near the easternmost edge of the Tibetan Plateau in China. With an elevation of 5443 metres (17858 ft) it is the second highest peak of the Min Mountains.
 The Caciu River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 Gwannyongsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 739 metres.
 The Mamuaba River is a river of Paraíba state in western Brazil.
 The Rawson Plateau is an ice-covered plateau 15 miles (24 km) long and 3400 metres (11150 ft) high rising between the heads of Bowman Glacier Moffett Glacier and Steagall Glacier in the Queen Maud Mountains. It was mapped by the Byrd Antarctic Expedition (ByrdAE) 1928–30 and by the U.S. Geological Survey from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos 1960–64 and named for Kennett L. Rawson a contributor to the ByrdAE 1928–30 and a member of the ByrdAE 1933–35.
 The Kok River (Thai: แม่น้ำกก RTGS: Maenam Kok Thai pronunciation: [mɛ̂ːnáːm kòk]) flows in Southeast Asia.
 Bieber is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The River Irk is a river in North West England that flows through the northern suburbs of Manchester before merging with the River Irwell in the city centre.Rising to the east of Royton in Greater Manchester and running west past Chadderton and Middleton it became polluted and its course was extensively altered during the Industrial Revolution.
 Brush Creek or Rincon Creek is a tributary of Santa Rosa Creek in Sonoma County California. Brush Creek rises in the southern slopes of the Mayacamas Mountains within Sonoma County. The lower reach of the creek is a suburban medium density residential area in the city of Santa Rosa and that reach of Brush Creek has been restored during the 1990s under a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency grant to promote steelhead migration and spawning.
 Mount Okukane (奥鐘山 Okukane-yama) is a mountain located between the towns of Tateyama and Kurobe in Toyama Prefecture Japan. The mountain has an elevation of 1543 m (5062 ft). Mount Okukane rises dramatically between the Kurobe Gorge and the Haba Valley to form at 600 metres (2000 ft) one of the foremost sheer rock faces in Japan. The mountain is primarily composed of granite and is part of the Hida Mountains also known as the Northern Japan Alps.
 The Preakness Range is a range of the trap rock Watchung Mountains on the western edge of the Newark Basin in northern New Jersey. A large portion of this range is included in High Mountain Park Preserve offering miles of hiking trails with vistas overlooking New Jersey and New York City. The peaks of the Preakness Range the highest of the Watchung Mountains shelter endangered ecosystems including perched wetlands and rare trap rock glade communities.
 The Valea Orății River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Mount Bulla Bulla is a mountain in the Victorian Alps of the Great Dividing Range located within the Alpine National Park in the Australian state of Victoria.The mountain has an elevation of 906 metres (2972 ft) AMSL. The closest village is Thredbo New South Wales. At the base of the mountain the Deddick River forms its confluence with the Snowy River.
 The French River is a river in south-central Massachusetts and northeastern Connecticut USA.The river rises near Leicester Massachusetts and flows generally southwards through Auburn Oxford and Dudley; it then enters Connecticut where it joins the Quinebaug River at Thompson just northeast of Putnam.
 The Matterhorn Glacier (German: Matterhorngletscher) is a glacier of the Pennine Alps located at the base of the north face of the Matterhorn south of Zermatt. It has a maximum width of approximately 2.5 km and reaches a minimum height of 2800 metres. The glacier lies within the basin of the Zmutt Glacier.In 1865 following the first ascent of the Matterhorn four climbers died in a fall on the way down from the summit.
 The Han River (simplified Chinese: 汉江; traditional Chinese: 漢江; pinyin: Hàn Jiāng) is a left tributary of the Yangtze River (Cháng Jiāng) with a length of 1532 km (952 mi). Historically it was referred to as Hanshui (simplified Chinese: 汉水; traditional Chinese: 漢水; pinyin: Hànshuǐ) and the name is still occasionally used today.
 The White Kei River or Wit-Kei River (Afrikaans: Wit-Keirivier) is a river in the Eastern Cape South Africa. It originates north of Queenstown beginning its course as the Grootvleispruit river and eventually joining the Black Kei River to form the Great Kei River.The Xonxa Dam is located in the White Kei River. Presently this river is part of the Mzimvubu to Keiskama Water Management Area.
 The Cianavelle is a short mountain river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. It flows into the Cians near Rigaud. The Cianavelle flows through the communes of: Auvare Puget-Rostang Rigaud.
 Snota is a prominent mountain in the Trollheimen mountain range in the municipality of Surnadal in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is also the highest mountain in the municipality of Surnadal. It lies west of the mountain Trollhetta and north of the mountain Neådalssnota.
 Goldbach is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The River Cover is a river in the Yorkshire Dales in North Yorkshire England. The Yorkshire Dales Rivers Trust [1] has a remit to conserve the ecological condition of the River Cover. The river forms a limestone dale with ancient woodlands.
 Poerua River is the name of two rivers in the West Coast region of New Zealand's South Island.The northern Poerua River flows from Lake Poerua into the Crooked River which leads to Lake Brunner.The southern Poerua River flows from its headwaters in the Southern Alps to the Tasman Sea near Harihari. The river is a trout and salmon fishing location and its mouth is where it is met by the Hinatua River and is located roughly a kilometre south of the Wanganui River's mouth.
 Grey Glacier is a glacier in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field just west of the Cordillera del Paine. It flows southward into the lake of the same name.
 Namika La or Namika Pass (el. 3700 m or 12139 ft) Pillar of the Sky Pass is a high mountain pass in the Himalayas Zaskar Range in India along the Srinagar-Leh highway highway at 34°22′N 76°35′E.Namika La is one of two high passes between Kargil and Leh the other is the even higher Fotu La Pass.
 Zwicky is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the west of the crater Aitken and is attached to the western rim of Vertregt. Attached to the northern end of Zwicky is Heaviside. Zwicky is a considerably eroded formation with an irregular rim and interior.
 The Izvorul Băluțu is a tributary of the Goaţele River in Romania.
 Yawarmayu (Quechua yawar blood mayu river blood river hispanicized spelling Yahuarmayo) is a river in Peru located in the Puno Region Carabaya Province Ayapata District. It originates near the border of the districts Ayapata and Coasa. Its direction is mainly to the northwest where it meets Inambari River as a right affluent. The confluence is north of the village Yawarmayu (Yahuarmayo).
 The Volcanic Hills are a mountain range in Esmeralda County Nevada.
 Novato Creek is a stream in eastern Marin County California United States. It originates in highlands between Red Hill and Mount Burdell above the city of Novato California and flows 17 miles (27 km) before emptying into San Pablo Bay south of Petaluma Point.
 The Dobrovăț River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania.
 The Valea Orlei River is a tributary of the Ialomicioara River in Romania.
 Gavkhouni (Persian: گاوخونی Gāvkhūnĩ‎) also written as Gavkhuni or Batlaq-e-Gavkhuni located in central Iran east of city of Esfahan is the terminal basin of the Zayandeh River. Gavkhouni is a salt marsh with a salinity of 315‰ and an average depth of about 1 m. The salt marsh can dry up in summer. The Zayandeh River originates in the Zagros mountains and travels around 300km before terminating in Gavkhouni. Gavkhouni receives pollution from Esfahan and other urban sources.
 Schweinfe is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lake Wolsey is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 High Seat is a fell in the dale of Mallerstang Cumbria. With a summit at 709 metres it is the fourth highest fell in the Yorkshire Dales although outside the National Park after Whernside Ingleborough and Great Shunner Fell. It is in the north-western part of the Dales overlooking the deep trench of Mallerstang and is usually climbed from this side.To the south-east is Hugh Seat (whose summit is marked by Lady Anne's Pillar commemorating Sir Hugh de Morville).
 Doi Mae Tho (Thai: ดอยแม่โถ) also known as Doi Langka Luang (ดอยลังกาหลวง) or Doi Lang Ka (ดอยลังกา) is a mountain in Thailand part of the Khun Tan Range.The mountain rises in the SW of Wiang Pa Pao District Chiang Rai Province near the point where the limit of this province meets with Chiang Mai and Lampang Provinces. With a height of 2031 metres it is the highest point of the Khun Tan Range.Its summit is located less than 8 km to the SE of Route 118 between Chiang Mai and Chiang Rai.
 The Todirești River is a tributary of the Râul Oii in Romania.
 The Belgrano River is a river in Argentina.
 Fan Bwlch Chwyth is a peak in the Fforest Fawr section of the Brecon Beacons National Park and within the county of Powys.Its summit at 603m is marked by a trig point at OS grid ref SN 912217.
 The New River is a stream about 10 miles (16 km) long on the southern coast of the U.S. state of Oregon. It begins slightly north of Floras Lake and runs north behind a foredune until entering the Pacific Ocean. It is located about 8 miles (13 km) south of Bandon Oregon and 12 miles (19 km) north of Cape Blanco.
 Bears Ears Mountain is a (11820-foot (3600 m)) mountain located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Bears Ears Mountain is 1.32 mi (2.12 km) east of Mount Chauvenet and consists of two peaks which from a distance resemble the ears on a bear.
 The Unterberg is a 1187 m high wooded conical mountain peak above the Pillersee valley near St. Ulrich am Pillersee and St. Jakob im Haus Kitzbühel District in Austria.It stands out amongst the neighbouring and rather higher peaks (the Tannkogel (1289 m) Weißleiten (1400 m) and Grieslegg (1348 m) due to its regular shape and stands right on the transition from the gently rolling Kitzbühel Alps to the rugged Loferer Steinberge.
 For the Bald Eagle Creek in Blair County Pennsylvania see Bald Eagle Creek (Little Juniata River).Bald Eagle Creek is a 55.2-mile-long (88.8 km) tributary of the West Branch Susquehanna River mostly in Centre County Pennsylvania in the United States.Bald Eagle Creek runs through the Bald Eagle Valley at the foot of the Bald Eagle Mountain ridge to Lock Haven.The shorter Bald Eagle Creek (Little Juniata River) runs south in the valley from the same headlands near the Blair County/Centre County line terminating in the Little Juniata River in Tyrone.The main line of the Nittany and Bald Eagle Railroad short line runs along the full length of both Bald Eagle creeks. 
 The Ibare River is a river of Bolivia.
 Trindlemoss Loch Scott's / Scot's Loch or the Loch of Irvine was situated in a low lying area running from Ravenspark to near Stanecastle and down to Lockwards now represented only by the playing fields off Bank Street in the Parish of Irvine North Ayrshire Scotland. The loch was natural sitting in a hollow created by glaciation. The loch waters were progressively drained and in 1691 this was finally achieved.
 Mount Minto (previously Conical Hill) is a mountain located on northern Bell Peninsula Southampton Island in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada. From eastward it has a conical shape.It is named after Gilbert Elliot-Murray-Kynynmound 2nd Earl of Minto first Lord of the Admiralty.
 The River Dene is a small river in Warwickshire England. It is a tributary of the Avon which it joins at Charlecote Park. The headwaters of the River Dene rise on the western slopes of the Burton Dassett Hills and flow westward towards Kineton.
 The Guayanés River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Mount Yōrō (養老山 Yōrō-san) is a mountain located in the cities of Yōrō and Ōgaki Gifu Prefecture Japan. Its peak rises 859 m (2818 ft) and is the main peak in the Yōrō Mountains that stretch through the region. It was previously called Mount Tagei (多芸山 Tagei-yama).There is a large park with many attractions between the town of Yōrō and the mountain. From the park there are trails to the Yōrō waterfall and to the summit of the mountain.
 Rost is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southwestern part of the Moon to the southeast of the elongated formation Schiller. To the southeast of Rost is the larger crater Scheiner. West-southwest of this formation is the smaller Weigel.This crater is a circular formation with a low rim and a relatively featureless inner wall and interior floor. There are some tiny craterlets around the rim including one across the northwest wall and another on the inner wall to the south.
 Naafbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lago de Oviedo also known as Laguna de Oviedo is a saltwater lake in Jaragua National Park Pedernales Province Dominican Republic. It is approximately 25 km2 in area making it the second largest body of water in the Dominican Republic after Lake Enriquillo.Although receiving freshwater from the Bahoruco Mountain Range the lake is hypersaline due to sea water flowing into the lake through an underground system caused by a karstic depression.
 The Güpfi is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking Lungern in the canton of Obwalden. It lies on the range north of the Chingstuel between the Lungerersee and the Klein Melchtal.
 The Lake of the Arbuckles is a reservoir located in southern Oklahoma 8 miles (13 km) southwest of Sulphur in Murray County. The lake covers 2350 acres (950 ha) and is a principal water supply reservoir for the city of Ardmore some 30 mi (48 km) to the southwest. It also supplies water to the cities of Sulphur Davis Wynnewood and a large oil refinery near Wynnewood. The lake also provides flood control fish and wildlife habitat and recreation opportunities.
 El Potrero River (Rio El Potrero) is a medium streams in El Salvador. It is located at 13°20′N 88°41′W and has at least large to moderate quantities of fresh water year round especially from early May through October.
 Pic de Subenuix is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2950 metres (9678 ft) above sea level.
 Brearley Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester and a tributary of Hollingworth Brook. The original source was on Low House Moor but this has been diverted under the M62 Motorway to join Longden End Brook. The brook now originates at Syke and follows the original course.
 Titanbach is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Innerdalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Tynset in Hedmark county Norway. It is a significant part of the Orkla watershed.
 The Blouberg meaning Blue Mountain in Afrikaans is a range of mountains in Limpopo Province at the far north of South Africa. It is located in Blouberg Local Municipality Capricorn District.The Blouberg has traditionally been an important place for the Tswana people in the area. This rocky mountain range rises over a plateau averaging 900 m to the west of the western end of the Soutpansberg range.
 Great Carrs is a fell in the English Lake District. It stands above Wrynose Pass in the southern part of the District.
 The Pirapetinga River is a river of Rio de Janeiro and Minas Gerais states in southeastern Brazil.
 Crown Mountain sometimes called Ellison Peak is a mountain located in Strathcona Provincial Park on Vancouver Island in British Columbia.
 The Parbati River in Rajasthan India rises in hilly terrain near Chhawar village in the Sawai Madhopur district. It runs for 123 km and falls into the Gambhir River near Kharagpur in Dhaulpur District Rajasthan.
 For other mountains by this name see Mount Cleveland (disambiguation).Mount Cleveland is the highest mountain in Glacier National Park located in Montana United States. It is also the highest point in the Lewis Range which spans part of the northern portion of the Park and extends into Canada. It is located approximately 3 mi (4.8 km) southeast of the southern end of Waterton Lake and approximately 5 mi (8.0 km) south of the US/Canada border.
 The Arșița Lungă River is a tributary of the Agapia River in Romania.
 Carmichael is a lunar impact crater that is located along the eastern edge of the Sinus Amoris in the northeastern quadrant of the Moon's near side. It lies within a couple of crater diameters south-southwest of the smaller crater Hill. Further to the east-northeast is the prominent crater Macrobius. Carmichael was designated Macrobius A before being given its current name by the IAU.Carmichael is generally circular with a small floor at the middle of the sloping interior walls.
 Judge's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. Human remains dated to the late prehistoric period have been unearthed in the cave.
 Mount Hinokizukia Okumine (桧塚奥峰 Hinokizuka-okumine) is a 1420 m (4659 ft) mountain in Matsusaka Mie Japan.
 The Izvorul Malului River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 Wrottesley is a lunar impact crater that is attached to the west-northwestern rim of the larger crater Petavius and lies along the southeast edge of Mare Fecunditatis. It lies in the southeast part of the moon and appears somewhat foreshortened when viewed from the earth.This crater is generally circular in shape with a slight outward bulge to the south and a system of terraces lining the inner walls.
 The Da Pescaria River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Itaúna River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Frenchmans Cap is a prominent mountain in the Franklin-Gordon Wild Rivers National Park Western Tasmania Australia. It lies east of the West Coast Range and south-west of the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park. It was well known to Aborigines and one of its names was Mabarlek.
 The Palheiro River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Ha Ling Peak is a peak at the northwestern end of Mount Lawrence Grassi — a mountain located immediately south of the town of Canmore just east of the Spray Lakes road in Alberta's Canadian Rockies. It was previously named Chinaman's Peak but the name was changed to be less offensive.
 The Yeso River is a river of Chile.
 Taylor is a lunar crater that is located to the south-southwest of Delambre. To the east is the smaller crater Alfraganus and southeast of Taylor is Zöllner.The worn outer rim of Taylor is elongated in the north–south direction giving it an elliptical appearance. There is a break in the northern wall that forms a narrow valley and the southern rim is relatively low compared to the peak rim heights along the eastern and western sides.
 The Balomir River is a tributary of the Jiul de Vest River in Romania
 Zahlbach (Mergbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Summit Lake is a lake in the Unorganized North Part of Algoma District Ontario Canada. It is about 630 metres (2067 ft) long and 400 metres (1312 ft) wide lies at an elevation of 377 metres (1237 ft). The lake is in the Michipicoten River system in the Lake Superior drainage basin and is the source of the Lochalsh River. There are no primary inflows and the primary outflow is the Lochalsh River north towards St.
 The Ararandeua River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Mount Olympus in the U.S. state of Utah is one of the most prominent and recognizable mountains viewable from practically every location in the Salt Lake Valley. Mount Olympus is not the tallest peak along the Wasatch Front but its unusual form and location make it a popular hiking destination for locals. The mountain is situated immediately east of the center of the Salt Lake Valley (due east from Murray and Taylorsville).
 Monte Negrino is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Gailberg Saddle (German: Gailbergsattel) (el. 981 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Kärnten (or Carinthia).It connects Oberdrauburg in the north with Kötschach-Mauthen in the south. It leads to the Dolomites in the south.
 Pavana river (Pavna) is situated in the west of Maharashtra state India in the Pune District. It originates in the Western ghats. It is a tributary of Bhima river and merges in the Mula river in Pune city. It flows through Pune city and divides Pune City and Pimpri Chinchwad area. A dam is built on this river at Pavananagar called as the Pavananagar dam.
 Lily Lake is a small alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is just upstream of Redfish Lake and is named from the many water lilies that cover its surface. There is a trail leading from the southwest end of Redfish Lake to Lily Lake.Lily Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 The Spitzhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It lies east of Gsteig (Bern) and north of the Sanetsch lake (Valais). It belongs to the massif of the Wildhorn.
 The Fântânele River is a tributary of the Jijioara River in Romania.
 The Haloșul Ciubotaru River is a tributary of the Caşin in Romania.
 Bieke (Bigge) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lac des Chats (English: Lake of Cats) is a lake on the Ottawa River that forms the boundary between the provinces of Ontario and Quebec (Canada). It is formed by the Chats Falls dam and serves as the reservoir for the Chats Falls generating station. Most of the lake is located in Pontiac Regional County Municipality Quebec and in Renfrew County Ontario but the easternmost part (near the dam) lies in Ottawa Ontario and in Les Collines-de-l'Outaouais Regional County Municipality Quebec.
 The Pârâul lui Onăcai is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 The Harlem River is a navigable tidal strait in New York City USA that flows 8 miles (13 km) between the Hudson River and the East River separating the boroughs of Manhattan and the Bronx. Part of the current course of the Harlem River is the Harlem River Ship Canal which runs somewhat south of the former course of the river isolating a small portion of Manhattan (Marble Hill) on the Bronx side of the river.
 The River Ogmore (Afon Ogwr in Welsh) is a river in South Wales popular with anglers. It runs generally from north to south from the Ogmore Vale and Gilfach Goch past Bridgend and Ogmore. The River Ogmore rises at Craig Ogwr (527m) in the Ogmore Valley as the Ogwr Fawr before linking with the Ogwr Fach at Blackmill.
 The Uriurana River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Nith River is a river in Brant Oxford and Perth Counties and the Regional Municipality of Waterloo in Southwestern Ontario Canada. The Nith River empties into the Grand River at the town of Paris and is named after the River Nith in Scotland.
 Kleiner Wildenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lake Emily is a 235 Acre lake in Le Sueur County Minnesota
 Krebsbach (Nidder) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Sasso del Ferro is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 1062 metres above sea level.
 Blackdown or Black Down is the highest hill in the historic county of Sussex at 280 metres (919 feet) and is exceeded only to Walbury Hill and Leith Hill in southeastern England.It is also the highest point in the South Downs National Park. The pine and heather-covered slopes are owned by the National Trust and are a favourite walking spot. Blackdown has strong literary associations with the poet Alfred Lord Tennyson.
 The South Fork South Platte River is a tributary of the South Platte River approximately 45 miles (72 km) long in central Colorado in the United States. It is located near the headwaters of the South Platte in Park County Colorado and drains part of the intermontane grassland basin of South Park.
 The Nottely River is a river in the United States. The river originates in the Blue Ridge Mountains in northern Georgia. The river flows for 51.1 miles (82.2 km) into the artificial Hiwassee Reservoir in North Carolina. The Nottely River is dammed in Georgia creating Lake Nottely.
 San Francisco Creek is a river in Texas. It is a tributary of the Rio Grande.
 Gill Pinnacle (or Gill's Pinnacle) is an inselberg located in the far east of Western Australia on the Ngaanyatjarra Lands. It part of the Petermann Ranges. It consists of a dome-shaped hill surrounded by dense mulga; its top is bare rock. The hill has been useful as a landmark because it marks the location of one of the area's most reliable freshwater rockholes Gordon's Springs. This is located a few hundred metres to the north of the rock.
 The Chiltern Hills form a chalk escarpment in South East England. They are known locally as the Chilterns. A large portion of the hills was designated officially as an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty in 1965.
 Chinle Valley is a 65-mile (105 km) long valley located mostly in Apache County Arizona. Chinle Creek continues north into Utah to meet the San Juan River (Utah).Chinle Valley is defined by the course of Chinle Wash with the region as part of the high elevation Colorado Plateau.
 Lake Carmel is located in the Town of Kent New York United States. It takes its name from nearby Carmel and in turn the community surrounding the lake which accounts for much of Kent's population is named for it.It was created by developers in the early 20th century by damming the Middle Branch of the Croton River.
 The Langbathseen are two mountain lakes (Vorderer Langbathsee and Hinterer Langbathsee) in Upper Austria's part of the Salzkammergut 8 kilometers (5.0 mi) from Ebensee. Its excellent visibility makes the Vorderer Langbathsee a popular diving site.
 Zlatar (Serbian Cyrillic: Златар pronounced [zlǎtaːr]) is a mountain range in southwestern Serbia lying between towns of Prijepolje and Nova Varoš. Its highest peak is Golo brdo 1627 meters tall. It belongs to Stari Vlah group of Dinaric Alps. Zlatar is bounded by rivers Uvac Lim Mileševka and Bistrica and has a total of four artificial lakes – Zlatar Lake Radoinjsko Lake Uvac Lake and Potpeć.
 The Grand Gendarme is a minor summit on the Weisshorn north ridge in the Pennine Alps. Because of its small prominence it was included in the enlarged list of alpine four-thousanders.
 The Kagiano River is a river in the east part of Thunder Bay District in northwestern Ontario Canada. It is in the Lake Superior drainage basin and flows from an unnamed lake 38 kilometres (24 mi) south of the community of Longlac on Ontario Highway 11 to the Pic River 55 kilometres (34 mi) north northeast of the town of Marathon on Ontario Highway 17.
 The Devils Hole Hills are a mountain range in Nye County Nevada.
 The Țurlui River is a tributary of the Răchitiş River in Romania.
 Whale Lake is a lake in Cook County in what is known as the Arrowhead Region of northern Minnesota. It is within the Boundary Waters Canoe Area Wilderness of the Superior National Forest at the base of Eagle Mountain Minnesota's highest point. Two miles (3 km) from the nearest road Whale Lake is only accessible via the Eagle Mountain Hiking Trail from the south or the Brule Lake Trail from the north west.
 Upper Peoria Lake is a section of the Illinois River primarily between Peoria County and Woodford County Illinois United States. The lake runs from South Rome to Peoria Heights with Spring Bay and the Detweiller Marina area of Peoria near the middle. Just north of Peoria Heights it empties through a narrow part of the Illinois River into the smaller Peoria Lake sometimes called Lower Peoria Lake.
 The Sierra Estrella (O'odham: Komaḍk Maricopa: Vii Lyxa Yavapai: Wi:kchasa) is a mountain range located southwest of Phoenix Arizona. Much of the range falls within the Gila River Indian Reservation but 14400 acres (5800 ha) of BLM land is protected as the Sierra Estrella Wilderness.
 Tiefenbach (Wisper) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Nahuel Huapi Lake (Spanish: Lago Nahuel Huapí) is a lake in the lake region of northern Patagonia between the provinces of Río Negro and Neuquén in Argentina.
 Bärenstein is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Pârâul Curmăturii River is a tributary of the Mânăileasa River in Romania.
 The Izvoru Muntelui River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Lake Shafer is one of two reservoirs located in the Twin Lakes area of Monticello Indiana. It was created along with Lake Freeman in the 1920s when two dams were built outside of Monticello on the Tippecanoe River. It remains a popular recreational area and helps generate an estimated $70 million in tourism revenue for White County.
 The Shlina (Russian: Шлина) is a river in Firovsky Bologovsky and Vyshnevolotsky Districts as well as of the closed urban-type settlement of Ozyorny of Tver Oblast of Russia. It is a tributary of the Tsna River (technically of the Vyshny Volochyok Reservoir) and belongs to the drainage basin of the Neva and the Baltic Sea. It is 102 kilometres (63 mi) long and the area of its basin 2300 square kilometres (890 sq mi).
 Leinegraben (Leipzig) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Khindsi Lake is a lake near the city of Ramtek in the Nagpur district of India.Boating Watersports restaurant and resort is operated by Rajkamal Tourism and Olive Resorts at Khindsi lake.It is central India's largest boating center and amusement park with lakhs of tourists visiting every year.
 Lake Lenore (aka. Lenore Lake) is located in Grant County Washington. It is a 1670-acre (6.8 km2) lake formed by the Missoula Floods in the lower Coulee just north of the town of Soap Lake Washington. It is situated between Alkali Lake to the north and Soap Lake to the south. The lake is rather narrow but long.
 Grjothøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Conotton Creek (pronounced kah-NOT-en) is a tributary of the Tuscarawas River 38.7 miles (62.3 km) long in eastern Ohio in the United States. Via the Tuscarawas Muskingum and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 286 square miles (741 km²) in Carroll Harrison and Tuscarawas County Ohio. The source is at 1240 feet and the mouth is at 874 feet.
 Lomnický štít (Lomnický peak) is one of the highest and most visited mountain peaks in the High Tatras mountains of Slovakia. Connected by cable car [1] to Tatranská Lomnica its summit is 2634 metres above sea level making it the second highest peak in the High Tatras after Gerlachovský štít.The first ascent was made by local shoemaker and amateur miner Štefan Fábry around 1760-1790 but the first recorded ascent was made by the English traveler Robert Townson and guide on 16 August 1793.
 The Pârâul Beldii is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Cornetul and Mocirla
 The Ionian Sea (Greek: Ιόνιο Πέλαγος Greek pronunciation: [iˈonio ˈpelaɣos] Italian: Mar Ionio Italian pronunciation: [mar ˈjɔːnjo] Albanian: Deti Jon) is an elongated embayment of the Mediterranean Sea south of the Adriatic Sea. It is bounded by southern Italy including Calabria Sicily and the Salento peninsula to the west southern Albania to the north and west coast of Greece.All major islands in the sea belong to Greece.
 Lake Blouin (French: lac Blouin) is an ellipse shaped natural fresh water lake in the Abitibi-Témiscamingue Administrative Region Quebec Canada. The lake oriented on a southwest–northeast axis measures 13.5 km (8 mi) in length and has a maximum width of 2 km (1 mi). It is relatively shallow with a maximum depth of 30 m (98 ft) and is located just north of the city of Val-d’Or Quebec. It is fed by the Bourlamaque and Senneville rivers and is the headwater of the Harricana River.
 Lily Lake is a lake that is somewhat rectangular and it has a small cove on its western side. It is contained within the Lily Lake Golf Resort which is a private retirement golf community along US Highway 27. The lake is about 2 miles (3200 m) southwest of Frostproof Florida. Lily Lake has a 9.78-acre (39600 m2) surface area. This lake is manmade possibly being dredged or excavated. It has part of the community's nine-hole golf course along part of its shore.
 Fiskeløysvatnet or Fisklausvatnet (Lule Sami: Guoledisjávrre) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Saltdal in Nordland county Norway. The 2.28-square-kilometre (0.88 sq mi) lake is located inside Junkerdal National Park about 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) south of the border with Fauske.
 Furnace Pond is a 107-acre (0.43 km2) pond in Pembroke Massachusetts. The pond is located southeast of Oldham Pond which is connected to Furnace Pond by an inlet and east of Great Sandy Bottom Pond.The maximum depth is nine feet. The pond is a Class A Public Water Source for the Brockton Water Commission. Water from this pond is diverted into Silver Lake through Tubbs Meadow Brook the pond's outflow whenever there is a water shortage there.
 The Kahlersberg is a 2350 metre high mountain in the Northern Limestone Alps (Hagengebirge) in the Berchtesgaden Alps on the border between Germany (Bavaria) and Austria (Salzburg).From the west a steep marked climb (Route 496) runs through the so-called Mausloch (Mousehole) to the summit.The summit can also be reached along the Eisenpfad (Iron Path) a path which approaches from the southwest from the Landtal valley is very steep in places and has old markings.A trackless descent variant runs from the Fensterl a wind gap with a striking small pit (in the right of the picture; the fourth wind gap left of the summit) northwards and down into the bowl between the Kahlersberg and the Hochseeleinkopf. 
 Mount Lister is a massive mountain 4025 metres (13200 ft) high forming the highest point in the Royal Society Range of Victoria Land Antarctica. It was discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901–04) which named it for Lord Joseph Lister President of the Royal Society 1895–1900.
 Malir River (Urdu: ملير ندی‎) is located in Karachi Sindh Pakistan. Malir River passes through the city of Karachi from North East to the Centre and drains into the Arabian Sea. Malir river is one of the two rivers passing through Karachi and the other is Lyari River. It has two main tributaries the Thadho and the Sukhan.In the rainy season this river experiences heavy water flow with millions of gallons emptying into the Arabian Sea.
 The Wonnangatta River is a perennial river of the Mitchell River catchment located in the Alpine and East Gippsland regions of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Cărbunele River or Valea Cărbunelui River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Čik or Čiker (Serbian Cyrillic: Чик or Чикер; Hungarian: Csík-ér Croatian: Čik or Čiker) is a river in northern Serbia. A 95 km-long right tributary to the Tisa river it flows entirely within the Bačka region of Vojvodina province.The Čik springs out in the northwestern part of the Subotička Peščara between the village of Tavankut and the city of Subotica near the Hungarian border at an altitude of 128 m.
 The Tacaniça River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Slocan Lake is a lake in the Slocan Country of the West Kootenay region of the Southeastern Interior of British Columbia Canada. it is drained by the Slocan River which flows south from the lake's foot at Slocan City through the Slocan Valley to South Slocan British Columbia where that river meets the Kootenay River a few miles above its confluence with the Columbia.
 The Scharfenstein (English: Sharp Stone) is a rock and about 25 metres high situated in the Lusatian Mountains. It sits on a mountain with an elevation of 569 metres in the German southeastern state of Saxony. Due to its distinctive shape it is also called the Upper-Lusatian Matterhorn by the locals. The rock can be accessed via ladders and a staircase from the south and is one of the most famous look-outs in the Zittau Mountains.
 The Whitehorse Mountains are a mountain range in Siskiyou County California.
 Mulayit Taung also known as Muleh Yit is a mountain of the Dawna Range. It is located towards the southern end of the range in Kayin State Burma 12 km to the NNW of the border with Thailand. The Tenasserim White-bellied Rat (Niviventer tenaster) the Silver-eared Laughingthrush (Trochalopteron melanostigma) and the Grey-sided Thrush (Turdus feae) a vulnerable species are found in the Mulayit Taung area.
 Zumar Lake is a lake in Kenora District Ontario Canada and the source of the Ekwan River which flows into James Bay. It is about 3.7 kilometres (2.3 mi) long and 1.5 kilometres (0.9 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 239 metres (784 ft). The lake is just 8 kilometres (5 mi) northeast of part of the North Channel outlet from Attawapiskat Lake the source of the Attawapiskat River which also flows into James Bay.
 Flagstone Peak (13440 ft (4100 m)) is located in the Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is the 13th highest summit in Wyoming. The summit is located in Shoshone National Forest and the Heap Steep Glacier lies on the north slopes of the mountain.
 Bannister River is a river in the South West region of Western Australia.The river rises to the east of North Bannister and flows in a southerly direction discharging into the Hotham River near Boddington.The river was named after Captain Thomas Bannister who was the first European to discover the river in 1830 by Surveyor General John Septimus Roe in 1832.
 Little Blitzen River is a 12.5-mile (20.1 km) tributary of the Donner und Blitzen River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Little Blitzen River rises on the west flank of Steens Mountain about 20 miles (32 km) southeast of Frenchglen and about 70 miles (110 km) south of Burns in Harney County.
 Pick Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. It is shaped like a pickaxe is about 1000 metres (3281 ft) long and 400 metres (1312 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 399 metres (1309 ft) about 18.5 kilometres (11.5 mi) northwest of the community of Schreiber. The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to an unnamed lake on the Whitesand River between Demijohn Lake and Gumboot Lake.
 Piz Chalchagn (3154 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps located south of Pontresina in the canton of Graubünden. It lies at the northern end of the range north of La Spedla and culminating at Piz Bernina.
 Wiriagar River is a river in southern West Papua Indonesia.
 The Little Hocking River is a small tributary of the Ohio River 18.4 miles (29.6 km) long in southeastern Ohio in the United States. Via the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 102 square miles (260 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 The Valea Fântânelor River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Cathole Mountain 515 feet (157 m) is the lowest peak in the trap rock Hanging Hills of Meriden Connecticut. The rugged southern ledges of the mountain rise steeply 150 feet (46 m) above the city of Meriden. The mountain is separated from South Mountain by the narrow rocky Cathole Pass through which Connecticut Route 71 ascends. The mountain consists of two prominences the southern ledges 341 feet (104 m) and the main peak one mile to the north.
 The Şirod River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
 Geumjeongsan (or Geumjeong Mountain) is a mountain in the city of Busan in South Korea. It covers a large surface that extends into Dongnae-gu in the south Buk-gu in the west Geumjeong-gu in the east and the city of Yangsan in the north. Its highest peak Godang-bong the highest peak in the region stands at 801.5 meters on the city limit between Busan and Yangsan.Geumjeongsan is the city's most popular hiking destination and thousands of people climb it during the week-ends.
 Lac de Goria is a lake in Corsica France. At an elevation of 1852 m its surface area is 0.04 km².
 The Lhagba Pool is the highest lake in Tibet and the second-highest lake in the world behind an unnamed crater lake on Ojos del Salado. The Pool has an altitude of 6368 metres (20892 ft).It is located on the slopes of Mount Everest at a distance of approximately one kilometer southwest of Lhagba La pass. It is west of Lhagba Ri and six kilometers from the summit of Mount Everest. Its dimensions are approximately 180 by 50 metres (590 ft × 160 ft).
 The Lilburne River is a river of northern Canterbury New Zealand. Formerly known as the Lillburn River its spelling was corrected in 2003. It rises in the Puketeraki Range flowing south then east to join Ashley River/Rakahuri.
 The Râul Peștelui is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 The Sumanda River is a tributary of the Beregsău River in Romania.
 The Rusu River is a tributary of the Valea lui Manole River in Romania.
 Bever is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 White Cap Mountain is a mountain located in Piscataquis County Maine. White Cap Mtn. is flanked to the east by Hay Mountain to the south by Big Spruce Mountain and to the southeast by Little Spruce Mountain.White Cap Mountain lies within the watershed of the Pleasant River a tributary of the Piscataquis River which drains into the Penobscot River and into Penobscot Bay.
 Adams Lake is a large deep coldwater lake. The southern end of the lake is approximately 30 km (19 mi) north of the town of Chase in the Shuswap Country region of British Columbia Canada. The lake's upper reaches lie in the northern Monashee Mountains while its lower end penetrates the Shuswap Highland.The lake is 63 km (39 mi) long and between 1.6 km and 3.2 km (1 to 2 miles) wide. The surface elevation is 404 meters (1326 feet) above sea level.
 Salzersgraben is a tributary of the Erlenbach river in Bavaria Germany. It originates north of Rottenberg near Aschaffenburg. It travels north and feeds into some fish ponds widening before hitting the Erlenbach.
 not to be confused with the nearby French Lake ReservoirFrench Meadows Reservoir is a manmade lake 36 miles (58 km) northeast of Foresthill California United States on the Middle Fork of the American River. The reservoir is 2.9 miles (4.7 km) long 0.6-mile (0.97 km) wide with 7.3 miles (11.7 km) of shoreline.Tahoe National Forest manages the recreational facilities which include five campgrounds two group campgrounds and two paved boat launch ramps.
 The Catamayo River is a river of Ecuador.
 South Fork Swan River is a tributary of the Swan RIver in Summit County Colorado. The stream flows northwest from a source near Georgia Pass in the Arapaho National Forest to a confluence with the Middle Fork Swan River that forms the Swan River.
 Lake Siskiyou is a reservoir formed by Box Canyon Dam on the Sacramento River in far northern California near the town of Mount Shasta California. It is the site of local recreation as well as being used for watershed protection and flood control.
 Boeunsan is the name of a mountain in Gangjin county Jeollanam-do province South Korea. Its highest point is at Udubong (우두봉) 439 meters. Boeunsan is north of Gangjin-eup in Gangjin county and runs parallel to National Route 2. Boeunsan is a popular area for hiking among locals in Gangjin. There are three courses the longest of which is roughly 6 km. There are three Buddhist temples in the foothills most notably Geumgoksa.
 The Meta River is a major left tributary of the Orinoco River in eastern Colombia and western Venezuela South America. It is formed in the Meta Department Colombia by the confluence of the Humea Guatiquía and Guayuriba rivers. It flows east-northeastward across the Llanos Orientales plains of Colombia through an ancient fault.
 The Semme (French: la Semme) is a 50.3 km long river in the Creuse and Haute-Vienne départements central France. Its source is in Saint-Priest-la-Feuille. It flows generally west and is a right tributary of the Gartempe into which it flows near le Bouchard a hamlet in the municipality of Droux.
 Pico Turquino is the highest point in Cuba. It is located in the southeast part of the island in the Sierra Maestra mountain range in the municipality of Guamá Santiago de Cuba Province.
 The River Fergus (Irish: An Forghas) is a river in County Clare Ireland. It rises in Loughnagowan which lies a few kilometers west of Corofin and flows into the Shannon Estuary. It is noted for its trout and salmon fishing. Trummer is an island in the river. There are six bridges crossing it in Ennis alone.
 The Second East Branch Magalloway River is a 3.5-mile-long (5.6 km) river in northwestern Maine. It is a tributary of the Magalloway River part of the Androscoggin River watershed.
 Goat Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 6 miles (9.7 km) southwest of Stanley. The lake is most easily accessed from the Iron Creek trailhead which can be accessed from State Highway 21 via Sawtooth National Forest road 619.The route to lake follows a combination of the Iron Creek trail Alpine Way trail and an unmaintained hiker's trail to Goat Lake.
 Gakkeulsan is a mountain in South Korea. Its area extends across the city of Pocheon Gyeonggi-do and the county of Cheorwon in Gangwon-do. Gakkeulsan has an elevation of 838 m (2749 ft).
 Lake Galvė is a lake in Trakai Lithuania. It has 21 islands and one of them houses Trakai Island Castle. Trakai Peninsula Castle is located on its southern shore. There are ruins of the little Orthodox church in Bažnytėlė Island. The lake and most of the other lakes surrounding the castle and city have myths and legends connected to them of which most contain a tragic love story. The lakes and castle are therefore also said to be haunted.
 River Dulais (Welsh: Afon Dulais) is a river of Wales which has its source at Mynydd y Drum. It joins the River Neath after flowing over Aberdulais Falls.
 Jabal Mulfirah is a hill in Fujairah.
 The Belareca River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Schwarzer Schöps is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Mount Norikura (乗鞍岳 Norikura-dake) is a potentially active volcano located on the borders of Gifu and Nagano prefectures in Japan. It is part of the Hida Mountains and is listed among the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains and the New 100 Famous Japanese Mountains.
 The Suhărzelu Mare River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Chalana River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 The Pârâul Rece is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Großer Arbersee is a lake in Bayerischer Wald Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 935 m its surface area is 7.7 ha.
 Hoher Brendten is a mountain in Bavaria Germany.
 Chestnut Hill Reservoir is a reservoir created in 1870 on existing marshes and meadowland to supplement the city of Boston's water needs. It is surrounded by Chestnut Hill a neighborhood which consists of parts of Boston Brookline and Newton. The reservoir though is located entirely within the city limits of Boston. A 1.56 mile jogging loop abuts the reservoir.
 Bull Run Lake is a reservoir an impoundment of the Bull Run River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Providing part of the primary drinking water supply for Portland Oregon it rates highly as an oligotrophic lake a very clean source of water.The lake basin receives more than 110 inches (2800 mm) of rain annually due to its location in the Cascade Range about 9 miles (14 km) west of Mount Hood.
 The Buranhém River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Piz Surgonda is a mountain of the Albula Alps located north of the Julier Pass in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range surrounding the Val Bever east of Piz d'Agnel.Piz Surgonda is composed of two summits of almost equal height: the western summit (3193 m) and the eastern summit (3196 m).
 Elk River is a 34.2-mile-long (55.0 km) stream in Colorado. It flows from a confluence of the North Fork Elk River and Middle Fork Elk River in Routt National Forest north of Steamboat Springs to a confluence with the Yampa River.
 Storelk Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1915.
 Maple Lake (Pictou) is a lake of Pictou County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Rio Grande de Mindanao also known as the Mindanao River is the second largest river system in the Philippines after the Cagayan River of Luzon. It is the largest river on the southern island of Mindanao with a drainage area of 23169 km2 (8946 sq mi) draining majority of the central and eastern portion of the island. It is also the second longest river in the country with a length of approximately 373 km (232 mi).
 Aursjøen is a lake in Norway on the border between Lesja Municipality in Oppland county and Nesset Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county. The 36.38-square-kilometre (14.05 sq mi) lake sits at an elevation of 856 metres (2808 ft) above sea level and is about 70.67 kilometres (43.91 mi) around. The lake was dammed up in 1953 to provide water for the Aura power station. It flooded together with the nearby lake Gautsjøen.
 Whitehill Loch (NS 49240 33240) previously known as Hillhouse Loch was a freshwater loch in the East Ayrshire Council Area now drained near Galston in the Parish of Riccarton lying in a glacial Kettle Hole.
 The Fiúza River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Neagra River is a tributary of the Bicaz River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Neagra Mare and Neagra Mică
 The Vanil Carré (or Pra de Cray) is a mountain in the western Bernese Alps located on the border between the cantons of Fribourg and Vaud. It lies on the massif separating the valleys of Gruyère and Pays d'Enhaut which culminates at the Vanil Noir.
 Hoyts Pond is a 16-acre (65000 m2) pond in the southern part of South Pond village in Plymouth Massachusetts USA within the Eel River watershed southeast of Boot Pond southwest of Island Pond and northeast of Myles Standish State Forest. The inflow is Gunners Exchange Pond which is connected to Hoyts Pond.
 The Nakhon Si Thammarat Range (Thai: ทิวเขานครศรีธรรมราช Thio Khao Nakhon Si Thammarat [tʰiw kʰǎw náʔkʰɔːn sǐː tʰammarâːt]) is a mountain range on the Malay peninsula in southern Thailand running in a north-south direction. This mountain chain is also sometimes named Banthat Range (ทิวเขาบรรทัด) a name which is however also used to refer to the Chanthaburi mountain range.
 The Newfoundland Mountains are a 20-mile (32 km) long mountain range located in southern Box Elder County Utah. The range is the only 'island' mountain range encircled by the Great Salt Lake Desert salt flat. Other ranges protrude into the desert salt flat the Silver Island and Dugway Ranges being the premiere examples.
 Coolongolook River a watercourse of the Great Lakes system is located in the Mid North Coast district of New South Wales Australia.
 Y Mountain is located directly east of Brigham Young University (BYU) in Provo Utah United States. The Slide Canyon/Y Mountain Trail leads to a large block Y located 1.2 miles (1.9 km) from a parking area at the mountain's base. This hillside letter was built over a hundred years ago as the insignia for BYU.
 Little Long Pond is a 19-acre (77000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts north of Long Pond and Gallows Pond. The outflow of this pond is a stream that feeds into Long Pond.There is another Little Long Pond partially within Plymouth's borders located east of the southeasternmost point of Myles Standish State Forest.
 Mount Odin is a mountain in British Columbia Canada. The mountain was likely named by George Dawson as his map contains the earliest known appearance of the name.
 The Seimare is a river in southwestern Iran formed by the confluence of the Ghareh Soo and Gamasyab Rivers. The Seimare Dam is located on its lower course before its confluence with the Karkheh River.
 The Fetița River is a tributary of the Voievodu River in Romania.
 The Geum River is located in South Korea. Sometimes labeled as the Kum River it is a major river that originates in Jangsu-eub North Jeolla Province. It flows northward through North Jeolla and North Chungcheong Provinces and then changes direction in the vicinity of Greater Daejeon and flows southwest through South Chungcheong Province before emptying into the Yellow Sea near Gunsan city.The river is 401 kilometres (249 mi) long making it the third longest in South Korea.
 The Luica River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 Piz Bleis Marscha is a mountain of the Albula Alps located in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. It is located south of Piz Ela on the range between Savognin and Bergün.
 The Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Costeşti River in Romania.
 Piz Cartas is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps located west of Savognin in the canton of Graubünden.
 The Ghergheanoș River is a tributary of the Oituz River in Romania.
 Brae Bay (previous alternate: Broe Bay) is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in Baffin Bay by northern Devon Island. Directly to the north is the Inuit community of Grise Fiord on Ellesmere Island.
 Lake Tikitapu or Blue Lake is the smallest of four small lakes lying between Lake Rotorua and Lake Tarawera in the Bay of Plenty region of New Zealand's North Island. The others are Lake Rotokakahi (Green Lake) Lake Okareka and Lake Okataina.Along with the others Lake Tikitapu lies within a volcanic caldera formed within the last 300000 years. The blue colour of the lake can be attributed to rhyolite and pumice on the lake bed.
 The Banagui River is a tributary of the Desnățui River in Romania.
 The Sac River is a river in southwest Missouri. It is 118 miles (190 km) long with headwaters in Lawrence and Greene counties; the headwaters join near Greenfield then flow north through the Ozarks to the Osage River ending just above Osceola in Truman Reservoir.Large portions of the Sac River and the Little Sac River are inundated by Stockton Lake.The Big Eddy Site an archaeological dig is along the Sac River within Cedar County.
 The Furkelpass is a mountain pass in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Nissequogue River is an 8.3-mile (13.4 km) long river flowing from Smithtown New York into the Long Island Sound.Its discharge of 42.2 cubic feet (1.19 m3) a second is the most of any of the freshwater rivers on Long Island.The river like all other freshwater rivers on the island is totally derived from groundwater (not from lakes).Its name is derived from one of the Algonquian-speaking Nissequaq tribe in the area.The river begins at Caleb Smith Park in Smithtown (where special regulation trout fishing is available) and flows to Kings Park New York. 
 Tomaros (Greek: Τόμαρος also Ολύτσικας - Olytsikas or Tmaros) is a mountain in southwestern Ioannina regional unit Greece. Rising to the south of the archaeological site of Dodona it is part of the Pindus mountain range. Its maximum elevation is 1974 m. The nearest mountains are the Xerovouni to the southeast and the Souli Mountains to the southwest. There are forests in the lower areas the highest areas consist of dry grasslands.
 The Hahnen is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking Engelberg in the Swiss canton of Obwalden. It has an elevation of 2606 metres above sea level.
 The Valea Păzăciunii River is a tributary of the Tâșla River in Romania.
 Lac d'Aygue Rouye is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 1595 m its surface area is 0.01 km².
 The Rhonestock is a mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Valais and Uri. It lies south of the Dammastock between the Rhone Glacier and the Damma Glacier. The mountain is composed of two summits: the Hinterer Rhonestock (3589 m) and the Vorderer Rhonestock (3566 m).
 Freibach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Peleșel River is a tributary of the Peleş River in Romania.
 The Noord (North) is a short tidal river in the western Netherlands.It starts at the city of Dordrecht where the Beneden Merwede river forks into the Oude Maas and the Noord. It joins the Lek at the city of Ridderkerk and Kinderdijk and the combined stream is thereafter known as the Nieuwe Maas. The distance is about 9 km. The direction of its water flow dependents on the tides. The Noord River separates IJsselmonde island from Alblasserwaard mainland to the east.
 Boone Lake is a reservoir in Sullivan and Washington counties in northeastern Tennessee formed by the impoundment of the South Fork Holston River behind Boone Dam.The dam and reservoir are maintained and operated by the Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA). The lake has a surface area of about 4400 acres (18 km2) and a flood-storage capacity of 75829 acre feet (93534000 m3).
 Cannon Mountain (formerly Profile Mountain) is a 4080-foot (1240 m) peak in the White Mountains of New Hampshire. It is known for both its technical rock and ice climbing on its cliff face and skiing at Cannon Mountain Ski Area). Until the formation collapsed on May 3 2003 it was also home to the Old Man of the Mountain.
 The Spaia River is a tributary of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Beaufort Range is a mountain range on southern Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located north of Port Alberni and to the west of Qualicum Beach. It has an area of 448 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.The highest mountain in the Beaufort Range is Mount Joan at 1556 m (5105 ft).
 Canoas Creek formerly known as Arroyo de Las Canoas (Creek of the Troughs) is a creek in Fresno County California. Its source is on the north slope of Black Mountain 1.25 miles west of Zwang Peak in the Diablo Range.
 The James River is located in Kimble and Mason counties in the U.S. state of Texas. The Llano River in Mason County is the location of the mouth of the James River and it flows southeast for 36½ miles past the Kimble County ghost town of Noxville. The river intersects with the James River Spring and also with the Little Devils River in southeastern Kimble County. The valleys along the James River became sites for 19th-century European settlements.
 The Tâmpa River (Hungarian: Tompa Hungarian pronunciation: [ˈtompɒ] meaning Blunt) is a tributary of the Niraj River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Suhărzelu Mic River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Survey Peak (9277 feet (2828 m)) is located in the northern Teton Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is on the border of Grand Teton National Park and the Jedediah Smith Wilderness of Caribou-Targhee National Forest. Survey Peak rises to the immediate north of Berry Creek and can be accessed via the Berry Creek Trail.
 The Van Duzen River is a river on the north coast of California. It is a major tributary of the Eel River and drains 429 square miles (1110 km2) mostly in Humboldt County with a small portion in Trinity County. The river travels 63 miles (101 km) from its headwaters on the west side of the North Coast Range to its confluence with the Eel River about 14 miles (23 km) upstream from the Pacific Ocean and 17 miles (27 km) south of Eureka California.
 The Waiuku River is located to the southwest of the city of Auckland in New Zealand. Despite its name the river is in fact an estuarial arm of the Manukau Harbour. It joins the harbour at the south west and extends south for 12 kilometres having its head close to the town of Waiuku.
 Mont Donon is the highest peak in the northern Vosges. It is a Category 2 climb in the Tour de France.On Donon there is an 80 metre tall lattice tower for TV transmission. Its TV transmission antennas are covered by a polymeric cylinder which gives its structure a characteristic shape.Many archaeological remains of a Gallo-Roman sanctuary have been found on and around the top of the mountain. They are now displayed in the Musée archéologique de Strasbourg.
 The Valea Tăului River is a headwater of the Gersa River in Romania.
 The Dolodrook River is a perennial river of the West Gippsland catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Vinstre is a lake in the municipality of Vang and Øystre Slidre in Oppland county Norway. It has an area of 28.26 km². It is at an elevation of 1032 m above sea level.
 Cusiana River (Spanish pronunciation: [kusiˈana]) is a river of Colombia. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Desna (Russian: Десна; Ukrainian: Десна) is a river in Russia and Ukraine left tributary of the Dnieper. The word means right hand in the Old East Slavic language. Its length is 1130 km (702 mi) and its drainage basin covers 88900 km2 (34324 sq mi).In Ukraine the river's width ranges from 60 to 250 metres with its average depth being 3 m (10 ft). The mean annual discharge at its mouth is 360 m³/s (12713 ft³/s).
 The Valea Mierezului River is a tributary of the Feredeu River in Romania.
 Satkula Sorbian:Satkula is a small stream of Saxony Germany. The source of the Satkula is located in Burkau/Porchow Lusatia Germany in the Lusatian Highlands (Lausitzer Bergland). Satkula is a most important river for Sorbs in Lusatia.
 Langemak is a prominent impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located less than one crater diameter west-northwest of Danjon and nearly due east of Meitner. To the southwest of Langemak is Kondratyuk. Langemak partly overlies the larger and older crater Langemak N. This feature is also attached to the northeastern rim of Kondratyuk.To the northeast of Langemak is the crater Necho an impact feature that lies at the locus of a bright ray system.
 The Casas Grandes River is a river of Mexico.
 Lake Débo is a lake in the central part of Mali formed by the seasonal flooding of the Niger River basin. It is in the Inner Niger Delta of the Niger River. During high water stages of the river the delta formed by lakes creeks and backwaters form part of Lake Débo. The inner delta has many wide channels which are shallow and flooded marshes; this delta extends over a length of 200 miles (320 km) with a width of 50 miles (80 km).
 Nanhu Mountain (Chinese: 南湖大山) is a mountain in Taiwan with an elevation of 3740 m (12270 ft). It is one of the highest mountains in Taiwan. Nanhu Salamanader (Hynobius glacialis) is a rare salamander that was first described from this mountain.
 Elsay Lake is a lake 15 km NE of the City of North Vancouver located near the Centre of Mount Seymour Provincial Park in the District of North Vancouver British Columbia. Originally named Mystery Lake and still known to some as such.It has subsequently been renamed Lake Elsay after nearby Elsay Creek. This name is thought to derive from a Scottish settler probably after a place name in Scotland.
 Cuevas del Almanzora Reservoir is a reservoir in Cuevas del Almanzora province of Almeria Andalusia Spain.
 Knott is a mountain in the northern part of the English Lake District. It is the highest point of the Back o'Skiddaw region an area of wild and unfrequented moorland to the north of Skiddaw and Blencathra. Other tops in this region include High Pike Carrock Fell and Great Calva. The fell's slopes are mostly smooth gentle and covered in grass with a few deep ravines.
 Warner is a lunar crater that is located in the southern part of the Mare Smythii near the eastern limb of the Moon. In this location the crater is viewed almost from the edge from Earth and is sometimes hidden from sight due to libration. The crater lies just to the south-southeast of the very similar Runge.
 The Muncel River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 The Ilișoara Mică River is a headwater of the Ilişoara River in Romania.
 The Split Rock River is a 20.4-mile-long (32.8 km) tributary of the Kettle River in eastern Minnesota United States. It begins at the outlet of Split Rock Lake in eastern Aitkin County and flows east into Carlton County reaching the Kettle River 4 miles (6 km) south of the city of Kettle River.
 Canoe Lake is in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada about 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) west of Savant Lake. It is shaped like a backwards C with a curved length of about 5.7 kilometres (3.5 mi). Its primary inflow at the northwest corner and outflow at the southwest corner is Barnard Creek a tributary of the Sturgeon River. The Canadian National Railway transcontinental mainline travels along the north side of the lake.
 Lake Naivasha is a freshwater lake in Kenya outside the town of Naivasha in Nakuru County which lies north west of Nairobi. It is part of the Great Rift Valley. The name derives from the local Maasai name Nai'posha meaning rough water because of the sudden storms which can arise.
 The River Quaggy (often the Quaggy River or simply Quaggy) is a river 17 km in length passing through the south-east London boroughs of Bromley Greenwich and Lewisham; in its lower reaches it is an urban river in its upper reaches further from London it is more natural and known as the Kyd Brook.
 Stoco Lake is a lake in the Lake Ontario drainage basin in Tweed Hastings County Ontario Canada.The lake is about 5.4 kilometres (3.4 mi) long and 2.5 kilometres (1.6 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 138 metres (453 ft). There are two named islands Butternut Island and Grant Island and one named bay Cosy Cove at the northeast. The primary inflow is the Moira River at the northwest. Secondary inflows are the Clare River at the east and Sulphide Creek at Cosy Cove at the northeast.
 Hauptkanal Sterkrade is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Jaguari River (Paraíba do Sul) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paraíba do Sul.
 Not to be confused with Waikare River.The Waikari River is a river of the northern Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally east through a broad strath from its sources south of Hawarden gradually veering northeast to reach the Hurunui 20 kilometres southwest of Cheviot.
 The Sabana River is a river in Texas.
 Mink Lake is the second-largest wilderness lake in the U.S. state of Oregon. Mink Lake lies at about 5000 feet (1500 m) above sea level on a Cascade Range lava plateau in the Three Sisters Wilderness in eastern Lane County. One of many lakes in the Mink Lake Basin it covers 139 acres (56 ha).Hiking trails enter the Mink Lake Basin at the headwaters of the South Fork McKenzie River from many directions.
 The Iza is a tributary of the Tisa River in northern Romania. Its source is in the Rodna Mountains. It flows into the Tisa near the city Sighetu Marmaţiei. It passes through the communes Săcel Săliștea de Sus Dragomirești Bogdan Vodă Şieu Rozavlea Strâmtura Bârsana Onceşti Vadu Izei and Sighetu Marmației.
 Rebberg is a mountain and suburb of Mulhouse in Alsace France.
 Spruce Mountain in eastern West Virginia USA is the highest ridge of the Allegheny Mountains. The whale-backed ridge extends for only about 16 miles (26 km) from northeast to southwest but several of its peaks exceed 4500 feet (1400 m) in elevation. The summit Spruce Knob (4863 ft; 1482 m) is celebrated as the highest point in the state as well as the range which covers parts of four states.
 Haselstein (Winnenden) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Karakoram Pass (Hindi: क़राक़रम दर्रा; simplified Chinese: 喀喇昆仑山口; traditional Chinese: 喀喇崑崙山口; pinyin: Kālǎkūnlún Shānkǒu) is a 5540 m or 18176 ft mountain pass between India and China in the Karakoram Range. It is the highest pass on the ancient caravan route between Leh in Ladakh and Yarkand in the Tarim Basin.
 Hunnebecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Cavernoso River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Lake Uurainen (Finnish: Uuraistenjärvi) is a medium-sized lake in central Finland about 50 km northeast of the city Jyväskylä. It is a popular lake among fishers due to it´s good capture possibilities. In the northern part of the lake there is a long cape which divides almost the whole lake.
 The Gsieser Bach (Italian: Rio Casies) is a stream in South Tyrol Italy.
 Superior Lake is a dry lake basin in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California 40 km (25 mi) north of Barstow. The lake is made up of three basins approximately 15 km (9.3 mi) long and 6 km (3.7 mi) at its widest point. Through the Holocene this three-lake system was one body of water.
 The Wellsville Mountains are located in northern Utah and are often considered part of the Wasatch Mountains. The mountains separate the Cache Valley from the Wasatch Front. Nearly all of the water collected by the Wellsville Mountains drains into the Bear River.While only moderately tall they are particularly narrow. For this reason it is often claimed they are one of the steepest mountain ranges in North America.
 The Neagra Broșteni River or Neagra River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Great St Bernard Lake (French: Lac du Grand St-Bernard Italian: Lago del Gran San Bernardo) is a mountain lake of the Pennine Alps located south-west of Great St Bernard Pass. It is divided between Switzerland (canton of Valais) and Italy (region of Aosta Valley) although it lies south of the Alps within the Dora Baltea basin.The lake is located at a height of 2447 metres above sea level and has a maximum length of 350 metres.
 The Templeton River is a short 21 kilometres (13 mi) river in British Columbia. It is a tributary of the Columbia River entering the Columbia via the Columbia Wetlands upstream from the mouth of the Spillimacheen River.
 The Tlapaneco River is a river of Mexico.
 Hibriten Mountain located just east of Lenoir North Carolina marks the western end of the Brushy Mountains range. The mountain's summit is nearly 1000 feet above the surrounding terrain. The summit is well known to the locals for its large welcome light which glows at night in the shape of a star in the weeks before Christmas and a cross before Easter.A fire tower was erected at the summit in 1927.
 The Rauher Kulm is a small basalt mountain located in the Upper Palatinate (Oberpfalz) region of the state of Bavaria Germany. It is located 23 kilometers southeast of Bayreuth and 5 kilometers south of Kemnath. The town of Neustadt am Kulm is situated at the base of the western side of the mountain.The mountain is 682 meters (2238 ft) tall and has a 25 meter (82 ft) tall observation tower at its peak.
 Khar Kush also Khaṟkus (Persian: خر کش ‎; Mountain which attracts the sun) is a mountain in the Hindu Kush of Afghanistan. It is located in the provinces of Baghlān and Kapisa. Based on Peakery data it is the 9th highest mountain in Baghlān and the 360th highest mountain in Afghanistan. The nearest peak is Kharkus 4856 m tall.
 The Little Applegate River is a 21-mile-long (34 km) tributary of the Applegate River located in the U.S. state of Oregon. It is part of the Rogue River watershed draining approximately 113 square miles (293 km2) of Jackson County.
 The Mânăstirea River is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 The Temo is a river in western Sardinia Italy.
 Ruboc Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Rubocit Serbian: Језеро Robovac) is a very small lake in Kosovo. Robovac Lake is completely surrounded by the mountains of Goljak. It is the smallest lake in eastern Kosovo being about the same size as an average mountain lake.
 Wohlrose is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Murderkill River is a river flowing to Delaware Bay in central Delaware in the United States. It is approximately 21.7 miles (34.9 km) long and drains an area of 106 square miles (270 km2) on the Atlantic Coastal Plain.The Murderkill flows for its entire length in southern Kent County.
 Mettmecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Friesener Warte is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Badger Pass (el. 6755 ft.) is a high mountain pass in Beaverhead County Montana. It is located between Bannack Montana and Dillon and traversed by Montana Secondary Highway 278.The Badger Pass Mine is located at 45.21659 and W -112.95087.
 The Hoconuco River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Win Green Down (277 metres (909 ft) grid reference ST927209) is a 26.0 hectare biological Site of Special Scientific Interest in Wiltshire notified in 1971. The summit Win Green is at grid ST924205 and is the highest point of Cranborne Chase. There are extensive views with Bournemouth the Isle of Wight Salisbury and Glastonbury Tor the Mendips and the Quantock Hills all visible in clear conditions.
 The River Doe Lea is a river which flows near Glapwell and Doe Lea in Derbyshire England. The river eventually joins the River Rother near Renishaw. The river contained 1000 times the safe level of dioxins in 1991 according to a statement made by Dennis Skinner (MP) in the House of Commons in 1992.
 Ebach (Pinnau) is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Buzău (Romanian pronunciation: [buˈzəw]) is a river in eastern Romania tributary of the Siret River. Its total length is 302 km. Its source is in the south-eastern Carpathian Mountains east of Braşov. The Buzău flows through the Romanian counties Braşov Covasna Buzău and Brăila.
 See also Mount Giles (Antarctica)Mount Giles is one of the highest mountains in the Northern Territory Australia at 1389 metres AHD. It lies along the MacDonnell Ranges dominating Ormiston Pound in the West MacDonnell National Park approximately 80 kilometres west of Alice Springs. It can be visited via the celebrated Larapinta Trail and offers spectacular views of Mount Sonder Ormiston Gorge and Pound and the surrounding range.Climbing the mountain requires a hard two or three day hike.
 The Boulder River is a tributary of the Yellowstone River approximately 60 mi (96 km) long in south central Montana in the United States. It is one of two rivers named the Boulder River in Montana.It rises in the Gallatin National Forest in the Absaroka Range in southern Park County. It flows north through mountainous canyons a cataract under a natural bridge and northwest in a widening valley past McLeod. It joins the Yellowstone at Big Timber.
 Hochstein is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Lake Butler which is very swampy along most of its shoreline has a surface area of 17.26-acre (69800 m2). On the northeast and east shores is a residential area. On the west is a citrus grove and on the south is grassy land with a scattering of residences.Lake Butler has no public access on its shores. A canal connects it to Lake Eva but the canal cannot be navigated as it is full of swamp vegetation. There is no information about the types of fish in Lake Butler.
 The Seaca River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Seolheulsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an altitude of 488 metres.
 Myreton Hill is the hill immediately behind (to the North East of) the village of Menstrie in the Ochil Hills of Scotland. See the map for location. The track up the scarp face of Myreton Hill leads to some calcite workings which date from the Napoleonic Wars.
 The Conical Range is a small mountain range in southwestern British Columbia Canada located between Seymour Inlet and Belize Inlet. It has an area of 13 km2 and is a subrange of the Pacific Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 The Cassibile (Greek: Kakyparis) is a 30 km long river located in south-eastern Sicily.The river rises from the Serra Porcari near Palazzolo Acreide in the Hyblaean Mountains which form the main part of the mountainous Sicilian southeast. It flows into the Ionian Sea between Capo Negro and Punta del Cane 23 km south of Syracuse. The river has created a series of canyons and near Avola Antica several waterfalls and small lakes can be accessed by the ancient Scala Cruci staircase.
 Atacazo is a volcano of the Western Cordillera southwest of Quito Ecuador. It lies 25 kilometers south-west of Quito. Southwest of Atacazo is another volcano known as Ninahuilca. The Atacazo is a stratovolcano.It was formed by the action of a Late-Pleistocene to Holocene caldera. The last eruption of the Atacazo was nearly 2300 years ago.
 Mount Oputateshike (オプタテシケ山 Oputateshike-yama) is a mountain of the Tokachi Volcanic Group.
 The Eira River is a river in Nesset Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 7-kilometre (4.3 mi) long river flows from the lake Eikesdalsvatnet past the village of Eresfjord and into the Eresfjorden. The mountain Skjorta lies 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) east of the river.Historically the river was a bountiful salmon fishing area but since it has become a regulated river for nearby hydro-electric power stations the fish have not been as plentiful.
 The Howgill Fells are hills in Northern England between the Lake District and the Yorkshire Dales lying roughly in between the vertices of a triangle made by the towns of Sedbergh Kirkby Stephen and Tebay.The name Howgill derives from the Old Norse word haugr meaning a hill or barrow plus gil meaning a narrow valley.
 The Bukit Barisan or the Barisan Mountains are a mountain range on the western side of Sumatra Indonesia covering nearly 1700 km (1050 mi) from the north to the south of the island. The Bukit Barisan range consists primarily of volcanoes shrouded in dense jungle cover including Sumatran tropical pine forests on the higher slopes. The highest peak of the range is Mount Kerinci at 3800 metres (12467 ft).
 The Emscher is a relatively small river and tributary of the Rhine flowing through the Ruhr area in North Rhine-Westphalia in western Germany. Its total length is 84 km with an average discharge near the mouth into the lower Rhine of 16 m³/s (cubic metres per second).The Emscher has its source in Holzwickede east of the city of Dortmund and flows west through the Ruhr area.
 The Blanice (German: Blanitz) is a river located primarily in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is a 66 kilometres (41 mi) left tributary of the Sázava.The river originates south of Blanická a village in the South Bohemian Region some 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) northeast of Tábor. From there it flows northward through Mladá Vožice and the Central Bohemian cities of Louňovice pod Blaníkem Vlašim and Libež.
 Cattle Creek a partly perennial stream of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Hunter region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Pietrosu de Jos River is a tributary of the Tecșe River in Romania.
 The Dobrenaș River is a tributary of the Dobreanu River in Romania.
 The Fântâna River is a tributary of the Bran River in Romania.
 The Dumbrăvița River is a tributary of the Meziad River in Romania.
 The Gap Mountains are a mountain range in eastern Nye County Nevada. Gap Mountain along with Fox Mountain 7.5 miles (12.1 km) to the south and the hills between overlook the White River valley to the west. Gap Mountain lies just 1.5 mi (2.4 km) southwest of the southern end of the Egan Range of adjacent Lincoln County and appears to be an extension of that range.
 Wissahickon Creek is a tributary of the Schuylkill River in Montgomery and Philadelphia Counties Pennsylvania in the United States.Wissahickon Creek rises in Montgomery County runs approximately 23 miles (37 km) passing through and dividing Northwest Philadelphia before emptying into the Schuylkill River at Philadelphia. Its watershed covers about 64 square miles (170 km2).Much of the creek now runs through or next to parkland with the last few miles running through a deep gorge.
 The Orewa River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows east to reach Whangaparaoa Bay just to the north of Whangaparaoa Peninsula. The town of Orewa is located close to the river's mouth.
 Lindeman Lake is a small lake in Chilliwack Lake Provincial Park British Columbia Canada. Located at the end of a 1.7 km trail it is a popular hiking destination. A variety of fish inhabit this lake including brook trout cutthroat trout rainbow trout groupers & steelhead.
 Pico das Torres is the second highest peak on the Atlantic island of Madeira Portugal. It lies roughly midway between the Pico Ruivo and Pico do Arieiro at an elevation of 1853 metres (6079 ft) and is only accessible from the trail between these two peaks.
 Traverse Peak (11051 feet (3368 m)) is in the northern Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming. The mountain rises abruptly above Moran Canyon to the south and the south fork of Snowshoe Canyon to the north. From Moran Bay on Jackson Lake the south slopes of the mountain can be seen behind Bivouac Peak rising above Moran Canyon.
 The Valea Stânei River is a tributary of the Jidanul River in Romania.
 Mühlenstein is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Rennie Lake is an all-sports lake 13 miles (21 km) southeast of Traverse City Michigan.
 The Ox Mountains (Irish: Sliabh Gamh) are a mountain range in County Sligo on the west coast of Ireland. They are also known as Saint Patrick's Mountains after the saint who built churches on its slopes and left his name to some of its wells.
 The Valea Veche is a tributary of the Pârâul Moale in Romania.
 The Bregenz Forest Mountains also the Bregenzerwald Mountains (German: Bregenzerwaldgebirge) are a range of the Northern Limestone Alps named after the town of Bregenz. The Bregenz Forest Mountains are entirely located in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.
 The Ohrenspitzen are three peaks on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Neubürg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Esnagami Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. 14 mile long Esnagami Lake is located a short float plane trip north of Nakina Ontario and is renowned for its numerous islands rivers and bays which provide an ideal environment for trophy fishing.
 The Oberaarjoch (el. 3212 m.) is a high mountain pass across the eastern Bernese Alps connecting the Fiescher Glacier in the canton of Valais with the Oberaar Glacier in the canton Bern. The pass is located between the Oberaarhorn on the north and the Oberaarrothorn on the south. Above the col on the Valais side lies the Oberaarjoch Hut.The nearest settlement are Fieschertal (Valais) and Handegg (Bern).
 The Cernele River is a tributary of the Horezu River in Romania.
 The Șiglea River is a tributary of the Cotoru River in Romania.
 Desná (German: Die Tess) is a river situated in Olomouc region of Czech republic left tributary of the Morava
 Pictou Lake is a lake of Colchester County in Nova Scotia Canada. It lies east of Halifax city and south of Glasgow town.
 Gachilbong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1164 metres
 Clitterhouse Recreation Ground or Clitterhouse Playing Fields is a park and Site of Local Importance for Nature Conservation in Brent Cross in the London Borough of Barnet. It is a large area of mown grass with a children's playground bordered by thick hedges.
 Spørteggbreen is a glacier in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is the 12th largest glacier in Norway. It lies between the Jostedalsbreen and Harbardsbreen glaciers. The 28-square-kilometre (11 sq mi) glacier lies inside Breheimen National Park.
 The River Rib originates near the East Hertfordshire village of Buckland and runs parallel with the A10 through Buntingford Westmill Braughing Puckeridge and Standon before dividing the villages of Thundridge and Wadesmill and continuing until it reaches its confluence with the River Lea near Hertford.
 Motel is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Beaver Creek is a 180-mile (290 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. The creek begins at the confluence of Champion and Bear creeks in the White Mountains National Recreation Area about 50 miles (80 km) north of Fairbanks.
 Swiftcurrent Mountain (8436 feet (2571 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Swiftcurrent Mountain is situated along the Continental Divide. The historic Swiftcurrent Fire Lookout is at the top of the mountain.
 The Monteoru River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
 The Shizukuishi River (雫石川 Shizukuishigawa) is a river in Iwate Prefecture Japan.The Shizukuishi River rises in the Ōu Mountains just south of Mt. Akita Komagatake in Shizukuishi and empties into the Kitakami River in Morioka. The Gosho Dam is situated on the Shizukuishi River in western Morioka. This dam was completed in 1981. The entire length of the river is home to many renowned hot springs. The Kakkonda River is its largest tributary and flows from north to south in Shizukuishi.
 Edmunds Glacier is located on Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington. Named in 1883 for George F. Edmunds. The glacier lies on the western flank of the volcano below the steep rocky Mowich Face and Sunset Face. Starting from an elevation of about 9900 ft (3000 m) the glacier flows northwest down to 7000 ft (2100 m) and ends northeast of the Jeanette Heights region of Mount Rainier.
 The Hisiaș River is a tributary of the Chizdia River in Romania.
 The Laza River is a tributary of the Racova River in Romania.
 Tonoloway Ridge is a stratigraphic ridge that runs southwest northeast through the U.S. states of Pennsylvania Maryland and West Virginia. It reaches its highest elevation above mean sea level of 1292 feet (393.8 m) at a knob on its southern end in Morgan County West Virginia. Tonoloway Ridge is separated by gaps at Great Cacapon on the Potomac River and at Little Tonoloway Creek where it is traversed by Interstate 68 in Maryland.
 Jamuna River (Bengali: যমুনা নদী) is a tributary of the Ichamati River. It flows through the Indian state of West Bengal and is one of the major rivers of the North 24 Parganas district.
 The Buzan River (Russian: Бузан река) is a river in the Astrakhan Oblast of Russia. It is a left distributary which splits from the Volga River about 50 kilometres (31 mi) upstream from Astrakhan. From there it flows generally south-east splitting into several smaller named distributaries near Lebyazhye.The Volga Delta was subject to territorial disputes between the Nogai Horde and the Russian-annexed Astrakhan Khanate in the 1550s.
 The Gârcic River is a tributary of the Bunești River in Romania.
 Erf is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Gloptinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Ghițălăria River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 Goat Haunt Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Goat Haunt Mountain is southeast of the lake.
 Stickelgraben is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Moorbach (Werfener Bach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Namorona is a river in Vatovavy-Fitovinany eastern Madagascar. It flows down from the central highlands runs along the Ranomafana National Park forms the Andriamamovoka Falls to flow into the Indian Ocean. It empties near Namorona.
 Sprungbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Putnam is a mountain located on the border between Washington County and Lamoille County Vermont in the Putnam State Forest. Mount Putnam the high point of the Worcester Range is flanked to the northeast by Mount Worcester and to the southwest by Mount Hunger.It is the sixth most prominent peak in Vermont.
 Adelsberg is a mountain of Saxony in southeastern Germany.
 The Vedea River (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈvede̯a]) in southern Romania flows from the Cotmeana Plateau and runs into the Danube having a total length of 224 km of which 33 km is regulated.It flows in Argeş Olt and Teleorman counties. The towns Alexandria and Roşiori de Vede lie in the vicinity of the river.The name of the river is Dacian in origin from Indo-European *wed water.
 Alidade Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 459 along Johnson Creek.Alidade Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at trailheads or wilderness bouldaries.
 The Paraná Miní River English: Río Paraná Miní) is an anabranch or secondary branch and tributary of the Paraná River. It is located in the provinces of Santa Fe and Chaco Argentina. In Chaco Province the Paraná Miní receives several relatively small tributaries including the Tapenagá River Palometa River and Salado River (one of many Paraná tributaries named Salado).There are several branches of the Paraná River named Paraná Miní notably one in Corrientes Province.
 The Făgărășel River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. The river was the source of water for the moat of the Făgăraș citadel. At present the river is channelized and crosses the central part of the city of Făgăraş.
 The Mutum River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Mount Lidgbird is located in the southern section of Lord Howe Island just north of Mount Gower from which it is separated by the saddle at the head of Erskine Valley and has its peak at 777 metres (2549 ft).Mount Lidgbird is named after the naval officer Captain Henry Lidgbird Ball who first sighted Lord Howe Island in 1788. He was on his way to Norfolk Island in the ship HMS Supply when he spotted Lord Howe Island.
 Nizva (Russian: Низьва) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 71 km. Area of drainage basin is 590 km². It flows into the Kolva River at the point located 51 km from Kolva's mouth. Main tributaries are Baydach River (left) and Vyrya River (right).
 The Cangaime River is a river of Ecuador.
 The Jacques Range is a mountain range of the Canadian Rockies located south of Highway 16 and Jasper Lake in Jasper National Park Canada.This range includes the following mountains and peaks:
 Cradle Mountain is a mountain in the Cradle Mountain-Lake St Clair National Park Tasmania Australia. Rising to 1545 metres (5069 ft) above sea level it is one of the principal tourist sites in Tasmania owing to its natural beauty. The Cradle Mountain is composed of dolerite columns similar to many of the other mountains in the area.
 Goose Creek (Roanoke River) is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 The Hector River is a river of New Zealand's southern North Island. It rises on the noprthern slopes of Mount Hector in the Tararua Range flowing east through Tararua Forest Park before joining with the upper reaches of the Waiohine River.
 For the football (soccer) club see Rio Ave F.C.Ave River is a river in Portugal. Vizela River flows into it.
 Ozren is a mountain in northern Bosnia and Herzegovina. It lies between cities of Doboj and Zavidovići partly in the Federation and partly in the Republika Srpska entity.Ozren is rich in natural resources. It abounds in drinkable water springs surrounded by clean nature thermal wells with healing effects ore and mineral resources. Its highest peak Kraljica is 918 meters high.
 Darmühlenbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Râul Țarinii is a tributary of the Crişul Poienii River in Romania.
 Rihpojávri is a lake which lies in the municipality of Storfjord in Troms county Norway just to the south of European route E8. The lake is a reservoir that has a dam on the north end. The water leaving the lake flows into the Rihpojohka river which then flows into the Skibotnelva.
 Moore Creek is a short creek in the St. Lawrence River drainage basin in Temiskaming Shores Timiskaming District Ontario Canada between the communities of New Liskeard and Haileybury.
 The Cormor is an Italian river in the Province of Udine. The source of the river is west of Fagagna and east of Spilimbergo. The river initially flows south but then curves east and flows past Martignacco. The river then flows south past Udine until it empties into the Laguna di Marano in the Adriatic Sea.
 The Cărbunari River is a tributary of the Saciova River in Romania.
 The Valea Bacului River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 McClintock Peak (8285 feet (2525 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. McClintock Peak is situated along the Continental Divide. The Lake of the Seven Winds sits below the east slopes of the peak.
 Lake Kari (Lake Qari Armenian: Քարի լիճ) is a lake in Armenia located in the slopes of Mount Aragats mostly formed by ice and snow. It is located 3190 m above the sea level and has a perimeter of 1150 m. From Byurakan village an asphalted automobile road stretches towards the source of Arkashen River the lake Kari located on a plateau below the peaks. On the eastern side of the lake there is a meteorological station.
 The Fall River is a river in Frontenac and Lanark Counties in Eastern Ontario Canada. It is part of the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin and flows from Sharbot Lake and through Bennett Lake to join the Mississippi River. The river is named after settlers of the late 17th century.
 Ciissinraq River is a stream in the Yukon Delta National Wildlife Refuge in the Bethel Census Area Alaska United States.
 Asem River is a river in northern Java Indonesia.
 Great Mell Fell (Bare hill with the later additions of both Fell and Great) is an isolated hill or fell in the English Lake District north of Ullswater and adjacent to the Eastern Fells. It rises from a level plain to a height of 537 m. Its top is an excellent viewpoint for many of the surrounding higher fells.
 The Santa Ynez Mountains are a portion of the Transverse Ranges part of the Pacific Coast Ranges of the west coast of North America and are one of the northernmost mountain ranges in Southern California.
 Büraberg is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 The Horseshoe Hills el. 6673 feet (2034 m) are a set of hills north of Manhattan Montana in Gallatin County Montana. They lie between the Big Belt Mountains and the Bridger Range
 Jabal al-'Awd (Arabic: جبل العود ) is a mountain in the Highlands of Yemen. It has an elevation of 2942 meters and is the 67th highest mountain in Yemen. It is situated about 25 km south-east of the ancient Himyarite capital of Zafar.
 The Izbucu River is a tributary of the Valea Ursului River in Romania.
 San Tomas Aquinas Creek known locally as San Tomas Aquino Creek is a 16.5-mile-long (26.6 km) stream that heads on El Sereno mountain in El Sereno Open Space Preserve in Saratoga California in Santa Clara County California United States. It flows north through the cities of Saratoga Monte Sereno Los Gatos Campbell Santa Clara and San Jose before its confluence with the Guadalupe Slough in south San Francisco Bay.
 Lyckebyån is a river in Sweden.
 The Gropenbornskopf is a northern offshoot of the Aschentalshalbe in the Harz Mountains of central Germany two kilometres east of Sieber in the district of Osterode am Harz in the state of Lower Saxony. It is 581.2 metres high and was named after the Gropenborn stream that flows downs its western side and which it initially divides from the River Sieber.
 Ffynnon Llugwy (English: Llugwy spring) is a lake in the Carneddau range of mountains in Snowdonia North Wales.It lies at a height of about 1786 feet (544 m) and covers an area of some 40 acres (16.19 ha).
 The Rădoteasa River or Rădocheasa River is a tributary of the Cărbunele River in Romania.
 Farrenberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Little Lottery River is a river of the northeast of New Zealand's South Island. It flows southwest through the Amuri Range flowing into the Lottery River part of the Waiau River system.
 Glingebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Amselflue is a mountain of the Plessur Alps overlooking Arosa in the canton of Graubünden. The main summit has an elevation of 2781 metres while the eastern summit located directly above the Maienfelder Furgga is 2768 metre high.
 Murray Lake is a naturally formed lake about 9 miles away from the town of Lowell Michigan. Murray Lake is the third largest lake in Kent County lying in the northeast corner of the county officially in Grattan Township.
 Flappach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Notts Pot is cave system on Leck Fell Lancashire England. It is described as 'the most concentrated vertical maze in Britain'.
 Tošč (1021 metres or 3350 feet) is the highest hill in Polhov Gradec Hills. The neighbouring hill Pasja Ravan (1020 m or 3350 ft) used to be the highest before Yugoslav Army reduced its height by eight meters in the 1970s.
 Picws Du is the highest peak of the Carmarthen Fans or Bannau Sir Gaer in the Carmarthenshire section of the Black Mountain in the west of the Brecon Beacons National Park in south Wales. It is a subsidiary summit of Fan Brycheiniog.It is within Fforest Fawr Geopark. Its prominent summit is marked by an ancient cairn at a height of 749m above sea level. Waun Lefrith is the other lower summit of the Bannau Sir Gaer / Carmarthen Fans.
 The Dănești River is a tributary of the Vasluieţ River in Romania.
 The Das Éguas River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Pioneer Peak is a 6398-foot (1950 m) mountain in the Chugach Mountains in the U.S. state of Alaska. Located beside the Knik River just nine miles (14.5 km) south of Palmer and about six miles outside the Municipality of Anchorage limits it is a prominent landmark in the Matanuska-Susitna Valley as well as a popular hiking destination. The name was given in 1939 in honor of the pioneers of the Matanuska agricultural colony of the mid-1930s.
 Schmalenhofer Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Glockenkarkopf (also known as Klockerkarkopf Italian Vetta d'Italia) is a mountain of 2911 metres (9551 ft) in the Zillertal Alps on the border between the Austrian state Salzburg and the Italian province of South Tyrol.
 The Manjira also spelled Manjra (Marathi: मांजरा; Telugu: మంజీర; Kannada: ಮಂಜೀರ) is a tributary of the river Godavari. It passes through the states of Maharashtra Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. It originates in the Balaghat range of hills at an altitude of 823 metres (2700 ft) and empties into the Godavari River.
 The Lacolle River flows in the municipality of Lacolle Quebec in Le Haut-Richelieu Regional County Municipality Montérégie on the south shore of St. Lawrence River in Quebec in Canada. The economy of the watershed is primarily agricultural (including orchards) and recreation and tourism including the popular Safari park of Hemmingford which began operating in 1972 the country club golf course and three ciders.
 Lone Mountain is a mountain located in Ulster County New York. The mountain is part of the Catskill Mountains.Lone Mountain is flanked to the southwest by Table Mountain and to the east by Rocky Mountain. The southeast side of Lone Mountain drains into Rondout Creek thence into the Hudson River and into New York Bay. The west side of Lone Mtn. drains into Donovan Brook thence into the East Branch of the Neversink River the Delaware River and into Delaware Bay. The north side of Lone Mtn.
 Lower Otay Reservoir is an artificial lake in San Diego County California flanked by Otay County Open Space Preserve and Chula Vista. The reservoir is formed by impounding the waters of the Otay River behind Savage Dam completed in 1918 and is the terminus for the Second San Diego Aqueduct. Owned by the City of San Diego.
 The Egher is a tributary of the river Batar in Romania.
 Merevarí River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Lauter (Fils) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It originates near Gutenberg.
 The Hetea River is a tributary of the Araci River in Romania.
 Dalhousie Mountain is a Canadian peak in the Cobequid Mountains and the highest elevation point in Pictou County Nova Scotia.Located north of Trunk 4 west of Salt Springs the peak is accessible by vehicle using gated roads and is topped by wind turbines and a forest fire surveillance tower.
 Pierra Menta is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Beaufortain Massif range. It has an elevation of 2714 metres above sea level.
 The Totenkopf is a mountain in Baden-Württemberg Germany forming the highest point in the Kaiserstuhl region. The mountain is topped by an observation tower and a 120-m (394-ft) Deutsche Telekom communications tower. Wine and fruit are cultivated on its slopes.
 The Sunzha (Russian: Су́нжа Ossetian: Сунжæ Sunžæ Chechen: Соьлжа Sölƶa) is a river in North Ossetia Ingushetia and Chechnya Russia a right tributary of Terek River. It is 278 km long. The Sunzha rises on the Northern slope of the Caucasus Major. Its major tributaries are the Assa River and Argun River. With a turbidity of 3800 g/m³ it carries 122 million tons of alluvium per year. It is used for irrigation.
 Lake Half is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Berea River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
 Mount Taranaki or Mount Egmont is an active but quiescent stratovolcano in the Taranaki region on the west coast of New Zealand's North Island. Although the mountain is more commonly referred to as Taranaki it has two official names under the alternative names policy of the New Zealand Geographic Board. The 2518-metre-high mountain is one of the most symmetrical volcanic cones in the world.
 Angilaaq Mountain is a mountain in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located 62 km (39 mi) north of Pond Inlet. It is the highest mountain on Bylot Island and lies in the Byam Martin Mountains which is a northern extension of the Baffin Mountains.
 Maipo River is the main river flowing through the Santiago Metropolitan Region of Chile. It is located just south of capital Santiago. Its headwaters are on the west slope of Maipo volcano in the Andes. Its most famous tributary is the Mapocho River. The Maipo River is by far the major source of irrigation and potable water for the region.
 Otter Tail Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.
 The Nisipitu River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 The Acriș River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 Volovec (in Slovak) or Wołowiec (in Polish) is a mountain in the Western Tatras at the border of Slovakia and Poland. It lies on the Main Ridge of Western Tatras between Ostrý Roháč and mountain Deravá standing over three valleys: Chochołowską Roháčska and Jamnícka.It offers views over the Polish Western Tatras and Slovak Roháče.
 Dark Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington 1.5 mi (2.4 km) northwest of Bonanza Peak the tallest non-volcanic peak in the Cascade Range. Dark Glacier descends from 8200 to 6800 ft (2500 to 2100 m).
 Berkelbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mamuru River is a river of Amazonas and Pará states in north-western Brazil.
 Highwood Pass is a mountain pass in Kananaskis Country Alberta Canada. It lies west of Mount Rae and Mount Arethusa of the Misty Range south of the Elbow Pass. Highwood Pass is the highest paved pass in Canada.It lies within the Peter Lougheed Provincial Park. The Highwood River originates in the pass.Kananaskis Trail runs through the pass and offers access to a multitude of camping grounds and recreational areas.
 The Ocqueoc River (pronounced Ah-key-ock) is stream in Presque Isle County in the northeastern part of the lower peninsula in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is 34.2 miles (55.0 km) long and encompasses a watershed of approximately 94394 acres (382.00 km2).The word Ocqueoc comes from a French term meaning crooked waters which aptly describes the winding Ocqueoc River.
 The Ohaba River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania. The river rises under mount Chicera Izvorului. It flows southwestwards and in the proximity of Mount Plopi it enters a sinkhole. The river emerges in cave Șura Mare near the village of Ohaba-Ponor being locally referred to as Lunca Ponorului River. It joins the Strei River near the village of Ponor.
 The Pârâul Românilor is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
 The Mașa-Bașa River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 The Mangoro River is the largest river on the east coast of Madagascar by basin size and water volume and is 300 km in length.
 Gangssibong is a mountain in Gyeonggi-do South Korea. Its sits on the boundary between the city of Pocheon and the county of Gapyeong. Gangssibong has an elevation of 830 m (2723 ft).
 The Bucieș River is a tributary of the Caşin River in Romania.
 The Pâclișa River ( Hungarian: Poklosi-patak meaning ‘Hellish Creek’ ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Oldicău River is a tributary of the Vâna Roșie River in Romania.
 The Río del Oro is a river of Mexico.
 The Balls are a mountain range within the Sierra Nevada in Madera County California. They are glacier-carved granite domes and have been described as looking like smooth scoops of butterscotch ice cream. They are protected in the Sierra National Forest.
 Remington Glacier is a steep glacier about 7 nautical miles (13 km) long in Doyran Heights in the Sentinel Range of Ellsworth Mountains Antarctica. It rises just north of McPherson Peak and flows east-southeast to debouch between the terminus of Hough Glacier and Johnson Spur. Discovered by U.S.
 Kastorfer See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 45.3 m its surface area is 0.64 km².
 The Cann Quarry canal was a canal in Devon England which ran for just under 2 miles (3.2 km) from Cann Quarry to the River Plym at Marsh Mills. It opened in 1829 and a short tramway connected it to the Plymouth and Dartmoor Railway at Crabtree Junction. It had been replaced by a tramway within ten years but continued to be used as a mill leat to supply Marsh Mills corn mill and most of it is still visible.
 House Mountain is a shield volcano located in the U.S. state of Arizona located between the Sedona Red Rock Country and the Verde Valley. It is located in the Coconino National Forest. House Mountain erupted approximately 13-15 million years ago on the edge of where the Mogollon Rim stood at that time. Thus the basalt that was emitted preserved the sedimentary layers below it including the Schnebly Hill Formation and the thin band of Fort Apache Limestone.
 The Winhall River is an 18.3-mile-long (29.5 km) tributary of the West River in Windham and Bennington counties Vermont in the United States.The Winhall River rises near the western boundary of the town of Stratton near the crest of the Green Mountains. The river flows north forming the eastern boundary of the Lye Brook Wilderness of the Green Mountain National Forest. It is crossed by the Appalachian Trail along this section.
 Lake Vernon is located in the Tiltill Valley in the northern sector of Yosemite National Park just north of Hetch Hetchy Valley. The surface elevation of the lake is 6568 ft (2002 m). Due to the remote location of the lake it is usually only accessed as a backpacking destination. The area surrounding the lake was once home to a band of Sierra Miwok Indians and numerous artifacts can be found in the area. Lake Vernon is the source of Falls Creek which feeds Wapama Falls.
 Little Lake Butte des Morts is a lake in the state of Wisconsin USA eight miles north of Lake Butte Des Morts. It is part of the Fox-Wisconsin Waterway and receives its inflow from a short segment of the Fox River which drains from the north end of Lake Winnebago around Doty Island. The north end of Little Lake Butte des Morts becomes the section of the Fox River running to Green Bay. The lake is part of the Butte des Morts region in Winnebago County Wisconsin.
 The Cracul Stâng River is a tributary of the Tigăile River in Romania.
 Banyabong is a mountain of Jeollabuk-do western South Korea. It has an altitude of 1734 metres.
 Yuraqmayu (Quechua yuraq white mayu river white river hispanicized spelling Yuracmayo) is a river in Peru located in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Santa Cruz District. It is a right tributary of the Santa River. Yuraqmayu originates in the Cordillera Blanca southwest of the mountain Tawllirahu near the lake Tawlliqucha.
 The Viile River is a tributary of the Câlniștea River in Romania.
 Stakkastadvatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Sveio in Hordaland county and Haugesund and Tysvær in Rogaland county Norway.
 The Tunari River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Dvina Bay (Russian: Двинская Губа) is located in Arkhangelsk Oblast in Northwestern Russia. It is one of four large bays and gulfs of the White Sea the others being the Mezen Bay the Onega Bay and the Kandalaksha Gulf. The two main river emptying into the Dvina Bay is the Northern Dvina River while the two cities on the bay are Arkhangelsk and Severodvinsk. The Dvina Bay is 93 kilometres (58 mi) long and 130 kilometres (81 mi) wide.
 Zwittebach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Aurlandsfjord (Norwegian: Aurlandsfjorden) is a fjord in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The fjord flows through the municipalities of Aurland Vik and Lærdal. The 29-kilometre (18 mi) long fjord is a branch off of the main Sognefjorden Norway's longest fjord. The fjord is deep and narrow reaching a depth of about 962 metres (3156 ft) below sea level and its width is generally less than 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) wide.
 The Salcia River is a tributary of the Cricovul Sărat River in Romania.
 The Frasinu River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 El Mont or Serra del Mont better known as Mare de Déu del Mont is a mountain range of the Alta Garrotxa natural region Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1123 metres above sea level.This mountain has a traditionally very popular Virgin Mary shrine on top of the highest peak hence its name meaning Mother of God of the Mountain.It has been often mentioned in Catalan literature having been referred to as Porta del Pirineu meaning the Gate of the Pyrenees among other epithets.
 Neufnach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Barniner See is a lake in Ludwigslust-Parchim Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 36.3 m its surface area is 2.55 km².
 The Boucaraí River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Vălereasca River is a headwater of the Râuşor in Romania.
 The Bradul Înalt River is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
 The Scherbadung (also known as Pizzo Cervandone) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps on the Swiss-Italian border. Its Italian name has been used to name the mineral Cervandonite which has only been found there.
 Nhamundá River or Jamundá River (Yamundá River in Spanish) is a river in northern Brazil which marks part of the northeastern boundary between states of Amazonas and Pará.
 The Gens de Terre River (in French: Rivière Gens de Terre literal meaning: people of the land) is a river in central Quebec Canada. It is located on the eastern edge of the La Vérendrye Wildlife Reserve in the Vallée-de-la-Gatineau County Municipality in the Outaouais region.
 Hunter Mountain is in the towns of Hunter and Lexington just south of the village of Hunter in Greene County New York USA. At approximately 4040 feet (1231 m) in elevation it is the highest peak in the county and the second-highest peak in the Catskill Mountains.While the mountain is closely associated with the highly popular eponymous ski area built around the Colonel's Chair ridge at the mountain's northwest corner that takes up only a small portion of the mountain.
 The Șipotu River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 Paint Creek is a tributary of the Scioto River 94.7 mi (152.5 km) long in south-central Ohio in the United States. Via the Scioto and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. It drains an area of 1143 mi² (2960 km²).Paint Creek rises in southwestern Madison County and flows initially south-southeastwardly through Fayette County and along the boundaries of Highland and Ross Counties past the towns of Washington Court House and Greenfield.
 The Tunga River is a river in Karnataka state southern India. The river is born in the Western Ghats on a hill known as Varaha Parvata at a place called Gangamoola. From here the river flows through two districts in Karnataka - Chikmagalur District and Shimoga District. It is 147 km long and merges with the Bhadra River at Koodli a small town near Shimoga City Karnataka. The river is given the compound name Tungabhadra from this point on.
 The Prieto River (Yabucoa Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Beda Fell is a fell in the English Lake District situated to the south of Ullswater. It divides the valleys of Boredale and Bannerdale within the Martindale system.
 The Gârbova Mare River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 The Enoșești River is a tributary of the Oltişor River in Romania.
 Styggevatnet is a glacier lake from the glacier Jostedalsbreen in the municipality of Luster in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The lake lies just southeast of the lake Austdalsvatnet. The lake is regulated by a dam and it empties into the river Jostedøla.
 Black Creek is a 4.4-mile-long (7.1 km) tributary of the Lehigh River in Carbon County Pennsylvania in the United States.The tributary Quakake Creek is also listed by the Geographic Names Information System as a variant name.Black Creek is formed by the confluence of Beaver Creek and Hazel Creek above Weatherly.Black Creek was named because of the because of the dark pigment in the water.
 Mount Nukap is a mountain associated with the Baffin Mountains on Baffin Island Nunavut Canada.
 Kibbie Lake lies in the remote north-west portion of Yosemite National Park in the USA. It is accessible only to hikers and equestrians.
 Lake Huro is located in the Chatham Islands of New Zealand. It is located on Chatham Island to the southwest of Te Whanga Lagoon close to the settlement of Waitangi.
 Descartes is a heavily worn lunar crater that is located in the rugged south-central highlands of the Moon. To the southwest is the crater Abulfeda. It is named after the French philosopher mathematician and physicist René Descartes.The rim of Descartes survives only in stretches and is completely missing in the north. The crater Descartes A lies across the southwest rim. The interior floor contains several curved ridges.
 Butchers Lake is a lake in Victoria Australia.
 Sibualbuali is a stratovolcano in the northern Sumatra Indonesia. It has two solfatara fields on the eastern flank. There is a rhyolitic-dacitic lava dome erupted from the Toru-Asik fault.
 The Anish (Russian: Аниш Chuvash: Энĕш Енĕш Enêş) is a river in Tsivilsky and Kozlovsky Districts of the Republic of Chuvashia Russia a right-bank tributary of the Volga River. Its length is 60.7 kilometers (37.7 mi) and its drainage basin is 904 square kilometers (349 sq mi). It falls to the Kuybyshev Reservoir Volga near Kozlovka.
 The Ipitinga River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Dadu River (Chinese: 大渡河; pinyin: Dàdù Hé; Wade–Giles: Tatu Ho) is located in Sichuan province southern China. It is a tributary of the Min River (Mín Jiāng) which is a tributary of the Yangtze River (Chang Jiang).The Shuangjiangkou Dam will be built in its valley.
 Trollvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. The 3.88-square-kilometre (1.50 sq mi) lake is located northeast of the Sagfjorden about 20 kilometres (12 mi) west of the village of Mørsvikbotn.
 Lovelock Cave (NV-Ch-18) is a North American archaeological site previously known as Sunset Guano Cave Horseshoe Cave and Loud Site 18. The cave is about 150 feet long and 35 feet wide. Lovelock Cave is one of the most important classic sites of the Great Basin region because the conditions of the cave are conducive to the preservation of organic and inorganic material. The cave was placed on the National Register of Historic Places on May 24 1984.
 Puig Cornador (Les Llosses) is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1229 metres above sea level.
 Khuvkhoitun (Russian: Хувхойтун) sometimes referred to as Gora Khuvkhoitun is a stratovolcano located on Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula. The mountain reaches 2616 m in elevation above sea level.
 Maria River a watercourse of the Hastings River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Valea Moașei is a tributary of the Gladna River in Romania.
 The Yamuna (Pron:ˈjʌmʊnə) (Sanskrit: यमुना) sometimes called Jamuna (Hindi: जमुना)' is the largest tributary river of the Ganges (Ganga) in northern India.
 The Cordillera Sarmiento is a mountain rangelocated in the Chilean Patagonia to the west of Puerto Natales named after Pedro Sarmiento de Gamboa who was a Spanish explorer who navigated the region's waterways between 1579 and 1580. It extends in north-south direction on the western shore of the Fjord of the Mountains and parallel to the Cordillera Riesco.
 The Iovanul Mic River is a headwater of the Iovanul River in Romania.
 Los Testigos also known as the Aparamán range is a mountain chain in Bolívar Venezuela. It consists of four rather small tepuis forming a bridge between the giant Auyán-tepui to the west and Ptari-tepui to the east. The four major peaks of Los Testigos are (west to east): Aparamán-tepui (2100 m) Murisipán-tepui (2350 m) Tereke-yurén-tepui (1900 m) and Kamarkawarai-tepui (2400 m) the latter three sharing a common slope area.
 The Larqui River is a river of Chile.
 Fracastorius is the lava-flooded remnant of an ancient lunar impact crater located at the southern edge of Mare Nectaris. To the northwest of this formation lies the crater Beaumont while to the northeast is Rosse.The northern wall of this crater is missing with only mounds appearing in the lunar mare to mark the outline. The lava that formed Mare Nectaris also invaded this crater so the structure now forms a bay-like extension.
 Rich Mountain Bald (variant: Bald of Rich Mountain and Big Bald of Rich) is a mountain in the North Carolina High Country southeast of the community of Zionville. Its elevation reaches 5361 feet (1634 m).The mountain generates several feeder streams to the South Fork New River (via Meat Camp Creek) and Watauga River (via Cove Creek). Rich Mountain Gap separates it with Snake Mountain.
 The Galbenu River is a tributary of the Vâja River in Romania.
 The Braço Norte do Rio Itaúnas is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Las Guijas Mountains are a small northwest - southeast trending range in southern Pima County Arizona. The range is approximately 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) long by 4 km (2.5 mi). Surrounding ranges includes the Cerro Colorado Mountains to the northeast the Tumacacori Mountains of Santa Cruz County to the east the San Luis Mountains to the south and the Baboquivari Mountains across the Altar Valley to the west.
 Storbrettingskollen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Shag Lake is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand. It is close to the coast of the Tasman Sea and about 20km south of Waipoua Forest.
 The Liro is a torrente or stream in the north Italian Province of Como. The drainage basin is triangular in shape; its principal source lies on Monte Marmontana near the Swiss border and flows through the Valle San Iorio (also Jorio). The second source lies to the northeast on the slopes of Pizzo Martello and forms the Valle del Dosso. Near Dosso del Liro the stream receives the waters of the torrente Ronzone which flows from Monte Duria through the Val d’Inferno.
 Mount Nokogiri (鋸岳 Nokogiri-dake) is a mountain located in the Akaishi Mountains on the border between Yamanashi and Nagano Prefectures in Japan.
 The Manasquan Reservoir is a source of water for municipalities and utilities as well as a 1204-acre (4.87 km²) park located in Howell Township in Monmouth County New Jersey United States. The park is part of the Monmouth County Park System.
 Helagsfjället the mountain of Helags is a mountain in Härjedalen Sweden and is part of the Scandinavian Mountains. The peak reaches 1797 metres above sea level which makes it the highest mountain in Sweden south of the Arctic Circle. Its glacier is the country's southernmost.
 McCauley Weir is a weir located near Nanango Queensland Australia. It was originally constructed as a water supply for Nanango. It has since ceased to be used as a water supply and is only used by nearby farms for stock use.It is located on Cooyar Creek.
 Mont Blanc de Courmayeur (Italian: Monte Bianco di Courmayeur) (4748 m) is a point on the south-east ridge of Mont Blanc that forms the peak of the massive south-east face of the mountain. It is connected to the main summit via the Col Major (c.
 Heyburn Lake is a reservoir on Polecat Creek in Creek County Oklahoma. It is about 15 miles (24 km) southwest of Sapulpa Oklahoma. Tiger and Brown Creeks also drain into the lake. The nearest town is Kellyville Oklahoma. It was named for the now-defunct community of Heyburn. Its primary objectives are to provide flood control drinking water and recreation. It is owned by the Corps of Engineers. Heyburn State Park (Oklahoma) adjoins the lake.
 Gadis River (Indonesian: Sungai Gadis means: Virgin River) is a river in southern Sumatra Indonesia.
 Foel Gron is a peak on the Moel Eilio ridge of hills/mountains in Snowdonia North Wales. This ridge is used as a hiker's route from Llanberis to the summit of Snowdon.
 Middle Cramer Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. Sawtooth National Forest trail 154 leads to the lake.Middle Cramer Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Downstream of Middle Cramer Lake is Lower Cramer Lake while Upper Cramer Lake is upstream.
 Dzhangal (Bulgarian: Джангал) is a peak on the Bulgarian Pirin mountain range. It is situated in one of the external ridges of the mountain the Polejan Ridge between the Dzhangal Gate and Momin Dvor Peak and towers to the west of the Popovo Lake. It is 2730 m high which places it in the top 10 peaks in the range. According to the most popular version the name derives from the Turkish word dzhangal which means sheep without lamb.
 Sierra de Cucalón is a 25-kilometre (16 mi) long system of mountain ranges in Aragon Spain located between the comarcas of Jiloca and Cuencas Mineras.These mountains are part of the Iberian System and are often covered with snow in the winter. Rivers Huerva and Martín have their source in these ranges.
 Lake Manapouri is located in the South Island of New Zealand. The lake is situated within the Fiordland National Park and the wider region of Te Wahipounamu South West New Zealand World Heritage Area.
 Amisk (Beaver) Lake is a lake in east-central Saskatchewan (southwest of Flin Flon) in Canada. 'Amisk' means beaver in Cree. Saskatchewan Highway 167 provides road access. Denare Beach Saskatchewan the largest settlement is located on the east side of the lake.
 The Călugărul River is a tributary of the Conțeasca River in Romania.
 Mount Billy Mitchell is a prominent 6919-foot (2109 m) peak located in the Chugach Mountains 35 miles (56 km) east of Valdez and 12 miles (19 km) west of the Copper River in Alaska.
 Langley is a lunar crater that is located close to the northwestern limb of the Moon and from the Earth is viewed edge-on. It is located in the gap between the crater Galvani which lies across the southeastern rim and Volta along the northeastern rim. Just to the northwest is Stokes.The rim of Langley has been heavily damaged by nearby impacts and the result is an irregular perimeter that has been reshaped and heavily eroded.
 American Border Peak is a mountain just south of the US-Canada border in the North Cascades of Washington state with a corresponding sister peak Canadian Border Peak just north along a col connecting to it across the border. It is located within the Mount Baker Wilderness part of the Mount Baker-Snoqualmie National Forest near North Cascades National Park.
 Albaumer Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 South Buffalo Creek is a 9.9-mile-long (15.9 km) tributary of Buffalo Creek in Botetourt and Rockbridge counties in the U.S. state of Virginia. Via Buffalo Creek and the Maury River it is part of the James River watershed.
 The Svatava (in German: Zwodau also Zwotau; further upstream Zwota) is a left tributary of the Ohře in Germany and the Czech Republic.
 The Gulf of Boni (also known as Bone Bay or the Bone Gulf) is a large inlet in the south of the island of Sulawesi Indonesia. To the west lies Sulawesi's South Peninsula and to the east is the island's South-east Peninsula. To the south the gulf opens into the Banda Sea.
 Tor y Foel is a hill in the Brecon Beacons National Park in the county of Powys in Wales. It is located on the eastern flank of Talybont Reservoir and the summit at 551m is marked by a small cairn. It gives excellent panoramic views over the valley of the River Usk across to the Black Mountains and west to the Brecon Beacons.
 Hofsee is a lake at Kargow in Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 65 m its surface area is 0.147 km².
 Laguna Caldera is located southeast of Manila. It has a summit elevation of 743m or 2438 feet. The caldera whose lake surface is only 1m above sea level may have formed at least two major eruptions of about 1 million and 27000-29000 years ago.
 Stille Musel is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Libuszanka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Ropa.
 Cobbs Lake Creek is a creek in Prescott and Russell County in eastern Ontario Canada which empties into the South Nation River.Cobbs Lake is a large shallow lake which forms around the creek during the spring thaw. Fields are found around the lake and these fields are flooded during the early spring expanding the lake even more. This causes problems for local residents since it also floods nearby side roads.
 The Asencio River is a river of Chile.
 The Hunter River an open and trained mature wave dominated barrier estuary is a major river in New South Wales Australia. The Hunter River rises in the Liverpool Range and flows generally south and then east reaching the Tasman Sea at Newcastle the second largest city in New South Wales and a major harbour port.
 Lake Hartridge with somewhat of a figure eight shape has a surface area of 433-acre (1750000 m2). This lake is on the north side of Winter Haven Florida. Most of the lake's west shore is bordered by residential areas. The northwest shore is bordered by woods. The north shore is bordered woods and clearings. The northeast is bordered by more clearings. The east central and southeast shores are bordered by woods and a few residences.
 The Arda is a torrent of Emilia-Romagna Italy nearly all of its course being within the province of Piacenza. It is a right tributary of the Po River.It rises at an elevation of 1200 m in the Ligurian Apennines on the north-west slopes of Monte Lama (near Monte Menegosa) within the commune of Morfasso.
 The Clouère (French: la Clouère) is a 76.2 km (47.3 mi) long river in the Charente and Vienne départements western France. Its source is at Lessac. It flows generally northwest. It is a right tributary of the Clain into which it flows between Château-Larcher and Aslonnes.
 The Burghina River is a tributary of the Mânjești River in Romania.
 Blanca Peak is the highest peak of the Sierra Blanca Massif at the southern tip of the Sangre de Cristo Range in the U.S. State of Colorado. It is the fourth highest peak of the Rocky Mountains and the eighth highest peak in the contiguous United States.
 Lake Texana is a reservoir on the Navidad River 8 miles (13 km) east of Edna in Jackson County Texas. The reservoir is formed by the construction of Palmetto Bend Dam. The dam and lake are managed by the Lavaca-Navidad River Authority and supply water to surrounding communities and industries. Lake Texana is the only reservoir managed by the Authority.
 The Mill Creek is a 19-mile (31 km) long tributary of Lake Erie in Erie County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It flows from Millcreek Township through the city of Erie into Presque Isle Bay. Much of the creek in the city was channeled into the Mill Creek Tube which was constructed after the Mill Creek's disastrous flood struck the city in 1915.
 The Aiguille de Bionnassay (el. 4052 m./13294 ft.) is a mountain in the Mont-Blanc massif of the Alps in France and Italy.
 The Rapirrán River is a river of South America. Beginning in western Brazil just east of the Peruvian border the river forms the international border with Peru as it flows eastward. It then forms Bolivia's northernmost border with Brazil.The town of Rapirrán lies on the river.
 The Glaze Brook or River Glaze is a minor river in Greater Manchester England. From Lately Common (south of Leigh) to the River Mersey it forms the county boundary with Cheshire.The Glaze Brook drains a large area around Leigh and is formed at the outflow of Pennington Flash 53°29′06″N 2°32′07″W close to Aspull Common.
 Ältaren is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Bassenthwaite Lake is one of the largest water bodies in the English Lake District.
 The Beaufort Sea (French: mer de Beaufort) is a marginal sea of the Arctic Ocean located north of the Northwest Territories the Yukon and Alaska west of Canada's Arctic islands. The sea is named after hydrographer Sir Francis Beaufort. The major Mackenzie River empties into the Canadian part of the sea west of Tuktoyaktuk which is one of the few permanent settlements on the sea shores.The sea characterized by severe climate is frozen over most of the year.
 Umpfer is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Hochberg (Schwäbische Alb) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Washoe Lake (Washo: c'óʔyaʔ dáʔaw ) is a lake located in the Washoe Valley of Washoe County Nevada. It is between Reno and Carson City (nearer to Carson City). It is a very shallow lake and the surface area can vary greatly from year to year.
 The Côle (French: la Côle) is a 51.5 km (32.0 mi) long river in the Dordogne département south-central France. It rises near le Châtenet a hamlet in Firbeix. It flows generally southwest. It is a left tributary of the Dronne into which it flows between Condat-sur-Trincou and Brantôme.
 Sinking Creek is a river in the United States state of Virginia. Due to the karst topography just west of the Virginia Tech campus the river disappears underground and then re-emerges from springs as it flows into the New River.
 The Mountain Home Range is a north-south trending mountain range in western Beaver County in southwest Utah United States. It is part of the Basin and Range Province. It is bound by Hamlin Valley to the west Snake Valley (part of this area known as Antelope Valley on some maps) to the north Pine Valley to the east and trends into the Indian Peak Range to the south.
 Coldwater River is a 29.5-mile-long (47.5 km) stream in the U.S. state of Michigan. Located in Branch County the river rises in Ovid Township at 41°50′14″N 84°59′13″W as the outflow of Coldwater Lake. Flowing north and west it is joined by the outflow from the Lake of the Woods and continues north for several miles. West of the city of Coldwater it flows through a series of lakes: South Lake Messenger Lake Cemetery Lake North Lake Randall Lake Morrison Lake Craig Lake and Hodunk Pond.
 The Cârlibaba River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Lake Okeechobee /ˌoʊkɨˈtʃoʊbiː/ locally referred to as The Lake or The Big O is the largest freshwater lake in the state of Florida. It is the seventh largest freshwater lake in the United States and the second largest freshwater lake (the largest being Lake Michigan) contained entirely within the lower 48 states. However it is the largest freshwater lake completely within a single one of the lower 48 states.
 The Atate River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The Great River of Grand Bacolet is a river of Grenada.
 Maunder Crater is an old eroded crater in the Noachis quadrangle of Mars located at 50 South and 358.5 West. It is 107.5 km in diameter and was named after Edward W.Maunder a British astronomer (1851-1928).
 Lake Tharthar (also Therthar) and known in Iraq as Buhayrat ath-Tharthar (Arabic: بحيرة الثرثار‎) is a lake situated 120 kilometers north of Baghdad between the Tigris and the Euphrates rivers. It is the largest lake in Iraq. The construction of several dams has made it an important source for irrigation. Its size shrinks and expands dramatically with the seasons.
 The Una River (Paraíba) is a small river in the Paraíba state in northeastern Brazil. It is located near Sapé and Cruz do Espírito Santo in the Mata Paraibana mesoregion.It has a dam on it that forms Aç Pe Azevedo lake and it flows into Salvador River (Paraíba). It is no longer than 15 km.
 Cim del Mont-roig is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2846 metres above sea level.
 Puesto Cortaderas is an isolated basaltic pyroclastic cone in Argentina.
 Bangor Mountain is a scarp face of a hill below which the city of Bangor in Gwynedd Wales sits.Though not a mountain in the true sense of the word it is so called because of the way it rears up behind Bangor and appears mountainous especially from the Glan Adda High Street and Hirael areas of the city.Bangor Mountain is much less precipitous on its southern side. Along a substantial part of the crest of the mountain is Bangor Golf Club—more properly St Deiniol's Golf Club.
 The Alun River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
 Mount Perseus is a mountain in British Columbia Canada. It has an elevation of 2553 metres (8376 ft) above sea level and it is one of British Columbia's 102 ultra prominent peaks.Mount Perseus is the highest peak within a mountainous area between Clearwater Lake (20 km to the southeast of Perseus) and Quesnel Lake (20 km to the northwest).
 The Vordere Ölgrubenspitze is a mountain in the Kaunergrat group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Elde (German pronunciation: [ˈɛldə]) is a river in northern Germany (Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and a few km in Brandenburg) a right tributary of the Löcknitz. Its total length is 220 km. The Elde originates near Altenhof south of Malchow. It first flows southeast towards the southern end of Lake Müritz which it enters at Vipperow. It flows out of the Müritz at its northern end near Waren.
 The Râul Lupului is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Not to be confused with the Illinois River in the state of Illinois.The Illinois River is a 145-mile-long (233 km) tributary of the Arkansas River in the U.S. states of Arkansas and Oklahoma. The Osage Indians named it Ne-eng-wah-kon-dah which translates as Medicine Stone River. The state of Oklahoma has designated its portion as a Scenic River. The Illinois River is a significant location in the 1961 Wilson Rawls novel Where the Red Fern Grows.
 Kiel is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Cannon is a lunar crater that is located near the east-northeastern limb of the Moon's near side. It lies just to the northwest of the Mare Marginis and south-southeast of the crater Plutarch. Farther to the east-northeast is Hubble.This is a worn and eroded formation with an interior floor that has been resurfaced by lava. A small crater overlies the north rim which forms a notch in the side. Tiny craters also lie across the rim northeast and at the southern edge.
 Mount Ball is a mountain located on the Continental Divide on the borders of Banff and Kootenay national parks in Canada. Mt. Ball is the highest peak of the Ball Range in the Canadian Rockies.The mountain was named in 1858 by James Hector after John Ball a politician who helped secure funding for the Palliser Expedition. The name was officially adopted in 1924 based on Palliser's 1863 map of British North America.Mt.
 The Valea Tătarului River or Tătaru River is a tributary of the Moaşa River in Romania.
 Lake Tana (also spelled T'ana Amharic: ጣና ሐይቅ?</span> Ṭana Ḥäyq T’ana Hāyk’; an older variant is Tsana Ge'ez ጻና Ṣānā; sometimes called Dembiya after the region to the north of the lake) is the source of the Blue Nile and is the largest lake in Ethiopia. Located in Amhara Region in the north-western Ethiopian Highlands the lake is approximately 84 kilometers long and 66 kilometers wide with a maximum depth of 15 meters and an elevation of 1788 meters.
 Pumaqucha (Quechua puma cougar puma qucha lake puma lake hispanicized spelling Pomacocha Pomacochas) is a lake in Peru located in the Amazonas Region Bongará Province Florida District. It is situated at a height of about 2257 metres (7405 ft) about 2.79 km long and 2 km at its widest point. Pumaqucha lies east of the town Pumaqucha (Pomacochas) which is also named Florida.
 The Hacket River is a river on the West Coast of New Zealand. It starts in the Malcolm Range and flows south-west into the Tasman Sea.
 The Șapartoc River or Șarpotoc River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 The River Swift is a 14 mile (23 km) long tributary of the River Avon that rises in south Leicestershire and flows through the town of Lutterworth before joining the Avon at its confluence in Warwickshire in the English Midlands.
 South Lake (Chinese: 武汉南湖) is a subtropical shallow lake located in the southern suburbs of Wuchang Wuhan Hubei Province China. It has an average depth of 1.6 metres lake bottom elevation 18 m thewidth of the lake is about 15.4 km long the length of the lake is about 5.4 km wide area of 5km².
 The Brisbane River is the longest river in south east Queensland Australia and flows through the city of Brisbane before emptying into Moreton Bay. John Oxley was the first European to explore the river who named it after the Governor of New South Wales Thomas Brisbane in 1823. The penal colony of Moreton Bay later adopted the same name.Early travellers along the waterway admired the natural beauty abundant fish and rich vegetation along its banks.
 The Galbena River or Râul Galben or Valea Galbenă River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania. Upstream of the junction with the Răchitova River the river is also known as Densuș River. The river starts at the junction of headwaters Lacuri and Poieni
 Kabru is a mountain in the Himalayas on the border of India and eastern Nepal.
 The Valea Podurilor River is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania.
 The Little Zab or Lower Zab (Arabic: الزاب الاسفل‎ (al-Zāb al-Asfal) Persian: زاب کوچک‎ (Zâb-e Kuchak) Kurdish: Zêy Koya Syriac: ܙܒܐ ܬܚܬܝܐ (Zāba taḥtāya)) originates in Iran and joins the Tigris in Iraq. The river is approximately 400 kilometres (250 mi) long and drains an area of c. 22000 square kilometres (8500 sq mi). The river is fed by rainfall and snowmelt resulting in a peak discharge in spring and low water in summer and early fall.
 The Cărbunari River or Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Muncelu River in Romania.
 Dry Brook is a tributary of the Paulins Kill in Frankford Township and Branchville Borough in Sussex County in northwestern New Jersey United States. Its waters combine with the Culver Brook or West Branch of the Paulins Kill with the river's East Branch near the unincorporated hamlet Augusta near Branchville.
 Pollock Mountain (9190 feet (2801 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Pollock Mountain is situated along the Continental Divide and is one of the peaks along the Garden Wall and is approximately .6 miles (0.97 km) south of Bishops Cap.
 The Ok Tedi is a river in New Guinea. The Ok Tedi Mine is located near the headwaters of the river which is sourced in the Star Mountains. Nearly the entirety of the river runs through the North Fly District of the Western Province of Papua New Guinea but the river crosses the international boundary with Indonesia for less than one kilometre. The largest settlement of the Western Province Tabubil is located near its banks.
 Röggeliner See is a lake in the Nordwestmecklenburg district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 37.2 m its surface area is 1.77 km².
 Lee Valley Lake is Arizona's highest elevation reservoirsituated at 9420 feet (2870 m) in the Apache-Sitgreaves National Forest near Mount Baldy. Access is restricted in the winter when roads are closed due to snow generally December to early April.
 Ogan River is a river in South Sumatra Indonesia.The Ogan River is a tributary of Musi River in Southern Sumatra. Flowing entirely in the South Sumatra province it rises in Bukit Barisan mountain and meanders slowly eastwards to join Musi River at Kertapati Palembang. The Ogan ranks as the third longest river in South Sumatra (behind Musi and Komering).
 Renuka lake is in the Sirmaur district of Himachal Pradesh in India and it is 672 m above the sea level. It is the largest lake in Himachal Pradesh with a circumference of about 3214 m. This lake was named after the goddess Renuka. It is well connected by the road. Boating is available on the lake. A lion safari and a zoo are there at Renuka. It is the site of an annual fair held in November.
 The Ibex Hills are a mountain range in Inyo County California.
 Greifensee (or Lake Greifen meaning griffin) is a small lake in the canton of Zürich in Switzerland.
 The El Paso Mountains are located in central southern California in the United States. The range lies in a southwest-northeasterly direction east of Highway 14 and north of the Rand Mountains and Randsburg Red Rock Road. Red Rock Canyon State Park lies at the western end of the range.The mountains are approximately 18 miles (29 km) long and 16 mi (26 km) north and northeast of California City. The mountains are home to the Burro Schmidt Tunnel a tunnel dug by hand by William Burro H.
 The Răchițaua River is a tributary of the Răcătău River in Romania.
 The Große Sandspitze in Tyrol is 2770 m AA and the highest mountain in the Gailtal Alps a mountain range of the Southern Limestone Alps. It is located within the subrange of the Lienz Dolomites and is locally called the Sunnspitz.
 The Río Arenas (Yabucoa Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Samanjac (Serbian Cyrillic: Самањац ) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Boljevac. Its highest peak has an elevation of 853 meters above sea level.
 The Egan Range is a line of mountains in White Pine County in eastern Nevada in the western United States. From Egan Creek near the historic community of Cherry Creek the range runs south for approximately 108 miles (173 km) extending into the northern part of Lincoln County. To the east are the large Steptoe Valley and the even longer Schell Creek Range. To the west are the White River Valley and the scenic White Pine Range.
 The Beskids or Beskid Mountains (Polish: Beskidy Czech and Slovak: Beskydy Rusyn: Бескиды (Beskidy) Ukrainian: Бескиди (Beskydy)) is a traditional name for a series of mountain ranges in the Carpathians stretching from the Czech Republic in the west along the border of Poland with Slovakia up to Ukraine in the east.The highest mountain in the Beskids is Hoverla at 2061 m metres (6762 ft) located in the Ukrainian Chornohora range.
 The Cérou (French: le Cérou) is an 87.4 km (54.3 mi) long river in the Aveyron and Tarn départements southern France. Its source is at Saint-Jean-Delnous 1.8 km (1.1 mi) northwest of the village. It flows generally west-northwest. It is a left tributary of the Aveyron River into which it flows at Milhars 1.4 km (0.87 mi) north of the village.
 White Cloud Peak 8 also known as WCP 8 at 10557 feet (3218 m) above sea level is an unofficially named peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 0.94 mi (1.51 km) west of D. O. Lee Peak its line parent.
 The Cima di Fojorina (also spelled Cima di Fiorina) is a mountain of the Lugano Prealps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies on the range separating the Val Colla from Lake Lugano.
 Vivione Pass Passo (Italian Passo del Vivione) is a mountain pass that links Schilpario in Val di Scalve with Paisco Loveno in Val Camonica.The road was built during World War I to supply troops in the nearby Adamello. Vivione Pass has an height of 1828 m and is usually closed for snow from December to May the road is not larger than 2 meters but is paved.
 The Plopul River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 The Phetchabun mountains (Thai: ทิวเขาเพชรบูรณ์ Thio Khao Phetchabun IPA: [tʰiw kʰǎw pʰét.tɕʰa.buːn]) are a mountain massif in Phetchabun Phitsanulok Loei and Chaiyaphum Provinces Thailand.
 Sweetwater Creek is a 45.6-mile-long (73.4 km) stream in the U.S. state of Georgia west of Atlanta. It begins in southwestern Paulding County flowing generally eastward into southwestern Cobb County then turning south into eastern Douglas County. It is a tributary of the Chattahoochee River and near its end it is the centerpiece of Sweetwater Creek State Park. Since 1904 there has been a stream gauge near Austell (actually in Lithia Springs) at latitude 33°46'22N longitude 84°36'53W.
 Walls Lake is a lake of Shelburne District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Yowrie River a perennial river of the Tuross River catchment is located in the upper ranges of the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Muricizal River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 Salzbach (Seemenbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Janggunbawisan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1140 metres
 Ben Vorlich (Scottish Gaelic: Beinn Mhùrlaig) is a mountain located in the southern part of the Highlands of Scotland. Due to its prominence when seen from the lower ground of the Central Belt Ben Vorlich is one of the most commonly seen of Munros Scotland's peaks of 3000ft height or above. It is one of the most prominent of It lies in an area of land bounded to the north by Loch Earn and to the west by Loch Lubnaig. The town of Callander lies to the south.
 The Dicănești River is a tributary of the Hidişel River in Romania.
 Jobs Peak (/dʒoʊbs/; Washo: dewgúlum)located in Alpine County California is the most prominent peak visible from the Carson Valley in Douglas County Nevada. The peak offers hiking and backcountry skiing with the view of Lake Tahoe.The mountain is named for Moses Job who in the early 1850s opened a store in nearby Sheridan Nevada.
 Trebišnjica is a river in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It used to be a sinking river 96.5 km (60.0 mi) long above the ground. With a total length of 187 km (116 mi) above and under the ground it was one of the longest sinking rivers in the world.
 The River Thurne is a river in Norfolk England in The Broads. Just six miles (10 km) long it rises two miles (3 km) from the coast near Martham Broad and is navigable from West Somerton. It flows southwest and is linked by Candle Dyke and Heigham Sound to both Horsey Mere and Hickling Broad. It continues southwest and flows through Potter Heigham (passing under its medieval bridge) and enters the River Bure just south of Thurne dyke near St. Benet's Abbey.
 Hellstugueggi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Buscombe Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 This article is about the river. See River John Nova Scotia for the article about the village.River John is a river in Nova Scotia. Draining the extreme western part of Pictou County it flows into Amet Sound on the Northumberland Strait at River John a village which takes its name from the river. The Mi’kmaq name is Kajeboogwek (“flowing through desert or solitary place”). An early name was Deception River.
 The Elk Mountains are a high rugged mountain range in the Rocky Mountains of west-central Colorado in the United States. The mountains sit on the western side of the Continental Divide largely in southern Pitkin and northern Gunnison counties in the area southwest of Aspen south of the Roaring Fork River valley and east of the Crystal River. The range sits west of the Sawatch Range and northeast of the West Elk Mountains.
 The Ungureanu River is a tributary of the Șușara River in Romania.
 The Chilikadrotna River is a 55-mile (89 km) tributary of the Mulchatna River in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins in Lake Clark National Park and Preserve in northern Lake and Peninsula Borough and flows westward into the larger river 46 miles (74 km) northwest of Nondalton.In 1980 the upper 11 miles (18 km) of the river became part of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System. This segment rated wild lies within the national park.
 The Phillips River is an ephemeral river in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise on the sanplains below Mount Madden and flow in a southerly direction crossing the South Coast Highway approximately 20 kilometres (12 mi) West of Ravensthorpe then entering the Fitzgerald River National Park then veering eastward to follow a fault-line in the Quartzite rocks around the Eastern end of the Barren Range.
 Monte Orditano is a mountain in Liguria northern Italy part of the Ligurian Appennines. It lies at an altitude of 939 metres.Mone Orditano is located in the town of Ceranesi in the Province of Genoa not far from the border with Piedmont.
 Haanja Kõverjärv is a lake in Estonia.
 The Jeita Grotto (Arabic: مغارة جعيتا‎) is a system of two separate but interconnected karstic limestone caves spanning an overall length of nearly 9 kilometres (5.6 mi). The caves are situated in the Nahr al-Kalb valley within the locality of Jeita 18 kilometres (11 mi) north of the Lebanese capital Beirut.
 Monte di Tremezzo is a mountain of Lombardy Italy.
 The Pfinz is a right tributary of the Rhine in Baden-Württemberg. Its origin is located at the northern edge of the Black Forest near the Straubenhardt borough of Pfinzweiler. Near Durlach it enters the Upper Rhine Plain and continues splitting into several beds and canals in northwesterly direction through several towns and villages north of Karlsruhe for example Staffort. The Pfinz discharges into the Rhine near Dettenheim-Rußheim.
 The Aude River (Latin Atax) is a river of southern France 224 km long. Its source is in the Pyrenees mountains then runs to Carcassonne and finally reaches the Mediterranean Sea near Narbonne. The river is navigable by raft or canoe for nearly all of its length. It is registered as essential to the Languedoc-Roussillon region.The river gave its name to the Aude department.
 Navoi is a crater on Mercury. It contains uncommon reddish material that indicates a different rock composition from its surroundings. Navoi also appears to have an irregularly shaped depression in its center. Such depressions have been seen elsewhere on Mercury including within Praxiteles crater and may indicate past volcanic activity.
 St. John is an eroded lunar impact crater on the Moon's far side. This crater is situated to the northeast of the huge walled plain Mendeleev and southwest of the crater Kohlschütter. To the east of St. John is the small crater Mills.This is a heavily worn and eroded crater formation that is now little more than an uneven depression in the surface. It is scarcely distinguishable from the surrounding terrain except from the shadows cast by the outer rim.
 North Arapaho Peak elevation 13508 ft (4117 m) is a summit in the Indian Peaks of Colorado. One of the 637 peaks above 13000 feet (3962 m) in elevation in the state (see thirteeners). It is located on the continental divide within the Indian Peaks Wilderness Area of Arapaho and Roosevelt National Forests.
 Mount Leinster (Irish: Stua Laighean) is a 796 metre (2605 ft) high mountain in the Republic of Ireland. It straddles the border between Counties Carlow and Wexford in the province of Leinster. It is the fifth highest mountain after Lugnaquilla 925m Mullaghcleevaun 849m Tonelegee 817m and Cloghernagh 800m in Leinster and the highest of the Blackstairs Mountains.
 Mummel River a watercourse of the Manning River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast districts of New South Wales Australia.
 Permanente Creek is a 13.3-mile-long (21.4 km) stream originating on Black Mountain in Santa Clara County California United States. It is the namesake for the Kaiser Permanente health maintenance organization.
 The Ausable River /ɔːˈseɪbəl/ also known as AuSable River and originally written as Au Sable runs in the U.S. state of New York from the Adirondack Mountains and past the village of Lake Placid and Au Sable Forks to empty into Lake Champlain (at 44°33′40″N 73°25′25″W) It has an East and West branch that join at Ausable Forks NY. A few miles east of Keeseville New York. The river forms a partial boundary between Clinton County and Essex County.
 Larcom Mountain is a mountain located in Carroll County New Hampshire USA. The top of the mountain and its subpeak Little Larcom Mountain are part of the Lakes Region Conservation Trust.The mountain is named after poet Lucy Larcom who visited the area frequently while staying at the Bearcamp River House.
 Minyeobong is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 930 metres.
 The Southern Carpathians (Romanian: Carpații Meridionali Serbian: Južni Karpati Hungarian: Déli-Kárpátok) are a group of mountain ranges that divide central and southern Romania on one side and Serbia on the other. They cover the part of the Carpathian Mountains located between the Prahova River in the east and the Timiș and Cerna Rivers in the west. To the south they are bounded by the Balkan mountain range in Serbia.
 The Serăstrău River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
 Loch Lochy (Scottish Gaelic Loch Lochaidh) is a large freshwater loch in Lochaber Highland Scotland. With a mean depth of 70 m (230 ft) it is the third deepest loch of Scotland.
 Tverreggi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Colter Peak el. 10640 feet (3240 m) is a mountain peak in the Absaroka Range in the southeastern section of Yellowstone National Park. The peak is named for mountain man John Colter reputedly the first white man to visit the Yellowstone region. Colter Peak was first ascended in 1870 by Lt. Gustavus Cheyney Doane and Nathaniel P. Langford during the Washburn–Langford–Doane Expedition. Henry D. Washburn the expedition leader named the peak for Langford and Doane.
 The Griswold Hills are a low mountain range in the inner California Coast Ranges in western San Benito County California.
 The Fulga River is a tributary of the Ghighiu River in Romania.
 Pitt Lake is the second-largest lake in the Lower Mainland of British Columbia being about 53.5 square kilometres in area. It is about 25 km long and about 4.5 km wide at its widest and is also one of the world's largest tidal lakes its confluence with the Fraser being only a few miles upstream from that river's estuary into the Strait of Georgia.
 Disteghil Sar or Distaghil Sar is the highest mountain in the Hispar Muztagh a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range in Gilgit-Baltistan. It is the 19th highest mountain on earth and the 7th highest peak in Pakistan. The mountain has an about 5 km long top ridge above 7400m with three distinct summits: (north)west 7885m central 7760 m and (south)east 7696m or 7535m ([1]).
 Bedford Creek a perennial stream of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 Wilkowa is a river of Poland.
 Fail Loch was situated in a low lying area near the old monastery of Fail in the Parish of Tarbolton South Ayrshire Scotland. The old Lochlea Loch lies nearby and its waters still feed into Fail Loch via the Mill Burn.
 Harmersbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Vardar or Axios (Macedonian: About this sound Вардар ; Greek: Αξιός Axiós or Βαρδάρης Vardárīs) is the longest and major river in the Republic of Macedonia and also a major river of Greece. It is 388 km (241 mi) long and drains an area of around 25000 km2 (9653 sq mi). The maximum depth of the river is 4 m (13 ft).The river rises at Vrutok a few kilometers north of Gostivar in the Republic of Macedonia.
 Nez Perce Peak is located in the Teton Range Grand Teton National Park Wyoming immediately southeast of Grand Teton. The peak is in the central portions of the range immediately east of Cloudveil Dome and is sometimes considered to be part of what is collectively known as the Cathedral Group. Nez Perce rises to the south of Garnet Canyon and is a dramatic peak that dominates the skyline to the west of Bradley and Taggart Lakes.
 Lake Laberge is a widening of the Yukon River north of Whitehorse Yukon in Canada. It is fifty kilometres long and ranges from two to five kilometres wide. Its water is always very cold and its weather often harsh and suddenly variable.The Tagish knew it as Kluk-tas-si and the Tlingit as Tahini-wud. Its English name comes from 1870 commemorating Robert de La Berge (1638–1712) one of the original colonists of New France (1658).
 Nemphe is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Izvorul Arșiței River or Valea Arșiței River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 The Mogollon-Datil volcanic field is a large silicic volcanic field in western New Mexico (Mogollon Mountains-Datil New Mexico).
 Cedar Bluff Reservoir is a reservoir in Trego County Kansas United States.The reservoir was created by the 1949 Cedar Bluff Dam a 1949 project of the United States Bureau of Reclamation. The multi-purpose project impounds the Smoky Hill River for recreation irrigation flood control and municipal water supply. The lake is also the site of the Cedar Bluff State Park.
 Lake Dapao is a deep water lake located in the province of Lanao del Sur southwest of Lake Lanao in the southern island of Mindanao Philippines. It is one of the deepest lakes in the country reaching a maximum depth of 120 metres (390 ft). It has an estimated surface area of 1011 hectares (10.11 km2).
 The Allagash River is a tributary of the St. John River approximately 65 miles (105 km) long in northern Maine in the United States. It drains a remote and scenic area of wilderness in the Maine North Woods north of Mount Katahdin. The name Allagash comes from the Penobscot word /walakéskʸihtəkʸ/ meaning bark stream.The Allagash issues from Churchill Lake (formerly known as Heron Lake) at Churchill Depot in northern Piscataquis County.
 The Mangaotaki River is a river of the southern Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally southeast from its sources in the coastal Herangi Range to reach the Mokau River 15 kilometres southwest of Piopio.
 The River Pitt also known as the Piddy is a short tributary of the River Brue in Somerset England. It rises near Hardway in the parish of Brewham and flows for 5.5 miles (8.9 km) through the parishes of Shepton Montague and Pitcombe to join the Brue at Cole.
 Back Creek is a 41.3-mile-long (66.5 km) river in the United States state of Virginia. It is a tributary of the Jackson River part of the James River watershed.
 Bruntwood Loch (NS 50265 32454) or Loch of Bruntwood was a freshwater loch in the East Ayrshire Council Area now drained lying in a glacial Kettle Hole Parish of Galston Scotland.
 Oberreintalschrofen (Upper Rhine Crag) is a mountain on the border of Bavaria Germany and Tyrol Austria. The first recorded ascent was by Hermann von Barth.
 Carrel is a small lunar crater on the Mare Tranquillitatis. It has a somewhat distorted appearance having a slight protruding bulge in the northwest rim. The interior is somewhat irregular with ridges and some slumped material. This crater lies across a ridge in the surface of the mare.This crater was previously designated as Jansen B before being given its current name by the IAU in 1979 in honour of the scientific contributions of the Nobel-winning French scientist Alexis Carrel.
 Allison Glacier (53°04′S 73°24′E) is an ice stream on the west side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. Allison Glacier flows from Big Ben massif down to the sea to the south of Cape Gazert. To the north of Allison Glacier is Vahsel Glacier whose terminus is at South West Bay between Erratic Point and Cape Gazert. Immediately to the north of Vahsel Glacier is Schmidt Glacier whose terminus is located between Mount Drygalski and North West Cornice.
 The Bièvre is a 32.8 km long river of the Île-de-France région that flows into the Seine (left bank) in Paris. The name translates to Beaver River in English.The current course is said to have been modified from its natural course to supply irrigation for an abbey located outside the city wall of Phillipe-Auguste. This diversion is reflected in maps of Paris dating from the 13th century.
 Heinlein is a crater in Promethei Terra Mars. It is centered at 64.6 degrees south 243.8 degrees west and is 83 km in diameter. It is named after Robert A. Heinlein a famous author of science fiction.
 Dark Mountain formerly also known as Black Mountain is a mountain in the Tanzilla Plateau of the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada located northeast of the settlement of Dease Lake near Cry Lake.
 The Duquesne River is a river of Grenada.
 Mount Forbes the eighth tallest mountain in the Canadian Rockies is located 18 km (11 mi) southwest of the Saskatchewan River Crossing in Banff National Park. The mountain was named by James Hector in 1859 after Edward Forbes Hector's natural history professor at the University of Edinburgh during the mid-nineteenth century.Mt. Forbes was first ascended in 1902 by J. Norman Collie James Outram Hugh E.M. Stutfield George M. Weed Herman Woolley guided by Christian Kaufmann.
 The Valea Coşegii River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Birt is a lunar impact crater located in the eastern half of the Mare Nubium and west of the Rupes Recta. Birt is a bowl-shaped formation with a raised rim slightly slightly intersected along the southeast edge by the much smaller crater Birt A. To the west of Birt a rille named Rima Birt runs north-northwest in an arc from Birt F to Birt E.
 The Ochsehorn is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Staldenried in the canton of Valais. It lies between the Saastal and the upper Nanztal north of the Mattwaldhorn.
 Antoniadi Dorsum is a ridge on Mercury at 25.1°N 30.5°W﻿ / 25.1; -30.5. It was named by the International Astronomical Union after Eugène Michel Antoniadi.
 The Făgăraş mountain group is a subgroup of mountains in the Southern Carpathians. It is named after the highest of the mountains in the group the Făgăraş Mountains.
 The Hoher Tenn formerly also called the Hochtenn is a double-peaked mountain in the Austrian federal state of Salzburg. It has a southwest summit called the Bergspitze with a height of 3368 metres and a northeast summit the Schneespitze which is 3317 metres high. The Tenn belongs to the Glockner Group in the central part of the High Tauern in the Austrian Central Alps. Between the two summits at a height of 3293 metres is the Tenn Saddle (Tennsattel).
 The Crown also known as Huang Guan Shan and sometimes Crown Peak is a mountain in the Karakoram mountain range in China. It is located in the Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region of China. Its summit has an elevation of 7295 metres (23934 ft) and it is the highest peak in the Yengisogat subrange of the Karakoram.The summit was first climbed in 1993 by a Japanese party of the Tōkai branch of the Japanese Alpine Club.
 The Paltinu River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Goorudee Rivulet a perennial river of the Murrumbidgee catchment of the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 Mont de Gébroulaz is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3511 metres above sea level.
 The Kaufungen Forest (German: Kaufunger Wald) is a range of steep wooded hills straddling the border between the states of Hesse and Lower Saxony in central Germany.The hills lie in the fork of the Rivers Fulda and Werra which meet at Hannoversch Münden just to the north. They are bounded to the west and north-west by the Fulda valley and to the east and north-east by the Werra valley.
 The Pârâul Caprei is a tributary of the Pârâul Întunecat in Romania.
 Dale is a small lunar crater located in the far eastern part of the Moon's near side to the south of the Mare Smythii. It lies to the southeast of the larger crater Kastner and northeast of Ansgarius. The crater is located in a part of the lunar surface that is subject to libration which can hide it from view for periods of time.It is a relatively shallow and insignificant crater formation with a somewhat eroded outer rim.
 Dundry Hill is immediately south of Bristol England: it includes farmland a small number of houses and a church. It stretches east-west for some two miles.The village of Dundry with its prominent church is near the summit. At the eastern end is Maes Knoll near Norton Malreward an Iron Age hillfort and the start of Wansdyke.
 Magone Lake is a 30-acre (12 ha) body of water in the Malheur National Forest of eastern Oregon in the United States. The lake at nearly 5000 feet (1500 m) above sea level is in Grant County 10 miles (16 km) north of the small city of John Day.
 The Yallahs River is a river in the parish of Saint Thomas Jamaica.Major landslides have developed in the Upper Yallahs River Watershed. As a result the river carries a greater silt load and scours its banks far more quickly. The Yallahs Ford downstream has widened tremendously leaving the coastal route vulnerable inundation after heavy rainstorms.
 Mont d'Ambin (in French) or Rocca d'Ambin (in Italian) is a mountain of Savoie France and of the Province of Turin Italy. It lies in the Mont Cenis range and on the Italian sides it commands the Val di Susa. It has an elevation of 3378 metres above sea level.
 Balandrau is a 2585 m high mountain located in the eastern region of the Pyrenees. It separates the valleys of Ribes de Freser and Camprodon Catalonia Spain. This mountain lies relatively close to Vall de Núria (Ripollès).
 Patricia Lake is a 32 acre spring-fed seepage lake close to the town of Minocqua Oneida County Wisconsin United States. It is located on the border between Onieda and Vilas counties just south of Wisconsin Highway 70 and northwest of Kawaguesaga Lake.The lake has no public access and boats with gasoline engines are prohibited.
 The Andreafsky River is a 120-mile (190 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. The Andreafsky flows south from near Iprugalet Mountain in the Yukon Delta National Wildlife Refuge to meet the larger river at Pitkas Point near the village of St. Mary's.In 1980 the Andreafsky and the East Fork Andreafsky rivers became part of the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System.
 Hiroshima Bay (広島湾 Hiroshima-wan) is a bay in the Inland Sea Japan. Administratively the bay is divided between Hiroshima and Yamaguchi Prefectures. The bay's shore is a Ria. Its surface area is about 1000 km² with a mean depth of 25 meters.
 The Dent Blanche is a mountain in the Pennine Alps lying in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. With its 4356 metres (14291 ft)-high summit it is one of the highest peaks in the Alps.
 Lago di Malciaussia is a man-made lake situated at an elevation of 1783 metres in the upper Valle di Viù in the north-west Italian province of Turin.The reservoir was constructed in the 1920s and 1930s by damming the Stura di Viù a tributary of the Stura di Lanzo for the generation of hydropower.
 The North Fork South Platte River is a tributary of the South Platte River approximately 50 miles (80 km) long in central Colorado in the United States.
 Kleiner Kulm is a mountain of Bavaria Germany. The mountain has a height of 626 m and thereby is the highest point of the Franconian Switzerland. On top there is a lookout tower of 11 meters which gives a view over the surrounding landscape.
 The Yuna River (Spanish: Río Yuna) is the second longest river in the Dominican Republic at 185.17 km (115.06 miles) in length. It forms within the Cordillera Central mountain range southwest of the city of Bonao and passes through the fertile Cibao Valley. The river from there turns north-northeast passing the city of Bonao along the way.
 The Dintievici River is a tributary of the Pârâul Întors in Romania.
 The Cordillera Vicuña Mackenna is the highest section of the Chilean Coast Range located in northern Chile west of Pampa del Tamarugal. Its peak reaches over 3000 meters. It runs north-south for approximately 170 km parallel to the Andes. The driest parts of Atacama Desert are located east of the range due to the rain shadow produced by it.The range is named after historian Benjamín Vicuña Mackenna.
 Baekunsan (lit. White Cloud Mountain) is a mountain located in Duseomyeon Ulju County Ulsan South Korea. It was previously named Albaksan (Hangul: 알박산) during the Silla Dynsasy. It has an elevation of 885 m (2904 ft).
 The Crăiasa River is a tributary of the Crişul Negru River in Romania. The upper reach of the river upstream of the junction with the Fagu River (Crăiasa) is also known as Pietrele Roșii River.
 Aristoteles is a lunar impact crater that lies near the southern edge of the Mare Frigoris and to the east of the Montes Alpes mountain range. To the south of Aristoteles lies the slightly smaller crater Eudoxus and these two form a distinctive pair for a telescope observer. An arc of mountains between these craters bends to the west before joining the walls. The smaller crater Mitchell is directly attached to the eastern rim of Aristoteles.
 Caño Guanaparo also known as the Guanare Viejo River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Laguna Mountains are a section of the Peninsular Ranges in eastern San Diego County California. The mountains run in a northwest/southeast alignment for approximately 20 miles (32 km).The Laguna Mountains are bordered by the Cuyamaca Mountains area on the west and the Colorado Desert on the east where the mountains form a steep escarpment along the Laguna Salada Fault.
 Fallhaugen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 The Giovria River is a tributary of the Câlnic River in Romania.
 Cime de Caron is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3195 metres above sea level.It is a mountain in the Three Valleys (Les Trois Vallees) a popular ski resort in the valley of Bellevile in the resort of Val Thorens. It has 4 ski slopes: 3 black and 1 red. One of the blacks (Combe de Rosael) goes into the secret fourth valley in the three valleys Orelle. Cime de Caron is one of the highest skiing points in the Three Valleys.
 Waugh Mountain elevation 11716 ft (3571 m) is a summit in Fremont County Colorado.
 Romeral is a stratovolcano located in Caldas Department Colombia. It is the northernmost Holocene volcano of South America.
 The Gull River is a river in Thunder Bay District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. The river is in the Great Lakes Basin and is a tributary of Lake Nipigon. The river's name is translated from the Ojibwa name gayaashk.
 The Valea Viei River is a tributary of the Glavacioc River located in Romania.
 The Herepea River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Black Creek is a river in the Golden Horseshoe region of Ontario Canada. It flows from the city of Vaughan in Regional Municipality of York to the Humber River in Toronto.
 Mount Bross is a fourteener (a mountain taller than 14000 feet) in the U.S. state of Colorado located approximately 1 mile (1.6 km) south of Mount Lincoln in the Mosquito Range. It lies in northwestern Park County.With a topographic prominence in the range of 292 to 332 feet (89 to 101 m) it barely qualifies as an independent peak by the standard 300 foot prominence rule.
 Lake Holiday is a man-made lake of 249 acres. It is located north of Winchester in Frederick County Virginia United States. The lake flows into Isaac's Creek. The main creeks feeding the lake are Isaac's Creek and Miller's Run along with many small unnamed creeks that flow into the lake.Lake Holiday is approximately one mile southwest of the boundary with the western border of Hampshire County West Virginia.
 Athabasca Pass (el. 1753 m or 5751 ft) is a high mountain pass in the Canadian Rockies. It is the headwaters of the Whirlpool River a tributary of the Athabasca River.In fur-trade days it connected Jasper House on the Athabasca River with Boat Encampment on the Columbia River.The pass lies between Mount Brown and McGillivray Ridge.
 The Seekarköpfe is a mountain in the Nauderer group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Valea Viilor River is a tributary of the Slatina River in Romania.
 The Brusturetul River is a tributary of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
 Ealees Brook is a water course in Greater Manchester named after the Ealees area of Littleborough. It flows northwards from the Ealees Valley to the River Roch in Littleborough.
 The Afon Cadnant is a small river on Anglesey North Wales which drains to the Menai Strait about 1 km north-east of the Menai Suspension Bridge.
 Steinbukampen is a mountain in the municipality of Lom in Oppland Norway.
 Pic d'Eina is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2789 metres (9150 ft) above sea level.
 The Mogoș River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 The Retezat Mountains (Romanian: Munţii Retezat) are one of the highest massifs in Romania being part of the Southern Carpathians. The highest peak is Peleaga (Vârful Peleaga) at an altitude of 2509 metres. Other important peaks are Păpuşa (Varful Păpuşa) and Retezat Peak (Vârful Retezat). The name means cut off in Romanian.
 The River Gowy is a river in Cheshire England and a tributary of the River Mersey.It rises in western Cheshire in the hills near Peckforton Castle very close to the source of the River Weaver. While the Weaver flows south initially the Gowy flows north and for several miles provides the valley used by the Shropshire Union Canal. It runs just to the east of Chester and passes through a syphon under the Manchester Ship Canal to meet the Mersey near Stanlow.
 The Tucker River is a river of Minnesota.
 Tyning's Barrow Swallet (grid reference ST47135638) is a cave between Charterhouse and Shipham in the limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. The cave is close to GB Cave and also to Charterhouse Cave the deepest cave in the region.Tyning's Barrow Swallet is 1.29 km (4200 ft) in length and reaches a depth of 132 m (433 ft).
 The Cimpoiașa River is a tributary of the Fântâna River in Romania.
 Bebrava is a 47.2 km long river in western Slovakia. It rises in the Strážovské vrchy mountains near the village of Čierna Lehota flowing at first south-west turning after some 10 km into south flowing through Bánovce nad Bebravou finally pouring into the Nitra River
 The Lozna Mică River is a headwater of the Lozna River in Romania.
 Klinke is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 The Klondike River is a tributary of the Yukon River in Canada that gave its name to the Klondike Gold Rush.
 The Clyne River (Welsh: Afon Clun) is a river in Swansea south Wales. It has a total length of 6.5 miles/10.5 kilometres and flows through the Clyne Valley Country Park for much of its length.
 Lake Inuria is a lake in Peru.
 The Licaș River or Licoș River is a tributary of the Veleşchia River in Romania.
 The Caçador Grande River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Paraná River basin and a tributary of the Timbó River.
 The Kastelhorn (also known as Punta del Castel) is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies north of the Basòdino.
 Lake Bagsværd is a lake in Northeastern Zealand Denmark. After Furesø it is the second largest lake in the Mølleå system. The lake is an appendix to the Mølleåen via Furå further on to Lyngby lake.The water quality in the lake is not suited for swimming as the lake still receives spillover from three outlets from the public sewer system. The sewer pollution is worsened by the fact that the water in the lake stays in the lake for several years.
 Mount Root also named Boundary Peak 165 is a mountain in Alaska and British Columbia located on the Canada-United States border and part of the Fairweather Range of the Saint Elias Mountains. It is named for Elihu Root who was one of the diplomats involved in settling the Alaska boundary dispute between the United States and Canada. It is where the Margerie Glacier is located.The first ascent was made by Laurel Adkins Thomas Distler George Fisher and Walter Grove in 1977.
 Cueva de la Pileta (Cave of the Pool in English) is a cave in the province of Málaga (Spain) which has cave paintings and was discovered in 1905.
 The Chartreuse Mountains (French: massif de la Chartreuse French: [ʃaʁ.tʁøːz]) is a mountain range in southeastern France stretching to the north from the city of Grenoble to the Lac du Bourget. It is the southernmost range in the Jura Mountains and belongs to the French Prealps. One of the larger cities in the Chartreuse Mountains is Voiron (Isère).The monastic Carthusian Order takes its name from these mountains where its first hermitage was founded in 1084.
 The São João River (Paraná River) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Čárajávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 7-square-kilometre (2.7 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 30 kilometres (19 mi) west of the village of Masi.
 The Harvey River is a river in Western Australia and is the southernmost of the three major waterways which drain into the Peel-Harvey Estuary with its delta in the southern extreme of the Harvey Estuary. It is about 90 km in length rising near Mount Keats. Due to flooding of grazing land the river was diverted to discharge directly into the ocean in 1934.The river was first encountered by Dr Alexander Collie and Lieutenant William Preston in an expedition in November 1829.
 The Valea Botului River is a tributary of the Fruntești River in Romania.
 Haller Lake is a small lake and neighborhood in north central Seattle Washington US named for Theodore N. Haller who platted the neighborhood in 1905. His father Granville O. Haller was one of Seattle's early settlers an army officer who amassed a large estate in the region.The Duwamish tribe called the lake Calmed Down a Little (Lushootseed: seesáhLtub) probably referring to the lake site as a place of refuge during slave raids.
 The Curcubata River is a tributary of the Martin River in Romania.
 Chui River redirects here. For the South American Chuí or Chuy River on the Brazil-Uruguay border and Brazil's southernmost point see Chuí Stream. For the Nam Sam River or Chu River on the Lao-Vietnam border see Nam Sam River.The Chu (or Chui or Chuy) (Kyrgyz: Чүй Kazakh: Шу Russian: Чу) is a river in northern Kyrgyzstan and southern Kazakhstan.
 The Trapezoaia River is a tributary of the Pârâul Alb in Romania.
 Klein is a lunar impact crater that is located across the western rim of the larger crater Albategnius in the central highlands region of the Moon.The rim of Klein has been worn and incised by a history of impacts and the western rim is larger than the remainder. There are low saddles in both the northern and southern parts of the rim and the crater Klein A cuts through the northeast rim. The floor has been covered and smoothed by a lava flow and there is a small central peak.
 The St. Croix River (French: Holy Cross) is a tributary of the Mississippi River approximately 169 miles (272 km) long in the U.S. states of Wisconsin and Minnesota. The lower 125 miles (201 km) of the river form the border between Wisconsin and Minnesota. The river is a National Scenic Riverway under the protection of the National Park Service. A hydroelectric plant at St. Croix Falls supplies power to the Minneapolis–St. Paul metropolitan area.
 Poor Meadow Brook is a 5.8-mile-long (9.3 km) stream within the Taunton River Watershed in southeastern Massachusetts. The stream runs from a wetland near County Street (the eastern crossing of Route 14) in Hanson to the confluence with the Satucket River in East Bridgewater.
 The Ierboasa River or Erboasa River is a tributary of the Leşu River in Romania.
 The Smoky Mountains are part of the Rocky Mountains and located on the west side of the Wood River Valley near Sun Valley Idaho in the Western United States. The range is within Sawtooth National Forest while part of it is within the Sawtooth National Recreation Area.
 The Vama Mică River is a tributary of the Vama Mare river in Romania.
 The Karerpass (Italian: Passo di Costalunga; Ladin: Jouf de Ciareja; German: Karerpass) (1745 m) is a high mountain pass in the province of South Tyrol in Italy. It connects Bolzano through the Eggental and the Welschnofen Valley with the Fassa Valley. Just below the pass on the Welschnofen Valley side is the stunningly blue Karersee lake.
 Tokoro River (常呂川 Tokoro-gawa) is a river in Hokkaidō Japan.
 Ragged Mountain est. 761 feet (232 m) is a traprock mountain ridge located 3 miles (5 km) west of New Britain Connecticut in the town of Southington and Berlin Connecticut.It is part of the narrow linear Metacomet Ridge that extends from Long Island Sound near New Haven Connecticut north through the Connecticut River Valley of Massachusetts to the Vermont border.
 The Lower Lake or Chhota Talaab is a lake in Bhopal the capital of Madhya Pradesh state of India. Along with the Upper Lake it forms the Bhoj Wetland.
 Rottenbach (Ilmenau) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Valea Mărului River is a tributary of the Cenușa River in Romania.
 The Rivière du Milieu (River of the middle) (popularly named River pike”) flows southward in the unorganized territory of Lac-Masketsi in the Mekinac Regional County Municipality in Mauricie in Quebec in Canada.The economy of this sector is based on the forestry and railways activities as well as tourist activities including hunting fishing ATVs and snowmobiles. Since the early 20th century this area is served by the Canadian National Railway between Hervey-Jonction and La Tuque.
 Riggs Glacier is a glacier in Glacier Bay National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins on the southern slope of the Takhinsha Mountains 6 km (4 mi) southeast of Mount Harris and flows south-southeast to the head of Muir Inlet 69 km (43 mi) southwest of Skagway.It was named by the American Geographical Society in 1947 for Thomas Riggs Jr. Governor of Alaska from 1918 to 1921.
 Mount Batu Brinchang (Malay: Gunung Batu Brinchang) is the highest mountain in the Cameron Highlands area that can be accessed by car. It is situated at the Perak-Pahang border in Malaysia. It is one of the mountains in Malaysia where its summit can be reached by road. Due to easy accessibility this mountain enjoys many visitors all year round.
 The Turabo River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Reykjanesskagi (pronounced [ˈreːicjanɛsskʰajI]) Suðurnes or Reykjanes is a peninsula situated at the southwestern end of Iceland near the capital of Reykjavík. It was named after Reykjanes the southwestern tip Reykjanesskagi.The peninsula is marked by active volcanism under its surface and large lava fields allowing little vegetation.
 The Șugău River is a tributary of the Ozunca River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Şugăul Mare and Şugăul Mic
 Muturi River is a river in southern West Papua Indonesia.
 Jatun Mayu (Quechua hatun jatun big great mayu river great river) is a Bolivian river in the Cochabamba Department Esteban Arce Province in the Anzaldo and Sacabamba Municipalities. Its waters flow to Laguna Angostura.Upstream the river is called Challaque. Its direction is mainly north west as it flows along Challaque Sacabamba Matarani and Apillapa. Before reaching the town Cliza Jatun Mayu receives the name Siches River or Cliza River. It is the main tributary of Laguna Angostura.
 Rudaki is a crater on Mercury. On the floor of Rudaki and also in a broad region surrounding it to the west are smooth plains which are far less cratered than the neighboring terrain (except for the small secondary craters from the large fresh crater to the west of Rudaki). Detailed studies of Mariner 10 images led to the conclusion that these plains near Rudaki were formed by volcanic flows on the surface of Mercury.
 Piz di Sassiglion (2855 m) is a mountain of the Livigno Alps located on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It is the highest summit of the chain south of the Passo di Malghera. The mountain lies east of Poschiavo (Graubünden) and west of the Val Grosina (Lombardy).
 Laguna Chilata is a lake in the Larecaja Province La Paz Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 5030 m its surface area is 0.05 km².
 The Valea Uzei River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 The Galeșu River is a tributary of the Sibişel River in Romania.
 Puig-l'agulla is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 810 metres above sea level.
 Shiceng Dashan (simplified Chinese: 十层大山; traditional Chinese: 十層大山; pinyin: Shícéng Dàshān) is a mountain at the junction of the borders of Laos China and Vietnam.According to the news report the three countries have a border dispute in which a pending agreement is on the table. There is a monolith at the top marking the tripoint spot.Its name means ten layer big mountain.
 The Cristeasa River is a tributary of the Storhașu River in Romania.
 Ilimuda is a volcano located in the eastern part of the island of Flores Indonesia. It lies north of Lewotobi volcano and west of the Konga Bay.
 The Androscoggin River is a river in the U.S. states of Maine and New Hampshire in northern New England. It is 178 miles (286 km) long and joins the Kennebec River at Merrymeeting Bay in Maine before its water empties into the Gulf of Maine on the Atlantic Ocean. Its drainage basin is 3530 square miles (9100 km2) in area.
 Chapman River is a river in the Mid West region of Western Australia.
 Silberberg is a mountain of Bavarian Forest Bavaria Germany.
 The Piquiri River (Portuguese Rio Piquiri) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paraná River. Its name is officially spelled Piquiri with variants including Peguirí Pequir Pequirí Pequiry and Piquiry.
 Uia di Ciamarella or just Ciamarella (3676 m) is a mountain on the border between France and Italy.
 The Greaca River is a tributary of the Lozova River in Romania.
 The Zirkelstein is the smallest table mountain of Saxon Switzerland. It is a wooded cone-shaped hill with a striking 40 metre high summit block of sandstone rock.
 Kuh-e Hajji Koshteh (Persian: کوه حاجی کشته ‎; mountain with aromatic pines or Alhagi-mountain Asparagus Mountain) is a mountain of the Alburz in Iran. It is situated near Nishapur in the North Khorasan Province.
 Sunwapta Peak is a peak located in the Sunwapta River valley of Jasper National Park just north of the Columbia Icefield. The peak was named in 1892 after the Stoney Indian word Sunwapta meaning turbulent river. The mountain can be seen from the Icefields Parkway (Highway 93).
 The Ursul River or Urs River is a tributary of the Țibău River in Romania.
 The Buff Bay River is a river of Jamaica.
 The South River is a 13.7-mile-long (22.0 km) river in the U.S. state of Virginia. Rising northeast of Swift Run Gap in Shenandoah National Park the river flows southeast to the Rapidan River near Burtonville. It is part of the Rappahannock River watershed.
 Gailey Reservoir is a pair of canal feeder reservoirs in South Staffordshire separated by a dam and owned by British Waterways. Gailey Upper Reservoir is to the east; Gailey Lower Reservoir to the west.A connected reservoir Calf Heath Reservoir stands a little further to the west beyond the M6 motorway. Calf Heath Reservoir is also where Greensforge Sailing Club is located.
 Lake Carmi is a small and relatively shallow lake located in the town of Franklin in the northwest corner of Vermont United States. It is the fourth largest lake and has a 1375 acres (5.56 km2) surface area an average depth of 20 ft (6.1 m) and a maximum depth of 33 ft (10 m).Lake Carmi supports many species of fish including northern pike and walleye. The lake drains northwards into the Pike River in Quebec. Lake Carmi was once much larger.
 The Bull Run Mountains is a mountain range in northern Elko County in the northeastern section of the state of Nevada in the Basin and Range region of the western United States. Much of the range is contained within the Mountain City Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. Porter Peak at 9157 feet (2791 m) is the highest point of the range.
 Iivantiira is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It belongs to Oulujoki main catchment area and it is situated in Kuhmo municipality in the Kainuu region. Iivantiira is connected to the lake Juttuajärvi with Hoikka strait and together they form a lake Iivantiira–Juttuajärvi. The lake belongs to Änättijärvi–Lentiira–Iivantiira–Lentua kayaking route named The Tar Route.
 The Târșa River is a tributary of the Valea Roşie River in Romania.
 The Tadmor River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally north from its sources in the Hope Range to reach the Motueka River three kilometres northwest of Tapawera.
 The Beuș River is a tributary of the Rușor River in Romania
 Passu Sar (or Passu Sar Passu I) is a mountain peak in the Batura Muztagh a sub-range of the Karakoram mountain range located in the Gilgit District of Gilgit-Baltistan Pakistan west of the Hunza Valley. It is the high point of the Passu massif which also includes Passu Diar (or Passu East Pasu II). The peak lies on the main ridge of the Batura Muztagh about 7 km (4 mi) east of Batura Sar.
 Pointe Bayeux is a mountain of Haute-Savoie France. It lies in the Mont Blanc Massif range. It has an altitude of 4258 metres above sea level.
 Amapari River is a river of Amapá state in north-eastern Brazil.
 Veisjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Daniel Glacier is in Wenatchee National Forest in the U.S. state of Washington and is on the north slope of Mount Daniel. Daniel Glacier retreated almost 500 m (1600 ft) between 1950 and 2005. Daniel Glacier is separated from Lynch Glacier to the west by a ridge.
 Gelpe is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Cottonwood Mountains are a mountain range in eastern Lassen County California near Nevada.
 The Pârâul Frumos or Frumosu River is a tributary of the Putna in Romania.
 The Neversink Gorge is located in the town of Forestburgh New York USA and is one of the more outstanding features of the Neversink River.
 The Aluniş River (also called Moghioroş River or Pârâul Mic Sărat) is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Yaquina Bay (/jəˈkwɪnə/ yə-KWIN-ə) is a small bay partially within Newport Oregon United States located where the Yaquina River flows into the Pacific Ocean. It is traversed by the Yaquina Bay Bridge. The bay's area is about 8 km² (3.2 mi²).
 Mount Kelly (70°47′S 164°19′E) is a prominent peak (1110 m) located 3 nautical miles (6 km) northwest of Mount Burch in the western portion of the Anare Mountains a major mountain range situated in Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was so named by ANARE (Australian National Antarctic Research Expeditions) for Second Lieutenant R.M.
 Goheonsan is a mountain in the vicinity of the city of Ulsan South Korea. It has an elevation of 1032 m (3386 ft).
 The Santa Rosa River (Portuguese Rio Santa Rosa) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Uruguay River.
 The Little Obed River is a ten mile long stream in the Cumberland Plateau in Cumberland County Tennessee.The Little Obed rises east of Crossville and from near its source flows in a deep gorge that it has cut into the rocks capping the plateau primarily sandstones of the Pennsylvanian Period. The depth of the gorge seems disproportionate to the size of the stream as is typical of many of the streams of the plateau.
 The Pologașu River or Măgura River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 The Wyrley and Essington Canal known locally as the Curly Wyrley is a canal in the English Midlands. As built it ran from Wolverhampton to Huddlesford Junction near Lichfield with a number of branches: some parts are currently derelict. Pending planned restoration to Huddlesford the navigable mainline now terminates at Ogley Junction near Brownhills. In 2008 it was designated a Local Nature Reserve.
 Lötsjön is a small lake in Sundbyberg a municipality north of Stockholm Sweden. The shallow lake features a rich variety of water birds and a fountain. A promenade of approx. 1.4 km length leads around Lötsjön.Swimming in the lake is prohibited.The lake Råstasjön is located in close proximity to the east of Lötsjön.
 Lake Taharoa is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand near Ripiro Beach.There is also a lake of the same name in the Waikato region.
 Bragg is an ancient lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just beyond the northwest limb. This formation has been heavily eroded and reshaped by subsequent impacts leaving an irregular depression in the surface. The most intact portion of the rim is along the western face while the northern and eastern rim has been nearly worn away and is overlaid by several smaller craters.
 The Dry Andes (Spanish: Andes áridos) is a climatic and glaciological subregion of the Andes. Together with the Wet Andes it is one of the two subregions of the Argentine and Chilean Andes. The Dry Andes runs from the Atacama Desert in northern Chile and Argentina south to a latitude of 35°S in Chile. In Argentina the Dry Andes reaches 40°S due to the leeward effect of the Andes. According to Luis Lliboutrythe Dry Andes can be defined after the distribution of penitentes.
 Kreuzbach (Strudelbach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Baltic Sea is a mediterranean sea located between Central and Northern Europe from 53°N to 66°N latitude and from 10°E to 30°E longitude. It is bounded by the Swedish part of the Scandinavian Peninsula the mainland of Europe and the Danish islands. It drains into the Kattegat by way of the Øresund the Great Belt and the Little Belt. The Kattegat continues through Skagerrak into the North Sea and the Atlantic Ocean.
 Mount Defiance is a mountain in Passaic County New Jersey. The peak rises to 1040 feet (317 m). It is part of the Ramapo Mountains.Mount Defiance is part of Ringwood State Park.
 Brasstown Bald is the highest natural point in the state of Georgia USA with a summit elevation of 4784 feet (1458 m) above mean sea level.The mountain is known to the native Cherokee people as Enotah. It is named for the former Cherokee village of Brasstown Georgia located along the upper Brasstown Creek.
 The Rivière Madame is a river of Martinique.
 Fremont Peak is in the San Francisco Peaks of northern Arizona. It is the third highest point in the state of Arizona. The peak is within the Coconino National Forest and the Kachina Peaks WildernessFremont offers the best year round views of the south from any high point in the San Francisco Peaks. It can be seen from Flagstaff Arizona as the pointy peak on the right.
 Tereshkova is a relatively small lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located along the western perimeter of the Mare Moscoviense and to the southeast of the crater Feoktistov. It is named for cosmonaut Valentina Tereshkova the first woman in space.The rim of this crater resembles a rounded hexagon in outline. There is a small cup-shaped crater near the outer edge of the southern rim. The eastern ramparts of this crater merge with the edge of the Mare Moscoviense.
 The Malvathu River (Sinhala: මල්වතු ඔය Tamil: அருவி ஆறு) is a 164 km (102 mi) long river in Sri Lanka connecting the city of Anuradhapura which was the capital of the country for over 15 centuries to the coast of Mannar. It currently ranks as the second longest river in the country with a great historic significance. The northern part of the river and sometimes the whole river was once been known as Aruvi Aru'.
 The Confidence Hills are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert in southern Inyo County California.
 The River Lune is a river in Cumbria and Lancashire England. The river is formed at Wath in the parish of Ravenstonedale Cumbria at the confluence of Sandwath Beck and Weasdale Beck. It then passes the remnants of a Roman fort near Low Borrowbridge at the foot of Borrowdale and flows through south Cumbria meeting the Irish Sea at Plover Scar near Lancaster after a total journey of about 44 miles (71 km).The valley of the Lune has three parts.
 The Kumbharli Ghat is a mountain pass in Maharashtra India cutting across the Western Ghats range. It connects the coastal Ratnagiri District Konkan region of Maharashtra with the Satara District Desh region on the Deccan plateau. It is one of few link roads between the Konkan and Ghatmaatha in Maharashtra. The road a state highway is at an average elevation of 625 m (2051 ft). It links the cities of Chiplun (Ratnagiri district) and Karad (Satara district).
 John Hendry Park is 27 hectare park in the city of Vancouver British Columbia Canada. Trout Lake is located in the center of the park and is operated by the Vancouver Parks Board and the Grandview Community Association. The park is often referred to by the locals as Trout Lake.
 Template:July 2013The Castellana Caves (Italian: Grotte di Castellana) are a remarkable karst cave system located in the municipality of Castellana Grotte in the province of Bari Apulia. They are one of the most famous show caves of Italy.
 The Valea lui Dăniș River is a tributary of the Bădeni river in Romania.
 Loch Ettrick is a body of water near Thornhill and Ae Dumfries and Galloway in the Southern Uplands of Scotland.
 Kuohattijärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the region of Northern Karelia in Finland.
 The Neagra River is a tributary of the Șorogari River in eastern Romania.
 Sierra de Segura is a mountain range of the Prebaetic System in the Jaén Province in Spain. It is named after the ancient town of Segura de la Sierra and it gives its name to the Segura River. Its highest point is the 1993 m high Las Banderillas peak. This mountain range is located between the Sierra Nevada the Sierra de Cazorla and Sierra de Baza mountain ranges.
 The Bibans or Biban Range (Arabic: البيبان‎ Kabylian: Tiggoura) are a chain of mountains in northern Algeria bordering the south of Kabylie. The highest summits are 1862 m high Mansoura (جبل منصورة) and 1832 m high Choukchout (جبل شوكشوط). The Bibans are a subrange of the Tell Atlas.The strategic Iron Gates mountain passes are located in the range and gave their name to the Biban Mountains.Some authors claim that the range was known as El Ouennougha before the French colonization of Algeria.
 The Belá (Hungarian: Béla-patak) is a river 22 km in length in northern Slovakia. It is a right tributary to the Váh into which it flows at the town of Liptovský Hrádok. The Belá itself is formed by two tributaries the streams Tichý potok and Kôprovský potok whose sources are in the High Tatra mountains and which have their confluence near Podbanské part of the town of Vysoké Tatry.The Belá is well suited to rafting and kayaking.
 Not to be confused with the River Mease; a protected river in the East MidlandsThe River Meese is a river in Shropshire England.It is a tributary of the River Tern itself a tributary of the River Severn.
 Moel yr Ewig is a top of Cadair Berwyn in north east Wales. It lies on ridge heading south from Cadair Berwyn's summit. The summits of Godor and Godor North Top are to be found further down the ridge.The summit is a grassy knoll marked by a few stones.
 Maria-Einsiedel-Mühlbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Brynica (German: Brinitz) is a river in Silesia and Lesser Poland (Małopolska) Poland. It has a length of 55 km and is the main confluence of Czarna Przemsza. It has a source in Mysłów and flows through Piekary Śląskie Wojkowice Czeladź Siemianowice Śląskie Świerklaniec Katowice Sosnowiec and finally Mysłowice where it joins Czarna Przemsza.
 Lago di Palagnedra is a manmade lake at Palagnedra Ticino Switzerland. The reservoir has a capacity of 4260000 m3 (3450 acre·ft) and a surface area of 0.25 km². The dam on the Melezza river was completed in 1952 height 72 m (236 ft).
 Mount Tutoko is the highest peak in Fiordland National Park in southwest New Zealand. It lies between the Hollyford Valley and Milford Sound 15 kilometres due north of the Homer Tunnel and rises to a height of 2723 metres (8934 ft).
 The Wien is a river that flows through the city of Vienna. It is 34 kilometres long (21 miles) of which 15 km are within the city. Its drainage basin covers an area of 230 km² (89 mi²) both in the city and in the neighbouring Wienerwald.In German the river is colloquially called the Wienfluss.
 Beinn Alligin (Gaelic: Beinn Àilleagan) one of the classic mountains of the Torridon region of Scotland lying to the north of Loch Torridon in the Highlands. The name Beinn Alligin is from the Scottish Gaelic meaning Jewelled Hill. The mountain has two peaks of Munro status: Tom na Gruagaich (922 m) to the south and Sgùrr Mhòr at 3235 feet (986 m) to the north.
 Karymsky (Russian: Карымская сопка Karymskaya sopka) is a hyperactive stratovolcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula Russia. It is the most active volcano on the Kamchatka Peninsula as well as the most active volcano of Kamchatka's eastern volcanic zone a symmetrical stratovolcano constructed within a 5-km-wide caldera that formed during the early Holocene. Much of the cone is mantled by lava flows less than 200 years old.
 Beaver Valley (Utah) is a 16-mile (26 km) long small valley located in eastern Beaver County. The valley is nestled between three mountain ranges with the Mineral Mountains at its western border but also an outlying peak section on the mountain range northeast forming the northern border of the valley.Beaver Valley is the location of the county seat of Beaver and from the mountains numerous creeks streams and the Beaver River converge.
 The Oregon high desert is a region of the U.S. state of Oregon located east of the Cascade Range and south of the Blue Mountains in the central and eastern parts of the state. Divided into a southern region and a northern region the desert covers most of five Oregon counties and averages 4000 feet (1200 m) above sea level. The southern region is part of the Great Basin.
 Becco Lake is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.
 Hungry Hill (Irish: Cnoc Daod) is a mountain on the Beara Peninsula in the Republic of Ireland. With a height of 685 metres (2247 ft) it is the highest peak of the Caha Mountains and the 130th highest in Ireland. Hungry Hill lies on the border of counties Cork and Kerry although the peak is on the Cork side.There is a cairn at the summit and a number of standing stones to the south and east of the mountain.
 Botticelli is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 143 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Botticelli is named for the Italian painter Sandro Botticelli who lived from 1445 to 1510.
 Szotkówka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Olza. Its own tributaries include the Kolejówka.
 Van den Bos is a small lunar crater that is joined to the south-southwestern outer rim of the slightly larger crater Tamm. About one crater diameter to the west is Vil'ev. Farther away to the east is the prominent Chaplygin and to the south-southwest lies Marconi. van den Bos is located on the far side of the Moon and cannot be viewed directly from the Earth.This is a shallow crater formation with some wear along its rim.
 The Lăpușnicul Mare River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Bucura and Peleaga
 Chuqisapra (Quechua chuqi metal every kind of precious metal / gold (<Aymara) sapra beard hispanicized spellings Choquesafra Choquezafra) is a mountain in the Willkapampa mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5152 metres (16903 ft) high. It is located in the Cusco Region La Convención Province Vilcabamba District. Chuqisapra lies west of the P'anta group and south of the river Ranq'awayq'u (Rancahuayco). The river Wakchay (Huajchay) originates northwest of the mountain.
 The Manzano Mountains are a small mountain range in the central part of the US State of New Mexico. They are oriented north-south and are about 40 miles (65 km) long. The center of the range lies about 25 miles (40 km) southeast of Albuquerque and the northern foothills (termed the Manzanitas) are just a few miles east of the edge of the city.
 The Semenic River is a headwater of the Timiş River in Romania.
 The Nidda is a right tributary of the Main river in Hesse.It springs from the Vogelsberg on the Taufstein mountain range near the town of Schotten flows through the Niddastausee dam and the towns of Nidda Niddatal Karben and Bad Vilbel. At Harheim it reaches the Frankfurt am Main city area and after 98 km enters the Main in Frankfurt's Höchst quarter.In the 1920s and 1960s the flow of the Nidda was regulated to reduce the risk of floods.
 Somosomo Creek is a river of Taveuni Fiji.
 Cayuta Creek (Kay-YOO-tuh) is a tributary of the Susquehanna River that flows through Schuyler Chemung and Tioga counties in New York state and Bradford County Pennsylvania.It is 35.2 miles (56.6 km) long rising at Cayuta Lake sometimes locally referred to as Little Lake near Alpine in the town of Catherine in eastern Schuyler County.The creek flows from the lake in a southeasterly direction roughly parallel to New York State Route 224 past Alpine Junction and the hamlet of Cayuta.
 Wager Bay (previously: Wager River) is long narrow inlet in Kivalliq Region Nunavut Canada which opens east into Roes Welcome Sound at the northwest end of Hudson Bay. Ukkusiksalik National Park surrounds it.Wager Bay was first charted by Christopher Middleton during his Arctic explorations of 1742. He named it after Sir Charles Wager and was trapped in the bay for three weeks until the ice cleared in Roes Welcome Sound. In 1747 William Moor sent boat parties to the head of the bay.
 The Weschnitz is a 58.9 km long right tributary of the Rhine River running through the German states of Hesse and Baden-Württemberg. The name of the river traces to the Celtic god Visucius who was worshiped in the region.The river source is in the Odenwald in the town of Grasellenbach. It then flows in a westerly direction through a number of communities including Fürth Rimbach Mörlenbach and Birkenau. At Weinheim the river splits into two branches as it enters the Upper Rhine Plain.
 The Mlaca Fântânii River is a tributary of the Priboiașa River in Romania.
 Sucunduri River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Timber Run is a tributary of Rocky Brook in Mercer County New Jersey in the United States.
 The Feuerstein is a twin peak in the Stubai Alps on the border of Tyrol and South Tyrol.
 The Croton Falls Reservoir is a small reservoir in the Putnam County New York townships of Carmel and Southeast roughly 50 miles (80 km) miles north of New York City.
 The River Ribble is a river that runs through North Yorkshire and Lancashire in Northern England.
 Deua River a perennial river of the Moruya River catchment is located in the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Šešuvis is a river in western Lithuania and the main tributary of the Jūra River. Šešuvis begins 12 km (7.5 mi) northwest of Raseiniai and flows mostly in the southwest direction. Its main tributaries are the Ančia Šaltuona Agluona Žalpė and Įkojis rivers. There are almost no lakes in Šešuvis' basin therefore its water level is subject to great seasonal fluctuations.
 Roche Chevrière is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3281 metres above sea level.
 Gunica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Oder.
 The Gropșoarele Stână River is a tributary of the Gropşoarele River in Romania.
 Attabad Lake Gojal also known as Gojal Lake is a lake in the Gojal Valley of northern Pakistan created in January 2010 by a landslide dam.The lake was formed due to a massive landslide at Attabad village in Gilgit-Baltistan 9 miles (14 km) upstream (east) of Karimabad that occurred on January 4 2010. The landslide killed twenty people and blocked the flow of the Hunza River for five months.
 The Silhoasa River or Sihoasa River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 The Mogheruș River or Măgheruș River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania
 Upper Flood Swallet (grid reference ST50575576) which was originally known as Blackmoor Flood Swallet is a cave near Charterhouse in the carboniferous limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. The cave is part of the Cheddar Complex SSSI.The entrance was revealed in the Great Flood of 1968 giving the cave its name. It was dug consistently since then with breakthroughs occurring in 1971 1972 1985 and 2006.At of September 2008 it is over 3.5 km in length and around 125m deep.
 The Little Wicomico River is a 9-mile-long (14 km) river in the United States state of Virginia. The river mostly tidal lows into Chesapeake Bay at the junction of the south shore of the Potomac River which is also the Maryland-Virginia boundary with Chesapeake Bay.
 Mount Ōsasa (大笹峰 Ōsasa-mine) is a 1807.3 m (5929 ft) mountain of Chushin Highland located in Nagawa Nagano Prefecture Japan. This mountain is a part of the Yatsugatake-Chūshin Kōgen Quasi-National Park.
 The Nadăș River (Hungarian: Nádas-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. The name in Hungarian means reedy. The Romanian name derives from that.
 Mount Langford el. 10623 feet (3238 m) is a mountain peak in the Absaroka Range in Yellowstone National Park. The peak is named for Nathaniel P. Langford the first superintendent of Yellowstone and a leader of the Washburn–Langford–Doane Expedition to Yellowstone in 1870. The expedition and Langford's subsequent promotion in Scribner's helped in the creation of the park in 1872.On September 7 1870 the Washburn expedition was camped along the southwestern shore of Yellowstone Lake.
 Dondert is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Alpbach (Tegernsee) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Ash Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Llyn Ogwen is a ribbon lake in north-west Wales. It lies alongside the A5 road between two mountain ranges of Snowdonia the Carneddau and the Glyderau.
 The Jibra River is a tributary of the Moaşa river in Romania.
 The Batmoș River is a tributary of the Crivadia River in Romania.
 Altenburg is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 The Chalinga River is a river of Chile.
 Lac de Chailloux is a small lake at Contrevoz in the Ain department France.
 Camp Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. Sawtooth National Forest trail 461 leads to the lake.Camp Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 The Prieto River (Maricao Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Renqingxiubu  or Renqingxiubucuo (Chinese: 仁青休布错; pinyin: Rénqīng Xiūbù Cuò) also known as Rinchen Shubtso (Tibetan: རིན་ཆེན་ཤུབས་མཚོ་ Wylie: rin chen shubs mtsho ZYPY: Rinchen Shuptso) is a salt lake in Zhongba County in the Shigatse Prefecture of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. It is located about 45 kilometres northwest of Taruo Lake and southeast of Ang Laren Lake.It is 21.5 km long and 16.4 km wide and has an area of 187.1 square km.
 The Bonang River is a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment located in the Alpine region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Trout Bog Lake also known as Bog 12-15 is a small bog lake in Vilas County Wisconsin. It is located near the south basin of the much larger Trout Lake. The lake is entirely surrounded by vegetation except for a logging road that provides access to it. Being a bog the pH is extremely low; on average it is 4.8.
 Eungboksan (aka Eungbongsan) is a mountain in the counties of Yangyang and Hongcheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1359.6 m (4461 ft).
 The Ciocârlia River is a tributary of the Miloveanu River in Romania.
 Camel's Hump (alternatively Camels Hump) is Vermont's third-highest mountain and highest undeveloped peak. Because of its distinctive profile it is perhaps the state's most recognized mountain featured on the state quarter. It is part of the Green Mountain range. With its neighbor to the north Mount Mansfield it borders the notch that the Winooski River has carved through the ridgeline of the Green Mountains over eons.
 The Luștiu River is a tributary of the Zimbru River in Romania.
 The Cady Mountains are a mountain range in the Mojave Desert in San Bernardino County California.They are found in southeastern California between Interstate 15 and Interstate 40 just east of Newberry Springs. The range lies to the west of the Bristol Mountains and reach an elevation of 3980 feet (1210 m) above sea level at Sleeping Beauty at the southern end of the range.The Pisgah Crater is found south of the Cady Mountains on the south side of Interstate 40.
 Evans Peak is a peak to the Northwest of Alouette Lake in Golden Ears Provincial Park British Columbia.
 The Pârâul Morii is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 Pointes et aiguille de l'Épéna is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3421 metres above sea level.
 South Fork Piney River is a tributary of the Piney River in Eagle County Colorado. The river flows north from a source near Red and White Mountain in the White River National Forest to a confluence with the Piney River.
 Papagaio River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Stanley Reservoir is one of largest fishing reservoirs in South India[citation needed]. Its main source of water is the River Kaveri (Cauvery). Three minor tributaries; Palar Chennar and Thoppar enter into the Kaveri on her course above Stanley Reservoir. The water is retained by the Mettur Dam Tamil Nadu. Its total capacity is more than 90000000000 cubic feet (90 Tmcft).The Stanley Reservoir is one of the largest of its kind in India[citation needed]. It was completed in 1934.
 The Valea Poienilor River is a tributary of the Şieu River in Romania.
 Santo Lake is a lake in the Province of Parma Emilia-Romagna Italy. At an elevation of 1507 m its surface area is 0.0815 km².
 The Apodi River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 Limestack Mountain is a 6250-foot (1905 m) mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska located within Gates of the Arctic National Park in the central Brooks Range mountains. The continental divide between the Arctic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean runs along the mountain's northern edge.
 Tri Sestry (Russian: Три сестры the three sisters) is a stratovolcano located in the central part of Urup Island Kuril Islands Russia.
 Aksu is one of the main water streams of Giresun Province located in eastern Black Sea Region of Turkey. Its name is Turkish for white water.
 Lybid (Ukrainian: Либідь) is a small river in Kiev Ukraine a right tributary of the Dnieper flowing within the Right Bank (original) part of the city just to the west of the historic center. The Lybid has played an important role in shaping Kiev's urban landscape and later in aiding the city's drainage system.
 Lava River Cave is a lava tube cave in northern Arizona's Coconino National Forest. At approximately 0.75-mile (1.21 km) long it is the longest cave of this kind known in Arizona. The cave was discovered by some lumbermen in 1915. The cave has also historically been referred to as Government Cave due to its location on the eastern edge of Government Prairie and southeast of Government Peak.
 The Dubna is a river in eastern Latvia a right tributary of the Daugava. It joins the Daugava in the town of Līvāni.
 Chappell is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon in the northern hemisphere just to the north of the crater Debye. This feature is located in a heavily bombarded section of the surface and much of the outer rim of the crater is overlain by many smaller craters. The northern rim in particular has been almost completely disintegrated while small craters also overlie the rim to the northwest and southeast.
 The Ural (Russian: Урал pronounced [uˈrɑɫ]) or Jayıq/Zhayyq (Bashkir: Яйыҡ pronounced [jɑˈjɯ̞q] Kazakh: Жайық pronounced [ʒɑjə́q]) known as Yaik (Russian: Яик) before 1775 is a river flowing through Russia and Kazakhstan. It originates in the southern Ural Mountains and ends at the Caspian Sea. Its total length is 1509 mi (2428 km) making it the third longest river in Europe after the Volga and the Danube (and the 18th longest river in Asia).
 The Bratilov River is a tributary of the Milcovăţ River in Romania.
 Castle Mountain is a forested mountain ridge in Pendleton County West Virginia in the United States. Running from the southwest to the northeast the mountain is bounded to its west by North Fork Mountain and to its east by a series of rolling hills.
 Big Lake is an intermittent dry lake located one-mile (1.6 km) south and southwest of the city of Big Lake in Reagan County Texas.Covering approximately 1300 acres (530 ha) the playa lies in a floodplain and is fed primarily by Big Lake Draw and a number of other unnamed smaller draws. Scrub brush mesquite juniper grasses and water-tolerant hardwoods grow around the lake.
 The Butcher Hills el. 3553 feet (1083 m) is a set of hills near Ekalaka Montana in Carter County Montana.
 The Smida River is a tributary of the Bârzava River in Romania.
 Lake Sebring is a natural freshwater lake in Highlands County Florida and located north of Sebring Florida and Lake Jackson. The lake is somewhat oval shaped and has a 494-acre (2000000 m2) surface area. The lake is named for Sebring's developer George Sebring.The entire south shore and parts of the north and east shores of Lake Sebring are lined with residences. The Sebring Lakeside Golf Resort Inn and Tea Room on Sebring Drive is on the south side of the lake.
 The Pârâul Șurii is a tributary of the Colbu River in Romania.
 Schutter is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Bahna River is a tributary of the Buhai River in Romania.
 The Groapa Văii is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Mynydd y Garn is a hill in the northwest of the Isle of Anglesey in north Wales. Its 170m high summit is crowned by a trig point and a stone obelisk. Erected in 1897 it commemorates Sir William Thomas ship-owner and one time High Sheriff of Anglesey.
 Bikku Bitti also known as Bette Peak is the highest mountain in Libya at 2266 metres (7434 ft).It is located on the Dohone spur of the Tibesti Mountains in southern Libya near the Chadian border.Bikku Bitti is in one of the least known and least accessible parts of the Sahara desert. It was climbed in December 2005 by Ginge Fullen and his Chadian guides who approached from the Chadian side.
 Camaragibe River is a river in Alagoas state in eastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Jacuipe River.
 The Cafuini River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Takhlakh Lake is a lake situated 7.3 miles (11.7 km) northwest of Mount Adams in the U.S. state of Washington. It is fed by a few small unnamed inflow creeks originating near Takh Takh Meadows tributary to the Cispus River. A popular 53-site campground on the west side of the lake brings summer and early fall campers as well as hikers hiking the Takhlakh Loop Trail and the Takh Takh Meadows Trail and nearby trails in the Mount Adams Wilderness.
 The Grind River is a tributary of the Durăceasa River in Romania.
 The Roșcani River is a tributary of the Frasin River in Romania.
 The Saint Francis River is a tributary of the Mississippi River about 426 miles (686 km) long in southeastern Missouri and northeastern Arkansas in the United States. The river drains a mostly rural area and forms part of the Missouri-Arkansas state line along the western side of the Missouri bootheel.
 Anboto (1331 m) is a limestone mountain of the Western Basque Country the highest peak of the Urkiola range and not far from the pass of Urkiolamendi between Durango and Vitoria-Gasteiz.
 Belianske Tatras (Slovak: Belianske Tatry) is a mountain range in the Eastern Tatras in North Central Slovakia. Eastern Tatras are part of the Tatra Mountains which are part of the Inner Western Carpathians. The highest point is Havran at 2151.5 m (7059 ft). Like most of the area the peak is not accessible for tourists to protect the rare animals and plants. The first inhabitants were shepherds in the 14th century.
 Houtermans is a lunar crater that is located beside the eastern limb of the Moon in the region of the surface where visibility is affected by libration. It lies to the east of the crater Kreiken and south of the crater pairing of Helmert and Kao.This is an elongated formation created by two or more merged crater formations. The crater formation is twice as wide in longitude as it is in latitude with the long axis oriented toward the west-northwest.
 The Armstrong River is a watercourse in Manitoba Canada that flows east into the Nelson River. Like the nearby Armstrong Lake it was named after H. W. D. Armstrong who was chief engineer of construction on the Hudson Bay Railway in 1912.
 The Höhi Wispile (also spelled Höji Wispile) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Gstaad in the canton of Bern. It lies on the range separating the main Saane valley from the Lauenen valley north of the Spitzhorn.The summit can easily be reached by a cable car from Gstaad.
 The Adobe Range is a minor mountain range of Nevada. Located northwest and north of Elko Nevada it runs generally north-south for about 80 miles (130 km) and has an area of about 314 square miles (813 km2).
 Kula is a volcanic field located in western Turkey. Kula field consists of a broad area of cinder cones and maars. It is the westernmost volcano of Turkey.The Kula volcano shows spectacular volcanic morphology with steep cones maars and basalt flows. The works revealed that it was formed in a time period between 7 Ma to Quaternary.
 Fan Nedd is a mountain in the Fforest Fawr area of the Brecon Beacons National Park in Wales. In common with the rest of the Fforest Fawr uplands it is within the county of Powys.The hill is in the form of a broad flat-topped ridge whose summit lies at 663m (2175 ft) and is crowned by a trig point.
 The Ngalamu River is a river of northern Mozambique and Malawi located to the west of Lake Amaramba. It is located at 14°24′0″S 35°41′0″E.
 The Asou River is a tributary of the Muşlău River in Romania.
 The Clear Fork (also known as the Clear Fork River or Clear Fork Creek) is a 27.2-mile-long (43.8 km) stream draining part of the Cumberland Plateau of Tennessee. It is a tributary of the Big South Fork of the Cumberland River. By that river the Cumberland River and the Ohio River it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.The Clear Fork rises on the Cumberland Plateau in southern Fentress County Tennessee.
 The Salal Glacier volcanic complex is a complex volcano in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia Canada located near the upper Bridge River. It is part of a volcanic group called the Bridge River Cones which in turn is part of the Garibaldi Volcanic Belt of the Canadian Cascade Arc.
 Mount Pisenai (ピセナイ山 Pisenai-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Lipari River or Liparia River is a tributary of the Mociur River in Romania.
 Sirdar Mountain was named in 1926 by W.P. Hinton. It is located in the Colin Range in Alberta.
 Whitefish Lake is a lake in Crow Wing County Minnesota.
 The Great Sacandaga Lake (formerly the Sacandaga Reservoir) is a large lake situated in the Adirondack Park in northern New York in the United States. The word Sacandaga means Land of the Waving Grass in the local native language. The lake is located in the northern parts of Fulton County and Saratoga County near the south border of the Adirondack Park. A small part of it also extends northward into southern Hamilton County.
 Lituya Mountain is a peak in the Fairweather Range of Alaska United States south of Mount Fairweather. Its eastern slopes feed a branch of the Johns Hopkins Glacier which flows into Glacier Bay. On its western side is a large cirque shared with Mount Fairweather Mount Quincy Adams and Mount Salisbury which heads the Fairweather Glacier; this flows almost to the Pacific coast at Cape Fairweather.
 Reinhold is a prominent lunar impact crater that lies to the south-southwest of the crater Copernicus on the Mare Insularum. To the southeast is the slightly smaller crater Lansberg.The interior walls are terraced and the irregular outer ramparts are visible against the flat surface of the mare. The interior floor is relatively featureless with only a few low rises. Just to the northeast is a low flooded crater designated Reinhold B.
 Warenai River is a river in northern New Guinea Indonesia.Tributaries include the Wapoga River.
 Korpijärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the region Southern Savonia of Finland.Korpijärvi is divided in two parts which are called Valtolanselkä and Halmeniemenselkä. Between them is Tommolansalmi strait and the Finnish National Road 15 crosses the lake there.In Finland there are 40 lakes that are called Korpijärvi. This is the biggest of them.
 The Bloody Run Hills are a mountain range in Humboldt County Nevada.
 The Mourne Mountains /ˈmɔərn/ MOHRN also called the Mournes or Mountains of Mourne (Irish – na Beanna Bóirche) are a granite mountain range in County Down in the south-east of Northern Ireland. It includes the highest mountains in Northern Ireland and the province of Ulster. The highest of these is Slieve Donard at 850 metres (2790 ft). The Mournes is an area of outstanding natural beauty and has been proposed as the first national park in Northern Ireland.
 Mount Keigetsu (桂月岳 Keigetsu-dake) is located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Soper Lake (Inuktitut: Tasiujajuaq meaning big lake-like lake) is a large irregularly-shaped lake in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located on Baffin Island's Meta Incognita Peninsula. The Inuit name references the lake's meromictic attribute a mixture of fresh and salt water caused by a set of reversing falls and 9–10 m (30–33 ft) tides in Pleasant Inlet.
 The Jgheabu Muntelui River is a tributary of the Bățul River in Romania.
 Seungdusan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1013 m (3323 ft).
 The Mitaciul Mic River is a headwater of the Mitaciul River in Romania.
 The Țipăul Mare River is a tributary of the Zăbala River in Romania.
 Birg (2684 m) is a summit of the Bernese Alps overlooking the valley of Lauterbrunnen in the canton of Bern. It lies on the east flank of the Schilthorn above the village of Mürren.In winter Birg is part of a ski area and several cable car stations are located on its summit. Birg is also an intermediate station between Mürren and the summit of the Schilthorn.
 The Vârtopu River is a tributary of the Ungureni River in Romania.
 The Cinciș River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 The Großer Löffler is a mountain in the Zillertal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 Großer Binnensee is a lake in Kreis Plön Schleswig-Holstein Germany. At an elevation of  its surface area is 4 km².
 The São João River (Mato Grosso do Sul) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Whittle Dene is 12 miles (19 km) west of Newcastle upon Tyne England straddling the B6318 Military Road and is a complex of reservoirs and treatment works forming the last stage in the supply of drinking water to Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead.
 Meckelbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Rusca River is a right bank tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania. There is another Rusca River in the same area on the opposite bank.
 Skagsnebb is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Les Trois Rivières is a river of Haiti.
 Widdehagen is a mountain of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Humboldt Bay is a natural bay and a multi-basin bar-built coastal lagoon located on the rugged North Coast of California entirely within Humboldt County. It is the largest protected body of water on the West Coast between San Francisco Bay and Puget Sound the second largest enclosed bay in California and the largest port between San Francisco and Coos Bay Oregon. The largest city adjoining the bay is the regional center and county seat of Eureka followed by the college town of Arcata.
 Monte Linzone is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 Tendürek (Turkish: Tendürek Dağı Armenian: Թոնդրակ Tondrak) is a shield volcano located in the Ağrı and Van provinces of eastern Turkey close to the borders with Iran. The elongated volcano rises 1800 m (5906 ft) above the Doğubeyazıt plain south of Mount Ararat. The last known eruption was a gas and ash eruption in 1855.
 The Karre Mountains is a range of granite hills in the Central African Republic. Their southern elevations form part of the watershed of the Congo River. The highest point in this range is Mont Ngaoui at 4625 feet.
 Newport Creek is a tributary of the Susquehanna River in Luzerne County Pennsylvania in the United States. It is 4.9 miles (7.9 km) in length. Named tributaries of the creek include South Branch Newport Creek. The entire watershed of Newport Creek is considered by the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection to be impaired.
 The Bretelin River is a tributary of the Herepeia River in Romania.
 The Pudu River (Chinese: 普渡河; pinyin: Pǔdù Hé) is a major river in Yunnan Province in southwest China. The source of Pudu River is located in Songming County; the headwater stream is called Muyang River (Chinese: 牧羊河; pinyin: Mùyáng Hé). The river runs southwards through Kunming and then it is called the Panlong River where-after it flows into Dian Lake at the south of Kunming.
 The Reghiu River is a tributary of the Milcov River in Romania.
 Alport Height is a hill near Wirksworth in Derbyshire. It is a popular picnic site since it has extensive views to the South and is the first hill over 1000 ft (300 m) within easy reach of the Derby area. It is possible to see Derby city centre from the summit as well as The Wrekin the Long Mynd Clee Hill and the Malvern Hills. Like Shining Cliff Woods 2 km to the east it is in the care of the National Trust. It was one of their first acquisitions in Derbyshire acquired in 1930.
 Wilson's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 Augustine Volcano is a central lava dome and lava flow complex surrounded by pyroclastic debris. It forms Augustine Island in southwestern Cook Inlet in the Kenai Peninsula Borough of southcentral coastal Alaska 280 kilometers (174 mi) southwest of Anchorage. Augustine Island has a land area of 83.872 square kilometers (32.4 sq mi) while West Island just off Augustine's western shores has 5.142 km2 (2.0 sq mi). The island is made up mainly of past eruption deposits.
 Mount Ephraim is a 1490-foot (450 m) mountain near Springfield Vermont U.S. and the highest land mass in the Precision Valley. It features one of several mysterious stone monuments that appear through the area.
 Eagle Peak is the highest of the Three Brothers a rock formation above Yosemite Valley in California. This independent peak is located just east of El Capitan. John Muir considered the view from the summit to be most comprehensive of all the views available from the north wall.
 Koch is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies in the southern hemisphere to the south-southeast of the walled plain Jules Verne. Attached to the northeastern rim of Koch by a neck of uneven terrain is the crater Lundmark. Less than one crater diameter to the south of Koch is Crocco.This crater has a worn and eroded outer rim. Several small craters lie along the outer rim particularly along the northern edge. Attached to the western side is the satellite crater Koch U.
 The Waimea River is located in the north of the South Island of New Zealand. It is formed from the confluence of the Wairoa River and the Wai-iti River which meet near Brightwater. The combined waters flow into Tasman Bay near Appleby opposite Rabbit Island.
 Hellas Planitia is a plain located within the huge roughly circular impact basin Hellas located in the southern hemisphere of the planet Mars. Hellas is the second or third largest impact crater and the largest visible impact crater known in the Solar System. The basin floor is about 7152 m (23465 ft) deep 3000 m (9800 ft) deeper than the moon's South Pole-Aitken basin and extends about 2300 km (1400 mi) east to west. It is centered at 42.7°S 70°E﻿ / -42.7; 70.
 Pika Peak is a mountain located between Mount Richardson and Ptarmigan Peak in Banff National Park. The mountain was named in 1928 after the pika the small rock rabbit that inhabits alpine regions.The Lake Louise Mountain Resort is developed on the southern slopes of the Merlin Ridge which includes Mount Richardson Ptarmigan Peak and Pika Peak. A campground is located at the foot of the mountain near Hidden Lake.The first ascent was made in 1911 by L.L. Delafield and L.M.
 Zootzensee is a lake in Rheinsberger Seenplatte Brandenburg Germany. At an elevation of its surface area is 1.67 km². It is located in the town of Rheinsberg.
 Serra del Turmell also known as Serra del Mont Turmell (Spanish: Sierra del Turmell) is an over 12 km (7 mi) long mountain range in the Baix Maestrat comarca Valencian Community Spain. These mountains and their neighboring ranges are a desolate place with little human habitation. Their summits are frequently covered in snow in the winter.
 Mount Okishimappu (オキシマップ山 Okishimappu-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Bruneau River is a 153-mile-long (246 km) tributary of the Snake River in the U.S. states of Idaho and Nevada. It runs through a narrow canyon cut into ancient lava flows in southwestern Idaho.
 The Măieruș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Copiapó also known as Azufre is a stratovolcano located in the Atacama Region of Chile. The volcano separates the two portions in which Nevado Tres Cruces National Park is divided. In its vicinity lies Ojos del Salado.
 Tyrrhena Terra is a large area on Mars centered south of the Martian equator and immediately northeast of the Hellas basin. Its coordinates are 14.8°S 90°E﻿ / -14.8; 90 and it covers 2300 km at its broadest extent. It was named for a classic albedo feature of the planet and is in the Mare Tyrrhenum quadrangle of Mars. Tyrrhena Terra is typical of the southern Martian terrae with heavily cratered highlands and other rugged terrain.
 Alouette Lake originally Lillooet Lake and not to be confused with the lake of that name farther north is a lake and reservoir in Maple Ridge British Columbia Canada. It is located at the southeast foot of the mountain group known as the Golden Ears and is about 8 km in length on a northeast-southwest axis.
 Lake Westwood is a glacial lake in The Tyndalls to the east of Mount Readin the West Coast Range West Coast of Tasmania. It is located south east of the Henty Gold Mine and it lies between Lake Julia and Lake Selina adjacent to the Anthony Road B28 that travels between Tullah and Queenstown.
 Lakmos (Greek: Λάκμος) is a mountain in eastern Ioannina and western Trikala regional units. The mountain is a part of the Pindus mountain range. Its highest peak is the Peristeri at 2295 m elevation. It stretches from the village Krapsi in the west to near Metsovo in the east over a length of about 20 km (12 mi). The nearest mountains are the Athamanika to the south the Lygkos to the north and the Mitsikeli to the west.
 Mount Kelly is a mountain with an elevation of 1829 metres (6001 ft) AHD  that is the tallest peak in the Scabby Range and is situated on the border of the Australian Capital Territory and New South Wales Australia. The summit of the mountain is located within the ACT.
 The Moraru River is a tributary of the Bistricioara River in Romania.
 Gulczanka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Noteć which it meets in the village of Gulcz.
 The Ociu River is a tributary of the Crişul Alb River in Romania.
 El Encanto Lake is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 170 m its surface area is 4.5 km².
 Jänukjärv is a lake of Estonia.
 Akaishi Mountains (赤石山脈 Akaishi Sanmyaku) is a mountain range in central Honshū Japan bordering Nagano Yamanashi and Shizuoka prefectures. It is also called the Southern Alps (南アルプス Minami Arupusu) as it joins with the Hida Mountains (Northern Alps) and the Kiso Mountains (Central Alps) to form the Japanese Alps.
 The Nanay River is tributary river to the Amazon River west of the Napo in Peru. The Nanay is one of the three rivers that surround the jungle city of Iquitos making it an island. Other nearby settlements on the river include the villages of Santo Tomás Padre Cocha and Santa Clara. During periods when the river is low the many beaches along the Nanay are popular destinations.
 Stanford Reservoir is a drinking water reservoir on the River Avon England. It lies on the county boundary between Leicestershire and Northamptonshire near the village of Stanford-on-Avon.The reservoir was built in 1928 by Rugby Urban District Council and is now owned by the company Severn Trent Water.The site is considered important for bird species including Tufted duck Wigeon Pochard and Shoveler and five species of bats.
 Sørfjorden (Northern Sami: Meahkovuotna) is a fjord on the island of Stjernøya in the municipality of Hasvik in Finnmark county Norway. The 4.5-kilometre (2.8 mi) long fjord begins between Roren in the west and Nordnes in the east. The fjord goes directly southeast to Nerdalen at the end of the fjord. Sørfjorden is the westernmost of the fjords on Stjernøya. There are several isolated farms along the fjord. The fjord flows out into the Sørøysundet strait.
 Baltis Vallis is a sinuous channel on Venus ranging from one to three kilometers wide and nearly 7000 kilometers long slightly longer than the Nile and the longest known channel of any kind in the solar system. It is thought that it once held a river of lava known as a lava channel. The lava must have had a very low viscosity possibly due to a carbonatite composition.
 The Brumado River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Medicine Butte is a mountain located in Uinta County approximately 6.9 miles (11 km) north of the city of Evanston Wyoming. It is 8610 feet (2624 m) in elevation and can be reached via an access road. The mountain houses radio towers serving numerous local and regional services.The mountain is named as such by Native Americans because of the great variety of herbs and roots that they used for medicine which were found on the slopes of the butte.
 Sveinsdóttir is a large impact crater on Mercury. Its dimensions are 220 × 120 km.Sveinsdóttir crater superimposed by Beagle Rupes is a distinctive feature on Mercury's landscape. Unusually elliptical in shape the crater was produced by the impact of an object that hit Mercury's surface obliquely.
 Isluga (Spanish pronunciation: [isˈluɣa]) is a stratovolcano located in Colchane 7 km west of the Chile/Bolivia border and at the west end of a group of volcanoes lined up in an east-west direction which also includes the volcanoes Cabaray and Tata Sabaya. Isluga has an elongated summit area and lies within the borders of Volcán Isluga National Park.
 The Sherry River is a river in New Zealand's Tasman Region. It flows north from its origins in the Hope Range to meet the Wangapeka River eight kilometres from the latter's outflow into the Motueka River.
 The Waihua River is a river of the northern Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. Its course roughly parallels that of its northern neighbour the Waiau River. The Waihua rises in rough hill country north of Raupunga flowing initially east before turning southeast to reach Hawke Bay 15 kilometres west of Wairoa.
 L'Alpe d'Huez is a ski resort at 1250 to 3330 metres (4100 to 10930 ft). It is a mountain pasture in the Central French Alps in the commune of Huez in the Isère département in the Rhône-Alpes region. It is used regularly in the Tour de France cycle race including twice on the same day in 2013.
 Castle Peak elevation 11285 ft (3440 m) is a summit in Sawatch Range located north of Eagle Colorado.
 The River Trym is a short river some 4.5 miles (7.2 km) in length which rises in Filton South Gloucestershire England. The upper reaches are culverted some underground through mostly urban landscapes but once it emerges into the open it flows through a nature reserve and city parks before joining the tidal River Avon at Sea Mills.
 Montseny (Catalan pronunciation: [munˈsɛɲ]) is a mountain range west of the coastal hills north of Barcelona. It is part of the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range.
 Montgomery Lake is located near Paddock Lake Wisconsin near 83rd Street and 258th Avenue and is one of twenty-six lakes in Kenosha County Wisconsin.
 Åbjøra or Åelva is a river in the municipality of Bindal in Nordland county Norway. It begins in the mountains in the southeastern part of Bindal it passes through some lakes including the lake Åbjørvatnet then past the village of Åbygda and ends in the Osan fjord not far from the village of Terråk. It is a small river but good for fishing for salmon or sea trout.
 The subglacial Esjufjöll volcano at the SE part of the Vatnajökull icecap north of Öraefajökull volcano consists of the Snaehetta central volcano and a large caldera. Most of the volcano including the 40 km2 caldera is covered by the icecap but parts of the SE flank are exposed in NW-SE-trending ridges. Most of the exposed rocks are mildly alkaline basalts but small amounts of rhyolitic rocks are also present.
 Buzău Pass (Romanian: Pasul Buzău) is a mountain pass that follows the Buzău River and connects Braşov with Buzău over the Buzău Mountains in the Eastern Carpathians in Romania.This was one of the passes used by invaders such as Turks and Tatars to attack Transylvania. This is why the nearby region known as Ţara Bârsei was settled by Teutonic Knights in the 13th century who built fortifications to be prepared against such an invasion.
 Arthur's Pass (el. 920 m.) is a mountain pass in the Southern Alps of the South Island of New Zealand. It marks part of the boundary between the West Coast and Canterbury regions 140 km from Christchurch and 95 km from Greymouth. The pass lies in a saddle between the valleys of the Otira River a tributary of the Taramakau in the west and the Bealey River in the east.
 Dradenau is a river of Hamburg Germany.
 Lüßbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Steeple is a fell in the English Lake District. It is situated in the mountainous area between Ennerdale and Wasdale and reaches a height of 819 metres (2687 feet). Steeple is really part of Scoat Fell being just the rocky northern projection of that fell however because of its prominent peak and steep crags it has earned the reputation of being a separate fell.
 Slieve Croob (from Irish Sliabh Crúibe meaning mountain of the hoof) is the tallest of a group of peaks in the middle of County Down Northern Ireland. These peaks lie north of the Mourne Mountains between the village of Dromara and the town of Castlewellan. Slieve Croob has been designated an Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
 Turysh (Russian: Турыш) is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast Russia a right tributary of Irgina River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 13 km. Area of drainage basin is 89.9 km².
 Ällmora träsk is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Dike Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. No trails lead to lake but it can be accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 680.Dike Lake is just southeast of the Chinese Wall northeast of Calkens Peak and in the same basin as Gunsight Quartzite and Tin Cup Lakes.
 The Tímane River is a river of Paraguay.
 D'Alembert is a large lunar impact crater located in the northern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon to the northeast of the somewhat smaller walled plain Campbell. Astride the southwest rim of D'Alembert is Slipher. To the north is the crater Yamamoto and to the south-southwest lies Langevin.
 The Pârâul Pietros is a tributary of the Galaț River in Romania.
 The Luț River ( Hungarian: Luc-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureș River in Transylvania Romania.
 Burgauenbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Selamiut Range is a mountain range on the northernmost tip of Labrador Canada. It is a subrange of the Torngat Mountains which in turn form part of the southern section of the Arctic Cordillera mountain system.
 Ursentalbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Villicher Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lago Pio is a lake south of the village Villalago in the Province of L'Aquila Abruzzo Italy.
 Kornbühl is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It belongs to the Swabian Jura and is located in Zollernalbkreis near Burladingen. On its top the Salmendinger Kapelle is located.
 Cerro Azul (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈsero aˈsul] blue hill in Spanish) sometimes referred to as Quizapu is an active stratovolcano in the Maule Region of central Chile immediately south of Descabezado Grande. Part of the South Volcanic Zone of the Andes its summit is 3788 metres (12428 ft) above sea level and is capped by a summit crater that is 500 metres (1600 ft) wide and opens to the north.
 Mount Somolenko is a volcanic peak in southwestern British Columbia Canada located 83 km (52 mi) east of Rivers Inlet and 7 km (4 mi) south of Mount Silverthrone. It is the highest peak south of Mount Silverthrone in the Ha-Iltzuk Icefield.Mount Somolenko lies in a circular volcanic depression in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains called the Silverthrone Caldera.
 The San Juan Mountains are a high and rugged mountain range in the Rocky Mountains in southwestern Colorado and is the largest mountain range in Colorado by area. The area is highly mineralized (the Colorado Mineral Belt) and figured in the gold and silver mining industry of early Colorado. Major towns all old mining camps include Creede Lake City Silverton Ouray and Telluride.
 Nyamuragira (Derived from the Kinyarwanda verb 'Kuragira inka' meaning to herd cows; Inka means cow or cows) is an active volcano in the Virunga Mountains of the Democratic Republic of the Congo situated about 25 km north of Lake Kivu. It has been described as Africa's most active volcano and has erupted over 40 times since 1885.
 The Sakarya (Turkish: Sakarya Irmağı) is the third longest river in Turkey. It runs through what in ancient times was known as Phrygia.The source of the river is the Bayat Yaylası (Bayat Plateau) which is located to the northeast of Afyon. Joined by the Porsuk Çayı (Porsuk Creek) close by the town of Polatlı the river runs through the Adapazarı Ovası (Adapazarı Plains) before reaching the Black Sea.
 Palomo is a Chilean stratovolcano located in the Libertador General Bernardo O'Higgins Region west of Caldera del Atuel. The volcano shows evidence of glacial dissection. It is 4860m high.Palomo's surrounding area features spectacular granite needles called Agujas del Palomo. The volcano towers over Río de Los Cipreses National Reserve.
 Blithfield Reservoir is a large raw water reservoir in South Staffordshire England owned by South Staffordshire Water.Some 800 acres (324 hectares) of reservoir was formed on land sold by Baron Bagot to the South Staffordshire Water Works (SSWW) in the 1940s. Blithfield Reservoir was opened by H.M.
 Lasolo River is a river in Sulawesi Indonesia.Tributaries include the Lalindu River.
 Mount Tom is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) southwest of the height of land of Crawford Notch. The mountain is named after Thomas Crawford whose family ran three inns in Crawford Notch in the first half of the nineteenth century. Mount Tom is part of the Willey Range of the White Mountains. Tom is flanked to the south by Mount Field. Mt. Tom is drained on the east by Crawford Brook and on the west by the Zealand River.
 The Attert (Luxembourgish: Atert) is a river flowing through Belgium and Luxembourg left tributary of the Alzette. Its length is 38 km of which 32 km are in Luxembourg and 6 km in Belgium. Its source is in Nobressart north-west of Arlon in the Belgian province Luxembourg. It flows into the river Alzette at Colmar-Berg. It flows through the village of Attert in Belgium and the towns of Redange Useldange Boevange-sur-Attert and Bissen in Luxembourg.no:Attert
 The Saale also known as the Saxon Saale (German: Sächsische Saale) and Thuringian Saale (German: Thüringische Saale) is a river in Germany and a left-bank tributary of the Elbe. It is not to be confused with the smaller Franconian Saale a right-bank tributary of the Main or the Saale in Lower Saxony a tributary of the Leine.
 Anykšta is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 13.8 kilometres and has a basin area of 144.9 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 The Piraí River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Reed Creek is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 Leduån is a river in Sweden.
 Laram Quta (Aymara larama blue quta lake blue lake hispanicized spelling Laram Kkota) is a lake in Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Pedro Domingo Murillo Province El Alto Municipality. It lies south of Mount Chacaltaya south east of Lake Milluni and north west of Qillwani (Khelluani). Laram Quta is situated at a height of about 4556 metres (14948 ft) about 05 km long and 017 km at its widest point.[citation needed]
 Castell y Gwynt is a top of Glyder Fach in Snowdonia north-west Wales. It has the merit of being the only 3000 ft Welsh summit classed as only a Nuttall hence it is not included in the Welsh 3000s. It has a prominence of 15.7 m (51.5 ft) and was only included on the Nuttall's list after re-surveying in 2007. The top is more famous as a feature than a summit.Castell y Gwynt and the Cantilever Stone were used in Walt Disney's Dragonslayer.
 The River Lymn is a river in Lincolnshire England. It rises in the Wolds on the eastern slope of Castcliffe Hill in Fulletby parish. It flows south-eastwards to the Lincolnshire Marsh where it becomes known as the Steeping River on the boundary of Great Steeping parish. The main channel is supplemented by the Wainfleet Relief Channel as it passes Wainfleet All Saints and the relief channel is joined by the old course of the Lymn.
 Mendeleev is a large lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon as seen from the Earth. The southern rim of this walled plain just crosses the lunar equator. Intruding into the eastern rim of Mendeleev is the crater Schuster. Nearly on the opposite side the smaller Hartmann intrudes into west-southwestern rim.The nearly level interior of Mendeleev contains a number of smaller crater formations which have been given names.
 The Scorțarul River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania.
 The Charles River is a 1.2-mile-long (1.9 km) channel connecting Charles Pond with the Old Course Saco River in the town of Fryeburg in western Maine. It forms the natural extension of the Cold River which flows from the White Mountains around Evans Notch south to Charles Pond.
 The Sugarloaf in Christchurch's Port Hills is a landmark to the south of the city. The Sugarloaf communications tower is an iconic transmission mast located on top of the hill.
 The Șucu River is a tributary of the Bistra Mărului River in Romania.
 Kiessee Neu Zachun is a lake in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 34.4 m its surface area is 0.1 km².
 Folly Lake is a lake of Colchester County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Nahuelbuta Range or Cordillera de Nahuelbuta (Spanish pronunciation: [nawelˈβuta]) is a mountain range in Bio-Bio and Araucania Region southern Chile. It is located along the Pacific coast and forms part of the larger Chilean Coast Range. The name of the range derives from the Mapudungun words nahuel (jaguar) and futa (big).
 The McKinley River (Lower Tanana: Henteel no' Tl'o) is a 58-mile (93 km) tributary of the Kantishna River in central Alaska in the United States. It drains an area on the north slope of the Alaska Range on the south edge of the Tanana Valley southwest of Fairbanks. The river issues from Muldrow Glacier in the northern Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve northeast of Mount McKinley.
 The Făina River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
 An Riabhachan is a Scottish mountain in the Skye and Lochalsh district of the Highland council area. It is situated 35 kilometres east of Kyle of Lochalsh standing in an isolated position at the western end of Loch Mullardoch ten kilometres from any public road.
 Garreg Las is a subsidiary summit of Fan Brycheiniog in the Brecon Beacons National Park in the county of Carmarthenshire south Wales. Its summit sits towards the northern end of a broad north-south ridge Esgair Hir (long ridge) at 635 metres (2083 ft) above sea level. The hill is sometimes referred to as Twyn Swnd.A subsidiary top just over 1 kilometre (0.62 mi) to the north of the main summit is Carreg yr Ogof whose name (rock of the cave) reflects its limestone geology.
 The Mequéns River (São João River) is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Nabesna Glacier is a glacier in the U.S. state of Alaska. Fed by deep snowfall in the Wrangell Mountains the 53 mile (85 km) long Nabesna is the longest valley glacier in North America and the world's longest interior valley glacier.The glacier flows from an extensive icefield which covers the northern flanks of 14163 feet (4317 m) Mount Wrangell a large shield volcano.
 Laue is a lunar impact crater that lies across the south-southwestern rim and interior floor of the huge walled plain Lorentz. This feature is located on the Moon's far side just beyond the west-northwestern limb. This crater also is located to the left of Jake's house. Under conditions of favorable libration and illumination from the Sun this area can be seen at a very oblique angle from the Earth.This is a moderately worn crater formation with several small craters along the rim.
 The Treasure Mountain is a summit of the Bergamo Alps 1432 metres high It is located in the village of Carenno on the mountain ridge that Resegone sloping southward to the plains at the hills of Bergamo dividing the valley of San Martino from Valle Imagna between the passes of Pertus and Valcava then the province of Lecco and Bergamo .The broad summit is easily accessible from several fronts: from the Valley Imagna through road that ends in places Fork High 1300 metres just 20 minutes' walk from the top from the main road Valcava pitch with the path that starts from location Combeli to mt.1.200 about from which we come to the summit along the broad ridge south from San Martino valley the trail starts in places Boccio in the town of Carenno going through the vast forests of the western slope and finally the resort Colle I dream of in the town of Torre de 'Busi the trail more wilderness however always easy along the sunny slope south-west almost devoid of tree cover. 
 Spitzingsee is a lake in Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 1084 m its surface area is 28.3 ha.
 Rutenbeck (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Tatlatui Range is a large and very alpine mountain range on the east flank of the upper Skeena River in northern British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 2307 km2 and is a subrange of the Omineca Mountains which in turn form part of the Interior Mountains. The range features several lakes the largest of which Thutade Lake is at the head of the Finlay River and is considered the ultimate source of the Mackenzie River.
 The Daxue Mountains (Chinese: 大雪山山脉 大雪山; pinyin: Dàxuě Shān; Wade–Giles: Ta4-hsüeh3 Shan1; literally Great Snow Mountains) are a great mountain range in the western part of Sichuan province in Southwest China. It is part of the Hengduan Mountains a complicated system of mountain ranges of western Sichuan which itself is adjacent to the eastern edge of the Tibetan Plateau.
 The Milearu River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 Glatt (Neckar) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Jizhen Mountain (simplified Chinese: 鸡枕山; traditional Chinese: 雞枕山; pinyin: Jīzhěn Shān; literally Cockscomb Mountain) is the second highest mountain in Guangzhou China with an altitude of 1175 metres (3855 ft) just 35 meters lower than Tiantang Peak.It bases at the east of Liuxi River National Forest Park. The mountain was named of cockscomb for its summit and subpeak together looks like cockscomb in the distance.
 Coranto Lake is a lake in the Sur Lípez Province Potosí Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 4382 m its surface area is 7.6 km².
 Black Volta is a river that flows through Ghana flowing about 1352 km (840 mi) to the White Volta in Ghana. The Black Volta separates the Northern region of North Ghana's southern border and the Brong-Ahafo region of South Ghana's northern border. Black Volta forms a small part of the international border between Ghana and Ivory Coast and also a section of border between Ghana and Burkina Faso rising in western Burkina Faso.
 The Groapele River is a tributary of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 Kerzhenets River (Russian: Керженец) is a river in the Nizhny Novgorod Oblast in Russia. It is a left tributary of the Volga joining the Volga near Lyskovo about 70 km east of Nizhny Novgorod.
 Zrinska gora is a mountain in central Croatia. The highest peak is Piramida at 616 metres (2021 ft).
 The Lambedor River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Biot is a small bowl-shaped lunar crater located in the southern reaches of the Mare Fecunditatis. It is a circular formation with a sharp-edged rim that has not been significantly worn. The inner walls slope down to a relatively small interior floor. The albedo of the wide inner walls is higher than the surrounding lunar mare giving it a light hue. To the southeast is the crater Wrottesley.
 The Dulcea River is a tributary of the Slimnic River in Romania.
 Krummes Wasser is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Tebulosmta (Chechen: Тулой-лам Tuloy-Lam or Tiebuolt-Lam Georgian: ტებულოს მთა Tebulos mta Russian: Тебулосмта) is the highest mountain of the Eastern Caucasus and the highest mountain of the Chechen Republic at an elevation of 4493 meters (14737 feet) above sea level. The mountain is located on the border of Georgia and Chechnya to the east of Mount Kazbek. The glaciers of the mountain are not large (the total combined area of all of the mountain's glaciers is 3 square kilometers).
 Mount Chadwick (72°30′S 160°26′E) is a small bare rock mountain 2440 metres (8000 ft) high situated 2.5 nautical miles (5 km) east-southeast of Mount Walton in the Outback Nunataks Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos 1959–64 and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Dan M. Chadwick meteorologist at the South Pole Station 1968.
 Phnom Santuk is a hill and cultural site in the Cambodian province of Kampong Thom. Located in Ko Koh village Ko Koh commune Santuk District it is the most sacred mountain of the province. The summit is accessed by a stone pathway with many statues flanking the way. At the top is a white-walled temple and many shrines and deities including several reclining Buddhas made out of rock measuring more than 33 feet (10 m) in length. Monks inhabit the site.
 Oldfield Estuary is an estuary in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia.The estuary has a length of 3 kilometres (2 mi) and is no wider than 600 metres (1969 ft) with a total area of approximately 1 square kilometre (0 sq mi).
 The Tomebamba River is a river of Ecuador. It runs through the city of Cuenca merges into the Amazon river and ends up in the Atlantic Ocean.
 Hellbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Pilgrim River is a 12.9-mile-long (20.8 km) river in Portage Township Houghton County Michigan in the United States. The river flows near the Portage Lake Golf Course and empties into the Keweenaw Waterway which connects to Lake Superior.In 2010 the Pilgrim River Watershed Project formed with the goal to secure easements along the river to keep the river accessible for non-motorized recreation.
 The Toklat River (Lower Tanana: Tootl'o Huno') is an 85-mile (137 km) tributary of the Kantishna River in central Alaska in the United States It drains an area on the north slope of the Alaska Range on the south edge of the Tanana Valley southwest of Fairbanks. It issues from unnamed glaciers in the northern Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve northeast of Mount McKinley.
 Bølling lake (Danish: Bølling sø) is a shallow lake of central Jutland in Denmark slightly west of Silkeborg between Kragelund and Engesvang.The lake is geologically important because it has been at the edge of the Pleistocene glacier. In the 1870s the lake was drained to accommodate the peat industry giving science a chance to examine its bogs and historians and prehistorians a chance to examine the artifacts and human remains.
 Gubałówka is a mountain above the Polish town of Zakopane. The mountain is a popular tourist attraction offering commanding views of the Tatras across the valley below.There's a Zakopane-Gubałówka transmitter (Polish: RTON Gubałówka ) located on the top of the mountain.
 The Jacupiranga River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Llobregat (Catalan pronunciation: [ʎuβɾəˈɣat]) is the second longest river in Catalonia Spain. Its name could have originated in an ancient Latin word meaning 'dark' 'sorrowful' or 'muddy'.
 Esnault-Pelterie is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located in the northern hemisphere to the south of the crater Carnot. Esnault-Pelterie overlies the western side of the crater Schlesinger. To the south is the crater Von Zeipel and to the southwest is Fowler.The rim of this crater are somewhat worn but still retain some structure and a relatively clear edge. There is a small crater attached to the southern rim that cuts into the interior through a narrow gap.
 The Valal River is a tributary of the Sic River in Romania.
 The Jurema River is a river in Ceará Brazil.
 Diphu Pass is a mountain pass at the tri-point of the borders of India China and Burma. Diphu Pass is also a strategic approach to eastern Assam.
 The Secătura River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Cuicocha (Kichwa: Kuykucha lake of guinea pigs or Kuychikucha rainbow lake) is a 3 km (2 mi) wide caldera and crater lake at the foot of Cotacachi Volcano in the Cordillera Occidental of the Ecuadorian Andes. Its name comes from the Kichwa indigenous language and means Lago del Cuy or Guinea Pig Laguna in English. It was given this name due to the guinea pig shape of the largest Island in the middle of the laguna.
 Hualālai (pronounced [huwəˈlaːlɐi] in Hawaiian) is a dormant shield volcano on the island of Hawaiʻi in the Hawaiian Islands. It is the third-youngest and the third most active of the five volcanoes that form the island of Hawaiʻi following Kīlauea and the much larger Mauna Loa and also the westernmost. Its peak is 8271 feet (2521 m) above sea level. Hualālai is estimated to have risen above sea level about 300000 years ago.
 Hough Peak (pronounced huff) is a mountain located in Essex County New York. The mountain part of the Dix Range is named after Franklin B. Hough (1822–1885) the first chief of the United States Division of Forestry and sometimes called the father of American forestry.
 Rendezvous Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. Sawtooth National Forest trail 452 leads to the lake.Rendezvous Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries.
 The Canton River cuts through downtown Canton Massachusetts tracing down Washington and Neponset Streets (flowing under the Canton Viaduct) and continues down Walpole Street and is a tributary of the Neponset River with a few tributaries on the side. It is also called the East Branch [of the] Neponset River.
 Levanna (Italian: Levanne) is a mountain of Savoie France and of the Province of Turin Italy. It lies in the Graian Alps range. It has an altitude of 3619 metres above sea level.
 The Nancy River is a river of the West Coast Region of New Zealand's South Island. A tributary of the Ahaura River it flows generally southwest from its source to the west of Mount Hochstsetter in the Southern Alps turning west shortly before its outflow 15 kilometres southeast of Lake Hochstetter.
 Famnvatnet (Southern Sami: Faepmiejaevrie) is a lake in the municipality of Hattfjelldal in Nordland county Norway. The lake is located about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) east of Røssvatnet and about 7.5 kilometres (4.7 mi) west of the border with Sweden. The nearby lake Krutvatnet lies about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi) to the south.
 For the subsidiary summit of Cadair Idris see Craig-y-llyn.Craig y Llyn is a mountain situated in Rhigos on the west side of the upper Cynon Valley in South Wales; it is the highest point in the traditional county of Glamorgan and the highest in the South Wales Valleys.
 The Celnicu Mic River is a tributary of the Gârlişte River in Romania.
 The Caddo River is a tributary of the Ouachita River in the U.S. state of Arkansas. The river is about 82 miles (132 km) long altogther.
 Kearsarge North is a mountain located about 4 miles (6 km) northeast of North Conway Carroll County New Hampshire. The U.S. Board on Geographic Names accepted the name Pequawket Mountain in 1915 but it was renamed Kearsarge North in 1957. The Pequawket are subdivision of the Abenaki people who formerly lived in the area.
 Möbius is a lunar crater that is located on the Moon's far side beyond the eastern limb and northeast of the Mare Marginis. It lies less than one crater diameter to the northwest of the larger 90-km-diameter Hertz and just to the southeast of Popov.
 The Blue Lake in Mount Gambier South Australia is a large monomictic lake located in an extinct volcanic maar associated with the Mount Gambier maar complex. It is one of four crater lakes on Mount Gambier.
 The Wupper is a right tributary of the River Rhine in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. Rising near Marienheide in western Sauerland it runs through the mountainous region of the Bergisches Land in Berg County and enters the Rhine at Leverkusen south of Düsseldorf. Its upper course is called the Wipper.On its course of about 113 km the Wupper passes through the city of Wuppertal where the suspension railway runs for 10 kilometres above the river.
 The Burhi Gandak River (Nepali:बुडी गण्डकी खोला). It is known as Sikrahana in its upper reaches. The Burhi (“Old”) Gandak flows parallel to and east of the Gandak River in an old channel.
 Koh-i-Chiltan Chiltan Mount (aka: 'Lwarrh Saar) is a peak located in the Chiltan mountain group of the Sulaiman Mountains in the Quetta District of Balochistan Province in western Pakistan. Koh-i-Chiltan is the summit of a steep rocky mountain called Chiltan or Chehel-Tan (Persian/Balochi: 'Forty Bodies').
 Piz Argient (3945 m) is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps on the border between Italy and the Swiss canton of Graubünden. The peak is bounded to the north by the Morteratsch Glacier to the west by the Upper Scerscen Glacier and to the south and east by the Fellaria Glacier. It is separated from Piz Zupò to its east by the Fuorcla dal Zupò (3851 m) and from Crast' Agüzza to its north-west by the Fuorcla da l'Argient (3705 m).
 The Pyke River is a river in the south west of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally south into Lake Wilmot then Lake Alabaster before becoming a tributary of the Hollyford River.
 Lago di Sartirana is a lake in the Province of Lecco Lombardy Italy. Its surface area is 0.098 km².
 The Sextín River is a river of Mexico.
 The North Tyrol Limestone Alps (Nordtiroler Kalkalpen in German) are a mountain range located in Austria and marginally in Germany.
 Kush (Persian: کش‎ Balochi: کش happy or merry) is a mountain near Kalat Pakistan Balochistan. The mountain is located below the Durand Line between Afghanistan and India (now Pakistan) in the field of Baloch people. It is located not far from the similarly-named Kushi mountain. The Balochi language is one of the four major Iranian languages (Paschto Balochi Kurdi and Persian).
 Parry Peak elevation 13397 ft (4083 m) is a summit in the Front Range of central Colorado. The peak is on the continental divide southeast of Winter Park in the Arapahoe National Forest. The name honors Charles Christopher Parry a botanist who made extensive studies of the Colorado mountain flora in the 1860s.
 The Porumbele River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Purico Complex is a pyroclastic shield consisting of two ignimbrite sheets that is located in the eastern part of the Atacama Desert in Chile's II Region (Antofagasta) approximately 5 km (3 mi) south of the Bolivia - Chile border. The volcanic complex is on top of a massive pyroclastic shield covering an area of roughly 20 km (12 mi) x 30 km (19 mi) and is conformed by ten subsidiaries including two stratovolcanoes five lava domes one cinder cone and one maar.
 The Apure River is a river of southwestern Venezuela formed by the confluence of the Sarare and Uribante near Guasdualito in Venezuela at 7°15′N 70°40′W and flowing across the llanos into the Orinoco. It provides significant transportation in the area.
 Hillebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Breitenbush River is a tributary of the North Santiam River in western Oregon in the United States. It drains a rugged forested area of the Cascade Range east of Salem.It descends from several short forks in the Mount Jefferson Wilderness in the high Cascades of eastern Marion County.
 Savitri River (Marathi: सावित्री नदी) is one of the 5 rivers which originate from Mahabaleshwar in Maharashtra state in India. It originates in Mahabaleshwar and flows through Raigad district and eventually meets Arabian Sea at Harehareshwar. It passes through Poladpur Mahad Mangaon and Shrivardhan taluks. There are a number of Shiva temples along the banks of river Savitri. In last 100 km it forms the border between Raigad and Ratnagiri.
 The Porcu River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Rochlitzer Berg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Endrick River is a perennial river of the Shoalhaven catchment located in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Negomiru River or Valea Racilor River is a tributary of the Jilţ River in Romania.
 Lake Winnipegosis is a large (5370 km²) lake in central North America in Manitoba Canada some 300 km northwest of Winnipeg. It is Canada's eleventh-largest lake. An alternate spelling once common but now rare is Lake Winipigoos or simply 'Lake Winipigis'.The elongated 240 kilometre long lake is the second-largest of three large lakes in central Manitoba; the other two are Lake Winnipeg the largest and Lake Manitoba.
 Monte San Vicino is a mountain of Marche Italy.
 Madron (Mangfallgebirge) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Tygh Grade Summit (el. 2697 ft.) is a mountain pass in Oregon traversed by U.S. Route 197 and is located about 6.5 miles north of Tygh Valley. Careful readers will note that the elevation on the sign is slightly less than the advertised elevation. The discrepancy is accounted for in the fact the 2697 elevation reported is on an older alignment of the highway just slightly to the west of the current alignment and is the elevation and benchmark shown on the USGS Topo maps.
 Breiter Graben is a canal of Saxony Germany.
 Gnilec is a river of Poland a tributary of the Czernica.
 Máchovo jezero is an artificial lake (fish pond) (now 2.84 km²) in the Liberec Region of the Czech Republic near Doksy and Bezděz Castle.During Cenozoic a large lake existed at this site (as a remnant of an older sea). During the last Ice Age the lake got drained away leaving only peat bog. Between 1366 and 1367 Charles IV ordered a large pond to be established here.Its older name was Velký rybník (Great Pond in German Großteich) or Hirschberský rybník (in German Hirschberger Großteich).
 Reiche Ebrach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Castle Crag is a hill in the North Western Fells of the English Lake District. It is the smallest hill included in Alfred Wainwright's influential Pictorial Guide to the Lakeland Fells the only Wainwright below 1000 ft.
 Lochlea or Lochlie (pronounced 'Lochli') was situated in a low lying area between the farms and dwellings of Lochlea and Lochside in the Parish of Tarbolton South Ayrshire Scotland. The loch was natural sitting in a hollow created by glaciation. The loch waters ultimately drained via Fail Loch the Mill Burn and the Water of Fail.
 The Ilz is a river running through the Bavarian Forest Germany. It is a left tributary of the Danube and 65 km in length during which it travels down a height difference of ~780m.The Ilz has its source near the Rachel mountain. In the city of Passau it finally enters the Danube. Another town on the Ilz is Fürsteneck.
 The Huron River flows for 33 km to the east side spill in the Chambly Basin just north of the city of Chambly. Its mouth is located in the municipality of Saint-Mathias-sur-Richelieu in the Rouville Regional County Municipality in the administrative region of Montérégie in Quebec in Canada. Hurons River flows through the Les Maskoutains Regional County Municipality RCM of Richelieu Valley then the western part of the MRC Rouville Regional County Municipality.
 Lake Nillahcootie is an artificial lake near Mansfield Victoria Australia. It is a popular water-skiing destination especially during the summer. The name is of Indian origin and is thought to mean Blue House.
 The Plaiu River is a tributary of the Râoaia River in Romania.
 The Râul Cheii is a tributary of the Tarcău River in Romania.
 The Tangarakau River is a river of the Taranaki and Manawatu-Wanganui Regions of New Zealand's North Island. It flows south from its sources to the northeast of Whangamomona in the King Country to reach the Whanganui River.State Highway 43 known as the Forgotten World Highway travels through the Tangarakau Gorge.
 The Prahova River is a river of Southern Romania which rises from the Bucegi Mountains in the Southern Carpathians and flows into the Ialomiţa (near Adâncata).
 The River Dee (Scottish Gaelic: Dè / Uisge Dhè) in south-west Scotland flows from its source in Loch Dee amongst the Galloway Hills firstly to Clatteringshaws Loch then into Loch Ken where it joins the Water of Ken. From there the Dee flows 15 miles (24 km) southwards to Kirkcudbright and into Kirkcudbright Bay to reach the Solway. The distance is just over 38 miles (61 km) in total.
 The Langley River is an 11.9-mile-long (19.2 km) tributary of the Cloquet River of Minnesota United States north of Two Harbors.
 The Gorganu River or Pârâul Ciurii is a river intercepted by the Canalul Timiș (Timiș Canal) in the city of Brașov Romania.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Niraj River in Romania.
 The Balcaia River is a tributary of the Someş River in Romania. The river which originates near the village of Dacia is totally channelized and at present is part of the drainage system of the Someș plain being referred to as Keleti River or Keleti Canal. The canal crosses the border into Hungary where it reaches the Someș River.
 Merritt Peak at 10312 feet (3143 m) above sea level is a peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 1.08 mi (1.74 km) northwest of Williams Peak its line parent. It is south-southwest of Goat Lake
 Lake Abashiri (網走湖 Abashiri-ko) is a lake in Abashiri Hokkaidō Japan. It is located in Abashiri Quasi-National Park. The Abashiri and Memanbetsu Rivers flow into the lake. Water exits the lake through the Abashiri River again and flows 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) to the Sea of Okhotsk.
 Hanhowuz also known as Khauz-Khan is a reservoir in Mary Province of southeastern Turkmenistan. It is located at 37°13′56″N 61°14′37″E. The M37 highway passes nearby and the village of Hanhowuz stands on the northwestern shore with the city of Tejen not too far away in that direction.Hanhowuz Reservoir is a component of the Kara Kum Canal system and it was created to attempt to control the erratic Tejen River. It plays an important role in agriculture in the region.
 The Sans Bois Mountains are a small mountain range in southeastern Oklahoma and part of the larger Ouachita Mountains. It is a frontal belt of the Ouachita Mountains and is located in Haskell and Latimer counties Oklahoma. Sans bois means without forest in French.
 The Matiri River is a river located in the northwest of New Zealand's South Island.It runs south for 30 kilometres from its headwaters west of Mount Owen in Kahurangi National Park to its confluence with the Buller River just below the town of Murchison. Halfway along its length it passes through Lake Matiri. Downstream from Lake Matiri the banks of the river has mixed livestock farming and some small scale forestry.
 The Little Wekiva River is a stream in Greater Orlando area of Florida in the United States. The 15-mile (24 km) long northward flowing stream is a tributary of the Wekiva River which later joins the St. Johns River the longest river in the state of Florida. The Little Wekiva drainage basin is about 42 square miles (110 km2) located in the urbanized area north and west of Downtown Orlando.
 Knypersley Reservoir is a canal feeder reservoir near Biddulph in Staffordshire.
 The Diep River is a river located in northern Limpopo Province South Africa. It is a tributary of the Sand River (Polokwane). The Diep is a seasonal river that originates about 12 km SSE of Polokwane and flows roughly northwards until it joins the Sand River just 22 km northeast of the same town. The confluence is located right after the Turfloop River its only significant tributary joins its right bank.
 See other places named Svratka.The Svratka (Czech pronunciation: [ˈsvratka]) formerly Švarcava (German: Schwarzach) is a river in the South Moravian Region of the Czech Republic with a length of 173.9 km. It develops out of the Bohemian-Moravian Highlands converges with the Svitava at Brno and flows into the Dyje (Thaya) a few kilometres from Mikulov. The river is known in the local Moravian dialect as the Švarcava (from the German name of the river Schwarzach).
 Weymouth Fore River is a small bay or estuary in eastern Massachusetts and is part of the Massachusetts Bay watershed.The headwater of Weymouth Fore River is formed by the confluence of the Monatiquot River and Smelt Brook in the Weymouth Landing area of Braintree. From Weymouth Landing the tidal river marks the boundary between Braintree and Weymouth flowing NE for 0.5 miles (0.80 km) and then N for 0.5 miles (0.80 km) before widening considerably and turning WNW for 0.7 miles (1.1 km).
 Mount Despair is a rugged mountain in the North Unit of North Cascades National Park in Washington state. Northeast of Mount Despair lies the Picket Range.The mountain's name was given by Lage Wernstedt of the U.S. Forest Service who mapped the region in the 1920s. The name Mount Despair first appeared on Forest Service maps in 1931.
 Wettersteinspitzen is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Crawfish Lake (48°28′55″N 119°12′57″W) is a small lake located 15 miles (24 km) northeast of Omak Washington. The lake has a surface area of 80 acres (32.37 ha) and is located at 4475 ft (1364 m) above sea level. The northeast portion of the lake borders the Okanogan National Forest and the south half is on the Colville Indian Reservation. Most of the property along the shoreline of the lake is privately owned with a US Forest Service campground occupying the northeast side of the lake.
 Kingman Lake is a 110-acre (0.45 km2) artificial lake located in the Anacostia River in Washington D.C. in the United States. The lake was created in 1920 when the United States Army Corps of Engineers used material dredged from the Anacostia River to create Kingman Island.
 The Denti della Vecchia (1491 m) (lit. teeth of the old woman) are a mountain of the Lugano Prealps located north of Lake Lugano on the border between Italy and Switzerland. They are composed of several summits of which the highest is named Sasso Grande.
 The Zongo River (Aymara sunku one-armed) is a river in the La Paz Department of Bolivia.
 The Shilka (Russian: Ши́лка) is a river in Zabaykalsky Krai south-eastern Russia. It has a length of 560 km (350 mi). It originates as a confluence of the Onon and Ingoda rivers. Its confluence with the Ergune on the Russia-China border gives rise to the Amur River. The river is navigable for its entire length. The name derives from Evenki shilki 'narrow valley.'
 Petersberg is a mountain in the Flintsbach municipality of Bavaria Germany.
 Hilbert is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon just past the southeast limb. It lies just beyond the region of the surface that is occasionally brought into view due to libration and so this feature cannot be observed directly from the Earth.The crater is attached to the southeast rim of the walled plain Pasteur a formation nearly half as large again as Hilbert.
 The Salmon River is located in Idaho in the northwestern United States. The Salmon is also known as The River of No Return. It flows for 425 miles (684 km) through central Idaho draining a rugged thinly populated watershed of 14000 square miles (36260 km2) and dropping more than 7000 feet (2134 m) between its headwaters near Galena Summit above the Sawtooth Valley in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area and its confluence with the Snake River.
 The Sebeșel River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Costișa River is a tributary of the Diudiu River in Romania.
 Mount Aspiring / Tititea is New Zealand's highest mountain outside the Aoraki/Mount Cook region.Set within Otago's Mount Aspiring National Park it has a height of 3033 metres (9950 feet). Māori named it Tititea which translates as Glistening Peak. Named in December 1857 by the Chief Surveyor for the Otago Province John Turnbull Thomson. It is also often called 'the Matterhorn of the South' for its pyramidal peak when seen from the Dart River.
 The Scratchgravel Hills el. 5233 feet (1595 m) are a small summit of hills northwest of Helena in Lewis and Clark County Montana. The area has seen increased development and a drop in water level in recent years. The Scratchgravel Hills have alluvial deposits on top of faulted granitic bedrock. There was extensive mining in the area in late 1800s through the 1930s. The northern part of the region has folding shale sandstone and limestone from the Algonkian (Belt) age.
 The Wharekahika River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows east its course paralleling the north coast of the Gisborne Region and reaches the sea at Hicks Bay.
 The Dobrani River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 Wołoszyn is a mountain massif in the Tatra Mountains in Poland It reaches 2158 meters at its highest peak.Wołoszyn is part of the Polish Tatra National Park.
 The Hohe Tauern or High Tauern (pl.) (Italian: Alti Tauri) are a mountain range on the main chain of the Central Eastern Alps comprising the highest peaks east of the Brenner Pass. The crest forms the southern border of the Austrian state of Salzburg with Carinthia and East Tyrol while a small part in the southwest belongs to the Italian province of South Tyrol. The range includes Austria's highest mountain the Grossglockner. For the etymology of the name see Tauern.
 The Black River is one of the longest rivers in Jamaica. At a length of 53.4 km (33.2 mi) it was believed to be the longest until it was discovered that the Rio Minho was 92.8 km long. Its name refers to the darkness of the river bed caused by thick layers of decomposing vegetation. Over 100 species of birds have been recorded in the Black River morass.
 Kings Peak is a mountain in Benewah County Idaho United States and is about 1 mile (1.6 km) southwest of the town of St. Maries.
 Herðubreið (Icelandic pronunciation: [ˈhɛrðʏpreiθ] broad-shouldered) is a tuya in north-east Iceland. It is situated in the Highlands of Iceland in the midst of the Ódáðahraun desert and close to Askja volcano. The desert is a large lava field originating from eruptions of Trölladyngja. Herðubreið was formed beneath the icesheet that covered Iceland during the last glacial period.
 The Yellow Bank River is a 12.0-mile-long (19.3 km) tributary of the Minnesota River in western Minnesota in the United States. It is formed by the confluence of two longer streams the North Fork Yellow Bank River and the South Fork Yellow Bank River which also flow in northeastern South Dakota.
 Tent Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia on the Continental Divide. It was named in 1911 by Morrison P. Bridgland.
 Vardousia (Greek: Βαρδούσια) is a mountain in northwestern Phocis and southwestern Phthiotis Greece. Its highest peak Korakas (Greek: Κόρακας) reaches 2495 m (8186 ft) above sea level making it the second-tallest summit in Central Greece after Giona. It is a southern extension of the Pindus mountains.
 The Scaiu River is a tributary of the Luncani River in Romania.
 Kleine Henne is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Hauhungatahi is an eroded volcano at the southern end of the Taupo Volcanic Zone in New Zealand located about 11 km (7 mi) WNW of Mount Ruapehu. Although relatively little-known at 1521 m (4990 ft) Hauhungatahi is one of the highest volcanoes in New Zealand exceeded in elevation by only Ruapehu Taranaki/Egmont (including Fanthams Peak) and the Tongariro massif (including Ngauruhoe). The volcano is constructed atop an upfaulted block of Mesozoic marine sediments.
 The Riacho River (Espírito Santo) is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 The Pelly Mountains are a mountain range in the Yukon Canada. It has an area of 44014 km2 and is a subrange of the Yukon Ranges which in turn form part of the Pacific Coast Ranges.
 Zla Kolata (Montenegrin: Зла Колата Zla Kolata; Albanian: Kollata e Keqe) is a mountain of the Prokletije on the border of Albania and Montenegro. It has an elevation of 2534 metres (8314 ft) making it the highest mountain in Montenegro and the 16th highest in Albania. It is located on the border of the Plav municipality of Montenegro and the Tropojë district of Kukës County Albania. Zla Kolata has an enormous summit and is a popular tourist destination in both countries.
 Table Rock is a mountain in the east rim of Linville Gorge part of Pisgah National Forest (Grandfather Ranger District). It features a unique rock formation and is a prominent peak in the area.The peak makes for a quick hike from a nearby parking area and is also very popular for rock climbing.
 The Godeanu River is a tributary of the Dobrețu River in Romania.
 Big Bald Mountain is a prominent peak in the Canadian province of New Brunswick. It lies adjacent to Colonels Mountain east of the Christmas Mountains and near the headwaters of the Northwest Miramichi River the Sevogle River and the South Branch Nepisiguit River.
 The Șugăul Mic River is a headwater of the Şugău River in Romania.
 Goulburn River a perennial river of the Hunter River catchment is located in the Upper Hunter region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Margașu River is a tributary of the Ribița River in Romania.
 The Vizontea River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Monte Mars at 2600 m is the highest peak of the Alpi Biellesi north-western Italy.
 The Gajapara River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Wolf is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Amistad Reservoir (Spanish: Presa Amistad) is a reservoir on the Rio Grande at its confluence with the Devils River 12 miles (19 km) northwest of Del Rio Texas USA. The lake is bounded by Val Verde County on the Texas side of the international border and the state of Coahuila on the Mexican side of the border.
 Xueyu Cave (Chinese: 雪玉洞; pinyin: Xuěyù Dòng; literally Snow Jade Cave) is a National Three Gorges Scenic Area and a National 4A Scenic Area located in Fengdu County Chongqing Municipality People's Republic of China.
 The Green River is a 384-mile-long (618 km) tributary of the Ohio River that rises in Lincoln County in south-central Kentucky. Tributaries of the Green River include the Barren River the Nolin River the Pond River and the Rough River. The river was named after Nathanael Greene a general of the American Revolutionary War.
 Fitnah is an impact crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Fitnah was first observed in Cassini–Huygens images during that mission's February 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 45.1° North Latitude 290.6° West Longitude and is 16.5 kilometers across. The topography of the impact crater appears very subdued suggesting that the crater has undergone significant viscous relaxation since its formation leaving behind only the raised rim behind.
 Clearwater Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada located near Highway 11 north of the town of Orillia. It is adjacent to Washago and Coopers Falls. The lake has a muddy/weedy bottom that is ideal for fishing as well as rocks protruding out of the water in certain areas. Clearwater Lake is accessed by private roads that are maintained by local cottagers association(s). Many cottages and full/part-time residences are present.
 The Hikutaia River is a river of New Zealand's North Island. It has its source in several streams which flow west from the Coromandel Range the longest of which is the Waipaheke Stream. The river generally flows west reaching its outflow into the Waihou River 10 kilomwetres north of Paeroa on the edge of the Hauraki Plains.
 The Chub River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Calebu River is a river of Chile.
 Blue Brook is a tributary of Green Brook in Union County New Jersey in the United States.Blue Brook flows from Summit through Lake Surprise in the Watchung Reservation and terminating at Seeley's Pond near the corners of Diamond Hill Road and Valley Road where it joins Green Brook.
 There are two hills in Hampshire called Beacon Hill; the other one is near Warnford.Beacon Hill is near the village of Burghclere and Watership Down in north Hampshire. The hill's name is derived from the fact that it was one of many Beacon Hills in England and beyond. This hill was once the site of the most famous beacon in Hampshire. It is 261 metres high and has one of England's most well known hill forts on its slopes visible from the main A34 road which passes close by.
 The Tasman Region's Clarke River is one of three rivers by that name in the South Island of New Zealand. It rises in the Kahurangi National Park from the eastern flanks of Mt Sodom (1565 metres (5135 ft)) and Mt Gomorrah (1592 metres (5223 ft)) flowing southeast then northeast before joining the Baton River 10 kilometres northwest of the township of Tapawera.
 The Rivière Sèche is a river of Martinique.
 The Fehér Bükk River or Fagul Alb River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică River in Romania.
 The Urlătoarea Mare River is a headwater of the Poarta River in Romania.
 Aukštojas Hill is the highest point in all of Lithuania; it is located in the Medininkai Highlands Migūnai forestry approximately 24 kilometres (15 mi) southeast of the capital city of Vilnius. Its elevation was measured in 2004 at 293.84 metres (964.08 feet) by specialists at the Institute of Geodesy at Vilnius Gediminas Technical University using GPS technology. Previously Juozapinė Hill at 292.7 metres (960.35 feet) had been officially regarded as the highest point in Lithuania.
 Rose Canyon Lake is located 30 miles (48 km) northeast of Tucson Arizona in the Santa Catalina Mountains near Mount Lemmon. Rose Canyon Lake is the only lake in the Santa Catalina District that is managed for recreational fishing. It is relatively small (7 acres) and is tucked away in a picturesque stand of mature ponderosa pines high on the slopes of the Santa Catalina Mountains. A paved road through Rose Canyon Campground leads to a small parking area a short walk from the water.
 Mount Süphan (Turkish: Süphan Dağı Kurdish: Sîpana Xelatê Armenian: Սիփան լեռ Նեխ Մասիք Ծիպան Սուփխան: Sipan Negh Masik Tzipan) is a stratovolcano located in eastern Turkey immediately north of Lake Van. It is the second highest volcano in Turkey with an elevation of 4058 m or 13314 ft) and has the second highest prominence of the Armenian Highland after Mount Ararat.
 The Anachii River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 The Uimeerê River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Thunder Mountain in the Sierra Nevada of California is located west of Silver Lake and east of Kirkwood Mountain Resort. The mountain has two peaks the 9410-foot (2870 m) main peak and a 9412-foot (2869 m) sub-peak west of the main peak.The main summit is the highest point in Amador County. Due to the high elevation most precipitation that falls on Thunder Mountain consists of snow.
 The French River is a 13-mile-long (21 km) river in Saint Louis County Minnesota United States flowing into Lake Superior at the unincorporated community of French River in Duluth Township. The river also flows through Normanna and Lakewood townships.
 The Valea Jocii River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa River in Romania.
 The Ruseni River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River near the end of Lake Izvorul Muntelui in Romania.
 Hill is a small lunar impact crater that is located to the west of the prominent crater Macrobius near the eastern edge of the Sinus Amoris. This crater was previously designated Macrobius B before being given a name by the IAU. It lies just to the north-northeast of Carmichael another renamed satellite crater of Macrobius.This is a circular bowl-shaped crater with an inner wall that has a relatively high albedo compared to the surrounding terrain.
 The Varadouro River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Lake Poinsett is a lake in Brevard County Florida near Rockledge and Cocoa with small portions in Orange County and Osceola County. It is the second largest lake in Brevard County after Lake Washington though it is actually the smallest lake in Osceola County. It is the widest lake in Brevard County with a distance of 5 miles (8 km) at its widest point.
 Lichtberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Moonshine Lake Provincial Park 55°52′47″N 119°12′56″W was established in 1979 and covers an area of 847 hectares. The campground is located on the north and northeast side of the lake while the day-use area and group camping is located on the south side of the lake.As early as 1910 this small lake 55°53′11″N 119°13′40″W was located on what was known as the Moonshine Trail. The lake was originally called Mirage Lake.
 Hochwald is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Miraș River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Saldurbach (Italian: Saldura) is a stream located in South Tyrol Italy.
 Baden-Powell Scout Peak formerly known as Urkema Peak in Nepal is part of the Himalayas the highest mountain range in the world. It is on the border with China about a hundred miles west of Mount Everest. As part of the Scouting 2007 Centenary the government of Nepal renamed Urkema Peak to Baden-Powell Scout Peak to commemorate 100 years of Scouting in honor of British soldier Robert Baden-Powell founder of the World Scouting movement.
 Onion Creek (Texas) is a small tributary stream of the Colorado River in Texas. It begins 12 mi (19 km) southeast of Johnson City Blanco County Texas and flows approximately 79 mi (127 km) eastward into the Colorado River 2 mi (3.2 km) northwest of Garfield in Travis County Texas. While areas surrounding the creek's origin in Blanco Country are primarily rural areas closer to its mouth in Travis Country have more urban and industrial development.
 Petrohan Pass is a mountain pass in the Balkan Mountains (Stara Planina) in Bulgaria. It connects Sofia and Montana. The pass is part of Pan-European Corridor IV. As the pass represents the shortest route between Sofia and north-western Bulgaria (and from there Romania especially since the opening of the Vidin-Calafat bridge) the expansion of the narrow road passing through the pass has been suggested including by the construction of a tunnel.
 The Das Almas River (São Paulo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Pârâul Șasei is a tributary of the Băiașu River in Romania
 The Valea Cerbului River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
 For neighborhoods in Turkish cities see Altındağ İzmir and Altındağ AnkaraAltyn-Tagh (Astyn-Tagh Altun Mountains Pinyin: Altun Shan A-erh-chin Wade–Giles:A-erh-chin shan Aerjin Shan (Chinese: 阿尔金山)) is a part of the range south of Lop Nor) and is a mountain range in northwestern China that separates the eastern Tarim Basin from the Tibetan Plateau.
 The Cerquinha River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 The Colimes River is a river of Ecuador.
 The Grotta dello Smeraldo (Italian for Emerald Grotto) is a cave partly inundated by the sea and located in Conca dei Marini Italy on the Amalfi Coast.
 The Râul Lat is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Savage Mountain is an anticline extending from Bedford County Pennsylvania southwest into Western Maryland. It is the western side of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians and the eastern portion of the ridge forms the border of Garrett and Allegany Counties of Maryland.
 The Tapu River is a river of the Coromandel Peninsula in New Zealand's North Island. It flows west from the Coromandel Range reaching the Firth of Thames at the settlement of Tapu approximately halfway between Thames and Coromandel.
 Lake Parrish built in the middle of the 1970s by Florida Power & Light (FPL) is a lake that provides water to be used for the Manatee power plant. This lake is surrounded by grassland except on the southwest corner where the power plant is located. This lake is somewhat rectangular and is surrounded on the south west north and the northeast by a long levee. Two access roads originate at the power plant and extend into the lake far to the north and east.
 The Bächlistock is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Unteraar Glacier in the canton of Bern. Its summit has an elevation of 3247 metres above sea level and is the tripoint between the glacier valleys of Hiendertelltigletscher Bächligletscher and Unteraar.
 Couperin is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 80 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Couperin is named for the French composer François Couperin who lived from 1688 to 1733.
 Boobir Creek Dam is the town water supply for Blackbutt Queensland. Boobir Creek Dam ran nearly dry and Nanango Shire Council called for urgent tenders to complete a pipeline from Wivenhoe Dam.
 The Paltina River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mare River in Romania.
 Lower Bead Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake or the Goat Creek drainage.Lower Bead Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. The lake is downstream of Upper Bead Lake.
 Blue Mountain is a mountain in the Crystal Range a subrange of the Sierra Nevada. It is west of Lake Tahoe on the western boundary of the Desolation Wilderness in El Dorado County California.
 Nordgulen is a fjord in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It is a branch off the main Gulen fjord. The length of the fjord is about 9 kilometres (5.6 mi). The river Svelgen is one of the primary inflows into the Nordgulen fjord. The village of Svelgen is located at the end of the Nordgulen fjord. There are settlements all around the fjord and roads along the coast around the entire fjord.
 Yellow House Draw is an ephemeral watercourse about 236 km (147 mi) long heading about 20 km (12 mi) southwest of Melrose New Mexico and tending generally east-southeastward across the Llano Estacado to the city of Lubbock where it joins Blackwater Draw to form Yellow House Canyon at the head of the North Fork Double Mountain Fork Brazos River.
 The Shipra also known as the Kshipra is a river in Madhya Pradesh state of central India. The river rises in the kakri bardi hills Vindhya Range north of Dhar and flows north across the Malwa Plateau to join the Chambal River. It is one of the sacred rivers in Hinduism. The holy city of Ujjain is situated on its right bank.
 Lister is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Strawberry Hill is a hill in San Francisco California near the center of Golden Gate Park. The hill occupies an entire island in the park's man-made Stow Lake and is connected by two bridges to the mainland of the park. The island is covered with a variety of trees and shrubbery and contains several trails and dirt steps that encircle and lead to the top of the hill. The island also contains a waterfall that leads into the lake. A Chinese peace pagoda stands near the shore of the lake.
 Makomanai River (真駒内川 Makomanai-gawa) is a tributary of the Toyohira River in Sapporo Hokkaidō Japan. It has a length of 21 kilometres (13 mi) and has a watershed of 37 square kilometres (14 sq mi). Flowing from Bankei Pond (万計沼 Bankei Numa) in the mountains the Makomanai River's upper course is called Bankei River (万計沢川 Bankeisawa-gawa) too. Its middle course flows through a narrow valley about 200 metres (660 ft) wide in the Tokiwa (常盤) area.
 The Oberbauenstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps overlooking Lake Lucerne in Central Switzerland. Its 2117 metre high summit is located on the border between the cantons of Nidwalden and Uri.
 Katsuk Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington in a cirque to the north of Katsuk Peak and east of Kimtah Peak. Both Katsuk and Kimtah Peaks are prominent summits along a ridge known as Jagged Edge. Katsuk Glacier consists of three disconnected sections the largest of which stretches for over 1 mi (1.6 km) in width. Kimtah Glacier is immediately west of Katsuk Glacier while the Mesahchie Glacier lies to the east.
 Little Hart Crag is a fell in the Lake District area of England. It stands at the head of Scandale six kilometres north of Ambleside at a height of 637 metres (2090 feet). It is an eastern outlier of Dove Crag in the Eastern Fells although it does have 34 metres of prominence from that fell making it both a Hewitt and a Nuttall fell.
 Whitesand Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. The primary inflow and outflow is the Whitesand River. The lake is about 3600 metres (11811 ft) long and 500 metres (1640 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 311 metres (1020 ft).A second lake in Thunder Bay District with the same name Whitesand Lake (Hewitson River) is further southeast and is on the Hewitson River system.
 Okyo is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 65 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1985. Nizami is named for the Japanese painter Maruyama Ōkyo who lived from 1733 to 1795.
 Neue Luppe is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Seven Sisters part of the Holyoke Range and located within the Pioneer Valley region of Massachusetts are a series of basalt ridgeline knobs between Mount Holyoke and Mount Hitchcock (there are actually more than seven distinct peaks). The knobs offer scenic clifftop views interspersed with oak savanna woodlands. The highest sister has an elevation of 945 ft (288 m) and stands 800 ft (244 m) above the valley below.
 Qhapiya (in the Aymara spelling) or Qapiya (Uru language hispanicized spellings Capía Ccapia Ccapía Khapia Khapía K'apía) is a mountain in Peru possibly an extinct volcano situated at a height of about 4809 metres (15778 ft). It is located in the Puno Region Chucuito Province in the districts Pomata and Zepita and in the Yunguyo Province in the districts Cuturapi Copani and Yunguyo.
 Lake Pinatubo (Filipino: Lawa ng Pinatubo) is the summit crater lake of Mount Pinatubo formed after its climactic eruption on June 15 1991. The lake is located near the boundaries of Pampanga Tarlac and Zambales provinces in the Philippines and is the deepest lake in the country at 800 m (2600 ft). It is about 90 km (56 mi) northwest of the capital city of Manila.
 Jaú River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Hebbecke (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Josephine is a subglacial mound in the Tuya Range in British Columbia Canada. It is located near the northwestern shore of Tuya Lake.
 The Theodulhorn (3469 m) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking the Theodul Pass on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies south of Zermatt (in Valais) and east of Breuil-Cervinia (in the Aosta Valley). The northern side of the mountain is heavily glaciated and is part of a ski area.The Theodulhorn is the easternmost summit of the range descending from the south-east ridge of Matterhorn named Furgggrat.
 Namak Lake (Daryacheh-ye Namak) (Persian for Salt Lake) is a salt lake in Iran. It is located approximately 100 km (62 mi) east of the City of Qom at an elevation of 790 metres (2590 ft) above sea level. The lake has a surface area of about 1800 km² but most of this is dry. Water only covers 1 km². The lake only reaches a depth between 45 centimetres to 1 metre. The most important water supply is the river Qom.
 The Stoican River is a tributary of the Lupoaia in Romania. The river crosses a coal mining area where it is channelized.
 The Durașu River is a tributary of the Nechitu River in Romania.
 The Sendai River (千代川 Sendai-gawa) is a river in eastern Tottori Prefecture Japan. The Sendai is 52 kilometers (32 mi) in length and has a drainage area of 1190 square kilometers (460 sq mi). The source of the river is in the Chūgoku Mountains. The Sendai flows north through Tottori Prefecture into the Sea of Japan. Under the Rivers Act of 1964 it is designated a Class 1 River and is managed by the Japanese Ministry of Land Infrastructure Transport and Tourism.
 Mont Lozère (Occitan: Mont Losera) is the highest peak in the Cévennes National Park of France at 1699 metres (5574 ft). There is also a secondary peak.Mont Lozère is commonly used for skiing during the winter months. It is also a popular destination for school/college/university groups during the summer months . It offers some stunning natural scenery and is covered by coniferous plantations and 'broom'scrub moorland.Mount Lozere is also the source of the River Tarn.
 Mess Lake is a lake in Mount Edziza Provincial Park northern British Columbia Canada. It is an expansion of Mess Creek.
 Isfjorden is a branch of the Romsdalsfjorden in Rauma Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 6.5-kilometre (4.0 mi) long fjord stretches past the town of Åndalsnes and ends at the village of Isfjorden. The Norwegian County Road 64 runs around the whole fjord. The Raumabanen railway line has its terminus at the railway port in the town of Åndalsnes on the southern coast of the fjord.
 Vlaška planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Влашка планина) is a mountain in southeastern Serbia near the town of Dimitrovgrad. Its highest peak Panica has an elevation of 1443 meters (4734 ft) above sea level. With Greben Vlaška planina forms the gorge of Jerma river.
 Frohnhauser Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Lake Sausacocha (Spanish: Laguna Sausacocha Quechua: Sawsaqucha) is a lake in Peru 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) to the northeast of Huamachuco in Huamachuco District Sánchez Carrión Province. Literal meaning of Sausacocha is “lagoon that never dries.” Overgrazed hillsides surround the lake and there are also Inca ruins nearby.
 Hyrynjärvi is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is situated in Kainuu region and in Hyrynsalmi municipality.
 Lichen Lake is a 276 acre lake in Cook County Minnesota which is tributary to the Poplar River. It sits 1781 feet above sea level. Lichen Lake previously also went by the name Beaver Lake but was formally affirmed in the present name in 1959 by the United States Board on Geographic Names.A Minnesota DNR water plant survey of Lichen Lake found it to be home to numerous varieties of pondweed burreed and dozens of other species of plants.
 The Purus is a tributary of the Amazon River in South America. Its drainage basin is 63166 km2 (24389 sq mi) and the mean discharge is 8400 m³/s.It enters the Amazon River west of the Madeira River which it parallels as far south as the falls of the latter stream. It runs through a continuous forest at the bottom of the great depression lying between the Madeira River which skirts the edge of the Brazilian sandstone plateau and the Ucayali which hugs the base of the Andes.
 The Deluț River is a tributary of the Strâmbu-Băiuţ River in Romania.
 The Lajeado River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Little Cranberry Lake is a lake of Digby District in Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Lahinja is a river in White Carniola the extreme southeastern part of Slovenia. It is 34 kilometres (21 mi) long and originates from several karst springs at the end of a steephead valley between the villages of Knežina Belčji Vrh and Mali Nerajec. In its upper course the river flows towards the north in a narrow bed with a very shallow gradient resulting in the fact that it meanders significantly.
 Berowra Creek a watercourse that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located to the north of the Sydney central business district in the Hornsby Shire of New South Wales Australia.
 Laguna Azul (Spanish for blue lake or blue lagoon) is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. Its surface area is 6.1 km².
 Mont Collon (3637 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais. Its glaciated north face dominates the view south from the village of Arolla.The ascent over the West Ridge first made by A. Cust and F. Gardiner with the guides Peter Knubel and Johannes Knubel of St. Niklaus in the canton Valais on 3 August 1876 is now the normal route.
 Benkehøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Bärensteine is a massif in the state of Saxony in eastern Germany near Weißig. It comprises the two rock formations known as the Großer and Kleiner Bärenstein (the Great and Little Bear Rock) in Saxon Switzerland. The Kleiner Bärenstein has a height of 338 metres (1109 feet). The more prominent Großer Bärenstein is actually the lower of the two with a height of 327 metres (1073 feet).
 Manymoon Lake is a 24 acre lake in Cook County Minnesota belonging to the Poplar River watershed. At its deepest point it measures only 6.5 feet deep and has abundant aquatic plant life to a depth of 2.5 feet. Water clarity as of 2008 measured 1.41 meters. The substrate consists of muck and stones of no uniform size. Manymoon lake has neither inlet nor permanent outlet although an intermittent stream feeds a wetland on the end of the southeastern bay.
 The Gudbrandsdalslågen (or the Lågen) river flows through the Gudbrandsdal of Norway.The Gudbrandsdalslågen begins in the lake Lesjaskogsvatnet (or Lesjavatn) which lies in Lesja municipality in Oppland. Lesjavatn is the only lake in Norway which has two outlets; they flow into two of Norway’s more famous rivers.
 Münzbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Culebrinas River (Spanish: Río Culebrinas; pron. koo-le-BREE-nahs) is a river in northwest Puerto Rico. It originates in southwestern Lares and flows for 25 miles (40 km) till it empties into the Mona Passage south of downtown Aguadilla.
 Dôme des Pichères is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3319 metres above sea level.
 The Las Lomas are a mountain range in Kings County California.
 The Patrani River is a tributary of the Ismar River in Romania.
 The Soloneț River or Râul Luncanilor is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 The Poiana River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Middle Creek is a 17.1-mile-long (27.5 km) stream in Pennsylvania and Maryland. It is a tributary of Toms Creek joining it near Emmitsburg Maryland. Water from Middle Creek flows via Toms Creek the Monocacy River and the Potomac River to Chesapeake Bay and eventually the Atlantic Ocean.
 Knoll Lake is part of the Blue Ridge Ranger District of the Coconino National Forest. It gets its name from a rocky island located in the middle of the lake. Knoll Lake is located in Leonard Canyon Arizona along the Mogollon Rim. This 75-acre (30 ha) lake is located at 7340 feet (2240 m) elevation and is closed to visitors in the winter months. Bald eagles can be seen during the winter month's if the roads are open late into the season.
 Lake Erie (/ˈɪri/; French: Lac Érié) is the fourth largest lake (by surface area) of the five Great Lakes in North America and the tenth largest globally or twelfth largest globally if measured in terms of surface area. It is the southernmost shallowest and smallest by volume of the Great Lakes and therefore also has the shortest average water residence time. It is bounded by Ontario to the north Ohio Pennsylvania and New York to the south and Michigan to the west.
 Sour Howes is a small fell in the English Lake District. It is situated five kilometres east of Ambleside between the Troutbeck and Kentmere valleys and is one of the two separate fells on Applethwaite Common (the other being Sallows).
 Monte San Lorenzo also known as Monte Cochrane is a mountain on the border between Argentina and Chile in Patagonia reaching a height of 3706 metres (12159 ft). The Chilean name of Cochrane comes from the nearby town of Cochrane where climbers often approach the mountain. The peak was first climbed by Alberto María de Agostini in 1943.The mountain is covered by three large glaciers (two in Argentina and one in Chile). The Argentine glaciers show clear evidence of retreat.
 Lake Bam is located near the town of Kongoussi in Burkina Faso. The lake is slowly drying up putting at risk the nearby village's agriculture fish stocks and cattle watering.
 Seymour Lake is a lake in the Lake Huron drainage basin in Algoma District Ontario Canada. It is about 1.7 kilometres (1.1 mi) long and 0.9 kilometres (0.6 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 411 metres (1348 ft) 60 kilometres (37 mi) northwest of the community of Elliot Lake. The lake is the source of the Rapid River which flows via the Mississagi River to Lake Huron.
 Peach Creek (Guadalupe River) is a river in Texas.
 Heidehöhe is a hill of Brandenburg Germany.
 Piz Mitgel is a mountain in the Albula Range of the Alps overlooking Savognin in the canton of Graubünden. Similarly to its higher neighbor Corn da Tinizong it has an almost vertical south face. A via ferrata (Senda Ferrada) leads to the summit.
 Crowsnest Range is a mountain range of the Rocky Mountains in southwestern Alberta and southeastern British Columbia Canada.The range is located south of the Crowsnest Pass which separates it from the High Rock Range. It is part of the Southern Continental Ranges of the Canadian Rockies.
 Dofinivka Estuary Great Adzhalyk Estuary or Dofinisvkyi Lyman (Ukrainian: Дофінівський лиман Великий Аджалицький лиман Russian: Дофиновский лиман Большой Аджалыцкий лиман Turkish: Büyük Adcalik liman) is a brackish water area in South Ukraine in 12 km to east from Odessa. The water body is an estuary of small steppe river Great Adzhalyk which inflows to the estuary in northern part. The length of the estuary is about 8 km width about 1 km.
 The Ploștina River is a tributary of the Motru River in Romania.
 Mount Konocti /kɵˈnɒktaɪ/ is a volcano in Lake County California on the south shore of Clear Lake. At 4305 feet (1312 m) it is the second highest peak in the Clear Lake Volcanic Field which consists of numerous volcanic domes and cones ranging from 10000 to 2.1 million years old. Although it is often described as extinct it is actually classified as High to Very High Threat Potential.
 Krückau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Pârâul Florilor is a small river in Cluj County western Romania. It is a left tributary of the river Arieş. It flows through the villages of Boj-Cătun Valea Florilor Ploscoș Viișoara and joins the Arieș opposite Câmpia Turzii. A reach of the Câmpia Turzii - Cluj railway follows the course of the Pârâul Florilor.
 Brooks Pond is a Massachusetts water body bordered by the towns of North Brookfield Oakham Spencer and New Braintree. It forms the headwaters of the Five Mile River which is part of the Chicopee River Watershed.
 Lake Burragorang is an Australian man-made water supply dammed reservoir.Lake Burragorang is impounded by Warragamba Dam and is located in the lower Blue Mountains of New South Wales within the Greater Blue Mountains Area World Heritage Site. The 2031-gigalitre (4.47×1011 imp gal; 5.37×1011 US gal) reservoir collects water from the converged flows of the Coxs Kowmung Nattai Wingecarribee Wollondilly and Warragamba rivers and their associated tributaries.
 Brassel Mountain (Irish: Cnoc Breasail) is a prominent foothill of the MacGillycuddy's Reeks range in County Kerry Ireland. It is 575 metres high and its summit is located at grid reference V830823. The hill lies south of the eastern ridge of the Reeks below Cnoc an Chuillin (958 m).
 Lake Iroquois is a 229-acre (0.93 km2) reservoir in northwestern Vermont bordered by three towns: Hinesburg Williston and Richmond.Lake Iroquois (formerly known as Hinesburg pond) was created in 1867 to supply mills in Hinesburg with a better water supply. Building a dam on Pond Brook caused the existing spring-fed pond to rise above its banks and become the current lake. The towns share a beach on the lake plus there is a public boat access.
 Tawlliqucha (Quechua tawlli a kind of legume qucha lake lagoon hispanicized spelling Taullicocha also Taulliqocha) is a lake in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru located in the Ancash Region Huaylas Province Santa Cruz District. It lies southeast of the mountain Pukahirka and southwest of the Tawllirahu.The little river Yuraqmayu originates near Tawlliqucha. It is a right tributary of the Santa River.
 Asu Asuni (Aymara asu newborn creature the reduplication signifies there is a group or a complex of s.th. -ni a nominal suffix to indicate ownership the one that has got some newborn creatures) is a volcanic complex in the Andes about 4968 m (16299 ft) high located in the Cordillera Occidental of Bolivia in the Oruro Department Sajama Province Turco Municipality Turco Canton.
 Röderbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Tolansky is a small circular lunar impact crater that is located due south of the crater Parry on the Mare Cognitum. The formation is symmetric with a light-hued outer rim and a darker interior floor. A rille belonging to the Rimae Parry almost connects with the north-northwestern rim of Tolansky.
 The Rot is a southern tributary of the river Danube in the region of Upper Swabia in Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It has a length of 54 km.The Rot runs in a northerly direction parallel to the river Iller to the east and Westernach to the west. Both these rivers are also tributaries to the Danube.
 The Elbow Range is a mountain range in Clark County Nevada.
 Molamenqing (Chinese: 摩拉门青) or Phola Gangchen is an eastern outlier of Shishapangma the 14th highest peak in the world. Both are in the Jugal Himal a subrange of the Himalaya in Tibet. (This range is contiguous with and often considered as part of the Langtang Himal.) Its elevation is also given as 7661 m (25134 ft); the elevation given here is from a Chinese survey. (Neate 1989:52) Molamenqing is little-known partly since it does not have much independent stature.
 Nevado Anallajsi is a stratovolcano in Bolivia. The date of its last eruption is unknown but its youngest lava flows appear to have erupted from a vent on the north flank of the mountain. The main composition of the volcano is andesitic and dacitic. It overlies a plateau which is composed of ignimbrite.
 Mercurius is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northeastern part of the Moon. It lies to the northeast of the smaller crater Carrington and west-northwest of Zeno. Just to the south is the small lunar mare named Lacus Spei and to the west is the larger Lacus Temporis.The rim of Mercurius is circular with a somewhat irregular edge. There are small outward bulges along several sections of the rim with the most notable bulges being along the eastern and southern sides.
 The Huaracha River is a river of Mexico.
 Tangier Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Valea Strâmbă River is a tributary of the Valea Coacăzei River in Romania.
 Rota is a stratovolcano located in the western part of Nicaragua.
 Maulach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Tacotalpa River is a river of Mexico.
 The Cupașul Mic River is a tributary of the Cupaș River in Romania.
 The Beatty Saugeen River is a river in the Saugeen River and Lake Huron drainage basins in Grey County southwestern Ontario Canada. It is a tributary of the South Saugeen River.
 Mount Prevost is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada. It is northwest of Duncan and has a distinctive skyline with the two rock bluffs. On top of the highest north bluff is a war memorial.
 Lake Sarnen (German: Sarnersee) is a lake in the Swiss canton of Obwalden. The lake is on the Sarner Aa river which flows out of the Lake Lungern through the Lake Sarnen and into Lake Lucerne.
 Cameron Lake is a lake in central Vancouver Island located 15 km east of Port Alberni on the north side of Highway 4. It has an area of 477 hectares and an elevation of 184 metres above sea level. The lake is between Mount Arrowsmith to the south and Mount Wesley to the north.
 The Bujonescu River is a tributary of the Iordana River in Romania.
 Amisan is a mountain in the county of Hongcheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 960.8 m (3152 ft).
 Vacuum cementing or vacuum welding is the natural process of solidifying small objects in a hard vacuum.
 The Shelton Buttes are a mountain group of Buttes in Humboldt County California.
 The Pârâul Înstelat is a tributary of the Valea Vițeilor River in Romania.
 Bogess Creek is a small river in San Mateo County California and is a tributary of San Gregorio Creek.
 Aveline's Hole is a cave at Burrington Combe in the limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England.The earliest scientifically dated cemetery in Britain was found at Aveline's Hole. The human bone fragments it contained from about 21 different individuals are thought to be between roughly 10200 and 10400 years old.A series of inscribed crosses found on the wall of the Aveline's Hole cave are believed to date from the early Mesolithic period just after the Ice Age.
 Red Mountain is a 5880+ foot mountain in the Cascade Range Washington.
 Bjørnbakknosi is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Farley Hills are a mountain range in Baker County Oregon.
 Ebeko (Russian: Эбеко) is a highly active somma volcano located on the northern end of Paramushir Island Kuril Islands Russia. It is one of the most active volcanoes of the Kuril Islands.
 The Ribeirão River is a river of Espírito Santo state in eastern Brazil.
 Cerros de Incahuasi is a mountain with several summits located in the Antofagasta Region of Chile near Sico Pass.
 Crowsnest Pass (sometimes referred to as Crow's Nest Pass French: passe du Nid-de-Corbeau) is a high mountain pass across the Continental Divide of the Canadian Rockies on the Alberta/British Columbia border.
 Mount Rogers is a large hill with an elevation of 704 metres (2310 ft) located in the northern suburbs of Canberra within the Australian Capital Territory Australia. There is a park called the Mount Rogers Reserve at the crest of the hill and a trig point at the summit.
 The Rafallo River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 Xipamanu River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 The Râmnic River is a tributary of the Casimcea River in Romania.
 Olpe (Hundem) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Sailor Creek is a 64-mile (103 km) long tributary of the Snake River in the U.S. state of Idaho. Beginning at an elevation of 4879 feet (1487 m) southwest of Castleford in southeastern Owyhee County it flows north through the Bruneau Desert briefly crossing into Elmore County in the process. It then flows northwest to its mouth near Hammett at an elevation of 2467 feet (751.9 m).
 The Birkenkofel (Italian: Croda dei Baranci; German: Birkenkofel) is a mountain in the Sexten Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Tărâia river in Romania.
 Qi Baishi is a crater on Mercury. It has an asymmetric pattern of ejecta rays which formed by an object travelling to the east or to the west and impacting Mercury's surface at a very low incidence angle. However Qi Baishi crater is still roughly circular which is in contrast to the elongated shape of neighboring Hovnatanian crater.
 The Rivière Blanche (Martinique) is a river of Martinique.
 Kutschenberg is a hill of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Bârzei River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 The Dabie Mountains (Chinese: 大别山; Pinyin: Dàbié Shān) are a major mountain range located in central China. Running northwest-to-southeast they form the main watershed between the Huai and Yangtze rivers. The range also marks the boundary between Hubei Province and its neighbors of Henan (to the north) and Anhui (to the east).The western part of Dabie Mountains has a low elevation of only 1000–1300 feet (300–400 meters) though there are a few peaks rising to 3000 feet (900 meters).
 Dorndorfer Bach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Nette is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Authie is a river in northern France whose 103 km course crosses the departement of the Pas-de-Calais and Somme. Its source is near the village of Coigneux. It flows through the towns of Doullens Auxi-le-Château Nempont-Saint-Firmin and Nampont finally flowing out into the Channel near Berck.Its regular course has attracted mankind for many centuries developing an agricultural environment that is still dominant today.
 Dumlong moumtain in Belaichori Rangamati Bangladesh may be the second highest mountain in the country as claimed by Md.Wadud Mohosin Rubel with his three travel fellows Asif Aminur Rashid Nagib Meshkat & Abdul Haq in 2011. On the basis of Garmin GPS they have measured the height of the mountain which is 3314 feet. The location he recorded 22°02′02.1″N 92°35′36.3″E accurately matches the location given by Google Earth.
 Battert is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany with an elevation of 568m above sea level which is situated on the western rim of the Northern Black Forest near Baden-Baden. At the western flank lies the ruin of Schloss Hohenbaden at the southern the climbing area and nature reserve Battertfelsen. Ruins of circular ramparts of Celtic settlers can be found on the mountain's ridge. The borough of Ebersteinburg lies east of the mountain.
 The Brunei River is a river which flows through Brunei and empties into Brunei Bay towards the North-east direction. The Istana Nurul Iman the official residence of the Sultan of Brunei stands on its banks. The Brunei River is the shortest major river in Brunei Darussalam. Brunei Darussalam's traditional residential areas Kampong Ayer (Water Village) is situated on the river. Bandar Seri Begawan the capital of Brunei Darussalam stands on its banks.
 The Mieminger Chain (German: Mieminger Kette) or Mieminger Mountains (Mieminger Gebirge) is a mountain range of the Northern Limestone Alps in the Eastern Alps. It is located entirely in Austria within the state of Tyrol.This sub-group is somewhat in the shadows of its more famous neighbour the Wetterstein to the north.
 The Ak-Buura River (Kyrgyz: Ак-Буура) is a left tributary of the Kara Darya. The river is formed at the north slopes of Alai Mountains. The length of the river is 148 km (92 mi) and the watershed 2530 km2 (980 sq mi).
 The Great Palmiste River is a river of Grenada.
 Pope's Creek is a 5.3-mile-long (8.5 km) tidal tributary of the Potomac River in Westmoreland County Virginia. The George Washington Birthplace National Monument lies along the north side of Popes Creek. Popes Creek landing is located at 38°11′29″N 76°54′16″W.
 The Fânațele River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Hurley Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Pinch River a perennial river of the Snowy River catchment is located in the Snowy Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Dadou (French: le Dadou) is a 115.9 km (72.0 mi) long river in the Tarn département southern France. Its source is near Saint-Salvi-de-Carcavès. It flows generally west. It is a right tributary of the Agout into which it flows near Ambres.
 The Noire River (also known as the Black River) is a river in western Quebec Canada. It runs in a south-eastern direction into the Ottawa River at Waltham Quebec. It is named after the dark colour of its water (noire is French for Black).This river is often grouped together with the Dumoine and Coulonge Rivers as three of a kind.
 The Jemez River is a tributary of the Rio Grande in the U.S. state of New Mexico. The river is formed by the confluence of the East Fork Jemez River and San Antonio Creek which drain a number of tributaries in the area of the Jemez Mountains and Santa Fe National Forest. The Jemez River is about 50 miles (80 km) long or about 80 miles (130 km) long if its longest headwater tributary San Antonio Creek is included. The East Fork Jemez River is about 22 miles (35 km) long.
 The Oruawharo River is a river on the North Auckland Peninsula of New Zealand. It flows westward into the Kaipara Harbour west of Wellsford. It forms part of the boundary between the Northland region and the Auckland Region.
 The Passagassawakeag River (/pæsəɡæsəˈwɑːkɛɡ/ pas-uh-gas-uh-WAH-keg or /pəˌsɑːɡæsəˈwɑːkɛɡ/ pa-SAH-ga-suh-WAH-keg) is a 16-mile-long (26 km) river in Waldo County Maine in the United States. From the outlet of Lake Passagassawakeag (44°30′04″N 69°07′59″W) in Brooks it runs south and east to its estuary in Belfast Maine.
 Doi Phu Kha Thai: ดอยภูคา is a mountain in Southeast Asia part of the Luang Prabang Range (ทิวเขาหลวงพระบาง).It is a rugged mountain located in a forested area of Nan Province at the eastern end of the Thai highlands 18 km west of the international border between Laos and Thailand. The Doi Phu Kha National Park Northern Thailand's largest national park is located in the area surrounding the mountain.
 Lake Lagunillas is a lake in Peru.
 Djedi River (French: Oued Djedi or Ouad-ed-Djedi) or Djeddi River is a wadi (river with intermittent stream) in Algeria and one of the largest rivers of Sahara. It starts in the Saharan Atlas mountains at elevation of about 1400 meters (4600 ft) flows for about 480 kilometers (300 mi) approximately from west to east and discharges into Chott Melrhir lake at about –40 meters (130 ft) below mean sea level which is the lowest point of Algeria.
 Gisundet is a strait in the municipality of Lenvik in Troms Norway. It separates the island of Senja from the mainland. The strait is crossed by the Gisund Bridge.
 Flute Summit is a flat-topped summit in the Fitzsimmons Range of the Garibaldi Ranges of the Pacific Ranges in southwestern British Columbia Canada. It is located on the north side of Cheakamus Lake just southeast of the town of Whistler in Garibaldi Provincial Park. The mountain is part of a group of hills called the Musical Bumps.
 Bouguer is a lunar impact crater that lies along the southern edge of the Mare Frigoris to the north of the crater Bianchini. To the west-southwest of Bouguer along the same shore of the mare is the crater Foucault. Nearly due west is the more prominent Harpalus and to the west is La Condamine.This is a relatively young crater with well-defined edge. The formation is relatively circular but there are slight outward bulges to the east north-northwest and southwest.
 The Poienița River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania.
 The Pluton-Dolhești River or Dolhești River is a tributary of the Neamţ River in Romania.
 The Hotaru is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 Foel Cwmcerwyn is the highest point of the Preseli Hills and of Pembrokeshire. It lies within the borders of the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park although it is 10 km from the sea. A path leads to the summit from the village of Rosebush in the south-west. A trig point and a number of cairns are dotted across the summit area and there is a disused quarry on the hill's western slopes.
 Kanikula Glacier. also known as Little Tokositna Glacier is an 11-mile (18 km) long glacier in the Alaska Range of Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier originates in a series of glacial amphitheaters in the south side of the range moving southeast past Mount Goldie and ending before the valley of Tokositna Glacier. Variant forms and spellings of the name include K'enik'ela Li'a Kahnicula Glacier Kanicula Glacier and Little Tokasitna Glacier.
 Torsa River (also spelt Torsha and also known as Machu and Amo Chhu) rises from the Chumbi Valley in Tibet China where it is known as Machu. It flows into Bhutan where it is known as the Amo Chu.
 Baptiste Lake is a lake in Alberta Canada.
 Baughman Creek is a small stream located in Tillamook County Oregon. The stream originates from two sources east of Oceanside and exits into the Pacific Ocean at Oceanside Beach State Recreation Site.
 The Bellamonter Rottum is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Tamanaco River is a river of northern Venezuela. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 The Goose River is a river in Knox County Maine. From the outflow of Hosmer Pond (44°12′40″N 69°07′17″W) in Camden the river runs 4.4 miles (7.1 km) southeast to Rockport Harbor in Rockport.
 The Valea Lupilor River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mare in Romania.
 The Ub (Serbian Cyrillic: Уб) is a river in western Serbia a 57 km-long right and longest tributary to Tamnava river.The Ub originates from the Vlašić mountain in Podgorina region of west Serbia near the village of Kasapo.
 Piz Arpschella is a mountain of the Albula Alps located west of Zernez in Graubünden. The mountain is situated between the Val Grialetsch and the Val Sarsura.
 Brush Creek is a 10.5-mile-long (16.9 km) stream that runs from Johnson County Kansas through Jackson County Missouri. It is a tributary of the Blue River and by the Blue and the Missouri rivers it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.Brush Creek begins near West 80th Street and Lamar Avenue in Overland Park Kansas and drains to the Blue River at Blue Banks Avenue and Hardesty Avenue in Kansas City. It drains 27 square miles.[citation needed]
 The Gailach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The South River is a 20.3-mile-long (32.7 km) tributary of the Maury River in the U.S. state of Virginia. It is part of the James River watershed.It rises southwest of Lofton in Augusta County Virginia near the western base of the Blue Ridge Mountains and quickly receives the Saint Marys River coming out of the mountains from the east.
 Huayna Potosí is a mountain in Bolivia located about 25 km north of La Paz in the Cordillera Real.Huayna Potosí is the closest high mountain to La Paz a city which is surrounded by high mountains and itself is the highest capital city in the world. Huayna Potosí is roughly fifteen miles due north of the city which makes this mountain the most popular climb in Bolivia. The normal ascent route is a fairly straightforward glacier climb with some crevasses and a steep climb to the summit.
 Monte Carmine is a mountain of Basilicata Italy.
 Triebener Tauern Pass (el. 1274 m.) is a mountain pass in the Central Eastern Alps in Austria in the Bundesland of Styria. It crosses the Niedere Tauern chain connecting the city of Judenburg in the Mur valley in the south with Trieben in the north.Until the 1970s the northern ascent had two steeply sloping sections with a maximum grade of 16 and 21% including multiple hairpin turns moreover affected by landslides.
 The Boncuța River is a tributary of the Telejenel River in Romania.
 Black River is a 15.5-mile-long (24.9 km) river in Alcona County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The main branch rises in northern Harrisville Township at 44°40′46″N 83°22′15″W and flows north through Haynes Township and Alcona Township and empties into Lake Huron at 44°48′58″N 83°17′57″W at the unincorporated community of Black River. The north branch rises in Sanborn Township in southern Alpena County at 44°52′07″N 83°22′06″W.
 The Claia cu Brazi River is a tributary of the Ialomicioara River in Romania.
 Munsusan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1205 metres.
 Moncayo is a 15 km long and about 7 km wide mountain massif giving name to the Tarazona y el Moncayo comarca Aragon Spain. The Moncayo's highest summit San Miguel (2314 m) is the highest point in the 500 km long Sistema Ibérico.The Moncayo is located between the provinces of Zaragoza in Aragon and Soria in Castile and León. The ridge's highest summits are usually covered in snow between October and May every year.
 The Izvorul Bârlei River is a tributary of the Rebra River in Romania.
 The Turia Valley (Spanish: Valle del Turía) is a small valley on the western border of the Cantabrian Mountains in the northwest of Spain which is close to beaches and is divided by two autonomous communities: Asturias and Galicia. It consists of an area of 90 km2 3910 inhabitants and is 200 m above sea level. The two main towns are Puente Nuevo (Galicia) and Taramundi (Asturias).
 Hornád (Slovak) or Hernád (Hungarian) is a river in eastern Slovakia and north-eastern Hungary. It is a tributary to the river Sajó which is itself a tributary to the river Tisza. The source of the Hornád is in the Low Tatra mountains under the Kráľova hoľa hill southwest of Poprad. It flows through the Slovak regions Spiš and Abov and the Hungarian county Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén. It is 286 km long 193 km located on territory of Slovakia.
 Pupin is a tiny lunar impact crater located in the eastern part of the Mare Imbrium. It lies to the southeast of the crater Timocharis and was identified as Timocharis K prior to being renamed by the IAU. The mare near Pupin is otherwise devoid of significant impact craters and is nearly featureless except for a faint dusting of ray material.Despite its apparent diminutive size Pupin is actually larger than the famous Barringer crater in Flagstaff Arizona.
 The Marquis River is a river of Saint Lucia.
 The Águeda is a river tributary of the Douro River that springs from the Serra das Mesas in Spain in the autonomous community of Castile and León. It flows 130 kilometers until it reaches the Douro River near Barca de Alva Portugal. The Águeda makes a natural border between Portugal and Spain for much of its path.
 The Măcislău River is a tributary of the Vaser River in Romania.
 The San Pedro y San Pablo River is a river of Mexico.
 The River Pool is a tributary of the River Ravensbourne. It is 5.1 km (3 miles) in length and rises (with its tributaries) between Shirley and West Wickham in the London Borough of Croydon. It then flows northwards through Beckenham (London Borough of Bromley) and Sydenham in the London Borough of Lewisham to join the Ravensbourne in Catford. Two of its tributaries are the River Beck and the Chaffinch Brook. For much of its length the river lies in a floodplain.
 Piz Ner is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located north of Trun in the canton of Graubünden. It lies in the group south of Piz Urlaun.
 Mount Oiz (1026.40 m.) is one of the most popular summits of Biscay in the Basque Country (Spain). Its summits form part of a long range that feeds several rivers: Ibaizabal Artibai Lea Oka and Deva in Gipuzkoa all of them running to the Bay of Biscay.
 Rake Brook Reservoir is a reservoir fed by two streams including the eponymous Rake Brook a tributary of the River Roddlesworth in Lancashire.The reservoir is adjacent to the two Roddlesworth Reservoirs.
 Traful Lake is a lake in the Argentine province of Neuquén with an area of 70 km². The lake is the starting point of the Traful River that empties into the Nahuel Huapi Lake.This lake is famous for its viewpoint on a 102 meters high glaciar cliff that offers a complete view of the lake and the entire valley. At the lake's shore lies the mountain town of Villa Traful the main inhabited place in the lake area.
 The Pârâul Negru is a tributary of the Uilocul Mare River in Romania.
 Lake Bemidji is a small glacially-formed lake approximately 11 mi² (28 km²) in area in northern Minnesota in the United States. Located less than 50 mi (80 km) downstream from the source of the Mississippi River it both receives and is drained by the Mississippi.
 The Schüsselkarspitze is a peak in the eastern Wetterstein Mountains. It is one of the best-known climbing peaks in the Northern Limestone Alps. It has a multitude of challenging climbing routes especially through the mighty slabs (Plattenfluchten) of the south face. In the vicinity of the summit is a permanent bothy where climbers may take refuge in emergencies.The Schüsselkarspitze was first climbed in 1894 by Heinrich Moser and Oscar Schuster who assailed its north flank.
 The Zăpodea cu Podul River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania
 Lac de l'Entonnoir or Lac de Bouverans is a lake at Bouverans in the Doubs department of France.
 Col Saint Martin (el. 1500 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Alpes-Maritimes in France.It is traversed by the D 2205 highway.
 The Itapirapuã River is a river on the boundary between the Paraná and São Paulo states in southeastern Brazil.
 Svorksjøen is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Melhus Meldal and Orkdal in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake lies about 6 kilometres (3.7 mi) east of the village of Svorkmo in Orkdal.The water flows out of the lake into the river Svorka which in turn flows into the Orkla River.
 The Dinaric Alps or Dinarides form a mountain chain in Southern Europe spanning areas of Slovenia Croatia Bosnia and Herzegovina Montenegro Serbia Kosovo Albania and Macedonia.They extend for 645 kilometres (401 mi) along the coast of the Adriatic Sea (northwest-southeast) from the Julian Alps in the northwest down to the Šar-Korab massif where the mountain direction changes to north-south.
 The Derryveagh Mountains (Irish: Cnoic Dhoire Bheatha) are the major mountain range in County Donegal Ireland. It makes up much of the landmass of the county and is the area of Ireland with the lowest population density. The mountains separate the coastal parts of the county such as Gweedore and Glenties from the major inland towns such as Ballybofey and Letterkenny.
 Albula Pass (Romansh: Pass d'Alvra or Pass da l'Alvra German: Albulapass) (el. 2315 m) is a Swiss mountain pass in the canton of Graubünden. It lies in the Albula Range of the Alps. The road from Thusis through Bergün leads by the Valtellina of the upper reaches of the River Adda over the pass to La Punt in the Inn Valley (Engadin).In past centuries it was a key alpine pass between Lombardy and Austria.
 Rotpalfen is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Cunhãmati River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 El Vado Lake is a reservoir located in Rio Arriba County in northern New Mexico in the southwestern United States. Water is impounded by the earth-filled El Vado Dam on the Rio Chama 642 feet (196 m) long and 175 feet (53 m) high completed in 1935. The 3200-acre (13 km2) lake is 5 miles (8.0 km) long and over 1 mile (1.6 km) wide and lies at an elevation of 6900 feet (2100 m).
 The Cannobino is a little river or stream located in the province of Verbano Cusio Ossola in the region of Piedmont in the north of Italy which by the local population often is simply called 'Il Fiume' (the river).
 The Covasna River is a tributary of the Bahlui River in eastern Romania.
 Hat Mountain is a mountain located in the Warner Mountains south of Eagle Peak in California. The peak which rises to an elevation of 8741 feet (2664 m) is the highest point in Lassen County. Lost Lake is located to the northwest of the summit.Most of the precipitation that falls on Hat Mountain is snow due to the high elevation.
 The Cabaçal River (Portuguese Rio Cabaçal) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paraguay River.
 The River Kwai more correctly Khwae Noi (Thai: แควน้อย IPA: [kʰwɛː nɔ́ːj] small tributary) or Khwae Sai Yok (Thai: แควไทรโยค [kʰwɛː saj jôːk]) is a river in western Thailand. It rises to the east of the Salween in the north-south spine of the Bilauktaung range near but not over the border with Burma. It begins at the confluence of Ranti Songkalia and Bikhli Rivers.
 The Dâlboca River is a tributary of the Danube in Romania.
 The Senegal River (French: Fleuve Sénégal) is a 1790 km (1110 mi) long river in West Africa that forms the border between Senegal and Mauritania.
 Radočelo (Serbian Cyrillic: Радочело) is a mountain in central Serbia between towns of Ivanjica and Raška. Its highest peak Krivača has an elevation of 1643 meters above sea level.Studenica monastery is located on northeastern slopes of the mountain.
 Viitna Pikkjärv (also known as Lake Viitna and Suurjärv) is a 16.1 ha (40 acres) lake in northern Estonia. It's located in Viitna village Kadrina Parish Lääne-Viru County. The average depth is 3 m (9.8 ft) and max. depth 6.2 m (20 ft).Smaller lake Viitna Linajärv is located about 1.5 km northeast.
 The Kokra (pronounced [ˈkoːkɾa]) is a river of Slovenia. Originating in the Karawanks the river is 34 km (21 mi) long.
 Mount Hight is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Carter-Moriah Range of the White Mountains which runs along the eastern-northeastern side of Pinkham Notch. Mount Hight is flanked on the north by South Carter Mountain across Zeta Pass and on the southwest by Carter Dome.
 Stoppani Glacier is a valley glacier located in Alberto de Agostini National Park Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego. The glacier spills out from the backbone of the Cordillera Darwin and ends about 12 km (7.5 mi) from Yendegaia Bay giving origin to Yendegaia River.
 The Sucuriú River (Portuguese Rio Sucuriú) is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paraná River which it joins just upriver of Eng Souza Dias (Jupiá) Dam.
 Lake Brunner is the largest lake in the northwestern South Island of New Zealand covering an area of 40 km². The lake's outflow is the Arnold River a tributary of the Grey River. The lake lies 31 kilometres to the southeast of Greymouth.
 The Río Grande de Arecibo (Arecibo River) is a river of Puerto Rico. The headwaters lie in the mountains to the south of Adjuntas. From there it flows north until it reaches the Atlantic Ocean near Arecibo. The tributaries lie along the side of the Cerro de Punta and the Utuado pluton. It flows through the northern passing along a gorge that is 200 m deep and 800–1200 m wide.
 The Clepeniac River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania.
 Lake Buchanan was formed by the construction of Buchanan Dam by the Lower Colorado River Authority to provide a water supply for the region and to provide hydroelectric power. Buchanan Dam a structure over 2 mi (3.2 km) in length was completed in 1939. Lake Buchanan was the first of the Texas Highland Lakes to be formed and with 22333 acres (34.9 sq mi; 90.4 km2) of surface water it is also the largest. The surface of the lake includes area in both Burnet County and Llano County.
 Gilten is a lake in the municipality of Steinkjer (with a small part crossing into neighboring Namdalseid) in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The lake lies in the northern part of Steinkjer in the Kvam area. The lake lies about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) north of the village of Følling (and the European route E6 highway) and about 14 kilometres (8.7 mi) east of the village of Namdalseid.
 Waikanae River is located on the Kapiti Coast in the North Island of New Zealand.The river drains the western flanks of the Tararua Ranges around Reikorangi and the Akatarawa Valley then passes to the south of the town of Waikanae before entering the Tasman Sea at Waikanae Beach. Tributaries include the Maungakotukutuku Stream Ngatiawa River and Reikorangi Stream. The estuary of the river is a significant reserve providing shelter and habitat for local and migratory seabirds.
 The Râul Jghiabului is a tributary of the Crivadia River in Romania.
 Lake Pieman is a lake created by the damming of the Pieman River West Coast Tasmania.It is a long narrow lake following the line of the Pieman River from Reece Dam back to Rosebery and the Bastyan Dam
 Porter is a large-scale impact crater in the Thaumasia quadrangle on the planet Mars situated in Aonia Terra at 50.8° south and 113.9º west. The impact caused a bowl 105 kilometres (65 mi) across. The name was chosen in 1973 by the International Astronomical Union in honour of the US astronomer and explorer Russell W. Porter (1871-1949).
 Harker Creek is a stream located in Iowa County Wisconsin USA. The upper end of the creek is approximately 10 km (6.2 mi) west-northwest of the county seat Dodgeville. The creek flows roughly north-south and is approximately 7.5 km (4.7 mi) in total length. It drains into Flint Creek at its northern end at 248 m (814 ft) above sea level. The lower portion of the creek is paralleled by Mount Hope Road and Berg Road. Lee Creek drains into Harker Creek at 255 m (838 ft) elevation.
 The Qin Mountains (simplified Chinese: 秦岭; traditional Chinese: 秦嶺; pinyin: Qín Lǐng; Wade–Giles: Ch'in2 Ling3) are a major east-west mountain range in southern Shaanxi province China. The mountains provide a natural boundary between the North and South of the country and support a huge variety of plant and wildlife some of which is found nowhere else on Earth.To the north is the densely populated Wei River valley an ancient center of Chinese civilization.
 The West Branch Mattawamkeag River is a 52.6-mile-long (84.7 km) tributary of the Mattawamkeag River in Maine.
 The Predigtstuhl is a 2116 m high mountain in the Wilder Kaiser range in the Northern Limestone Alps in Austria east of Kufstein in the Tyrol.The mountain is one of the well-known climbing mountains in the Northern Limestone Alps. Among its most famous climbing routes are the Angermann Gully (Angermannrinne) (normal route at UIAA grade III via the Predigtstuhl wind gap) the striking North Rim (Nordkante) and the Botzong Chimney (Botzong-Kamin).
 Wamanrasu (Quechua waman falcon or variable hawk Ancash Quechua rasu snow ice mountain with snow hispanicized spellings Huamanrazo Huamanrazu) is a mountain in the Chunta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5304 metres (17402 ft) high. It is located in the Huancavelica Region Castrovirreyna Province Santa Ana District and in the Huancavelica Province Huancavelica District.
 The Santa Cruz River (Santa Catarina) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Dátkojávri is a lake in the municipality of Kautokeino-Guovdageaidnu in Finnmark county Norway. The 4.22-square-kilometre (1.63 sq mi) lake lies on the Finnmarksvidda plateau about 30 kilometres (19 mi) north of the village of Kautokeino.
 Parícutin (or Volcán de Parícutin also accented Paricutín) is a cinder cone volcano in the Mexican state of Michoacán close to a lava-covered village of the same name. The volcano is unique in the fact that its evolution from creation to extinction was witnessed observed and studied. It appears on many versions of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World. Parícutin is part of the Michoacán–Guanajuato volcanic field which covers much of west central Mexico. It is part of the Ring of Fire.
 The Spanish River is a river of Jamaica. It flows from north to south the height of its delta is 0-40m. The Spring Garden near the Spanish River was one of the earliest sugar plantations in Jamaica.
 The River Haddeo on Exmoor in Somerset England flows from the Wimbleball Lake to the River Exe.The valley of the river consists of three tributary valleys extending down from the surrounding farmland to merge with the River Haddeo in the south.
 Dog Bone Lake is a dog bone-shaped topographic flat with two larger ends connected by a narrow body which are 2 of the 3 eponymic features of their namesake the Three Lakes Valley.[citation needed]
 Qiwllaqucha (Quechua qillwa qiwlla qiwiña gull qucha lake gull lake hispanicized spelling Quiulacocha Quiullacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Yauyos Province Tomas District. It is situated at a height of about 4353 metres (14281 ft) about 1.14 km long and 0.34 km at its widest point. Qiwllaqucha lies in the north of the district south of the lakes Qarwaqucha and Wichqaqucha and north west of the lakes Pachas and Kunturmach'ay.
 The Nandu River (Chinese: 南渡江) is the longest river in Hainan Province China. Its tributary is the Xinwu River. The river discharges into the Nandu River estuary in Haikou city and then into Qiongzhou Strait.
 Porcupine Lake is a lake in the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Karatoya River (also spelt Korotoa) (Bengali: করতোয়া নদী) a small stream in Rajshahi Division of Bangladesh was once a large and sacred river. A channel of it presently flows by the ancient ruins of Mahasthangarh (or Pundranagara ancient capital of Pundravardhana) in Bogra District. The Karatoya mahatmya bears testimony to its past greatness.
 Morgan Creek is a 4.1-mile-long (6.6 km) stream in Mono and Inyo counties of eastern California in the western United States.It flows from the high eastern Sierra Nevada in the Inyo National Forest through Round Valley to its confluence with Pine Creek near the Owens River northeast of Bishop in the Owens Valley.
 Valehouse (or Vale House) Reservoir is a man-made lake in Longdendale in north Derbyshire. It was built between 1865 and 1869 as part of the Longdendale chain which was built to supply water from the River Etherow to the urban areas of Greater Manchester while maintaining a constant flow into the river. The upper reservoirs supply the drinking water while Vale House and Bottoms are compensation reservoirs which guarantee the flow of water to water-powered mills downstream.
 The Western Branch Elizabeth River is a 7.0-mile-long (11.3 km) tidal river located in the city of Portsmouth Virginia in the United States. It is a tributary of the Elizabeth River part of the harbor of Hampton Roads in southeastern Virginia.
 Barnard River a perennial river of the Manning River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands and Mid North Coast districts of New South Wales Australia.
 The Glodu River is a tributary of the Secu-Vaduri River in Romania.
 The Ercea River and Lefaia River is a tributary of the Şar River in Romania.
 Cerro Toco is a stratovolcano located in the eastern part of the Atacama desert in Chile's II Region (Antofagasta) approximately 6 km (4 mi) south of the border between Bolivia and Chile and 12 km (7 mi) SE of the Juriques and Licancabur volcanoes. It conforms the north eastern extreme of the Purico Complex a pyroclastic shield made up by several stratovolcanoes lava domes and a maar.Cerro Toco is located in the Chajnantor Scientific Reserve as is most of the Purico Complex.
 Kimball Creek is an 8.9-mile-long (14.3 km) stream in northeastern Minnesota the United States. It is a tributary of Lake Superior.
 Lake Pohenegamook (Lac Pohénégamook) is a Canadian lake located in southeastern Quebec immediately north of the International Boundary with Maine (at Aroostook County).Oriented north-south the lake is nestled in a valley in the Notre Dame Mountains part of the Appalachian Range. Route 289 runs along the southern and western shores through the municipality of Pohénégamook - an amalgamation of several villages.
 Musala (Bulgarian: Мусала; from Arabic through Ottoman Turkish: near God or place for prayer) is the highest peak in the entire Balkan Peninsula standing at 2925 m (9596 ft).
 The Swift River (Minnesota) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Ciungiu River is a tributary of the Suciu River in Romania.
 Pauhunri is a mountain in the Eastern Himalayas. It is located on the border of Sikkim India and Tibet China and is situated about 75 km northeast of Kangchenjunga.Pauhunri has an elevation of 7128 metres (23386 ft) and was first climbed in 1911 by Scottish mountaineer Alexander Mitchell Kellas along with two Sherpas known only as Sony and Tuny’s brother.
 The $18.5 million Cedar Grove Weir is part of the Logan River system that also includes the Wyaralong Dam on Teviot Brook and the $39.5 million Bromelton Offstream Storage facility.
 Loch Achall (Gaelic: Loch Ach a' Challa - loch of the hazel field) is a freshwater loch lying 2 miles northeast of Ullapool in Rhidorroch Ross and Cromarty Scotland.
 Penny Lake is a lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Smoky Mountains in Sawtooth National Forest. The lake is located along Warm Springs Creek along forest road 227 just north of Dollar Lake and east of the town of Ketchum.
 Danjon is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies less than a crater diameter to the east-southeast of the larger crater Langemak. To the east-northeast of Danjon is the crater Perepelkin and due south lies the walled plain Fermi.The northeastern rim of Danjon is overlain by the smaller crater D'Arsonval. Danjon overlies the southeastern corner of the slightly smaller satellite crater Danjon X.
 Slippery Rock Creek is a small stream in Western Pennsylvania a tributary of Connoquenessing Creek. From its source in Hilliards in Butler County it flows through McConnells Mill State Park before flowing into the Connoquenessing in Ellwood City. Then the Connoquenessing flows into the Beaver River just three miles south from the mouth of Slippery Rock. Slippery Rock Creek is a favorite for whitewater kayakers and canoeists from Pittsburgh and Ohio.
 Hospital Creek originally Arroyo de Ospital or Arroyo del Osnital Hospital Creek is a tributary of the San Joaquin River draining eastern slopes of part of the Diablo Range within San Joaquin County. It has its source on the southeast flank of Mount Oso in Stanislaus County.
 The Hennops River is a small river in Gauteng Province South Africa that passes through Centurion. It is part of the Crocodile River basin.The Rietvlei River is a right hand tributary of the Hennops River which again is a tributary of the Crocodile River (Limpopo).
 Vygonoschanskoye Lake (Belarusian: Выганашчанскае) is located in the Ivatsevichy Raion Brest Voblast of Belarus. It is the sixth largest lake in Belarus. Its area is 26 km2 (10 sq mi). Its maximum depth is 2.3 m (8 ft) and its average depth is 1.2 m (4 ft).
 Aa is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. It is 7.4 km long and is a left tributary of the Möhne in Brilon. The river has a watershed of 23.071 square kilometres.The source of Aa in the village of Altenbüren. From here it flows in an easterly direction. At 473 metres its course meanders to the north. Nearby the Hillbringse flows in from the south. Half a kilometer farther are five former mills in Aatal called Aamühlen. The Fülsenbecke flows in near here from the north.
 Lake Stanley Draper is a reservoir in southeast Oklahoma City United States. The lake formed in 1963. It has a surface area of 2459 acres (995 ha).
 The Rockaway River is a tributary of the Passaic River approximately 35 mi (56 km) long in northern New Jersey in the United States. The upper course of the river flows through a wooded mountainous valley whereas the lower course flows through the populated New Jersey suburbs and former industrial area west of New York City.
 Lygnern is a lake in the municipalities of Kungsbacka and Mark western Sweden. With an area of 33 km² it is the largest lake in Halland County. Its main outflow is Rolfsån which in turn empties out into the Kungsbacka Fjord.The lake serves as a source of drinking water for Kungsbacka. In 2006 it was nominated as the cleanest lake in Sweden as 98% of the surveyed residents of the municipality were satisfied with the water quality.
 Dickopsbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Sex Rouge is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of Anzère in the canton of Valais. It belongs to the massif of the Wildhorn massif and it overlooks the Lac des Audannes.
 Grotto Mountain is a mountain located in the Bow River valley across from Canmore Alberta Canada. It is a popular hiking spot among locals and is home to the Rat's Nest Cave. There are two main scrambling routes: Northwest Variation - from the ACC clubhouse ascends the northwest side of the mountain on a good hiking trail. At tree line the trail narrows to the false summit. From there it is a gradual ascent to the summit with brief stints of scrambling but mostly hiking. Direct route.
 Burrow is a hill in Shropshire with an Iron Age hill fort at the summit known as Burrow Camp. The nearest villages are Hopesay and Aston-on-Clun. It includes a large number of hut platforms and two natural springs.
 Mount Regina is a mountain standing 16 km (10 mi) WNW of Mount LeResche in the southern part of the Everett Range. Mapped by USGS from surveys and U.S. Navy photography 1960–63.Named by US-ACAN for Thomas J. Regina Photographer's Mate US Navy on C-130 aircraft flights in the 1968–69 season. He was a member of the McMurdo Station winter party in 1963.
 Cheongwansan (천관산) is a mountain of Jeollanam-do western South Korea. It has an elevation of 723 metres.
 The Wat Ta Yom River (Thai: แคววัดตายม) is a tributary of the Nan River in Thailand.
 The Telec River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Mereni River is a tributary of the Măgura River in Romania.
 South Manistique Lake is a 4001-acre (1619 ha) lake in Mackinac County in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. Approximately 4.5 miles (7.2 km) miles long and 2 miles (3.2 km) miles wide it is oriented in a southwest-northeast direction.
 Kuuhankavesi is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It is located in Hankasalmi Central Finland region. It belongs to the Kymijoki main catchment area.
 Simeon Peak (Vrah Simeon \'vr&h si-me-'on\) rises to 1576 m in Friesland Ridge Tangra Mountains Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. The peak is linked to St. Boris Peak to the northeast by Paril Saddle and surmounts Huntress Glacier to the northwest Ruen Icefall to the southwest and Macy Glacier to the east.The peak is named after Czar Simeon the Great of Bulgaria 893-927 AD.
 The Frăsina River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
 Lake Shira is a meromictic lake located 12 kilometers (7.5 mi) from the selo of Shira in the Republic of Khakassia Russia.
 Monte Orsiera is a mountain in the Cottian Alps belonging to the Province of Turin (Italy).
 The Valea Verde River is a tributary of the Strei river in Romania.
 Risnjak is a mountain in the Risnjak National Park in Gorski Kotar Croatia. It belongs to the Dinaric Alps mountain range. The name of the massif probably comes from ris the Croatian word for lynx. Another interpretation suggests that it comes from the local word risje which is a name for a type of grass. The vegetation is very diverse.
 Wilson Lake is a 308 acres (0.5 sq mi) waterbody located in York County Maine in the United States. The lake is spring-fed and drains to Horn Pond which flows into the Salmon Falls River and eventually empties into the tidal waters of the Piscataqua River in Portsmouth NH Great Bay and the Gulf of Maine.Wilson Lake is classified as good under the Maine Department of Environmental Protection water quality parameters. The Wilson Lake watershed covers 2479 acres (3.9 sq mi).
 The Ouham River is a river in Central Africa and one of the main headwaters of the Chari River. The Ouham originates in the Central African Republic between the prefecture Nana-Mambéré and the prefecture Ouham-Pendé crossing into Chad where it joins the Chari about 25 km north Sarh. Tributaries are Baba Fafa Nana Bakassa Nana Barya.
 The Dourados River (Minas Gerais) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Indre Sula is a mountain in the municipality of Surnadal in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is part of the Trollheimen mountain range and it lies just north of Todalsøra and the Todalsfjorden.Indre Sula meaning Inner Sula lies next to Ytre Sula meaning Outer Sula. The route from Indre Sula to Ytre Sula is scrambling.
 The Nyl River (Afrikaans: Nylrivier) is a watercourse in Limpopo Province South Africa. It flows at the head of the Mogalakwena River being its southernmost tributary or uppermost section. It is located near Mookgophong (Naboomspruit) in the northern part of the Springbok Flats a particular geological formation.The name of the Nyl River originated in the word for Nile.
 The Hoher Ifen (also Hochifen) is a 2230 metre (according to German survey: 2229 m) high mountain in the Allgäu Alps west of the Kleinwalsertal valley. In winter it forms the backdrop for a small ski area. It lies on the border between Germany and Austria.
 The Minnesota River is a tributary of the Mississippi River approximately 332 miles (534 km) long in the U.S. state of Minnesota. It drains a watershed of nearly 17000 square miles (44000 km2) 14751 square miles (38200 km2) in Minnesota and about 2000 sq mi (5200 km2) in South Dakota and Iowa.It rises in southwestern Minnesota in Big Stone Lake on the Minnesota–South Dakota border just south of the Laurentian Divide at the Traverse Gap portage.
 The Sudetes /suːˈdiːtiːz/ is the scientific name of a mountain range in Central Europe also known in English – from their local designation in respectively German and Czech/Polish – as the Sudeten or Sudety mountains.The range stretches from eastern Germany along the northern border of the Czech Republic to south-western Poland.
 Česma is a river in central Croatia the left tributary of the river Lonja-Trebež. It is 124 km (77 mi) long and its catchment area is 2608 km2 (1007 sq mi).Created by merging streams Grđevica and Barna at 45°43′32″N 17°03′01″E near the village of Pavlovac in the municipality of Veliki Grđevac.Česma basin is fan-shaped and formed by a number of streams rising on the slopes of Bilogora and Moslavačka gora hills.
 Diestelbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Marchington Lake is a lake in the Hudson Bay drainage basin located near Sioux Lookout in the Kenora District of northwestern Ontario Canada.
 The Ficuri River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 Vrontous (Greek: Βροντούς Bulgarian: Шарлия - Sharliya) is a mountain range in the northeastern Serres and the westernmost Drama regional units in Greece. Its highest peak is the Ali Babas (Greek: Αλή Μπαμπάς) at 1849 m elevation. Other notable peaks are the Kour Lof (1667 m southwest of Ali Babas) Mavro vouno (1653 m northeast) Siderovouni (1475 m east) and Sarligia (1404 m southwest). It is a densely forested and sparsely populated mountain range.
 The Hogsmill River in Surrey is one of the tributaries of the River Thames; it rises in Ewell and flows into the Thames at Kingston upon Thames on the reach above Kingston road bridge. The river is 6 miles (9.9 km) in length and has a catchment area (water basin) of 73 km². The main river flows through much low-lying land the majority of which is given over to sports grounds and green space with the exception of Kingston town centre.
 Chestnut Creek is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 This article is for the mountain in British Columbia Canada. For the ski resort in Utah see Powder Mountain.Powder Mountain 2347 m (7700 ft) is a volcanic summit in the Powder Mountain Icefield in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia Canada.Much of the volcanic history of Powder Mountain remains hidden apart from a few scraps of volcanic rock extending from under its current ice cap.
 The Wurzelbrink is a hill south of Lübbecke which at 318 m above NN is the second highest peak in the Wiehen Hills in north Germany. Immediately to the south is the no less majestic Kniebrink (315 m). There is an old and rather small watchtower the Wartturm on top of the Wurzelbrink which was built in 1857 whose outstanding views of the local area are partly obscured by the trees that have now grown up around it.
 Dinedor Hill is situated 2.5 miles south of Hereford. It is the site of Dinedor Camp an Iron Age hillfort.
 Pen Pumlumon Llygad-bychan is a subsidiary summit of Pen Pumlumon Fawr and the third highest point on the Plynlimon massif a part of the Cambrian Mountains in the county of Ceredigion Wales.The summit is boggy and is marked by a few stones. The views include Rhos Fawr Drygarn Fawr Pen y Garn to the south and Aran Fawddwy Glasgwm Tarrenhendre and Tarren y Gesail to the north.The River Wye has its source just south of the summit. The glacial lake of Llyn Llygad Rheidiol lies to the north.
 Lagunitas Creek is a 20 miles (32 km) long northward-flowing stream in Marin County California. It is critically important as it supports the largest spawning runs of endangered coho salmon (Oncorhynchus kistuch) in the Central California Coast Coho salmon Evolutionary Significant Unit (CCC ESU). The stream's headwaters begin on the northern slopes of Mt. Tamalpais in the Coast Range and terminate in southeast Tomales Bay 1.5 miles (2.4 km) northwest of Point Reyes Station California.
 The Smith River (Tolowa: xaa-wvn’-taa-ghii~-li~’ nii~-li~’ ) is a river on the Pacific coast of extreme northwestern California in the United States. The approximately 25.1 miles (40.4 km) long course is located in Del Norte County and flows through the Rogue River-Siskiyou National Forest Six Rivers National Forest and Jedediah Smith Redwoods State Park.
 The Hindicu River is a tributary of the Gologanu River in Romania.
 San Leandro Creek formerly Arroyo de San Leandro is a 21.7-mile-long (34.9 km) year-round natural stream in Northern California. It flows along the east side of the range which comprises the Oakland Hills and the San Leandro Hills. In the hills it runs into Upper San Leandro Reservoir and then Lake Chabot both man-made lakes lying north of the unincorporated town of Castro Valley California.
 The Apele Albe River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Timpa Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 479 along Timpa Creek Creek.Timpa Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. It is downstream of Chickadee Lake Surprise Lake Confusion Lake and Low Pass Lake.
 Fjergen is a lake in the municipality of Meråker in Nord-Trøndelag county Norway. The 14.41-square-kilometre (5.56 sq mi) lake has a hydropower dam on the southern end which flows out into the Kåpperåa river which is part of the Stjørdalselva river system.The lake is located about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the village of Kopperå and about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) northeast of the municipal center of Midtbygda.
 Dammträsk (Swedish for Pond Swamp) is a small man made lake within the Tyresån Lake System located in Haninge Municipality south of central Stockholm Sweden.The lake receives water from Övre and Nedre Rudasjön south of the lake and empties into Drevviken north of it. Located just south of the residential area Kvarntorp and north of the densely populated central Haninge the wetland lake receives considerable amount of nutritive salts.
 The Firth of Thames is a large bay located in the north of the North Island of New Zealand. It is the firth of the rivers Waihou and Piako the former of which was formerly named the Thames River and the town of Thames lies on its southeastern coast.Its original name is Tikapa.The firth lies at the southern end of the Hauraki Gulf southeast of the city of Auckland.
 The Stör is a river in Schleswig-Holstein Germany right tributary of the Elbe. Its total length is 87 km. The Stör rises east of Neumünster and flows west through Neumünster Kellinghusen and Itzehoe. The Stör joins the Elbe near Glückstadt.
 Lenore Lake is a partly saline lake in the province of Saskatchewan Canada. It is part of the Lenore Lake Basin which includes several saline lakes (Basin Middle Frog Ranch Murphy Flat Mantrap Houghton Deadmoose and Waldsea) as well as the freshwater St. Brieux Lake and Burton Lake. The basin has no natural outlet. Lenore Lake was designated a migratory bird sanctuary in 1925 and sustains a habitat for walleye whitefish perch and northern pike.
 Nearch is a lunar impact crater that is located in the southeastern part of the Moon to the southeast of the crater Hommel. North of Nearch is Vlacq and to the northeast lies Rosenberger. The crater is 76 kilometers in diameter and 2.9 kilometers deep. It is from the Pre-Nectarian period 4.55 to 3.92 billion years ago.The outer rim of Nearch has been worn by smaller impacts and is overlain by a few more significant craters along the eastern rim.
 Pen Twyn Mawr is a top of Pen y Gadair Fawr in the Black Mountains in south-eastern Wales. It lies on one of the many south ridges of Waun Fach.The summit is marked by a pile of stones in an area of sandy soil and heather. Pen y Gadair Fawr is to the north Chwarel y Fan to the east and Pen Allt-mawr to the west.
 The Middle Meherrin River is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 Lake Vyalozero (Russian: Вялозеро) is a large freshwater lake on the Kola Peninsula Murmansk Oblast Russia. It has an area of 98.6 km². Vyala River (left tributary of the Umba) flows from the lake.
 Province Lake is a 967-acre (391 ha) water body located on the border between New Hampshire and Maine in the United States. Approximately 950 acres (380 ha) of the lake lie in the towns of Effingham and Wakefield New Hampshire with the remainder in Parsonsfield Maine.
 Big Peak at 10047 feet (3062 m) above sea level a peak in the Smoky Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest in Camas County about 1.5 miles (2.4 km) west of Baker Peak.
 Bietnitz is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Brewer Peak (71°34′S 168°28′E) is a peak 2110 metres (6920 ft) high along the west wall of Pitkevitch Glacier near the glacier's head in the Admiralty Mountains a major mountain range of Victoria Land Antarctica. The topographical feature was first mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos 1960–63 and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Thomas J. Brewer U.S.
 Moel yr Henfaes also listed by the Nuttall's as Pen Bwlch Llandrillo Top and sometimes known as Moel yr Henfaes is a mountain in North Wales and forms part of the Berwyn range. To the south is the higher Berwyn summits including Cadair Berwyn. To the north lies Moel Fferna. The summit crowns an area of deep heather moorland and is located on a small rocky outcrop marked by a pile of stones.
 Aubach (Elsava) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Williams River is a perennial stream that is a tributary of the Hunter River in the Hunter Region of New South Wales Australia.
 The South Pennine Ring is an English canal ring which crosses the Pennines between Manchester and Huddersfield. It covers parts of five canals and includes passage through the longest canal tunnel in Britain. It has only been possible to cruise it since 2002 when restoration of the Huddersfield Narrow Canal provided the return route across the Pennines.
 Rosthwaite Fell is a fell in the English Lake District. It is situated some 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) due south of Keswick and 2 kilometres (1.2 mi) south of the village of Rosthwaite in Borrowdale.Rosthwaite Fell also has loose connections to the Scafell group of fells. The fells name derives from the Old Norse language and means “The peak above the clearing with a heap of stones” with “hreysi” meaning a heap of stones and “thveit” meaning a clearing.
 Halle (Heve) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Balch Cave (grid reference ST65734753) is a cave in Fairy Cave Quarry near Stoke St Michael in the limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England. The cave is part of the complex of passages feeding to St. Dunstan's Well Catchment Site of Special Scientific Interest and an abandoned Bristol Water abstraction point. It is named in honour of Herbert E. Balch who was famous for his exploration of the Caves of the Mendip Hills.The cave was broken into by quarry blasting in November 1961.
 Fourmile Lake (or Four Mile Lake) is a reservoir located 5748 feet (1752 m) above sea level in Klamath County Oregon United States. It is 45 miles (72 km) northeast of Medford.The lake was created when the 25-foot (7.6 m) tall Fourmile Lake Dam was constructed impounding Fourmile Creek in the Klamath River watershed. It is located just to the east of Mount McLoughlin which stands 9495 feet (2894 m) above sea level.
 Signalen is a mountain of Akershus in southeastern Norway.
 Nambyeongsan is a mountain in the county of Pyeongchang Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1149.7 m (3772 ft).
 The Pârâul Purcăreței is a tributary of the Valea Hotarului River in Romania.
 The Tuxeck (or Tuxegg) is a 2226 m AA high mountain in the Kaisergebirge range in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It lies south of the Treffauer and is also called the Ellmauer Hochkaiser.
 The Erenik (Albanian: Erenik; Serbian Cyrillic: Ереник also called Ribnik) is a river in Kosovo. Located in the western Kosovo it's a 51 km (32 mi)-long right tributary to the White Drin river.The Erenik originates near the Albanian border in the northern slopes of the Junik mountain a part of the Prokletije massif under the Đeravica peak (2656 m or 8714 ft) the highest in Kosovo. Its origin is the Đeravica Lake just under Đeravica peak.
 Maepongsan is a mountain of North Korea. It has an elevation of 197 metres
 The Huebra is a river in Spain that flows from Escurial de la Sierra (in Salamanca province) to the river Duero.
 Ossipee Lake is located in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire in the communities of Ossipee and Freedom. At 3245 acres it is the sixth-largest lake located entirely in New Hampshire. The lake is fed by the West Branch (entering from the north) the Bearcamp and Lovell rivers (entering from the west) and the Pine River (from the south). Water leaves the eastern end of the lake via the Ossipee River flowing into the Saco River in Maine.Ossipee Lake is a popular vacation site.
 Mount Benarat (Malay: Gunung Benarat) is a mountain located in Gunung Mulu National Park in Sarawak Malaysia. Consisting of limestone on the western side which is overlain by gritstone on the eastern side. It contains many caves which have been discovered and explored by British and American cavers. The Benarat 2005 Caving Expedition discovered Moon Cave after climbing 60 m up the cliffs on the southern end of the mountain.
 The Crivăț River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
 The Cărpeniș River is a tributary of the Ialomicioara River in Romania.
 Hahnenbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Great Salt Plains Lake is a reservoir located within the Salt Plains National Wildlife Refuge in Alfalfa County Oklahoma in the United States named because of the salt flats in the area and for the Salt Fork Arkansas River which is dammed to form the lake. It is notable for the variety of birds that are attracted to Ralstin Island (not open to the public) and also for the selenite crystals that can be collected along the shoreline.
 Newfarm Loch was situated in a low lying area between the farms of Holehouse and Newfarm in the Parish of Kilmarnock New Farm Loch East Ayrshire. The loch was mostly artificial having been developed as a curling pond fed by the Hillhouse Burn through seasonal flooding. The loch was drained via Holehouse Farm Burn.
 Sørhellhøin is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Do Salto River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Timiș or Tamiš (Romanian: Timiș; Serbian: Тамиш or Tamiš; German: Temesch; Hungarian: Temes) is a 339 km (211 mi) long river originating from Țarcu Mountains (2190 m (7190 ft)) southern Carpathian Mountains Caraș-Severin County Romania. It flows through the Banat region and flows into the Danube near Pančevo in northern Serbia.
 Butter Creek is a 57-mile (92 km) long creek in the U.S. state of Oregon. The source of the creek is at an elevation of 5034 feet (1534 m) in Umatilla National Forest while the mouth is at an elevation of 535 feet (163 m) upstream of Hermiston Oregon. Butter Creek has a 465-square-mile (1200 km2) watershed and is a tributary of the Umatilla River.
 Mount Batur (Gunung Batur) is an active volcano located at the center of two concentric calderas north west of Mount Agung Bali Indonesia. The south east side of the larger 10×13 km caldera contains a caldera lake.
 Lake Connewarre is a shallow estuarine lake located on the Barwon River on the Bellarine Peninsula near Geelong Victoria. It is adjacent to and downstream from the freshwater Reedy Lake.
 Gauchach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Bangweulu — 'where the water sky meets the sky' — is one of the world's great wetland systems comprising Lake Bangweulu the Bangweulu Swamps and the Bangweulu Flats or floodplain. Situated in the upper Congo River basin in Zambia the Bangweulu system covers an almost completely flat area roughly the size of Connecticut or East Anglia at an elevation of 1140 m straddling Zambia's Luapula Province and Northern Province.
 The Little Liverpool Range is a mountain range of the Scenic Rim part of the Great Dividing Range that is located in the South East region of Queensland Australia.
 Rządza is a river of Poland a tributary of the Narew.
 The Imbituva River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Pârâul lui Tita is a tributary of the Bicăjel River in Romania.
 Little Cedar River is an 8.1-mile-long (13.0 km) river in Gladwin County in the U.S. state of Michigan.The Little Cedar rises in Buckeye Township at 43°55′08″N 84°24′18″W and flows primarily south into the Tobacco River at 43°50′30″N 84°23′17″W.Pete Drain which feeds into the Little Cedar is also known as the Little Cedar River.
 The Wu River (Chinese: 乌江; pinyin: Wū Jiāng) is the largest southern tributary of the Yangtze River. Nearly its entire length of 1150 kilometres (710 mi) runs within the isolated mountainous and ethnically diverse province of Guizhou. The river takes drainage from a 80300-square-kilometre (31000 sq mi) watershed.The river flows through the Liupanshui Anshun Guiyang (the capital) Qiannan and Zunyi Districts of Guizhou.
 The Caren Range is a low and mostly tree-covered mountain range in the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia Canada. It lies along the eastern shore of the Sechelt Peninsula southeast of Sakinaw Lake about 74 km northwest of Vancouver. It has an area of 169 km2 and contains Spipiyus Provincial Park.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Kharosa is a village situated at about 45 km from Latur City in Latur district Maharashtra India.The place is renowned for its caves which were built around the 6th century. Other attractions include the beautiful sculptures of Narasimha Shiv Parvati Kartikeya and Ravana. There are about 12 caves of which one has an image of seated Jins (Jain Tirthankar).There are about a couple of dozen carved panels depicting mythological stories.Nearby villages are: Ramegaon Kharosa Shivani.
 Mount Obihiro (帯広岳 Obihiro-dake) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Elk River is a tributary of the Kanawha River 172 miles (277 km) long in central West Virginia in the United States. Via the Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River.
 Klarälven (The clear river in Swedish) is a river flowing through Norway and Sweden. Together with Göta älv which it is called as the river has passed through the lake Vänern thus regarded as an entity Göta älv-Klarälven is the longest river in Scandinavia and in the Nordic countries and its Swedish part the longest river of Sweden.
 The river Vils is a 30 km long tributary of the Lech River in the Alps of Austria and Germany. The Vils has a drainage basin of approximately a 300 km² with an average annual precipitation of nearly 2000 mm.It originates in the Allgäu Alps in Tyrol from the supplies of the Vilsalpsee and is its only discharge.
 Ellersieker Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Bosley Butte is a mountain in the Klamath Mountains of southwestern Oregon in the United States. It is located in southern Curry County in the extreme southwest corner of the state. It is approximately 5 miles (8 km) from the Pacific Ocean and 5 miles (8 km) north of the California state line.
 The Glodoasa River is a tributary of the Doftana River in Romania.
 James Bay (French: Baie James) is a large body of water on the southern end of Hudson Bay in Canada. Both bodies of water extend from the Arctic Ocean. It is the southernmost part of the Arctic Ocean. James Bay borders the provinces of Quebec and Ontario; islands within the bay (the largest of which is Akimiski Island) are part of Nunavut. The James Bay watershed is the site of several major hydroelectric projects and is also a destination for river-based recreation.
 The Brebina Mare River is a headwater of the Brebina River in Romania.
 Little Skootamatta Creek is a creek in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins in Hastings and Lennox and Addington Counties in Ontario Canada. The river's name is thought to come from Ojibwa words meaning burnt shoreline.
 Midtre Tverråtinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 El Piveto Mountain is a mountain located lies between Wolf River and Cervus Creek on Vancouver Island British Columbia. It is located 2 km (1 mi) southeast of Rambler Peak and 24 km (15 mi) east of Gold River.
 Frøysjøen is a fjord (or more accurately a strait) in Bremanger Municipality in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. The fjord is about 25 kilometres (16 mi) long and between 2 to 4 kilometres (1.2 to 2.5 mi) wide. The fjord runs on a northeast-southwest axis between the mainland of Norway (on the east) and the islands of Bremangerlandet and Frøya (on the west).The Gulen fjord branches off the Frøysjøen to the east.
 The Little River is a 7.6-mile-long (12.2 km) tributary of Goosefare Bay in the U.S. state of Maine. It rises in Biddeford and flows southeast becoming the boundary between Biddeford and Kennebunkport for the final 2.8 miles (4.5 km) of its course. It empties into Goosefare Bay on the Atlantic Ocean at the east end of Kennebunkport's Goose Rocks Beach.During part of the 1800s a seasonal water-powered sawmill operated near what is now known as Timber Point.
 Hohe Mark (Spessart) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Brammah is a mountain massif in the Kishtwar Himalaya of Jammu and Kashmir India east of the town of Kishtwar and near the border with Himachal Pradesh. It comprises four peaks listed in order from west to east: Brammah I 6416 m (21050 ft) first ascent 1973 Flat Top 6103 m (20023 ft) first ascent 1980 Brammah II 6485 m (21276 ft) first ascent 1975 Arjuna 6230 m (20440 ft) first ascent 1983Note that Brammah II is the highest of the group contrary to usual practice.
 Le Piolit is a 2464 m mountain in the Dauphiné Alps close to the cities of Gap and Ancelle in the département of Hautes-Alpes in France.
 The Arney River is a small river in County Fermanagh Northern Ireland feeding from Lower Lough MacNean and into Upper Lough Erne. It meanders through a wide flat Glacial Trough between the uplands of Fermanagh Belmore Mountain and the Cuilcagh Mountains. The valley is characterised by wide flat lowlands enclosed by low hills.
 The Aiud River (Hungarian:Enyed-patak) or Aiudul de Sus River is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. The upper reach is also known as Vălișoara River.
 Lupfen is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Not to be confused with Waikare River.The Waikari River is a river of the Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally east from its sources at the northern end of the Maungaharuru Range to reach Hawke Bay 25 kilometres southwest of Wairoa.
 Ko Kra (Thai: เกาะกระ pronounced [kɔ̀ʔ kràʔ]) is a group of small rocky islets in the southern area of the Gulf of Thailand. It is under the administration of Nakhon Si Thammarat Province of Thailand.
 Lago del Chiotas is a lake in the Province of Cuneo Piedmont Italy. It is used as an upper reservoir for the pumped-storage hydroelectric Entracque Power Plant.
 Vizhaikha (Russian: Вижаиха) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Vishera River which in turn is a tributary of Kama River. The length of the river is 64 km. The area of drainage basin is 375 km². Its mouth is located in the town of Krasnovishersk.
 The Tanzilla Plateau is a plateau in the Stikine Country of the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada. It is a sub-plateau of the Stikine Plateau and is located east of the Tuya River north of the Stikine River and surrounding Dease Lake; its eastern extremity verges on the Stikine Ranges of the Cassiar Mountains at Dark Mountain and Pyramid Mountain.
 Geringsgraben is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Blackfoot Mountains also called the Blackfoot Range is a small range of mountains located east of Blackfoot Idaho. Most of the area is private property including the range's tallest mountain Taylor Mountain. This mountain was named after Sam Taylor an early settler and brother of Matt Taylor. The Blackfoot River carves through the region.
 Großer Rachel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Poverty Hills are a mountain range in northwestern Inyo County of eastern California northwest of Bishop and the upper Owens Valley.They are east of and below the Sierra Nevada in the Round Valley area and just west of Tinemaha Reservoir and the Owens River.
 The Daicița River is a tributary of the Boca River in Romania.
 Logan Glacier is in Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated in a cirque to the northeast of Mount Logan. Just east of the Continental Divide Logan Glacier is northwest of Red Eagle Glacier. Estimated in 2005 to cover an area of 75 acres (0.30 km2) Logan Glacier covered almost 125 acres (0.51 km2) in 1966 a reduction in area of 40 percent in about 40 years.
 Todd Brook is a small river running through the English counties of Cheshire and Derbyshire.The Brook rises beneath Shining Tor on the border between the two counties and flows northwards through east Cheshire passing by Kettleshulme before turning east forming the border between Cheshire and Derbyshire for a short distance before filling Toddbrook Reservoir in Derbyshire.The brook flows into the River Goyt at Whaley Bridge.
 Hundskopf is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 Flathead Lake (Salish: člq̓etkʷ ) is the largest natural freshwater lake west of the Mississippi River in the contiguous United States taking Red Lake (Minnesota) and Lake of the Woods to be north of the Mississippi River rather than west of the river. With a surface area of between 191.5 sq mi (496 km2) and 197 sq mi (510 km2) Flathead Lake is slightly larger than Lake Tahoe.
 The Owl River is a river in the Hudson Bay drainage basin in Census division 23 in Northern Manitoba Canada. It flows from Fly Lake to Hudson Bay.The river is crossed at the community of Herchmer the location of Herchmer railway station by the Hudson Bay Railway. Herchmer railway station is served by the Via Rail Winnipeg – Churchill train.A large portion of the river from its mouth upstream is part of Wapusk National Park.
 The Innuitian Mountains are a mountain range in Canada's Arctic territories of Nunavut and the Northwest Territories. They are part of the Arctic Cordillera and are largely unexplored due to the hostile climate. They are named after the northern indigenous people who live in the region. In some locations the Innuitian Mountains measure over 2500 m (8202 ft) in height and 1290 km (802 mi) in length. The highest point is Barbeau Peak at 2616 m (8583 ft).
 Lake Lagernoye is a small lake situated just south of the camp at Molodyozhnaya Station and close west of Lake Glubokoye in the Thala Hills Enderby Land. Mapped and named Ozero Lagernoye (camp lake) by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition 1961-62.
 Gasparilla Pass is an inlet southwest of the town of Placida Florida USA. It connects Placida Harbor with the Gulf of Mexico separating Gasparilla Island on the south from Little Gasparilla Island on the north.
 The Valea Păstrăvăriei River is a tributary of the Iada River in Romania.
 The Bulloo River is an isolated drainage system in western Queensland central Australia. Its floodplain which extends into northern New South Wales is an important area for waterbirds when inundated. It comprises most of the Bulloo-Bancannia drainage basin.
 The Măcicaș River is a tributary of the Valea Mare River in Romania.
 Benedict is a small bowl-shaped crater that lies on the floor of the walled basin Mendeleev. It is located near the lunar equator on the far side of the Moon from the Earth.This crater is circular in shape with little appearance of wear. At the midpoint of the sloping inner walls is a small central floor. The higher albedo of the inner walls compared to the surrounding terrain indicates that this is a relatively young formation.
 Piz Alpetta is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located south of Tschamut in the canton of Graubünden. It lies north of Piz Ravetsch on the range between the Val Maighels and the Val Curnera.
 The Câlniștea River is a tributary of the Neajlov River in Romania.
 The Chaux Ronde (2028 m) is a mountain in the western Bernese Alps overlooking Villars-sur-Ollon in the canton of Vaud. The mountain is part of a ski area and its summit is easily accessible from Bretaye with the Bex–Villars–Bretaye railway.A ski-lift leads to a secondary summit (1987 m).
 Rodeo Creek is an 8.3-mile-long (13.4 km) creek in western Contra Costa County California running through the town of Rodeo.
 The Borzontul Mare River (sometimes referred to as Borzont River) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known Putna River.
 Gravale (Irish: Droibhéal meaning Difficult passage) is a mountain in County Wicklow Ireland. At 718 metres (2356 ft) it is the 13th highest mountain in the Wicklow Mountains and the 97th highest summit in Ireland.
 The Tobacco Root Mountains lie in the northern Rocky Mountains between the Jefferson and Madison Rivers in southwest Montana. The highest peak is Hollowtop at 10604 feet (3232 m). The range contains 43 peaks rising to elevations greater than 10000 feet (3048 m).Much of the central part of the range is within the Beaverhead-Deerlodge National Forest although many mostly small patented mining claims exist within the forest boundary.
 Vermilion River in Kootenay National Park headwatered at Vermilion Pass flowing through Vermilion Valley fed by the Simpson River Tokumm Creek Verendrye Creek etc. is a major tributary of the Kootenay River.First visited (by a non-Aboriginal) by Sir George Simpson in 1841. Numa Falls on the river is directly accessible from Highway 93 in Kootenay National Park.
 Schober Pass (el. 849 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps located in the Bundesland of Styria.
 Mount Coglians (Friulian: Coliàns; German: Hohe Warte) is a mountain in the Carnic Alps at the border between Italy (province of Udine) and Austria (Carinthia) west to the Monte Croce Carnico pass (Plöcken Pass). With its elevation of 2780 m (9121 ft) it is the highest peak of Friuli-Venezia Giulia region of Italy and of the Carnic and Gailtal Alps.Mount Coglians like all the range which it belongs to is characterized by karst topography.
 Bach von dem Vierstöck is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Râul Strâmbu is a tributary of the Sălătruc River in Romania.
 The Cheboygan River is a short but significant river in the Lake Huron drainage basin of the U.S. state of Michigan.7.0 miles (11.3 km) in length the Cheboygan River flows from the north end of Mullett Lake at 45°34′37″N 84°29′16″W to the Straits of Mackinac at 45°39′22″N 84°27′55″W. The river forms the boundary between Benton Township and Inverness Township before flowing into the city of Cheboygan. The largest tributary is the Black River.
 The Yalgar River is a 142-kilometre-long tributary of the Murchison River located in the Shire of Meekatharra in central Western Australia. It arises near the Great Northern Highway about 50 kilometres north of Meekatharra flowing about 75 kilometres westward to a junction with its tributary the Hope River. From there it flows north-north-westerly for about 35 kilometres before disgorging itself into the upper reaches of the Murchison River near the Carnarvon Meekatharra Road.
 Rogla (pronounced [ˈɾɔːɡla]) is a mountain a settlement and a resort in Zreče Pohorje (Slovene: Zreško Pohorje) in the Municipality of Zreče in northeastern Slovenia. The area was traditionally part of Lower Styria. It is now included in the Savinja Statistical Region.
 Prilednikovoye Lake (70°45′S 11°35′E) is a lake 1.25 nautical miles (2.3 km) south-southwest of Tyuleniy Point in the Schirmacher Hills situated at the edge of the continental ice sheet in Queen Maud Land. Mapped by the Soviet Antarctic Expedition in 1961 and named Ozero Prilednikovoye (fore-glacier lake) presumably for its location.
 The Ocheyedan River is a tributary of the Little Sioux River 58 mi (93 km) long in southwestern Minnesota and northwestern Iowa in the United States. Via the Little Sioux and Missouri Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. The river has been channelized for much of its length.
 Sayt'u Qucha (Quechua sayt'u long and narrow rectanguar qucha lake long and narrow lake hispanicized spellings Saythu Khocha Saytu Khocha Saytu Qhocha) is a Bolivian lake located in the Cochabamba Department Tiraque Province Tiraque Municipality Tiraque Canton situated about 4004 m high.
 The Brotenaubach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Reed Flute Cave (Chinese: 芦笛岩; pinyin: Lúdí Yán) is a landmark and tourist attraction in Guilin Guangxi China. It is a natural limestone cave with multicolored lighting and has been one of Guilin’s most interesting attractions for over 1200 years. It is over 180 million years old. The cave got its name from the type of reed growing outside which can be made into melodious flutes.
 The Waipati River alternatively known as the Chaslands River is a river in the eastern Catlins New Zealand. It rises in the Maclennan Range and flows south-eastward into the Waipati Beach north of Chaslands Mistake.
 The Mergiş River (Hungarian: Mérges-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania. Its name is from the Hungarian poison meaning Poisonous Creek.
 Hohenkarpfen is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany. It is a popular tourist destination due to its picturesque shape and the view over the Black Forest. The peak has been a nature reserve since the 1930s.
 Weyib River (also Webi Gestro; Wabē Gestro or Web River) is a river of eastern Ethiopia. It rises in the Bale Mountains east of Goba in the Oromia Region flowing east to pass through the Sof Omar Caves then to the southeast until it joins the Ganale Dorya River in the Somali Region.
 The Racovița River is a tributary of the Lucșoara River in Romania.
 The Río Icacos is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The McGregor Range is a mountain range in the Central Interior of British Columbia located between the main spine of the Rocky Mountains and the Fraser River on the northeast and southwest and between the Torpy River on its southeast and the McGregor River on its northwest. Though adjacent to the Rockies and very mountainous the McGregor Range is part of the McGregor Plateau a subdivision of the Fraser Plateau.
 Beek is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Waldbach (Schwalbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Tebeleuca River is a tributary of the Teșna River in Romania.
 Tatlatui Lake is a lake in the Tatlatui Range of the Omineca Mountains of the Northern Interior of British Columbia Canada. It is the source of the Firesteel River the uppermost left tributary of the Finlay River which begins just southeast at Thutade Lake which is considered the ultimate source of the Mackenzie River. The lake and adjoining summits are part of Tatlatui Provincial Park.
 Remelsbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Baeyerhöhe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Garrensee is a lake in Ziethen Kreis Herzogtum Lauenburg Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 Seneca Caverns is a show cave located in northeastern Seneca County Ohio USA just outside of Flat Rock. The cave is designated as a Registered Natural Landmark by the Ohio Department of Natural Resources.
 The Slovenian Prealps (Slovene: Slovenske Predalpe Predalpska Slovenija slovenski predalpski svet) are a group of mountain ranges in the eastern part of the Alps. They are located in Slovenia and for a small part of their northernmost area in Austria.[citation needed]
 Purisima Creek is a 2-mile-long (3.2 km) eastward-flowing stream originating in Los Altos Hills in Santa Clara County California United States. It is a tributary of Adobe Creek which it joins just after entering Los Altos.
 Mount Scott is a small stratovolcano and a so-called parasitic cone on the southeast flank of Crater Lake in southern Oregon. It is approximately 420000 years old. Its summit is the highest point within Crater Lake National Park and the tenth highest peak in the Oregon Cascades.A small fire lookout tower stands on the summit at the end of a trail that zigzags approximately 1500 feet (460 m) up the mountain. The mountain is named for Oregon pioneer Levi Scott founder of Scottsburg Oregon.
 The Cunhaporanga River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Apache Pass (named for the Apache people) its earlier Spanish name was Puerto del Dado (Pass of the Die). Apache Pass is a historic passage in the U.S. state of Arizona between the Dos Cabezas Mountains and Chiricahua Mountains at an elevation of 5110 ft. approximately 32 km (20 mi) E-SE of Willcox Arizona.
 The Oude Maas (Dutch pronunciation: [ˌɔudə ˈmaːs]) (Old Meuse) is a distributary of the Rhine River and a former distributary of the Maas River in the Dutch province of South Holland. It begins at the city of Dordrecht where the Beneden Merwede river splits into the Noord River and the Oude Maas. It ends when it joins the Nieuwe Maas to form Het Scheur
 Smoluchowski is a lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies in the part of the lunar surface that is sometimes brought into view of the Earth during periods of favorable libration and illumination from sunlight but at such times little detail can be seen as the crater is observed from the edge. Smoluchowski lies across the northern rim of the larger walled plain Poczobutt.
 The Saline Range is a mountain range in Inyo County California within Death Valley National Park.
 The Rattlesnake Hills is a 16 mile (26 km) long anticline mountain ridge in Yakima County and Benton County in the U.S. state of Washington. Also known as Rattlesnake Mountain and Rattlesnake Ridge it should not be confused with the much smaller Rattlesnake Ridge located near the west end of Ahtanum Ridge. Rattlesnake Hills' highest summit is 3629 feet (1106 m) tall which is also the highest point in Benton County.
 The Jardim River is a river of Ceará state in eastern Brazil.
 Dhünn is a 40 km (25 mi)-long river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. Its main source is near Wipperfürth in the Bergisches Land area. It runs in south-westerly direction and its mouth into the river Wupper is near Leverkusen appr. 10 km (6.2 mi) north of Cologne.
 The Union Canal was a towpath canal that existed in southeastern Pennsylvania in the United States during the 19th century. First proposed in 1690 to connect Philadelphia with the Susquehanna River it ran approximately 75 mi (120 km) from Middletown on the Susquehanna below Harrisburg to Reading on the Schuylkill River. Although construction began in 1792 during the George Washington Administration financial difficulties delayed its completion until 1828.
 The Râul Panacul is a tributary of the Haitii River in Romania.
 Ovid is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 44 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Ovid is named for the Roman poet Ovid who lived from 43 BCE to 17 CE.
 Yanaqucha (Quechua yana black very dark qucha lake lagoon black lake hispanicized spelling Yanacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Pasco Region Pasco Province Huayllay District. It is situated at a height of about 4471 metres (14669 ft). Yanaqucha lies between the lakes Waskaqucha in the west and Chinchayqucha in the east.
 Middle Lakes is a lake of Argyle municipality in south-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Ausoni Mountains (Italian Monti Ausoni) are mountain range of southern Lazio in central Italy. They are part of the Antiappennini a group running from the Apennines chain to the Tyrrhenian Sea. They are bounded northwards by the Monti Lepini and southwards by the Aurunci Mountains.They take the name from the ancient tribe of the Ausoni. The Monti Aurunci are mainly constituted by friable limestone. Altitudes vary from hills to the 1152 m of Cima del Nibbio and the 1141 m of Monte Calvo.
 The Muttler (3293 m) is the highest mountain in the Samnaun Alps. It is located south of Samnaun in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. An antenna is located west of the summit.
 The Valea Podului River is a tributary of the Mara River in Romania.
 Mount Redfield is a mountain located in Essex County New York. The mountain is part of the Marcy Group of the Great Range of the Adirondack Mountains.Mount Redfield is flanked to the northwest by Cliff Mountain and to the northeast by Mount Skylight.Verplanck Colvin (1847–1920) named Mount Redfield for William C.
 The Lac de Montbel is a reservoir 5 minutes from Chalabre which is a popular location for watersports and swimming. It is located at Sainte-Colombe-sur-l'Hers on the border between the Ariège and Aude départements of southwestern France.The flooded hillsides are still evident when the water level drops revealing tree stumps and the thick sticky clay (marl) so typical of the Ariège.
 The Fenelon River is a 2 km (1.2 mi) long river that runs through the community of Fenelon Falls City of Kawartha Lakes in the Kawartha Lakes district of Ontario Canada. It connects Cameron Lake to Sturgeon Lake.
 The Bell River is a river in Quebec Canada. It flows into Lake Matagami.
 Waytapallana (Quechua wayta wild flower a little bunch of flowers pallay to collect pallana an instrument to collect fruit / collectable Waytapallana a place where you collect wild flowers hispanicized spelling Huaytapallana) or Lasuntay is the highest peak in the Waytapallana mountain range in the Andes of Peru. The highest peak of the Waytapallana range has an altitude of 5557 m (18232 ft). The second highest tip the Yana Uqsha measures at 5530 m (18143 ft).
 The White Cloud Mountains are part of the Rocky Mountains of the western United States located in central Idaho southeast of Stanley in Custer County. The range is located within the Sawtooth National Recreation Area (SNRA) and is part of the largest unprotected roadless area in the United States outside of Alaska.
 Lake McDonald is the largest lake in Glacier National Park. It is located at 48°35′N 113°55′W in Flathead County in the U.S. state of Montana. Lake McDonald is approximately 10 miles (16 km) long and over a mile (1.6 km) wide and 472 feet (130 m) deep filling a valley formed by a combination of erosion and glacial activity. Lake McDonald lies at an elevation of 3153 feet (960 m) and is on the west side of the Continental Divide.
 The Wildspitz (also known as Rossberg) is a mountain of the Glarus Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Zug and Schwyz. Reaching a height of 1580 metres above sea level it is the highest summit in the canton of Zug.The Wildspitz is surrounded by three lakes: Lake Zug Lake Lauerz and Lake Ägeri.
 The Carpenul River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Marsh Creek is a 13.0-mile-long (20.9 km) tributary of Pine Creek in Pennsylvania in the United States.Marsh Creek begins in the borough of Wellsboro at the confluence of Kelsey Creek Morris Branch and Charleston Creek. Marsh Creek flows north then west and joins Pine Creek just downstream of Ansonia in Tioga County. A small flood in 1993 ruined a marginal amount of farmland.
 The Schrofenpass is a pedestrian pass (el. 1688 m) across the Allgäu Alps. It connects Oberstdorf in Germany with Warth in Austria.
 Johnson Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest a cutoff of trail 459 along Johnson Creek.Johnson Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. There is one small island in the lake that is about 70 ft (21 m) long.
 Mount Pinatubo is an active stratovolcano located on the island of Luzon near the tripoint of the Philippine provinces of Zambales Tarlac and Pampanga.It is located in the Cabusilan Mountains separating the west coast of Luzon from the central plains. Before the volcanic activities of 1991 its eruptive history was unknown to most people. It was heavily eroded inconspicuous and obscured from view.
 The Divaia River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Pietrele Lacului is a tributary of the Sălătrucel river in Romania.
 Étang des Redouneilles des vaches is a lake in Ariège France.
 Headwall Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 683.Headwall Lake is northwest of Merriam Peak and located in the lower section of the Boulder Chain Lakes Basin.
 Sugar Creek is a tributary of the Tuscarawas River in northeastern Ohio in the United States. It is 45 miles (72 km) long. Via the Tuscarawas Muskingum and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 356 square miles (922 km²) on glaciated and unglaciated portions of the Allegheny Plateau.It is the namesake of Sugarcreek Ohio and of townships in Stark Tuscarawas and Wayne counties Ohio.
 Juanita Creek is a creek in King County Washington that flows through the city of Kirkland. The creek runs about 5 miles (8.0 km) before entering Lake Washington's Juanita Bay at Juanita Beach Park.
 Peñuelas Lake is a reservoir in Valparaíso Region Chile. It supplies drinking water to Valparaíso and Viña del Mar. The reservoir and the surrounding area are protected within Lago Peñuelas National Reserve which is part of La Campana-Peñuelas Biosphere Reserve.
 Wideybach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Gordon Lake is the name of several lakes in Ontario Canada. The largest of these is located near Rock Lake Ontario in Parry Sound District
 Macomb Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York. The mountain is named after Maj.Gen.
 Minersville Reservoir is a reservoir in Beaver County Utah United States.
 Copper Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Beinn Dearg (one of a number of Scottish hills of that name) is a mountain in the Inverlael area of the Highlands of Scotland. It is most frequently climbed by following the River Lael up Gleann na Sguaib. Starting from near the head of Loch Broom a path follows the glen to a bealach about a kilometre north of the summit. From this bealach the neighbouring peaks of Con a' Mheall and Meall na Ceapraichean may also be climbed.
 Owikeno Lake also Owekeeno Lake Owekano Lake Oweekayno Lake and other spellings (pron. o we KEE no) is a large fjord lake in the Central Coast region of British Columbia Canada. It connects to the head of Rivers Inlet by the short Wannock River (Wanukv). The lake's name comes from the indigenous people of the region the Wuikinuxv whose settlements and territory lie around the lake.
 The St. John River (French: Rivière Saint-Jean) is a river approximately 418 miles (673 km) long located principally in the Canadian province of New Brunswick but also in and arising from the province of Quebec and the U.S. state of Maine. It forms part of the Canada – United States border in two different places along its length. The river drains an area of approximately 55000 square kilometres (21000 sq mi) of which slightly more than half is located in New Brunswick.
 Caventou is a tiny lunar impact crater located in the western part of the Mare Imbrium. It is a circular cup-shaped formation surrounded by the lunar mare. Prior to being renamed by the IAU it had the designation La Hire D being associated with the mountain Mons La Hire to the southeast.
 The Grassengrat is a multi-summited mountain of the Urner Alps located on the border between the cantons of Obwalden and Uri in Central Switzerland. It lies on the range between the Titlis and the Gross Spannort. The main summit has an elevation of 2941 metres and is named Stössenstock.
 Lake Campotosto (Italian: Lago di Campotosto) is a man-made lake in the Abruzzo Italy. The reservoir is located at an elevation of 1313 m and comprises an area of 14 square kilometres. It is located in the natural park known as the Gran Sasso e Monti della Laga National Park.The lake is reachable via the Italian State Highway 80 from either L'Aquila or the Adriatic Coast. Smaller roads lead to Capitignano Montereale and Amatrice.
 Wildcat Mountain is a mountain located in Coos County northern New Hampshire United States. The mountain is part of the Carter-Moriah Range of the White Mountains on the east side of Pinkham Notch. Wildcat Mountain faces Carter Dome across Carter Notch to the northeast and Mount Washington across Pinkham Notch to the west.Wildcat Mountain has five summits — A B C D and E — along Wildcat Ridge which curves two miles (3 km) to the south and west.
 The Chère (French: la Chère) is a 65.1 km (40.5 mi) long river in the Loire-Atlantique and Ille-et-Vilaine départements western France. Its source is at Soudan. It flows generally west. It is a left tributary of the Vilaine into which it flows between Pierric and Sainte-Anne-sur-Vilaine.
 San Juan Valley sometimes called San Benito Valley formerly Canada de San Benito or Llano De San Juan a valley that has its head near the Gabilan Range. Bounded on the north by the Lomerias Muertas and the Flint Hills and south and east by the Gabilan Range and the gap between the Gabilan Range and Flint Hills where the San Benito River enters the valley from the east.
 The Boianu River is a tributary of the Valea Răchiţelii River in Romania.
 Yli-Suolijärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Kemijoki main catchment area. It is located in Posio municipality in the region of Lapland in northern Finland.
 The Moira River is a river in Hastings County in eastern Ontario Canada. It travels from its source in the centre of the county to the county seat Belleville and is named after Francis Rawdon-Hastings Earl of Moira.
 The Yuha Buttes are a group of buttes in the Lower Colorado River Valley in southern Imperial County California.The buttes are high points along a pair of en echelon northeast trending ridges in the Yuha Desert 6.5 miles (10.5 km) north of the border about 21 miles (34 km) west of Calexico. The highest point has an elevation of 340 feet (100 m) which is 100 to 250 feet above the surrounding desert.
 The Mohana River (also called Mohani River/Mohane River) flows through the Hazaribagh Chatra and Gaya districts in the Indian states of Jharkhand and Bihar.
 Haferbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Ryggehøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Espolde is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Nysa Kłodzka (German: Glatzer Neiße Czech: Kladská Nisa) or Eastern Neisse is a river in southwestern Poland a left tributary of the Oder with a length of 182 km (21st longest) and a basin area of 4566 km² (3744 in Poland).Before 1945 the area was part of Germany. During the Yalta Conference it was discussed by the Western Allies as one possible line of the western Polish border.
 Rauberflaket is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 The Salmon River flows from the Central Oregon Coast Range to the Pacific Ocean coast of northwest Oregon in the United States. About 24 miles (39 km) long it begins and ends in Lincoln County but also flows briefly through western Polk and southern Tillamook counties.Rising in the mountains near the Lincoln–Polk county line it flows east into Polk County then north and west re-entering Lincoln County entering Tillamook County and re-entering Lincoln County near Oregon Route 18.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Cusuiuș River in Romania.
 Low Rigg is a small hill located in the English Lake District a few miles east of the town of Keswick and slightly to the north of its larger neighbour High Rigg. It is a hill of modest elevation being of insufficient size to merit inclusion in the famous Lake District guides produced by Alfred Wainwright.
 Loch Shiel (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Seile) is a 19.3 (11.9 miles) km2 freshwater loch 120 m (393ft) deep situated 20 (12.4 miles) km west of Fort William in Lochaber Highland Scotland.
 The Cachimbau River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Marmolada (Ladin: Marmoleda) is a mountain in northeastern Italy (just east of Trento) and the highest mountain of the Dolomites (a section of the Alps).The mountain is located about 100 kilometres north-northwest of Venice from which it can be seen on a clear day. It consists of a ridge running west to east. Towards the south it breaks suddenly into sheer cliffs forming a rock face several kilometres long.
 The Stadelhorn (2286 m) is the highest and most prominent peak in the Reiter Alm on the Austro-German border lying on the boundary between the states of Bavaria and Salzburg.The Stadelhorn is a popular but rather exposed hiking summit.The view from the top extends from the Untersberg the Hochkalter and Watzmann over the Leoganger Steinberge and Loferer Steinberge to the Sonntagshorn as well as large parts of the Lower Saalach valley.
 Liederbach (Main) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Franklin Range is a small mountain range on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located just southwest of Robson Bight and Johnstone Strait. It has an area of 200 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains. The range was named in 1861 by Captain Richards for noted Arctic explorer Rear Admiral Sir John Franklin who died exploring the Arctic and his wife Lady Franklin.
 The Indija is a river in Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 5.8 kilometres and has a drainage basin area of 10.2 km².
 The Das Cunhãs River is a river of Tocantins state in central Brazil.
 The Greenhorn Mountains are a mountain range in Grant County Oregon.
 The Hudin River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
 Lac du Crescent is a lake in Nièvre France. At an elevation of 300 m its surface area is 1.65 km².
 The Shin River (新川 Shin-kawa) flows through Aichi Prefecture Japan.In the artificial river was digging in the Edo period.
 Hanna Lake (Urdu: ہنہ جھيل‎) is a lake near Quetta city in Balochistan Province in southwestern Pakistan.
 The Logon or Logone River is a major tributary of the Chari River. The Logone's sources are located in the western Central African Republic northern Cameroon and southern Chad. It has two major tributaries. The Pendé River (Eastern Logone) in the prefecture Ouham-Pendé in the Central African Republic and the Mbéré River (Western Logone) at the east of Cameroon.
 The Wildseeloder is a 2119 metres (6952 ft) high mountain in the eastern Kitzbühel Alps in Tyrol Austria. The valley base for the Wildseeloder is Fieberbrunn in the Pillersee valley. On its northern slopes is a ski area. The summit which has no lifts up to it is a popular ski touring destination in winter. West of the Wildseeloder is a lake the Wildsee in a cirque hollow. The Wildseeloderhaus stands on its shore.
 The Corboaia River is a tributary of the Olteţ River in Romania.
 The Kachura Lakes are two lakes in the Skardu District of Gilgit-Baltistan northern Pakistan. The lakes at 2500 metres (8200 ft) in elevation are Upper Kachura Lake and Lower Kachura Lake. The latter is also known as Shangrila Lake and is within a tourist resort named Shangrila Resort outside the town of Skardu. The lakes are in the Karakoram mountain range of the western Himalayas the greater Kashmir region and in the Indus River basin.
 Boeing Creek is a stream in the U.S. state of Washington located in the city of Shoreline just north of Seattle. It is about 1.6 miles (2.6 km) long and empties into Puget Sound. The creek is heavily modified along its course and in many places has been diverted into culverts. The watershed of Boeing Creek is about 11.2 square miles (29 km2) in size with two main tributaries aside from the mainstem. The creek takes its name from William Boeing who built a mansion along the creek in 1913.
 The Gropata Scurtă River is a tributary of the Marginea River in Romania.
 Fan Gyhirych is a mountain in the Fforest Fawr section of Brecon Beacons National Park in south Wales. It lies within the county of Powys formerly Brecknockshire.Its highest point at 725m is marked by a trig point which is located towards the western side of the summit plateau. The hill drains to the north into the catchment of the Afon Crai and to the south and west into that of the River Tawe. Fan Fraith is a nearby hill which can be considered a subsidiary top of Fan Gyhirych.
 Mons Blanc is the tallest mountain in the Montes Alpes range on the Moon at 3.6 kilometers in height. It is located at 45.0°N 1.0°E﻿ / 45.0; 1.0 and is about 25 kilometers in diameter. The mountain was named after Mont Blanc a mountain in the Alps on Earth.
 Nome River is a waterway on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. It has its source in a narrow valley in the southern margin of the Kigluaik Mountains 4.5 miles (7.2 km) west of Salmon Lake.
 Mount Independence at 9950 feet (3030 m) above sea level is the second highest peak in the Albion Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Forest and Cassia County. It is located about 1 mi (1.6 km) northwest of Cache Peak. The Independence Lakes are located in the basin to the east of the peak.
 The Uvac (Serbian Bosnian: Uvac Увац) is an international transboundary river rising under Golija mountain and Pešter plateau then flowing through southwestern Serbia and cross into eastern Bosnia and Herzegovina (Republika Srpska) where after 119 km finally meets the Lim river from the right however before it empties into the Lim for a 10 kilometers Uvac forms the border between two countries.
 The Pârâul Roșu is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
 Lake Victoria (Nam Lolwe in Luo; Nalubaale in Luganda; Victoria Nyanza in Bantu ) is one of the African Great Lakes.
 Börnepader is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Saale is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Rosenlaui Glacier (German: Rosenlauigletscher) is a 5-km-long glacier (2005) situated in the Bernese Alps in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 6.14 km2.
 The Corozal River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Mount Amorong a potentially active volcano part of the Amorong Volcanic Group is located at the northern end of the Luzon Central Plain in Pangasinan province Region I on the island of Luzon in the Philippines.
 Holper Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Guozha Lake also Gozha Co Gozha Tso or Guozhacuo is a glacial lake in Rutog County in the Ngari Prefecture in the northwest of the Tibet Autonomous Region of China. It lies in the western Kunlun Mountains to the northwest of Bangda Lake not far from the regional border with Xinjiang. Located at an altitude of 5080 metres it covers an area of 244 square kilometres with a maximum depth of 81.9 metres and contains 62 glaciers.
 Lohr is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Valea Trăznită River is a tributary of the Valea Muierii in Romania.
 For other uses of Black Hills see Black Hills (disambiguation); for the other mountain range in Arizona see: Black Hills (Yavapai County)The Black Hills of Greenlee County are a 20 mi (32 km) long mountain range of the extreme northeast Sonoran Desert bordering the south of the White Mountains of eastern Arizona's transition zone.The mountain range is bordered by the Gila River and the range is a large block that forces the Gila to flow northwest west southwest; at the west the Gila River begins an excursion northwest at the start of the Gila Valley where Safford and Thatcher lie in the valley.The southwest quarter of the mountain range lies in the southeast of Graham County.
 Teupitzer See is a lake in Teupitzer Gewässer Brandenburg Germany. It is located in the town of Teupitz.
 McDonald Lake is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Twelve Mile Creek is a waterway located on the Niagara Peninsula in the Regional Municipality of Niagara in Southern Ontario Canada. Its headwaters are located in the town of Pelham encompassing some of the most unspoiled and natural areas of Niagara area. The creek's lower reaches flow through urban areas of Thorold and St. Catharines and have been heavily altered by human activity for almost two centuries.
 Street Mountain is a mountain located in Essex County New York named after Alfred Billings Street (1811–1881) a poet and New York State Librarian. The mountain is the high point of the Street Range of the Adirondack Mountains.Street's northeast ridge is Nye Mountain.Street Mountain stands within the watershed of the Saint Lawrence River which drains into the Gulf of Saint Lawrence.The southeast east and northeast slopes of Street Mtn.
 For the summit near the village of Rhigos in Cwm Cynon Cymoedd De Cymru.. See Craig y Llyn.Craig-y-llyn is a subsidiary summit of Cadair Idris in the Snowdonia National Park in Gwynedd northwest Wales. It lies at the western end of the long Cadair Idris ridge. Its north-facing cwm houses the small glacial lake Llyn Cyri. The southern flanks have gentle slopes while the northern are very steep and contain broken crags. The summit is grassy and marked by a few stones.
 The Tetbury Avon also known as the Little Avon or the Ingleburn (Anglo-Saxon - English river) is a tributary of the Bristol Avon. It is also referred to as the River Avon (Tetbury Branch). It rises at Tetbury in Gloucestershire in the West Country of England and flows in a generally south easterly direction joining the Sherston Avon at Malmesbury in Wiltshire. The water flow has been reduced by public water extraction form its source aquifer in the Cotswold Hills.
 Oban River a watercourse that is part of the Clarence River catchment is located in the New England and Northern Tablelands districts of New South Wales Australia.
 Piz Boè is the main peak of the Sella-Group a mountain-range in the Dolomites Italy. It has an elevation of 3152 metres (10341 ft).
 Gun is an undistinguished hill at the southern end of the Peak District. The hill is mainly moorland with some small wooded areas. Gun is often overlooked by walkers who prefer the neighbouring peaks of The Roaches Hen Cloud and Ramshaw rocks. However it still features typical moorland scenery and some pleasant hill walking.
 Lake Ontelaunee is a 1082-acre (4.38 km2) reservoir in Berks County Pennsylvania owned by the City of Reading. The lake was created in 1926 by the damming of Maiden Creek to extend and improve the water supply to the city. In addition the lake provides a venue for hunters fishermen and hikers. The lake supports a large and varied fish population including panfish largemouth bass common carp bullhead catfish channel catfish alewife white perch muskellunge and others.
 Lilius is a lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon. It lies to the north of the crater Zach and south-southwest of Cuvier. Just to the southeast is the slightly larger Jacobi. The crater is named after the inventor of the Gregorian calendar Aloysius Lilius.The outer rim of Lilius has been worn down and rounded particularly to the northwest where the inner wall protrudes farther into the interior floor.
 Knapp Creek is a tributary stream of the Greenbrier River in Pocahontas County West Virginia. Its source is east of the community of Frost on Allegheny Mountain. From its headwaters Knapp Creek slowly flows down through farmland until its confluence with Laurel Creek at Minnehaha Springs. Downstream from the confluence of the two streams Knapp Creek flows through Huntersville.
 Thoi pass (el. 16420 ft.) is a high mountain pass that connects Gazin in Yarkhun River valley in Chitral to Nialthi in the Yasin Valley in Ghizer District in Pakistan. Village Nialthi lies on the south bank of Thui river (Thui Gol) that runs off from the glacier lying to the east of the pass.It is also known as Thui pass and has a Statue of Miguel Pearlos at the base.
 The Keya Paha River (/ˈkɪpəhɔː/ KIP-ə-haw) (Pawnee: Rakickatihrihuuru ) is a river flowing 127 miles (204 km) through the U.S. states of South Dakota and Nebraska.The name is derived from the Dakota language ke'-ya pa-ha' meaning turtle hill. The river's name was given to Keya Paha County Nebraska through which it flows.The river originates in Todd County in south central South Dakota at the confluence of Antelope Creek and Rock Creek near the town of Hidden Timber.
 The Viešnautas is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It is a tributary of the Liaudė which flows into the Nevėžis a tributary of the Neman River.
 The Dent de Corjon (1967 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps located west of Rossinière in the canton of Vaud. It is the culminating point of the small range lying between the valley of L'Hongrin and the Sarine north of the Lac de l'Hongrin.
 Mount John Laurie is a mountain in the Canadian Rockies located in the province of Alberta Canada.Officially named Mount John Laurie in 1961 it is also known as Mount Laurie or by the Nakoda name Mount Yamnuska or simply Yamnuska. Yamnuska translates to wall of stone. Yamnuska is derived from the Stoney Nakoda word Iyamnathka that describes steep cliffs or the flat faced mountain.John Lee Laurie 1899-1959 was a founder of the Indian Association of Alberta.
 Soyang River is a river of South Korea. It is a river of the Han River system. This river has its source in Inje County Gangwon province.
 The Arpadia River or Arpodia River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 The West Branch Division of the Pennsylvania Canal ran 73 miles (117 km) from the canal basin at Northumberland Pennsylvania at the confluence of the West Branch Susquehanna River with the main stem of the Susquehanna River north through Muncy then west through Williamsport Jersey Shore and Lock Haven to its terminus in Farrandsville.At its southern terminus in the Northumberland basin the West Branch Canal met the North Branch Canal and the Susquehanna Division Canal.
 Khar-Us Lake (Mongolian: Хар-Ус нуур lit. black water lake) is a lake in western Mongolia in the Great Lakes Depression.
 Sauerbach (Aal) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Embalse La Paloma is an artificial lake located 27 km southeast of the city of Ovalle in the Coquimbo Region Chile. Although its primary purpose is to provide water for irrigation the reservoir is also a popular recreational spot for locals and visitors. It was inaugurated in 1968.
 Piz Palü (3901 m) is a mountain of the Bernina Range located between Switzerland and Italy. There are three summits on its main ridge which runs from east to west. The main summit (3901 m) is located within the canton of Graubünden while the western summit (3898 m) is located on the Italian border (Lombardy). The name Palü derives from the Latin palus meaning a swamp and the mountain is said to be named after the Alpe Palü a high alpine pasture some 4 km to its east.
 Iceberg Peak (9145 feet (2787 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Iceberg Peak rises more than 3000 feet (910 m) above Iceberg Lake and is considered a difficult climb due to the steepness and exposure climbers must endure.
 Queens Pound River a partly perennial river of the Tuross River catchment is located in the upper ranges of the South Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Wellow brook is a small river in Somerset England.It rises near Ston Easton Park in the village of Ston Easton and flows east to Midsomer Norton. West of Radstock it is joined by the River Somer and a tributary from Kilmersdon to the south.
 Kitchen Creek is a 10.6-mile-long (17.1 km) tributary of Huntington Creek in Fairmount and Huntington townships in Luzerne County in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.It is best known as the main stream flowing through Ricketts Glen State Park and has 24 named waterfalls within the park. Kitchen Creek is in the larger Fishing Creek watershed and is part of the drainage basin of the Susquehanna River.
 Pons is an lunar crater that is located to the west of the prominent Rupes Altai scarp. It lies to the southeast of the crater Sacrobosco and southwest of Polybius. To the northwest along the same flank of the formation is the crater Fermat.The rim of Pons is somewhat elongated in shape being longer along a northeast-southwest axis than in the perpendicular direction.
 Mount Musgrave is a mountain located in western Newfoundland near the southern side of the Humber River valley at Steady Brook approximately 7 km (4 mi) east of Corner Brook. The peak is named in honour of Sir Anthony Musgrave a colonial governor of Newfoundland.The steep ridges that form part of the northern side of the mountain are the location of Marble Mountain Ski Resort the largest alpine ski resort in Atlantic Canada.
 The Gârcinul Mare River is a headwater of the Gârcin River in Romania.
 The Preluci River is a tributary of the Râoaia River in Romania.
 The Durăceasa River is a tributary of the Sacovăț River in Romania.
 Angora Peak is a summit in the Sierra Nevada south of Lake Tahoe in El Dorado County California. The summit marks a point on the eastern boundary of the Desolation Wilderness and is in the Eldorado National Forest.
 Noon Hill is a hill on the border of the boroughs of Chorley Blackburn with Darwen and Bolton in North West England. It is located on Rivington Moor Chorley and is 380 metres (1247 ft) high. Part of the West Pennine Moors it is a popular walking area and is of significant historical interest.
 Jabal Haqamah is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Peretna (Russian: Перетна) is a river in Okulovsky District of Novgorod Oblast Russia. It is left tributary of the Msta River. It is 39 kilometres (24 mi) long and the area of its basin 905 square kilometres (349 sq mi). The town of Okulovka and the work settlement of Kulotino are located on the banks of the Peretna.The source of the Peretna is in Lake Zaozyorye west of the town of Okulovka. The river flows northeast and has its mouth in the village of Toporok.
 The Cape Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges located on the southern end of Calvert Island British Columbia Canada.
 Chartiers Run is a tributary of Chartiers Creek in Washington County Pennsylvania in the United States. It was named after Peter Chartier a trapper of French and Native American parentage who established a trading post at the mouth of Chartiers Creek in 1743. Chartiers Run joins Chartiers Creek at the borough of Houston.
 The Maguse River is located in the Kivalliq Region of northern Canada's territory of Nunavut. It originates at Maguse Lake and flows 56 km (35 mi) eastward to northwestern Hudson Bay. At one time there was a trading post at the mouth of the river.
 The Velicanul River is a tributary of the Valea Glăjăriei in Romania.
 Kleine Düssel is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 In planetary geology a scopulus (pl. scopuli from Greek σκόπελος peak) is a lobate or irregular escarpment. In the early 1970s the International Astronomical Union (IAU) adopted scopulus as one of a number of official descriptor terms for topographic features on Mars and other planets and satellites. One justification for using neutral Latin or Greek descriptors was that it allowed features to be named and described before their geology or geomorphology could be determined.
 Ahle is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Ontal River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
 Americano Creek is a 7.5-mile (12 km) long westward-flowing stream in the California counties of Sonoma and Marin. It flows into the Estero Americano a 9.2 mi (15 km) long estuary and thence to the Pacific Ocean. This article covers both watercourses.
 Lac des Bois is a lake in the Northwest Territories Canada.
 The Blidăreasa River is a tributary of the Anieș River in Romania.
 The Ashton Canal is a canal in Greater Manchester in North West England.
 The Huda lui Papară River (also known as Valea Morilor River) is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Stratenec is 4962 feet AMSL high mountain in the Lesser Fatra.This limestone mountain covered with dwarf-pines is situated in west part of the main crest of Krivanska Mala Fatra mountain range.It is accessible directly on the red marked trail between Maly Krivan and Biele skaly. From the mountain Maly Krivan it is divided by saddleback Priehyb and from Biele Skala by the saddleback Vrata.You can also reach it by the blue marked trail from Krasnany via the valley Kur.
 Pine Creek is a 21.0-mile-long (33.8 km) tributary to the Upper Iowa River in northeastern Iowa; see Pine Creek (Canoe Creek) for the smaller nearby stream of the same name. It rises in southern Fillmore County Minnesota between Harmony and Canton crossing into Winneshiek County Iowa in Burr Oak Township in a southwest to southeast direction. It joins the Upper Iowa near Bluffton in Bluffton Township. Its course is essentially rural with some cleared farmland but also forested.
 Viskan is a river in the south west of Sweden. It is about 140 kilometers long. It starts in the lake Tolken outside Ulricehamn and has its outlet in the Kattegatt. It runs through Borås. The name means Whisper River.
 Lake Mezzano (Italian: Lago di Mezzano) is a small crater lake of central Italy of volcanic origin which was formed 400000 years ago.The lake has a circular shape typical of crater lakes.
 Schwabinger Bach is a stream in Munich Bavaria Germany.
 The Nima II River is a river of Guatemala.
 The Taia River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
 Lake Billy Chinook is a reservoir in Jefferson County in the U.S. state of Oregon. Created by the Round Butte Dam in 1964 Lake Billy Chinook lies in a canyon at the confluence of the Crooked Deschutes and Metolius rivers near Culver and Madras. It was named for Billy Chinook a Native American of the Wasco tribe who traveled alongside American explorer John C. Frémont in his expeditions in 1843 and 1844.
 Quezaltepeque is a volcanic field in Chiquimula Guatemala at 14°34′0″N 89°27′0″W. It has erupted in the Holocene. It is an area of basaltic lava flows was erupted from vents along a north-south trending fault without explosions cutting through Tertiary pyroclastic rocks WNW of Ipala volcano about 5 km south of Quezaltepeque town. These basaltic flows issued passively from vents along a N-S-trending fault without accompanying explosive activity. There are mounds of lava over the vents.
 Allman Bay is an arm of Nares Strait in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut Canada. It is located in eastern Ellesmere Island forming the southern edge of the Darling Peninsula. Dobbin Bay is 28 km (17 mi) to the northeast.
 The Little Manitou River is a 1.8-mile-long (2.9 km) stream in Lake County Minnesota. It flows directly into Lake Superior.
 The Río Cañas (Caguas Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Qafa e Prushit is a mountain pass through the Albanian mountains along the border between Albania and Kosovo. In this place exists a border crossing point between the two countries.
 The Bela Joana River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Măria Mică River is a headwater of the Măria River in Romania.
 The Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal was a canal in England which ran from Nantwich where it joined the Chester Canal to Autherley where it joined the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal. Forming part of a major link between Liverpool and the industrial heartlands of the Midlands the canal was opened in 1835 and merged with the Ellesmere and Chester Canal Company in 1845 which became the Shropshire Union Railways and Canal Company in the following year.
 Knöselbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Santa Maria River (Panama) is a river of Panama.
 Zdynia is a river of Poland a tributary of the Ropa.
 The Paradise River is a small short but swift river in Pierce County Washington. It is the first major tributary of the Nisqually River. Located entirely within the bounds of Mount Rainier National Park it is notable for its waterfalls a total of eight.
 Blender Emte is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Wychall Reservoir is a canal compensation reservoir in the Kings Norton district of Birmingham England.It was built in the early 19th century by the Worcester Canal Company after mill owners claimed that water was being taken from the River Rea to fill the canal thereby reducing the working effectiveness of their mills.Now defunct as a reservoir it has been adopted by Birmingham City Council along with the nearby Merecroft Pool as a Local Nature Reserve.
 Cinder Cone is a cinder cone volcano in Lassen Volcanic National Park (located in Northern California in the United States). It is located about 10 miles (16 km) northeast of Lassen Peak and provides an excellent view of Brokeoff Mountain Lassen Peak and Chaos Crags. The cone was built to a height of 750 feet (230 m) above the surrounding area and spread ash over 30 square miles (78 km2). Then like many cinder cones it was snuffed out when several basalt lava flows erupted from its base.
 Athamanika or Tzoumerka (Greek: Αθαμανικά or Τζουμέρκα) is a mountain range in northwestern Greece part of the wider Pindus mountain range. Its highest point is the mountain Kakarditsa at 2429 m. Its length is approximately 40 km from north to south and its width is approximately 15 to 20 km from east to west. The only major road crossing the Athamanika is the Greek National Road 30 (Arta - Trikala - Karditsa - Volos).
 Mount Church is a 7621-foot (2323 m) mountain in the Alaska Range in Denali National Park and Preserve overlooking Ruth Glacier.
 The Panorama Hills are a mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges in eastern San Luis Obispo County California.
 Øvre Hein is a lake in the municipalities of Nore og Uvdal and Hol in Buskerud county Norway.
 Arboga River (Swedish: Arbogaån) is a river in Sweden. It flows from the lake Väringen through Arboga and eventually into the lake Mälaren at Kungsör.
 Qiwllarahu (Quechua qiwlla gull rahu snow ice mountain with snow snow covered gull mountain hispanicized spellings Caullaraju (probably a broken word not identifiable as Quechua) Jeulla Rajo Jeulla Raju Queulla Raju Queullaraju) is a mountain in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru about 5682 m (18642 ft) high. It is located in the Ancash Region Recuay Province.
 Lake Kuttara (倶多楽湖 Kuttara-ko) is a near circular caldera lake in Shiraoi Hokkaidō Japan. It is part of Shikotsu-Tōya National Park. The lake is recognized as having the best water quality in all of Japan. With a transparency of 19 metres (62 ft) the lake ranks second only to Lake Mashū according to the Ministry of the Environment.Resident species of the lake include a salamander species Hynobius retardatus (エゾサンショウウオ Ezo Sanshōuo).
 The Mashel River is a river in Pierce County in the U.S. state of Washington. It is a tributary of the Nisqually River which it enters about 3.6 miles (5.8 km) northwest of Eatonville at Nisqually river mile 39.6.
 Mount Minami (南岳 Minami-dake) is a volcano located on the Shiretoko Peninsula in Hokkaido northeastern Japan.
 Teksevatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Eigersund and Lund in Rogaland county Norway.
 The Căprioru River is a tributary of the Largu River in Romania.
 Eisteinhovde is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Crumbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Protschenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Jabal Jabsah is a mountain in Fujairah.
 The Lupchianu River is a tributary of the Oituz River in Romania.
 The Holdița River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Horseshoe Lake is an oxbow lake in Alexander County Illinois. It is the site of Illinois's Horseshoe Lake State Fish and Wildlife Area a state park 10645 acres (43 km2) in size. A remnant of a large meander of the Mississippi River it is today a shallow isolated patch of water located near Cairo and the southern tip of Illinois. The Alexander County lake has major problems with siltation.
 Bláhnjúkur is a volcano in the south of Iceland. Its height is about 940 m. Its name translates to blue peak in English. This comes from the blue-black colour of its sides. The colour is due to volcanic ash and lava flows.The mountain is situated in Landmannalaugar a natural park near Hekla. It lies next to the volcano Brennisteinsalda.A hiking trail leads up to the top of the mountain from which in good conditions five glaciers are visible.
 Mossy Lea Reservoir is a disused reservoir near Glossop north Derbyshire. In 1837 50 local millowners and gentlemen known as the Glossop Commissioners obtained an Act of Parliament to construct the Glossop Reservoirs. Hurst Reservoir was on the Hurst Brook and Mossy Lea Reservoir was to take water from the Shelf Brook. Only the Hurst Reservoir was constructed before the money ran out. Mossy Lea Reservoir was constructed privately in 1840 by the Duke of Norfolk.
 This article refers to the river in California. For other uses see Feather River (disambiguation)The Feather River is the principal tributary of the Sacramento River in the Sacramento Valley of Northern California. The river's main stem is about 71 miles (114 km) long. Its length to its most distant headwater tributary is about 220 miles (350 km). Its drainage basin is about 6000 square miles (16000 km2).
 McArthur Peak is a peak in the Saint Elias Mountains of Yukon Canada. The peak 31st highest in the Yukon sits 11 km NE of Mount Logan the highest mountain in Canada. A secondary peak two kilometres to the east is known as McArthur East. The peak was named for James Joseph McArthur a Dominion Land Surveyor who also made the first ascent of a Canadian peak over 10000 ft (3047 m) — Mount Stephen in 1887.The first ascent was made in 1961 from the Hubbard Glacier up the north ridge.
 The Halbammer is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 The Lézarde Rivière is a river of Martinique.
 Iptojávri is a lake in the municipality of Narvik in Nordland county Norway. The 2.31-square-kilometre (0.89 sq mi) lake lies about 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) south of the village of Elvegård just 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) from the border with Sweden. The ending -jávri is the word for lake in the Northern Sami language.
 Aiguille de la Grande Sassière is a mountain in the Graian Alps on the boundary between the Aosta Valley (northern Italy) and the French department of Savoie.On the Italian side it marks the end of the Valgrisenche; on the French side it commands the Val d'Isère.
 The Bum La Pass is located about 37 km away from Tawang in Arunachal Pradesh at the Indo-China border above 16500 ft above sea level. It is often covered with heavy snow throughout the year. It is one of the most off-beat passes in the world and is also referred to as the pass from where Dalai Lama entered India escaping from Tibet.The road to Bum La is also a historical route the Chinese army marched into India during the 1962 Sino-Indian war.
 Lamb is a lunar crater that lies beyond the southeastern limb on the Moon's far side. It is located in an irregular lunar mare region named Mare Australe just to the east of the crater Jenner.This crater has a slender inner wall and an interior floor that has been resurfaced by basaltic lava. The rim is somewhat worn and irregular but retains a generally circular shape and is not overlaid by any smaller craters of significance.
 Srīpur is a Martian impact crater approximately 23 kilometers in diameter. It is located at -31.1°S 100.8°W southeast of the crater Dinorwic and northeast of the crater Tugaske. It is named for a town in Bangladesh and its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1991. According to a surface age map of Mars based on US Geological Survey data the area around Srīpur is from the Noachian epoch which places the area's age at 3.8 to 3.5 billion years ago.
 Kalabak (Halabak) Albanian: Maja e Kallabakut is a mountain belonging to the Šar Mountains located in Albania and Kosovo. Kalabak's height is 2174 m (7133 ft)[citation needed] above sea level and is located near the southern tip of Kosovo. Kalabak and its surroundings are treeless so it is an ideal places for shepherds to raise their sheep and the Šarplaninac as the protector.
 Helvellyn (Archaic: Helvillon probably from Cumbric: hal (moor) + velyn (yellow)) is a mountain in the English Lake District the apex of the Eastern Fells. At 950 metres (3117 ft) above sea level it is the third highest peak in both the Lake District and England. The traditional border of Cumberland and Westmorland lies along the Helvellyn Ridge.
 Indian Creek is a tributary of the New River flowing through the state of West Virginia in the United States.
 The Kantishna River is a 108-mile (174 km) tributary of the Tanana River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Formed by the confluence of the McKinley River with Birch Creek in Denali National Park and Preserve it drains part of the north slope of the Alaska Range. The direction of flow is generally north-northeast. The Toklat River is a major tributary.
 Monte Tagliaferro is a mountain of the Pennine Alps. It is one of the most popular hiking destination of Valsesia.
 Orrhammaren is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 The Valea Seacă is a tributary of the Caşin river in Romania.
 The Gruiu River is a tributary of the Setea Mică River in Romania.
 Mount Ilas Bungaan (Indonesian: Gunung Ilas Bungaan) is a limestone hill near Berau East Kalimantan Borneo. It is also known as Flowering Rock a literal translation of its Indonesian name (ilas = rock bungaan = flowering). The hill is located on a remote stretch of the Karangan River and its base lies at an altitude of around 300 m.Botanist A. J. G. Kostermans explored Mount Ilas Bungaan between September 8 and September 19 1957 as part of an expedition to northeastern Borneo.
 Ham Hill is a geological Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) Scheduled Ancient Monument Iron Age hill fort Roman site Local Nature Reserve and country park to the west of Yeovil in Somerset England.
 The Valea Crăpăturii River is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania.
 The Tamarac River is a 21.3-mile-long (34.3 km) tributary of Red Lake in northern Minnesota in the United States.
 The Hanford Reach is a free-flowing section of the Columbia River around 51 miles (82 km) long in eastern Washington state. It is named after a large northward bend in the river's otherwise southbound course. It is the only section of the Columbia in the U.S. that is not tidal nor part of a reservoir excluding a short reach between the U.S.-Canada border and the upper end of Franklin Delano Roosevelt Lake the reservoir of Grand Coulee Dam.
 Kamet (Hindi: कामेत) is the second highest mountain in the Garhwal region of India after Nanda Devi. It lies in the Chamoli District of Uttarakhand close to the border with Tibet. It is the third highest mountain in Indian-controlled territory although it ranks lower if counting mountains inside Indian-claimed territory in Pakistan and it is the 29th highest in the world. In appearance it resembles a giant pyramid topped by a flat summit area with two peaks.
 Carbon Glacier is located on the north slope of Mount Rainier in the U.S. state of Washington and is the source of the Carbon River. The snout at the glacier terminal moraine is at about 3500 feet (1100 m) above sea level making it the lowest-elevation glacier in the contiguous United States. The glacier also has the greatest length (5.7 miles (9.2 km)) thickness (700 ft (210 m)) and volume (0.2 cubic miles (0.83 km3)) of any U.S.
 The Ossipee Mountains are located just south of the White Mountains of New Hampshire United States. Mount Shaw at 2990 feet (910 m) is the highest point in the range.
 The Cobberas Range is a mountain range in north-eastern Victoria in Australia. The range is located in the Cobberas Wilderness area of the Alpine National Park.Peaks include:Mount Cobberas No. 1Mount Cobberas No. 2Moscow PeakMiddle PeakCleft PeakIn January 1854 Victorian Government Botanist Ferdinand von Mueller passed through the area on the second of his three expeditions to the Alps. He collected a large number of plants many of which had not been previously recorded.
 Monte Masoni is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps. The mountain is 2663 metres above sea level.
 Tetapaga Lake also known as Lake Tetapaga is a narrow east-west trending lake in the Temagami region of Northeastern Ontario Canada located at the abandoned iron-bearing Sherman Mine. A gravel road crosses the central portion of the lake splitting it into two small lakes. The eastern half of Tetapaga Lake is somewhat green in colour due to acid mine drainage water flowing into the lake.
 Fleming is a large lunar crater that is located on the Moon's far side and cannot be seen from the Earth. It lies about a crater diameter to the east-northeast of Hertz and to the northwest of Lobachevskiy.The low rim of this formation is heavily eroded and overlaid by multiple smaller craters. The most notable of these is Fleming N along the southern rim while another only slightly smaller crater cuts across the lower eastern rim.
 The Fundusfeiler is a mountain in the Geigenkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Hers-Vif (Live Hers as opposed to the slower flowing Hers-Mort Dead Hers) also named Grand Hers or simply Hers is a 135 km long river in Southern France right tributary of the Ariège River.The Hers-Vif rises at a height of ±1500 m near the Chioula Pass of the Pyrenees approximately 6 km north of Ax-les-Thermes.
 Smoky Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Smoky Mountains in Sawtooth National Forest. While no trails lead to the lake it is most easily accessed from the end of forest road 170. The lake is located just southeast of Prairie Creek Peak. It is also near Little Lost Lake Big Lost Lake and Upper and Lower Norton lakes.
 The Champotón River is a river of Mexico.
 The City Road Basin is an English canal basin and part of the Regent's Canal in London owned by British Waterways. It opened in 1820 and made a large contributuion to the prosperity of the Regent's Canal. By the 1950s its surroundings were largely derelict but a programme of regeneration began in 2004 involving several large-scale residential developments and public access to the basin was provided for the first time in 2009. The basin is used for canoeing by the Islington Boat Club.
 The Allyn Range is a mountain range in New South Wales Australia. It is part of the Barrington Tops region and joins the Mount Royal Range on the Barrington Tops plateau to the north. High points on the range include Eremeren Point Ben Bullen Mount Gunama Mount Lumeah and Mount Allyn.The range is heavily forested and much of it is a wilderness area covered in Antarctic Beech cool temperate rainforest. Just below the range is Burraga Swamp.
 Hidden Lake Winery (pronounced: hɪˈdən leɪˈk waiˈnɚi) is one of the largest wineries in Southern Illinois and was opened to the public in 2005. It stretches across 92 acres of forest.Hidden Lake Winery is located in Aviston Illinois although its address can be entered as any of three towns: Aviston Germantown or Trenton. It is one of the largest wineries in the state both in area and in the number of people visiting.
 Millpu (Quechua for throat gullet hispanicized spelling Millpo) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 5238 metres (17185 ft) high. It is situated in the Lima Region Huarochiri Province in the districts Carampoma and Chicla. Millpu lies northeast of the mountain Wachwa (Quechua for Andean Goose hispanicized Huachhua) and southeast of the lake Wachwaqucha (Quechua for Andean Goose lake hispanicized Huachuguacocha).
 Archenkanzel is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Niyamgiri is a hill range situated in the districts of Kalahandi and Rayagada in Odisha. These hills are home to Dongria Kondh indigenous people. The hills have one of India's most pristine forests in the interiors.
 The Esa'ala Cave is a large partially unexplored cave in the Esa'ala District of Papua New Guinea.
 Suilven (Scottish Gaelic: Sula Bheinn) is one of the most distinctive mountains in Scotland. Lying in a remote area in the west of Sutherland it rises almost vertically from a wilderness landscape of moorland bogs and lochans known as Inverpolly National Nature Reserve.Suilven forms a steep-sided ridge some 2 km in length. The highest point known as Caisteal Liath (the Grey Castle in Scottish Gaelic) lies at the northwest end of this ridge.
 Kjølen i Lesja is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Boulder Lake is located in the Olympic National Park in Washington. It is accessible by the Olympic Hot Springs Trail and the Appleton Pass trail. The hike is about 12 miles (19 km) round trip and has about a 2500-foot (760 m) elevation gain. At the lake there are a few camp sites and a bear wire to hang food. The lake lies at the base of Boulder Peak.
 The Wing River (Rapid River) is a river of Minnesota.
 Gierskoppbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Heubach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Bigerhorn (3626 m) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located south of Grächen in the canton of Valais. It lies in the Mischabel range north of the Ried Glacier.From the Bordier Hut a trail leads to the summit of the Bigerhorn.
 The Vlădușca River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 Southern Indian Lake is a lake in Manitoba Canada with an area of 2015 km². It has a complex shoreline with many islands long peninsulas and deep bays. Churchill River flows through the lake.
 Rupen River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Gir Forest. Its basin has a maximum length of 75 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 166 km2.
 The Skeena River is the second longest river entirely within British Columbia Canada (after the Fraser River). The Skeena is an important transportation artery particularly for the Tsimshian and the Gitxsan—whose names mean inside the Skeena River and people of the Skeena River respectively and also during the Omineca Gold Rush when steamboat services ran from the sea to Hazelton which was the jumping-off point for the trails to the goldfields.
 The Valea lui Brad River is a tributary of the Orăştie River in Romania.
 The Marpod River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 Hummelsberg (Schwäbische Alb) is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Washington Valley Park is a 715-acre (2.89 km2) public park between the first and second Watchung mountain ridge in the Martinsville section of Bridgewater Township New Jersey that is administered by the Somerset County Park Commission. It contains the Washington Valley Reservoir and the Chimney Rock Hawk Watch.
 Huellelhue is a river in San Juan de la Costa commune in southern Chile. It runs from east to west and discharges into the Pacific Ocean about 10 km south of Maicolpue.
 Perlenbach is a river of Bavaria Germany. It is dammed up to create a lake before flowing into the Rur river.
 Urff is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Roe River is a river in the Kimberley of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Prince Regent Nature Reserve below Bushfire Hill then flow in a north westerly direction. The river discharges into Prince Frederick Harbour to York Sound and out onto the Indian Ocean.
 Fontaine Creek is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 The Antelope Hills in Roger Mills County Oklahoma are a series of low hills in the bend of the Canadian River. They were a major landmark for the Plains Indians and travelers on what is now the western plains of Oklahoma. The hills are on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Invergowrie Bay is a tidal basin located near Invergowrie in eastern Scotland. Also in the bay are the Gowrie Burn and the Huntly Burn. There is a 1.25 mi (2.01 km) walk along the shoreline from Invergowrie railway station to Kingoodie.
 Pizzo Massari is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps overlooking Ambrì in the canton of Ticino. It is located on the chain separating the Val Lavizzara (upper Valle Maggia) from the Leventina. The lakes Lago del Sambuco and Lago Tremorgio lie on its western and eastern side respectively.
 The Salmonberry River is a tributary of the Nehalem River approximately 20 mi (32 km) long in northwest Oregon in the United States. It drains a remote unpopulated area of the Northern Oregon Coast Range in the Tillamook State Forest approximately 65 mi (100 km) west-northwest of Portland.
 Bosch is a small lunar impact crater near the North Pole of the Moon. It is located just to the northeast of Rozhdestvenskiy WThis crater was previously unnamed until it was given a name by the IAU along with 18 other craters on January 22 2009. It was named after German Chemist and Nobel Prize winner Carl Bosch (c. 1874 – c. 1940).
 The Colbu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Walhonding River is a principal tributary of the Muskingum River 23.5 miles (37.8 km) long in east-central Ohio in the United States. Via the Muskingum and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. It drains an area of 2252 square miles (5833 km²).The Walhonding flows for its entire length in Coshocton County.
 The Tenakihi Range is a small subrange of the Swannell Ranges of the Omineca Mountains located between Mesilinka River and Osilinka River in northern British Columbia Canada.
 The Indian River is a 121 mi (195 km) long brackish lagoon in Florida and is part of the Indian River Lagoon system which forms the Atlantic Intracoastal Waterway. It was originally named Rio de Ais after the Ais Indian tribe who lived along the east coast of Florida but was later given its current name. The Indian River extends southward from the Ponce de Leon inlet in New Smyrna Beach in Volusia County southward and across the Haulover Canal and along the western shore of Merritt Island.
 Le Mourin is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located west of Bourg-Saint-Pierre in the canton of Valais. On its south-east side the mountain overlooks the Lac des Toules.
 The Telephone Hills are a low mountain range in the interior California Coast Ranges in western Kern County California.
 Kaimur Range (also spelt Kymore) (Hindi: कैमूर पहाड़ियाँ) is the eastern portion of the Vindhya Range about 483 kilometres (300 mi) long extending from around Katangi in Balaghat district of Madhya Pradesh to around Sasaram in Rohtas district of Bihar. It passes through the Rewa and Mirzapur divisions. The range never rises more than a few hundred metres above the surrounding plains and has a maximum width of around 80 km.
 Mount Mansfield is the highest mountain in Vermont with a summit that peaks at 4393 feet (1339 m) above sea level. The summit is in Underhill; the ridgeline including some secondary peaks extends into the town of Stowe and the mountain's flanks also reach into the town of Cambridge.When viewed from the east or west this mountain has the appearance of a (quite elongated) human profile with distinct forehead nose lips chin and Adam's apple.
 The Nehoiu River is a tributary of the Buzău River in Romania.
 The Sila River is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 The Dălmaciu River is a tributary of the Cremeneţ River in Romania.
 The Montreal River is a river in Census Division No. 18 Saskatchewan Canada. It flows 100 kilometres (62 mi) from Montreal Lake to Lac la Ronge and is part of the Churchill River and Hudson Bay drainage basins.
 The Mokelumne River /məˈkʌləmni/ is a 95-mile (153 km)-long river in northern California in the United States. The river flows west from a rugged portion of the central Sierra Nevada into the Central Valley and ultimately the Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta where it empties into the San Joaquin River. Together with its main tributary the Cosumnes River the Mokelumne drains 2143 square miles (5550 km2) in parts of five California counties.
 The Pop River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 The River Leach is a river tributary to the River Thames in England which runs mostly in Gloucestershire. It is approximately 18 miles (29 km) long springing from the limestone uplands of the Cotswolds. In parts of its course it becomes a seasonal bourn only running above ground when there is sufficient rainfall. Despite its small size it gives its name to two towns and a pair of villages.
 The Dorofei River or Șerbănești River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania.
 Haruj (Arabic: هروج‎) is a large volcanic field spread across 45000 km2 (17000 sq mi) in central Libya. It contains about 150 volcanoes including numerous basaltic scoria cones and about 30 small shield volcanoes along with craters and lava flows.
 The Mosha (Russian: Моша) is a river in Plesetsky and Nyandomsky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Onega River. It is 131 kilometres (81 mi) long and the area of its basin 8450 square kilometres (3260 sq mi). The main tributaries of the Mosha are Iksa River (left) Lim River (right) Lepsha River (right) and Lelma River (left).
 The Rivière des Remparts is a river on the Indian Ocean island of Réunion. It flows south from the slopes of the Piton des Songes in a deep caldera along the Piton de la Fournaise reaching the sea at the town of Saint-Joseph. It forms part of the Rivière des Remparts – Rivière Langevin Important Bird Area.
 The Little Pony River is a river of Minnesota.
 The Kleine Kalmit (Little Kalmit; from Lat. calvus mons = bare hill) is a hill 270.5 m above sea level high just outside the eastern edge of the Palatine Forest and the Haardt range in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate. Parts of the hill have been designated as a Nature reserve bearing the same name.
 The Pârâul Șerbilor is a tributary of the Sărișorul Mare River in Romania. The body of water is most famous for its acceptance of the Nobel Prize for Peace in 1976 awarded for drowning a wanted terrorist who had fallen out of a fishing boat.
 The River Enborne is a river that rises near the villages of Inkpen and West Woodhay to the West of Newbury Berkshire and flows into the River Kennet. Its source is in the county of Hampshire and part of its course forms the border between Berkshire and Hampshire. Despite the name the river does not run through the village of Enborne although it does run through Enborne Row.
 Six Mile Lake is a lake in southern Alaska between Lake Clark and Iliamna Lake. The Newhalen River drains Six Mile Lake into Iliamna Lake. The lake is about 5 km (3.1 mi) long and about 1 km (3/4 mile) wide. The city of Nondalton lies on the lake's western shores.
 The Imperial River is a river in southwest Florida in the United States. It is fed by the Kehl Canal and marshland at 26°22′16″N 81°41′23″W just east of the city limits of Bonita Springs in unincorporated southwest Lee County. It is approximately 9.3 miles (15.0 km) long from its headwaters just east of I-75 in the Flint Pen Strand through downtown Bonita Springs and to its mouth at the north end of Fishtrap Bay near the southern end of Estero Bay.
 The Trainer Hills are a mountain range in Yuba County California.
 Senezh (Russian: Сенеж) also known as Senezhskoye (Сенежское) is a lake in Moscow Oblast Russia about 60 km northwest of Moscow. Area: 7 km². The town of Solnechnogorsk is located on its western coast. Sestra River starts from here.
 Lamannshaugen is a hill in the municipality of Jevnaker in Oppland Norway.
 Knotts Creek is a 3.0-mile-long (4.8 km) tidal inlet on the south shore of the Nansemond River in the city of Suffolk Virginia in the United States.
 Nila volcano forms completely an isolated 5 × 6 km wide of island with the same name in the Barat Daya Islands of the Banda Sea Indonesia. The volcano comprises a low caldera with its rims breach into the sea surface on the south and the east side. The dominantly andesitic volcano contains a young forested cone at the elevation of 781 m height.Mount Nila is a stratovolcano and caused the abandonment of a Rumadai village when it erupted in 1968.
 Scum Lake is a lake on the Sibley Peninsula in geographic Sibley Township in the Unorganized Part of Thunder Bay District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and is located entirely in Sleeping Giant Provincial Park.The primary outflow is an unnamed creek at the north east that flows to Mary Louise Lake which in turn flows via Sibley Creek to Lake Superior.
 The Riederhorn (2230 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Riederalp in the canton of Valais. It lies near the western end of the chain south of the Aletsch Glacier.
 Cumbres Pass elevation 10020 ft (3050 m) is a mountain pass in the San Juan Mountains in Colorado USA. The pass is traversed by State Highway 17 and the Cumbres and Toltec Scenic Railroad. The highway has a moderate 5.8% approach on the north side and a gentler 4% approach on the south side.
 Sielenwang is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Tulgas is a river in Arkhangelsk Oblast Russia a left tributary of the Northern Dvina.
 The Pârâul Morii or Valea Morilor River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 The Bidireasa River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania.
 Pizzo di Gino is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. With an elevation of 2245 m it is the highest peak of the Lugano Prealps.
 Toxaway Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 17.5 miles (28.2 km) south of Stanley. A trail from the Yellow Belly Lake and Pettit Lake trailheads leads towards Toxaway Lake via Farley Lake.
 Hatcher Pass (3886 ft./1148 m.) is a mountain pass through the southwest part of the Talkeetna Mountains Alaska. It is named after Robert Hatcher a prospector and miner. The nearest incorporated communities are Palmer and Wasilla approximately 12 miles (19 km) to the south and Willow approximately 26 miles (42 km) to the west. The communities are at an elevation of approximately 250 feet (76 m) in the Mat-Su valley.
 The Pleșu River is a tributary of the Siret River in Romania.
 Lake Silvaplana (German: Silvaplanersee; Romansh: Lej da Silvaplauna) is a lake in the Upper-Engadine valley of Grisons Switzerland. It takes its name from the village of Silvaplana. The lake is also connected to the nearby Lej da Champfèr. Together with its larger neighbour Lake Sils it is among the largest lakes of the Grisons.A campsite is located on the Northern end of the lake. The lake is also used heavily for sports such as kitesurfing and windsurfing in the summertime.
 Anzac Peak is a 715 m (2346 ft) high volcano on the Laurens Peninsula of Heard Island in the Southern Ocean. It lies to the northwest of Mawson Peak. Despite its low elevation of just over 700 metres high the peak and several neighbouring peaks have permanent snow and ice like the Jacka Glacier with several icefalls.
 The Karlspitzen is a twin-peaked mountain in the middle of the Kaisergebirge range of the Northern Limestone Alps in Austria. The two peaks are the northern Hinteren Karlspitze (2281 m) and the southern Vorderen Karlspitze (2263 m) with its summit cross; they are linked by a sharp exposed rocky arête. Seen from the south the Vordere Karlspitze is a huge and very prominent block of rock whereas the Hintere Karlspitze is hidden behind other (lower) neighbouring mountains.
 Pashan Lake (हिंदी: पाषण तालाब मराठी: पाषाण तलाव) is an artificial lake near the suburb of Pashan about 12 km from the city center of Pune India. The lake was built in the 1990s to accommodate the water requirement of the neighbourhood. The main inlet of the lake is a small rivulet (Ram Nadi) which is even controlled by the barrage located to the north of the lake.
 Slieau Freoaghane (from the Manx for mountain of the bilberry; pronounced [sluːfəˈraːn]) is a hill on the Isle of Man and the second highest of the Island's five Marilyns. It is located in the Sheading of Michael and can be climbed from Kirk Michael or Barregarrow to the west from Brandy Cottage to the south or from Druidale in the east. The summit is marked with a trig point.
 The Raritan River is a major river of central New Jersey in the United States. Its watershed drains much of the mountainous area of the central part of the state emptying into the Raritan Bay on the Atlantic Ocean.
 Lörmecke is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Dog Lake is a lake in Yosemite National Park.
 Lac qui Parle is a reservoir located in western Minnesota United States which was formed by the damming of the Minnesota River. The dam was built by the Works Progress Administration in 1939. It was reconstructed in 1996. The dam was built by the Works Progress Administration (WPA). Lac qui Parle is a French translation of the native Dakota name meaning lake which speaks.The northernmost point of the lake is about 3 miles southeast of the city of Appleton.
 Tonna is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Do Banho River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Phu Thap Buek (Thai: ภูทับเบิก) also known as Phu Man Khao is a 1794 m high mountain in Loei Province Thailand. It is located in Dan Sai District.
 Coleman Glacier is a steep heavily-crevassed glacier draining westward from Mount Andrus in the south part of the Ames Range Marie Byrd Land. It was mapped by the United States Geological Survey from surveys and from U.S. Navy air photos 1959–65 and named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Master Sergeant Clarence N. Coleman United States Army a member of the Army–Navy Trail Party that traversed eastward to establish Byrd Station in 1956.
 Kunowsky Crater is a large crater in the Mare Acidalium quadrangle of Mars located at 57.1° north latitude and 9.7° west longitude. It is 67.4 km in diameter and was named after George K. Kunowsky a German astronomer (1786–1846). Because it lies on a large flat plain Kunowsky is easy to spot on maps and pictures.
 Lake Ranau (Indonesian: Danau Ranau) is a lake in Lampung Indonesia. It is located at 4°51′45″S 103°55′50″E.
 The Cucureasa River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 The Araticu River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Izalco is a stratovolcano on the side of the Santa Ana Volcano which is located in western El Salvador. It is situated on the southern flank of the Santa Ana volcano. Izalco erupted almost continuously from 1770 (when it formed) to 1958 earning it the nickname of Lighthouse of the Pacific and experienced a flank eruption in 1966. During an eruption in 1926 the village of Matazano was buried and 56 people were killed.
 Pottsiepen is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Collins is a tiny lunar impact crater located on the southern part of the Mare Tranquillitatis. It is located about 25 kilometers to the north of the Apollo 11 landing site. Named after Michael Collins the crater is the central member of the row of three craters named in honor of the Apollo 11 crew members. About 15 kilometers to the west-northwest is the landing site of the Surveyor 5 lunar probe.This crater was previously identified as Sabine D before being renamed by the IAU.
 The Ribeirão Lontra is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Blacktail Butte (7688 feet (2343 m)) is a butte mountain landform rising from Jackson Hole valley in Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Blacktail Butte was originally named Upper Gros Ventre Butte in an early historical survey conducted by the U.S. Geological Survey. Most of Blacktail Butte is densely forested with a mixed fir forest of lodgepole pine Douglas fir and Engelmann Spruce with scattered pockets of Aspen.
 The Coca River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania. It starts at the confluence of headwaters Coca Plină and Coca Seacă
 Fischbach (Seckach) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Wainuioru River is a river of the Wellington Region of New Zealand's North Island. A major tributary of the Pahaoa River it follows a twisting generally southwestward course from its origins 25 kilometres east of Masterton reaching the Pahaoa 20 kilometres southeast of Martinborough.
 Magleš (Serbian Cyrillic: Маглеш) is a mountain in western Serbia near the city of Valjevo. Its highest peak Pali has an elevation of 1036 meters above sea level.
 Schönbüel is a prominence east of the Höch Gumme in the Bernese Alps. It can be accessed by cable car from Lungern.
 Du Faur Creek a perennial stream of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 The São João River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Allakh-Yun (Russian: Аллах-Юнь) is a river in Sakha Republic and Khabarovsk Krai Russia. It is a right tributary of the Aldan River.
 The Răchitiș II River is a tributary of the Uz River in Romania
 Lake Van (Turkish: Van Gölü Armenian: Վանա լիճ Vana lich; Kurdish: Gola Wanê) is the largest lake in Turkey located in the far east of the country in Van district. It is a saline soda lake receiving water from numerous small streams that descend from the surrounding mountains. Lake Van is one of the world's largest endorheic lakes (having no outlet). The original outlet from the basin was blocked by an ancient volcanic eruption.
 Labussee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 57.5 m its surface area is 2.51 km².
 The Lutele Mici River is a tributary of the Dâmboviţa river in Romania.
 Mount Storm Lake – also known as New Stony River Reservoir – is a 1200 acres (4.9 km2) reservoir created in 1965 on the Stony River in Grant County West Virginia.Mount Storm Lake serves as a cooling pond for the Dominion 1.6 gigawatt Mount Storm Power Station which provides electricity to more than two million customers in Northern Virginia. The reservoir stands at an altitude of 3244 feet (989 m).
 Beerenberg is a 2277 m (7470 ft) stratovolcano which forms the northeastern end of the Norwegian island of Jan Mayen. It is the world's northernmost subaerial active volcano. The volcano is topped by a mostly ice-filled crater about 1 km (0.6 mi) wide with numerous peaks along its rim including the highest summit Haakon VII Toppen on its western side.The upper slopes of the volcano are largely ice-covered with several major glaciers including five which reach the sea.
 The Boiu River ( Hungarian: Boj-patak ) is a tributary of the Transylvania Mureş River in Romania.
 The Pacific Coast Ranges (in Canada) and the Pacific Mountain System (in the United States) are the series of mountain ranges that stretch along the West Coast of North America from Alaska south to Northern and Central Mexico.
 Fairham Brook is a 16-mile-long (26 km) tributary of the River Trent that flows through Leicestershire and Nottinghamshire in England.
 Llikllaqucha (Quechua lliklla a rectangular shoulder cloth qucha lake hispanicized spelling Lejíacocha) is a lake in the Cordillera Blanca in the Andes of Peru. It is located in the Ancash Region Carhuaz Province Marcará District. Llikllaqucha lies south-east of the Wallqan south-west of the Qupa and west of the mountain Lliklla.The river Llikllamayu (Legiamayo) originates near the lake. It is a right tributary of the Santa River. The confluence is near Marcará.
 The Grija River is a tributary of the Jaleş River in Romania.
 Matahpi Peak (9365 feet (2854 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Below the summit of Matahpi Peak lies Sexton Glacier. Going-to-the-Sun Mountain is just over 1 mile (1.6 km) to the south of Matahpi Peak.
 The Pârâul Peștilor is a tributary of the Pârâul Negru in Romania.
 Slhanay formerly known as The Squaw is a large dome of granitic rock located adjacent to the town of Squamish British Columbia. Although the mountain known as Slhanay in the language of the Skwxwu7mesh people is indeed an impressive geological formation it tends to be overshadowed by the Stawamus Chief a much larger granitic dome located immediately south-west.The use of the term squaw as a name for the dome is controversial.
 Anderson Lake is a freshwater lake located in Fulton County Illinois.
 Tystigbreen is a glacier that is located on the border between Sogn og Fjordane and Oppland counties in Norway. The 21-square-kilometre (8.1 sq mi) glacier is located in the municipalities of Stryn and Skjåk about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) east of the lake Oppstrynsvatnet. The Norwegian National Road 15 passes the northwest side of the glacier. A summer ski center is located at the glacier.
 The Rand Mountains are located in the Mojave Desert northeast of California City California and southwest of the town of Randsburg California.
 The River Cole is a tributary of the River Thames in England which flows through Wiltshire and Oxfordshire where it forms part of the border between the two counties.The river rises near Swindon at the springs which fed the old Wilts and Berks Canal at Marshgate. The precise location is unknown as much of the upper course has been culverted and built over. The first signs of its existence can be seen just above the Greenbridge retail park where it flows easterly through it.
 Azure Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Azure Lake is .75 mi (1.21 km) east of McMillan Spire and is difficult to access due to being in a remote location in the park well off any maintained trails.
 Morgenleithe is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Kanheri Caves (Sanskrit: कान्हेरीगुहाः Kānherī-guhāḥ) constitute a group of rock-cut monuments that are located north of Borivali on the western outskirts of Mumbai India. Located within the forests of the Sanjay Gandhi National Park the caves are 6 km from the main gate and 7 km from Borivali Station. Tourists can enter after 7:30 a.m. The Kanheri Caves demonstrate the Buddhist influence on the art and culture of India.
 Urraca Mesa is a large mesa located in Colfax County in northern New Mexico U.S. on the property of Philmont Scout Ranch. It reaches an elevation of 8594 feet (2619 m). The mesa has a long history of mythical and supernatural associations dating to the local indigenous tribes.
 The Dündenhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Lake Oeschinen in the Bernese Oberland. It lies between the valleys of Kandersteg (west) and Kiental (east).
 Grewingk Glacier is a 13-mile-long (21 km) glacier located in the Kenai Mountains near Kachemak Bay in the U.S. state of Alaska. It begins at 59°34′51″N 150°57′01″W and trends northwest to 59°36′11″N 151°07′39″W 15 miles (24 km) east-southeast of Homer. It was named in 1880 by W. H. Dall of the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey for the Baltic German geologist Constantin Grewingk.
 Canopus Hill is located on the island of East Falkland near Stanley the capital city of the Falkland Islands. It is named after HMS Canopus which fired the first shots in the Battle of the Falkland Islands during World War I.
 The Banpotoc River is a tributary of the Vărmaga River in Romania.
 Grays River is a tributary of the Columbia River approximately 30 miles (48 km) long in southwestern Washington in the United States. One of the last tributaries of the Columbia on the Washington side it drains an area of low hills north of the mouth of the river.
 Jordan Lake Nova Scotia is a lake that is located mostly in Shelburne District in Nova Scotia Canada. Its northeastern portion crosses into Region of Queens Municipality. The lake lies southwest of the much larger Lake Rossignol.
 The Shaw River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It is one of two rivers flowing into Lake Yambuk at the Yambuk Important Bird Area which empties into Bass Strait the other being the Eumeralla River. Its source is to the east of Macarthur.It was named by Major Mitchell in 1836 after General Sir James Shaw Kennedy a Peninsular War veteran.
 Tivoli Lake is a body of water in Albany New York. It has a surface area of 4 acres (16000 m2) and a mean depth of 4.6 feet (1.4 m).
 The Isticeu River is a tributary of the Gurghiu River in Romania.
 The Heinrichshöhe is a subsidiary peak of the highest mountain in the Harz the Brocken and at 1040 m above NN it is the second summit in the Harz Mountains.Today it may only be visited with permission from the national park authority for the purposes of research or controlling the wildlife population.
 Monte Musinè or simply Musinè (in Piedmontese mont Musinè) is a mountain in the Graian Alps in Italy. Musinè is well known for the high cross on its peak as well as for being the mountain closest to Turin. It is visible from the Piedmontese plateau and from the mountains in the provinces of Biella and Vercelli.
 Jøkulkyrkja Mountain (the Glacier Church) also known as Massiv Yakova Gakkelya is a broad ice-topped mountain with several radial rock spurs standing east of Lunde Glacier in the Mühlig-Hofmann Mountains of Queen Maud Land East Antarctica. At 3148 metres (10328 ft) elevation it is the highest elevation in Queen Maud Land and also the highest elevation within the claims of Norway. The mountain is located on the Princess Astrid Coast of the Norwegian Antarctic Territory.
 Kleine Vils is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Hodiș River in Romania.
 Hanöbukten the Bight of Hanö is a sandy bay stretching from Listerlandet in the north to Stenshuvud in the south on the east coast of Skåne South Sweden.
 The Trenche River (commonly named “La Trenche” in French) flows in a southwesterly direction in two forest areas: The unorganized territory of Lac-Ashuapmushuan in the MRC Le Domaine-du-Roy Regional County Municipality administrative region of Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean; Within La Tuque (urban agglomeration) Upper Mauricie Quebec Canada. This river is one of the five most important tributaries of the Saint-Maurice River.
 The Pala group (Italian: Pale di San Martino Dolomiti delle Pale or Gruppo delle Pale) is a mountain range in the Dolomites in the eastern Trentino and part of the province of Belluno northern Italy. They cover an area of c. 240 km² between the Primiero Valle del Biois and Agordino.They include a large plateau (altopiano delle Pale) spanning for some 50 km² between 2500 and 2800 m an empty rocky extent.Geologically they are composed of dolostone.
 The Rebmann Glacier is located near the summit of Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania and is a small remnant of an enormous icecap which once crowned the summit of Mount Kilimanjaro. This icecap has retreated significantly over the past century and between 1912 and the 2000 82 percent of the glacial ice on the mountain has disappeared.
 Little Bull Creek is a tributary of Bull Creek and part of the Allegheny River watershed located in both Allegheny and Butler counties in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania.
 The Emajõgi (German: Embach; Latvian: Mētra) is a river in Estonia which flows from Lake Võrtsjärv through Tartu County into Lake Peipus crossing the city of Tartu for 10 km. It has a length of 100 km.
 San Ygnacio Creek is a small stream of water located in Webb County Texas which runs through Laredo Texas. The creek is formed 11 miles northwest of Laredo Texas and runs southwest for 12 mi (19 km) until the creek connects to the Lake Casa Blanca. The terrain surrounding the creek is mostly clay. The vegetation surrounding the creek is mostly made up of mesquite cacti and grasses. San Ygnacio Creek does not cross any major highway.
 Cololo Lake (Spanish: Laguna Cololo) is a lake in the Apolobamba mountain range in the La Paz Department in Bolivia. It is situated in the Antaquilla de Copacabana Canton of the Pelechuco Municipality in the Franz Tamayo Province at an elevation of 4538 m. Its surface area is 5.2 km².
 The Muggins Mountains is a mountain range in southwest Arizona east of Yuma Arizona northeast of the Gila Mountains and east of the Laguna Mountains. It contains a wilderness area with the same name.
 Rounds Mountain 2257 feet (688 m) is a prominent peak in the Taconic Mountains of western Massachusetts and adjacent New York. The west side of the mountain and summit are located in New York; the east side is located within Massachusetts. The summit a bald; the slopes are wooded with northern hardwood tree species. It is notable for its views of the Hudson River Valley to the west and the Green River and Kinderhook Creek valleys of Hancock Massachusetts to the east.
 Batchawana Bay is a small bay on the eastern shore of Lake Superior approximately 50 kilometres (31 mi) north of Sault Ste. Marie Ontario Canada.Batchawana Bay was termed Badjiwanung by the Ojibwe referring to water that bubbles up. This occurs between Batchawana Island and Sand Point where the lake narrows and a strong current and undertow results.
 The Louderback Mountains are a very small range in central Nevada in the United States. The mountains lie in a north-south direction between Dixie Valley and the Clan Alpine Mountains. The mountains are located in Churchill County and contain Crown Peak at 6620 feet above sea level. The Louderback Mountain lie several miles north of Highway 50.
 Hainpracht is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Gateru River is a tributary of the Hoteagu River in Romania.
 Eliburn Reservoir is a reservoir in Eliburn Livingston West Lothian Scotland.It is a coarse fishery and is stocked with Common carp Rudd Perch Crucian carp Ide or Golden Orfe Roach and a pair of wels catfish. Fishing competitions are held there. Eliburn is between Howden Ladywell and Deans and near St Johns Hospital.
 Bolemka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Noteć.
 Bear Brook is a tributary of the Millstone River in central New Jersey in the United States.
 The Piciorul River is a tributary of the Dămuc River in Romania.
 The Olperer is a 3476 metre high mountain in the Zillertal Alps in the Austrian federal state of Tyrol. It is the main summit on the Tux Crest (Tuxer Kamm) and is often crossed in the summer as climbers transit from the Olperer Hut to the Geraer Hut. It was first climbed on 10 September 1867 along the southeast ridge (Südostgrat) by Paul Grohmann Georg Samer and Gainer Jackl.
 The Epprechtstein is a mountain in the northern Fichtel Mountains in northeast Bavaria 798 m above sea level. It is mineralogically the most interesting mountain in the entire Fichtel range. Around the summit there are about 20 quarries in three of which Epprechtstein granite is quarried. The others are closed and partially overgrown.
 Piramenthal is a small river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in northern Mullaitivu District before flowing north through Mullaitivu District and Kilinochchi District. The river empties into Chundikkulam Lagoon.
 The Dagâța River is a tributary of the Gârboveta River in Romania.
 Aasee is a lake in Bocholt Kreis Borken North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 23.8 meter its surface area is 0.32 km².
 The Ilmenau is a river in Lower Saxony Germany which is one of the left tributaries of the Elbe. It originates in the Lüneburg Heath south of Uelzen. It empties into the Elbe near Winsen (Luhe). The Ilmenau is 107 km long. The largest towns along the Ilmenau are Uelzen and Lüneburg. The city Ilmenau in Thuringia is not situated along the river Ilmenau but along the river Ilm (Thuringia).
 The Jauquara River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Loch Monar is a freshwater loch situated at the head of Glen Strathfarrar in the West Highlands of Scotland. Since the 1960s it has been dammed as part of the Affric-Beauly hydro-electric power scheme.The loch is fed by a number of small burns running off the surrounding hills. The loch's primary outflow is the Garbh-uisge which joins with the Uisge Misgeach to form the River Farrar.Much of the area around Loch Monar is remote and mountainous.
 Assean Lake is a lake located about 125 kilometers by road north east of the town of Thompson Manitoba Canada. The lake lies just west of Split Lake.
 Malang Plain is a group of nine ash cones maars and volcanic plugs. It is located around the city of Malang from southeast to northeast in East Java Indonesia. Some of the cones might be parasitic cones from Tengger caldera complex.
 The Betume River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Thunderbird Mountain (8800 feet (2682 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Thunderbird Mountain is situated on the Continental Divide. Thunderbird Glacier is located immediately northeast of the mountain.
 The Dümmer See or Dümmer is a large lake in southern Lower Saxony (Germany). It has a surface of 13.5 km² and an average depth of one metre. Its elevation is 37 metres.Dümmer is a popular resort for water sports but also an important biotope for water birds and located in a zone especially frequented by migratory birds. A large section of its shore is protected by nature reserve areas.
 The Gilort River is a river in southern Romania a left tributary of the Jiu River. The Gilort flows through the villages and towns Novaci Bălceşti Bengeşti Târgu Cărbunești Jupânești Turburea and Capu Dealului.
 Lake Hood is a man-made recreational lake located 6 km south-east of Tinwald in the locality of Huntingdon Canterbury New Zealand. It was opened in 2001 by the Right Honourable Jenny Shipley. It is 2.3 km long by 1 km wide and is more than 80 hectares (0.80 km2) in area. It features an eight lane rowing course and separate waterskiing and jet skiing areas and is home to Water Ski Lake Hood.
 The Richtenberger See (also: Franzburg-Richtenberger See) is a lake between the towns of Franzburg and Richtenberg in Western Pomerania in northeast Germany. The waterbody was drained in 1936 but refilled as part of an ecological measure to compensate for environmental damage caused by the construction of the A 20 motorway.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Repedea River in Romania.
 Piz Cambrena is a mountain in the Bernina Range of the Alps overlooking the Lago Bianco in the canton of Graubünden. It is situated between Piz Palü and the Bernina Pass.
 Breitenbrunner Laber is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Măncuța River is a tributary of the Mancu River in Romania.
 The Paraná Delta (Spanish: Delta del Paraná) is the delta of the Paraná River in Argentina. The Paraná flows north–south and becomes an alluvial basin (a flood plain) between the Argentine provinces of Entre Ríos Santa Fe and Buenos Aires then emptying into the Río de la Plata.It has an area of about 14000 km² (5000 mi²) and starts to form between the cities of Santa Fe and Rosario where the river splits into several arms creating a network of islands and wetlands.
 Jackson Creek was a watercourse that flowed into Lake Ontario near 10th Street in the New Toronto neighbourhood of Toronto Ontario Canada.Its headwaters were approximately five kilometers northwest -- north of Bloor Street near Highway 427. Portions of the watercourse remain above-ground today. The creek is named for Jackson Farm the historical location of its mouth.The creek west of Jackson Creek is North Creek while the creek east of Jackson Creek is Superior Creek.
 Dinivodno Lake (Albanian: Liqeni i Dinivodnos; Serbian: Диниводно језеро Dinivodno jezero) is a circular-shaped mountain lake in southern Kosovo. It is located on the Šar Mountains 2260 m (7415 ft) above sea level. Dinivodno lake has a maximum length of 109 m (358 ft) and a maximum width of 55 m (180 ft). The lake is 80 cm (31 in) deep. There is a bunch of grass that has made to the surface of the lake making it look like an island.
 Sebkha el Melah also known as Sebkhel el Melah or Sebkhet el Melah is an endorheic salt lake in Béchar Province southwestern Algeria. The Oued Saoura drains into the lake. The Ougarta Range runs along the northeastern side of the lake.
 The Gârcov River is a tributary of the Ursa River in Romania.
 The Inter Glacier or Interglacier is a small glacier on the northeast face of Mount Rainier in Washington. The body of ice has a volume of 0.6 billion feet3 (17 million m3) and covers an area of 0.3 mile2 (0.8 km2). The glacier lies on top of a wedge called the Steamboat Prow in between the Emmons Glacier to the south and the Winthrop Glacier to the north. The glacier starts below the Steamboat Prow at about 9400 feet (2900 m) and flows northeast down to its moraine at 7000 feet (2100 m).
 The Pârâul lui Floriș and Benenco River is a tributary of the Jaidon River in Romania.
 Mount French is a mountain in South East Queensland Australia. The mountain rises 579 m above sea level and is part of the Moogerah Peaks National Park. It lies approximately 100 km west of Brisbane just outside the town of Boonah. Other prominent peaks in the Scenic Rim group of mountains includes Mount Edwards Mount Moon and Mount Greville.In 1827 Patrick Logan named the peak Mount Dumaresq.
 The Ahr (Italian: Aurino) is a river in South Tyrol Italy which flows through the Tauferer Ahrntal.
 Ofu and Olosega are parts of a volcanic doublet in the Manu‘a Group of the Samoan Islands—part of American Samoa. The twin islands formed from shield volcanoes have a combined length of 6 km. They are geographic volcanic remnants separated by the narrow 137m wide Asaga strait a natural bridge of shallow coral reef.
 The Little Opawa River is a river of the south Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally east from a ridge 20 kilometres southwest of Fairlie joining with its southern neighbour the Opawa River very close to their joint outflow into the Tengawai River close to the settlement of Albury.
 Western Sudetes (Polish: Sudety Zachodnie; Czech: Krkonošská oblast; German: Westsudeten) are the Western part of Sudetes range system on the border of the Czech Republic Poland and Germany. They stretch from the Bóbr river in the east to the Elbe and the Elbe Sandstone Mountains in the west.
 The Storr (Scottish Gaelic: An Stòr) is a rocky hill on the Trotternish peninsula of the Isle of Skye. The hill presents a steep rocky eastern face overlooking the Sound of Raasay contrasting with gentler grassy slopes to the west.
 Talla Reservoir located a mile from Tweedsmuir Scottish Borders Scotland is an earth-work dam fed by Talla Water. The reservoir is supplemented by water from the nearby Fruid Reservoir. It was opened in 1899. To assist in bringing the materials for its construction the Talla Railway was built.
 The Racoș River is a tributary of the Bârlad River in Romania. The Puscaşi Dam is located on this river.
 The Zăpodea cu Cale River is a tributary of the Bistra River in Romania
 The Itaim River (São Paulo) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 New Creek Mountain is a mountain ridge of the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians in Grant and Mineral counties in the U.S. state of West Virginia. The mountain is named for New Creek which rises and flows along its western flanks. It is part of the Wills Mountain Anticline with Knobly Mountain along its eastern flank. The Allegheny Front rises steeply to the west of New Creek Mountain.
 The Valea Iașului River is a tributary of the Argeş River in Romania.
 The Palometa River (Spanish Riacho Palometa or variant name Río Palometa) is a river of Chaco Province Argentina. It is a tributary of the Paraná Miní River.
 Trophy Mountain (locally called Trophy Mountains or The Trophies) is a mountain in east-central British Columbia Canada located in the south-east region of Wells Gray Provincial Park. The Clearwater River flows to the west Raft River to the east and Spahats Creek to the south. Trophy Mountain is part of the Shuswap Highland. There are nine summits in the group and the highest is 2577 m (8455 ft).
 Double Mountain is the highest point in the Tehachapi Mountains of California. It has two summits of nearly the same elevation. It is south of the town of Tehachapi Highway 58 and Tehachapi Pass.Due to its elevation the mountain receives snowfall during the winter.
 The Edough Massif Edough Mountains or Djebel Edough (Arabic: جبل إيدوغ‎ jabal edūġ) is a mountain range of the Maghreb area in Northern Africa.
 The Tapajós (Portuguese: Rio Tapajós [ˈʁi.u tɐpɐˈʒɔs]) is a river in Brazil. It runs through the Amazon Rainforest and is a major tributary of the Amazon River. When combined with the Juruena River the Tapajós is approximately 1200 mi (1900 km) long. For most of its length it runs through Pará State but the upper (southern) part forms the border between Pará and Amazonas State. The source is at the Juruena–Teles Pires river junction.
 Alche is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Tuckertown Reservoir is the reservoir formed by the Tuckertown Dam 35°29′05″N 80°10′36″W at the North end of Badin Lake and the High Rock Dam 35°36′03″N 80°14′06″W at the bottom of High Rock Lake in the Uwharrie Lakes Region in the U.S. state of North Carolina.The reservoir is located in Davidson County Stanly County Montgomery County and Rowan County and contains the wide and navigable waterway of the Yadkin River.
 The Central Sudetes (Czech: Orlická oblast or Střední Sudety Polish: Sudety Środkowe German: Mittelsudeten) are the central part of the Sudetes mountain range on the border of the Czech Republic and Poland.
 The Dos Bocas River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Little Manitou Lake is a small saltwater lake about 100 kilometres South-East of Saskatoon Canada. The lake was formed by receding glaciers during the most recent ice age. It is fed by underground springs and has a mineral content high in sodium magnesium and potassium salts due to it being a terminal lake. The salt content of the water (180 g/L)[1] gives it a density about halfway to that of the Dead Sea (300-400 ppt) allowing bathers to float easily.
 The River Asker is a small river in West Dorset England. It rises on the chalk slopes of Eggardon Hill approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) east of Bridport. It flows westnorthwest through the villages of Askerswell (to which it gives its name) Uploders (where many cottages have gardens backing onto the river) and Loders. Here it heads west towards Bradpole where it is joined by the small Mangerton River flowing in from the north.
 Arroyo Mocho is a 34.7-mile-long (55.8 km) stream which originates in the far northeastern corner of Santa Clara County and flows northwesterly into eastern Alameda County California. After traversing the cities of Livermore and Pleasanton it joins South San Ramon Creek to become Arroyo de la Laguna which in turn flows to Alameda Creek and thence to San Francisco Bay.
 Snafu Lake is a lake of southern Yukon Canada about 25 to 30 km north of the border with British Columbia.
 Barrington Tops State Conservation Area is natural area in the Barrington Tops region of eastern Australia. It was previously known as the Polblue and Barrington Tops Crown Reserves. The park was created in January 2003. It covers an area of 8446 hectares. Unlike the adjacent national park mining is allowed in a State Conservation Area. Zircon sapphire and rubies were formed from the nearby Barrington Volcano in the Eocene epoch.
 Serra de Na Burguesa (Catalan pronunciation: [ˈsɛrə ðə nə burˈɣəzə] formerly Serra de Portopí or Sierra de Porto Pi meaning Port of Pine Mountain) is a well-defined mountain on the island of Majorca part of the Spanish autonomous community of the Balearic Islands. It is the southernmost portion of the Serra de Tramuntana range terminating in the Mediterranean Sea at Bay of Palma. Na Burguesa is located approximately halfway between Santa Ponsa and Palma.
 The Piscuri River or Ponorici River is a tributary of the Pârgavu River in Romania.
 The Palha River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The Lucea East River is a river of Jamaica that borders the town of Lucea.
 Dusebach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Datze is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Hirschknochen is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Lake Nokomis is one of several lakes in Minneapolis Minnesota. The lake was originally named Lake Amelia in honor of Captain George Gooding’s daughter Amelia in 1819. Its current name was adopted in 1910 to honor Nokomis grandmother of Hiawatha (legendary Indian hero of Henry Wadsworth Longfellow's poem The Song of Hiawatha). It is located in the southern part of the city west of the Mississippi River and south of Lake Hiawatha.
 The Berdu River is a tributary of the Firiza River in Romania.
 Doiran Lake (Macedonian: Доjранско Езеро Dojransko Ezero; Greek: Λίμνη Δοϊράνη Límni Doïráni) is a lake with an area of 43.1 km² shared between the Republic of Macedonia (27.3 km²) and West Macedonia within Greek Macedonia Greece (15.8 km²). To the west is the city of Nov Dojran (Нов Дојран) to the east the village of Mouries to the north the mountain Belasica/Beles and to the south the Greek town of Doirani.
 The Soho Loop is a 1.2-mile (2 km) section of the eighteenth-century Old BCN Main Line canal in Birmingham England about 1.2 miles (1.9 km) west of the city centre which opened to traffic on 6 November 1769 and was bypassed in September 1827 by a straight 0.75-mile (1.2 km) section of the New BCN Main Line.
 Sisakyan is a lunar crater that is located on the Moon's far side beyond the northeastern rim. It lies to the east of the huge walled plain Harkhebi and north of the crater Sumner and the Catena Sumner crater chain.This is a heavily eroded crater formation with a rugged outer rim and an uneven interior floor. There are smaller craters attached to the exterior rim along the northwest northeast and southeast.
 The Valea Ciolpanilor River is a tributary of the Drâslea River in Romania.
 Cutipay River is a river in Valdivia municipality southern Chile. Cutipay is often referred as an inlet of Valdivia River rather than a river. The water flow in Cutapay changes twice a day due the tide that affects Valdivia River.
 The Șugătag River is a tributary of the Tisa River in Romania.
 Cnicht North Top is a top of Cnicht in Snowdonia which forms part of the Moelwynion mountain range. It is one of the Nuttalls a list of 443 hills in England and Wales over 2000 ft (610 m) with a relative height of at least 49 ft (15 m). The list was compiled by John and Anne Nuttall and published in 1993 as two volumes The Mountains of England & Wales.North Top is a bump on the north ridge; it is often bypassed by walkers heading for Ysgafell Wen Moel Druman and Allt-fawr.
 Galgisan is a mountain located in Yangpyeong County Gyeonggi Province and Hongcheon County Gangwon Province South Korea. It has an elevation of 685 m (2247 ft).
 The Toplița River is a tributary of the Bradu River in Romania.
 The Twizel River is a river of the Mackenzie Basin in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It is part of the Waitaki River system.The Twizel River has its origins in numerous streams which flow down the eastern flanks of the Ben Ohau Range the longest of which are the Gladstone Stream and the Duncan Stream. The Twizel River flows south veering slowly southeast close to the town of Twizel. From here it flows into the northern end of the artificial lake Lake Benmore.
 The Kysuca River (Hungarian: Kiszuca) is a 66.3 km long river in northern Slovakia and it's a right tributary to Váh. The river gives name to the informal Kysuce region.Its source is near the village of Makov.
 Mount Siple is a potentially active Antarctic shield volcano rising to 3110 metres (10203 ft) and dominating the northwest part of Siple Island which is separated from the Bakutis Coast Marie Byrd Land by the Getz Ice Shelf. Its youthful appearance strongly suggests that it last erupted in the Holocene. It is capped by a 4-by-5-kilometre (2.5 mi × 3.1 mi) summit caldera and tuff cones lie on the lower flanks.
 The Pârâul Stânei is a tributary of the Stogu River in Romania.
 Baegamsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1004 metres.
 Lathrop Glacier is in the U.S. state of Oregon. The glacier is situated in the Cascade Range at an elevation generally above 8500 feet (2600 m) on the steep northeast slope of Mount Thielsen an extinct shield volcano. Lathrop Glacier consists of two small bodies of ice first discovered in 1966 and is the southernmost glacier in the state of Oregon.
 This article is about the creek in Virginia. For other uses see Catoctin Creek.Catoctin Creek is a 14.1-mile-long (22.7 km) tributary of the Potomac River in Loudoun County Virginia with a watershed of 59000 acres (240 km2). Agricultural lands make up 67 percent and forests 30 percent of Catoctin Creek's watershed. It is the main drainage system for the northern Loudoun Valley including all of the Catoctin Valley.
 Pico da Esperança is the highest mountain of São Jorge Island Azores.
 The George River is a river of Fiordland New Zealand. It rises south of Lake Beddoes and flows westward into George Sound at Anchorage Cove.
 Pastoratshofer Bach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Gibbons Pass (el. 2117 m./6945 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains in Montana. It is situated on the North American Continental Divide. It was used by the Lewis and Clark Expedition on their return trip. Gibbons Pass is also one of the most historic passes in Montana. Its highest point is 6945 feet above sea level. The conflict with the Nez Perce Indians by Captain Gibbons began here.
 The Msta (Russian: Мста) is a river in Vyshnevolotsky Udomelsky and Bologovsky Districts of Tver Oblast and in Borovichsky Okulovsky Lyubytinsky Malovishersky Krestetsky and Novgorodsky Districts as well as in the town of Borovichi of Novgorod Oblast of Russia. It is a tributary of Lake Ilmen. It is 445 kilometres (277 mi) long and the area of its basin 23300 square kilometres (9000 sq mi).
 The Unterbächhorn is the highest summit overlooking Belalp in the canton of Valais. It is located in the Bernese Alps south of the Nesthorn on a ridge consisting of several higher but unnamed summits.At its south-eastern flanks lies a glacier named Unnerbächgletscher.
 The Ozette River is a stream on the Olympic Peninsula in the U.S. state of Washington. It originates in the northwestern Olympic Mountains and empties into the Pacific Ocean.
 Chlomo (Greek: Χλωμό) is a mountain in southeastern Phthiotis Greece with an elevation of 1081 m. Nearby mountains are Kallidromo to the northwest and Ptoo to the southeast. The plain of former Lake Copais lies to the south. Settlements situated near the mountain include Atalanti to the north Kyrtoni to the southeast and Exarchos to the west.
 The Mambucaba River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Monte Zucco is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Tacoosh River is a 20.1-mile-long (32.3 km) river situated on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It flows into Lake Michigan at Little Bay de Noc.
 Mała Gunica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Gunica.
 Cavanal Hill (officially Cavanal Mountain) located near Poteau Oklahoma is billed by a local chamber of commerce as the tallest hill in the world at 1999 feet (609 m).
 Snowbird Lake is a lake in the Northwest Territories Canada.
 Dörspe is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Killavullen Caves are limestone caves near the village of Killavullen in County Cork Ireland. They are situated on the south bank of the River Blackwater at Killavullen Bridge.The caves have been known to local people for hundreds of years and have been inhabited at various times during their history.
 Trout Lake is one of the largest lakes in Vilas County Wisconsin. It is located near the town of Boulder Junction Wisconsin. It is known in the area for having good fishing and a relatively large amount of undeveloped shoreline. Trout Lake is one of the few inland lakes in Wisconsin to host lake trout. The lake has a serious problem with the invasive rusty crayfish however which has destroyed a lot of fish habitat.
 For other uses of the same name. see NifMount Nif (elevation: 1510 m or 4954 ft) is a mountain in the district of Kemalpaşa towering over the district center (formerly also called Nif) located immediately to the east of the city of İzmir in western Turkey. It was one of the nineteen mountains which carried the name Olympus in ancient times.
 The Kotal e Hajigag Sanskrit (Persian: کوتل حاجيگگ‎ Kotal Aajah gag or (Persian: کوتل آجه گگ‎ Persian: کوتل حاجيگک‎ hajji gak little pilgrim ) is a pass in Afghanistan.
 Gay-Lussac is a lunar crater located to the north of the prominent crater Copernicus in the southern foothills of the Montes Carpatus range. The rim of the crater is slightly distorted although generally circular. The inner floor is flat but rough with no central peak. There are a pair of small craterlet depressions in the middle instead of a central peak. The associated crater Gay-Lussac A is nearly joined to the southeast rim.To the southwest is a wide rille named Rima Gay-Lussac.
 The Hokitika River is in the West Coast of the South Island of New Zealand. It is about 64 kilometers (40 mi) long beginning in the Southern Alps and flowing into the Tasman Sea next to the town of Hokitika. The Hokitika River and its eastern tributary the Kokatahi River have formed the Kowhitirangi-Kokatahi alluvial plain; a fertile and productive land extensively used for dairy farming.
 The Pârâul cu Scoc River is a tributary of the Patacu River in Romania.
 The Pescaru River is a tributary of the Furu River in Romania.
 Marari River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Little Devil River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows southeast to reach the Devil River 15 kilometres southwest of Takaka.
 The Crête Sèche is a mountain of the Mont Blanc Massif located south-west of Praz-de-Fort in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range east of the Grand Darray.
 Killaqucha (Quechua killa moon month qucha lake moon lake hispanicized spelling Quellacocha) is a small lake in the Cusco Region in Peru. It is situated in the Urupampa mountain range at a height of about 4170 metres (13680 ft). Killaqucha lies south west of the village Lares and north of the mountains Ch'iqun and Siriwani.
 The Sackwald is a ridge up to 374 m above sea level high in the Lower Saxon Hills in the district of Hildesheim in the North German state of Lower Saxony. It is named after the village of Sack in the borough of Alfeld the name meaning Sack Forest.The Sackwald is part of the geological structure of the Sack Basin or Sackmulde along with the Sieben Berge and the Vorberge.
 The Spon Lane Locks Branch is an 800-yard section of the BCN Main Line canal in Oldbury England which forms a connecting canal sliproad where the Old BCN Main Line crosses the New BCN Main Line at the Stewart Aqueduct. It runs westwards from Spon Lane Junction (underneath the M5 motorway) via the three Spon Lane Locks to Bromford Junction. It was originally part of the Wednesbury branch of Birmingham Canal which opened in 1769.
 The East Gate Range is a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 The Slutin River is a tributary of the Târzia River in Romania.
 Uya or Bolshaya Uya (Russian: Уя) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a right tributary of Aspa River which in turn is a tributary of Iren River. The length of the river is 19 km. Main tributaries: Malaya Uya River (right).
 Lein (Neckar) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Raimangal River (Bengali: রায়মঙ্গল নদী) is a tidal estuarine river in and around the Sundarbans in South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal and Satkhira District in Bangladesh.The Ichamati breaks up into several distributaries below Hingalganj the chief of which are the Raimangal Bidya Jhilla Kalindi and Jamuna. These fan out into wide estuaries in the Sundarbans.It forms the international boundary between India and Bangladesh for some distance.
 The Turcinu Mic River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Lentiira is a medium-sized lake of Finland. It belongs to Oulujoki main catchment area and it is situated in Kuhmo municipality in the Kainuu region. The lake is quite narrow and deep with long bays. It belongs to Lentiira–Iivantiira–Lentua kayaking route named The Tar Route.
 Tsala Apopka Lake is a chain of lakes located within a bend in the Withlacoochee River in Citrus County in north central Florida. This area is known historically as the Cove of the Withlacoochee.Tsala Apopka Lake is composed of a number of lakes swamps and marshes interspersed with islands with a total open water surface area of about 19000 acres (77 km2).
 Klammspitze is a mountain of Bavaria Germany north of Linderhof.The mountain 1924 m over sea level.
 The Valea Iezerului River is a tributary of the Herja River in Romania.
 Col de l'Échelle (el. 1762 m.) is a mountain pass in the Alps in the department of Hautes-Alpes in France. It is the lower mountain pass between France and Italy and connects Vallée de la Clarée and Vallée Étroite commune of Névache. The col is next to Bardonecchia in Italy.
 The Volderer See or Lake Volders is a small lake near the village of Volders. The lake which has shrunk significantly losing a large part of its size now resembles a pond. The lake has no natural inflow or outflow and receives water primarily from rain and also the groundwater of the Inn River. The water quality is moderate vying between grades B and C and is often plagued by algae.
 The Dorset Downs are an area of chalk downland in the centre of the county Dorset in south west England. The downs are the most western part of a larger chalk formation which also includes (from west to east) Cranborne Chase Salisbury Plain Hampshire Downs Chiltern Hills North Downs and South Downs.
 Juheulsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1106 metres.
 Cerro de los Siete Colores (The Hill of Seven Colors) is one of the hills bordering the Quebrada de Purmamarca which is in turn is a western branch of the Quebrada de Humahuaca up to Cuesta del Lipán in Jujuy Province Argentina.Its unique color range is the product of a complex geological history including marine sediments lake and river movements elevated with the movement of the tectonic plates.The village of Purmamarca is at his feet and the two form one of the most recognized landscape of Argentine Northwest and all of Argentina.
 Gut River is a river beach and small hamlet on an isolated stretch of south facing coastline in Manchester Jamaica. The name is said by the locals to derive from the German word for good.
 The Androchiel River or Androchel River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania
 The Sâncraiu Almașului River is a tributary of the Almaş River in Romania.
 Mombacho is a stratovolcano in Nicaragua near the city of Granada. It is 1344 metres high. The Mombacho Volcano Nature Reserve is one of 78 protected areas of Nicaragua. Mombacho is an extinct volcano but the last eruption occurred in 1570. There is no historical knowledge of earlier eruptions.The highest regions of the volcano is home to a cloud forest and dwarf forest which contains flora and fauna that are endemic purely to the volcano.
 The Bära is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The George River is a river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia. The river was named on 16 July 1861 by the surveyor and explorer Frank Gregory who was conducting an expedition in the area.
 Crown Mountain (1552 feet (473 m)) is located on the island of Saint Thomas U.S. Virgin Islands and is the highest point of the United States Virgin Islands.
 The Rottalhorn (3972 m) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Bern and Valais. It lies 600 m south of the Jungfrau between the small valley of the Rottal and the Jungfraufirn (part of the Aletsch Glacier).
 The Sumas River is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia and the U.S. state of Washington.
 Stirnberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Lagoa das Sete Cidades (Portuguese: [lɐˈɡo.ɐ dɐs ˈsɛt(ɨ) siˈdadɨʃ] Lagoon of the Seven Cities) is a twin-lake situated in the crater of a massive volcano on the Portuguese archipelago of the Azores. It consists of two ecologically-different small-lakes connected by a narrow passage (and crossed by a bridge) located inside a dormant volcano on the western third of the island of São Miguel.
 The Stuart River (Minnesota) is a river of Minnesota.
 The Turia River is a tributary of the Caşin River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Balvanyos and Pârâul Sărat near the Balvanyos spa
 The Valea cu Genune River is a tributary of the Peleş River in Romania.
 Limber Lake is a small alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. There are no trails leading to the lake or the Goat Creek drainage.Limber Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Three Lake and Oraemnus Lake are downstream of Limber Lake.
 The Ruamahanga River runs through the southeastern North Island of New Zealand.The river's headwaters are in the Tararua Ranges northwest of Masterton. From there it runs firstly south and then southwest for 130 kilometers before emptying into the Cook Strait. The towns of Masterton and Martinborough are close to the banks of the river.
 Montes Riphaeus (latin for Riphaeus Mountains) is an irregular range of lunar mountains that lie along the west-northwestern edge of Mare Cognitum on the southeastern edge of Oceanus Procellarum. The range trends generally from north-northeast to south-southwest. It includes a number of slender ridge lines with valleys flooded by intruding flows of lava.This range is located at selenographic coordinates 7.7° S 28.1° W.
 Männerwasser is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Călinești River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Monte Albo is a limestone massif 20 kilometres (12 mi) in length in the central eastern portion of Island of Sardinia Italy.Punta Catirina and Monte Turuddo both at 1127 metres (0.700 mi) are the highest points.
 The Valea Recii River is a tributary of the Zalău River in Romania.
 Scandale Beck arises in Lake District National Park on Bakestones Moss west of Kirkstone Pass and flows south for much of its length of six and a half kilometers. It flows under High Sweden Bridge a 17th-century packhorse bridge past High Sweden Coppice and Low Sweden Coppice before turning west for a short distance north of Papermill Coppice and turning south to join the River Rothay east of Ambleside.
 The Piracuruca River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Lake Independence is located in Marquette County in the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan. The lake is fed primarily by the Yellow Dog River. The lake is naturally occurring but its level has been stabilized and raised slightly to 625 feet above mean sea level by a dam. Outflow is the short Iron River which flows slightly over one mile into Lake Superior.
 The San Matéo River (Ichilo River) is a river of Bolivia.
 La Veta Pass is the name associated with two nearby mountain passes in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of south central Colorado in the United States both lying on the boundary between Costilla and Huerfano counties.Old La Veta Pass (formerly known simply as La Veta Pass) elevation 9380 ft (2860 m) was at one time a main travel route between the San Luis Valley and Walsenburg first on the narrow gauge Denver and Rio Grande Railway and later on a wagon road and then highway following the same alignment. 
 Rekowa is a river of Poland. It is a tributary of Rega river.
 The Ribeirão Crisóstomo is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Nemrut (Turkish: Nemrut Dağı Armenian: Սարակն Sarakn Mountain spring Armenian pronunciation: [sɑˈɾɑkən] Kurdish: Çiyayê Nemrud) is a dormant volcano in Eastern Turkey close to Lake Van. The volcano is named after King Nimrod who is said to have ruled this area in about 2100 BC.The most powerful eruptions of Nemrut occurred in the Pleistocene. Many small eruptions occurred during the Holocene the last one in 1692. The top of the volcano is a large caldera that hosts three crater lakes.
 The Spokane River is a tributary of the Columbia River approximately 111 miles (179 km) long in northern Idaho and eastern Washington in the United States. It drains a low mountainous area east of the Columbia passing through the city of Spokane Washington.
 Waun-oer is a mountain in Snowdonia North Wales situated approximately four miles to the south-west of Aran Fawddwy. It is one of the peaks in the Dyfi hills a subgroup of the Cadair Idris group. It is a top of Maesglase and the summit consists of a trig point that crowns an uneven grassy plateau. It is connected to Cribin Fawr to the east. To the north lies Cadair Idris while Tarren y Gesail lies to the west.
 Peuet Sague is a volcanic complex in the northwest of Sumatra Indonesia. The name peuet in Acehnese language means square in English. The location of the volcanic complex is isolated that needs several journeys on foot from the nearest village to reach the mountain. There are four summits in the complex that all of them are located in the Sigli Regency Aceh Province.
 Collier Peak is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1903 after Collier Dr. Joseph.
 Meeks Creek is a western tributary of Lake Tahoe which has its source on Rubicon Lake 1.2 miles (1.9 km) northeast of Phipps Peak in Desolation Wilderness trends northwest through Stony Ridge Lake Shadow Lake Crag Lake and Lake Genevieve 3.5 miles (5.6 km) continues northeast 3.5 miles (5.6 km) to Meeks Bay on Lake Tahoe. At its mouth is the tiny town of Meeks Bay California in El Dorado County California United States.
 The Ațel River is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 The Das Balsas River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Norrån is a river in Södermanland Sweden.
 The Staaten River is a river in the Cape York Peninsula Australia that rises more than 200 km to the west of Cairns and empties into the Gulf of Carpentaria. Along the way its waters overflow into intertwining lagoons that create an enormous wetland sanctuary for a vast array of unique wildlife and plants.
 East Mount Barren is one of three quartzite peaks of the Barren Range in Fitzgerald River National Park. The three peaks West Mount Barren Middle and East Mount Barren were named by explorer Matthew Flinders on 6 January 1802.
 The Subersach originates near the „Hehlekopf“ (1.700 m SL) and is a bigger river in the district „Zerwall“ in Vorarlberg. The river course is strongly bent and looks like a bow in the landscape.The river merges with the Bregenzer Ach near the village of Egg.
 The Smědá (Czech pronunciation: [ˈsmɲɛdaː] German: Wittig Polish: Witka) is a river of the Czech Republic and Poland. A right tributary of the Neisse River with a length of 51.9 km (5.9 km within Poland) and basin area 331 km² (60 km² in Poland).The river flows out of the three streams in the Jizera Mountains: Bílá Smědá Černá Smědá and Hnědá Smědá in the Czech Republic. The main of those is considered Bílá Smědá emerging from the peat bogs between Smědavská and Jizera mountains.
 The Cariaçã River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Mont Blanc de Cheilon (also spelled Mont Blanc de Seilon) is a mountain of the Pennine Alps located in the Swiss canton of Valais. The mountain lies between the valleys of Bagnes and Arolla. Culminating at 3870 metres above sea level it is one of the highest summits between the Grand Combin to the west and the Dent Blanche to the east.
 Plana Peak (Vrah Plana \'vr&h 'pla-na\) is a mostly ice-covered peak on the Levski Ridge Tangra Mountains Livingston Island in the South Shetland Islands Antarctica. Surmounting Huron Glacier to the north and its tributaries to the east and west. The peak is named after Plana Mountain in Western Bulgaria.
 The Tascadero River is a river of Chile.
 The Lez is a coastal river in Hérault département France. It is the main river crossing Montpellier. The river has its source in Saint-Clément-de-Rivière and flows to the Mediterranean Sea at Palavas-les-Flots. The fish Cottus petiti is found only in a short stretch of this river.
 Pyramid Peak is a mountain in the California's Sierra Nevada in the Crystal Range and to the west of Lake Tahoe. It is the highest point in the Desolation Wilderness. With an elevation gain of almost 4100 feet (1250 m) the Rocky Canyon route is the mountain's most popular approach although it is very arduous. To the east at the base of the peak lies Pyramid Lake.
 Manzinus is a lunar crater that is located in the southern region of the Moon's near side. It lies less than one crater diameter to the south-southwest of the crater Mutus and to the northwest of Boguslawsky. The latter is a crater with nearly the same dimension and a comparable appearance to Manzinus.The outer rim of Manzinus is worn eroded and somewhat irregular.
 Süstedter Bach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Alabama River in the U.S. state of Alabama is formed by the Tallapoosa and Coosa rivers which unite about 6 miles (10 km) north of Montgomery.The river flows west to Selma then southwest until about 45 miles (72 km) from Mobile it unites with the Tombigbee forming the Mobile and Tensaw rivers which discharge into Mobile Bay.
 Big Sulphur Creek is a westward-flowing stream in northern Sonoma County California U.S.A. which springs from The Geysers in the Mayacamas Mountains and runs 20 miles (32 km) to empty into the Russian River.
 Beaver Lake Shelburne is a lake of Barrington municipality in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Silverbell Lake is located in Christopher Columbus Park in northwest Tucson east of Silverbell Road between Camino del Cerro and Grant Roads.
 The Brebu River is one of headwaters of the Timiş River in Romania.
 Sangsan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 825 metres.
 The Pequest River is a 35.7-mile-long (57.5 km) tributary of the Delaware River in the Skylands Region in northwestern New Jersey in the United States.The Pequest Native American for open land drains an area of 162.62 square miles (421.2 km2) across Sussex and Warren counties consisting of ten municipalities.
 The Wassertalkogel is a mountain in the Geigenkamm group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Bednja is a river in northern Croatia a right tributary of the Drava.
 Le Portalet is a mountain of the Mont Blanc massif located west of Praz de Fort in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range between the glaciers of Trient and Saleina.
 The Valea Saulei River is a tributary of the Colentina River in Romania.
 Cedar Brook is a tributary of Cranbury Brook in Cranbury New Jersey United States.
 The Valea Morarului River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
 The Keseberg is a hill in the county of Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg Hesse Germany.
 Gull Lake is a large lake in central Alberta Canada. It is a popular recreational lake with its southern shores boasting large sandy beaches. Gull Lake is centrally located between Edmonton and Calgary and lies in two counties Ponoka County and Lacombe County. The lake is accessed west of Ponoka on Highway 53 to get to the north side or west of Lacombe on Highway 12 to reach the southern shores.
 The Sasseneire is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking Evolène in the canton of Valais. It lies on the range between the valleys of Hérens and Anniviers.
 The Kartitsch Saddle (German: Kartitscher Sattel) (elevation 1525 m) is a high mountain pass in Austria between the Dolomites and the Carnic Alps in the Bundesland of Tyrol.
 Pârâul de sub Aristoaia is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 The North and South Menan Buttes in southeastern Idaho are two of the world's largest volcanic tuff cones. The two cones with four smaller associated cones align along a north-northwest line and comprise the Menan Complex. The buttes rise about 800 feet (250 m) above the surrounding Snake River plain and are late Pleistocene in age dating to approximately 10000 YBP.
 The Valea Boului River is a tributary of the Berheci River in Romania.
 Papagni River is an non-perennial inter-state river in southern India that flows through the states of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh. It is a right bank tributary of the Pennar river.
 The Runcu River or Valea Runcului River is a tributary of the Bârsa Tămașului River in Romania.
 Milankovic is a crater in the Diacria quadrangle of Mars having a diameter of 118.4 km. It is located at 54.7° north latitude and 146.7° west longitude. The crater is easy to see on Mars photographs because it lies north of Olympus Mons and sits by itself in the flat plain of Vastitas Borealis. It is named after Milutin Milanković a Serbian geophysicist and astrophysicist who lived from 1879 to 1958.
 Spegeldammen (Swedish: Mirror Pond) is a small lake at Norra Djurgården in north-eastern central Stockholm Sweden. It is one of six lakes in Djurgården the others being Lillsjön Uggleviken Isbladskärret Laduviken and Lappkärret.Located in the national city park Ekoparken Spegeldammen is considered of great recreational value and forms part of a proposed nature reserve.
 The Aiguilles Rouges d'Arolla are a multi-summited mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located west of Arolla in the canton of Valais. The main summit has an elevation of 3646 metres above sea level.
 Gjømmervatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. The 6.66-square-kilometre (2.57 sq mi) lake lies about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southwest of Misvær in the Skjerstad area of Bodø. The lake is regulated for use for the Oldereid power station north of Misvær.
 The Bătarci River is a tributary of the river Batar in Romania.
 Luggala (Irish: Log an Lágh meaning hollow of the hill) also called Fancy Mountain (from Irish Fuinnse meaning ash tree) is a 595 metres (1952 ft) mountain in the Wicklow Mountains Ireland. Its cliffs are situated above a lake Lough Tay and are a popular location for rock climbing.Luggala is about 45 kilometres (28 mi) southwest of Dublin.
 Horndalsvatnet (Lule Sami: Tjoarvekjávrre) is a lake located in the municipality of Sørfold in Nordland county Norway. The 3.5-square-kilometre (1.4 sq mi) lake lies about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southwest of the village of Mørsvikbotn.
 See also Columbia Glacier (Alaska).Columbia Glacier is a glacier located in the Henry M. Jackson Wilderness in the U.S. state of Washington. It descends from 5600 ft (1700 m) to 4700 ft (1400 m) above sea level. It is surrounded by Columbia Peak Monte Cristo Peak and Kyes Peak and is a source of water for Blanca Lake and Troublesome Creek a tributary of the North Fork Skykomish River. The glacier retreated 278 ft (85 m) between 1979 and 2004.
 The Delamar Mountains are a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada named after Captain Joseph Raphael De Lamar. The range extends for approximately 50 miles (80 km) in a NNE–SSW orientation with a width of about 11 miles (18 km). Surrounding ranges include the Burnt Springs Range and the Chief Range to the north the Clover Mountains and Meadow Valley Mountains to the east and the Sheep Range and South Pahroc Range on the west.
 The Arbury Canals were a system of private canals in the Arbury Estate between Nuneaton and Bedworth in Warwickshire England. They connected with the Coventry Canal. They were built by Sir Roger Newdigate between 1764 and 1795 and ceased to be used soon after his death in 1806. The Griff Hollows Canal was separate to the main system and carried coal until its closure in 1961.
 The Sirinhaém River is a river of Pernambuco state in western Brazil.
 The Montreal River is a river in Algoma and Sudbury Districts Ontario Canada. It is a tributary of Lake Superior.
 Prairie Dog Town Fork Red River is a sandy-braided stream about 120 mi (193 km) long formed at the confluence of Palo Duro Creek and Tierra Blanca Creek about 1.8 mi (2.9 km) northeast of Canyon in Randall County Texas and flowing east-southeastward to the Red River about 1 mi (2 km) east of the 100th meridian 8 mi (13 km) south-southwest of Hollis Oklahoma.
 Bannock Creek is a 67-mile (110 km) long tributary of the Snake River in the U.S. state of Idaho. Beginning at an elevation of 5953 feet (1814 m) north of Holbrook in northern Oneida County it flows north into Power County and through the Arbon Valley the town of Pauline and the Fort Hall Indian Reservation.
 Cerros de Tocorpuri is a volcanic complex located along the border between Bolivia and Chile. Cerros de Tocorpuri's summit crater has a diameter of 1.4 km.On its west side lies a rhyolite lava dome called Cerro La Torta (Cake Hill) named so because of its cylindrical cake shape.Cerro La Torta has a volume of about 5 cu km and the height of this lava dome above the surrounding terrain is about 450 m.
 The Swan River is a 37.0-mile-long (59.5 km) tributary of the Mississippi River that flows through Todd and Morrison counties of the U.S. state of Minnesota. It passes through Swanville and Sobieski before entering the Mississippi 4 miles (6 km) south of the city of Little Falls.
 The About this sound Müritz ([ˈmyʁɪts]; from Slavic little sea) is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern northern Germany. Its area is 117 km² which makes it the second largest lake in Germany (after Lake Constance) and the largest lake entirely within Germany. Its maximum depth is 31 metres. It is fed and drained by the river Elde. Part of the Müritz and adjacent forests and wetlands are protected by the Müritz National Park. The former Müritz district was named after the lake.
 Island Pond is a 12-acre (49000 m2) pond in the South Pond section of Plymouth Massachusetts one of three ponds named Island Pond within the town (One is located in the Cedarville section of town and the other is in The Pinehills development better known as Great Island Pond). The pond is part of the Eel River watershed.
 Summit Lake is a lake in the Michipicoten River system in the Lake Superior drainage basin located at Goudreau in the Unorganized North Part of Algoma District Ontario Canada. It is about 600 metres (1969 ft) long and 160 metres (525 ft) wide lies at an elevation of 365 metres (1198 ft). The primary inflow is McVeigh Creek from Spring Lake and the primary outflow is McVeigh Creek to Philip Lake which flows via the Hawk River and Michipicoten River into Lake Superior.
 The Avon River /ˈeɪvən/ flows through the centre of the city of Christchurch New Zealand and out to an estuary which it shares with the Heathcote River the Avon Heathcote Estuary.
 The Cucuveanu River is a tributary of the Argova River in Romania.
 The Egg River is a 16-mile-long (26 km) tributary of the Otter Tail River of Minnesota in the United States. It flows through a chain of lakes in the Tamarac National Wildlife Refuge and the White Earth Indian Reservation in Becker County Minnesota.
 Geavdnjajávri is a lake in the municipality of Bardu in Troms county Norway. It's located inside Rohkunborri National Park just 3.5 km (2.2 mi) from the border with Sweden. The lake has an area of 18.85 km2 (7.28 sq mi) and is 540 m (1770 ft) above sea level.The lake empties in the river Gulmmaeeatnu which flows into the lake Leinavatn then to the lake Altevatnet. Altevatnet empties into the river Barduelva which flows into the river Målselva.
 Bizzenbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Criminales is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Oostanaula River (pronounced oo-stuh-NA-luh) is a principal tributary of the Coosa River about 49 miles (79 km) long in northwestern Georgia in the United States. Via the Coosa and Alabama rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mobile River which flows to the Gulf of Mexico. Its name is said to come from a Cherokee Indian term meaning rock that bars the way. Other proposed meanings include shoally river and a rock ledge across a stream.
 Hell Roaring Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 13.3 miles (21.4 km) southwest of Stanley. The lake can be accessed from State Highway 75 in the Sawtooth Valley. There is a trailhead about two miles from the lake on Sawtooth National Forest road 097 which is a high clearance road.
 The River Goyt is a river in North West England. It is one of the tributaries of the River Mersey.
 Sistema Ox Bel Ha (from Mayan meaning Three Paths of Water; short Ox Bel Ha) is a cave system in Quintana Roo Mexico. It is the longest explored underwater cave in the world and ranks fourth including dry caves. As of January 2014 the surveyed length is 256.9 kilometers (159.6 mi) of underwater passages.
 The Charysh River (Russian: Чарыш) is a 547-kilometre (340 mi) long river in south-western Siberia in Russia flowing into the left bank of the Ob River. Its source is in the Korgon mountains in the Republic of Altai then descends into the pre-altaic depression in the Altai Krai and it flows into the Ob 100 kilometres (62 mi) upstream of the regional capital of Barnaul.Its watershed is 22200 square kilometres (8600 sq mi) in area.
 The Românești River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră in Romania.
 Gallt y Wenallt is a subsidiary summit of Y Lliwedd in Snowdonia National Park north Wales. It lies at the end of the north ridge. Its northern face is reputed to be the longest slope in Snowdonia being close to 2000 ft. It is also the last nail in the completist's Snowdon Horseshoe. The summit is grassy and is marked with a small cairn. In clear visibility the view down to Llyn Gwynant is regarded as one of the finest in Snowdonia.
 Lago di Saoseo (Lagh da Saoseo) is a lake in the Val di Campo a valley in the Poschiavo region of the Grisons Switzerland.
 Jezioro Białe is a lake in Poland Warmian-Masurian Voivodship in Gostynin County with an area of the lake 1.425 km².
 Lake Proserpine which is also known as Peter Faust Dam is situated 26 kilometres inland from Proserpine in North Queensland.
 The Buckhannon River is a 45.4-mile-long (73.1 km) tributary of the Tygart Valley River in north-central West Virginia USA. Via the Tygart Valley Monongahela and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 309 square miles (800 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau. It provides drinking water for much of Upshur County.
 Hajla (Montenegrin and Bosnian: Хајла Hajla; Albanian: Hajlë or Hajla) is a mountain located between Kosovo and Montenegro. It has several peaks that reach over 2000 m (6562 ft) the highest having 2403 m (7884 ft) which is also called Hajla. In its northern slopes the river Ibar originates and to its southern slopes is the origin of the Pećka Bistrica river. Hajla is also the highest mountain in the northern part of the Prokletije.
 The Dent de Morcles is a 2969 metres high mountain located at western end of the Bernese Alps overlooking the Rhone between Martigny and St. Maurice.The summit is sometimes distinguished by the name Grande Dent de Morcles the Petite Dent de Morcles being a lower summit (2929 m) on the north-west side. Both summits are located on the border between Valais and Vaud.On the northern slopes lies the small Glacier des Martinets. The Lac de Fully is located on the south side.
 The Kraichbach is a 60 km long right tributary of the Rhine River running through the German state of Baden-Württemberg. The river source is in the Kraichgau region near the municipality of Sternenfels. It then flows to the northwest through Kürnbach Oberderdingen Kraichtal Ubstadt-Weiher Bad Schönborn and Kronau all in the district of Karlsruhe.
 Gillbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Monte Cridola is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2581 metres. It is located on the border between the provinces of Belluno and Udine.
 Rasletind is a mountain with two summits in Norway the highest at 2105 m above sea level. It is located on the border between the municipalities of Vang and Vågå (in Oppland) but the northwestern corner of the municipality of Øystre Slidre reaches the summit of Øystre Rasletind. It is the southeasternmost summits in the Jotunheimen mountain area. It is situated on the western side of the high mountain plain of Valdresflyi.
 Lac de Ganivet is a lake in Lozère France. Its surface area is 0.12 km²
 The Goulburn River is a major inland perennial river in Victoria Australia.The headwaters of the Goulburn River rise in the western end of the Victoria Alps near Mount Mattlock and then it goes on to flow into the Murray River near Echuca making it the longest river in Victoria at 654 kilometres (406 mi). The Eildon Dam creates Lake Eildon a major storage of water for irrigation. From Lake Eildon most of the irrigation water goes to Goulburn Weir and Waranga Basin.
 Pyyvesi is a medium-sized lake of South Karelia region in Finland. It belogs to Vuoksi main catchment area.
 The Caples River is a river flowing into ther Greenstone River New Zealand.
 The Loon River is a river that forms part of the Canada–United States border between Minnesota and Ontario.
 Schleuse is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Maligne River (/məˈliːn/ mə-LEEN) is a medium-sized river in the Canadian Rockies. It runs through parts of Jasper National Park in Alberta Canada. The Maligne is a major tributary of the Athabasca River. The river takes from the French word for malignant or wicked. It is theorised that an early French voyageur created this name in reference to the current of the river near its confluence with the Athabasca River.
 Seebach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Lake Constance is an alpine lake in the South Island of New Zealand.It lies within the borders of the Nelson Lakes National Park. The lake is drained via an underground river into Blue Lake.
 Volcán Tupungatito is the northernmost historically active stratovolcano of the southern Andes. It lies on the border between Argentina and Chile about 99 km (62 mi) east of Santiago Chile and immediately southwest of the massive Cerro Tupungato stratovolcano. Its name is a diminutive homonym just as in gato - cat gatito - kitten.
 The Moonbi Range is a chain of hills which forms a part of the Northern Tablelands New South Wales Australia.The range is located roughly 20 kilometres (12 mi) north east of the city of Tamworth situated at the bottom of the Wentworth Mounds which is part of the Moonbi Range. These mounds form a spur of the Great Dividing Range where the Northwest Slopes meet to the Northern Tablelands.
 Branstree is a fell in the Far Eastern part of the English Lake District. It overlooks the valley of Mardale and Haweswater Reservoir.
 Schaubach (Gersprenz) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Table Mountain is a mountainous landform in Tuolumne County California. Ten million years ago high-potassium lava erupted from the east and filled an ancient river bed. Subsequently the surface around the river eroded while the hard lava protected the river from erosion.
 The Río Guatemala is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Norsjø is a lake in the municipalities of Skien Nome and Sauherad in Telemark county Norway. It is 55 km² in area and 15 meters above sea level.Norsjø is part of the Telemark Canal. Most rivers in Telemark meet Norsjø on their way before ending up in the Skien river or Porsgrunn river. Norsjø is a source of drinking water for Skien municipality.
 Saddleback Junior is a mountain located in Franklin County Maine. Saddleback Junior is flanked to the southwest by Saddleback Horn and to the northeast by Poplar Ridge. The mountain is on the south border of the U.S. Navy Survival Escape and Evasion Training Facility (USSEAETF). Saddleback Junior stands within the watershed of the Kennebec River which drains into the Gulf of Maine. The northeast and northwest sides of Saddleback Jr.
 Studena planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Студена планина) is a mountain in central Serbia near the city of Kraljevo. Its highest peak Kavgalija has an elevation of 1355 meters above sea level. It stretches from west to east from the Ibar river valley towards the mountain of Goč forming a continuous ridge with Ravna planina.
 Gasherbrum II (Urdu: گاشر برم -2‎; simplified Chinese: 加舒尔布鲁木II峰; traditional Chinese: 加舒爾布魯木II峰; pinyin: Jiāshūěrbùlǔmù II Fēng) also known as K4 is the 13th-highest mountain on Earth. It is located on the border of Gilgit–Baltistan province Pakistan and Xinjiang China. At 8034 metres (26358 ft) high Gasherbrum II is the third-highest peak of the Gasherbrum massif located in the Karakoram range of the Himalayas.
 The Gruiu Scurt River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 The Güferhorn is a mountain in the Lepontine Alps located between the valleys of Vals and Hinterrhein in Graubünden. At 3379 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the Lepontine Alps lying east of the Rheinwaldhorn. The northern side of the massif is covered by the Güfergletscher a 2 kilometres long glacier.
 The Trairão River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 McNeil's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Strei River in Romania
 Laguna Grande is a lake in the Tarija Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 3638 m its surface area is 6.7 km².
 The Pietrele River is a tributary of the Cormaia River in Romania.
 Monte Manos is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 1517 metres. It administratively belongs to the province of Brescia.
 The Frederick River is a river in the Pilbara of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise in the Kenneth Range. The river flows in a south-westerly direction until it merges with the Lyons River near Cobra Station homestead.The only tributary of the Frederick river is Mulga Wash.The river was named in 1866 by the explorer Edward Hooley who was on expedition in the area after Frederick Roe the son of John Septimus Roe.
 The Little Saco River is a 4.5-mile-long (7.2 km) tributary of the Saco River in western Maine in the United States. It begins at the junction of Haley Brook and Paine Brook in the northern part of the town of Brownfield and flows northeast entering the town of Fryeburg just before its mouth at the Saco.
 Cerro la Campana the Bell mountain is a mountain in La Campana National Park in central Chile. The Pacific and the mountain Aconcagua are visible from the summit on clear days.Due to the area's expanding human population considerable deforestation occurred on the previously heavily wooded areas of this mountain from approximately 1900 AD onwards.
 Wolftail Mountain (8176 feet (2492 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Murphy Lakes are two lakes in King County Washington United States. Murphy Lakes lie at an elevation of 4741 feet (1445 m).
 Ternopil Pond (Ukrainian: Тернопільський став known as Komsomol Lake before 1992 non-official Ternopil Lake) is a reservoir in Ternopil Ukraine. It was created in 1548 by Jan Amor Tarnowski as one link in a chain of fortifications encircling his residence the Tarnopol Castle.
 Freshwater Lake is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 Yuraq Yuraq (Quechua yuraq white the reduplication indicates there is a complex or a group of s.th. white complex former spelling Yuraj Yuraj) is a mountain in the Khari Khari mountain range of the Bolivian Andes about 4920 m (16142 ft) high. It is situated south east of Potosí in the Potosí Department. Yuraq Yuraq lies north east of Suchu Suchu Punta and Jatun Q'asa.
 Naturbadesee Stockelache is a lake in West Hesse Depression Hesse Germany. At an elevation of 185 m its surface area is 10 ha.
 Samsjøen is a lake on the border of the municipalities of Midtre Gauldal and Melhus in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. Most of the lake lies in Midtre Gauldal about 12 kilometres (7.5 mi) north of the village of Singsås. The lake has a dam at the northwest end which is used for hydroelectric power production. The water flows out of the lake and into the Lundesokna river which flows into the Gaula River.
 The Rotach is a 38 km long tributary of Lake Constance and the Rhine River in the German state of Baden-Württemberg. The river source is near the municipality of Wilhelmsdorf. It flows southward through Horgenzell and Oberteuringen before emptying into Lake Constance at the city of Friedrichshafen.
 The Santa Ana Mountains are a short peninsular mountain range along the coast of Southern California in the United States. They extend for approximately 61 miles (98 km) southeast of the Los Angeles Basin largely along the border between Orange and Riverside counties.
 The Zillertal Alps (German: Zillertaler Alpen; Italian: Alpi Aurine) are a mountain range of the Central Eastern Alps on the border of Austria and Italy.
 Bellinger River an open and trained mature wave dominated barrier estuary is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Carnic Alps are a range of the Southern Limestone Alps in East Tyrol Carinthia Friuli (Province of Udine) and marginally in Veneto.
 Liberdade River is a river of Acre and Amazonas states in western Brazil.
 Steinbruch Eckartsberg is a lake in Saxony Germany. At an elevation of 280 m its surface area is 0.6 ha.
 Langedalstinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Sakaser is the highest mountain in the Salt Range area in Pothohar in Pakistan. Soan Sakaser Valley starts from here. Sakaser is compound of Saki and sar. Saki related to Sakia or Buddha and sar is pond.It is situated in Khushab District but it can be seen from adjoining districts of Mianwali and Chakwal. Uchhali Lake is just below it. It is a good picnic spot and moderately tough walking point. At its top there is a radar.
 Søndre Hellstugutinden is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Hanu River is a tributary of the Tărcuța River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Laurului is a tributary of the Sighiștel River in Romania.
 Silver Snag Lake is a lake on Vancouver Island just east of Tsable Lake and south west of Cumberland.
 Schaffenaker Mountain is a forested mountain ridge of the Ridge-and-valley Appalachians in Hampshire County in the U.S. state of West Virginia. The ridge runs southwest northeast between Edwards Run (and its surrounding Parks Valley) and Dillons Run. Schaffenaker Mountain takes its name from the Schaffenaker family that settled in the immediate area. The Northwestern Turnpike (U.S.
 Loch Shin (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Sìn pronounced [ɫ̪ɔx ʃiːn]) is a loch in the Scottish North West Highlands. To the south is the small town of Lairg.
 L'Anguille River (pronounced lan-GWEEL or locally LANG-gill) is a tributary of the St. Francis River approximately 110 mi (175 km) long in northeastern Arkansas in the United States. Via the St. Francis River it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.Anguille means eel in French.
 The Seaca River or Pârâul Sec is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 The Aroser Rothorn is the highest mountain of the Plessur Alps. It is located between Arosa and Lenzerheide in the canton of Graubünden and culminated at an altitude of 2980 metres above sea level. The summit lies near the Parpaner Rothorn which is served by a cable car.
 The Murg is a 34.1 kilometres (21.2 mi) long tributary of the Thur in Switzerland. It rises in the canton of St. Gallen flows through the canton of Thurgau and joins the Thur near Warth.Along its route the river flows through the communities of Mosnang Fischingen Sirnach Münchwilen Wängi Stettfurt Matzingen and Frauenfeld. Between Münchwilen and Frauenfeld the river is closely followed by the Frauenfeld–Wil railway line.
 Lake Rotoroa (Northland) is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 Jim Ned Creek is a river in Texas.
 Chatyr-Kul (also Chatyr Köl Chatyrkol Kyrgyz: Чатыркөл) is an endorheic alpine lake in the Tian Shan mountains in At-Bashi District of Naryn Province Kyrgyzstan; it lies in the lower part of Chatyr-Kul Depression near the Torugart Pass border crossing into China. The name of the lake means “Celestial Lake” in Kyrgyz. The lake and 2 km buffer zone around it is part of the Karatal-Japyryk State Nature Reserve.
 The Pupuke River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northeast to reach the southern end of Whangaroa Harbour five kilometres northwest of Kaeo.
 Dovedale is a valley in the Peak District of England. The land is owned by the National Trust and annually attracts a million visitors. The valley was cut by the River Dove and runs for just over 3 miles (5 km) between Milldale in the north and a wooded ravine near Thorpe Cloud and Bunster Hill in the south.
 The Falls River is a 7.7-mile-long (12.4 km) river located in Essex Connecticut. It begins in the Pond Meadow area of Ivoryton and runs for about 5 miles (8.0 km) through Essex. Its beginnings are visible from Comstock Field at the end of Park Road in Ivoryton. Before that it runs to a small pond behind the L.C. Doane Company near Pond Meadow Road. It runs along the old Sohmer Piano Factory under Walnut Street and along Main Street.
 Sukhotyl (Russian: Сухотыль) is a river in Perm Krai and Komi Republic Russia a right tributary of Kolva River which in turn is a tributary of Vishera River. The length of the river is 20 km. It starts in Komi Republic near the border with Perm Krai. Flows into Kolva River at the point located 302 km from Kolva's mouth.
 Sarcobatus Flat is a closed valley in western Nye County Nevada between Goldfield and Beatty. The Bullfrog Hills form the southern boundary and the Grapevine Mountains along with Bonnie Claire Flat form the western boundary. Pahute Mesa bounds the area to the east and north.
 The Taiharuru River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows predominantly northeast from its sources east of Whangarei emptying into the southern end of Ngunguru Bay. About half of the river's length is a silty drowned valley.
 Tao River (Chinese: 洮河) is a right tributary of China's Yellow River. It starts in Xiqing Mountains (西倾山) near the Gansu-Qinghai border flows eastward across Gannan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture and then northward more or less along the border between Dingxi Prefecture-level City in the east and Gannan and Linxia Prefectures in the west. It flows into the Yellow River (actually the Liujiaxia Reservoir) near Liujiaxia Town (the county seat of Yongjing County) just upstream of Liujiaxia Dam.
 Beverley Beck is a short canal in the East Riding of Yorkshire England. The beck runs from Grovehill Lock on the River Hull at Beverley west for about 0.8 miles (1.3 km) into the town of Beverley. Until 1802 the beck was tidal but the Beverley and Barmston drain needed to pass under it and the lock was constructed to maintain water levels over its tunnel. In 1898 a steam engine was installed which could be used to top up the water levels in the beck by pumping water from the River Hull.
 Wielka Niedźwiedzianka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Niedźwiedzianka.
 Whin Rigg is a fell is the English Lake District situated in the western segment of the national park 22 kilometres south east of the town of Whitehaven. It reaches only a modest altitude of 535 m (1755 ft) but is part of one of the Lake District’s most dramatic landscapes in that the rugged and impressive Wastwater Screes (sometimes known as The Screes) fall from the fells summit to Wast Water over 450 m (1500 ft) below.
 Phu Soi Dao (French: Phou Soai Dao) is a mountain in Southeast Asia. It is 2120 metres tall and rises at the southern end of the Luang Prabang Range on the international border between Laos and Thailand. Phu Soi Dao National Park is located on the Thai side of the range in Phitsanulok and Uttaradit Provinces.Pinus kesiya Betula alnoides Schima wallichii and Shorea siamensis are among the species of trees present in the forest.
 Mont Cenis (Italian: Moncenisio) is a massif and pass (el. 2081 m / 6827 ft) in Savoie in France which forms the limit between the Cottian and Graian Alps.The pass connects Lanslebourg-Mont-Cenis in France in the northwest with Susa in Italy in the southeast. In Middle Ages pilgrims passing through Moncenisio and Susa Valley came to Turin along a road called Via Francigena with final destination Rome. It was one of the most used Alpine pass in from the Middle Ages to Nineteenth Century.
 The Almbach creek is the natural drain of the Hintersee Lake in Salzburg (state). It reaches a length of approx. 17 km and flows into the Salzach at Hallein. In the middle course the creek is dammed by the Wiestalstausee; a rest water quantity remains to not endanger the fish population.
 The Fădimac River is a tributary of the Bega River in Romania.
 Il Madone is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located in the Swiss canton of Ticino. On its southern side lies Lago del Narèt.
 Stetson Mountain is a small mountain located in Washington County Maine; a 8-mile (13 km) long ridge running roughly north–south. The summit elevation is between 1080 ft (330 m) and 1090 ft (330 m).Stetson is approximately 10 miles (16 km) from the Canada – United States border with New Brunswick.Stetson Mountain stands within the watershed of the Mattawamkeag River which drains into the Penobscot River and into Penobscot Bay.Much of the west side of Stetson Mtn.
 The Cedar River is a 29.0-mile-long (46.7 km) river in the U.S. state of Michigan flowing though Clare County and Gladwin County. The main branch of the river is formed by the confluence of Cranberry Creek and the West Branch Cedar River at 44°02′20″N 84°39′56″W in Hamilton Township Clare County.
 Hinksey Stream is a branch of the River Thames to the west of the city of Oxford England. It starts as Seacourt Stream (also known as Wytham Stream) which leaves the Thames at a bifurcation north of the village of Wytham and rejoins the river south of the city near Kennington.
 The Oriçanga River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Newport Pagnell Canal was a 1.25 mile canal that ran from the Grand Junction Canal at Great Linford to Newport Pagnell through seven locks. Construction was authorised by an Act of Parliament in June 1814 and it probably opened in 1817. It closed in 1864 with part of the route used for the line of a railway.
 Farleys Brook is the name of a minor watercourse in Hucknall Nottinghamshire. It rises in a pool within a copse close to the M1 motorway at the foot of the Misk Hills. It flows Southeastwards through the Misk Meadows Pennine View and Nabbs Lane Estates where several parks and open spaces are centred around flood prevention lagoons. The Brook flows past Hucknall Aerodrome and into Bulwell Hall Park following the A611 Hucknall Bypass.
 East End is a mountain located at the northeastern end of the McDowell Mountains and about 24 miles (39 km) north northeast of Scottsdale Arizona. Its summit is the highest point in the range at 4069 feet (1240 m). The mountain is mostly covered in rocky boulders and is the site of the ancient Marcus Landslide.
 Beinn Odhar is a Scottish mountain situated at the northern extremity of the Loch Lomond and the Trossachs National Park. It stands four km (2.5 mi) north of Tyndrum a location with which it has strong ties being well seen from the village. The mountain lies on the border between Argyll and Bute and Stirling council areas within the Auch and Invermeran estate.
 Mount Catherine is a mountain peak in the Cascade Range in Washington state located near Snoqualmie Pass and Keechelus Lake. It is accessible via Forest Road 9070 except in winter. The Nordic Pass snowshoe trail starts near the Summit East ski area (formerly called Hyak) and ends at this popular destination at a low point on the west ridge of Mount Catherine. Winter ascents of Mount Catherine are frequently done by continuing up the ridge to the summit.
 The Medomak River is a 40-mile-long (64 km) river in Maine. From its source (44°21′48″N 69°21′09″W) in Liberty the river winds 32 miles (51 km) south to the head of its estuary in Waldoboro then about 8 miles (13 km) south to Bremen. The river flows through Hockomock Channel into the head of Muscongus Bay.
 The São Tomé River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Qurnat as Sawdā’ is the highest point in Lebanon and the Levant at 3088 meters above sea level.Lebanon Peaks Mount Lebanon peaks above 1800 m are covered with snow almost 4 months a year and the peaks above 2500 m are covered around 6 months a year.
 Clyburn Lake is a lake of Victoria County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Nigua River (Arroyo Puerto Rico) is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Swasey is a small lunar crater that lies along the eastern limb of the Moon. It lies near the southeastern edge of the Mare Smythii to the west of the walled plain Hirayama. About one crater diameter to the northeast is Hume and to the southwest is the merged crater pair of Kao and Helmert.The outer rim of this crater is roughly circular and a small crater overlies the northwestern side. This attached crater is also joined to the southeastern outer rim of the small crater Lebesgue.
 Skopska Crna Gora (meaning Black Mountain of Skopje; Macedonian and Serbian: Скопска Црна Гора pronounced [skôpskaː tsr̩̂ːnaː ɡǒra]) also historically known as Kara-dagh (Turkish for black mountain Albanian: Mali i Zi or Malet e Karadakut) during Ottoman times is a mountain range on the border between Kosovo and the Republic of Macedonia between the cities of Kačanik (in southern Kosovo) and Skopje (in Macedonia). The highest peaks are Ramno (1651 m) Sokolovec and Dušanovec.
 The Preto River (Rondônia) is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Decker Peak at 10704 feet (3263 m) above sea level is the third highest peak in the Sawtooth Range of Idaho. The peak is located in the Sawtooth Wilderness of Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County. The peak is located 2.3 mi (3.7 km) south-southwest of Mount Cramer its line parent. It is the 204th highest peak in Idaho.
 Kahleberg (Bald Mountain) is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Richelieu River takes it source in Lake Champlain from which it flows to the north in the province of Quebec Canada and empties into the St. Lawrence river. It was formerly known as the Iroquois River and the Chambly River.
 The Das Palmas River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Gelug River or Lupac River is a tributary of the Caraş River in Romania
 Deoria Tal (Also spelled as Devaria' or 'Deoriya) is a lake located about 3 km on an uphill trek from the villages of Mastura and Sari on the Ukhimath-Chopta road in Uttarakhand. At an altitude of about 2387 meters it has heavily wooded lush green surroundings with snow covered mountains (Chaukhamba is one of them) in the backdrop.
 The Irani River (Portuguese Rio Irani) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Uruguay River.
 The Uibărești River is a tributary of the Ribița River in Romania.
 Mount Chiquita elevation 13075 ft (3985 m) is a summit in the Mummy Range of northern Colorado. The mountain is north of the Fall River in Rocky Mountain National Park.
 The Malaprabha River (Kannada ಮಲಪ್ರಭಾ ನದಿ )is a tributary of the Krishna River and flows through the state of Karnataka in India. It rises in the Western Ghats at an altitude of 792 m in the state's Belgaum district. The river joins Krishna River at Kudalasangama in Bagalkot district.
 The Câmpulungeanca River is a tributary of the Slănic River in Romania.
 Lake Akna (Armenian: Ակնա;) is a crater lake located in the Geghama mountains east of Abovyan region in Armenia.
 The Wolf River is a 45.7-mile-long (73.5 km) tributary of the Missouri River in northeastern Kansas in the United States draining an area of 247.8 square miles (642 km2) in the Dissected Till Plains region. It rises in Brown County approximately 3 miles (4.8 km) north of Powhattan and flows generally eastwardly into Doniphan County past the communities of Robinson Leona and Severance.
 Pesiöjärvi is is a medium-sized lake in the Oulujoki main catchment area. It is located in Suomussalmi municipality in the region Kainuu Finland.
 Sysenvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Eidfjord in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Edwards Aquifer is one of the most prolific artesian aquifers in the world. Located on the eastern edge of Edwards Plateau in the U.S. state of Texas it discharges about 900000 acre feet (1.1 km3) of water a year and directly serves about two million people. The Edwards Aquifer is also home to several unique and endangered species.
 Içana River (Isana River) is a tributary of the Rio Negro in South America. The river arises in the Guaviare Department of Colombia where it is known as the Isana. It flows east and forms a short part of the international boundary between Colombia and Brazil. In Amazonas state where it is known as the Içana it flows southeast and into the Rio Negro at São Joaquim Amazonas.
 Rumiñawi (/ruːmiˈnjɑːwiː/ roo-mee-NYAH-wee Kichwa rumi stone rock ñawi eye face stone eye stone face rock eye or rock face hispanicized spelling Rumiñahui Spanish pronunciation: [rumiˈɲawi]) is a dormant heavily-eroded stratovolcano 4721 metres (15489 ft) above sea level. Situated in the Andes mountains 40 km south of Quito Ecuador it is overshadowed by its famous neighbour Cotopaxi.
 Jabal Shariyah is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Just outside the north city limits of Topeka Kansas is a 12-acre (49000 m2) lake that according to a comment in the GoingOutside.com website is called Menoken Lake or North Topeka Oxbow Lake. This lake a natural freshwater oxbow lake is one of about six lakes that once were part of the Kansas River. The River is a mile to the south of Menoken Lake. When the river current shifted to the south this lake was left behind.
 Slate Fell is a low hill in the North Western part of the English Lake District. It lies only about a mile from the busy market town of Cockermouth and as such is a popular walk for local dog walkers the amount of climb being only about 80 metres (250 feet). A public right of way passes over the summit. It is an outlier of the Marilyn Watch Hill and gives good views of the Lord's Seat group of hills although it is too low to afford views towards the central Lake District.
 Lake Dora is a seasonal salt lake in Western Australia. It lies between the vegetated sand fields of the Great Sandy and Gibson Deserts. The Rudall River occasionally brings water to Lake Dora.
 The Gennach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 Piz Dora (2951 m) is a mountain of the Ortler Alps overlooking Tschierv in the canton of Graubünden. It lies south of Piz Daint on the range between the Val Mora and the Val Müstair.
 Cheonjusan is a mountain of Gyeongsangbuk-do eastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 824 metres.
 Mount Trafalgar is an extinct volcano on the north east coast of Oro Province Papua New Guinea. The mountain is a major andesite volcano with the magma known for its high levels of Nickel and Chromium. Captain John Moresby named the mountain after the naval battle of Trafalgar.Hydrographers Range Mount Lamington and Mount Victory are three other large Quaternary stratovolcanoes in southeastern New Guinea.
 Parkinsons Lake is a eutrophic 1.92 ha sand dune lake in the Waikato District of New Zealand near the southern part of Kariotahi Beach. It is formerly choked by dense growths of both native and introduced aquatic plants.
 Mentasta Pass is a major mountain pass in Alaska separating the Alaska Range on the west from the Mentasta Mountains on the east. Alaska Route 1 (the Glenn Highway) runs through the pass connecting the Copper River Valley with the Alaska Highway.
 The Valea Furneciului River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 Mount Bannon (10966 feet (3342 m) is located in the Teton Range on the border of Caribou-Targhee National Forest and Grand Teton National Park in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is named for Thomas M Bannon and rises to the west above Death Canyon.
 Fishing Creek is a 30.4-mile-long (48.9 km) tributary of the Susquehanna River in Columbia County Pennsylvania United States. It joins the Susquehanna River near the census-designated place of Rupert and the town of Bloomsburg. The watershed has an area of 385 square miles (1000 km2).Nomadic Native Americans arrived in the lower reaches of Fishing Creek around 8000 B.C and some spent winters in the upper reaches of the valley by 3000 to 2000 B.C.
 Lake Tappan is a reservoir impounded by the Tappan Dam on the Hackensack River straddling the border between the U.S. states of New Jersey and New York. Within New Jersey the lake traverses the border separating the municipalities of River Vale and Old Tappan in Bergen County while extending northward across the New York state line into the town of Orangetown in Rockand County.
 Saint Charles River is a 64.6-mile-long (104.0 km) tributary of the Arkansas River that flows from a source near Saint Charles Peak in the Wet Mountains of southern Colorado. It joins the Arkansas east of Pueblo Colorado.
 Tiene is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Valea Morilor River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 South Pass (elevation 7412 feet (2259 m) and 7550 feet (2300 m)) is the collective term for two mountain passes on the Continental Divide in the Rocky Mountains in southwestern Wyoming. The passes are located in a broad low region 35 miles wide between the Wind River Range to the north and the Oregon Buttes and Great Divide Basin to the south in southwestern Fremont County approximately 35 miles (54 km) SSW of Lander.
 Poppentiner See is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 77.5 m its surface area is 0.057 km2.
 Dryvyaty (Belarusian: Дрывя́ты Polish: Drywiaty) – is a lake in Braslav District Vitebsk Voblast in Belarus. This is the largest lake of Braslav Lakes and fifth the largest lake of the country.
 Toscanelli is a tiny bowl-shaped lunar crater that is located to the north of the prominent crater Aristarchus in the northwestern part of the Moon. The crater lies at the southern end of a rille that proceeds towards the north. This rille is part of a nearby system that has the designation Rimae Aristarchus. Just to the south of Toscanelli is a fault line in the surface named the Rupes Toscanelli after the crater.
 Mount Jefferson also known as Muzzy Hill is a hill ridgeline located in Worcester County of Massachusetts two miles NNW of Hubbardston. Mount Jefferson Road passes along the hill crest.
 Mount Stevens is a mountain located in Matanuska-Susitna Borough Alaska. Mount Stevens is flanked to the northwest by Mount Hunter and is about 10 miles (16 km) south of Mount McKinley (Denali). The mountain was named in 2010 after Ted Stevens (1923–2010) who had represented Alaska in the U.S. Senate from 1968 to 2009.
 The Bâsca Roziliei River also called Bâsca Rusilei Bâsca Rosiliei or simply Bâsca (Romanian: Bɨs'ca) is a main tributary (discharge and watershed) of the Buzău River from Romania.
 The Madonino is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located west of Cevio in the canton of Ticino. It lies between the valleys of Bavona and Bosco Gurin.
 The Somonița River ( Hungarian: Szomonyica-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Korotasere River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Seaca River is a tributary of the Amaradia River in Romania
 Crestone Needle elevation 14203 ft (4329 m) is one of the fourteeners of Colorado in the heart of the Sangre de Cristo Range. It is part of a group of four fourteeners known as the Crestones headed by Crestone Peak (0.6 miles/1 km northwest of Crestone Needle) and also including Kit Carson Mountain and Humboldt Peak.While not as high as Crestone Peak and connected to it by a high jagged ridge Crestone Needle is regarded as a worthy climb in its own right.
 Rocca Busambra is the highest peak in the Monti Sicani in western Sicily southern Italy. It has an elevation of 1613 metres (5292 ft).The mount has the appearance of a flat isolated ridge with the Bosco della Ficuzza wood occupying its slopes. It is located in the territory of Godrano part of the province of Palermo.
 Sangjeongbawisan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1006 metres.
 The Jaraucu River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Mount Jumullong Manglo (sometimes shortened to Mount Jumullong) is a peak in the southwest of the island of the United States territory of Guam.Rising to 391 meters (1283 ft) above sea level it is the 2nd highest peak in Guam (after Mount Lamlam and before Mount Bolanos).Nearby is located the village of Agat (6.1 km or 3.8 mi).
 The Drăghița River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mic River in Romania.
 The Falling River is a river in the United States state of Virginia. And is also a community 10 miles north of Brookneal VA.
 Mont Ruan (or Grand Mont Ruan) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps overlooking the lake of Emosson in the Swiss canton of Valais. At 3057 metres above sea level its main summit is located 200 metres away from the French border where lies a slightly lower summit (3044 m).Mont Ruan is the westernmost mountain rising above 3000 metres in Switzerland.
 Baker Lake is located in Shasta County California United States. The lake's surface elevation is 5341 feet (1628 m).
 The Mud River is a 6.4-mile-long (10.3 km) tidal arm of the Sapelo River in McIntosh County Georgia in the United States. It forms the northern part of the channel separating Sapelo Island from the mainland.
 The Valea Hotarelor River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Eels Lake is a lake of Ontario Canada.Eel Cow an Ojibwe chieftain claimed this area and surrounding land as his family’s hunting and fishing territory in the early 1800. The lake still bears his name and is one of the larger lakes in theregion.
 The Ciurba Mică is a tributary of the Ciurba Mare River in Romania.
 Mount Starr King is a symmetrical granite dome in Yosemite National Park whose highest point is 9096 feet (2772 m) above sea level.Climbing Starr King's dome requires technical skills or equipment and the easiest routes are rated low class 5 in the Yosemite Decimal System.It was named for Thomas Starr King a Unitarian preacher and political activist. It has historically been known by various names including Kings Peak See-wah-lam South Dome and Tis-sa-ack.
 Garibaldi Lake is a turquoise-coloured alpine lake in British Columbia Canada located 37 km (23 mi) north of Squamish and 19 km (12 mi) south of Whistler. The lake lies within Garibaldi Provincial Park which features mountains glaciers trails forests flowers meadows waterfalls. The park is a wildlife protected area. The trails in the area are promoted as being among the most beautiful on earth.[citation needed]
 Tym River (Russian: Тым) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai and Tomsk Oblast in Russia right tributary of the Ob River. The length of the river is 950 km. The area of its basin is 32300 km². The Tym River freezes up in October - early November and stays icebound until late April - May. It is navigable within 560 km of its estuary.
 Purbach is a large lunar crater located in the rugged southern highlands of the Moon. The distorted crater Regiomontanus is attached to the southern rim. To the northwest is Thebit and just to the northeast lies La Caille.
 JA Volcano is an inactive volcano located near Albuquerque New Mexico. JA Volcano is the southernmost of 5 volcanoes in a 5-mile chain within the western boundary of Petroglyph National Monument. Students from John Adams Middle School in Albuquerque constructed a rock JA image on the west side of the cone which they whitewashed annually. The J is still visible from the city. Directly north of JA is Black followed by Vulcan Bond and Butte volcanoes.
 Iná River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Culham Inlet is an inlet located in the Goldfields-Esperance region of Western Australia. The inlet is also referred to as a coastal salt lake or a transient estuary as the sand bar that prevents it discharging is almost always closed.
 The Laranjeiras River is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil.
 Ward Mountain is the high point of the Egan Range in south-central White Pine County of eastern Nevada. The summit part of a three mile long crest is located just 10 miles (16 km) south of the city of Ely. The Ward Charcoal Ovens State Historic Park is located on the mountain's eastern flank.
 The Izvorul Lăzilor River is a tributary of the Izvorul Roşu River in Romania.
 Kivijärvi is a rather large lake in Finland. The name Kivijärvi is rather common and there are 121 lakes with the same name. This is the biggest of them. The lake is located in the Central Finland region. It belongs to Kymijoki main catchment area. It is 30th biggest lake in Finland. It is a good lake for fishing. For example a 10.1 kg lake trout was caught in Kivijärvi lake in summer 2001.
 The Nopah Range is located in Inyo County California USA near the eastern border with Nevada.
 Colonels Mountain is a mountain in the Canadian province of New Brunswick. It lies adjacent to Big Bald Mountain at the headwaters of the Northwest Miramichi River and the Sevogle River.The mountain top has been weathered to generate a series of mushroom-shaped granitic tors. Because the weathering process which forms tors is normally very slow these features have been interpreted as indicating that part of northern New Brunswick escaped the last Wisconsinan glaciation.
 The Inyo Mountains are a short mountain range east of the Sierra Nevada mountains in eastern California in the United States. The range separates the Owens Valley to the west with Saline Valley to the east extending for approximately 70 mi (130 km) SSE from the southern end of the White Mountains from which they are separated by Westgard Pass to east of Owens Lake.Geologically the mountains are a fault block range in the Basin and Range Province at the western end of the Great Basin.
 Großer Weißer See is a lake in Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 59.8 m its surface area is 0.27 km².
 Rib Lake is a long and narrow lake in the Town of Latchford and in the Municipality of Temagami in Northeastern Ontario Canada located about 9 kilometres (6 mi) southeast of the centre of the community of Latchford and 9 kilometres (6 mi) northeast of the community of Temagami North. The lake is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin and is the main access for canoeists en route to the Cliff Lake Ridge.
 The Râul Stânei is a tributary of the Priboiașa River in Romania.
 The Indio Hills are a low mountain range in the Colorado Desert near Indio in eastern Riverside County southern California.
 Izu-Tobu (伊豆東部火山群 Izu Tōbu Kazangun) is a large dominantly basaltic range of volcanic on the east side of the Izu Peninsula in Japan. The field covers a total area of 400 km2. The only recorded activity was a submarine phreatic eruption between the city Ito and Hatsushima island that lasted for just 10 minutes. Ito home to 74000 people is known for its hot springs.
 The Coll de Balaguer is a mountain pass in Catalonia Spain. It is located at the point where the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range reaches the sea in L'Almadrava within the Vandellòs i l'Hospitalet de l'Infant municipality Baix Camp.Despite its scant altitude this pass has been an important communication line between the Terres de l'Ebre region and the Camp de Tarragona since ancient times.
 Vesijärvi is a lake in Finland. It is located in the Pirkanmaa region and there mostly in the municipality of Kangasala and for a lesser part in the municipality of Orivesi.The lake is part of Kokemäenjoki basin and a chain of lakes that consists of Längelmävesi Vesijärvi Roine Pälkänevesi and Mallasvesi.
 Mount Hay is a mountain in the Blue Mountains National Park New South Wales Australia. It is located approximately 100 kilometres (62 mi) west of Sydney and 15 kilometres (9.3 mi) north-west of the nearest town Leura. Mount Hay is approximately 944 metres (3097 ft) AMSL and is one of several volcanic plugs located within the UNESCO World Heritage Greater Blue Mountains Area.
 Tarfu Lake is a lake of Yukon Canada.
 Chatfield Reservoir and dam on the South Platte River south of Littleton Colorado were built by the United States Army Corps of Engineers as a response to the disastrous flood of 1965. In addition to its primary purpose of flood control it serves as one of many water supply reservoirs for the city of Denver Colorado.
 The Verzasca is a Swiss 30-km long mountain river originating at Pizzo Barone and flowing into Lake Maggiore. It is known for its clear turquoise water and vibrant colored rocks as well as its treacherous currents. The Verzasca Dam is a few kilometers upriver from this lake.
 Battle Creek is a 16.6-mile-long (26.7 km) creek located in Tehama County California. It is a major tributary to the Sacramento River.The creek is part of a $67 million Chinook salmon restoration project a PG&E Battle Creek Hydroelectric Project. Many adjacent properties hold conservation easements protecting them from development.In addition to the Chinook salmon the creek has steelhead trout rainbow trout and brown trout.
 The Kollaa River (Russian: Колласйоки Finnish: Kollaanjoki or Kollasjoki) is a 76-kilometre long river in the Republic of Karelia Russia. It starts from Lake Kollasjärvi in the Suoyarvsky District and flows to Lake Tulmozero (Finnish: Tulemajärvi) in the Pryazhinsky District.Before World War II the source of the river was a part of the Finnish municipality Suistamo and it flowed further through Suojärvi to Tulemajärvi on the Russian side.
 The Holston River is a major river system of southwestern Virginia and east Tennessee. The three major forks of the Holston (its North Middle and South Forks) rise in southwestern Virginia and have their confluence near Kingsport Tennessee. The North Fork flows 138 miles (222 km) southwest from Sharon Springs in Bland County Virginia.
 The Valea Porcului River is a tributary of the Cigher River in Romania.
 Øyungen is a lake in the municipality of Holtålen in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. The 6.13-square-kilometre (2.37 sq mi) lake lies about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) southwest of Hessdalen.
 Mount Malindig (also known as Mount Malindik and Mount Marlangga) is a large potentially active stratovolcano on the island of Marinduque in the Philippines. The name Marinduque itself may have been derived from Marindik or Malindik. The tale told by the people of Buenavista the town that sits at the foot of Malindig is that during the Spanish times a Spanish soldier got lost. He came upon a girl sitting down sorting rice. He asked her what was the name of this place.
 The Tuckettspitze (Italian: Cima Tuckett; German: Tuckettspitze) is a mountain in the Ortler Alps in South Tyrol Italy.
 Hvítavatn is a small lake in the southern Highlands of Iceland. It is situated between Sídujökull and Skeiðarájökull two of the southern arms of the big glacier Vatnajökull and lies 15 km to the north of the infamous Skeiðará sander.There are some lakes and rivers with the adjective hvíta (meaning white) in their name in Iceland. This comes from the origin of most of the freshwater on this island: the glaciers.
 Kuusamojärvi is a lake in Finland. It is situated in the town of Kuusamo in the Northern Ostrobothnia region in northern Finland.The lake is a part of the Kem River basin that drains into the White Sea in the Republic of Karelia Russia.
 Maebongsan is a mountain in the county of Taebaek Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1279.6 m (4198 ft).
 The Wilkinson Peaks also known as Langnabbane is a group of peaks in the Napier Mountains standing 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) southeast of Mount Griffiths and 8 kilometres (5.0 mi) northeast of Mount Elkins in Enderby Land.
 The O'Shannassy River is a perennial river of the Port Phillip catchment located in the north-eastern Greater Metropolitan Melbourne region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Kok-Tobe (Kazakh: Көк-Төбе - Green Hill; Russian: Кок-Тюбе Kok-Tyube) is the Kok-Tobe Mountain which is the highest point of Almaty city Kazakhstan's largest city. It is also the name of a popular recreation area on top of the mountain. The mountain's height is 1100 meters above sea level.
 Hohe Hölle is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The White River is a tributary of the Deschutes River approximately 50 miles (80 km) long in north-central Oregon in the United States. It drains a scenic mountainous area of the Columbia Plateau on the east side of the Cascade Range southeast of Mount Hood. In the 1840s a section of the Oregon Trail called the Barlow Road passed through the river corridor. This section of the road is listed on the National Register of Historic Places.
 Fotu La (Hindi: फ़ोतु ला) or Fatu La is a mountain pass on the Srinagar-Leh highway in the Himalayas Zaskar Range in India. At an elevation of 4108 metres (13478 ft) it is the highest point on the highway surpassing the famed Zoji La. Fotu La is one of two high mountain passes between Leh and Kargil the other being Namika La.Moving eastwards the highway begins to descend towards the town of Lamayuru after Fotu La.
 Tampuqucha (Quechua tampu inn qucha lake tampu lake hispanicized spelling Tambococha) is a lake in Peru located in the Huanuco Region Lauricocha Province at the border of the districts Cauri and Jesús.
 The Similișoara River is a tributary of the Simila River in Romania.
 The Sheephead Mountains are a mountain range in Pershing County Nevada.
 Mount Discovery is a conspicuous isolated stratovolcano lying at the head of McMurdo Sound and east of Koettlitz Glacier overlooking the NW portion of the Ross Ice Shelf. It forms the center of a three-armed mass of which Brown Peninsula is one extension to the north; Minna Bluff is a second to the east; the third is Mount Morning to the west.Discovered by the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901–04) and named for their expedition ship Discovery.
 Cordillera Pelada (Spanish for Bald Range) is a mountain range in Osorno Province and southern Los Ríos Region southern Chile. It is located along the Pacific coast and forms part of the larger Chilean Coast Range. It got its name pelada from the Spanish word for bare or bald in reference to large fires that once burned the forests on the cordillera.
 The Coscile is a river in Calabria southern Italy. In classical antiquity it was known as the Sibarys (Greek: Σύβαρις) and gave its name to the Ancient Greek city. It is the third river in the region for water discharge and extent of its basin after the Crati and Neto. It is the main tributary to the left of the Crati.
 Fand Mons is the name given in 2001 by the Working Group for Planetary System Nomenclature (WGPSN) of the International Astronomical Union to a mountain in Venus situated at 7°0 N-158°0 E. The name is a homage to Fand Celt goddess of healing and pleasure.
 Schorlingborsteler Beeke is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Giesecke Glacier (Danish: Giesecke brær) is a glacier in the Qaasuitsup municipality in northwestern Greenland. Its outflow is split in the center by a nunatak. Through two tongues it drains the Greenland ice sheet westwards into Kangerlussuaq Icefjord. The northern tongue (Greenlandic: Qeqertarsuup Sermia) reaches the fjord at 73°35′N 55°36′W. The southern tongue (Greenlandic: Kakiffait Sermiat) reaches the fjord at 73°30′N 55°28′W.
 The Mărăușa River is a tributary of the Valea Albă River in Romania.
 White Oak Lake State Park is a state park in the southwest of the U.S. state of Arkansas a few miles from Bluff City. The reservoir sits surrounded by tall pine trees giving it a rich wooded beauty. The state park offers camping facilities as well as boat and bike rentals playground facilities and swimming areas.Because White Oak Lake was created in a woodland area the lake features many submerged dead trees.
 Kalvehøgde is a 10 km long massif in the southernmost part of the Jotunheimen mountain range. The northern part of the massif lies within Jotunheimen National Park. The massif rises quite slowly from lake Bygdin and ends in an extremely steep wall to the north. The wall is about 500 to 700 m high. On the northern side of the massif there are several glaciers with Leirungsbrean as the greatest. On the southern slopes there are two smaller glaciers - the Kalveholobrean glaciers.
 Nochusan is a mountain in the city of Gangneung and the county of Jeongseon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 1342 m (4403 ft).
 Messelberg is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Fintan's Grave is the name of a mythological cave on the Irish mountain (now hill) Tul Tuinde (Hill of the Wave) in the Arra Mountains near Lough Derg.Supposedly Fintan mac Bóchra waited out the Flood here.
 Cervialto is a mountain of Campania Italy.
 The Valea Lungă River is a tributary of the Roşia river in Romania.
 Magelhaens is an impact crater in the southern highlands of Mars located at 32.36° south latitude and 185.42° west longitude. It is 105 km long and was named for Ferdinand Magellan the 16th century Portuguese explorer.Magelhaens is located southwest of the volcanic region of Tharsis. It is surrounded by rocky peaks of unknown origin. These forms may be the result of tectonic movements in the Tharsis region or of meteorite impacts.
 Lone Eagle Peak is a mountain located in the Indian Peaks area of the Front Range in Grand County Colorado within the Indian Peaks Wilderness Area of Roosevelt National Forest.
 The Băcișoara River ( Hungarian: Bátsisora-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Iznajar Reservoir is a reservoir in the province of Córdoba Andalusia Spain.
 Hraundrangi (Lava Column or Rockfall Spire) is a conical peak in the Drangafjall ridge dividing Öxnadalur from Hörgárdalur in north Iceland. It rises to 1075 metres (3527 ft) above sea level 80 metres (260 ft) above the ridge. It was probably originally named simply Drangi and acquired the prefix from the farm of Hraun which lies below it on the Öxnadalur side.
 Rimberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The Mocirlele River is a tributary of the Băiașu River in Romania
 The Iceni River ( Hungarian: Szabadi-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania.
 Mount Lady Macdonald is a mountain located in the Bow River valley of Banff National Park Alberta Canada. The mountain was named in 1886 after Susan Agnes Macdonald wife of Sir John A. Macdonald the first Prime Minister of Canada.
 Boise Creek is a stream in Humboldt County California United States. From its origin on Orleans Mountain it flows 8.5 miles to join the Klamath River about 2.25 miles southeast of Orleans California.
 Kleiner Weißer See is a lake in Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburgische Seenplatte Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 59 m its surface area is 0.02 km².
 Granite Peak at an elevation of 12807 feet (3904 m) above sea level is the highest natural point in the U.S. state of Montana and is the tenth highest state high point in the nation. It lies within the Absaroka-Beartooth Wilderness in Park County very near the borders of Stillwater County and Carbon County. Granite Peak is 10 miles (16 km) north of the Wyoming border 45 miles (72 km) southwest of Columbus Montana.Granite Peak is one of the most difficult U.S.
 Puig Cornador (Vilanova de Sau) is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 621 metres above sea level.
 Ogof Hen Ffynhonnau (almost universally known as Poacher's Cave) lies in the Alyn Gorge North Wales close to Ogof Hesp Alyn. It was discovered in 1978 after excavation allowed access to Dyer's Adit. Being below a dry river bed the cave can be prone to flooding in wet weather. There is a short ladder pitch just inside the entrance and it makes a short trip suitable for novice cavers.
 Maolán Buí (Irish for yellow/golden knoll) is the sixth-highest mountain peak in Ireland at 973 metres (3192 ft). It is in the eastern part of the MacGillycuddy's Reeks in County Kerry; between Cnoc na Péiste (to the northeast) and Cnoc an Chuillinn (to the southwest). Other nearby peaks are The Big Gun (939 m) and Brassel Mountain (575 m). Maolán Buí is counted by the Scottish Mountaineering Club as a Furth (a 3000-footer outside Scotland).
 The Vâna Roșie River is a tributary of the Timișul Mort River in Romania.
 The Horncastle Canal was a broad canal which ran 11 miles from the River Witham to Horncastle in Lincolnshire England through twelve locks largely following the course of River Bain. The canal opened in 1802 and was abandoned for navigation in 1889.
 Niukluk River is a waterway in the U.S. state of Alaska. It rises in the Bendeleben Mountains and after flowing across a broad valley lowland for about 15 miles (24 km) enters a narrower valley in which it flows for about 20 miles (32 km). Below the mouth of Melsing Creek the valley broadens out and merges with that of Fish River to which the Niukluk is tributary. It receives many tributaries of which the Koksuktapaga joining it from the south is the largest.
 Puyehue (/pʉˈjeɪweɪ/; Spanish pronunciation: [puˈʝewe]) and Cordón Caulle /kɔrˈdoʊn ˈkaʊjeɪ/ are two coalesced volcanic edifices that form a major mountain massif in Puyehue National Park in the Andes of Ranco Province Chile. In volcanology this group is known as the Puyehue-Cordón Caulle Volcanic Complex (PCCVC).
 Lough Sheelin (from Irish Loch Síodh Linn meaning lake of the fairy pool) is a limestone freshwater lough (lake) in Ireland located in County Westmeath County Meath and County Cavan near the villages of Finnea (also spelled Finea) and Mountnugent and the town of Granard (County Longford).The lake is naturally populated by brown trout whose native stocks have been depleted in recent years hence the Central Fisheries Board stocking the lake with farm reared trout for the pleasure of anglers. 
 Wippe (Rhedaer Bach) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Mount Taka (高岳 Taka-dake) is a 720.8 m (2365 ft) mountain of the Hokusetsu Mountains located on the border of Inagawa Hyōgo and Nose Ōsaka Japan. This mountain is one of Osaka 50 mountains and an important part of Hokusetsu Natural Park.
 Lents is a small lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located within the north-northwestern section of the immense skirt of ejecta that surrounds the Mare Orientale impact basin. To the south is the Montes Cordillera mountain ring and to the north-northeast is the damaged crater Elvey.This is a bowl-shaped formation with an interior floor that is about half the diameter of the crater.
 The Râul Cățelii is a tributary of the Rosua River in Romania.
 Johannisbach (Aachen) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Canoe Lake is a lake in Timiskaming District Ontario Canada about 19 kilometres (12 mi) north of Matachewan and 40 kilometres (25 mi) west of Kirkland Lake. It is 1200 metres (3937 ft) long and 400 metres (1312 ft) wide and the primary inflow and outflow is Tent Creek. The lake is part of the Montreal River drainage basin and hence part of the Ottawa River drainage basin.
 Löbauer Wasser is a river of Saxony Germany.
 La Yeguada (also known as Chitra-Calobre) is a massive stratovolcano located in Veraguas Province Panama north of the Azuero Peninsula.
 The Secuiu River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mică in Romania.
 The Tamboti River is a river in the Limpopo Province of South Africa.
 The Carbunup River is located in the south-west corner of Western Australia.
 The Gave d'Aspe is the torrential river flowing through the Aspe Valley one of the three main valleys of the High-Béarn (Pyrénées-Atlantiques) in the Southwest of France.It is formed in the Aspe Circus below the Aspe peak (2 643 m; Spain).After joining the Gave d'Ossau in Oloron-Sainte-Marie it forms the Gave d'Oloron.
 Tavoro Creek is a river of Taveuni Fiji.
 Longden End Brook is a watercourse in Greater Manchester. It rises near Windy Hill and flows down Rakewood Valley and underneath the M62 motorway at Rakewood Viaduct before arriving at Hollingworth Lake where it is the main feeder stream.
 Zhelin Reservoir (Chinese: 柘林湖 Gan: Chā-līm fîkhú) is a reservoir located between Yongxiu (永修) Wuning (武宁) and Xiushui (修水) county. All three counties belong to Jiujiang a metropolis of Jiangxi province China. It's 40 kilometers to the north of Nanchang and 90 kilometers to the south of Mount Lushan.
 West Nooksack Glacier is in North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington on the eastern slopes of Mount Shuksan immediately northeast of the subpeak called Nooksack Tower. West Nooksack Glacier is only .10 mi (0.16 km) in length and is a glacial remnant. West Nooksack Glacier provides meltwater for the Nooksack River.
 Coniston Water (usually simply called Coniston locally) in Cumbria England is the third largest lake in the English Lake District. It is five miles (8 km) long half a mile (800 m) wide has a maximum depth of 184 feet (56 m) and covers an area of 1.89 square miles (4.9 km2). The lake has an elevation of 143 feet (44 m) above sea level. It drains to the sea via the River Crake.
 The Do Ouro River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Lake Galena is a reservoir in Jo Daviess County Illinois located near Galena.
 Keller Lake is a surface water body in the Northwest Territories of Canada. It is located 85 kilometers (53 mi) south of the Great Bear Lake and 220 kilometers (140 mi) north of Fort Simpson at an elevation of 255 meters (837 ft). The lake has a triangular shape a surface area of 380 square kilometers (150 sq mi) and it empties through the Johnny Hoe River into the Great Bear Lake.There is a salmonid population in Keller Lake.
 Pat's Creek is a tributary of the Peace River in northern Alberta Canada whose mouth is located within the Town of Peace River.It is named after Patrick Wesley a Métis man who lived in a cabin adjacent to the creek on his property. He deeded to the Anglican Church 5 acres of his land including the creek as tokens of his appreciation for care given to him during his final days in the battle with smallpox.
 Großer Teufelssee is a lake in the Rostock district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 37.4 m its surface area is 0.205 km².
 Molteno Pass is a mountain pass in the Western Cape province of South Africa. It is considered to be South Africa's first mountain pass.
 Cosseys Reservoir is a lake in the Auckland Region of New Zealand.
 The Tinline River is a river of the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally south from its sources at the northern end of the Bryant Range to reach the Pelorus River seven kilometres west of Pelorus Bridge.
 The Beaver River is a river in the far northeast of Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. It is part of the James Bay drainage basin and is a left tributary of the Kapiskau River.
 The Jingu River ( Hungarian: Zsing-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania
 The Lahontan Mountains are a mountain range in Churchill County Nevada.
 The São Francisco River (Rio de Janeiro) is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Mount Sherman is a fourteener in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is located in the Mosquito Range approximately eight miles south of Mount Lincoln. It lies on the border between Lake and Park County approximately seven miles east-southeast of Leadville.Mount Sherman which has an elevation of 14043 feet (4280 m) is one of the most nondescript of the fourteeners and one of the easiest to climb ; it is recommended as a beginner fourteener.
 Upaar Lagoon is an estuarine lagoon in Batticaloa District eastern Sri Lanka. The lagoon is fed by a number of small rivers. It is linked to the sea by a narrow channel to the south. The lagoon is surrounded by evergreen forest and scrubland. The land is used for subsistence fishing and some rice cultivation.The lagoon has extensive mangrove swamps and some sea grass beds. The lagoon attracts a wide variety of water birds.
 Stiborius is a lunar impact crater that lies to the south-southwest of the crater Piccolomini in the southeastern quadrant of the Moon's near side. To the south-southwest of Stiborius is the smaller Wöhler. Stiborius is 44 kilometers in diameter and 3.7 kilometers deep.The rim of this crater is well-defined with little appearance of erosion. It is roughly circular in form but has a prominent outward bulge to the northeast where the side has slumped into the interior.
 Mundaring Weir is the name of a dam (and historically the adjoining locality) which are located 39 kilometres (24 mi) from Perth Western Australia in the Darling Scarp. It is situated in the Mundaring locality. The dam crosses the Helena River.The town of Mundaring was gazetted in 1898 the same year as the commencement of construction of the dam.
 Little Sarsfield Lake is a small lake located in Bompas Township in the Timiskaming District of northeastern Ontario Canada.It is the source of Sarsfield Creek and is fed by no major tributaries.The lake is about 1000 metres (3281 ft) long and 200 metres (656 ft) wide.The nearest community is Sesekinika 10 kilometres (6 mi) northeast.
 National grid reference NR82308780Cam Loch (the Crooked Loch) is one of a number of water supply sources for the Crinan Canal. The impounding reservoir lies to the south of the canal and about 3 kilometres west of Lochgilphead. It has an earthwork dam 8.5 metres high with records showing that construction was before 1860.
 Mount Townsend is the second highest peak of mainland Australia. Located in Kosciuszko National Park in the Snowy Mountains (part of the Great Dividing Range) Mount Townsend is 3.68 kilometres (2.29 mi) north of Australia's highest mainland peak Mount Kosciuszko.Although lower than Mount Kosciuszko Mount Townsend has a more craggy peak and is arguably more dominant than the relatively round-topped Mount Kosciuszko.
 The Albis is a chain of hills in the Canton of Zurich Switzerland stretching for some 19 km from Sihlbrugg in the south to Waldegg near Zurich in the north. The chain forms among others the border between the Affoltern and Horgen districts. The best known point is Uetliberg at 870 m overlooking the city of Zurich.
 Rabbit Lake is a small lake in the municipality of Markstay-Warren Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin is in geographic Awrey Township and is located 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) southwest of Ontario Highway 17 near the community of Markstay. The lake exits at the northeast via an unnamed creek then flows via the Veuve River Lake Nipissing and the French River to Georgian Bay on Lake Huron.
 Lac des Allemands is a 12000-acre lake located about 25 miles southwest of New Orleans Louisiana in Lafourche St. Charles and St. John the Baptist Parishes. The lake name is French for Lake of the Germans referring to the early settlers who inhabited that part of Louisiana. St. Charles Parish and St. John the Baptist Parish are part of a region called the German Coast. Lac Des Allemands is a shallow lake with a maximum depth of 10 feet and an average depth of about five feet.
 Cross Cave (Slovene: Križna jama) also named Cold Cave Under Cross Mountain (Mrzla jama pod Križno goro) is a cave located in the Lož Valley Slovenia. The cave is named after nearby Holy Cross Church in Podlož. The cave is particularly noted for its chain of over 45 subterranean lakes of emerald green water. With 45 species of organisms discovered only until 2000 Cross Cave is the fourth-largest cave ecosystem in the world by biodiversity.
 Onkamojärvi (Russian: Онкамоярви) is a lake in Salla municipality Lapland Finland. It is located on the border of Finland and Russia most of the lake being on the Finnish side of the border. The lake's surface is 290.5 metres above sea level and its area is about 18 km².
 Matagalls is one of the highest mountains of the Montseny Massif Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1697.9 metres above sea level.
 Tuscarora Creek is a 7.7-mile-long (12.4 km) tributary of the Monocacy River in Frederick County Maryland in the United States.The creek rises at the eastern base of Catoctin Mountain about 6.5 miles (10.5 km) north-northwest of the city of Frederick and flows southeast about to its mouth at the Monocacy. The creek's watershed area is 15.28 square miles (39.6 km2).
 The Grosul River ( Hungarian: Gróssi-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Romania.
 Mount Jefferson is a mountain located in Schoharie County of New York.Mount Jefferson is one of the two sources of the Delaware River.
 Lake Schwerin (German: Schweriner See) is a lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern northern Germany. It was named after the city Schwerin on its southwestern shore. The smaller town Bad Kleinen is on the north shore of the lake. Its surface is approximately 61.54 km² and its maximum depth is 52.4 metres. The natural outflow of the lake is the (channelized) river Stör a tributary of the Elde and part of the Elbe watershed.
 Devil's Fall is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Vețca River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Walbach (Agger) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Bolovăniș River is a tributary of the Neagra Broșteni River in Romania.
 The Molidiș River is a tributary of the Ilva River in Romania.
 Impact gardening is the process by which impact events stir the outermost crusts of moons and other celestial objects with no atmospheres. In the particular case of the Moon this is more often known as lunar gardening. Planetary bodies lacking an atmosphere will generally also lack any erosional processes with the possible exception of volcanism and as a result impact debris accumulates at the object's surface as a rough soil commonly referred to as regolith.
 The Fish River is a waterway in the U.S. state of Alaska. The 47-mile (76 km) long river rises in the Bendeleben Mountains and flows south to Golovnin Lagoon before emptying into Golovnin Bay Norton Sound and the Bering Sea. The basin formed by the Fish River is known for its placer gold deposits and in particular the Niukluk River and its tributaries; production from this tributary valley is reported to be more than from any other place in the region.
 The Hocheisspitze is a 2523 m high mountain in the Berchtesgaden Alps over which the border between Germany and Austria runs. It is also the highest mountain in the eponymous Hocheis Group that belongs to the Hochkalter Massif.The first reported ascent of the Hocheisspitze was by Hermann von Barth on 6 September 1868 although it is suspected that the mountain had been climbed much earlier.The unmarked normal route runs over the Hocheis Cirque (Hocheiskar) up to the summit from the west.
 The Schimbrig is a mountain of the Emmental Alps located on the border between the cantons of Lucerne and Obwalden.The closest locality is Schüpfheim on the western side.
 The Arapaoa River is a northeastern arm of the Kaipara Harbour in Northland New Zealand. Officially designated as a river it is some 17 kilometres in length and an average of three kilometres in width.
 The Tidnish River is a short Canadian river on the Isthmus of Chignecto along the interprovincial boundary with New Brunswick and Nova Scotia.Rising in the northwest corner of Cumberland County east of the interprovincial boundary the river's largest tributaries are the West Branch Tidnish River Little West Branch Tidneish River Paradise Brook and Chapman's Brook.The river becomes a tidal estuary at the community of Tidnish Bridge where the Chignecto Ship Railway constructed a large stone masonry bridge across it. 
 The Plaiu River is a headwater of the Valea Nimăieştilor in Romania.
 The Ibicuí-Mirim River (Portuguese Rio Ibicuí-Mirim) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil. It joins the Santa Maria River to form the Ibicuí River.
 The Prelucele River is a tributary of the Ţibleş River in Romania.
 Mendocino Pass is a mountain pass located in the Northern Coast Ranges in California. The pass in the extreme northwest corner of Glenn County is at an elevation of about 5006 feet (1526 m) and at the gap two dirt roads intersect. One of them is US Forest Highway 7 a dirt road connecting two disjointed sections of State Route 162. The pass and dirt roads are closed in winter due to heavy snowfall.
 Zacate Creek is a small stream of water located in Webb County Texas which runs through Laredo Texas. The creek is formed inside Laredo Texas city limits and runs southwest for 10 miles until it connects to the Rio Grande. Zacate Creek has several ditches leading to it. The terrain surrounding the creek is mostly clay. The vegetation surrounding the creek is mostly made up of mesquite cacti and grasses.
 Pangong Tso (Tibetan: ང་གོང་མཚོ Wylie: spang gong mtsho; Hindi: पांगोंग त्सो; Chinese: 班公错; pinyin: bangongcuo) Tibetan for long narrow enchanted lake also referred to as Pangong Lake is an endorheic lake in the Himalayas situated at a height of about 4350 m (14270 ft). It is 134 km (83 mi) long and extends from India to Tibet. Approximately 60% of the length of the lake lies in Tibet. The lake is 5 km (3.1 mi) wide at its broadest point. All together it covers 604 km2.
 The Southern Rhaetian Alps (Südliche Rätische Alpen in German Alpi Retiche meridionali in Italian) are a mountain range in the southern part of the Alps.
 Ma On Shan (Chinese: 馬鞍山) is a saddle-shaped peak in east of Tolo Harbour in the New Territories of Hong Kong. With a peak of 702 metres (2303 ft) it stands among the ten highest mountains in Hong Kong. The mountain borders Sha Tin and Tai Po districts.Iron ore was mined here in the past. An extensive network of tunnels is buried under the hill.
 Saglivatnet is a Norwegian lake that lies in Nærøy municipality in Nord-Trøndelag and Bindal municipality in Nordland.
 The Sécure River is a river of Bolivia.
 Baillarge Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is the second waterway to press eastward from Admiralty Inlet into Baffin Island. The southern point of its mouth is named Ship Point.
 Snowslide Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County Idaho United States located in the Smoky Mountains in Sawtooth National Forest. The lake is most easily accessed via trail 070. The lake is located east of Paradise Peak.
 Mount Jōnen (常念岳 Jōnen-dake) is one of the 100 Famous Japanese Mountains reaching the height of 2857 m (9373 ft). It is situated in Japan's Hida Mountains in Nagano Prefecture and in Chūbu-Sangaku National Park. The shape of the mountain looks like the triangle. It can be seen from Azumi Basin.
 Tumbledown Mountain is a mountain in Franklin County Maine.The mountain is a popular hiking spot in western Maine with trailheads located on Byron Road in unincorporated Township 6 north of Weld. It is distinguished by an alpine pond (known locally as Crater Lake or Tumbledown Pond) just below the summit. Tumbledown Mountain is also located near Coos Canyon a mountain stream that is an excellent place for a swim during the summer months.
 The Bătrâna Mică River is a tributary of the Sadu River in Romania.
 Vulture Glacier is in Glacier National Park U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated just south of Vulture Peak at an average elevation of 8000 feet (2400 m) above sea level. Between 1966 and 2005 Vulture Glacier lost over 50 percent of its surface area.
 Davenport Glacier is located in a cirque to the southeast of Boston Peak North Cascades National Park in the U.S. state of Washington. The glacier is approximately .20 mi (0.32 km) in length resting at between 8000 and 7500 ft (2400 and 2300 m). The glacier is also northeast of Sahale Mountain and separated from the much larger Boston Glacier to the north by an arête called Ripsaw Ridge.
 The Pârâul Satului is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Lake Pupuke is a heart-shaped freshwater lake occupying a volcanic explosion crater (or maar) between the suburbs of Takapuna and Milford on the North Shore of Auckland New Zealand. The heart shape is a result of its formation by the linking of two circular craters - a larger one forming most of the lake and a smaller one forming the arm in the northeast. Separated from the sea by less than 200 m at one point it has a circumference of about 4.5 km and reaches 57 m in depth.
 The Beaverdell Range is a subrange of the Okanagan Highland in the Southern Interior of British Columbia located between the West Kettle and Kettle Rivers and running nearly due south from Big White Mountain which is its highest summit and the highest in the Okanagan Highland and lies near the head of the Kettle.The Beaverdell Range gets its name from the community of Beaverdell which lies on its southwest flank midway along the West Kettle River which was also the route of the Kettle Valley Railway now a biking and hiking trail that is part of the Trans-Canada Trail.The range is of considerable mineralogical interest as it is known to contain large deposits of uranium for which British Columbia has had for many years a mining moratorium. 
 Division Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1919 Charles D. Walcott.
 Mandekal Aru is a river in Northern Province Sri Lanka. The river rises in western Mullaitivu District before flowing north through Mullaitivu District and Kilinochchi District. The river empties into Palk Bay.
 The Pointes de Mourti are a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps overlooking the glacier of Moiry in the canton of Valais.
 The Limaní River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Callaqui is a stratovolcano located in the Bío Bío Region of Chile. It is a large ice-capped basaltic andesite volcano which is elongated in the northeast-southwest direction due to its construction along an 11 km (7 mi) long fissure. Numerous cinder cones and lava flows have erupted from vents along this linear fissure. Most of the activity at Callaqui has been fumarolic.
 Island Creek is a tributary of the Guyandotte River 18.1 miles (29.1 km) long in southern West Virginia in the United States. Via the Guyandotte and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 105 square miles (270 km2) in a rural area on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau in the Logan Coalfield.
 Cùl Beag is a mountain in Assynt in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland. It is 15 km north of Ullapool and lies to the south of Cùl Mòr and to the east of the more well known but lower Stac Pollaidh.Cùl Beag is within the Drumrunie Estate which was purchased in a community buyout in 2005. It is now owned by the Assynt Foundation.
 Sơn Trà Mountain (Vietnamese: Núi Sơn Trà) known to American soldiers during the Vietnam War as Monkey Mountain is a mountain located on Sơn Trà Peninsula in Sơn Trà district Đà Nẵng Vietnam overlooking the Bay of Đà Nẵng and the East Sea. Đà Nẵng Port's Tiên Sa Terminal is located at the base of the mountain's western face as is nearby Tiên Sa Beach. A military base (now little used) is also located on the mountain.
 Cacapon Mountain (/kəˈkeɪpən/ kə-KAY-pən) runs northwest through Morgan and Hampshire counties in West Virginia's Eastern Panhandle rising to its greatest elevation of 2618 feet (798 m) above sea-level at High Point. Cacapon Mountain is a folded mountain ridge belonging to the Appalachian Ridge and Valley Province.
 The Tournette (2351 m) is a mountain in the Bornes Massif in Haute-Savoie France. It is the highest of the mountains surrounding Lake Annecy.It is possible to drive most of the way up parking at Chalet De L'Aulp. From here the summit can be reached via a well marked path in around 3 hours. The final third of the climb requires some scrambling but there are chains and ladders in all the difficult sections.[citation needed]
 Hen Comb is a fell in the west of the English Lake District. One of the Loweswater Fells it lies to the south of Loweswater lake and Loweswater village. Although of only moderate height its ascent can be difficult as it is largely surrounded by bogs.
 Blue Creek is a 53-mile (85 km) long tributary of the Owyhee River in the U.S. state of Idaho. Beginning at an elevation of 6097 feet (1858 m) in central Owyhee County it flows generally south through the Owyhee Desert and near the community of Riddle where it is roughly paralleled by Idaho State Highway 51. It then flows into the Duck Valley Indian Reservation to its mouth near the Idaho/Nevada border northwest of Owyhee Nevada at an elevation of 5289 feet (1612 m).
 Lake Man (漫湖 Manko) is an area of wetlands in Japan that is located between the cities of Naha Okinawa and Tomigusuku and within Manko Park. Despite being called Lake Man it is in fact a wetland and not a lake. Lake Man covers .11 square kilometres (0.042 sq mi).Lake Man is close to Naha Port located at the confluence of the lower reaches of the Kokuba River and the Noha River to the south of Naha.
 Scotts Flat Reservoir is an artificial lake in the Tahoe National Forest of Nevada County California 6.5 miles (10.5 km) east of Nevada City. The lake is at an elevation of 3100 ft (940 m) and has a surface area of 850 acres (340 ha) with 7.5 miles (12.1 km) of shoreline lined with pine trees.
 Great Island Pond known officially as Island Pond is a 77-acre (310000 m2) pond in Plymouth Massachusetts one of three ponds known as Island Pond within the town (One is located near South Pond village and the other is located in the Cedarville section of town). The pond is located in the eastern portion of The Pinehills development south of Little Island Pond.
 Pico Naiguatá is the sommet of a mountain in South America near Caracas Venezuela part of the Venezuelan Coastal Range of which it is the highest peak. It is situated on the border of the Venezuelan states Miranda and Vargas. With a summit elevation of 2765 metres (9072 ft) and a topographic isolation of 2455 metres (8054 ft) above sea level it is the highest point in both of these states and the second highest of the Caribbean after Pico Duarte in the Dominican Republic.
 Sproat Lake named after entrepreneur and colonial official Gilbert Malcolm Sproat is a lake in central Vancouver Island. Roughly cross-shaped with four arms it is over 25 kilometres in length but has 300 kilometres of shoreline. Home of the last Martin Mars type waterbombers and near Port Alberni Sproat Lake is a popular summer recreational area for the Alberni Valley. Highway 4 runs along its scenic north shore.
 The Nauderer Hennesiglspitze is a mountain in the Ötztal Alps on the border between Tyrol Austria and South Tyrol Italy.
 The River Dun is a river flowing through the counties of Wiltshire and Berkshire in England. It rises near Great Bedwyn Wiltshire and flows north-east into Berkshire where it joins the River Kennet at Hungerford ultimately draining to the North Sea via the Thames.The Dun valley is an important transport route through the high chalklands between the London Basin to the east and the Vale of Pewsey to the west.
 The Shinnecock Canal (also known as the Shinnecock and Peconic Canal) is a canal that cuts across the South Fork of Long Island at Hampton Bays New York. At 4700 feet (1400 m) long it connects Great Peconic Bay and the north fork of Long Island with Shinnecock Bay and the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Sénia River (Catalan: Riu de la Sénia Spanish: Río Cenia) is a river in the provinces of Castellón and Tarragona Spain. It begins its course at 1200 m in the Barranc del Salt Ports de Beseit. limestone massif near La Pobla de Benifassà. The Sénia flows from west to east marking the historical limits between Catalonia (Montsià) and the Valencian Community (Baix Maestrat). It ends its course in the Mediterranean Sea at Sòl de Riu. between Vinaròs and Alcanar municipalities.
 The Sarabia River is a river of Mexico.
 Maja e Këndrevicës is a mountain in Gjirokastër County southern Albania. It is 15 km west of the town Tepelenë and 36 km southeast of the city Vlorë. At 2121 m elevation it is the highest point of the mountain range Mali i Gribës which stretches between the valleys of the rivers Vjosë and Shushicë.
 Schadenbeek is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Valea Cerbului River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 Mount Con Reid is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 23 km (14 mi) east of Gold River and 4 km (2 mi) northeast of El Piveto Mountain.
 The Vâlcoi River is a tributary of the Pârâul Buciumanilor in Romania.
 Chandrabhaga is one of the important rivers in Amravati district of Maharashtra. As a tributary of Purna it forms a part of Tapti-Purna river system.The main stream of the river rises just down the Vairat Plateau in the Chikhaldara hills and takes an eastward course draining the south slopes of Chikhaldara and Gawilgarh plateaus. There is a dam on the river as it comes out of the valley.
 Murtle Lake is a lava dammed lake located in Wells Gray Provincial Park east-central British Columbia Canada. It is fed primarily by the Murtle River which rises from a large unnamed glacier in the Cariboo Mountains at an elevation of 2300 m (7546 ft) and flows southwest for 18 km (11 mi) to the lake. The Murtle River also drains Murtle Lake then flows southwest for 36 km (22 mi) into the Clearwater River. Murtle Lake looks like a reversed letter 'L' with two arms.
 Bobrownica is a river of Poland a tributary of the Skrwa Prawa.
 The Neath and Tennant Canals are two independent but linked canals in South Wales that are usually regarded as a single canal. The Neath Canal was opened from Glynneath to Melincryddan to the south of Neath in 1795 and extended to Giant's Grave in 1799 in order to provide better shipping facilities. With several small later extensions it reached its final destination at Briton Ferry. No traffic figures are available but it was successful as dividends of 16 per cent were paid on the shares.
 Starzlach is a river in the Allgäu region of the Bavarian Alps. Located in the Northwest of Rohrmoos and West of Oberstdorf it flows into the river Breitach. Its main tributaries are Hörnlegraben and Letzenbach.
 Curuquetê River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Lake Barrine is a freshwater lake situated on the eastern parts of Atherton Tableland in Far North Queensland Australia close to Lake Eacham. The lake and surrounds are protected within the Crater Lakes National Park and are accessible via the Gillies Highway.
 The Selhiș River is a tributary of the Dașor River in Romania.
 Taylor Bayou is a river in Texas.
 The Wiss Platte (also known as Weissplatte or Weißplatte) is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps located on the border between Austria and Switzerland. It lies between Schruns (Vorarlberg) and St. Antönien (Graubünden).
 Mount Tō (塔ノ岳 Tō-no-dake) is a 1490.9 m (4891 ft)　mountain of Tanzawa Mountains located on the border of Kiyokawa Hadano and Yamakita in Kanagawa Japan.
 The Topolița River is a tributary of the Sohodol River in Romania.
 Pic de Médécourbe (Catalan: Pic de Medacorba) is a mountain in Europe that sits on the western tripoint boundary of Andorra France and Spain. It is 2914 metres (9560 ft) tall. It overlooks Étang de Soulcem a large artificial lake used for hydroelectricity and the Vicdessos valley.There is also an eastern tripoint of Andorra France and Spain approximately 6 km south of Pas de la Casa.
 The Strážov Mountains (Slovak: Strážovské vrchy) are a mountain range in northwestern Slovakia being part of Inner Western Carpathians and of the Fatra-Tatra Area. They are situated between the towns of Trenčín Považská Bystrica Rajec Prievidza and Bánovce nad Bebravou bordering White Carpathians and the Váh river in the northwest and west Javorníky in the north Malá Fatra in the east Vtáčnik and Nitra river in the south and Považský Inovec in the southwest.
 The Lorenzhorn is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located west of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the valleys of Vals and Hinterrhein. On its north side lies a glacier named Fanellgletscher.
 The Mingyi River (Chinese: 鸣矣河; pinyin: Míngyǐ Hé) is a tributary of the Tanglang River in Yunnan province southwestern China. The river rises in southwestern Jinning County and the upper stream is called the Chemu River (Chinese: 车木河; pinyin: Chēmù Hé) . Another stream rises in the far south of Anning City. These two streams flow together near Bajie and from there the Mingyi flows north through southern Anning City into Tanglang River. The total length of the Mingyi is 77 km.
 The Bratia River is a tributary of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 The Manhan River is a 27.6-mile-long (44.4 km) river in western Massachusetts. It is a tributary of the Connecticut River.The river begins near the boundary between the towns of Huntington and Westhampton Massachusetts and flows southeast to White Reservoir and then Tighe Carmody Reservoir in Southampton. The river continues southeast then turns northeasterly and flows through the middle of Easthampton to its confluence with the Connecticut River at a westward curve called The Oxbow.
 Wittstrauch is a mountain of Hesse Germany.de:Wittstrauch
 Uru Uru Lake is a lake in the Oruro Department in Bolivia. It is fed by the Desaguadero River. It is situated at an elevation of 3686 m its surface area is 214 km².The lake is formed by the flow of the Desaguadero River at its mouth into the Lake Poopó over the extensive sedimentation known as Santo Tomás from the small hermitage found there that was completely inundated. The formation dates to 1962.
 The Șereniac River is a tributary of the Caraş River in Romania.
 The Viișoara River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 Craig Pass (el.8262 feet (2518 m)) is a mountain pass located on the Continental Divide in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming. The Grand Loop Road crosses the pass approximately 8 miles (13 km) east of Old Faithful Geyser.The pass was named by Hiram Chittenden for Ida M. Craig (Wilcox) the daughter of a close friend General James Craig.
 The Trent River is a fresh water river of the coastal plain region of eastern North Carolina. It flows in an easterly direction from its origin approximately 15 miles southwest of Kinston North Carolina and traverses portions of Lenoir County Jones County and Craven County prior to emptying into the Neuse River at New Bern North Carolina. Trenton and Pollocksville are small towns that lie along its course.
 The North York River is a river in the municipality of Dysart et al Haliburton County in Central Ontario Canada. It is in the southern extension of Algonquin Provincial Park is in the Saint Lawrence River drainage basin and is a left tributary of the York River.The river originates at Little Branch Lake in geographic Clyde Township. It flows southeast south and west to Billings Lake in geographic Bruton Township.
 The Waimata River is a river of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows predominantly south to reach the city of Gisborne. Here it meets the waters of the Taruheru River and the combined waters flow to the northern end of Poverty Bay as the Turanganui River.
 Betsiboka River is a 525-kilometre (326 mi) long river in central-north Madagascar. It flows northwestward and empties to Bombetoka Bay forming a large delta. It originates to the east of Antananarivo. The river is surrounded in mangroves. The river is distinct for its red-coloured water which is caused by river sediments. The river carries an enormous amount of reddish-orange silt to the sea.
 Timsher (Timshor) is a river in Perm Krai Russia right tributary of South Keltma River. It is 235 km in length with drainage basin 2650 km². It starts in northwestern part of Perm Krai in Gaynsky District near the border with Komi Republic. Flows into South Keltma in 15 km from its mouth. There are many swamps and lakes along the river.Main tributaries: Left: Okos Chepets; Right: Myi Bortom.
 Lago di Toblino is a lake in Trentino Italy. At an elevation of 245 m its surface area is 0.67 km².
 Mill Creek Mountain is a continuous mountain ridge that runs northeast through Hampshire and Hardy counties in the Eastern Panhandle region of the U.S. state of West Virginia. Rising to its greatest elevation of 2650 feet (808 m) at High Knob Mill Creek is a folded mountain ridge belonging to the Ridge-and-Valley Appalachians.
 Savala (Russian: Савала) is a river in Tambov and Voronezh Oblasts of Russia. It is a right tributary of the Khopyor River (a tributary of the Don River). The Savala is 285 km in length with a drainage basin of 7720 km². It flows over the southern part of the Oka-Don plain. Its main tributary is the Yelan River. Most of the rivers waters are from melting snow. Its average discharge is 20 m³/s.
 Pichqaqucha (Quechua pichqa five qucha lake five lakes hispanicized spellings Pichcacocha Pichgacocha Pishcacocha) is a group of five lakes in Peru. They lie in the Huánuco Region Ambo Province Conchamarca District.
 Cheam Peak or Mount Cheam (pronounced /ʃɛm/ and /ˈʃiːæm/ in English [ˈʃiːəm] in Halqemeylem the local indigenous language referring to the lowland below. The Halqemeylem name for the mountain is Lhílheqey - Theeth-uhl-kay - from the word Lhelqey - glacier or rehydrate referring to the west ridge of the peak).
 The Pacajá River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Hesiodus is a lunar impact crater located on the southern fringes of Mare Nubium to the northwest of the crater Pitatus. Starting near the northwest rim of Hesiodus is the wide cleft named Rima Hesiodus. This rille runs 300 km east-southeastward to the Palus EpidemiarumThe low rim of Hesiodus is heavily worn with the southwest rim being slightly intruded upon by Hesodius A. The later is an unusual circular crater with a concentric inner wall.
 The São Bartolomeu River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Arșița Mare River is a tributary of the Secu River in Romania.
 The Pârâul Scurt is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Cooby Dam is located about 17 km North of Toowoomba on Cooby Creek a tributary of Condamine River. Cooby Dam is the oldest of the Toowoomba city's three water supply dams constructed during the period 1938-41.
 The Waal or Rivier Waal (Waal River) is the main distributary branch of river Rhine flowing through the Netherlands. Approximately 80 km (50 mi) it is the major waterway connecting the port of Rotterdam to Germany. Before it reaches Rotterdam it joins with the Afgedamde Maas near Woudrichem to form the Boven Merwede. Along its length Nijmegen Tiel Zaltbommel and Gorinchem are towns of importance with direct access to the river.
 Mount Akhun (Ахун) is a stand-alone mountain in the Khostinsky City District of Sochi Russia. Wedged between the Matsesta and Khosta Rivers this karst massif is the highest point of the Sochi littoral.The peak of Greater Akhun is 663 metres (2175 ft) above sea level. Its summit is marked by a 100-foott-tall Romanesque tower. It was built in 1936 from limestone ashlar. The tower offers panoramic views of the Western Caucasus as far south as Gagra and Pitsunda.
 Antarasu (Quechua anta copper Ancash Quechua rasu snow ice mountain with snow snow-covered copper mountain hispanicized spelling Antarazo) is a mountain in the Chunta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 5180 metres (16995 ft) high. It is located in the Huancavelica Region Castrovirreyna Province Santa Ana District and in the Huancavelica Province Huancavelica District.
 The Nagold is a river in Baden-Württemberg southwestern Germany. A tributary of the Enz it gave its name to the town of Nagold. It is 90.4 kilometres in length and has its source in Urnagold in the municipality of Seewald in the Northern Black Forest and flows in an easterly direction past Nagold Calw and Liebenzell and joins the Enz in Pforzheim near what is now the Parkhotel Pforzheim.
 The Maya Mountains are a mountain range in Belize and eastern Guatemala. The highest peaks are Doyle's Delight at 1124 metres (3688 ft) and Victoria Peak at 1120 metres (3670 ft). The Maya Mountains and associated foothills contain a number of important Mayan ruins including the sites of Lubaantun Nim Li Punit Cahal Pech and Chaa Creek; the most eminent nature reserve within the range is the Cockscomb Basin Wildlife Sanctuary.
 Coxs River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Central Tablelands Blue Mountains and Macarthur regions of New South Wales Australia.
 The Bulge is a mountain located in Coos County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Pilot Range of the White Mountains.
 Slatterys Lake is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Mount Hope River is a river in northeastern section of the U.S. state of Connecticut. The river is formed at the outlet of Morey Pond at the extreme northern end of Ashford Connecticut at the border of Union Connecticut and flows about 15 miles (24 km) south to Mansfield Hollow Lake just south of Mansfield Connecticut.
 Sagtindene is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Dhauliganga is one of the six source streams of the Ganges river. It meets the Alaknanda River at Vishnuprayag in Uttarakhand.
 Herbétet is a mountain in the Gran Paradiso massif a sub-group of the Graian Alps with an elevation of 3778 m. It is located between the Val di Cogne and Valsevaranche.
 Topaz Mountain is a summit in the Thomas mountain range of Utah east of the Thomas caldera. The summit and surrounding area is known for its relative abundance of semiprecious minerals including topaz red beryl and opal.
 The Peel Harvey Estuary is a natural estuary which lies roughly parallel to the coast of Western Australia and south of the town of Mandurah. The strip of land between the Indian Ocean and the estuary carries the Old Coast Road and to the east is the Forrest Highway which is the main thoroughfare between Perth and the coastal towns of the south west corner of the state including Bunbury and Busselton.
 The Terpezița River is a tributary of the Desnățui River in Romania.
 Tsitsutl Peak is the highest volcanic peak of the Rainbow Range in British Columbia Canada located within Tweedsmuir South Provincial Park 43 km (27 mi) northwest of Anahim Lake and 44 km (27 mi) northeast of Thunder Mountain.
 The Sella Pass (German: Sellajoch; Ladin: Jëuf de Sela or Jouf de Sela; Italian: Passo Sella) (2244 m) is a high mountain pass between the provinces of Trentino and South Tyrol in Italy.It connects the Val Gherdëina in South Tyrol and Canazei in the Fascia Valley in Trentino.With Pordoi Pass Gardena Pass and Campolongo Pass this pass forms a quadrangle around the Sella group. In the winter ski trails are prepared that make the entire round in both directions known as the Sella Ronda.
 The Casselman River is a 56.5-mile-long (90.9 km) tributary of the Youghiogheny River in western Maryland and Pennsylvania in the United States.The Casselman River rises in Garrett County atop the plateau of western Maryland as two branches the south one east of Meadow Mountain the north one farther west between Meadow Mountain and Negro Mountain. The two branches flow northward combining just southwest of Grantsville Maryland.
 The Grindstone River is a 6.7-mile-long (10.8 km) river of Minnesota a tributary of the Kettle River. Its name is derived either from the Dakota Iŋswú watpá (Small Stones River) or from the Ojibwe Zhiigwanaabikokaa-ziibi (River abundant with grind stones). In Ojibwe Hinckley (Gaa-zhiigwanaabikokaag) is named after this river.The South Fork Grindstone River rises in a wetland complex in Kroschel Township Kanabec County and flows south and east.
 Mount Rhone is the highest peak (2020 metres (6630 feet)) in the Bucknell Ridge in the northeast part of the Britannia Range. Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names (US-ACAN) after Christopher M. Rhone a communications officer with the U.S.
 The Vaidnei River is a tributary of the Scroafa River in Romania.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Danube River in Romania.
 Topolog River redirects here. For the Olt River tributary see Topolog River (Olt).Topolog is a river in Dobruja Romania tributary of the Danube. It rises near the commune of Topolog in the Casimcea Plateau of Tulcea County forming the Topolog Depression which divides the Plateau in two parts: the Casimcea Plateau proper (to the east) and the Hârșova Plateau (to the west).
 San Felipe Creek is a 14 miles (23 km) stream that originates in the western Diablo Range in Santa Clara County California. It flows south by southeast through two historic ranchos Rancho Los Huecos and Rancho Cañada de San Felipe y Las Animas before it joins Las Animas Creek just above Anderson Reservoir. One of the nine major tributaries of Coyote Creek the creek’s waters pass through the Santa Clara Valley and San Jose on the way to San Francisco Bay.
 Oenopides is a lunar crater that is located near the northwestern limb of the Moon and so appears foreshortened when viewed from the Earth. This formation lies due south of the prominent crater Pythagoras and is attached to the southwest rim of Babbage E. The southwest rim of Oenopides is part of the northern edge of Oceanus Procellarum.
 The Broken River is a minor river in Victoria Australia that is a part of the larger Murray-Darling Basin. It rises in the mountains near Mansfield before flowing 225 kilometres into the Goulburn River near Shepparton.
 Mønin is a mountain of Buskerud in southern Norway.
 Lake Pomacanchi is a lake in Peru.
 Selbe River (Mongolian: Сэлбэ гол) is a river in central and northern Mongolia. It is notable as being one of the rivers that flows though Ulaanbaatar city.
 The Ach is a tributary of the Ammer river in Bavaria Germany. It is the main river flowing through the Staffelsee.
 The Piney Buttes el. 2651 feet (808 m) are a set of flat-topped hills or buttes northeast of Jordan Montana in Garfield County Montana.
 The Agnes River is a river in the Lake Huron drainage basin in Unorganized Sudbury District in Northeastern Ontario Canada.The river begins at an Sinaminda Lake and flows southeast to its mouth at the Spanish River which flows to the North Channel on Lake Huron.
 The Valea Cornetului River is a headwater of the Nădrag River in Romania.
 The Great Stone of Fourstones or the Big Stone as it is known locally is a glacial deposit on the moorlands of Tatham Fells situated in North Yorkshire England near Bentham in the District of Craven and 10 metres (11 yd) from the county border with Lancashire.The name suggests that there were once four stones but now there is only one. The other three were possibly broken up for scythe sharpening stones or building stone centuries ago.
 Towallum River a perennial river of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Ragged Mountains are a small chain of rugged hills—an offshoot of the Blue Ridge Mountains—southwest of Charlottesville Virginia.
 Beke is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 The Valea Vopselelor River is a tributary of the Valea Peşterii River in Romania.
 West Rock Ridge or West Rock of south-central Connecticut with a high point of 700 feet (213 m) is a 7-mile (11 km) long trap rock mountain ridge located on the west side of New Haven. The ridge forms a continuous line of exposed cliffs visible from metropolitan New Haven and points west.
 The Racehorse River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southeast into Whangaruru Harbour 22 kilometres east of Paihia.
 The Elk Mountains are a mountain range in Elko County Nevada. They are contained within the Jarbidge Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The range is considered to be a sub-range of the Jarbidge Mountains. The highest point is Elk Mountain.
 The Rewa River (Guyana) is a river of Guyana.
 The Ach is a river in Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Flexen Pass (el. 1773 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Austrian Alps in the Bundesland of Vorarlberg.It connects the upper Lech River valley between Warth Lech and Zürs with the Klostertal near Stuben.The pass road was built in 1940 and leads to the road over the Arlberg pass. It became a necessity when the Arlberg railroad was opened in 1884. Before that traffic mostly went over the Tannberg by way of Oberstdorf.The first stretch of road was opened in October 1897 up to the pass.
 Uebeschisee is a small lake at Uebeschi in the Upper Gürbetal near Thun Switzerland. It is located adjacent to the municipalities of Höfen Amsoldingen and Uebeschi. The lake has a surface area of 14.2 hectares and a maximum depth of 15 m. Rotmoos-Bach drains it into the larger Amsoldingersee.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Gulf of Aden (Arabic: خليج عدن‎ Ḫalīǧ ʻAdan Somali: Gacanka Cadmeed) is a gulf located in the Arabian Sea between Yemen on the south coast of the Arabian Peninsula and Somalia in the Horn of Africa. In the northwest it connects with the Red Sea through the Bab-el-Mandeb strait which is about 20 miles wide. It shares its name with the port city of Aden in Yemen which forms the northern shore of the gulf.
 Nephin or Nefin (Irish: Néifinn) at 806 metres (2646 ft) is the second-highest peak in Connacht (after Mweelrea) Ireland. It is to the west of Lough Conn in County Mayo.
 Dowland is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 100 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1979. Dowland is named for the English composer John Dowland who lived from 1562 to 1626.
 Mount Glory (10032 feet (3058 m) is located in the Teton Range Caribou-Targhee National Forest in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is situated just north of Teton Pass.
 The White River (Jamaica) is a river of Jamaica.
 Calthorpe Broad is an isolated broad within The Broads National Park three miles north east of Stalham Norfolk England.English Nature manages it as a National Nature Reserve one of over 200 NNRs. It is only 44 hectares but of interest because of its plant life. It is detached from the main network of broads and rivers but is part of the River Thurne catchment area.
 Dorche is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Little Mékinac North River flows from North to South in three municipalities (Sainte-Thècle Grandes-Piles and Saint-Tite) in the region of Middle Mauricie in administrative region of Mauricie in Quebec in Canada.
 The Rediu River is a tributary of the Bahluieț River in Romania.
 Cephissus (Greek: Κηφισός or Κηφισσός Kifisós) is a river flowing through the Athens agglomeration Greece. The Bibliotheca (3.15.1) declares that Erechtheus' wife Praxithea was daughter of Phrasimus (otherwise unknown to us) by Diogenia (otherwise unknown to us) daughter of Cephissus.The source of the river is in the saddle between the Parnitha and Penteli mountains. From there it flows generally southwest until it flows into the Phaleron Bay between Neo Faliro and Moschato.
 The Purcărețu River is a tributary of the Păscoaia River in Romania.
 Byron Peak is a 4590 feet (1399 m) mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska located in Chugach National Forest.
 Jebibong is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 710 metres.
 McKellar is a lunar impact crater on the Moon's far side and it cannot be viewed directly from the Earth. It lies to the southwest of the crater Crookes and the ray system from this impact covers the floor and sides of McKellar. To the south is the slightly smaller Bok.This crater is somewhat eroded with a small crater along the northwestern rim. The interior floor is relatively level except for a cluster of three ridges arrayed to the north and west of the midpoint.
 Cabaraya is a stratovolcano in Bolivia. It lies between the volcanoes Isluga and Tata Sabaya immediately east of the border with Chile.
 Sierra de Aracena is the westernmost mountain range of the Sierra Morena Andalusia Spain. It is located in the northern part of Huelva Province.The range is named after the town of Aracena.
 Lake Rotomata is a lake in the Northland Region of New Zealand.
 The Ripoll is a river in the comarca of Vallès Occidental Catalonia Spain. It covers the vast majority of the shire crossing it from north to south and flows into the river Besòs near Barcelona.
 Lancaster Sound (Inuktitut ᑕᓪᓗᕈᑎᐅᑉ ᑕᕆᐅᖓ Tallurutiup Tariunga) is a body of water in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. It is located between Devon Island and Baffin Island forming the eastern entrance to the Parry Channel and the Northwest Passage. East of the sound lies Baffin Bay; to the west lies Viscount Melville Sound.
 Smiukampen is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Sambre is a river in northern France and in Wallonia Belgium left tributary of the Meuse River. The ancient Romans called the river Sabis.
 The Kalte Bode is the left-hand headstream of the River Bode in the High Harz Mountains in the German state of Saxony-Anhalt. It is 17 kilometres (11 mi) long.
 Hornsea Mere is the largest freshwater lake in YorkshireEngland and lies to the west of Hornsea in the East Riding.It covers an area of 467 acres (1.89 km2) is 2 miles (3.2 km) long 0.75 miles (1.2 km) at its widest point and 12 feet (3.7 m) at its deepest.Hornsea Mere is a centre for bird-watching and a tourist attraction offering rowing sailing boat trips and fishing.
 Mount Cristal is a mountain located in the Cristal Mountains in Minas Gerais in Brazil on the border between the municipalities of Santo Antônio do Rio Abaixo and Conceição do Mato Dentro
 Osuga River (Russian: река́ Осу́га) is a river in Tver Oblast of Russia. It flows out of the Valdai Hillsand follows into the Tvertsa River.The towns located along the river include: Kuvshinovo.
 The Comloș River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Dinner Lake is a 420-acre (2 km2) lake located in Sebring Florida. The lake averages about 10 feet (3 m) in depth and the deepest point is approximately 22 feet (7 m). Geologically speaking the lake is part of the Eastern Complex of the Central Ridge subdivision of the Lake Wales division of the Central Lake District (of Florida).Dinner Lake has one boat ramp located on the north shore of the lake.
 Wanakawri (Quechua hispanicized and mixed spellings Guanacaure Guanacauri Huanacaure Huanacauri Wanacaure Wanacauri Wanakaure Wanakauri) is an archaeological site and a legendary mountain in Peru. It is situated in the Cusco Region Cusco Province in the districts San Jerónimo and San Sebastián and in the Paruro Province Yaurisque District.
 The Río Bayamón is a river of Puerto Rico located in Bayamon.
 Roaring Fork River is a tributary of the Colorado River approximately 70 miles (110 km) long in west central Colorado in the United States. The river drains a populated and economically vital area of the Colorado Western Slope called the Roaring Fork Valley or Roaring Fork Watershed which includes the resort city of Aspen and the resorts of Aspen/Snowmass.It rises in the Sawatch Range in eastern Pitkin County on the west side of Independence Pass on the continental divide.
 Escheberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 The West Dart River is one of the two main tributaries of the River Dart in Devon England.Its source is near Lower White Tor 1.5 km north of Rough Tor on Dartmoor. It flows south to Two Bridges then south east past Hexworthy to meet the East Dart River at Dartmeet.
 The Prejba River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 Saltwater Creek is a creek in Rothwell Queensland. It flows north from Hays Inlet and separates Mango Hill from Rothwell creating a border for Redcliffe City. Its name derives from the water being in fact salt water.
 The Col du Bonhomme (French pronunciation: ​[kɔl dy bɔ.nɔm] ; 949 m (3114 ft)) is a mountain pass in the Vosges Mountains of France. The pass connects Kaysersberg (Haut-Rhin) with Saint-Dié-des-Vosges (Vosges) (east – west) and is also crossed by the Route des Crêtes (north – south). The pass takes its name from the nearby village of Le Bonhomme 6 km to the east.
 Hakkloa is a regulated lake in Nordmarka in Oslo Norway. Hakkloa drains through the river Hakkloelva to the lake Bjørnsjøen and further to Skjærsjøen and Maridalsvannet.
 The Jintotolo Channel (or Jintotolo Strait) is the body of water that connects the Sibuyan Sea with the Visayan Sea. It is located between the Philippine islands of Panay and Masbate and is an important shipping route to and from the Central Visayas.Jintotolo Island (2010 population of 1454) and the 3 small islets of the Zapatos Islands (2010 population of 585) lie in the middle of the channel.
 The Lawashi River is a river in Unorganized Kenora District in Northwestern Ontario Canada. The river is a tributary of James Bay.
 The Water of Leith (also known as Ōwheo the River Leith or Leith Stream) is a small river in the South Island of New Zealand.It rises to the north of the city of Dunedin flowing for 14 kilometres southeast through the northern part of the city and the campus of the University of Otago before reaching the Otago Harbour.
 The Juno River is a river of Fiordland New Zealand. It rises west of Lake Shirley and flows westward into the Tasman Sea between Caswell Sound and Charles Sound.
 The Ferigari River is a tributary of the Cerna River in Romania. The upper reach of the river upstream of the Ferigari Gorges is also known as Rucăr River. The lower reach of the river downstream of the Ferigari Gorges in locally called Prolaz River.
 The Ustya (Russian: Устья) is a river in Kotlassky Krasnoborsky Ustyansky and Velsky Districts of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. A very short portion of the river also forms the boundary between Kotlassky District and Velikoustyuzhsky District of Vologda Oblast. It is a right tributary of the Vaga River. The length of the river is 477 kilometres (296 mi). The area of its basin 17500 square kilometres (6800 sq mi).
 Beinn a' Bheithir (Scottish Gaelic pronunciation: [peɲ ə ˈvehəɾʲ] 'Mountain of the Thunderbolt') is a mountain lying to the south of Ballachulish on the south side of Loch Leven in the Scottish Highlands.
 Suinsan is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 561 metres.
 Haller is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 Boskov Most Hydro Power Plant is a planned hydroelectric power plant in Macedonia that has five turbines with a nominal capacity of 14 MW each having a total capacity of 70 MW.
 Las Pilas (or El Hoyo) is a complex volcano located in the western part of Nicaragua. Part of a 30-km-long volcanic massif Las Pilas has a series of well preserved flank vents surrounding a central cone. Las Pilas last erupted in the 1950s and before that possibly in the 16th century.
 Ridge of Capard is a mountain in Laois Ireland. Ridge of Capard's summit is at an altitude of 509 metres (1585 ft) making it the third highest point in Laois the sixth highest in the Slieve Bloom Mountains and the 506th highest summit in Ireland.
 Bellinsgauzen is a lunar impact crater that lies in the southern part of Moon on the far side from the Earth. It is attached to the northern rim of the larger crater Berlage and within a half crater diameter of Cabannes to the west. North of Bellinsgauzen is the crater Bhabha.The outer rim of Bellinsgauzen is worn but the general shape is still intact. There are small craters lying along the inside and attached to the exterior of the rim to the southeast.
 Elsinore Peak is a named 3575-foot (1090 m) summit at the southern end of the mountain ridge running southeast from the vicinity east of El Cariso in the Elsinore Mountains in Riverside County California in the United States.
 Siva River (Russian: Сива) is a river in Udmurt Republic and Perm Krai in Russia a right tributary of the Kama River. The length of the river is 206 km the area of its drainage basin is 4870 km². It starts in Chastinsky District near village Pikhtovka. Then it flows through Bolshesosnovsky District of perm Krai and Votkinsky District of Udmurtia. Its mouth located downstream of dam of Votkinsk Hydroelectric Station.
 The Econlockhatchee River (Econ River for short) is a 87.7-kilometre-long (54.5 mi) north-flowing blackwater tributary of the St. Johns River that flows through Orange Seminole and Osceola counties in Florida. Its name means River of mounds.[citation needed] It flows through the eastern portion of the Orlando Metropolitan Area (east of State Road 417).The river flows north from its source Lake Conlin through the Econlockhatchee River Swamp (see below) south of State Road 528.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Căpuş river in Romania.
 Galinakopf is a mountain in on the border of Austria and Liechtenstein in the Rätikon range of the Eastern Alps with a height of 2198 metres (7211 ft).
 Volpertsberg is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Liala Peak in the Haramosh Valley (near Chogurunma Glacier) is 6985 metres (22917 ft) high. It was first climbed by the Hekiryou Alpine Club of Japan in 9 August 1975.
 The Izvorul Frumos River is a tributary of the Vasilatu River in Romania.
 Evitts Mountain is a stratigraphic ridge in the Ridge and Valley region of the Appalachian Mountains located in Bedford County Pennsylvania and Allegany County Maryland
 The Cam brook is a small river in Somerset England. It rises near Hinton Blewitt flows through Cameley Temple Cloud Camerton Dunkerton and Combe Hay. It then joins the Wellow Brook at Midford to form Midford Brook before joining the River Avon close to the Dundas Aqueduct.Along its length are the remains of the Somerset Coal Canal which originally took its water from Cam brook and serviced the Somerset coalfield.
 Reid Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in Davis Strait off of Baffin Island's Cumberland Sound.
 Ranco Lake (Spanish: Lago Ranco) is located in Ranco Province of Chile. It is the largest lake of Los Ríos Region and the fourth largest in Chile. Administratively Ranco Lake is split into three communes; La Unión Futrono and Lago Ranco. The lake hosts a series of islands of which Huapi Island is the largest. The western half of the lake is roughly circular while the eastern part features deep embayments.
 The Sirindhorn Reservoir is a reservoir in the Sirindhorn District of Ubon Ratchathani Province Thailand. The reservoir is formed by the damming of the Dom Noi River at the Sirindhorn Dam.The reservoir and dam power the Sirindhorn Hydropower Plant which has an installed capacity of 3 units of 12000 kilowatts each and annual energy production of 90 GWh.
 Balandin is a small crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies within the large walled plain Gagarin close to the eastern rim.Balandin is circular with a small interior floor. It is adjacent to slightly smaller craters to the east and west. This formation is otherwise undistinguished and appears much like a multitude of other small craters scattered across the lunar surface.
 The Valea Bisericii River is a tributary of the Cristur River in Romania.
 Sweetwater Creek is a tributary stream of the Tennessee River located in McMinn Monroe and Loudon counties in eastern Tennessee.The stream rises in McMinn County and flows toward the northeast paralleling the trend of the valleys and ridges for 29.3 miles (47.2 km) through Monroe and Loudon counties entering Watts Bar Reservoir in Loudon County at a location downstream from the city of Loudon and a short distance upstream from the I-75 bridge.
 The Opălnău River is a tributary of the Râul Negru in Romania.
 Plants Brook (originally Ebrook Ebrooke or East Brook) is a stream in Erdington and Sutton Coldfield West Midlands England.
 Heilsau is a river of Schleswig-Holstein Germany.
 The Sfântu Gheorghe River is a tributary of the Băiţa river in Romania.
 The Maton River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Yentna Glacier is a glacier in Denali National Park and Preserve in the U.S. state of Alaska. The glacier begins in the Alaska Range between Mount Russell and Mount Foraker moving southwest. It is the source of the east fork of the Yentna River. Lacuna Glacier is a major tributary and Dall Glacier enters the glacial valley just below Yentna Glacier's present terminus.
 Kozomor (Serbian Cyrillic: Козомор) is a mountain in western Serbia. Its highest peak Veliki Kozomor has an elevation of 1007 meters above sea level. It lies near the town of Kosjerić.
 Lauchlin Lake is a lake of Richmond County in north-eastern Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Glavaciocul Mic River is a tributary of the Glavacioc River in Romania.
 The Brăneasa River is a tributary of the Valea Ursului River in Romania.
 Mount Tarumae (樽前山 Tarumae-zan) is located in the Shikotsu-Toya National Park in Hokkaidō Japan. It is located near both Tomakomai and Chitose towns and can be seen clearly from both. It is on the shores of Lake Shikotsu a caldera lake. Tarumae is a 1041 metre active andesitic stratovolcano with a lava dome.
 The Valea Dracului River is a tributary of the Văleni in Romania.
 Mali i Zhlebit (Montenegrin and Serbian: Жљеб Žljeb) is a large mountain in north-western Kosovo and Rožaje Municipality eastern Montenegro. It is part of the Prokletije located between the mountains of Hajla and Mokna. Nearly all the mountain is in the territory of Kosovo. The White Drin river originates in the mountain. Zhlebit mountain also creates some of the eastern part of the Rugova Canyon.
 Tomuraushi Volcanic Group (トムラウシ火山群  Tomuraushi-kazangun) is a volcanic group in Hokkaidō Japan. Along with the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group they make up the Ishikari Mountains in Daisetsuzan National Park. The group consists of andesite and dacite stratovolcanoes and lava domes.
 Étang Saint-Nicolas is an artificial lake in Angers Maine-et-Loire France. Its surface is 3.6 ha.
 Ward Hill on the island of Hoy is the highest hill in Orkney Scotland. It lies at the north of the island between Moaness and Rackwick.The hill forms a curved ridge reminiscent of a 'J' in shape. The lower slopes are covered in heather and grass though the top of the ridge is covered in small stones with bare sandy soil. The highest summit is towards the northern end and is crowned by a trig point.
 Kłodnica (German: Klodnitz) is a river in the Upper Silesia region. It is about 75 km long and a right tributary of the Odra river.Along Kłodnica's shore are Polish cities of Katowice Kędzierzyn-Koźle Ruda Śląska Gliwice and Zabrze.There was also a Kłodnica Canal that opened in 1806. This water transport facility has been replaced by the Gliwice Canal.
 Choapa River or El Río Choapa is a river of Chile located in the Coquimbo Region. The river rises in the Andes at the confluence of the streams Totoral Leiva and Del Valle. The river then flows through the town of Salamanca before it meets with its main tributary the Illapel River. The Choapa then empties into the Pacific Ocean in the vicinity of Huentelauquén Cove about 35 km north of Los Vilos.The major settlement along the river is Salamanca.
 The Calder River is a river in southwestern Victoria Australia. It arises in the Port Campbell National Park in the Otway Ranges on the western side of Cape Otway and joins the Aire River shortly before it enters Bass Strait via Lake Costin and Lake Craven.It was named by the surveyor George Smythe after the River Calder in Yorkshire England similarly atributary of the River Aire.
 The Weiherburgbach originates above the Alpine Zoo of Innsbruck at 720 m above sea level and flows down in a southern direction to the Inn River. It has a length of 1.5 km and lies completely within a developed area.The creek provides the zoo with fresh water which is collected in a reservoir. The rest of the water flows further to the Hohen Weg where the creek joins the Inn.The grade of the creek is between A and B grade.
 The Little Saint Patrick River is a river of Grenada.
 Leimbach (Wupper) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Altaelva (Northern Sami: Álttáeatnu; Kven: Alattionjoki) is the third longest river in Finnmark county Norway. The river begins in the mountains and lakes in Kautokeino Municipality near the border with Troms county and Finland just south of Reisa National Park. The 240-kilometre (150 mi) long river then runs northward into Alta Municipality where it flows out into the Altafjorden in the town of Alta.
 The Pârâul Mare is a tributary of the Târnava Mare River in Romania.
 Elmė is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 17.4 kilometres and has a basin area of 45.1 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 Śmielec (1424 m a.s.l.) is a mountain peak situated in the western part of Karkonosze on Polish and Czech border within the Karkonosze National Park. The prak is covered in granite rubble.
 The Tijuco River (Portuguese Rio Tijuco) is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Paranaíba River which it joins in the reservoir created by São Simão Dam.
 Lake Higa is a small lake in eastern Burkina Faso close to the border with Niger. It drains into the Babangou which drains into the Niger. It has an area of 228 ha. It lies at an elevation of 271 m (889 feet). In 2000 the site around Lake Higa was included in the List of Ramsar wetlands of international importance.
 Haugan Mountain is a summit in Mineral County Montana at 5166 feet (1575 m). It is located just south of Interstate 90 and 2.1 miles (3.4 km) from the community of Haugan Montana.
 Sverdrup is a lunar crater that is located about one crater diameter from the southern pole of the Moon. It lies on the far side of the Moon with respect to the Earth in an area of the surface that is only illuminated by very oblique light from the Sun. The interior part of the crater is cloaked in perpetual darkness and thus has not been mapped using photography.
 The Pârâul Stânei is a tributary of the Lotru River in Romania.
 Maullazzo Lake is a lake in the Province of Messina Sicily Italy. At an elevation of 1400 m its surface area is 0.05 km².
 The Mühlsee or Lake Mills is a lake in Tyrol. It had an in- and outflow but it was buried in 2005. Nowadays the lake is without fresh water.The lake is mainly used for fish breeding; bathing is prohibited due to the small size. Sometimes the lake is plagued by algae. The lake can be reached by Streetcar Line 6 from Innsbruck or on foot from Lans.There are high reeds along the shore often hiding fen puddles which act like quicksand.
 The Anajás River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Shivasagar Lake (Hindi: Shivasagar) is a reservoir in the state of Maharashtra India. The lake was formed after the Koyna River was impounded by the Koyna Dam. It has a length of 50 km (31 mi) and depth of 80 m (262 ft)
 The Douglas Ranges are a subrange of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains of the Canadian province of British Columbia about 70 km east of downtown Vancouver north of the Fraser River and between the valleys of Stave and Harrison Lakes. They are approximately 4900 km² (1900 sq mi) in area.
 Cerro Zapaleri is an extinct volcano whose summit is the tripoint of the borders of Argentina Bolivia and Chile. It is part of Potosí Department (Bolivia) Jujuy Province (Argentina) and Antofagasta Region (Chile). The Bolivian portion of the mountain is protected within Eduardo Avaroa Andean Fauna National Reserve. Moreover it is close to the sector Salar de Tara-Salar de Aguas Calientes of Los Flamencos National Reserve Chile.
 Mont Ouzon (1880 m) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps in Haute-Savoie France.
 Batu Lawi (3°52'N 115°22'E) is a twin-peaked mountain in the Kelabit Highlands of Sarawak Malaysia (Borneo) that has played important roles in both ancient mythology and modern history. The taller 'male' peak is 2046 metres above sea level while the female summit is at 1850 metres. It is one of the highest mountains in the state of Sarawak.
 The Gilson Mountains are an 11-mile (18 km) long almost circular small mountain range adjacent the north terminus of the Canyon Mountains (due-north trendline) located in far eastern Juab County Utah.The mountain range is separated from the Canyon Mountains by the Sevier River and its narrow rivercourse and canyonlands where the river flows northeast then southwest then due-west past the southwest flank of the Gilson Mountains to enter the extreme northeast of the Sevier Desert.
 Mount Ungaran is a deeply eroded stratovolcano located in the south of Semarang Indonesia. There are no historical records about the mountain activities. Two active fumarole fields are found on the southern flanks.
 Q'umirqucha or Q'umir Qucha (Quechua q'umir green qucha lake green lake hispanicized spelling Jomercocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Cusco Region Quispicanchi Province Marcapata District. It is situated at a height of about 4550 metres (14928 ft). Q'umirqucha lies south-east of the mountain Wisk'achani and the larger lake Warusqucha north-east of the village Q'umir Qucha (Ccomer Cocha).
 The Soco River is a river of the Dominican Republic.
 Planplatten (2245 m) is a mountain situated above Meiringen in the Bernese Oberland in Switzerland. In 1999 a panoramic restaurant (the Alpentower) has been built on the summit which is accessible by gondola lift.
 Bertrand Lake is a Chilean lake located in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region. It is separated from Plomo Lake by a terminal moraine and is flanked on the west by the summits of the Cordón Contreras.The village of Puerto Bertrand is located at the southern tip of the lake where Cochrane River originates.
 Koh-i-Murdaar is a peak located in the Murdaar range of the Sulaiman Mountains System in the Quetta District of Balochistan Province in western Pakistan. Salore Ghasha is the highest peak of Murdaar range at 3184 metres (10446 ft). It is the fourth highest peak of Quetta District and sixth highest peak of Balochistan.
 The Hackney Cut is an artificial channel of the Lee Navigation built in England in 1769 by the River Lea Trustees to straighten and improve the Navigation. It begins at the Middlesex Filter Beds Weir below Lea Bridge and is situated in the (modern) London Borough of Hackney. When built it contained two pound locks and a half-lock but was rebuilt to handle larger barges in the 1850s and now only Old Ford Lock which is actually a duplicated pair remains.
 La Maine is a river (different from Le Maine (province)) a tributary of the Loire 12 km (7 mi.) long in the Maine-et-Loire département in France.It is formed by the confluence of the Mayenne and Sarthe rivers north of Angers. It flows through this city and joins the Loire south-west of Angers.
 Lake Seydozero (Russian: Сейдозеро Kildin Sami: Сейдъявврь) is located on the Kola Peninsula in Murmansk Oblast within the Lake Lovozero and ensures runoff from the Seydyavryok River.
 Pine Island Bayou is a river in Texas.
 Shute Shelve Cavern is a natural cave system located in Shute Shelve Hill Somerset England above Axbridge in the Mendip Hills not far from Cheddar. It was mined for its yellow ochre which was used as a dye in paint making until the 1920s which gave it its alternative name of Axbridge Ochre Mine.Access is controlled by the Axbridge Caving Group via a locked gate and completely closed during the bats' roosting season.
 The Onzole River is a river of Ecuador.
 Rolfsån is a river in Sweden the main outflow of lake Lygnern. It empties out into the Kungsbacka Fjord.
 Gulf of Tendra or Tendra Bay (Ukrainian: Тендрівська затока) is a shallow water bay near the coast of Ukraine (peninsula Yagorlytsky Kut) northern Black Sea. The gulf is separated from the sea by the Tendra Spit. The water body has 45 km long 7 km wide up to 6 m depth.
 The Marginea River is a tributary of the Topolog River in Romania.
 Cockedhat Mountain is a 7410-foot (2259 m) mountain in the U.S. state of Alaska and is one of the tallest mountains in the central Brooks Range. Located in the midst of the protected wilderness of Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve Cockedhat Mountain is approximately 27 air miles from the village of Anaktuvuk Pass Alaska.
 Ptarmigan Lake' is one of a trio of lakes that form a small endorheic basin in Cochrane District Ontario Canada. It is about 270 metres (886 ft) long and 120 metres (394 ft) wide and lies at an elevation of 224 metres (735 ft). The lake lies about 16 kilometres (10 mi) north of the community of Calstock.The primary outflow is a small creek that flows through Swallow Lake to Pelican Lake which has no outlet.
 The Jungfrau (German: maiden/virgin) is one of the main summits in the Bernese Alps situated between the cantons of Valais and Bern in Switzerland. Together with the Eiger and Mönch the Jungfrau forms a massive wall overlooking the Bernese Oberland and is considered one of the most emblematic sights of the Swiss Alps.The summit was first reached on August 3 1811 by the Meyer brothers of Aarau and two chamois hunters from Valais.
 Wokkpash Lake is a lake in the Canadian Rockies in northeast British Columbia Canada.It is about 140 kilometres (87 mi) west of Fort Nelson along the Alaska Highway.
 Mount Alice elevation 13315 ft (4058 m) is a summit on the Continental Divide of the Rocky Mountains in Colorado United States. This mountain is near Wild Basin Rocky Mountain National Park. The standard routes to the summit can be climbed in a long day out of Wild Basin. Most climbers ascent via Hourglass Ridge above Lion lakes or else via Boulder Grand Pass above Thunder Lake. Both are class 3 routes and do not require any technical moves.
 Adwa (also known as Aabida Amoissa or Dabita) (1733 m/5686 ft.) is a stratovolcano in Ethiopia located in the southern Afar region and has a 4 by 5 km caldera.
 The Real River (Brazil) is a river forming the border between Sergipe and Bahia states in northeastern Brazil.
 The Ierul Îngust River is a tributary of the Ier River in Romania.
 The Buhăieşti River is a tributary of the Alba River in Romania.
 Nimerich is a mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Mount Tambo is a mountain located to the north-east of Omeo in Victoria Australia. Its peak is 1430 metres above sea level.
 Oppy Mountain is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It was named in 1918 after Oppy a village in France.
 Sura Quta (Aymara sura dry jiquima a species of Pachyrhizus quta lake sura lake hispanicized spellings Sora Kkota Sora Kota) is a small lake west of the Cordillera Real of Bolivia located in the La Paz Department Los Andes Province Pukarani Municipality Patamanta Canton south east of the Kunturiri massif and Tuni Lake. It is situated at a height of about 4532 metres (14869 ft) about 0.4 km long and 0.36 km at its widest point.
 Heart Lake Michigan is located in Otsego County in northern Michigan about 9 miles (14 km) south of Gaylord just west of Interstate 75. Heart Lake is so named due to its irregular shape of a valentine heart.Heart Lake comprises about 63 acres (0.3 km2) has a maximum depth of 123 feet (37 m). The lake is a classic example of a kettle lake many of which dot the landscape in this area.
 Mill Pond also known unofficially as Agawam Mill Pond is a 150-acre (0.61 km2) pond in Wareham Massachusetts. The pond is located northwest of Union Pond west and north of Spectacle Pond west of Sandy Pond and southwest of Glen Charlie Pond. The Agawam River runs through the pond. Route 25 runs through the southwestern part of the pond and the Exit 2 off-ramp from Route 25 eastbound lies along the shore en route to Glen Charlie Road which runs along the pond's eastern shore.
 Järlasjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Monte Baldo is a mountain in the Italian Alps located in the provinces of Trentino and Verona.
 Mount Macolod (also called Mount Makulot or Mount Maculot) is a mountain located in the town of Cuenca in Batangas province in the Philippines. This mountain is popular among mountain climbers and campers; it is the major tourist attraction of the municipality.
 Lake Phelps is North Carolina's second largest natural lake. It has a surface area of 16600 acres (67 km2) and it is located primarily in Washington County on the Albemarle-Pamlico Peninsula between the Albemarle Sound and the Pamlico Sound. The easternmost part of the lake extends into Tyrrell County. An Indian dugout canoe was found in the lake dating back nearly 4400 years.
 The Laranjal River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Taiaçupeba River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Drättehorn (also known as Drettenhorn) is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located north of the Schilthorn in the Bernese Oberland.
 Tsable Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island Canada south east of Comox Lake.
 Millstone Hill is a mountain in Bergen County New Jersey. The peak rises to 912 feet (278 m) and overlooks the Ramapo River to the southeast. It is part of the Ramapo Mountains.
 The Sadu River is a tributary of the Cibin River in Romania. The Negovanu and Sadu II dams are located on the Sadu River.
 Steet is a mountain in the mountain range of Rondane in Oppland Norway.
 The Jejuy River (Spanish: Río Jejuy) a tributary of Paraguay River is a river in Paraguay. Located in the northweastern part of that country it flows eastwards discharging to Paraguay River north of Asunción. Aracaré was said to be from the Jejuy River.
 Chakragil (or Chagragil Chakar Aghil Kingata Tagh [or Kingata Tagh II see below]) is a major mountain in Xinjiang China. It is located about 100 kilometres (60 mi) southwest of Kashgar about 60 kilometres (40 mi) due north of Muztagh Ata and 37 kilometres (23 mi) northwest of Kongur. It is in the subrange known as the Kingata Shan at the extreme northwest end of the Kunlun Mountains near the Pamir Mountains and is sometimes considered part of the latter.
 The Colotlán River is a river of Mexico.
 The Valea Copilului River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 Bachman Branch (also Bachman Creek) is the name of a medium sized tributary of the Trinity River with headwaters in northwest Dallas Texas (USA). The tributary is 10 miles (16 km) in length and rises at Forest Lane 0.5 miles (0.8 km) west of the Dallas North Tollway. It runs south and then west through Bachman Lake and ultimately into the Elm Fork of the Trinity River. The Branch is dammed with the New Frazier dam to provide water to Fishing Hole Lake.
 Barrow is an old lunar crater that is located near the northern limb of the Moon. It lies between the crater Goldschmidt to the northwest and the irregular formation Meton to the northeast. To the southwest is W. Bond.The outer wall of Barrow has been heavily eroded by subsequent impacts and reshaped by intruding craters. As a result the rim now resembles a ring of rounded hills and peaks surrounding the flat interior. The younger satellite crater Barrow A lies across the southwest rim.
 The Râul Tăieturii is a tributary of the Neagra Șarului River in Romania.
 The Șandru River is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 Buchberg is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Kirchlispitzen (2552 m) is a mountain in the Rätikon range of the Alps located on the border between Austria and Switzerland. It overlooks the Lünersee on its northern side.
 The River Mourne (Irish: An Mughdhorn) is a river in County Tyrone (between Strabane and Newtownstewart) Northern Ireland and is a tributary of the River Foyle. At Strabane it joins with the River Finn to form the River Foyle. Fishing is largely for salmon grilse and sea trout.The traditional folk song The Moorlough Shore (also called The Maid of Mourne Shore) refers to names and places along the river.
 The Flint River is a 344-mile-long (554 km) river in the U.S. state of Georgia. The river drains 8460 square miles (21900 km2) of western Georgia flowing south from the upper Piedmont region south of Atlanta to the wetlands of the Gulf Coastal Plain in the southwestern corner of the state. Along with the Apalachicola and the Chattahoochee rivers it forms part of the ACF basin.
 The São Lourenço River (Tietê River) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 The Avoca River is a river in the southern Hawke's Bay region of New Zealand. It flows southeast through farmland to meet the Tukipo River at A'Deanes Reserve.
 The Ogunquit River is a 9.8-mile-long (15.8 km) river in southern Maine. It flows to the Atlantic Ocean at the town of Ogunquit.
 The Afon Col-huw (Often River Colhuw sometimes Anglicised Colhugh) is a very short river in Llantwit Major in the Vale of Glamorgan south Wales.It is an exceptionally short river with a length of only 1 mile/1.6 kilometres long. It is formed when two rivers the Ogney Brook and the Hoddnant converge south of Llantwit Major. Its valley the Cwm Col-huw is a Scheduled Ancient Monument - it was used in the Dig for Victory campaign in World War II.
 The Râul Șes is a headwater of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Hirișești River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Candlewood Lake 8.4 sq mi (21.8 km²) is located in Fairfield and Litchfield counties of western Connecticut in the northeastern United States. It is the largest lake in Connecticut. The lake is bordered by five towns: Brookfield Danbury New Fairfield New Milford and Sherman.
 Hidden Lake is located in North Cascades National Park in the U. S. state of Washington. Hidden Lake is off designated trails but can reached by way a trailhead off the Cascade River Road from Snoqualmie National Forest. The distance from the trailhead to the lake is 4.5 mi (7.2 km) one way to the overlook and another 0.8 mi (1.3 km) rock scramble through a boulder field to the lakeshore.
 Nedre Fagervollvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. The 4.96-square-kilometre (1.92 sq mi) is located northeast of the villages of Mæla and Myklebustad.
 Rose Valley Lake is a reservoir that covers 389 acres (1.57 km2) in Gamble Township Lycoming County Pennsylvania in the United States. The fish and waters of the lake are managed by the Pennsylvania Fish and Boat Commission. The lake is owned by the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The primary use of Rose Valley Lake is recreational game fishing. The lake is open for recreational fishing on a year round basis.
 Little Sugar Loaf also called Giltspur Mountain (Irish: Giolspar earlier name Beannach Bheag) is a hill in County Wicklow Ireland. It is situated East-North-East of the Great Sugar Loaf separated from it by the N11 dual carriageway.
 Akademiya Nauk Range (Russian: Хребет Академии Наук Tajik: Qatorkuhi Akademiyai Fanho) is a mountain range in the Western Pamirs of Tajikistan. It is stretched in the meridianal direction and considered to be the core of the Pamir mountain system.The highest peak of the range is the Ismoil Somoni Peak. It was also the highest peak in the former Soviet Union. The length of the Akademiya Nauk Range is about 110 km.
 Gyeryongsan a 845 m (2772 ft) mountain in Chungcheongnam-do South Korea. It lies at the meeting of the boundaries of several cities: Gongju Gyeryong Nonsan and Daejeon. It has been traditionally regarded as a sacred mountain with the most qi of any in South Korea. The name gyermongsan means chicken dragon mountain Portions of the mountain are included in a South Korean military reserve. Other portions are part of Gyeryongsan National Park.
 The Wittenberghorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps located on the border between the Swiss cantons of Vaud and Bern. It lies approximately halfway between L'Etivaz (Vaud) and Feutersoey (Bern) south of the Col de Jable.
 For the mountain in Argentina see Cerro Catedral.Cerro Catedral (Cathedral Hill) also known as Cerro Cordillera is a peak and the highest point of Uruguay with an altitude of 513.66 m (1685.2 ft). It is located north of Maldonado Department in the municipality of Aiguá in a hill range named Sierra Carapé which constitutes part of a larger range named Cuchilla Grande.
 The Big Satilla River is a river in Georgia.One of Georgia's 14 major watersheds. The Satilla River rises in the middle of South Georgia in Ben Hill and Coffee counties and flows east-southeast for 260 miles to empty into the Atlantic Ocean through St. Andrews Sound north of Cumberland Island.Download a 4-color poster of the Satilla watershed in PDF format (10-11 MB files). Download posters for all of Georgia’s 14 major watersheds.
 The Fătăciunea River is a tributary of the Gârboveta River in Romania.
 Mount Logan (9239 feet (2816 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Logan Glacier is immediately north of Mount Logan and Red Eagle Glacier lies to the east. Mount Logan is situated along the Continental Divide.
 The Bega (Romanian: Bega Serbian: Begej (Бегеј) German: Bega Hungarian: Béga) is a 254 km long river in Romania (178 km) and Serbia (76 km). It rises in the Poiana Ruscă mountains in Romania part of the Carpathian Mountains and it flows into the Tisa river near Titel Vojvodina Serbia.
 Döllnfließ is a river of Brandenburg Germany.
 The Big Guatali River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Monte Fitz Roy (also known as Cerro Chaltén Cerro Fitz Roy or simply Mount Fitz Roy) is a mountain located near El Chaltén village in the Southern Patagonian Ice Field in Patagonia on the border between Argentina and Chile. First climbed in 1952 by French alpinists Lionel Terray and Guido Magnone it remains among the most technically challenging mountains on Earth for mountaineers.
 Morro do Capão Doce is a hill in southern Brazil located between the states of Paraná and Santa Catarina. It reaches a height of 1340 metres (4396 ft) and consists of a rounded elevation rising above the surrounding land and has local relief of less than 300m. Its drainage basins include the Paraná Rio de la Plata and the Atlantic Ocean.
 For other uses of Malabar see Malabar (disambiguation).Mount Malabar is a stratovolcano located immediately south of Bandung West Java Indonesia. The profile is broad with basaltic andesite type of geological stone.
 Harkin Bay is an arm of the Foxe Basin in the Qikiqtaaluk Region of Nunavut Canada. It is located on the northeastern Foxe Peninsula in western Baffin Island. The closest community Cape Dorset is situated 106 km (66 mi) to the south while Nuwata a former settlement is situated 42 km (26 mi) to the west.
 Vesle Galdhøpiggen (or Veslepiggen) is a mountain summit close to Galdhøpiggen in Lom Norway. It is the sixth highest mountain in Norway.It lies approximately 600 m north-northwest of Galdhøpiggen.
 May-Ya-Moto is a volcano in the east of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It has a prominence of 950 metres (3117 ft).
 Henry's Knob is a mountain and Superfund Alternative Site in York County South Carolina at 1120 ft (340 m) above sea level. It is near the North Carolina border and the town of Clover South Carolina. The mountain was the site of an open-pit kyanite mine which was under operation from 1947 to 1970.
 Knox-Shaw is a small lunar impact crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon and lies on the eastern floor of the walled plain Banachiewicz.Knox-Shaw is a bowl-shaped formation of the type that is found over much of the lunar surface. The rim is circular and the inner walls slope down to a small interior floor at the midpoint. It is not significantly eroded and has no other distinguishing features.
 The Obârșia River is a tributary of the Crușov River in Romania.
 The Izvodia River is a tributary of the Nădrag River in Romania.
 The Tulburea River is a tributary of the Râmnicul Sărat River in Romania.
 The Gsallkopf is a mountain in the Kaunergrat group of the Ötztal Alps.
 The Devil's Grinding Mill sometimes known as the Devil's Hole is part of The Angel's Drainpipe a partially collapsed cave system on the River Eden in England which forms dramatic gorges and natural arches. It is located South of Kirkby Stephen within Stenkrith Park. The water moving with the caves and gorges produces an incessant roar.
 Frauenkopf is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 The Valea Neagră River is a tributary of the Teleajen River in Romania.
 Nameless Lake is a small spring-fed Endorheic lake on Manitoulin Island in Lake Huron approximately 8.5 kilometres (5.3 mi) south of the town of Gore Bay in the municipality of Gordon/Barrie Island Manitoulin District in Northeastern Ontario Canada. It is approximately 2 kilometres (1 mi) long and over 15 metres (49 ft) deep in some locations with no public access. It is notably the only lake on Manitoulin Island that prohibits all gasoline-powered craft.
 The Faltschonhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located west of Vals in the canton of Graubünden. It lies on the range between the Val Lumnezia and the Valser Tal south of Piz Aul.
 The Okuku River is a river of the north Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows predominantly south from several sources in and close to the eastern edge of the Puketeraki Range west of Waikari flowing through a steep gorge in the Okuku Range before flowing into the Ashley River 20 kilometres east of Oxford.
 The Valea Satului River is a tributary of the Talna River in Romania.
 The Ixtacapa River is a river of Guatemala.
 Devil's Gate Pass is a mountain pass in Mono County California traversed by U.S. Route 395. The pass is named for the Devils Gate a granitic formation located west of the summit of the pass.
 Gracie Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island north west of the north end of Nahmint Lake.
 The São Venceslau River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Mălâncrav River is a tributary of the Laslea River in Romania.
 The River Wensum is a chalk fed river in Norfolk England and a tributary of the River Yare despite being the larger of the two rivers. The complete river is a designated Site of Special Scientific Interest (SSSI) and Special Area of Conservation (SAC).
 The Waitahaia River is a river in the Waiapu Valley of the Gisborne Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows northeast from the southern end of the Raukumara Range to reach the Mata River 20 kilometres west of Te Puia Springs. It is renowned for its brown trout - a European species of fish introduced into New Zealand for fishing in the late 1860s.
 Macallan Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island west of Kennedy Lake and south of Kennedy River.
 Chester Gap sometimes referred to as Happy Creek Gap for the creek that runs down its western slope is a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountains on the border of Rappahannock County Fauquier County and Warren County in Virginia. The gap is traversed by U.S. Route 522. The Appalachian trail also passes across the gap.
 The Prihodiștea River is a tributary of the Sălăuța River in Romania.
 Auzout is a lunar impact crater that is located to the southeast of the Mare Crisium near the eastern limb of the Moon. Due to foreshortening this crater appears quite oval but is actually relatively circular in form. Attached to the southern rim is the smaller crater van Albada. To the east-northeast is the large Condorcet. This crater is not especially notable although it does possess a central mountain.This crater is designated 'Azout' in some sources.
 The Sydney Tar Ponds are a hazardous waste site on Cape Breton Island in Nova Scotia Canada.Located on the eastern shore of Sydney Harbour in the former city of Sydney (now amalgamated into the Cape Breton Regional Municipality) the Tar Ponds form a tidal estuary at the mouth of Muggah Creek a freshwater stream that empties into the harbour.
 Petty John's Cave is a karst cave located in Walker County Georgia on the east side Pigeon Mountain in the Appalachian Plateau of Northwest Georgia. It has a surveyed length of 31490 ft and reaches a depth of 235 ft. The cave is accessible via a path from a gravel parking area on the side of Rocky Lane.
 The Hălăstău River is a tributary of the Holod River in Romania.
 Sommet de la Saulire is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 2738 metres above sea level. In the winter it is used for skiing and is located between the two towns Courchevel and Meribel. These two towns are towns in the three valleys which is a popular ski resort in the french alps. The mountain has slopes that go to Courchevel and slopes that go to Meribel.
 The Hindu Kush (Pashto/Persian: ھندوکُش Hindi: हिंदुकुश) (Urdu: حندو کش‎) also known as Pāriyātra Parvata (Sanskrit: पारियात्र पर्वत) or Paropamisadae (Greek: Παροπαμισάδαι) is an 800 km (500 mi) long mountain range that stretches between central Afghanistan and northern Pakistan.The highest point in the Hindu Kush is Tirich Mir (7708 m or 25289 ft) in Chitral District of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Pakistan.It divides the valley of the Amu Darya (the ancient Oxus River) to the north from the Indus River valley to the south. 
 The Contoocook River is a 71-mile-long (114 km) river in New Hampshire. It flows from Pool Pond and Contoocook Lake on the Jaffrey/Rindge border to Penacook (just north of Concord) where it empties into the Merrimack River. It is one of only a few rivers in New Hampshire that flow in a predominantly northward direction. Two picturesque covered bridges in Hopkinton and one in Henniker span the Contoocook as does another on the Hancock-Greenfield line.
 The Fiescher Gabelhorn is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Konkordiaplatz in the canton of Valais.
 Mount Kilimanjaro with its three volcanic cones Kibo Mawenzi and Shira is a dormant volcanic mountain in Tanzania. It is the highest mountain in Africa and the highest free-standing mountain in the world at 5895 metres or 19341 feet above sea level (the Uhuru Peak/Kibo Peak).
 The Watauga /wɑːˈtɑːwɡɑː/ River is a large stream of western North Carolina and East Tennessee. It is 60 miles (97 km) long with its headwaters on the slopes of Grandfather Mountain and Peak Mountain in Watauga County North Carolina.
 Lago di Piano is a lake in the Province of Como Lombardy Italy. At an elevation of 276 m (906 ft) its surface area is 0.72 km2 (0.28 sq mi).
 Rachmaninoff is a peak-ring impact crater on Mercury. This basin first imaged in its entirety during MESSENGER's third Mercury flyby was quickly identified as a feature of high scientific interest because of its fresh appearance its distinctively colored interior plains and the extensional troughs on its floor. The morphology of Rachmaninoff is similar to that of Raditladi which is one of the youngest impact basins on Mercury. The age of Raditladi is estimated at one billion years.
 Schnaittach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Table Hill is situated in the range of Malvern Hills that runs approximately 13 kilometres (8 mi) north-south along the Herefordshire-Worcestershire border. It lies between North Hill and Sugarloaf Hill and has an elevation of 373 metres (1224 ft).
 The Brunegghorn is a mountain of the Pennine Alps overlooking the Mattertal in the canton of Valais. It is part of the Weisshorn group. On the west side of the mountain flows the Brunegg Glacier.
 Holden is a lunar crater attached to the southeast rim of the much larger crater Vendelinus. The crater rim is impacted by a craterlet on the north-northwest and it possesses a terrace along the northeast interior wall. The floor of the crater is flat with no central peak. There is a small crater on the floor just to the south of the midpoint. It is named after Edward Singleton Holden.
 Williamson Lake is a small mountain lake located below Welch Peak near Chilliwack British Columbia Canada. It can be accessed by two different hiking trails one 4 kilometers and the other 13 kilometers in length.
 Monte Canto is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It has an elevation of 710 metres.
 Mores Creek Summit is a mountain pass in southwest Idaho United States at an elevation of 6118 feet (1865 m) above sea level on State Highway 21 the Ponderosa Pine Scenic Byway. It is located in Boise County in the Boise National Forest.It marks the divide between the Boise River (north fork) and Payette River (south fork) drainage areas. The summit is between Idaho City and Lowman.Mores Creek is a tributary of the Boise River.
 The Shin River (新川 Shin-gawa) is a river in Yachiyo and Chiba Chiba Prefecture Japan. The river is 10 kilometers (6.2 mi) in length. The Shin River forms the upper part of the Inba Discharge Channel (印旛放水路 Inba Hōsuiro) and flows between Lake Inbanuma and the Ōwada Drainage Pump Station in Yachiyo City. Pollution is problematic along the river. Phosphorus potassium and nitrogen drain from vegetable farms along the length of the river.
 Gavleån Gävleån or Gävle River is a watercourse in the middle Gästrikland of Sweden from Storsjön to Gävle Bay (Gävlebukten) in the Bothnian Sea.
 Beaver Lake Pictou is a lake of Pictou County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Annagh Hill (Irish: An tEannach) is in north County Wexford Ireland. It is separated from Croghan Mountain to the north by the Wicklow Gap not to be confused with the Wicklow Gap in County Wicklow. Except for the southeastern face (see photo) it is covered in coniferous forestry. It overlooks the villages of Monaseed and Hollyfort to the south across the valley of the Blackwater stream
 Lake Louise State Park is a Minnesota state park just north of the Iowa border near the small town of Le Roy in Mower County Minnesota directly south of Rochester. It has a 25 acre man-made lake and 1168 acres (5 km2) of mixed prairie and deciduous forest. It is used for picnics swimming camping hiking horseback riding and other outdoor recreation. It is noted for butterfly watching as some rare species have been seen.
 The Vurpăr River is a tributary of the Hârtibaciu River in Romania.
 Mutton Brook is a stream which runs between East Finchley and Hendon in the London Borough of Barnet. It is a tributary of the River Brent which is itself a tributary of the River Thames.The Brook rises in Cherry Tree Wood and flows underground to emerge at the back of Belvedere Court Lyttleton Road. It then passes under Lyttleton Road and flows along the south side of the road and Falloden Way through Lyttleton Playing Fields Fletchers Gardens and Northway Gardens.
 Skoatl Point is a volcanic plug located in the formation known as the Chilcotin Group which lie between the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains and the mid-Fraser River in British Columbia Canada.
 Bachhaupter Laber is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Høgronden is a mountain in Folldal Hedmark Norway and lies in the north east part of the mountain range Rondane.
 Surna is a river in Rindal and Surnadal municipalities in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 45-kilometre (28 mi) long river begins near Øvre Rindal at the confluence of the rivers Tiåa and Lomunda. The river then flows west and empties into the Surnadalsfjorden at the village of Surnadalsøra. There are several smaller rivers that flow into the Surna river from the Trollheimen mountains to the south. The lakes Foldsjøen and Gråsjøen flow into the river Surna.
 Qal'eh Hasan Ali is a maar-producing volcanic field located southeast of Kerman Province Iran. The field is presumed of Holocene age though it has produced no historic eruptions. Consisting of 14 maars each of different size its most major caldera is Great Crater about 1.2 kilometres (0.75 mi) in width and 200–300 kilometres (120–190 mi) in depth.
 Hasselbach (Werre) is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Secu River is a tributary of the Bârnaru River in Romania.
 Golden Lake is a body of water located in Renfrew County Ontario located on the Bonnechere River approximately 25 km southwest of Pembroke Ontario. It is bounded by the Township of North Algona-Wilberforce the Township of Bonnechere Valley and Algonquins of Pikwàkanagàn First Nation.
 The Mimram Valley is named after the River Mimram which rises from a spring to the north-west of Whitwell in North Hertfordshire England and makes its confluence with the River Lea near Horn's Mill in Hertford. At Whitwell there are cress beds which have existed since Roman times and these are fed by the same springs. The valley extends northwards where it becomes known as Lilley Bottom.
 Dôme de Polset is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Massif de la Vanoise range. It has an elevation of 3501 metres above sea level.
 Mount Bess is located on the border of Alberta and British Columbia. It is the 83rd highest peak in Alberta. It was named in 1910 by J. Norman Collie after Bessie Gunn who accompanied Collie's expedition.
 The Ashokan Reservoir (Native American for place of fish) is a reservoir in Ulster County New York USA. The reservoir is in the eastern end of the Catskill Park and is one of several reservoirs created to provide the City of New York with water. However it is one of only two reservoirs in the Catskill Watershed. It is also New York City's deepest reservoir being over 190 feet (58.5 m) deep at its deepest point. This site is near the dam at the former site of Bishop Falls.
 Qarwapunta (Quechua for yellowish front hispanicized spelling Carhuapunta) Qarwaqucha or Flery Punta is a mountain in the Cordillera Negra in the Andes of Peru. It has a height of 5073 metres.
 The Vâna Mare River is a tributary of the Cernat River in Romania.
 Gremikha Bay (Russian: Губа Гремиха) is a bay on the northeastern portion of the Kola Peninsula in the far northwest of Russia near the closed town of Ostrovnoy (which was formerly known as Gremikha) in the Murmansk Oblast.
 Lynch Glacier lies to the north and northwest of Mount Daniel in the U.S. state of Washington. Lynch Glacier is within the Alpine Lakes Wilderness of Snoqualmie National Forest. The glacier is approximately .60 mi (0.97 km) in length .80 mi (1.29 km) in width at its widest and descends from 7800 to 6400 ft (2400 to 2000 m) where it terminates above a proglacial lake known as Pea Soup Lake.
 Pico del Caballo Cerro del Caballo or simply Caballo (horse) is 3011 m high mountain in the Sierra Nevada Spain.It is the westernmost three thousander of the range.
 Farrington Lake is a scenic freshwater reservoir in Middlesex County New Jersey near Milltown New Jersey. Created by a dam on the Lawrence Brook a tributary of the Raritan River the lake is in fact a widened section of the Lawrence Brook.
 The Manghen Pass (Italian: Passo di Manghen) is a 2047 m (6716 ft) high mountain pass in Trentino in Italy.It connects the Fiemme valley and Valsugana linking Molina and Castelnuovo in the south. The pass road has a maximum grade of 16%. Commercial traffic is prohibited.The massive road climb from Val Sugana was featured in the 2008 Giro d'Italia cycle race.
 Ostravice (Polish: Ostrawica German: Ostrawitza) is a river in Moravian-Silesian Region Czech Republic. It originates in the Moravian-Silesian Beskids and then flows through Ostravice Frýdlant nad Ostravicí Frýdek-Místek and Paskov to Ostrava where it enters the Oder as its right tributary.
 The Pitangueiras River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Khao Sam Muk (เขาสามมุข) is a 45 m high hill in Chonburi Province Thailand. It is located in Chonburi city right by the seashore of Bangkok Bay between Ang Sila and Bang Saen Beach. There is a Chinese shrine on the hill-top which affords views of the surrounding landscape including Bang Saen Beach. There are many wild rhesus monkeys living in the bush on the sides of the hill. There are also cactus gardens on the hilltop and many restaurants below along the road flanking the shoreline.
 The Maurice River is a tributary of Delaware Bay in Salem County and Cumberland County New Jersey in the United States.
 The Wandle River is a river of the north Canterbury Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows generally south from the slopes of Mount Lyford to reach the Mason River 10 kilometres northeast of Waiau. The Mount Lyford Alpine Resort lies close to the river's source.
 Manuka Bay is located on the North Canterbury East Coast northeast of the Hurunui River in the South Island of New Zealand. It is near Napenape and the town of Cheviot.The area is a popular destination for people who are travelling from coast to coast. It has a black sand beach and a camping ground. It has no stores or gas stations.
 Silver Lake is a dry lake bed in the Mojave Desert of San Bernardino County California along Interstate 15 100 km (62 mi) northeast of Barstow.
 Schwartenberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Bukovik (Serbian Cyrillic: Буковик) is a mountain in central Serbia near the town of Ražanj. Its highest peak Bukova glava has an elevation of 894 m (2933 ft) above sea level.
 The Charentonne is a 63 km long river in Normandy left tributary of the Risle. The river begins in pays d'Ouche (Orne) in the forest of Saint-Évroult in the south of the Saint-Évroult-Notre-Dame-du-bois village and the ruins of the abbey where lived and died Orderic Vitalis (1075–1142).The river runs in a north-northeast direction towards the Risle with which it joins at Serquigny.The Charentonne valley which separates the Lieuvin plateau and the Ouche plateau has stiff and wooded slopes.
 Phantom Glacier is in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated in the Beartooth Mountains at an elevation of 10400 feet (3200 m) above sea level and is immediately south of Arch Lake.
 Renau is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Valea Turcului River is a tributary of the Azuga River in Romania.
 The Magalloway River is a river in northwestern Maine and northern New Hampshire in the United States. It is a tributary of the Androscoggin River which flows to the Kennebec River at Merrymeeting Bay in Maine near the Atlantic Ocean.
 The Groapa Largă River is a tributary of the Drăgan River in Romania.
 Halcott Mountain is one of the Catskill Mountains of the U.S. state of New York. It is mostly located in Greene County with some of its lower slopes in Delaware and Ulster counties. Its exact summit elevation has not been officially determined but the highest contour line on the mountain is 3520 feet (1070 m).
 The Bureya River (Russian: Бурея) is a 623 km long south-flowing tributary of the Amur River. Its name comes from the Evenk word birija meaning river. It is formed from the junction of the Pravaya (right) Bureya and the Levaya (left) Bureya.
 The Buckland River (Kaniq in Inupiaq) is a stream 67 miles (108 km) long in the U.S. state of Alaska. It flows northwest to the Chukchi Sea at Eschscholtz Bay 40 miles (64 km) southwest of Selawik in the Northwest Arctic Borough.Naval officer Frederick William Beechey named the river in 1826 for a geology professor at the University of Oxford in England. Other 19th-century names for the river included Russian translations of the Inuit as Kanyk and the Koyukon Indian as Kotsokhotana.
 Hamilton is a lunar impact crater that is located near the southeastern limb of the Moon. From the Earth this crater is viewed nearly from the edge limiting the amount of detail that can be observed. It can also become hidden from sight due to libration or brought into a more favorably viewing position.This crater is situated almost due east of the lava-flooded crater Oken near the uneven Mare Australe. To the northeast of Hamilton along the lunar limb is the flooded crater Gum.
 The Tracunhaém River is a river of Pernambuco state in eastern Brazil.
 The Dead River is a tributary of the Androscoggin River in western Maine in the United States. The river flows from Androscoggin Lake northwest through the town of Leeds 7 miles (11 km) to the Androscoggin. This sluggish river is the outlet of a chain of ponds of which Androscoggin Pond is the largest and last. The river has the rare power of running either way at different times. Upon a sudden rise of the Androscoggin River the flow sets back the current of Dead River into the pond.
 The Grue is a torrent in north-west Italy a right tributary of the Scrivia whose 32 km course lies entirely within the Province of Alessandria Piedmont.The river’s source is at Bocchetta del Barillaro at an elevation of 636 metres close to the watershed with the Val Borbera. The river follows a tortuous course through the Ligurian Apennines and between the hills of Tortona before entering the Po plain at Viguzzolo.
 The Exploradores Glacier is a glacier situated on the northeastern slope of Monte San Valentín in the Aysén del General Carlos Ibáñez del Campo Region of Chile. The locality nearest to the glacier is Puerto Río Tranquilo which is located on the western shore of General Carrera Lake.The glacier is part of Laguna San Rafael National Park.
 The Motueka River is located in the north of the South Island of New Zealand and is a popular tourist destination for watersports and fishing. The Motueka flows 116 kilometres (72 mi) from the mountains 40 km west of the city of Nelson in the southeast of the catchment and flows north to the Tasman Bay.
 Eureka Sound is a high Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Nunavut Canada. It separates Axel Heiberg Island from Ellesmere Island. Stor Island is located within the sound. Eureka Sound is 290 km (180 mi) long and 13–48 km (8.1–29.8 mi) wide. Fort Eureka is nearby.
 Aýrybaba (since 2004 officially Beýik Saparmyrat Türkmenbaşy belentligi - Mount of the Great Saparmyrat Turkmenbashi) is a mountain in Central Asia. At 3138 metres (10295 ft) Aýrybaba is the highest mountain in Turkmenistan. It is located in the Köýtendag Range of the Pamir-Alay chain in the southeast of Turkmenistan on the Uzbekistan border.
 Cima de Gagela is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located between the Val Calanca and the Mesolcina in the canton of Graubünden. With a height of 2805 metres above sea level it is the highest summit of the range located south of Pass di Passit (2082 metres). The mountain lies approximately halfway between Rossa and Mesocco.
 Jebel Dair (also Jabal ad-Dayr or Dair Mountain) (Arabic: جبل الدائر‎) is an igneous mountain in central Sudan. It rises over 1000m above the surrounding terrain and 1451m above sea level. The flanks of the mountain apparently have been denuded of vegetation although water exists in some of the meandering stream channels within the darker vegetated wadis. It can be seen as the dark fractured structure near the center of the photograph to the right.
 The Beckler River is a tributary of the South Fork Skykomish River in the U.S. state of Washington in the United States.The Beckler River originates near Jack Pass and flows southeast about 5 miles (8.0 km) where it is joined by the Rapid River its principal tributary.
 Cropley Lake is an alpine lake in the City and Borough of Juneau Alaska United States. Located on Douglas Island it is 2 miles (3.2 km) southwest of Table Top Mountain and 5 miles (8.0 km) southwest of the city of Juneau. Cropley Lake is the source of Fish Creek.
 Piz Scalottas is a mountain of the Plessur Alps located near Lenzerheide in the canton of Graubünden Switzerland.In winter a chairlift brings skiers to the summit of Piz Scalottas. The mountain offers a good view to overlook both sides Lenzerheide to the east and the Domleschg valley to the west. If you liked to discover the area during summer by mountain bike the chairlift to Piz Scalottas will transport your mountain bike for free to the summit.
 The Brana River is a tributary of the Șomuzul Mare River in Romania.
 The Schwarze Wand is a mountain of the Rieserferner group in South Tyrol Italy.
 Hjørundfjorden is a fjord in the traditional district of Sunnmøre in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. It is located mostly within Ørsta Municipality although part of the mouth of the fjord is in Sykkylven Municipality. The 35-kilometre (22 mi) long fjord is an arm off of the larger Storfjorden that stretches south from Ålesund Municipality.
 Kootenay Pass known locally as the Salmo-Creston is a mountain pass in the Selkirk Mountains of British Columbia Canada. It is utilized by the Crowsnest Highway to transverse the Selkirks connecting the communities of Salmo and Creston.
 18°1′0″N 76°52′0″WThe Ferry River is a river of Jamaica.
 Ida Ridge is an eroded cinder cone in east-central British Columbia Canada located in the southeastern corner of Wells Gray Provincial Park.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Galbena River in Romania.
 The Dealul Bătrân River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 The Quelccaya Ice Cap is the largest glaciated area in the tropics. Located in the Cordillera Oriental section of the Andes mountains of Peru the ice cap is at an average altitude of 5470 meters (17950 feet) and spans an area of 44 square kilometers (17 square miles). As with the majority of the Earth's glaciers the Quelccaya Ice cap has retreated significantly since it was first studied.
 The Avon River flows northeast from its sources in rough country southwest of Blenheim to reach the Waihopai River 20 kilometres from the latter's outflow into the Wairau River of New Zealand.
 McClure Pass (el. 2671 m./8755 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of western Colorado in the United States.
 Mouchez is the remnant of a lunar crater that is located near the northern limb of the Moon to the north of Philolaus and northwest of Anaxagoras.Almost the entire eastern rim of this crater is missing and the remaining arc is heavily worn and eroded. This surviving rim forms a curving arc that runs from the south clockwise to the north-northeast. Near the southern terminus is the small crater Mouchez C.
 Yangzonghai Lake (Chinese: 阳宗海; pinyin: Yángzōng Hǎi) (given on some maps as Yangzong Sea though it is fresh water) is located between Yiliang County Chenggong District and Chengjiang County 45 kilometers east of Kunming City in Yunnan Province China. About 30000 people rely on the Lake as their drinking water. Yangzonghai Lake is noted for its underwater springs and is one of several scenic areas in Yunnan province which is known for its biodiversity.
 Moose Lake is a relatively small lake in North-eastern Alberta Canada which drains north into the Beaver River (Canada). It is located just a few kilometres west of the town of Bonnyville.
 Sharonov is an impact crater in the Lunae Palus quadrangle of Mars located at 27.3°N 301.5°E﻿ / 27.3; 301.5. It is 100.0 km (62.1 mi) in diameter and was named after Vsevolod V. Sharonov a Russian astronomer (1901-1964). Sharonov is situated within the outflow channel system Kasei Valles whose flows were divided into two main branches that bracket the crater.
 Rolfbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Iron River is a 2.7-mile-long (4.3 km) river in Marquette County on the Upper Peninsula of Michigan in the United States. It is a short stream flowing from the outlet of Lake Independence east to Lake Superior.
 Mesmogtinden is a mountain in the mountain range Jotunheimen in Oppland southern Norway.
 Mawk'a Tampu (Quechua mawk'a old tampu inn old tampu hispanicized spelling Maucatambo) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia. It lies in the Potosí Department at the border of the provinces Tomás Frías and Cornelio Saavedra. Its summit reaches a height of about 4940 metres (16207 ft) above sea level. Mawk'a Tampu is situated in the Khari Khari mountain range east of Potosí. It lies east of the Khari Khari and the Kimsa Kunturiri group and southeast of the Jatun Tiyu Lakes.
 Adlisberg with an elevation of 701 metres (2300 ft) is a wooded mountain in Switzerland overlooking Zürichsee (Lake Zürich) to the northwest near the Zürichberg.
 The Opotoru River is a river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows north reaching the Raglan Harbour to the southwest of the town of Raglan. There is no regular monitoring of pollution but 38 km (31.2%) of the river has been fenced to protect it from farm stock.
 Lake Arpi (Armenian: Արփի լիճ) is located in the Shirak Province of Armenia in the northwestern part of the country. The lake level is at an altitude of 2023 m. The lake area is 22 square kilometres. The area was increased artificially in the 1950s from the natural state of 4.5 square kilometres and the lake has become the second most important water body of Armenia next to Lake Sevan. It is used for irrigation and hydropower production.
 The Suketō River (助任川 Suketō-gawa) is a river in Tokushima Prefecture Japan. It starts on the western side of Hyōtan-jima where the Shinmachi River hits the Mitsuai Bridge and runs around to meet the river again to the east.
 Candle Creek is a western tributary of the Kiwalik River located on the Seward Peninsula of the U.S. state of Alaska. The unincorporated community of Candle is less than a mile away while the village of Kiwalik is about 13 miles (21 km) away. The creek's name is attributed to the resemblance of the trees on the banks of the creek to candles when they are covered with snow. With the discovery of gold in 1901 Candle Creek's reputation as a top gold-yielding site was fixed.
 The Peșteana River is a tributary of the Breazova River in Romania.
 The Dos Cabezas Mountains are a mountain range in southeasternmost Arizona USA. The 11700 acres (4700 ha) Dos Cabezas Mountains Wilderness lies 20 miles (32 km) east of Willcox Arizona and 7 miles (11 km) south of Bowie Arizona in Cochise County.
 Enco River (Spanish: Río Enco) is a river in Panguipulli commune in southern Chile. By flowing from Panguipulli Lake to Riñihue Lake Enco River carries the water of the six upper lakes of the Seven Lakes area into Riñihue the last lake in the chain.
 Mola de Colldejou is a mountain chain in Catalonia Spain located north of the Serra de Llaberia in the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range. The highest point is 921.8 m above sea level.This mountain range is named after Colldejou village located east of the range.
 The Cozmești River is a tributary of the Prut River.
 Fastenberg is a mountain of Saxony Eastern Germany.A minor ruling family that previously inhabited the region of present day Saxony the family originally profited from the diverse abundance of stone in the area. Setting up one of the first successful quarries the Fastenberg family still exists yet has emigrated to North America. Of Jewish descent the family enjoyed noble status in their native Germany.
 Lago di Aviasco is an artificial lake above Valgoglio in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.
 Commanda Lake (or Lake Commanda) is a lake in central Ontario Canada. Located on the border between Patterson Township and Pringle Township in the Almaguin Highlands region of the District of Parry Sound it is fed by Gee Creek Commanda Creek and Beaudry Creek and is drained by the Restoule River. The Lake is shaped like the number 3 its middle spur is called Deep Bay. The lake is home to one permanent island located off a point in its east.
 The Mabla Mountains (variants: Monti Mabla Monts Mabla) are a mountain range in the northern Obock Region of Djibouti. The endemic Djibouti Francolin makes its home here as well as in the Forêt du Day.
 The River Pinn is a river in West London which originates around Pinner and flows into the Frays River a distributary of the River Colne.
 The Almendares River is a 45 km river in the western part of Cuba. It originates from the east of Tapaste and flows north-west into the Straits of Florida. The river acts as a water supply for Havana.The final stretch divides the municipalities of Plaza de la Revolución (Miramar district) and Playa (Vedado district).
 Kowee Creek (also spelled as Cowee Kow-eeh or Kowie) is a river on Douglas Island in the City and Borough of Juneau Alaska United States. Its origin is southeast of Mount Troy and it flows north-northeast to Gastineau Channel near West Juneau; it is 0.5 miles (0.80 km) southwest of the city of Juneau. Kowee Creek is nearly 10 miles (16 km) long.
 Puig Cerverís is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2208 metres above sea level.
 The Cluff Ranch Ponds are located in the Cluff Ranch Wildlife Area at the base of the Pinaleno Mountains in southeastern Arizona. The town of Pima is 5 miles (8.0 km) away and the city of Safford is 7 miles (11 km) away. The facilities are maintained by the Arizona Game and Fish Department.
 Hausen is a large lunar impact crater that lies along the south-southwestern limb of the Moon. The visibility of this crater is significantly affected by libration effects although even under the best of conditions it is viewed nearly from on edge. It lies along the western edge of the immense walled plain Bailly.
 Ghaamsberg is a mountain in South Africa. situated just east of Aggeneys in the Namakwa District Municipality of the Northern Cape province 33 km to the south of the border with Namibia.
 Braginka is a short winding river in the Brahin Raion of Belarus. Its length is 179 km. It falls into Pripyat just above its falling into Dnieper. Part of the river flows through the radioactive zone of alienation and the river itself is under regular control for nuclear pollution. A small settlement of Brahin stands on the banks of the river.The river provides a scenery in Konstantin Paustovsky's short story The Inn on Braginka.
 The Groapa Pârâului River is a tributary of the Ozunca River in Romania.
 Ochsenkopf bei Rittersgrün is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 Cosley Lake is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Cosley Lake is .35 miles (0.56 km) northeast of Glenns Lake and between Bear Mountain to the north and Cosley Ridge to the south.
 Tremont Mill Pond is a 50-acre (200000 m2) pond in Wareham Massachusetts in the West Wareham section of town. The Weweantic River flows through the pond. Route 28 runs north of the pond. Tremont village is located southwest of the pond. The water quality is impaired due to non-native fish in the pond.
 Dingo Creek a perennial stream of the Manning River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 Nansen is an old lunar crater along the northern limb of the Moon on the eastern side of the north pole. This feature is viewed from the edge from the Earth and it must be observed from orbit to see much detail.
 The Medicine Bow Mountains are a mountain range in the Rocky Mountains that extend for 100-mile (160 km) from northern Colorado into southern Wyoming. The northern extent of this range is the sub-range the Snowy Range. From the northern end of Colorado's Never Summer Mountains the Medicine Bow mountains extend north from Cameron Pass along the border between Larimer and Jackson counties in Colorado and northward into south central Wyoming.
 The Cauamé River is a river of Roraima state in northern Brazil.
 Öringesjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden. It is located on the border of Nacka Municipality and Tyresö Municipality.
 Cactus Flat is one of the Central Nevada Desert Basins in the Cactus-Sacrobatus Watershed for which it is an eponym. The flat is the location of the Tonopah Test Range Airport and Tonopah Test Range a component of the Nevada Test and Training Range used for weapons testing since the 1950s. The flat is also the site of the 615 sq mi (1590 km2) Nevada Wild Horse Range of the Nellis Air Force Range.The Kawich Range lies to the northeast and the Cactus Range to the southwest.
 Schiller is an oddly shaped lunar impact crater located in the southwestern sector of the Moon. To the east is the crater Bayer and to the southeast is Rost.The rim of Schiller has an elongated shape that is amplified by its proximity to the lunar limb. The long axis lies along a line running northwest–southeast with the wider girth located in the southeastern half. There is a slight bend in the elongation with the concave side facing to the northeast.
 Lac des Audannes is a lake in the Canton of Valais Switzerland. Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 The Huslia River is a 100-mile (160 km) tributary of the Koyukuk River in the U.S. state of Alaska. The river begins at the confluence of its north and south forks and flows generally southeast across the Koyukuk National Wildlife Refuge to meet the larger river near the community of Huslia.
 The Joyeuse is a left tributary of the Bidouze in the French Basque Country (Pyrénées-Atlantiques) in the Southwest of France.
 West Fork Cimarron River is an 11.8-mile-long (19.0 km) tributary of the Cimarron River in Colorado. The river's source is west of Coxcomb Peak in the Uncompahgre Wilderness of Hinsdale County. It joins the Cimarron River in Gunnison County.
 Asovka (Russian: Асовка) is a river in Perm Krai Russia a left tributary of Barda River. The length of the river is 39 km. Area of drainage basin is 397 km². Its origin is located east of village Machino near the border with Sverdlovsk Oblast. Main tributaries: Molyobka River (right); Bolshaya Kumina River Sosnovka River (left).
 The Izbicioara River is a tributary of the Abrud River in Romania.
 Dniester Estuary or Dniester Liman (Ukrainian: Дністровський лиман Romanian: limanul Nistrului) is a liman formed at the point where the river Dniester flows into the Black Sea. It is located in Ukraine in Odessa Oblast. The city of Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi lies on its western shore and Ovidiopol on its eastern shore. Shabo situated downstream of Bilhorod-Dnistrovskyi is known for its wine.
 Steer Creek is a tributary of the Little Kanawha River in central West Virginia in the United States. Via the Little Kanawha and Ohio rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 184 square miles (480 km2) in a rural region on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 Gallersbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Waionepu River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally west from its sources south of Maungatapere to reach the Waiotama River 20 kilometres southwest of Whangarei.
 The Immenberg (also spelled Imebärg) is a mountain located between Thundorf and Stettfurt in the canton of Thurgau.The summit forms a wooded plateau which is traversed by several trails. On the south-west slopes of the mountain is located the Sonnenberg Castle.
 The Comarnic River is a tributary of the Caraş River in Romania.
 Aonach Meadhoin is a Munro mountain situated in the Kintail region of Scotland. It stands on the northern side of Glen Shiel some 31 kilometres south east of Kyle of Lochalsh.
 Rushforth Lake is a lake in the Hayes River drainage basin in Census Division No. 22 - Thompson-North Central Northern Region Manitoba Canada. The lake is about 11 kilometres (6.8 mi) long and 1.4 kilometres (0.9 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 218 metres (715 ft). The primary inflow and outflow is the Bolton River whose waters eventually flow into Gods Lake and via the Gods River and the Hayes River into Hudson Bay.
 The Giona is a ‘torrent’ or intermittent stream which rises on the slopes of Monte Tamaro in the Swiss canton of Ticino. After about 2 km it enters the Italian province of Varese foming the Val Veddasca before entering Lake Maggiore at Maccagno.
 Lyshornet is a mountain in the municipality of Os Hordaland Norway.
 The Mogani River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Szlak Batorego (Trail of Báthory) is a manmade waterway in Poland first developed during the reign of Stephen Báthory in the 1600s. It connects the Zegrze Reservoir the Narew the Biebrza the Augustów Canal and the Neman River.
 Scenic Lake is a small alpine lake in Elmore County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 456 via trail 454 along the Little Queens River.Scenic Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Just to the south of Scenic Lake is Nahneke Mountain at 9564 ft (2915 m).
 The Brusturescu River is a tributary of the Zimbru River in Romania.
 The Grande Tête de l'Obiou (or simply l'Obiou) is a mountain in the Alps belonging to the French department of Isère. It is the highest peak of the Dauphiné Prealps and the seventh most prominent summit of metropolitan France.
 Pointe des Arcas is a mountain in the French Alps. Located in the Massif des Écrins the mountain is 3478 metres (11411 ft) tall.
 The Barrier River is a river in the Mount Aspiring National Park in the Southland region of New Zealand. It is a tributary of the Pyke River which it enters about 1 km south of Lake Wilmot.The Barrier River is fed by three glaciers and ice fields: Demon Gap Icefall (North Branch) Silver Glacier (via Silver Stream between the branches) Barrier Ice Stream (South Branch)↑
 The Saint Charles River (French: Rivière Saint-Charles) is a branch of the Saint Lawrence River that starts in Salaberry-de-Valleyfield Quebec. The river divides the Grande-Île and the Island of Salaberry which are located approximately 50km east of Montreal. The river is 8km long and drops 24m over its course from Lake Saint Francis east to Lake Saint-Louis.
 Russell is the lava-flooded remains of a lunar impact crater. It is located in the western part of the Oceanus Procellarum close to the western lunar limb. As a result it appears oblong-shaped due to foreshortening.The south-southwestern rim of Russell overlaps the larger rim of the lava-flooded crater Struve and together the two crater rims form a figure-8 outline with a wide gap where they are joined.
 Mount Krüger or Krügerfjellet (German: Krügerberg) is a 2655-metre (8710 ft) mountain standing 8 nautical miles (15 km) southwest of Kvithø Peak in the Sverdrup Mountains of Queen Maud Land Antarctica. The summit of Krüger is the highest point in the Sverdrup Mtns.
 The London to Portsmouth canal was a proposal for the construction of a secure inland canal route from the capital London to the headquarters of the Royal Navy at Portsmouth. It would have allowed craft to move between the two without having to venture into the English Channel and possibly encounter enemy ships. There is no naturally navigable route between the two cities resulting in several schemes.
 Lake Hancock is a lake located north of Bartow Florida in Polk County Florida. Lake Hancock is located in the Polk Upland area between the Winter Haven Ridge and Lakeland Ridge. As part of the upper Peace River watershed the lake has ecological importance throughout southwest Florida according to the Southwest Florida Water Management District. Lake Hancock is shallow with an average depth of four feet and a maximum depth of 16 feet (4.9 m).
 The Black River is a 41.1-mile-long (66.1 km) river on the Upper Peninsula of the U.S. state of Michigan flowing mostly in Gogebic County into Lake Superior at 46°40′03″N 90°02′57″W. Its source at 46°18′54″N 90°01′15″W is a boreal wetland on the border with Iron County Wisconsin.
 The Valea Brădeștilor River is a headwater of the Valea Cheii River in Romania.
 Kiwanis Lake is located in Kiwanis Community Park in central Tempe southwest of Baseline Road and Mill Avenue.
 The Repedea River or Valea Rea River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Weißach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Fall River is a 3.3-mile-long (5.3 km) stream in northeastern Minnesota the United States. It drops 860 feet (260 m) in elevation to Lake Superior over the final 2.2 miles (3.5 km) of its course.
 The Ulmul River is a tributary of the Aita River in Romania.
 The Valea Ploștilelor River is a tributary of the Pârâul Mic in Romania.
 Hidden Lake is an alpine lake in Boise County Idaho United States located in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 154.Hidden Lake is in the Sawtooth Wilderness and a wilderness permit can be obtained at a registration box at trailheads or wilderness boundaries. Mount Cramer the second highest point in the Sawtooth Mountains rises to the northeast of Hidden Lake.
 The Shan Hills (Burmese: ရှမ်းရိုးမ Thai: ฉานโยมา; Shan Yoma) also known as Shan Highland are part of the range of hills that extends through Yunnan to Burma and Thailand linking to the Himalayas of which they may be considered foothills. The highest point is Loi Leng Other peaks are 2565 m high Mong Ling Shan 2565 m high Doi Inthanon and 2563 m high Loi Pangnao.
 The Pârâul Cetăţii is a tributary of the Belcina River in Romania.
 Arroyo Calabasas (also known as Calabasas Creek) is a 7.0-mile-long (11.3 km) tributary of the Los Angeles River in the southwestern San Fernando Valley area of Los Angeles County in California.
 Coire an t-Sneachda (sometimes misspelled as Coire an t'Sneachda) is a glacial cirque or corrie landform in the Cairngorm or Am Monadh Ruadh mountain range in the Grampian Mountains of the Scottish Highlands.The summits of Cairn Lochan (1215m) and Stob Coire an t-Sneachda (1176m) lie above Coire an t-Sneachda's headwall.The Gaelic Coire an t-Sneachda roughly translates to the English language as Corrie of the Snow.
 The Moléson (French: Le Moléson) (2002 metres) is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking the region of Gruyères in the canton of Fribourg. It lies at the northern end of the chain between Lake Geneva and the valley of the Sarine.The summit of the mountain can be easily reached a cable car station being located near the summit at 1982 metres as well as a meteorological station.
 Little Dolores River is a 41.1-mile-long (66.1 km) tributary that flows into the Colorado River in Grand County Utah from a source in Mesa County Colorado.
 King Peak is the southernmost summit above 11000 feet (3400 m) in the Ruby Mountains of Elko County in northeastern Nevada in the western United States. To the west is Rattlesnake Canyon and to the east is Overland Creek Canyon which drains into the Ruby Valley). The Ruby Crest National Recreation Trail passes just to the east on its way north from Overland Lake.
 Curie is a large lunar crater much of which lies on the far side of the Moon as seen from the Earth. The western rim projects into the near side of the Moon as defined by the selenographic coordinate system. However the visibility of this formation depends on the effects of libration so that it can be brought fully into view or completely hidden depending on the orientation of the Moon.
 The Cureșița River is a tributary of the Mociur River in Romania.
 The Curaray River (also called the Ewenguno River or Rio Curaray) is a river in eastern Ecuador and is part of the Amazon River basin. The land along the river is home to several indigenous people groups including the Quechua and Huaorani. The river itself is home to crocodiles caimans and piranhas.
 Ch'uspiqucha (Quechua ch'uspi insect generic name of flies or two-winged insects / fly qucha lake lagoon fly lake or insect lake hispanicized spelling Chuspicocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Lima Region Yauyos Province Tanta District. It is situated at a height of about 4625 metres (15174 ft) about 1.02 km long and 0.4 km at its widest point.
 The Pârâul lui Duminecă or Duminica River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Yurmys (Russian: Юрмыс) is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast Russia a right tributary of Vogulka River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 15 km.
 The Braibach or Tierser Bach is a stream in South Tyrol Italy.
 The White Mulde (German: Weiße Mulde) is the right headstream of the Zwickau Mulde in the Vogtland region of Saxony Germany.
 La Brèche de Roland is the name of a natural gap 40 m across and 100 m high at an altitude of 2804 m in the Pyrenees in Aragón northern Spain.
 Chernyshev is a lunar impact crater that is located in the northern part of the Moon's far side. It lies to the northeast of the crater Chandler and to the southeast of the walled plain D'Alembert.The rim of this crater has been worn by impacts and multiple tiny craters lie along the rim. The southern part of the rim in particular has been more heavily eroded and modified by impacts compared to the northern part of the perimeter.
 Mount Pentelicus or Pentelikon (Greek: Πεντέλη Πεντελικόν or Πεντελικό Όρος) is a mountain range in Attica Greece situated northeast of Athens and southwest of Marathon. Its highest point is the peak Pyrgari elevation 1109 m. The mountain is covered in large part with forest (about 60 or 70%) and can be seen from southern Athens (Attica) the Pedia plain Parnitha and the southern part of the northern suburbs of Athens.
 Table Top Mountain is a mountain in the city and borough of Juneau Alaska United States. It is a peak of the Boundary Ranges located on Douglas Island 2 miles (3.2 km) northeast of Cropley Lake and 3.5 miles (5.6 km) west of the city of Juneau. The United States Geological Survey named the mountain in 1962 and it was entered into the Survey's Geographic Names Information System on March 31 1981.
 Gönnerbach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Mostil River or Moslim River is a tributary of the Râul Şes in Romania.
 The Gulf of Aqaba or Gulf of Eilat (Arabic: خليج العقبة‎ transliterated: Khalyj al-'Aqabah; Hebrew: מפרץ אילת‎ transliterated: Mifratz Eilat) is a large gulf at the northern tip of the Red Sea east of the Sinai Peninsula and west of the Arabian mainland. Its coastline is divided between four countries: Egypt Israel Jordan and Saudi Arabia.
 The Do Sangue River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 The Coșag River is a tributary of the Cormoș River in Romania.
 The Onaero River is a river of the Taranaki Region of New Zealand's North Island. It rises on the slopes of Taramoukou 14 kilometres south of Urenui reaching the sea two kilometres to the west of the same town.
 Castle Towers Mountain is a triple summit mountain on the east side of Garibaldi Lake in southwestern British Columbia Canada. The first ascent party from the BC Mountaineering Club named the mountain after its appearance in August 1911.
 The Waipu River is a river in the Northland Region of the North Island of New Zealand. It runs close to the town of Waipu. The river is popular with birdwatchers as species such as the New Zealand Dotterel oyster catchers and fairy terns live near it.
 Kanjut Sar is a mountain located in the Hispar Muztagh a subrange of the Karakoram mountain range. It lies within the Gilgit-Baltistan province of Pakistan. It is the 26th highest mountain on Earth and the 11th highest in Pakistan. Kanjut Sar consists of two peaks: Kanjut Sar I at 7760 metres (25459 ft). Kanjut Sar II to the south east of I at 6831 m (22411 ft).Kanjut Sar I was first climbed in 1959 by Camillo Pellissier member of an Italian expedition directed by Guido Monzino.
 The Midway River is an 18.8-mile-long (30.3 km) river located in southern Saint Louis County and northeast Carlton County Minnesota United States. It is a tributary of the Saint Louis River and flows northeast to southwest. The Midway River rises in the central part of Hermantown then flows through Midway Township and Thomson Township before flowing into the Saint Louis River southeast of Cloquet.
 Marys River Peak is the highest mountain in the Marys River Range of northern Elko County Nevada. It is located within the Jarbidge Wilderness which is administered by the Jarbidge Ranger District of the Humboldt-Toiyabe National Forest. The peak's name is derived from the Marys River a tributary of the Humboldt.
 At 57 km² Blöndulón is one of Iceland's largest lakes. It was created in 1984-1991 as a reservoir for the Blönduvirkjun power plant and has a greatest depth of 39 m. It is situated near the Kjölur highland road in the Highlands of Iceland. The hot springs of Hveravellir are situated some 25 km to the south.
 The Lava River Cave near Bend Oregon is part of the Newberry National Volcanic Monument which is managed by the United States Forest Service. The cave is an excellent example of a lava tube. At 5211 feet (1588 m) in length the northwest section of the cave is the longest continuous lava tube in Oregon.
 Alto Toroni (Cerro Sillajguay) is a mountain in South America. It is 5995 metres (19669 ft) tall and sits on the international border between Bolivia and Chile.
 Karaha Crater or Kawah Karaha is a fumarole field in Java Indonesia. It is an eroded crater from the last eruption in which its date is unknown. The field covers 250 × 80 m area and contains sulfur deposit.
 Ashley Creek is a 28.3-mile-long (45.5 km) tributary of the Sauk River in central Minnesota United States joining the Sauk just north of Sauk Center. It is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 Zeitzbach is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Faier River ( Hungarian: Fehér-patak ) is a tributary of the Mureş River in Transylvania Romania. Its name is from Hungarian and means “White Creek”.
 Wartenberg is a mountain in Baden-Württemberg Germany.49°14′N 7°47′E
 Simi Peak is a peak in the Simi Hills in Southern California. It is the highest peak in the Simi Hills at 2403 feet (732 m).
 Mount Raiden Volcanic Group is a volcanic group of active stratovolcanoes and lava domes situated in Hokkaidō Japan. The volcanoes were active 1.4 million to 800000 years ago.
 The Colorado River (Lontué) is a river of Chile.
 The Tschuggen is a mountain of the Bernese Alps overlooking Wengen in the Bernese Oberland. It has an elevation of 2521 metres above sea level and it is the highest summit of the group lying north of the Kleine Scheidegg.
 The Valea Mare River is a tributary of the Urlăţelu River in Romania.
 The Praia River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Yautepec River is a river of Mexico.
 The Serranía del Darién is a small mountain range on the border between Colombia and Panamá in the area called the Darién Gap. It is located in the southeastern part of the Darién Province of Panamá and the northwestern part of the Chocó Department of Colombia. There are two major protected areas here: Darién National Park in Panamá and Los Katíos National Park in Colombia. Serranía del Darién range's average elevation above sea level is 437 meters.
 Loch Sgadabhagh or Loch Scadavay is a water body on the island of North Uist Scotland. The name may be of Old Norse derivation meaning lake of tax bay although if so the reason is obscure. Loch Sgadabhagh is the largest loch by area on North Uist although Loch Obisary has about twice the volume.
 The Bantiger is a mountain north of the Emmental Alps overlooking the region of Bern. It is located east of Ittigen and north of Stettlen in the canton of Bern.The Bantiger TV Tower on the summit is a 196 metre tall tower used for FM- and TV-transmission.
 The Râul Prăsiliei is a tributary of the Bățul River in Romania.
 Livanjsko field or Livanjsko polje (Bosnian Croatian and Serbian: Livanjsko polje) located in Bosnia and Herzegovina is the largest polje (karstic field) in the world. Although a typical example of karst plateau circled by tall peaks and mountain ranges Livanjsko polje is however characterized by many unique natural phenomenons and karstic features.
 Elk Creek is a tributary of the West Fork River 29 miles (47 km) long in north-central West Virginia in the United States. Via the West Fork Monongahela and Ohio Rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 121 square miles (310 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau.
 Steinberg is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Bătrâioara River is a tributary of the Prahova River in Romania.
 The Cerna River is a small tributary of the Danube in Romania
 Kariega River (Afrikaans: Kariegarivier) is a river located in the Eastern Cape province South Africa. It is an intermittent water course that reaches the ocean through an estuary.This river rises 24 km west of Grahamstown and gives its name to Kariega Park.
 The Medonho River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Jökulsárlón (About this sound Icelandic pronunciation ; literally glacial river lagoon) is a large glacial lake in southeast Iceland on the edge of Vatnajökull National Park. Situated at the head of the Breiðamerkurjökull glacier it developed into a lake after the glacier started receding from the edge of the Atlantic Ocean. The lake has grown since then at varying rates because of melting of thec glaciers.
 The Arwa Group is a set of three Himalayan peaks named Arwa Tower Arwa Crest and Arwa Spire situated in the Chamoli district of Uttarakhand state in northern India. They are situated on the south side of the southwest branch of the Arwa Valley south of the dry lake Arwa Tal and northwest of Badrinath. To their south lies the Bhagirath Kharak Glacier. Lying near the border with Tibet these peaks have restricted access and they have not been frequented by climbers until recently.
 The Swan Lake Nature Study Area (formerly called Lemmon Valley Marsh) is a small conservation area in Lemmon Valley Nevada. It contains marsh alkali mud flats and high desert. The Lahontan Audubon Society describes it as a nearly unspoiled wetland in the midst of suburban housing and warehouses and designates it a Nevada Important Bird Area.
 Onarheimsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Kvinnherad in Hordaland county Norway.
 The Pilanesberg (formerly Pilandsberg) is a mountain in the North West Province South Africa. The mountain is an ancient volcanic structure circular in shape that rises from flat surrounding plains. It is formed by three concentric ridges or rings of hills of which the outermost has a diameter of about 24 km.
 Red Mountain Lake is located in Red Mountain Park in Mesa Arizona United States roughly between Power and Ellsworth Roads at Brown Road.
 Mont Margériaz is a mountain of Savoie France. It lies in the Bauges range. It has an elevation of 1845 metres above sea level.
 Atascadero Creek is a southwest flowing stream in Santa Barbara County California USA which empties into the Goleta Slough.
 Maipo is a stratovolcano in the Andes lying on the border between Argentina and Chile. It is located 90 km (56 mi) south of Tupungato and about 100 km (62 mi) southeast of Santiago. Maipo retains a symmetrical conical volcanic shape unlike many of the other nearby peaks making it the best known peak in the region though it is not the highest. (Nearby Castillo is 5485 m high.) Maipo is also almost the southernmost 5000 metre peak in the Andes.
 The Río de Aibonito is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Krausnick hills (German: Krausnicker Berge) are a small range of hills in Eastern Germany in the federal state of Brandenburg.
 The Wasenkoepfel (526 m) is a hill northwest of Oberbronn in the Lower Alsace in the French Vosges. It is the highest point of the southern Wasgau a Franco-German cross-border region that comprises the southern part of the Palatinate Forest and the northern part of the Vosges.
 Mount Beppirigai (ベッピリガイ山 Beppirigai-san) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 The Bicaci River is a tributary of the Gepiu River in Romania. Lake Miersig is located on this river upstream of the village of Miersig
 The Cristeșul River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania.
 The South Esk (Scottish Gaelic: Easg Dheas) is a river in Angus Scotland. It rises in the Grampian Mountains at Loch Esk in Glen Doll and flows through Glen Clova to Strathmore at Cortachy 5 km north of Kirriemuir. Its course takes it past Brechin and enters the North Sea at Montrose Basin.
 Pachaiyar River originates on the eastern slopes of the Western Ghats approximately 1000 m above sea level in the state of Tamil Nadu in southern India. It then converges with the Tambaraparani River. Nine anicuts have been built across it before it loses its identity in the Tamiraparani.The total length of the river from its origin to its merger with the Tamiraparani is about 32 km.
 Banner Mountain (also Banner Hill) is in Nevada County in the U.S. state of California. Located on a ridge its summit is at 3902 feet (1189 m). The unincorporated community of North Columbia is nearby. The headwaters of Wolf Creek originate on Banner Mountain; the creek's watershed has been heavily mined.
 Mount Prophet is a steep and remote mountain in the North Cascades of Washington state. Located between several isolated valleys west of Ross Lake and east of the Picket Range the mountain was named in reference to Tommy Rowland a religiously fanatic prospector who lived by the Skagit River in the late 19th century.
 Yanaqucha (Quechua yana black very dark qucha lake black lake hispanicized spelling Yanacocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Cangallo Province Chuschi District. It is situated at a height of about 4409 metres (14465 ft) about 0.75 km long and 0.29 km at its widest point.
 Pine River Pond is a 570-acre (2.3 km2) lake located in Carroll County in eastern New Hampshire United States in the town of Wakefield. Its outlet is the Pine River which flows northwest to Ossipee Lake.
 The Anari River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 Uaipán-tepui also spelled Waipán is a tepui in Bolívar state Venezuela. It is a southern satellite peak of the vast Auyán Massif with a maximum elevation of around 1950 metres (6400 ft). Its mostly forested summit plateau has an area of 2.5 km2 (0.97 sq mi). The mountain's slope area has been estimated at 60 km2 (23 sq mi).
 Kahshe Lake is a lake situated in the Muskoka region in Ontario Canada (just south of the town of Gravenhurst). It is one of the main cottaging lakes in the region and is the fourth largest of these lakes by area. There are approximately 600 cottages on the lake. The lake is tea coloured containing a high level of dissolved organics.
 Goodell Creek is a tributary of the Skagit River in the U.S. state of Washington.
 Jerrabattgulla Creek a perennial stream of the Shoalhaven River catchment is located in the Southern Tablelands region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Ziller is an approximately 47 km long right-side tributary to the Inn River in the Zillertal in Tyrol Austria. It springs from the ridge of the Zillertal Alps and feeds the Zillergründl Dam. In Mayrhofen it receives the Zemmbach (that in turn receives the Tuxerbach).
 Slip Lake is a 22 acre lake in Cook County Minnesota which is tributary to the Poplar River. Slip Lake reaches a maximum depth of 18 feet in a depression just south of the mouth of the stream leading to Fleck Lake. Slip Lake is accessible through portages to Dogtrot Lake and Fleck Lake. A fisheries survey turned up populations of walleye northern pike yellow perch and white suckers.
 The Jacaré River (Sergipe Piauí River) is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 Wauconda Pass (el. 4310 ft./1314 m.) is a high mountain pass in the Cascades in the state of Washington.It is traversed by State Route 20.
 Aschbach (Wern) is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Chopawamsic Creek is a 6.8-mile-long (10.9 km) tributary of the Potomac River in Prince William and Stafford counties Virginia. Chopawamsic Creek is formed by the confluence of the North and South Branches of Chopawamsic Creek and empties into the Potomac River south of Quantico at the Marine Corps Base Quantico's Air Station. Breckenridge Reservoir lies at the stream's confluence with the North and South Branches.
 Puruvesi is a lake in Eastern Finland. The lake is located in Kerimäki Kesälahti and Punkaharju municipalities. Part of the Saimaa lake system it borders on the sub-lake system of Pihlajavesi to the south.
 Zschonergrundbach is a river of Saxony Germany.
 Webbs Creek a perennial stream of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Outer Metropolitan Sydney region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Topino is a river in Umbria central Italy. It was known in ancient times as Timia and is mentioned by Dante Alighieri in the Canto XI of the Paradise.Its spring is on the slopes of the Monte Pennino at 649 m in the territory of Nocera Umbra. Topino's affluents include the Menotre and the Clitunno River. After passing through the comuni of Valtopina Foligno Bevagna Cannara and Bettona it joins the Chiascio before flowing into the Tiber.
 Skrwa Lewa (Left Skrwa; in Polish also Skrwa Lewobrzeżna or Skrwa Południowa) is a river of Poland a left tributary of the Vistula. It flows through the Gostynin-Włocławek Landscape Park and from the town of Gostynin to its mouth it is a kayaking area.Its counterpart the Skrwa Prawa (Right Skrwa) joins the Vistula about three miles downstream on the opposite bank.
 The Hawkesbury River is a semi–mature tide dominated drowned valley estuary located to the west and north of Sydney New South Wales Australia.
 Razorback Mountain is a mountain located within British Columbia Canada. It is the highest peak of the Niut Range a subrange of the Coast Mountains. Razorback Mountain has an elevation of 3183 metres (10443 ft) and with a prominence measure of 2153 metres (7064 ft) it is the 20th most prominent peak in British Columbia.Razorback Mountain was first climbed in 1931 by Henry S. Hall and Hans Fuhrer.
 The Merețel River is a tributary of the Rasnic River in Romania.
 Ambrose Lake is a lake in Algoma District Ontario Canada. It is about 2400 metres (7874 ft) long and 130 metres (427 ft) wide and lies between Lake Superior and Highway 17 at an elevation of 417 metres (1368 ft) about 40 kilometres (25 mi) south of the community of White River and 50 kilometres (31 mi) northwest of Wawa. The primary outflow is an unnamed creek to Iron Lake part of the Dog River system.
 The Balta Verde River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 The Roter Kogel is a mountain in Tyrol Austria which lies in the Stubai Alps. The top can be reached from the village Praxmar (Sankt Sigmund im Sellrain) in the Lüsener Tal or from the Potsdamer Hütte mountain hut.
 The Membeca River is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Morne du Cibao is the third highest mountain in Haiti after Pic la Selle and Pic Macaya. It is the highest point in the Montagnes du Cibao and rises to an elevation of 2280 metres (7480 ft) above sea level.
 The Guye (French: la Guye) is a 46.6 km (29.0 mi) long river in the Saône-et-Loire département central eastern France. It is a left tributary of the Grosne into which it flows between Malay et de Savigny-sur-Grosne.
 The Fancy River is a river of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 Wadrill is a river of Saarland Germany. It is a right tributary of the Prims which it joins near Wadern.
 Wolfs Head is a (12165-foot (3708 m)) mountain located in the southern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. Wolfs Head is on the northwest side of the Cirque of the Towers a popular climbing area. The peak is just north of Overhanging Tower and connected to Pingora Peak by a narrow arête. The East Ridge route on the Wolf's Head is recognized in the historic climbing text Fifty Classic Climbs of North America and considered a classic climb.
 The Bröhn (405 m) is the highest hill in the Deister range in the German state of Lower Saxony. It owes its name to the broom growing here (German: Besenginster but formerly known as Bröm or Bram). The highest point of the hill is close to the Anna Tower (de) an observation tower on the territory of the town of Springe close to the boundary of the municipality of Wennigsen.
 Mount Anderson is a high mountain in the northern part of the Sentinel Range in Ellsworth Mountains Antarctica. Probuda Ridge is trending northeast of the peak and Embree Glacier and Ellen Glacier's tributary Fonfon Glacier drain its northeastern and eastern slopes respectively. It is part of the same massif as Mount Bentley and Mount Sisu.The mountain was discovered by the Marie Byrd Land Traverse Party 1957–58 under C.R. Bentley and named for Vernon H.
 The Cornet River is a tributary of the Coisca River in Romania.
 The Buochserhorn is a mountain of the Swiss Prealps overlooking Lake Lucerne near Buochs in the canton of Nidwalden. It lies on the range west of the Schwalmis.
 The Uspanapa River also known as the Uxpanapa or Uzpanapa is a river of Mexico. It originates in the foothills of Sierra Atravesada subrange of the Sierra Madre de Chiapas mountains in the state of Oaxaca. It flows through the Selva Zoque and the municipio of Uxpanapa in the state of Veracruz from which it takes its name. It is a tributary of the Coatzacoalcos River which it joins downstream from the city of Minatitlán and upstream from Nanchital.
 Capayo River is a river of northern Venezuela. It flows into the Caribbean Sea.
 Cerro Columa or Cerro Colluma is a maar in Bolivia. It lies north-east of Huachacalla. Its last eruption date is unknown although some have assigned it as Holocene.
 The Manell River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Big Mink Lake is a fresh water lake in the St. Lawrence River drainage basin in Hastings Highlands Hastings County Ontario Canada. It is about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) west of the community of Lake St. Peter on Highway 127 and 25 kilometres (16 mi) northwest of Bancroft.
 Lillooet Lake is a lake in British Columbia Canada about 25 km in length and about 33.5 square kilometres (22 mi²) in area. It is about 95 km downstream from the source of the Lillooet River which resumes its course after leaving Little Lillooet Lake aka Tenas Lake (tenass in the Chinook Jargon means little).
 Panorama Point is the highest natural point in Nebraska at an elevation of 5429 feet (1655 m) above sea level.It is located in southwestern Kimball County near the point where Nebraska and Wyoming meet on Colorado's northern boundary. Despite its name and elevation Panorama Point is not a mountain or a hill; it is merely a low rise on the High Plains. A stone marker giving the elevation at 5424 feet (1653 m) and a guest register are located at the summit of the drive.
 The Cetatea Turia River is a tributary of the Jaidon River in Romania.
 La Carabassa is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an altitude of 2740 metres above sea level.
 The Andelle is a river of Normandy France 56.8 kilometres (35.3 mi) in length flowing through the departments of Seine-Maritime and Eure.
 Mandel'shtam is the remains of a large crater on the Moon's far side. Nearly attached to the northeast outer rim is the crater Papaleksi. To the south lies the crater Vening Meinesz.The outer rim of this crater has been battered into near ruin with sections forming only an irregular circular rise in the surface. Much of the rim consists of clefts small craters and ridges.
 The Cameron Range is a small low mountain range in northernwestern British Columbia Canada located on the north side of Port Chanal on the western side of Graham Island of the Queen Charlotte Islands. It has an area of 41 km2 and is a subrange of the Queen Charlotte Mountains which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 Old Wives Lake (Assiniboine: Wagą́ganati wakpá ) is a shallow saline lake in south central Saskatchewan Canada about 30 km southwest of Moose Jaw. The lake is fed by the Wood River but seasonal water relatively flattened the terrain and as such results in significant mudflats. A Migratory Bird Sanctuary was established at the lake on March 9 1925.
 The Pioche Hills are a mountain range in Lincoln County Nevada.The historic Pioche silver mining district is centered in the Pioche Hills and extends into the adjacent Bristol and Highland Ranges to the west.
 Graham Mountain is the seventh highest of the Catskill High Peaks and the highest privately owned mountain in the range. It is located in the town of Hardenburgh New York United States.Its summit is unique in the Catskills for its pygmy hardwood forest cover and absence of evergreen boreal species that normally dominate at that elevation in the range despite the presence of balsam fir on the slopes below the summit.
 The Gura Voii River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 Visbretinden is a mountain in Oppland in the mountain range Jotunheimen southern Norway.
 The Henry River is a river in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.The headwaters of the river rise between High Range and Barlee Range. It flows in a northerly direction close to the western edge of the Barlee Range Nature Reserve through Minnie Springs and discharges into the Ashburton River south-east of Nanutarra.There are five tributaries of the river including; Discovery Creek Telfer River and Wannery Creek.The river was named in 1866 by the pastoralist and explorer E. T.
 Adams is a lunar impact crater that is located in the rugged southeastern section of the Moon near the lunar limb. It lies just to the southwest of the crater Legendre. To the northwest are the craters Hase and Petavius and to the southwest is Furnerius. To the southwest of Adams is a system of rilles designated the Rimae Hase. The longest of these rilles follows a course to the southeast.The rim of Adams is generally circular in form but somewhat worn by small impact craters.
 Mountain Island Lake is a lake northwest of Charlotte North Carolina created in 1924 to coincide with the building of Mountain Island Hydroelectric Station. It is named after the mountain which appears as an island in the lake and the surrounding area is identified by the lake's name. The shape of the lake follows the meander of the Catawba river's course dammed near the Mount Holly Wastewater Plant. Full pond elevation is approximately 647.5 feet (197 m).
 Eberbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Baldy Mountain (official name) Baldy Peak Mount Baldy or Old Baldy is the highest peak in the Cimarron Range a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of New Mexico. It is located in Colfax County about 6 miles (10 km) northeast of Eagle Nest.
 The Jakobsberg is a hill 235.2 m above sea level that forms the westernmost peak of the Wesergebirge chain and is the eastern guardian of the Weser gorge the Porta Westfalica or Westphalian Gate in North Rhine-Westphalia (Germany).The summit is the site of the Jakobsberg Telecommunication Tower which stands on the site of a former Bismarck Tower near the Bismarckburg Inn the Schlageter Monument and the Porta Bluff.
 The Uruçuí-Vermelho River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 Carter Notch is a high mountain pass through the White Mountains of New Hampshire. It is traversed only by hiking trails. The notch is located in the Carter-Moriah Range within the White Mountain National Forest in Bean's Purchase Coos County New Hampshire. It is bordered to the west by Wildcat Mountain (4422 ft or 1348 m) and to the east by Carter Dome (4832 ft or 1473 m). There are two small ponds in the notch the Carter Lakes as well as a large boulder field named The Ramparts.
 Piz Fess is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps situated between the valleys of Val Lumnezia and Safiental in the canton of Graubünden. Piz Fess is the culminating point of the Signina range (Romansh: Cadeina dil Signina). The mountain has two summits a gentle summit named the Guter Fess (Good Fess; 2874 m) and a not so gentle one named Böser Fess (Angry Fess; 2880 m).
 Lake Brownworth is a meltwater lake immediately west of Wright Lower Glacier at the east end of Wright Valley Victoria Land. The lake was mapped by the United States Geological Survey (USGS) from surveys and air photos obtained in 1956–60. It was named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Frederick S. Brownworth Jr. USGS topographic engineer who worked several seasons in Antarctica.
 Bredikhin is a lunar crater that is located on the far side of the Moon. It lies just to the west of the crater Mitra and northeast of Raimond.This is a worn crater formation with features that have been dusted by material from the ray system of Jackson about three crater diameters to the northwest. The rim is overlaid by a small crater along the west-northwest and by a formation of craterlets along the southwest.
 The Deer Creek Dam and Reservoir hydroelectric facilities are located on the Provo River in western Wasatch County about 16 miles (26 km) northeast of Provo Utah. The dam is a zoned earthfill structure 235 feet (72 m) high with a crest length of 1304 ft (397 m). The dam contains 2810000 cubic yards (2150000 m³) of material and forms a reservoir of 152570 acre foot (188190000 m3) capacity. Construction of the project began in May 1938 and was completed in 1941.
 Sinseonbong is an 845-metre-high mountain of South Korea.
 Kautz Creek is a tributary of the Nisqually River flowing from the Kautz Glacier with its watershed in the Mount Rainier National Park of Washington. It drains southwest from Mount Rainier for about 6 miles (9.7 km) before it joins the Nisqually River near Mount Rainier Highway. It is notable for being a severe flooding hazard and that it changes its course often.
 The Cioara River is a tributary of the Baldovin River in Romania.
 The Bârsa Fierului River is a tributary of the Bârsa River in Romania.
 Lilla skogssjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden.
 Kochklingenbach is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Urqumayu (Quechua urqu mountain / male mayu river mountain river or male river hispanicized spelling Orgomayo) or Vizcarra (named after a prefect of Huánuco Colonel Pedro C. Vizcarra) is a river in the Ancash Region and in the Huánuco Region in Peru. It is a tributary of the Marañón River.
 Mount of the Holy Cross is the northernmost 14000-foot mountain in the Sawatch Range part of the Rocky Mountains in Colorado. It is located in the Holy Cross Wilderness near the ghost town of Holy Cross City and in Eagle County. It was named for the distinctive cross-shaped snowfield on the northeast face. Under USDA Forest Service administration the mountain was proclaimed Holy Cross National Monument by Herbert Hoover on May 11 1929.
 The Orne is a river in Lorraine north-eastern France which is a left tributary of the Moselle and sub-tributary of the Rhine. Its source is in the hills northeast of Verdun. It flows east and joins the Moselle near Mondelange between Metz and Thionville.
 Salmon Falls Creek is a tributary of the Snake River flowing from northern Nevada into Idaho in the United States. Formed in high mountains at the northern edge of the Great Basin Salmon Falls Creek flows northwards 121 miles (195 km) draining an arid and mountainous basin of 2103 square miles (5450 km2). The Salmon Falls Creek valley served as a trading route between the Native American groups of the Snake River Plain and Great Basin but now most of its water is used for irrigation.
 The Joy Range is one of the northern mountain ranges in the world and of the Arctic Cordillera along with the nearby Princess Margaret Range located on southeastern Axel Heiberg Island Nunavut Canada. It is named after Alfred Herbert Joy which is best known for a remarkable 2900 km (1802 mi) patrol by dogsled across the heart of the Queen Elizabeth Islands in 1929.
 Mount Bishop is a mountain located on the northern border of Mount Seymour Provincial Park in the District of North Vancouver British Columbia. It is a part of the North Shore Mountains rising from the shores of Indian Arm to a summit of 1509 metres (4951 ft).
 The Zăpodie River is a tributary of the Someşul Mic River in Romania.
 Leina is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 Liman River is a river in northern Java Indonesia.
 The Awali (Arabic: نهر الأولي‎ / ALA-LC: Nahr al-Awalī) is a perennial river flowing in Southern Lebanon. In ancient times it was known as the River Asclepius. It is 48 kilometres (30 mi) long originating from the Barouk mountain at a height of 1492 metres (4895 ft) and the Niha mountain. The Awali is supplemented by two tributaries the Barouk and Aaray rivers.
 The River Daugava or Western Dvina is a river rising in the Valdai Hills Russia flowing through Russia Belarus and Latvia draining into the Gulf of Riga in Latvia an arm of the Baltic Sea. The total length of the river is 1020 km (630 mi): 325 km (202 mi) in Russia 338 km (210 mi) in Belarus and 352 km (219 mi) in Latvia. In the 19th century it was connected by a canal to the Berezina and Dnieper rivers (the canal is currently not functioning).
 Jacaré River (Alagoas) is a river of Alagoas state in eastern Brazil.
 The Ungureni River or Băleasa River is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
 The Guyandotte River is a tributary of the Ohio River approximately 166 mi (267 km) long in southwestern West Virginia in the United States. It was named after the French term for the Wendat Native Americans. It drains an area of the unglaciated Allegheny Plateau south of the Ohio between the watersheds of the Kanawha River to the northeast and Twelvepole Creek and the Big Sandy River to the southwest. Via the Ohio River it is part of the Mississippi River watershed.
 The Gheorghe River is a tributary of the Schitu River in Romania.
 The Río Guayabo is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Valea Albă River is a tributary of the Cavnic river in Romania.
 Waterdog Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trail 683.Waterdog Lake is northeast of Merriam Peak and located in the lower section of the Boulder Chain Lakes Basin.
 The Valea Banului River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 Carnedd y Filiast is a mountain near Cerrigydrudion on the border of the Snowdonia National Park North Wales and is 669 metres (2195 ft) high.It is part of the Arenig mountain range and rises from the shore of Llyn Celyn. It is also a peak in an area of moorland known as the Migneint. The views are extensive including Foel Goch Arenig Fach Arenig Fawr and Mynydd Nodol. The mountain has a north facing glacial cwm known as Y Gylchedd.
 Lake Chebarkul (Russian: озеро Чебаркуль) is a lake in Chebarkulsky District Chelyabinsk Oblast Russia on the slopes of the southern Urals. The town of Chebarkul lies on its eastern shore and Chelyabinsk the administrative center of Chelyabinsk Oblast is located about 70 kilometres (43 mi) to the northeast.
 The Valea Urșilor River is a tributary of the Negraşu River in Romania.
 The Borăscu River is a tributary of the Lăpuşnicul Mic River in Romania.
 The South Branch Raritan River is a 50-mile-long (80 km) tributary of the Raritan River in central New Jersey in the United States.The source of the South Branch is the outflow from Budd Lake a glacial remnant located a few miles northeast of Hackettstown.
 Brabrand Lake (Danish: Brabrand-søen or Brabrand Sø) is located in the district of Brabrand (Gellerup) west of Aarhus city. The Aarhus River - which is just a stream really - passes through this lake and it is possible to canoe all the way to the inner city. The lake is oblong-shaped.Within the last decade Brabrand Lake has steadily been extended 3–4 km further west with the Årslev meadow lake (Danish: 'Årslev Engsø').
 Hercules is a prominent crater located in the northeast part of the Moon to the west of the crater Atlas. It lies along the east edge of a southward extension in the Mare Frigoris. To the west across the mare is Bürg. To the south is the ruined crater Williams.The interior walls of Hercules have multiple terraces and there is a small outer rampart. The crater floor has been flooded by lava in the past and contains several areas of low albedo.
 Laguna Tacuaral is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 170 m its surface area is 16.7 km².
 The Bastion Range is a small mountain range at the northeastern corner of Garibaldi Provincial Park in the Garibaldi Ranges of the Pacific Ranges of the Coast Mountains in southwestern British Columbia Canada. Overlooking Lillooet Lake it has an area of 50 km2.
 The Varenne is a river of Normandy France 40 kilometres (25 mi) in length flowing through the department of Seine-Maritime and it is a tributary of the Arques River.
 Schandtauber is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Paugus Bay is a 1220-acre (4.9 km2) water body located in Belknap County in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire in the city of Laconia. It is connected by a short channel at the village of Weirs Beach to Lake Winnipesaukee. The bay is named after Chief Paugus who fought in the Battle of Pequawket during Dummer's War.
 The Olivine River is a river in northern Fiordland New Zealand. It rises north of the Cow Saddle and flows north then north-west over Olivine Falls to become a tributary of the Pyke River near Olivine Hut.
 Laghetto di Terra Nera is a lake in the Province of Livorno Tuscany Italy.
 Turó del Castell is a mountain of the Guilleries Massif Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 851.1 metres above sea level. The Susqueda reservoir lies off the southern slopes of the mountain. The high plateau lying ENE of the mountain is known as Pla del Castell. A rocky outcrop known as Puig de la Força (739 m) rises WSW of the summit.
 Anaconda Peak (8166 feet (2489 m)) is located in the Livingston Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Batu Pahat River is the river originating from Sungai Simpang Kanan Tongkang Pechah and flows through Batu Pahat (Bandar Penggaram) and until it reaches the mouth of the river in Pantai Minyak Beku a seaside village lying on the west coast of Johor Malaysia.The total length of the river is 12km.
 Adelbert Range is a mountain range in Madang Province north-central Papua New Guinea. Highest point of the mountains is at 1716 metres (5630 ft). As other mountain ranges in Papua New Guinea it is cloaked in rainforest and is home to many rare species of fauna and flora and is highly biodiverse. Adelbert Range is home to more than 700 species of birds including 38 species of bird of paradise.
 The Winburndale Rivulet is a river of the state of New South Wales in Australia. It begins at the junction of the Kirkconnell and Mitchells Creeks to the West of Sunny Corner and flows in a westerly direction until it meets the Macquarie River to the East of Killongbutta.It is dammed to the East of Bathurst by Winburndale Dam.
 Zakučac Hydroelectric Power Plant is a large power plant in Croatia that has four turbines with a nominal capacity of 122 MW each having a total capacity of 488 MW.It is a high-pressure diversion plant located at the Cetina River mouth into the sea near the city of Omiš.It is operated by Hrvatska elektroprivreda.
 Conguillío Lake is a lake located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile within the Conguillío National Park. The lake was formed by the damming of the Trufultruful River caused by a lava flow from the Llaima volcano.
 Mangerton or Mangerton Mountain (Irish: an Mhangarta) is a mountain in County Kerry Republic of Ireland. At a height of 839 m (2753 ft) it is the tallest of the Mangerton range and 25th tallest in Ireland. Its western slope lies within Killarney National Park.
 Lago di Ganzirri is a lake in the Province of Messina Sicily Italy. At an elevation of 1 m its surface area is 3.38 km².
 The Makarau River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. The river rises some 10 kilometres north of Kaukapakapa flowing west before entering the south of the Kaipara Harbour.
 The Ellsworth Mountains are the highest mountain ranges in Antarctica forming a 360 km (224 mi) long and 48 km (30 mi) wide chain of mountains in a north to south configuration on the western margin of the Ronne Ice Shelf. They are bisected by Minnesota Glacier to form the northern Sentinel Range and the southern Heritage Range. The former is by far the higher and more spectacular with Vinson Massif (4892 m) constituting the highest point on the continent.
 Amba ghat (pronounced as Aamba ghat) is a mountain pass on Ratnagiri-Kolhapur road (NH 204) in Maharashtra India at a height of 2000 ft above sea-level This ghat lies in the Sahyadri mountain ranges (Western Ghats) and has picturesque mountain-scapes and a pleasant climate. It is situated near Shahuwadi Kolhapur district and has nearby interesting places are Pawankhind and Vishalgad fort (including Rehan Baba Dargah).
 Pizzo d'Orsalietta is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps located west of Cevio in the canton of Ticino. It lies between the valleys of Bavona and Bosco Gurin.
 The Goio-Bang River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Slate River is a 23.7-mile-long (38.1 km) tributary of the East River in Gunnison County Colorado. It flows south from a source near Yule Pass in the Raggeds Wilderness to a confluence with the East River southeast of Crested Butte Colorado.
 The River Twiss is a river in the county of Yorkshire England. The source of the river is Kingsdale Beck which rises at Kingsdale Head at the confluence of Back Gill and Long Gill in the Yorkshire Dales. Beneath Keld Head it changes its name to the River Twiss.
 Pacific Grade Summit at elevation 2454 m / 8050 ft. is a high mountain pass on the western approach to Ebbetts Pass to the east in the Sierra Nevada range in eastern California. California State Route 4 in the State Scenic Highway System crosses the Sierra through the pass.
 The Cernat River is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 Cave S is a limestone cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. It is located on the eastern side of the Rock of Gibraltar near Holy Boy's Cave. Human remains were found in the cave in 1910 that did not appear to be of a modern man.
 Lake Washington is a large freshwater lake adjacent to the city of Seattle. It is the largest lake in King County and the second largest natural lake in the state of Washington after Lake Chelan. It is bordered by the cities of Seattle on the west Bellevue and Kirkland on the east Renton on the south and Kenmore on the north and surrounds Mercer Island.
 The Arieșul Mare (Hungarian: Nagy-Aranyos) is a river in the Apuseni Mountains Alba County western Romania. It is the left headwater of the river Arieş. It flows through the villages Arieșeni Gârda de Sus Scărișoara Albac and Vadu Moţilor and joins the Arieșul Mic (the other headwater) near Câmpeni.
 The Vindel River (Swedish: Vindelälven) is a river in northern Sweden. It is a tributary to Ume River and the biggest tributary river in Sweden.
 Waconda Lake is a reservoir near Glen Elder Kansas in northwestern Mitchell County and extending westward into northeastern Osborne County. It is fed by the Solomon River of which both forks form the lake. Cawker City is located on the north shore of the lake as is Glen Elder State Park. The lake was formed by Glen Elder Dam a project of the United States Bureau of Reclamation built from 1963 to 1969.Waconda Spring was flooded by the lake's creation.
 The Moeciul Cald River is a headwater of the Turcu/Moeciu River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Jigărea and Valea Lacului
 Trekanten (English: The Triangle) is a small lake in southern-central Stockholm Sweden.With a small drainage area with no major feeders and originally lacking natural beauty Trekanten is today located in a park furnished with an artificial bathing beach and various planted-out fish species. As such it is considered as of great recreational value and is popular for bathing and fishing.
 The Lotrișor River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Vatnafjöll is a 40 km (25 mi) long 9 km (6 mi) wide basaltic fissure vent system that is located southeast of Hekla Iceland. It is part of the same system as Hekla. More than two dozen eruptions have occurred at Vatnafjöll during the Holocene Epoch. Vatnafjöll last erupted about 1200 years ago.
 Rombach (Liederbach) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Turchino Lake is a lake in the Province of Modena Emilia-Romagna Italy. At an elevation of 1600 m its surface area is 0.0625 km².
 Puketutu Island is a volcanic island in the Manukau Harbour New Zealand and is part of the Auckland volcanic field. European settlers called it Weekes' Island but this was eventually removed again in favour of the historical Māori name.In the 1950s several of its scoria cones were heavily quarried for fill to extend Auckland Airport nearby. The island's highest point 65 m high Pinnacle Hill was retained.
 Tekoa Mountain 1121 feet (342 m) is a dramatic rocky high point overlooking the Westfield River Gorge at the eastern edge of the Berkshire plateau in the towns of Montgomery and Russell Massachusetts USA. Tekoa Mountain very prominent from the Jacob's Ladder section of U.S.
 Willow Lake is a lake in Alberta Canada. It is part of the Athabasca River Basin.It is located in the wetlands of northern Alberta adjacent to Highway 881 between Fort McMurray and Lac La Biche. It was known as Willow Lake Until 1940 when the name was changed to Gregoire Lake. In May of 1995 the name was changed back to Willow Lake by the Alberta Government.The lake has a total area of 25.8 km2 (10.0 sq mi) and sits at an elevation of 480 m (1570 ft).
 The River Tweed is a short tributary of the River Sence. It rises around the west of the village of Barwell Leicestershire England and flows westwards crossing the A447 at Abraham's Bridge.The Tweed is synonymous with many of the small rivers that rise in West Leicestershire.
 Forbes River a perennial river of the Hastings River catchment is located in the Mid North Coast region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Conewago Canal on the west bank of the Susquehanna River below York Haven Pennsylvania 11 miles (18 km) south of Harrisburg in York County enabled late 18th and early 19th century rivercraft to safely bypass rapids at Conewago Falls. Work on the canal of less than 1 mile (1.6 km) began in 1793 and was completed in 1797.
 Huechulafquen Lake (Spanish pronunciation: [wetʃuˈlafken]) is a lake in Neuquén Province Patagonian Argentina. This glacial lake is located in the Andean mountains in Lanín National Park some 25 kilometres from Junín de los Andes and 60 kilometres from San Martín de los Andes. It is one of Argentina's most important Andean lakes and is fed by meltwater streams and Lakes Paimún and Epulafquén.
 The Poxim Mirim River is a river of Sergipe state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Little River (Clinch River) is a river in the United States state of Virginia.
 Superstition Mountain (Yavapai: Wi:kchsawa O'odham: Gakoḍk) is located immediately east of the Phoenix metropolitan area in Arizona. It anchors the west end of the Superstition Wilderness. Although its precise origin is debated by geologists many believe that the mountain was formed from volcanic activity as far back as 25 million years ago.
 The Reiherstieg is an anabranch of the river Elbe in the Port of Hamburg Germany.It connects the Süderelbe and the Norderelbe. To avoid tideflow its natural mouths are closed by locks although the middle access through the Rethe basin isn't locked.
 The Dos Patos River (Goiás) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Dombach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Brilhante River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Valea Miții River or Miţa River is a tributary of the Zalău River in Romania.
 The Valea lui Ion River is a tributary of the Ohaba River in Romania.
 Osterfjorden is a fjord in Hordaland county Norway. The fjord is one of three fjords surrounding the island of Osterøy. The fjord runs along the municipal border of Lindås and Osterøy municipalities. The fjord begins at the Romarheimsfjorden and flows to the west for 27 kilometres (17 mi) before ending near the village of Knarvik at the confluence of four fjords: Osterfjorden Radfjorden (to the north) Sørfjorden (to the south) and Salhusfjorden (to the west).
 The Purcăreț River is a tributary of the Ciugheș River in Romania.
 The Vienne (Occitan: Vinhana) is one of the most important rivers in south-western France a significant left tributary of the lower Loire. It supports numerous hydro-electric dams and it is the main river of the Limousin region and also of the eastern part of the Poitou-Charentes region. Two French départements are named after the Vienne river: the Haute-Vienne (87) in the Limousin region and the Vienne (86) in the Poitou-Charentes region.
 Fedjebjørnen is the highest point on the island of Fedje which is located in Fedje municipality in Hordaland county Norway. The hill is located on the southeastern part of the island about half way between the two villages on the island: Fedje and Stormark. Fedjebjørnen reaches a height of about 42 metres (138 ft) above sea level.
 The Pietroasa River is a tributary of the Văleni River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters Chisbic and Imre
 The Eschkopf near Hofstätten in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate (Südwestpfalz county) is a major hill 608.3 m above sea level high in the Palatine Forest.
 The Crixás Mirim River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 Pelican Butte is a steep-sided dormant shield volcano in the Cascade Range of southern Oregon. It is located 28 miles (45 km) due south of Crater Lake and 12 miles (19 km) northeast of Mount McLoughlin and rises over 3800 feet (1200 m) directly above the shore of Upper Klamath Lake. Ice Age glaciers carved a large cirque into the northeast flank of the mountain forming a steep bowl which is popular in winter with backcountry skiers and snowmobilers.
 This article is about the lake in New York. For other uses of Chautauqua see Chautauqua (disambiguation).Chautauqua Lake is located entirely within Chautauqua County New York USA. The lake is approximately 17 miles (27 km) long and 2 miles (3.2 km) wide at its greatest width. The surface area is approximately 13000 acres (53 km2). The maximum depth is about 78 feet (23 m).
 The Otaua River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It is a tributary of the Punakitere River which it reaches five kilometres south of the latter's outflow into the Waima River
 The Hotaru River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It joins the Olt River near the Vadu Roșu railway stration.This river should not be confused with the Hotaru River (but flowing into the Olt River approximately 7 miles upstream near the village of Colonia Reconstrucţia) nor with the Hotaru River (flowing into the Olt River approximatively 10 miles downstream near the village of Măieruş) both having identical names.
 Great Knoutberry Hill also commonly known as Widdale Fell is a mountain located near Dent at the heads of Ribblesdale Dentdale and Wensleydale in the Yorkshire Dales National Park. The Cumbria/North Yorkshire border runs over the fell.
 The Fluchthorn or Piz Fenga is a mountain of in the Silvretta Alps located on the border between Austria and Switzerland. With a height of 3398 metres above sea level it is the second highest summit of the Silvretta Alps. The Fluchthorn lies between the Jamtal (Tyrol) and the Val Fenga (Graubünden). It consists of three summits of which the southern one is the highest.
 The Nasse Strahlegg (3485 m) is a peak of the Bernese Alps located east of the Finsteraarjoch in the canton of Bern. It is the culminating point of the small range descending from the south-west ridge of the Lauteraarhorn between the valleys of the Lower Grindelwald Glacier and the Unteraar Glacier.
 Monte Ricco is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 330 metres.
 White Cloud Peak 1 also known as WCP 1 at 10353 feet (3156 m) above sea level is an unofficially named peak in the White Cloud Mountains of Idaho. The peak is located in Sawtooth National Recreation Area in Custer County 0.88 mi (1.42 km) from White Cloud Peak 3 its line parent. Hoodoo Lake is west of the peak.
 The Almăşeni River is a tributary of the Iara River in Romania.
 Medicine Grizzly Peak (8315 feet (2534 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana.
 Baugh Fell (/boʊˈfɛl/ /bɔːˈfɛl/ or local /ˈbɑːfəl/) is a large flat-topped hill in the northern Pennines of England. It lies in the north-western corner of the Yorkshire Dales National Park immediately to the east of the Howgill Fells and to the north of Whernside the highest of the Yorkshire Three Peaks. Formerly in the West Riding of Yorkshire since 1974 it has been part of the county of Cumbria.
 Kinder Scout is a moorland plateau and National Nature Reserve in the Dark Peak of the Derbyshire Peak District in England. Part of the moor at 636 metres (2087 ft) above sea level is the highest point in the Peak District the highest point in Derbyshire and the highest point in the East Midlands.
 Pemigewasset Lake is a 256-acre (104 ha) water body located in the Lakes Region of central New Hampshire in the United States. The lake straddles the border between the towns of New Hampton and Meredith both in Belknap County. Outflow from the lake travels down Harper Brook to the Pemigewasset River a tributary of the Merrimack River which flows to the Gulf of Maine.
 The Seaforth River is a river in New Zealand flowing into Dusky Sound.
 Kalajoki (literally Fish River) is a 130 kilometres (80 mi) long river in Northern Ostrobothnia Finland.Its origin is near Haapajärvi and flows into Baltic Sea at Kalajoki municipality.
 Vulcano (Sicilian: Vurcanu) is a small volcanic island in the Tyrrhenian Sea about 25 km (16 mi) north of Sicily and the southernmost of the eight Aeolian Islands. It is 21 km2 (8 sq mi) in area rises to 499 m (1637 ft) above sea level and contains several volcanic centers including one of four active non-submarine volcanoes in Italy.
 The Kennet is a river in the south of England and a tributary of the River Thames. The lower reaches of the river are navigable to river craft and are known as the Kennet Navigation which together with the Avon Navigation the Kennet and Avon Canal and the Thames links the cities of Bristol and London.
 The Ruhr is a medium-size river in western Germany (North Rhine-Westphalia) a right tributary (east-side) of the Rhine.
 The Valea Iudei River is a tributary of the Valea Caselor river in Romania.
 Bull Lake Glacier is located immediately east of the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The glacier is in the Fitzpatrick Wilderness of Shoshone National Forest and is among the largest grouping of glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains. Bull Lake Glacier flows to the east and starts below the summit of Jackson Peak. It is adjacent to Lower Fremont Glacier though the two are separated by a moraine.
 Mosquito Lake is a lake in the Northwest Territories Canada.
 Montagne des Mémises (1674 m) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps in Haute-Savoie France near the Franco-Swiss border. It dominates the communes of Évian-les-Bains and Thollon-les-Mémises and provides a panoramic view over Lac Léman of the Jura Massif and the Franco-Swiss Alps.
 Rollins Pass elevation 11676 ft (3559 m) is a mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of north-central Colorado in the United States. The pass is located on the continental divide at the crest of the Front Range southwest of Boulder at the boundary of Grand and Boulder counties.
 Tiantai Mountain (Chinese: 天台山; pinyin: Tiāntāi Shān; Wade–Giles: T'ien T'ai shan) is in Tiantai County in Zhejiang Province China near the city of Taizhou. The mountain was made a national park on 1 August 1988. The Guoqing Temple on the mountain is the headquarters of the Tiantai sect of Buddhism and also a tourist destination. Tiantai Buddhism named after the mountain focuses on the Lotus Sūtra. The most prominent teacher of that school Zhiyi was based at the Guoqing Temple.
 Triple Divide Peak is a mountain along the Great Western Divide in the Sierra Nevada range on the border between Kings Canyon National Park and Sequoia National Park in Tulare County California. It rises to 12640 feet (3853 m).Near Kaweah Gap the peak divides three important watersheds: the Kern River the Kaweah River and the Kings River. This three-way divide leads to the peak's name.
 The Granite Range el. 11092 feet (3381 m) is a mountain range southwest of Absarokee Montana in Stillwater County Montana.
 The Nandewar Range is a mountain range 30 km (19 mi) east of Narrabri in New South Wales Australia. John Oxley was the first European to see the range in 1818 as he explored the New South Wales Northern Tablelands.The range is located on the western inland side of the New England region and generally forms the watershed divide between the Namoi River and Gwydir River catchment basins to the south and north respectively.
 Borestone Mountain is a mountain in Piscataquis County Maine. It is a popular hiking spot near the center of the state with a trailhead located on Mountain Road near Willimantic. The mountain is part of the Borestone Mountain Audubon Sanctuary.The trail is open to hikers 365 days a year. Parking is available on Mountain Road approximately 5 miles (8.0 km) north of Willimantic.
 The Arade is a river located in the region of the Algarve southern Portugal. the river's course takes it through the municipalities of Silves Lagoa and Portimão. The source of the river lies to the southwest of the Serra do Caldeirão mountain ridge in a valley called Barranco do Pé do Coelho. The river has a total length of 46.6 miles (75.0 km) with its source being 481 metres (1578 ft) above sea level.
 Jach'a Ch'ankha (Aymara jach'a big great ch'ankha wool cord great cord hispanicized spelling Jachcha Chankha) is a 4345 metres (14255 ft) high mountain located in the Andes in Bolivia. It is situated in the Oruro Department Cercado Province Surakachi Municipality 16 km east of the town Oruro. Jach'a Ch'ankha lies near the villages Paya Payani in the north east Qala Qala in the south and Irsuma in the south west.
 The Slatina River is a tributary of the Bresnic River in Romania.
 Fonualei is a volcanic island close to Vavaʻu in the kingdom of Tonga.It was seen by Don Francisco Mourelle de la Rua on the La Princesa on 26 February 1781. He reported the island to be barren from eruptions and called it for that reason Amargura (Bitterness in Spanish).A major eruption in 1846 starting 11 June destroyed much of the vegetation of Vavaʻu and spread ash around for at least a year.
 Lake Leon also known as Tom Brown Park Pond is a small lake on the eastern side of Tallahassee Florida USA. Located within Tom Brown Park there is a nature trail around the lake with a boardwalk along one side.
 Archimedes is a large lunar impact crater on the eastern edges of the Mare Imbrium.
 The Mountains of Sis (Catalan: Serra de Sis or Serra del Cis) (Spanish: Sierra de Sis) is a 28 km (17 mi) long mountain range of the Pre-Pyrenees. They are located between the valleys of rivers Isábena and the Escales Reservoir Noguera Ribagorzana in the Ribagorza comarca Aragon Spain. The ridge's highest summits are Pico de l´Amorriador (1791 m) and Puialto (1782 m).
 Coedty Reservoir is a reservoir in Snowdonia North Wales. It is fed by the waters of Afon Porth-llwyd which flows from Llyn Eigiau. The reservoir lies at a height of 900 feet (274 m) and measures some 12 acres (49000 m2) in size. It contains brown trout.The original dam was built in 1924 to provide hydro-electric power to the aluminium smelting works in Dolgarrog. In 1925 the Eigiau dam broke and the flood of water from that also burst Coedty dam.
 Geißlstein is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Lostine River is a 31.4-mile-long (50.5 km) tributary of the Wallowa River in northeastern Oregon in the United States. It drains a portion of the Eagle Cap Wilderness of the Wallowa Mountains in the Wallowa–Whitman National Forest and joins the Wallowa River at Wallowa.In 1988 the upper 16 miles (26 km) of the Lostine River were listed as Wild and Scenic. A 5-mile (8 km) segment in the wilderness below the river's source at Minam Lake were classified wild.
 Puigllançada is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. Located in the Pyrenees it has an elevation of 2409 metres above sea level.
 Piz Foraz is a mountain in the Sesvenna Range of the Alps located south-west of S-charl in the canton of Graubünden.The south and east sides of the mountain are part of the Swiss National Park.
 The Sifton Ranges are a mountain range along the west side of the Rocky Mountain Trench in northern British Columbia Canada. It has an area of 1820 km2 and is a subrange of the Cassiar Mountains which in turn form part of the Interior Mountains.
 The Lake Masketsi is located in the unorganized territory of Lac-Masketsi in the Mekinac Regional County Municipality in Mauricie in Quebec in Canada.
 The Cerro El Huehuentón (Nahuatl: Huēhuēntōn little old man) is the highest peak of the Sierra de Quila; it stands at 8298 ft above sea level. El Huehuentón is located at about a 30-minute drive from Lagunillas the largest population enclaved in the forest between the municipalities of San Martín de Hidalgo and Tecolotlán in Jalisco.It is not sure why the mount got its peculiar name meaning little old man although the Tepenahuales who spoke Nahuatl inhabited the area since the 1400s.
 The Wingan River is a perennial river with no defined major catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 The Dammbach is a river in Bavaria Germany.
 The Matabitchuan River is a river in Nipissing and Timiskaming Districts Ontario Canada.
 The Ghilăuca River is a tributary of the Ibăneasa River in Romania.
 The Vltava (Czech pronunciation: [ˈvl̩tava] ; German: Moldau IPA: [ˈmɔldaʊ̯]) is the longest river in the Czech Republic running north from its source near the German border in Šumava through Český Krumlov České Budějovice and Prague merging with the Elbe at Mělník.
 Lake Sherwood is a lake located just outside the city limits southwest of Topeka Kansas USA. The name is also used for the surrounding community.Lake Sherwood is also home to one of the largest Fourth of July celebrations in the Topeka community.
 Portage River is a 38.6-mile-long (62.1 km) river that flows southward through Kalamazoo County and St. Joseph County Michigan. Its headwaters are 8 miles (13 km) east of the city of Kalamazoo at Portage Lake and the river flows southwest to its mouth within the city limits of Three Rivers where it drains into the St. Joseph River.
 Dâmbovița (Romanian pronunciation: [ˈdɨmbovit͡sa]) is a river in Romania. It has its sources in the Făgăraş Mountains on the Curmătura Oticu. The upper reach of the rivers upstream of the confluence with the Boarcăşu River is also known as Izvorul Oticului River or Oticu River.It passes through Bucharest and flows into the Argeș River 286 kilometres from its source near Budești in Călărași County. Dâmbovița County is named after the river.
 Chenghai Lake (Chinese: 程海; pinyin: Chéng Hăi) is a plateau lake in Yunnan Province，southwest of China. The lake has a total area of about 77.22 square kilometers. The average depth is 25.7 m with an elevation of 1503 m. the water storage capacity is about 19.87×108m3. Chenghai Lake is one of only three lakes in the world where Spirulina is found naturally.
 Gombong is a mountain in the county of Yeongwol Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 930.3 m (3052 ft).
 The Loushui River (Chinese: 溇水; pinyin: Lóushuǐ) is the main tributary of the Lishui River in China. It starts in the southwestern part Hubei Province (Wufeng and Hefeng counties) and flows into Hunan Province. Right before leaving Hubei for Hunan the river is interrupted by the Jiangpinghe Dam.
 Mount McKinley [native name Denali (Koyukon Athabaskan for The High One Dghelaayce’e in Ahtna)] is the highest mountain peak in North America with a summit elevation of 20237 feet (6168 m) above sea level. At some 18000 feet (5500 m) the base to peak rise is considered the largest of any mountain situated entirely above sea level. Measured by topographic prominence it is the third most prominent peak after Mount Everest and Aconcagua.
 Dragoon Mountains are a range of mountains located in Cochise County Arizona. The range is about 25 mi (40 km) long running on an axis extending south-south east through Willcox.
 Monte Cocuzzo is a mountain in the Catena Costiera in the Calabrian Apennines in the province of Cosenza southern Italy. It has an elevation of 1541 m.The name derives from the Latin Cacutium in turn from the Greek κακός κύτος meaning bad stone or bad hole referring to its alleged volcanic origin (shown also by its conical shape). Geologically however Monte Cocuzzo is of dolomitic origin.
 The Valea Șturului River is a headwater of the Firiza River in Romania.
 The Napaaktoktok River is a waterway in the Kitikmeot region of Nunavut in Canada. It flows generally north to Coronation Gulf an arm of the Arctic Ocean. The Napaaktoktok runs parallal to the Coppermine River 14.4 km (8.9 mi) to the west and the Asiak River 15.2 km (9.4 mi) to the east. The community of Kugluktuk (formerly Coppermine) is located at the mouth of the Coppermine River approximately 15.7 km (9.8 mi) to the west.
 The Sandy Creek (Bahamas) is a river of the Bahamas. It is located northwest of Andros Town and southeast of Owens Town near Stafford and Staniard Creeks.
 The Keurbooms River (Afrikaans: Keurboomsrivier) is a river in the Western Cape Province in South Africa. The river has its sources south of Uniondale in the Langkloof and flows in a roughly southeastern direction. It passes De Vlugt and the Prince Alfred Pass flowing along the northern side of the R340 road then it turns south.
 Henry River a perennial stream of the Clarence River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 The Cubatão River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Cranberry Pond is a lake of Cape Breton Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Roth is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Poco Ranakah is a volcano located in the south-central part of the island of Flores Indonesia. It's tallest lava dome Poco Mandasawu is the tallest mountain of the island. A new lava dome named Anak Ranakah (the child of Ranakah) was formed there in 1987. The volcano erupted again in 1991. In 2011 diffuse white plumes were seen rising from Anak Ranakah Dome although no ash was detected.
 Newville Lake is a glacial lake in the center of Cumberland County Nova Scotia.
 The Capão Grande River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Pomoravlje (Serbian Cyrillic: Поморавље pronounced [pɔmɔ̝̌raːvʎe̞]) is a general term which in its widest sense marks valleys of any of three Morava rivers in Serbia: West Morava (Zapadno Pomoravlje) South Morava (Južno Pomoravlje) and Great Morava (Veliko Pomoravlje). In the narrow sense the term is applied only to the Greater Pomoravlje. Term follows a general way of coining river valley names in Serbian using prefix po- meaning literally (land) along Morava.
 Mount Cavendish is located in the Port Hills. It affords spectacular views of Christchurch New Zealand and Lyttelton. It is part of the crater wall of the extinct volcano that formed Lyttelton Harbour and the peak itself is one of the notable features that give the rugged skyline of the crater rim its dramatic quality. The Mount Cavendish Reserve displays some of the best examples of lava flow to be seen on the Port Hills.
 Mount Taragha (Terexe ته‌ره‌غه‌) is a mountain 20 km from the city of Bukan near a village of the same name in Iranian Kurdistan.
 El Valle is a stratovolcano in central Panama and is the easternmost volcano along the Central American Volcanic Arc which has been formed by the subduction of the Nazca Plate below Central America. Some time prior to 200000 years ago the volcano underwent a huge eruption event that caused the top of the volcano to collapse into the empty magma chamber below forming a large caldera.
 Lin Fa Shan (Chinese: 蓮花山) is the sixth highest hill in Hong Kong. With height of 766 m on the Lantau Island it is situated between Mui Wo and Sunset Peak.
 Azufral is a volcano located in the department of Nariño in southern Colombia 12 km (7 mi) west of the town of Túquerres. Its name derives from the Spanish word for sulfur azufre. The volcano is considered semi-dormant but there are numerous fumaroles in the summit crater. The summit of the volcano has an altitude of 4070 metres and the north-western side of the crater contains a crescent-shaped lake named Laguna Verde (English: Green Lake) at 3970 m (13025 ft).
 The Meduncook River is a 7-mile-long (11 km) river in Knox County Maine. From its source (44°01′04″N 69°17′03″W) in Friendship the river runs about 1 mile south to the head of its estuary then about 6 miles southwest to Muscongus Bay. The estuary forms part of the border between Friendship and Cushing.
 An Socach is a mountain situated some three miles (5 km) west of the A93 road from Perth to Braemar in Scotland. It is located at grid ref. 080800 on Ordnance Survey sheet 43. The summit altitude is 944 m (3097 ft). The name may derive from the Gaelic Soc meaning the snout or beak leading to the projecting place by analogy with the shape of a snout.
 Assunpink Creek is a 22.9-mile-long (36.9 km) tributary of the Delaware River in western New Jersey in the United States. The name Assunpink is from the Lenape Ahsën'pink meaning stony watery place.
 Homyeongsan is a mountain in Gapyeong County Gyeonggi-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 632 m (2073 ft).
 The Sperrins or Sperrin Mountains (from Irish Speirín meaning little pinnacle) are a range of mountains in Northern Ireland and one of the largest upland areas in Ireland. The range stretches the counties of Tyrone and Londonderry from south of Strabane eastwards to Slieve Gallion in Desertmartin and north towards Limavady. The region has a population of some 150000 and is a designated Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty.
 MacRaes Lakes is a lake of Inverness County in north-western Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Mutha River is a river in western Maharashtra India. It arises in the Western Ghats and flows eastward until it merges with the Mula River in the city of Pune. It has been dammed twice firstly at the Panshet Dam (on the Ambi River) used as a source of drinking water for Pune city and irrigation. The water released here is dammed again at Khadakwasla and is an important source of drinking water for Pune.
 The Râul Piciorul Crucii is a tributary of the Doamna River in Romania.
 Gales Creek is a tributary 23.5 miles (37.8 km) long of the Tualatin River in Washington County Oregon United States. The headwaters of Gales Creek are on the north side of the mountain Round Top in the Northern Oregon Coast Range. The community of Gales Creek Oregon is near the creek which further downstream forms the southwest border of the city of Forest Grove.
 The Queen Elizabeth Ranges is a group of mountain ranges in the Canadian Rockies on the southeastern side of Jasper National Park Canada. The northern end of the ranges begins east of Medicine Lake and extends in a southeasterly direction past the southern shore of Maligne Lake. The group was named in 1953 to celebrate the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II as Canada's sovereign that year.These ranges include the following mountains and peaks:
 The Chemung Canal is a former canal in New York USA. The canal connected Seneca Lake at Watkins Glen to the Chemung River at Elmira New York. Its larger significance was to connect New York's Erie Canal system with Pennsylvania's Susquehanna River watershed. The state government allocated $300000 for the construction which started in 1830 and was completed in 1833. Opening to full service was delayed because of damage from a rainstorm in May 1833.
 North Lake is a reservoir located in DallasTexas (USA) 2 miles (3 km) southeast of Coppell. North Lake Park is on its southern side.
 Investigator Strait is a body of water lying between the Yorke Peninsula on the Australian mainland and Kangaroo Island in South Australia. It was named by Matthew Flinders after his ship HMS Investigator on his voyage of 1801–1802.
 Waytani (Aymara and Quechua wayta flower -ni an Aymara suffix to indicate ownership the one with a flower hispanicized spelling Huaytane) is a mountain in the Wansu mountain range (Huanzo) in the Andes of Peru about 5430 metres (17815 ft) high. It is situated in the Apurímac Region Antabamba Province Oropesa District in the Arequipa Region La Unión Province Puyca District and in the Cusco Region Chumbivilcas Province Santo Tomás District south of the mountain Chankuwaña.
 Uhlenbach is a river of Saxony-Anhalt Germany.
 Nobili is a lunar crater that lies near the eastern limb of the Moon giving it a foreshortened appearance when viewed from the Earth. The crater overlies the western rim of the slightly larger crater Schubert X and the eastern rim of this satellite crater is overlain in turn by Jenkins resulting in a triple crater formation. To the south lies Gilbert.Nobili is a circular crater formation with a worn circular rim. The rim wall is smaller along the eastern side where it overlaps Schubert X.
 Mynydd y Grug is a hill lying just west of the village of Cwmfelinfach and about 4km to the northeast of Caerphilly in Caerphilly county borough in South Wales. Its summit was formerly at a height of around 358 m but since the top has been covered by a large spoil heap and landscaped its height has now increased to 375 m though some authorities take other values for the summit height.
 Loch Awe (Scottish Gaelic: Loch Obha) is a large body of water in Argyll and Bute Scotland. It has also given its name to a village on its banks variously known as Loch Awe or Lochawe. There are islands within the loch such as Innis Chonnell and Inishail.
 The Meshik River is a stream 31 miles (50 km) long on the Alaska Peninsula in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning on the flanks of Mount Aniakchak in Aniakchak National Monument and Preserve it flows generally west into Bristol Bay near the city of Port Heiden.The Meshik is one of several peninsula rivers with many game fish but little fishing pressure because of their remote location severe weather and other factors.
 Coleman Glacier is located on Mount Baker in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington. Between 1850 and 1950 Coleman Glacier retreated 8200 ft (2500 m). During a cooler and wetter period from 1950 to 1979 the glacier advanced 2480 ft (760 m) but between 1980 and 2006 retreated back 1443 ft (440 m). Situated on the west slopes of Mount Baker Coleman Glacier is bordered by the Roosevelt Glacier to the north and the Heliotrope Ridge to the south.
 The Das Garças River is a river of Rondônia state in western Brazil.
 The West Branch Pleasant River is a 36.1-mile-long (58.1 km) tributary of the Piscataquis River in Piscataquis County Maine.
 Lake Chamo (Amharic: Chamo Hayk) is a lake in the Southern Nations Nationalities and Peoples Region of southern Ethiopia. Located in the Main Ethiopian Rift it is at an elevation of 1110 meters. The lake is just to the south of Lake Abaya and the city of Arba Minch and east of the Guge Mountains.
 The Sandy Creek a perennial stream of the Richmond River catchment is located in Northern Rivers region in the state of New South Wales Australia.
 Bhurud River is a river in western India in Gujarat whose origin is Near Chavdka Adhochhni village. Its basin has a maximum length of 50 km. The total catchment area of the basin is 326 km2.
 Strömgren is a lunar impact crater that is located on the far side of the Moon from the Earth. It lies less than one crater diameter to the north-northeast of Von der Pahlen. Farther to the east is Gerasimovich and to the north-northeast is Belopol'skiy.This is a worn and eroded crater formation with several small craters along the rim edge. The outer rim is not quite circular with outward bulges to the southeast southwest and north-northeast.
 Gramada (Serbian Cyrillic: Грамада or Црквена планина) is a mountain in southeastern Serbia north of the Vlasina heights and Vlasina Lake. Its highest peak Vrtop has an elevation of 1721 meters above sea level.
 Kuara (Russian: Куара) is a river in Sverdlovsk Oblast Russia a right tributary of Vogulka River which in turn is a tributary of Sylva River. The length of the river is 27 km. Area of drainage basin is 186 km². Main tributaries: Bolshoy Miass River and Miass River (right).
 The Greathead River is a river of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 Mount Maclure is the nearest neighbor to Mount Lyell the highest point in Yosemite National Park. Mount Maclure is located at the southeast end of the Cathedral Range about 0.6 miles (0.97 km) northwest of Lyell. It is named for William Maclure was a pioneer in American geology who produced one of the earliest geological maps of the United States.
 Washington Pass (el. 5477 ft./1669 m.) and Rainy Pass (el. 4875 ft./1486 m.) are two mountain passes on State Route 20 (North Cascades Highway) in the North Cascades mountains of Washington State. Rainy Pass is about 4 miles to the west of Washington Pass. The passes are typically closed between November and April due to heavy snowfall.The north-south Pacific Crest Trail crosses east-west Highway 20 at Rainy Pass.
 The Sălămaș River is a tributary of the Valea Rece River in Romania.
 The Lankesa is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 54 kilometres and has a basin area of 245 km².It is a tributary of the Obelis.
 The Gleirschbach originates north of the Pfeishütte in the Samer Valley on 1.200m sea-level. The creek has a length of app. 12 km; 7.40 km are on the city area of Innsbruck. At the Möslalm the Gleirschbach picks up the 1.40 km long Angerbach which originates on the northern side of the Nordkette.At the exit of the Hinterau Valley the Gleirschbach merges with the Isar. The water possesses A grade quality and is popular with rafting - fans.
 Cardanus is a lunar impact crater that is located in the western part of the Moon in the western part of the Oceanus Procellarum. Due to its location the crater appears very oval because of foreshortening and it is viewed almost from the side.Cardanus is distinctive for the chain of craters designated Catena Krafft that connect its northern rim with the crater Krafft to the north.
 The Boian River is a tributary of the Inot River in Romania. The upper reach of the river is also known as Huta River
 The Popoaia River is a tributary of the Bașeu River in Romania.
 The Petite Aiguille is a mountain of the Pennine Alps situated near Bourg Saint Pierre in Switzerland. It is located on the ridge Les Maisons Blanches in the Grand Combin massif.
 The Zmutt Glacier (German: Zmuttgletscher) is a 6 km (3.7 mi) long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 16.89 km2 (6.52 sq mi).
 Gjesåssjøen is a lake in the municipality of Åsnes in Hedmark county Norway.
 The Waireia River is a river of the Auckland Region of New Zealand's North Island. Part of the Kaipara Harbour system it flows north to meet the Oruawharo River 10 kilometres west of Wellsford.
 Walla Crag is a fell in the English Lake District near Keswick. The fell is a popular short walk from Keswick and gives superb views over Derwentwater. The western face is prominent in views across the lake and fine views over Keswick are available from the summit.
 Thirty Island Lake is a lake of southern Ontario Canada located northwest of Frontenac Provincial Park in Frontenac County.
 The Nichitaș River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 Mount Prindle is a granitic mountain in the Yukon-Tanana Uplands and is located approximately 45 miles (72 km) north-northeast of Fairbanks Alaska. The plutons that form the core of the Mount Prindle massif are Late Cretaceous or early Tertiary age. These plutons intruded older (Precambrian to Paleozoic) metamorphic rocks. Mount Prindle exhibits classic glacial landforms unlike most of the surrounding Yukon-Tanana Uplands.
 The Valea Colților River is a tributary of the Colții lui Andrei Mari River in Romania.
 Redwood Creek is a 9.5-mile-long (15.3 km) perennial stream located in San Mateo County California USA which discharges into South San Francisco Bay. The Port of Redwood City the largest deepwater port in South San Francisco Bay is situated on the east bank of Redwood Creek near its mouth where the creek becomes a natural deepwater channel.
 Lac Brenet is a lake in the Vallée de Joux canton of Vaud Switzerland. It is located north of the Lac de Joux only 200 metres away. Its elevation of 1002 metres is 2 metres below that of Lac de Joux.The lake used to drain naturally underground and the water resurfaced at the source of the Orbe River. Today the lake is used as a reservoir of the hydroelectric plant at Vallorbe.It is not to be confused with Lac des Brenets.
 T'ula Qullu (Aymara and Quechua t'ula wood burning material Aymara qullu mountain wood mountain hispanicized spellings Thola Khollu Thola Kkollu) is a mountain in the Andes of Bolivia about 4842 metres (15886 ft) high. It is situated in the La Paz Department José Manuel Pando Province Qataqura Municipality T'ula Qullu Canton.
 Błotnica is a small river of north-western Poland. It is a tributary of Resko Przymorskie lake. It is 267 km in length.
 The Snowslide Range is a mountain range in northwestern British Columbia Canada located west of the Bell-Irving River between Treaty Creek in the south and Teigen Creek in the north. It has an area of 189 km2 and is a subrange of the Boundary Ranges which in turn form part of the Coast Mountains.
 Paohanli Peak or Paunhuri (simplified Chinese: 泡罕里峰; traditional Chinese: 泡罕里峰 ; Standard Tibetan: ???，is a 7128-metre (23386 ft) high peak at the border of Zarkang Yadong County Tibet (China) and Sikkim (India). From the north to the south near Paohanli Peak there are four peaks with an altitude of over 6500 m (21325 ft): Molayi Tovhenyolu Qijolabje and Kanchangbinshong.
 Monte Costa Calda is a mountain in the region of Campania Italy.
 The Llaima Volcano is one of the largest and most active volcanoes in Chile. It is situated 82 km northeast of Temuco and 663 km southeast of Santiago within the borders of Conguillío National Park.
 Sixteen Mile Creek is a stream in the municipality of Lake of Bays District Municipality of Muskoka in Central Ontario Canada. It is part of the Great Lakes Basin and flows from Hickory Lake to its mouth at the Boyne River. The Boyne River flows to the Lake of Bays then via the Muskoka River and the Moon River and Musquash River to Georgian Bay on Lake Huron.
 Continental Glacier is in Bridger-Teton and Shoshone National Forests in the U.S. state of Wyoming and straddles the Continental Divide in the northern Wind River Range. Continental Glacier is in both the Bridger and Fitzpatrick Wildernesses and is part of the largest grouping of glaciers in the American Rocky Mountains.
 The Marmontana is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located on the Swiss-Italian border.
 Alpine Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located high in the Sawtooth Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is approximately 11.4 miles (18.3 km) southwest of Stanley. A trail from the Redfish Creek trailhead and campground at the southwestern end of Redfish Lake lead about 5 miles (8.0 km) along Redfish Creek to an intersection with a trail that leads up to Alpine Lake.
 Götzenstein is an Odenwald mountain of Hesse Germany.
 Creta Forata is a mountain of the Veneto Italy. It has an elevation of 2462 metres.
 The Valea Sărată River is a tributary of the Otăsău River in Romania.
 Dickson Lake is a glacially fed lake located in the northern portion of Torres del Paine National Park in the Magallanes Region of southern Chile. The lake is fed by the glacier that shares its name and is drained by the Paine River. It receives the waters of Los Perros River which starts at a proglacial lake that was formed during the retreat of Los Perros Glacier.
 Lake Potrero de los Funes (Embalse Potrero de los Funes) is a reservoir 18 km (11 mi) northeast of San Luis Argentina.
 Przełęcz Karkonoska (literally the Karkonosze Pass) is a mountain pass in the central Karkonosze Mountains on the Polish-Czech border. At 1198 m (3930 ft) it is the lowest point of the main ridge of the Karkonosze and despite lying on the Polish-Czech border Przełęcz Karkonoska the Polish name has no Czech equivalent. In the Czech Republic the area is usually referred to by the Špindlerova bouda (Špindler's Hut) a mountain hut located there.
 The Fetița River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Staicu River is a tributary of the Jiul de Est River in Romania.
 Lake Gross is an oval-shaped lake. The Polk County Water Atlas says it is sometimes known as Lake Grassy or Lake Grass but no other sources have used these names. Lake Gross is a natural freshwater lake with an 86.57-acre (350300 m2) surface area. It is about 2000 feet (610 m) southeast of Lake Eloise and about 1200 feet (370 m) southwest of Lake Winterset. This lake is on the south fringe of Winter Haven Florida.
 Sherburne Pass or Shelburne Pass is a mountain pass in the Green Mountains of Vermont between 3957-foot (1206 m) Pico Peak to the south and 2782-foot (848 m) Deer Leap Mountain to the north. The height of land of the pass is located in the town of Killington while its western ascent begins in the town of Mendon.On the east side the pass drains into Kent Brook thence into the Ottauquechee River the Connecticut River and into Long Island Sound in Connecticut.
 Heathcote Lake is a lake in Thunder Bay District Ontario Canada. The lake lies in Wabakimi Provincial Park and is part of the Flindt River system in the Albany River drainage basin. The Flindt River is one of the lake's main inflows (50.228056°N 90.466944°W﻿ / 50.228056; -90.466944﻿ (Flindt River inflow)). Other inflows include Manion Creek ( 50.218889°N 90.448056°W﻿ / 50.218889; -90.448056﻿ (Manion Creek inflow)).
 Brown's Creek is a 9.7-mile-long (15.6 km) stream which originates about 5.5 miles northwest of the city of Stillwater and flows south for about half its length then east to its confluence with the St. Croix River just north of Stillwater in Washington County Minnesota United States. It is one of few creeks in the Minneapolis – Saint Paul Twin Cities metropolitan area that supports a fishable trout population.
 Løkjelsvatnet (called Lykilsvatnet in M711) is a regulated lake in the municipality of Etne in Hordaland county Norway. Water from the lake falls 400 vertical metres in tunnels and pipelines to Hardeland hydroelectric power station.
 Rötelbach (Donau) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Maskelyne is a solitary lunar crater that lies in the southeast part of the Mare Tranquillitatis. The outer rim has a somewhat polygonal shape although it is generally circular. The inner walls are terraced and there is a low central rise at the midpoint of the floor.The landing site of the Apollo 11 expedition is located about 250 kilometers to the west-southwest.
 Bogensee is a lake in Berlin Germany. It is bordered by Wandlitz Prenden and Klosterfelde in the state of Brandenburg about 15 km north of Berlin. The lake was artificially built here by the estate of Joseph Goebbels. The oval shaped lake covers an area of approximately 9300 m² and is 180m in width (west to east) and 300m in length (south to north). The lake is a relic of the last ice age.
 The Neaua River is a tributary of the Ghegheş River in Romania.
 Hovebach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Oybach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Chornohora (literally: Black Mountain Ukrainian: Чорногора Polish: Czarnohora Hungarian: Feketebérc) is the highest mountain range in Western Ukraine in the Eastern Beskids and the Ukrainian Carpathians group which in turn is part of the Outer Eastern Carpathians. It is adjacent to the Gorgany range. The highest peak of Chornohora is Hoverla (2062 m) with other high peaks including Pop Ivan (2022 m) and Petros (2020 m).
 The Robaia River is a tributary of the Vâlsan River in Romania.
 The Burke River is an ephemeral river in Central West Queensland Australia. The river was named in memory of Robert O'Hara Burke of the Burke and Wills expedition.The Burke River rises in the Standish Range north of Boulia. It flows south through Boulia towards the Simpson Desert in the Lake Eyre Basin. The river flows into Eyre Creek a tributary of the Georgina River.
 Bulbarrow Hill is a 274 metre (899 feet) hill near Woolland five miles west of Blandford Forum and ten miles (16 km) north of Dorchester in Dorset England. The chalk hill is part of the scarp of Dorset Downs which form the western end of the Southern England Chalk Formation. Part of the hill is used for arable agriculture but most is calcareous grassland.
 Lago di Cei in German Cei See or Zeil See is a lakein the comune of Villa Lagarina not far from Rovereto in Trentino northern Italy. The whole basin in which the lake lies was once occupied by a single larger lake. After the latter drained two smaller lakes remained: the largest having a surface of c. 4.5 hectares receives the water of the other (called Lagabis) which has a semicircular shape a from which the Rio Arione outflows.
 Hermite is a lunar impact crater located along the northern lunar limb close to the north pole of the Moon. It was first discovered in 1964. To the west is the crater Rozhdestvenskiy and to the south are Lovelace and Sylvester. Grignard is located directly adjacent to the Southwest. From the Earth this crater is viewed nearly from the side and it is illuminated by oblique sunlight.This is a worn eroded crater with a rugged outer rim that is notched and incised from past impacts.
 The Pârâul Posăzii River is a tributary of the Băiașu River in Romania
 The Pipestem River is a short river—usually called Pipestem Creek by the locals—in east-central North Dakota.It flows briefly from Wells County into a reservoir formed by Pipestem Dam north-northwest of Jamestown North Dakota and thence into the James River the confluence being on the southwest side of the city.
 Wawa Lake is a lake located in northeastern Ontario Canada in the Algoma District near the town of Wawa.
 The Elk River is a very short but significant river in the Lake Michigan drainage basin of the U.S. state of Michigan. It is only 1.5 miles (2.4 km) in length and flows from Elk Lake into Grand Traverse Bay of Lake Michigan. It forms a waterway and harbor for the municipality of Elk Rapids.Elk Lake is 192 feet (59 m) deep and is a former arm of Lake Michigan.
 The Izvorul cu Ulii River is a tributary of the Bâsculița River in Romania.
 Mount Yufu (由布岳 Yufudake) is a 1583.3 m (5195 ft) volcano located on the border of Yufu and Beppu Ōita Japan.
 Compton Glacier is a glacier 3 nautical miles (6 km) long flowing northeast from the lower slopes of the Big Ben massif to the northeast side of Heard Island in the southern Indian Ocean. Its terminus is located at Compton Lagoon between Gilchrist Beach and Fairchild Beach. To the northwest of Compton Glacier is Ealey Glacier whose terminus is located close southeast of Cape Bidlingmaier. To the southeast of Compton Glacier is Brown Glacier whose terminus is located at Brown Lagoon.
 La Maroma also known as Tejeda at an altitude of 2066 m is the highest peak of the Sierra de Tejeda Penibaetic System Spain. The summit located in the region of Axarquía in the border of the provinces of Granada and Málaga. The name La Maroma (The Rope) originated in a rope used to descend to an ancient ice house located close to the summit. This mountain is in the Sierra de Tejeda Almijara and Alhama Natural Park.
 Wilsing is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies due north of the crater Plummer and farther to the north of the huge walled plain Apollo. Wilsing is located just inside the rim of the immense South Pole-Aitken basin.This is a heavily worn formation with the smaller satellite crater Wilsing Z lying prominently across the northern half of the interior floor.
 Hasensee is a lake in the canton of Thurgau Switzerland. It is located in the same valley as Nussbaumersee and Hüttwilersee. Its surface area is 0.11 km² and the surface elevation is 434.16 m after being lowered by 1.5 m in World War II.Hasensee is or was also known as Buchemer See or oberer See (upper lake).
 The Green River is a 21.1-mile-long (34.0 km) tributary of the Buffalo River in Tennessee. By the Buffalo River and the Duck River it is a tributary of the Tennessee River. The Green River is one of the main streams of Wayne County. Situated in the southwestern corner of Middle Tennessee along the Alabama line Wayne County is one of the state's largest counties in area but is very sparsely populated.
 Lake Pusiano (Italian: Lago di Pusiano) also known as Eupilio is a lake in Brianza Italy.
 Humber Bay is a bay of Lake Ontario south of Toronto Ontario Canada. It is located between Ontario Place on the east and Mimico Creek to the west. The bay gives its name to Etobicoke's Humber Bay neighbourhood.
 The Pascu River is a tributary of the Harţag River in Romania.
 The Thunderer el. 10495 feet (3199 m) is a mountain peak in the northeast section of Yellowstone National Park in the Absaroka Range. The Thunderer named by members of the Arnold Hague Geological Survey of 1885 for it propensity to attract thunderstorms is a long high ridge just north of Mount Norris. Prior to 1885 the peak was considered just a high ridge extending north from Mount Norris.
 The Valea Pietrelor River is a tributary of the Oanţa River in Romania.
 Oaky River a perennial stream of the Macleay River catchment is located in the Northern Tablelands district of New South Wales Australia.
 The Palmital River is a river of Santa Catarina state in south-eastern Brazil.
 Årsjön is a lake of Södermanland Sweden. It is located in Tyresta National Park.
 Mount Martin is a stratovolcano located on the Alaska Peninsula United States. It is one of the volcanoes in the vicinity of the Valley of Ten Thousand Smokes. Although an eruption in 1953 is now considered questionable and no other confirmed eruptive activity has taken place at Mount Martin there is intense fumarolic activity within its summit crater. The summit crater is also breached to the southeast.
 The Douce River is a river of Grenada.
 Gullesfjorden is a fjord that cuts into the island of Hinnøya in Troms county Norway. It is located within the municipality of Kvæfjord. A small part in the northwestern part of the fjord lies in Sortland municipality (in Nordland county).The 35-kilometre (22 mi) long fjord is one of three which branch off of the main Andfjorden on the north side of Hinnøya. The other two branches are the Godfjorden and Kvæfjorden.
 Betsom's Hill is a hill on the North Downs and the highest point in the county of Kent at 251 metres (823 ft). Situated between Westerham and Tatsfield at the western edge of the county it lies close to where the A233 crosses the Downs en route to Biggin Hill. This is the highest part of the North Downs with Botley Hill the county top of Surrey nearby to the west. The hill lies at the western end of the Kent Downs an area of outstanding natural beauty.
 El Dorado Lake is a reservoir on the Walnut River 0.5 miles (0.80 km) north-east of El Dorado int the Flint Hills region of Kansas. The lake is part of El Dorado State Park.
 Fjærvatnet is a lake that lies in the municipality of Bodø in Nordland county Norway. The 2.48-square-kilometre (0.96 sq mi) lake is located about 3 kilometres (1.9 mi) south of the village of Kjerringøy near the village of Fjære.
 Santelhöchi Pass is a mountain pass in the canton of Solothurn in Switzerland.It connects Egerkingen and Bärenwil. The pass is the shortest route from the Autobahn intersection at Egerkingen to Langenbruck Waldenburg Liestal and Basel.The Jurahöhenweg trail crosses the pass road between Hauenstein und Roggen (in the municipality of Balsthal).
 The South Fork Kings River is an important tributary of the Kings River in the U.S. state of California. It joins the Middle Fork Kings River to form the main stem of the Kings.
 Tugaske is a Martian impact crater approximately 31 kilometres in diameter. It is located at 32.1°S 101.2°W south of the crater Dinorwic and southeast of the crater Virrat. It is named after a town in Saskatchewan Canada and its name was approved by the International Astronomical Union in 1991. According to a surface age map of Mars based on US Geological Survey data the area around Tugaske is from the Noachian epoch which places the area's age at 3.8 to 3.5 billion years ago.
 The Zârna Mare River is a tributary of the Zăbala River in Romania.
 Rogers Dry Lake is an endorheic desert salt pan in the Mojave Desert of Kern County California. The lake derives its name from the Anglicization from the Spanish name Rodriguez Dry Lake. It is the central part of Edwards Air Force Base as its hard surface provides a natural extension to the paved runways.
 The Herța River is a tributary of the Prut River in Romania.
 Mount Binaiya (Indonesian: Gunung Binaia) is the highest point on the Indonesian island of Seram (or Ceram). At an elevation of 3027 metres (9931 ft) it is one of the one hundred most topographically prominent peaks on Earth.
 The Valea Fratelui River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Fermi is a large lunar crater of the category named a walled plain. It lies on the far side of the Moon and can not be viewed from the Earth. Thus this feature must be viewed from an orbiting spacecraft.The most notable aspect of Fermi is that the large and prominent crater Tsiolkovskiy intrudes into its southeastern rim. Unlike Tsiolkovskiy however the interior of Fermi is not covered by dark basaltic lava and so it is barely distinguishable from the surrounding rugged and battered terrain.
 The Das Salinas River is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Dos Patos River (Mato Grosso) is a river of Mato Grosso state in western Brazil.
 Dupuyer Creek is a tributary of Birch Creek in northwestern Montana in the United States.It rises in the Lewis and Clark National Forest at the continental divide in northwestern Teton County and flows northwest down from the mountains past Dupuyer and joins Birch Creek in Pondera County 2 mi (3.2 km) west of Valier.
 The southernmost and largest Waipapa River is a river of the Waikato Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows generally northeast from its origins to the south of the Pureora Forest Park passing through the southeast corner of the park to reach Lake Waipapa on the Waikato River 10 kilometres northwest of Mangakino. The point where the Waipapa and Mangakino meet is part of the Waikato's extensive hydroelectric scheme.
 The Jaracatiá River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Buduroi River is a tributary of the Valea Viei River located in Romania.
 Fischboedle is a lake in Haut-Rhin France. At an elevation of 794 m its surface area is 0.0005 km².
 The Hintere Ölgrubenspitze is a mountain in the Kaunergrat group of the Ötztal Alps.
 Henderson is a crater on the far side of the Moon. It is located to the east of the huge walled plain Mendeleev. This is a worn crater with a shallow rim. No significant craters overlie the rim or interior but a smaller worn crater is attached to the southern outer rim. A ridge of material runs from the northwest rim to the midpoint of the floor. Henderson lies within the eroded remains of a larger and older crater-like feature.
 The Chasseral is a mountain of the Jura Mountains overlooking Lake Biel in the Swiss canton of Bern. With an elevation of 1607 metres above sea level the Chasseral is the highest summit in the canton of Bern outside the Alps. It is also both the northernmost and easternmost mountain reaching over 1500 metres in the Jura Mountains. West of the summit is located the Chasseral Ouest (1552 m) where runs the border with the canton of Neuchâtel. The Chasseral Pass is located further on the west.
 The Wynants Kill is a 15.8-mile-long (25.4 km) stream which has its source at Glass Lake near Averill Park New York and terminates at the Hudson River at Troy New York.
 Howlock Mountain is a heavily eroded shield volcano in the Cascade Range of central Oregon located along the Cascade Crest just north of Mount Thielsen. Ice Age glaciers eroded away most of the flanks of the volcano leaving numerous deep cirques surrounding a central ridge capped by several horns. The summit of Howlock Mountain lies along the border between Douglas County and Klamath County.
 Pulsnitz is a river in Saxony and Brandenburg. It is a tributary of the Schwarze Elster Germany.
 The Iuhod River is a tributary of the Târnava Mică River in Romania.
 Mount Heha is the highest mountain in Burundi and the highest point in the Burundi Highlands mountain range. It is located in the Bujumbura Rural province of Burundi and it lies approximately 20 km to the east of Lake Tanganyika and about 30 km to the southeast of Bujumbura the capital of Burundi.
 Garrison Creek was a short stream about 7.7 kilometres (4.8 mi) long that flowed southeast into the west side of Toronto Harbour in Ontario Canada.It has been largely covered over and filled in but geographical traces of the creek can still be found. The natural amphitheatre known as Christie Pits is one such remnant; the off-leash dog bowl of Trinity Bellwoods Park is another. The name Garrison Creek was used because Fort York was built near the creek mouth.
 The Gin River (Sinhala: ගිං ගඟ) is a 115.9 km (72 mi) long river situated in Galle District of Sri Lanka. Its water source arrives from the Gongala Mountains in Deniyaya. The Gin River flows past the villages of Baddegama Nagoda Thelikada and Hegoda. The Wakwella Bridge which is the longest bridge in Sri Lanka is built over this river. The river is also dammed at the Thelikada village.
 The Pleșa River is a tributary of the Horezu River in Romania.
 Tuckerman Ravine is a glacial cirque sloping eastward on the southeast face of Mt. Washington in the White Mountains of New Hampshire. Although it draws hikers throughout the year and skiers throughout the winter it is best known for the many spring skiers who ascend it on foot and ski down the steep slope from early April into July.
 Wüstegarten is a mountain of the Landkreis Waldeck-Frankenberg and Schwalm-Eder-Kreis (districts) in the north of Hesse Germany. lt is in the Kellerwald mountain range with an elevation of 675.3 metres (2216 ft).The mountain is within the Kellerwald-Edersee National Park Hesse's only national park. Activities include hiking nordic walking mountain biking and cross-country skiing.
 The Ahr Hills (German: Ahrgebirge or Ahreifel) are a range of low mountains and hills up to 623 m high and 25 kilometres (16 mi) long in the Eifel region of Germany which lie roughly southwest of Bonn on the border between the German states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Rhineland-Palatinate. The forested Ahr Hills have numerous tourist destinations (e. g. Aremberg Castle and the Effelsberg Radio Telescope) and the section of a Roman road with its ancient Eifel Aqueduct.
 The Kama (Russian: река́ Ка́ма IPA: [ˈkamə]; Tatar Cyrillic: Чулман Latin: Çulman; Udmurt: Кам) is a major river in Russia the longest left tributary of the Volga and the largest one in discharge; in fact it is larger than the Volga before junction.It starts in the Udmurt Republic near Kuliga flowing northwest on 125 miles turn northeast near Loyno for another 125 miles then turns south and west in Perm Krai flowing again through the Udmurt Republic and then through the Republic of Tatarstan where it meets the Volga.Its length is 1805 km (1122 mi).Before the advent of the railroads the Kama was connected by important portages with the basins of the Northern Dvina and the Pechora. 
 The Hotar River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania.
 Lake Keowee is a man–made reservoir in the United States in the state of South Carolina shaped somewhat like a Christmas tree. It is notable for having been created to serve the needs of a power utility (Duke Energy) as well as public recreational purposes. It is approximately 26 miles (42 km) long 3 miles (4.8 km) wide with an average depth of 54 feet (16 m) and a shoreline measured at 300 miles (480 km) in total and is approximately 800 feet (240 m) above sea level.
 Jossa (Fulda) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Blagdon Lake ST515597 lies in the Chew Valley at the northern edge of the Mendip Hills approximately 10 mi (16 km) south of Bristol England. The lake was created by Bristol Water (Bristol Waterworks Company as it was known then) when it dammed the River Yeo starting construction in 1891 and completing this in 1899.
 Anyone who has driven from Springerville to Alpine has seen Nelson Reservoir. A long and narrow lake it follows the Nutrioso Creek Valley for nearly a mile. Fish that remain in Nelson Reservoir after summer stockings can grow to good size making it a popular fishing site with local anglers.
 Erms is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Afferbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Milton Pond is a 270-acre (1.1 km2) water body located along the border between Strafford County New Hampshire and York County Maine in the northeastern United States. The lake lies in the towns of Milton New Hampshire and Lebanon Maine. It connects with Northeast Pond to the northeast and with Town House Pond to the north. A dam at the outlet of Milton Pond controls the water level for all three lakes.
 Sanghwangbong is a mountain of Jeollanam-do southwestern South Korea. It has an elevation of 644 metres.
 Cimon della Pala sometimes called Cimone and The Matterhorn of the Dolomites (il Cervino delle Dolomiti) is the best-known peak of the Pale di San Martino group in the Dolomites northern Italy. Although it is not the highest peak of the group the Cima Vezzana being a few metres higher its slender point which can be seen from the Rolle Pass dominates the landscape.
 The Schattberg is a 2097 m AA high mountain in the Kitzbühel Alps in the Austrian state of Salzburg.
 The Bunget River is a tributary of the Dorofei River in Romania.
 The Rituria River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Couzon is a river in the Loire department of France a tributary of the Gier which in turn is a tributary of the Rhone. A dam on the river built to serve as a reservoir for the Givors canal now provides drinking water to the town of Rive-de-Gier.
 Langmuir is an impact crater on the Moon's far side. It is located in a region to the southwest of the Mare Orientale impact basin. Langmuir is bracketed between two larger craters with Chebyshev to the west-northwest and Brouwer to the east. It partly overlaps the rims of these two craters making it the youngest of the three.
 The Plapcea River is a tributary of the Vedea River in Romania. It starts at the junction of headwaters: Plapcea Mare and Plapcea Mică
 The Firtuș River is a tributary of the Cușmed River in Romania.
 Bear Mountain is a prominent peak of the southern Taconic Mountains. It lies within the town of Salisbury Connecticut in the United States and is the highest mountain summit in the state of Connecticut. The highest point in the state however is located on the south slope of Mount Frissell 1.3 miles (2.1 km) to the west at 2379 feet (725 m). Much of the mountain is protected as part of the viewshed and corridor of the Appalachian National Scenic Trail which passes over the summit.
 The Bull Run River is a 21.9-mile (35.2 km) tributary of the Sandy River in the U.S. state of Oregon. Beginning at the lower end of Bull Run Lake in the Cascade Range it flows generally west through the Bull Run Watershed Management Unit (BRWMU) a restricted area meant to protect the river and its tributaries from contamination.
 Cold Pike is a fell in the English Lake District. It is a satellite of Crinkle Crags and stands above the Upper Duddon Valley.
 The Pârâul Țigăniei is a tributary of the Cornet River in Romania.
 South Twin Mountain is a mountain located in Grafton County New Hampshire. The mountain is part of the Twin Range of the White Mountains. South Twin forms the high point of a north-south ridge with North Twin Mountain lying approximately one mile to the north and Mount Guyot two miles (3 km) to the southeast. Galehead Mountain a lower spur of South Twin is to the west.
 The Vaca Mare River is a tributary of the Siriu River in Romania.
 Mount Unabetsu (海別岳 Unabetsu-dake) is a quaternary stratovolcano. Its summit is 1419.3 metres (4656 ft). It is located on Hokkaido's Shiretoko Peninsula on the border of Shari in Shari District Abashiri and Shibetsu in Shibetsu District Nemuro.
 The Șindrești River is a tributary of the Chechișel River in Romania.
 The Pointe de Tourtemagne (also known as Turtmannspitze) is a mountain of the Swiss Pennine Alps located east of St. Luc in the canton of Valais. It lies between the valleys of Anniviers and Turtmann.
 The Glinščica is a stream in Slovenia.
 Lovoni River is a river of Ovalau Fiji.
 Grand Lake Saint Marys State Park is an Ohio state park west of St. Marys and south-east of Celina 23 miles (37 km) south-west of Lima in the north-western part of the U.S. state of Ohio.Grand Lake covers 13500 acres (5500 ha) in Mercer and Auglaize counties.
 Paradise Lake is an alpine lake in Camas County Idaho United States located in the Smoky Mountains in the Sawtooth National Forest. While no trails lead directly to the lake it is most easily accessed via trail 070. The lake is located just south of Paradise Peak.
 The Wallkill River a tributary of the Hudson drains Lake Mohawk in Sparta New Jersey flowing from there generally northeasterly 88.3 miles (142.1 km) to Rondout Creek in New York near Rosendale with the combined flows reaching the Hudson at Kingston.The river is unusual because it flows north between two major south-flowing rivers the Hudson and the Delaware River.
 The Waipunga River is a tributary of the Mohaka River located between Taupo and Napier in New Zealand's North Island. It runs roughly 50 km from its source near the eastern edge of the Volcanic Plateau to its junction with the Mohaka of which some 15 km follow alongside the Napier-Taupo highway (State Highway 5). It is perhaps most notable for the scenic Waipunga Falls visible from a rest stop along the highway.
 Usnarka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Świsłocz.
 The Şicoi River is a tributary of the Hârboca River in Romania.
 Kingman Pass el. 7119 feet (2170 m) is a mountain pass between Terrance Mountain and Bunsen Peak on the Grand Loop Road (U.S. Route 89) just south of Mammoth Hot Springs in Yellowstone National Park. The pass is named for Lieutenant Dan Christie Kingman of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. Kingman rebuilt this difficult portion of the Grand Loop Road in the area known as The Golden Gate in 1883.
 The Orata River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 Mount Marcy is the highest point in New York State with an elevation of 5343 feet (1629 m). Located in the Town of Keene in Essex County. Essex County the mountain is in the heart of the Adirondack High Peaks Region of the High Peaks Wilderness Area. Its stature and expansive views make it a popular destination for hikers who crowd its summit in the summer months.Lake Tear of the Clouds at the col between Mount Marcy and Skylight is the highest source of the Hudson River.
 The Valea Ploscarilor River is a tributary of the Valea Izvorului river in Romania.
 Rocky Gorge Reservoir is located on the Patuxent River in Howard County Montgomery County and Prince George’s County Maryland near the town of Burtonsville. The reservoir was created in 1952 by the construction of the T. Howard Duckett Dam on the Patuxent. The dam is visible from Interstate 95 near mile marker 34. Because of its close association with a dam by the name the reservoir is sometimes called the T. Howard Duckett Reservoir. It has a surface area of 773 acres (3.13 km2).
 The Lonfit River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 The River Dane flows through Cheshire in the northwest England.The river rises close to the source of the River Goyt just to the south west of Buxton on Axe Edge Moor. Flowing southwest it forms the border between Cheshire Derbyshire and Staffordshire for around 10 miles (16 km) before flowing west through Congleton and past Holmes Chapel.The point on the river where the three counties meet at Panniers' Pool Bridge is called the Three Shire Heads (often wrongly Three Shires Head).
 Garraunbaun is a mountain in Laois Ireland. Castleconor's summit is at an altitude of 406 metres (1335 ft) making it the fifth highest point in Laois the tenth highest point in the Slieve Bloom Mountains and the 802nd highest summit in Ireland.
 Flakavatnet is a lake in the municipalities of Ulvik in Hordaland county and Hol in Buskerud county Norway.
 The Macabuzinho River is a river of Rio de Janeiro state in southeastern Brazil.
 Lacul Roșu (Romanian: Lacul Roşu Hungarian: Gyilkos-tó) is a barrier lake in the Eastern Carpathians chain in Harghita County Romania. The name of Lacul Roșu comes from the reddish alluvia deposited in the lake by the Red Creek. The lake falls within the jurisdiction of the municipality of Gheorgheni.
 Bear Creek is an 11.9-mile-long (19.2 km) tributary of the Upper Iowa River joining Waterloo Creek for a short distance before entering the Upper Iowa in Waterloo Township just east of where Iowa Highway 76 crosses the river. Its branches are acclaimed trout fishing streams. The main or South fork rises in Hesper and Highland Townships in Winneshiek County and gives its name to South Bear Complex maintained by the state of Iowa and flows in a rough west to east direction.
 The river Valserine is a tributary of the Rhone that flows for 48 kilometres (30 mi) from the Col de la Faucille in the Jura Mountains to its confluence with the Rhone at Bellegarde-sur-Valserine.
 The Râul Fagului is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 Merrill Lake is a lake in the Moira River and Lake Ontario drainage basins that straddles the border between the Cashel portion of Tudor and Cashel Hastings County and Addington Highlands Lennox and Addington County in Ontario Canada.The lake is about 4.3 kilometres (2.7 mi) long and 1.3 kilometres (0.8 mi) wide and lies at an elevation of 338 metres (1109 ft) about 12 kilometres (7 mi) northeast of the community of Gunter and 19 kilometres (12 mi) northwest of the community of Cloyne.
 Guadalupe Hill is a hill located in Downtown Bogotá Colombia. Next to the mountain of Monserrate.
 Fortress Pass is a mountain pass that crosses the Canadian Rockies south of Jasper. At 1335 metres (4380 ft) Fortress Pass is (along with Monkman Pass) one of the lowest passes to cross the Canadian Rockies that is not traversed by a road. Not only is Fortress Pass low it is also relatively gentle.
 The Tehomir River is a tributary of the Cojmănești River in Romania.
 The Ramparts are a mountain range in the Canadian Rockies. Part of the Park Ranges they straddle the Continental Divide and lie partly within Jasper National Park in Alberta and Mount Robson Provincial Park in British Columbia.There are 10 named summits in the group. They were named by the Alpine Club of Canada and carry military engineering themed names such as Bastion Parapet and Dungeon. They form a western boundary for the Tonquin Valley.
 The Signalkuppe (pronounced seen-yall-koo-pay) (also known as Punta Gnifetti in Italian) (4554 m) is a peak in the Pennine Alps on the border between Italy and Switzerland. It is a subpeak of Monte Rosa. The mountain is named after 'the Signal' a prominent gendarme atop the east ridge.The first ascent was made by Giovanni Gnifetti a parish priest from Alagna Valsesia together with J. Farinetti C. Ferraris C. Grober J. and G. Giordiano and their porters on 9 August 1842.
 Incahuasi (Quechua Inkawasi or Inka Wasi inka Inca wasi house Inca house) is a volcanic mountain in the Andes of South America. It lies on the border of the Argentine province of Catamarca and the Atacama Region of Chile. Incahuasi has a summit elevation of 6621 metres (21722 ft) above sea level.The volcano consists of a 3.5-kilometre-wide (2.2 mi) caldera and two stratovolcanoes.
 Dipyramid is a pair of mountain peaks in borough of Juneau Alaska United States. It is a part of the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains in western North America. The summit is 34 miles (55 km) north-northeast of the city of Juneau and 1 mile southeast of The Citadel.
 The Portage River is an 8.8-mile-long (14.2 km) tributary of the Moose Horn River in eastern Minnesota United States. It flows west to the Moose Horn River joining it at Moosehead Lake next to the city of Moose Lake. By the Moose Horn River its waters flow to the Kettle River St. Croix River and ultimately the Mississippi River. Just to the east of the Portage River Nemadji Creek flows east to the Nemadji River a tributary of Lake Superior and part of the Saint Lawrence River basin.
 Russlirundhøe is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Bozani River or Cotiglet River is a tributary of the Cârpeștii Mici River in Romania.
 The Descalabrado River is a river of Puerto Rico.
 The Alvier River is a mountain stream in Vorarlberg and flows through the Brandnertal where it merges with the Ill. The river passes through the municipality of „Brand in Vorarlberg“.The waters have created numerous flat areas in the riverbed. Brook trout and rainbow trout splash about in water there. The clear but torrential river has drinking water quality.The pride of the village is the 14 hectare large „Alvier-Bath“ which can be used free of charge.
 The Monowai River is a river in New Zealand draining Lake Monowai into the Waiau River and feeding the Monowai Power Station.
 Goode Mountain is one of the major peaks of the North Cascades in Washington state. Named for topographer Richard U. Goode of the USGS it is the highest peak located in North Cascades National Park between the Skagit River and Lake Chelan. It is the fourth highest non-volcanic peak in Washington and the twelfth highest summit overall.Goode Mountain is a massive mountain rising over 6000 feet (1800 m) from its footings.
 Gimbach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Lac de Migouélou is a lake in Hautes-Pyrénées France. At an elevation of 2278 m its surface area is 0.48 km².
 Waña Quta (Aymara waña dry quta lake dry lake hispanicized spelling Huana Kkota) is a lake in Bolivia in the La Paz Department Inquisivi Province Ichoca Municipality Ichoca Canton. It lies south east of the Kimsa Cruz mountain range the village and the mountain Waña Quta. The lake is about 0.5 km long and 0.4 km at its widest point and situated at a height of about 4761 metres (15620 ft).
 The Pojorta River is a headwater of the Breaza River in Romania.
 Hédervári is a lunar crater that is located in the southern part of the Moon only a few crater diameters from the south lunar pole. It is attached to the northern rim of the larger crater Amundsen and lies south of Hale. Due to its location this crater is viewed nearly from the edge from Earth which hinders the amount of detail that can be observed.
 Itter (Eder) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Urlățelu River is a tributary of the Tărlung River in Romania.
 The Campolongo Pass (Italian: Passo Campolongo Ladin: Ju de Ćiaulunch) (1875 m) is a high mountain pass in the Dolomites in Trentino in Italy.It connects Corvara in the Val Badia and Arabba.The pass can be crossed in winter on skis.
 The Lupşa River is a tributary of the Arieş River in Romania.
 Sgorr na Dìollaid is a mountain in the Northwest Highlands of Scotland. It is situated between Glen Strathfarrar and Glen Cannich 7 km north-west of the village of Cannich.
 Vadaksta is a river of Anykščiai district municipality Utena County northeastern Lithuania. It flows for 9 kilometres and has a basin area of 21.3 km².It is a tributary of the Šventoji River.
 The Obârșia River is a tributary of the Geoagiu River in Romania.
 Malmsjøen is a lake in the municipality of Skaun in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. It is located about 1.5 kilometres (0.93 mi) southeast of the village of Skaun about 7 kilometres (4.3 mi) north of Korsvegen (in Melhus) and about 10 kilometres (6.2 mi) southwest of the village of Melhus.
 The Leader River is a river in the Hurunui District of the Canterbury region in New Zealand's South Island. It is a tributary of the Waiau River which it meets near Parnassus. Numerous smaller watercourses join the Leader River including the Hookhamsnyvy Creek.In the 1910s the New Zealand Railways Department intended to build a railway up the Leader River's valley as part of the Main North Line linking Christchurch with the Marlborough region.
 The Mândra River is a tributary of the Vinul Mare River in Romania.
 This article is for the White River that flows into Lake Wenatchee. See White River (Washington) for the tributary of the Puyallup River.The White River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the northern and larger of the two rivers that flow into the west end of Lake Wenatchee. The smaller southern one is the Little Wenatchee River. The White River is part of the Columbia River basin being a tributary of the Wenatchee River which empties into the Columbia River.
 The Bear River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. Its upper reach is known as Bear Branch.
 The Río Cahabón (Cahabón River) is 196 km long river in eastern Guatemala. From its sources in the Sierra de las Minas range in Baja Verapaz it turns north and then east into Alta Verapaz running through Santa Cruz Verapaz Tactic Cobán San Pedro Carchá Lanquín Santa María Cahabón and Panzós where it joins the Polochic River.Its whitewater reaches with Class III and IV rapids — intermediate to challenging — are favoured spots for touristic Raftingriver rafting.
 Subic Bay is a bay on the west coast of the island of Luzon in Zambales Philippines about 100 kilometres (62 mi) northwest of Manila Bay. It is an extension of the South China Sea and its shores were formerly the site of a major United States Navy facility named U.S.
 The Lespezi River is a tributary of the Capra River in Romania.
 The Feldrișel River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Ogașu Porcului is a tributary of the Nera River in Romania.
 Høgdebrotet is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Atoyac River (Oaxaca) is a river in Mexico. The Atoyac flows into the Rio Verde which empties into the Pacific near Laguna Chacahua 90 km west of Puerto Escondido.
 Carmenabologue (Irish: Céim na mBulóg meaning step/pass of the bullocks) is a mountain in Wicklow Mountains in County Wicklow Ireland. With a height of 758 metres (2487 ft) it is the 7th highest mountain in the Wicklow Mountains and the 71st highest summit in Ireland.
 The Leghia River is a tributary of the Nadăş River in Romania.
 Should not be confused with Pocumtuck Mountain of Charlemont MassachusettsThe Pocumtuck Range also referred to as the Pocumtuck Ridge is the northernmost subrange of the Metacomet Ridge mountain range of southern New England. Located in Franklin County Massachusetts between the Connecticut River and the Deerfield River valleys the Pocumtuck Range is a popular hiking destination known for its continuous high cliffs scenic vistas and microclimate ecosystems.
 Upper Stillwater Reservoir is a large high mountain reservoir on the south slope of the High Uintas in Duchesne County Utah. The reservoir is part of the Central Utah Project. The reservoir was created in 1987 by the construction of a concrete gravity dam (Upper Stillwater Dam). The architecture of the rolled concrete dam is an attraction for engineers. The reservoir elevation is 8176 ft and the mean depth is 103.5 ft. Available fish species include rainbow brown and brook trout.
 Three Rivers is a stream in the U.S. state of Oregon located in Yamhill County.
 Igelsbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Grizzly Peak (also called Grizzly Peak D) is a mountain peak in Colorado a thirteener and the 302nd highest peak in the state. It is located west of Denver along the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains and the Continental Divide. It straddles Summit and Clear Clear Counties. Its proximate parent peak is Torreys Peak.
 The Pârâul Roșu is a tributary of the Dorna River in Romania.
 Mount Kembar (Indonesian: Gunung Kembar means: Twin Mountain) is a Pleistocene volcano located in the northern Sumatra island Indonesia. It contains a fumarole field named Gayolesten. The volcanic complex is located in the junction of two geological fault systems and it is a shield volcano.
 Crest Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 16 km (10 mi) northeast of Gold River and 5 km (3 mi) west of Big Den Mountain.
 The Comănescu River is a tributary of the Râuşor in Romania.
 Li Po is a crater on Mercury. It has a diameter of 120 kilometers. Its name was adopted by the International Astronomical Union in 1976. Li Po is named for the Chinese poet Li Bai who lived from 701 to 762.
 The Valea Corbului River is a tributary of the Bărbat River in Romania.
 Whiltilla Mountain is a mountain on Vancouver Island British Columbia Canada located 16 km (10 mi) east of Nimpkish.
 Goksjø is a lake in the municipalities of Sandefjord Larvik and Andebu in Vestfold county Norway.
 Mount Troy is a mountain in the City and Borough of Juneau Alaska United States. It is a peak of the Boundary Ranges located on Douglas Island west of the head of Kowee Creek and 3 miles (4.8 km) southwest of the city of Juneau.In 1950 the United States Forest Service named the mountain after John Weir Troy the territorial governor of Alaska from 1933 to 1939.
 Monte Valletto is a mountain of Lombardy Italy. It is located within the Bergamo Alps.
 The Rauher Jakob (literally Rough James) is a hilltop between Tanne and Elend in the Harz mountains of central Germany. It is 568 metres above sea level. In the vicinity are the sources of the Spielbach and Allerbach two tributary streams of the Warme Bode. The Ramsenhöhe is a sub-peak of the Rauher Jakob with a height of 565 metres AMSL.
 The River Frome /ˈfruːm/ historically the River Froom is a river in South Gloucestershire and Bristol England. It is approximately 20 miles (32 km) long rises in Dodington Park South Gloucestershire and flows in a south westerly direction through Bristol joining the former course of the river Avon in Bristol's Floating Harbour.
 Wailevu River (Gau) is a river of Gau Fiji.
 The Steja River is a tributary of the Putnişoara River in Romania.
 Mount Oku or Kilum Mountain is the largest volcano in the Oku Massif in the Cameroon Volcanic Line located in the Oku region of the Western High Plateau of Cameroon.It is the second highest mountain in mainland Central Africa.The stratovolcano rises to 3011 metres (9879 ft) above sea level and is cut by a large caldera.
 The Cerros de Escazú is a mountain range in San José Province central Costa Rica.
 Dichbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Bongboksan is a mountain in the counties of Hoengseong and Hongcheon Gangwon-do in South Korea. It has an elevation of 832 m (2730 ft).
 The Măcăria River is a tributary of the Gilort River in Romania.
 Hoar Oak Water is a moorland tributary of the East Lyn River in Exmoor Somerset England.It rises at Hoaroak Hill in the Chains geological site in and flows to Watersmeet House in Devon.
 The Cârpeștii Mici River is a tributary of the Topa River in Romania.
 The Hughes Range is a high massive north-south trending mountain range in Antarctica surmounted by six prominent summits of which Mount Kaplan (4230 m) is the highest.
 This article is about a natural harbour for the rural community see Musquodoboit Harbour Nova Scotia.Musquodoboit Harbour is a natural harbour in Canada on the Eastern Shore of Nova Scotia.Located east of Petpeswick Inlet and west of Jeddore Harbour Musquodoboit Harbour is a 10 km long estuary measuring about 2 km wide at its southern end (the mouth) and narrowing to less than 100 m wide at the northern end where the Musquodoboit River discharges into the harbour.The mouth of the harbour is framed by Whale Point and Collins Head on the western side while Jeddore Cape delineates the eastern side. 
 Mogo Creek a perennial stream of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Blue Mountains region of New South Wales Australia.
 The New Savannah River is a river of Jamaica.
 Norddalsfjorden is a branch off of the main Storfjorden in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The fjord is located in Norddal Municipality and a small part is also in Stranda Municipality. The fjord is 16 kilometres (9.9 mi) long when you include the Tafjorden arm that stretches further east it is 24 kilometres (15 mi) in total. In the Middle Ages the combined Norddalsfjorden and Tafjorden were probably called «Todarfjorden» (Tafjorden).
 The Valea Morilor River is a tributary of the Valea Neagră River in Romania.
 Sgùrr a' Bhealaich Dheirg is a Scottish mountain situated in Kintail on the northern side of Glen Shiel 30 kilometres south east of Kyle of Lochalsh.
 The Valea Muntelui River is a tributary of the Iza River in Romania.
 Ağdabançay is one of the tributaries of the Tartarchay located in Karabakh region of Republic of Azerbaijan.
 The Owendoher River (Irish: An Dothra Bheag) is a small river in southern County Dublin Ireland a tributary of the River Dodder.
 The Pârâul Cățelei is a tributary of the Izvorul Nistorului River in Romania.
 Tsander is a large lunar impact crater on the far side of the Moon. Attached to the southeastern outer rim is the younger crater Kibal'chich. To the northwest lies Dirichlet and to the northeast lies Artem'ev.This is a heavily worn crater formation with an outer rim that has been rendered into an uneven somewhat circular range due to impact erosion. There is a significant outward bulge along the rim edge to the south-southwest. A smaller crater lies across the rim to the west-northwest.
 The Namoi River a major perennial river that is part of the Barwon catchment of the Murray-Darling basin is located in the Northern Tablelands and North West Slopes districts of New South Wales Australia.The Namoi River rises on the western slopes of the Moonbi Range and Great Dividing Range near Niangala at the convergence of the Macdonald River and Boundary Creek and flows generally west joined by twenty-seven tributaries including the Peel Manilla and Mooki rivers before reaching its confluence with the Barwon River near Walgett.The Namoi River descends 578 metres (1896 ft) over its 708 kilometres (440 mi) course; passing near the towns of Gunnedah Boggabri Narrabri Wee Waa and Walgett. 
 Malá Fatra (also Little Fatra or Lesser Fatra) is a mountain range in the Western Carpathians in the north-west of Central Slovakia. In the geomorphological system it is a part of the Fatra-Tatra Area.It is situated approximately between the cities of Nitrianske Pravno Strečno Martin and Zázrivá. Turčianska kotlina (Turiec Basin) and the Oravská vrchovina Mts. are situated to the west of the range and Žilinská kotlina (Žilina Basin) and the Kysucká vrchovina Mts.
 The Fântânița River is a tributary of the Valea Cerbului River in Romania.
 Yeonhwasan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 528 metres.
 The Șopot River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania. It crosses the western part of the city of Slatina and joins the drainage canal along the dyke of Lake Slatina. This canal joins the Olt River downstream of the Slatina Dam. The river is completely covered on a reach of 0.8 kilometers within the city of Slatina
 Kapka Tash Lake (Kyrgyz: Капка Таш) is a rock-dammed lake in Toktogul District of Jalal-Abad Province of Kyrgyzstan. It is located at the altitude of 2303 m in riverbed of Kara-Suu left tributary of Naryn River.
 The Grovabreen glacier is located in Sogn og Fjordane county Norway. It covers an area of about 20 square kilometres (7.7 sq mi) in the municipalities of Førde and Jølster in the Sunnfjord region. The highest point on the glacier sits at an elevation of 1636 metres (5367 ft) above sea level. The glacier is part of Jostedalsbreen National Park just south of the lake Jølstravatnet.
 Chatkal Range is a range in the Western Tien-Shan that borders Ferghana Valley from northwest. The length of the range is 225 km and is up to 30 km wide. Maximum altitude is 4503 m. Northern slopes are steep and short while southern ones are gentle. The range is composed by primarily of limestone granite and schist.
 Söderköpingsån is a river in Sweden.
 Mount Dhëmbel is a mountain in southern Albania in the geographical region of Southern Mountain Range. It is part of the mountain chain Trebeshinë-Dhëmbel-Nemërçkë which goes parallel to the Shëndelli-Lunxhëri-Bureto chain.
 Campbell Hill is at 1550 feet (472 m) the highest point in elevation in the U.S. state of Ohio. Campbell Hill is located within the city of Bellefontaine two miles (3.2 km) northeast of downtown.The peak is the former home of the Bellefontaine Air Force Station where the 664th Aircraft Control and Warning Squadron maintained a Cold War early warning radar.
 Cabeus is a lunar crater that is located about 100 km (62 mi) from the south pole of the Moon. At this location the crater is seen obliquely from Earth and it is almost perpetually in deep shadow due to lack of sunlight. Hence not much detail can be seen of this crater even from orbit. Through a telescope this crater appears near the southern limb of the Moon to the west of the crater Malapert and to the south-southwest of Newton.
 Mount Tyndall is a mountain and high ground in the West Coast Range Western Tasmania. The mountain was named after Irish scientist and mountaineer John Tyndall.The surrounding high ground is often known as The Tyndalls or The Tyndall Range.
 The Mazzaspitz (3164 m) is a mountain of the Oberhalbstein Alps overlooking Juf in the canton of Graubünden. It lies south of Piz Platta on the range between the valley of Avers and the Val Bercla.
 The Ciobănuș River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Almaden Reservoir is an artificial lake in the hills south of San Jose California U.S.A.. It borders on Almaden Quicksilver County Park.The lake is formed by Almaden Dam built in 1936 across Los Alamitos Creek. Its waters reach the San Francisco Bay by way of the Guadalupe River.
 The Valea de sub Portița River is a tributary of the Valea Albă river in Romania.
 Sabkhat al-Jabbūl or Mamlahat al-Jabbūl or Lake Jabbūl (Arabic: سبخة الجبول‎) is a large traditionally seasonal saline lake and concurrent salt flats 30 km southeast of Aleppo Syria in the Bāb District of Aleppo Governorate. It is the largest natural lake in Syria and the second largest lake after the artificial Lake Assad. In 2009 the lake covered about 100 km2 (39 sq mi) and was relatively stable. The salt flats are extensive and can be seen from space.
 Marcio Lake is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.
 The Kolar is a right bank tributary of the Narmada River. It flows for a total length of 101 km all of which is in the state of Madhya Pradesh.
 Diana's Peak is the highest point at 818 metres (2684 ft) on the island of Saint Helena a British overseas territory in the South Atlantic Ocean. It is of volcanic origin. Mountain and its surroundings with a total area of 81 ha were proclaimed a national park in March 1996 the first on the island. It is covered in tree fern thicket.The peak is located at the tripoint where the districts Sandy Bay (southwest) Levelwood (east) and Longwood (north) meet.
 The Susan River is a northeastern California river of approximately 67 miles (108 km) length that drains from an arid plateau of volcanic highlands along the Great Basin Divide to intermittent Honey Lake. The river flows from eastern Lassen County from east of Lassen Volcanic National Park generally east past Susanville and emerging into a ranching valley to enter the north end of Honey Lake. Along with Fredonyer Pass the Susan River is the northern boundary of the Sierra Nevada.
 The Cardross Lakes are an irrigation drainage basin system located approximately 15 km south-west of Mildura Victoria Australia. The lakes are notable for being the only known occurrence within Victoria of the Southern Purple Spotted Gudgeon (Mogurnda adspersa) discovered in 1995 believed to be extinct in Victoria since the 1930s.
 Oberfrauenwald is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Black Nubble is a mountain located in Franklin County Maine. Black Nubble is flanked to the southeast by Mount Redington. Redington stands just north of the U.S. Navy Survival Escape and Evasion Training Facility (USSEAETF).Black Nubble stands within the watershed of the Kennebec River which drains into the Gulf of Maine. The east side of Black Nubble drains into Nash Stream then into the South Branch of the Dead River Flagstaff Lake the Dead River and the Kennebec.
 The Pohuenui River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southeast reaching the Waipu River close to the latter's mouth immediately north of the town of Waipu.
 The Delnița River is a tributary of the Sulța River in Romania.
 The Larga River is a tributary of the Trotuş River in Romania.
 Wierzbiak is a river of Poland a tributary of the Kaczawa.
 The Nina Moose River is a river of the U.S. state of Minnesota.
 Mount Amagi (天城山 Amagi-san) is a range of volcanic mountains in central Izu Peninsula in Shizuoka Prefecture Japan forming the border between Izu City and Higashi-Izu Town.
 Silver Lake is an alpine lake in Blaine County Idaho United States located in the Boulder Mountains in Sawtooth National Recreation Area. While no trails lead to the lake it is most easily accessed from the end of forest road 174. The lake is located southwest of Silver Peak and southeast of Peak 11240.
 Gamaksan is a South Korean mountain that extends across the city of Wonju Gangwon-do and Jecheon Chungcheongbuk-do. It has an elevation of 886 m (2907 ft).
 Steinknückl is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 The Stârminos River or Olanu Mare River is a headwater of the Olanu River.
 The Brünig Pass at an altitude of 1008 m (3307 ft) connects the Bernese Oberland and central Switzerland linking Meiringen in the canton of Bern and Lungern in the canton of Obwalden.
 The Angu River is a river in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It is a left bank tributary of the Rio Paraiba do Sul. It is 58 km (36 mi) in length and drains an area of 346 km2 (134 sq mi).The source of the river is located in the municipality of Senador Cortesand it passes through the municipalities of Santo Antônio do Aventureiro and Além Paraíba to its mouth on the Paraiba do Sul near the city of Volta Grande.
 The Valea Bunii River is a tributary of the Cheia River in Romania.
 The Santa Susana Mountains are a transverse range of mountains in Southern California north of the city of Los Angeles in the United States. The range runs east-west separating the San Fernando Valley and Simi Valley on its south from Santa Clara River Valley to the north and Santa Clarita Valley to the northeast. The Oxnard Plain is to the west of Santa Susana Mountains.
 The Moașa River or Moașa Sebeșului River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Heiyangsan is a mountain in North Gyeongsang Province South Korea. It has an elevation of 998 metres.
 Mount Redoubt is a mountain in the North Cascades range in Whatcom County Washington state. The peak is located 3.0 miles (5 km) to the U.S.-Canada border 16.3 miles (26 km) east-northeast of Mount Shuksan. It is the 21st highest peak in the state with a height of 8956 feet (2730 m) and a prominence of 1649 feet (503 m).
 Foo Lake is a 4 acre lake in the Chequamegon National Forest in Sawyer County Wisconsin. According to the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources it contains no sport fish. It is a lake formed by seepage from the surrounding swamp and the bottom is muck.
 The Pipp Brook is a tributary of the River Mole. It rises at Mag's Well on the northern slopes of Leith Hill and runs to the north of Dorking town centre before joining the Mole at Pixham.During the nineteenth century the sulphate-rich waters of the Mag's Well spring were believed to have healing properties.
 The Union River is a river of Saint Vincent and the Grenadines.
 Kamloops Lake in British Columbia Canada is situated on the Thompson River just west of Kamloops. The lake is 1.6 km wide 29 km long and up to 152 m deep. The community of Savona is located at the west end of the lake on the Thompson River. The city of Kamloops is located a few miles east of the head of the lake at the confluence of the North and South Thompson Rivers.
 The Punaú River is a river of Rio Grande do Norte state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Petit Muveran is a mountain in the Bernese Alps overlooking Ovronnaz in Valais. The summit is located on the border between Vaud and Valais. As its name suggests it is situated near the higher Grand Muveran.
 The São Francisco River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Baskatong Reservoir (French: Réservoir Baskatong) is a man-made lake in western Quebec Canada. It was formed following the construction of the Mercier Dam in 1927 and has an area of 413 km2. Since 2007 a 55 MW generating station is in operation at the site of the dam the reservoir also being used to control the flow of the Gatineau River for several hydroelectric generating stations downstream.Its primary source is the Gatineau River.
 Corcovado meaning hunchback in Portuguese is a mountain in central Rio de Janeiro Brazil. The 710-metre (2329 ft) granite peak is located in the Tijuca Forest a national park. It is sometimes confused with nearby Sugarloaf Mountain.Corcovado hill lies just west of the city center but is wholly within the city limits and visible from great distances. It is known worldwide for the 38-metre (125 ft) statue of Jesus atop its peak entitled Cristo Redentor or Christ the Redeemer.
 The Ecker is a roughly 26 kilometre long right-hand southeast tributary of the Oker which runs mainly through the Harz mountains in the German states of Saxony-Anhalt and Lower Saxony.
 Le Linleu is a mountain in the Chablais Alps on the Swiss-French border. Towards the Swiss side it displays a towering wall of several hundred meters but it is easily accessible from the French side via a marked hiking path. It offers a beautiful circular panorama featuring the Diablerets Dents du Midi and Cornettes de Bise.
 The Râmești River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Preto River (Paranaíba River) is a river of Goiás state in central Brazil.
 The Balseira River is a river of Maranhão state in northeastern Brazil.
 Klein (Ohm) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Ghicin River is a tributary of the Ciclova River in Romania.
 Tir Planitia is a large basin on Mercury.
 Lake Tinaroo also known as Tinaroo Dam is a man-made reservoir on the Atherton Tableland in Far North Queensland Australia. It was constructed between 1953 and 1958 on the Barron River close to Lake Barrine and Lake Eacham (Yidyam).
 Nea Kameni is a small uninhabited Greek island of volcanic origin located in the Aegean Sea within the flooded Santorini caldera. Nea Kameni and the neighbouring small island Palea or Palia Kameni (the new and old burnt islands) have formed over the past two millennia by repeated eruptions of dacite lava and ash.
 For the Cagayan River in Luzon see Cagayan River.Cagayan River often called as Cagayan de Oro River is one of the rivers draining the northern central part of the island of Mindanao in the Philippines. The river has its headwaters in the Kalatungan Mountain Range found in the central part of the province of Bukidnon. It traverses the Municipalities of Talakag Baungon and Libona picking up tributaries along the way.
 Stony River Reservoir was constructed on the Stony River in 1888 by Westvaco to supply the source of water for the company's main pulp mill. William Luke's summer residence was located on the lake. The center portion of the dam has since been demolished and the reservoir drained. The majority of the dam still stands on either side of the now free flowing river.
 The Râul Viilor is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 Mill Creek is a 26-mile (42 km) tributary of the Willamette River that drains a 111-square-mile (290 km2) area of Marion County in the U.S. state of Oregon. Flowing generally west from its source south of Silver Falls State Park it passes through the cities of Aumsville Stayton Sublimity and Turner before emptying into the Willamette in Salem.Salem's first gristmill and sawmill were built on the creek in 1840–41 by members of the Oregon Mission.
 The Maiella (or Majella) is a massif in the Central Apennines in Abruzzo central Italy at the boundary between the provinces of Chieti Pescara and L'Aquila. The highest peak is Monte Amaro at 2793 m the second highest of the entire Apennine range. The massif is at the center of the Maiella National Park.
 Mount Venamo (Spanish: Cerro Venamo) also known as Waukauyengtipu (the mountain of the place of the butterfly) is a mountain in South America that forms part of the international boundary between Guyana and Venezuela. The mountain is 1890 metres high and is the westernmost point in Guyana. The mountain is named after the Venamo River which flows nearby.
 Yamsay Mountain is a large shield volcano in the Cascade Range of south-central Oregon located about 35 miles (56 km) east of Crater Lake on the border between Klamath County and Lake County. It is part of the Cascade Volcanic Arc but is located in a mountain range 30 to 50 miles (50 to 80 km) behind the main Cascade volcanic front.
 The Babarunca River is a tributary of the Ramura Mică River in Romania.
 Sawmill Brook is a tributary of Lawrence Brook in northwestern East Brunswick New Jersey in the United States.
 Montes Spitzbergen (latin for Spitsbergen Mountains) is a solitary mountain chain in the eastern Mare Imbrium of the Moon. They are located about a crater diameter to the north of the prominent flooded crater Archimedes.The selenographic coordinates of this range are 35.0° N 5.0° W and they lie within a diameter of 60 km. The range trends from south to north and they have a maximum width of about 25 km. This range consists of a number of peaks separated by lava-flooded valleys.
 The Braldu River (Urdu: برالڑو ندی‎) flows in the Skardu District of Gilgit Baltistan in Pakistan. The Braldu River joins the Basha Basna River and together they form the Shigar River which is a tributary of the Indus River.
 Mathews Tuya is a subglacial mound in northcentral British Columbia. It is one of the six tuyas close to Tuya Lake. It has been partly glaciated so it is probably older than 10000 years. The other volcanoes in the area include Tuya Butte South Tuya and Ash Mountain. The volcanoes in the region form part of the Northern Cordilleran Volcanic Province.
 The Doré River is a tributary of the Fraser River in the Canadian province of British Columbia.According to a trapper named Jack Damon the river was originally called Fifty Mile Creek and was given the name doré French for golden by a Norwegian prospector named Olson.
 Yanakusma (Quechua yana black kusma nightdress shirt of a woman black nightdress or black shirt hispanicized spelling Yanacusma) is a mountain in the Andes of Peru about 4540 metres (14895 ft) high. It is situated in the Ayacucho Region Huanca Sancos Province Sancos District.
 Lake Omodeo (Italian: Lago Omodeo) is an artificial lake in central west Sardinia Italy.The lake was constructed in the 1920s. The dam designed by the engineer Angelo Omodeo was inaugurated in 1924 at that time it was the largest reservoir in Europe. The lake length is 20 km.A new dam was built in 1997 dedicated to the Sardinian medieval judge Eleonor of Arborea it is 582 m long and 120 m wide.
 The Austefjorden is a fjord arm off of the Voldsfjorden in Volda Municipality in Møre og Romsdal county Norway. The 11-kilometre (6.8 mi) long fjord lies in the Sunnmørsalpene mountains about 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) north of the mountain Eidskyrkja in the northeastern part of the municipality. The Austefjorden and the Kilsfjorden join together to form the Voldsfjorden. The village of Fyrde is located at the innermost part of the fjord.
 Grone is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Pleşa River is a tributary of the Sebeş river in Romania.
 Uchan-su (Ukrainian: Учан-Су Russian: Уча́н-Су Crimean Tatar: Uçan Suv) is a river that flows in the South Coast of Crimea. The name translates from the Crimean Tatar language for 'swift water' .The river runs into the Black Sea in the center city of Yalta.
 The Fergana Valley (also known as Farghana Valley Uzbek: Farg‘ona vodiysi Kyrgyz: Фергана өрөөнү [ferʁana œrœːny] Tajik: водии Фaрғонa Russian: Ферганская долина Persian: وادی فرغانه‎) is a region in Central Asia spread across eastern Uzbekistan Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan. Divided into three subdivisions of the former Soviet Union the valley is ethnically diverse and in the early 21st century it was the scene of ethnic conflict.
 The Tinée is a river that flows through the Alpes-Maritimes department of southeastern France. Its source is on the east side of the Col de la Bonette in the Maritime Alps. It flows through Saint-Étienne-de-Tinée Isola and Saint-Sauveur-sur-Tinée and it flows into the Var near Utelle.
 The Cadotte River is a tributary of the Peace River in Northern Alberta Canada.The river gives the name to the Cadotte Member a stratigraphical unit oif the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin.
 The Băița River is a tributary of the Râul Galben in Romania.
 Forkston Mountain is a mountain located in Wyoming County Pennsylvania. This mountain is located in the region of Pennsylvania known as the Endless Mountains. Forkston Mountain is a part of Allegheny Plateau and rises over the Susquehanna River. Forkston Mountain has a firetower located at the summit.
 The Ponorat River is a tributary of the Topolnița River in Romania. Its source is located in Ponorat Cave
 Kraken Mare is the largest known body of liquid on the surface of Saturn's moon Titan. It was discovered in 2007 by the Cassini probe and was named in 2008 after the Kraken a legendary sea monster.At 400000 km² Kraken Mare is believed to be the largest of numerous seas and lakes in Titan's north polar region. Its status as a sea of hydrocarbons was identified by radar imagery. Kraken Mare is believed to be larger than the Caspian Sea on Earth.An island in the sea is named Mayda Insula.
 West Spanish Peak is a high mountain peak in the U.S. state of Colorado. It is the higher of the two Spanish Peaks two large igneous stocks which form an eastern outlier of the Culebra Range a subrange of the Sangre de Cristo Mountains. Though not a fourteener it is the twelfth most topographically prominent peak in the state.West Spanish Peak is the easternmost 4000 meter (13626 ft) mountain peak in the United States.
 Theophilus is a prominent lunar impact crater that lies between Sinus Asperitatis in the north and Mare Nectaris to the southeast. It partially intrudes into the comparably sized crater Cyrillus to the southwest. To the east is the smaller crater Mädler and further to the south-southeast is Beaumont. It was named after the 4th-century Coptic Pope Theophilus of Alexandria.The rim of Theophilus has a wide terraced inner surface that shows indications of landslips.
 Calamus Creek is a minor tributary of the Beaver Dam River about 23.7 miles (38.1 km) long in southeastern Wisconsin in the United States. Via the Beaver Dam Crawfish and Rock rivers it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River. Its watershed lies almost entirely within Dodge County with a small portion in neighboring Columbia County.
 Murphy Lake is a lake in Sawyer County Wisconsin. Murphy Lake lies at an elevation of 1175 feet (358 m).
 The Cali River is a river of western Colombia. It flows through the city of Cali and drains into the Cauca River. Its headwaters are in the Farallones de Cali of the Cordillera Occidental.
 The Doring River (Afrikaans: Doringrivier) is a river in the Western Cape Province South Africa. It is part of the Olifants/Doring River system.The name 'Doring' is also applied to a stretch of the Sout River another Olifants tributary midway through its course.
 The Serpentine Lakes is a chain of salt lakes in the Great Victoria Desert of Australia. It runs for almost 100 km (62 mi) along the border between South Australia and Western Australia. When full the lakes cover an area of 9700 hectares (97 km2). Most of it is located in the Mamungari Conservation Park. The Anne Beadell Highway crosses the northernmost arm of the lake.The Serpentine Lakes are considered an important wetlands area.
 The River Hipper is a tributary of the River Rother in Derbyshire England. Its source is a large expanse of wetlands fed by the surrounding moors between Chatsworth and Chesterfield known as the Hipper Sick on Beeley Moor which is part of the Chatsworth Estate. It then passes through Holymoorside and down into Chesterfield just south of the town centre before flowing into the River Rother.
 Lake Paradise is a reservoir on the Little Wabash River in Coles County Illinois United States. The reservoir covers an area of 174 acres (0.70 km2). The community of Paradise is located near the lake's southern shore. The Little Wabash River was dammed to create the lake in 1929.
 The Montana Mountains are a mountain range in Humboldt County Nevada.
 Wapiti Pass is a mountain pass in the Northern Rocky Mountains of British Columbia Canada. It located immediately east of Wapiti Lake Provincial Park at the headwaters of the Wapiti River northeast of Prince George and west of Monkman Provincial Park. No roads or railways cross the pass. While it and Monkman Pass were surveyed prior to the building of the Grand Trunk Pacific Railway the GTP decided to use the Yellowhead Pass to the southeast instead.
 The Vorkuta (Russian: Воркута) is a river in Komi Republic Russia. It is a right tributary of the Usa.
 Pawala Valley Ridge is the highest point of the Pitcairn Islands a British overseas territory in the Pacific Ocean with an altitude of 347 metres (1138 ft).
 Fairchild Glacier is located in the U.S. state of Washington on Mount Fairchild in the Olympic Mountains of Olympic National Park. Beginning at an elevation of about 6600 feet (2000 m) along the Baily Ridge the glacier descends northeast and is .30 mi (0.48 km) northeast of Carrie Glacier. Like all the glaciers in Olympic National Park Fairchild Glacier has been in a general retreat for over 100 years. The glacier is named for William R.
 Patagonia Lake is located southwest of Patagonia Arizona and northeast of Nogales. The lake was created by damming Sonoita Creek. Facilities are maintained by Arizona State Parks.
 Goose Lake (Cumberland) is a lake of Cumberland County in Nova Scotia Canada.
 Kunturqucha (Quechua hatun big tipiy to husk maize to snap to break qucha lake hispanicized spelling Condorccocha) is a lake in Peru located in the Ayacucho Region Paucar del Sara Sara Province Oyolo District. It lies southwest of the lakes Tipiqucha Huch'uy Tipiqucha Hatun Tipiqucha and Chawpi Tipiqucha and east of the lake Yanaqucha (black lake).
 Mount Cook (or Boundary Peak 182) is a high peak on the Yukon Territory-Alaska border in the Saint Elias Mountains of North America. It is approximately 15 miles southwest of Mount Vancouver and 35 miles east-southeast of Mount Saint Elias. It forms one of the corners of the jagged border which is defined to run in straight lines between the major peaks. The same border also separates Kluane National Park in the Yukon Territory from Wrangell-St.
 The Pitmegea River is a 42-mile (68 km) stream in the western North Slope Borough of the U.S. state of Alaska. From its source in the De Long Mountains the river flows generally northwest to the Chukchi Sea at Cape Sabine about 30 miles (48 km) east of Cape Lisburne A prospector who explored the river in 1888 reported its Inuit name as Pitmegeak.
 The Salton Sea is a shallow saline endorheic rift lake located directly on the San Andreas Fault predominantly in California's Imperial and Coachella Valleys.The lake occupies the lowest elevations of the Salton Sink in the Colorado Desert of Imperial and Riverside counties in Southern California. Like Death Valley it is below sea level. Currently its surface is 226 ft (69 m) below sea level. The deepest point of the sea is 50 ft (15 m) higher than the lowest point of Death Valley.
 Lake Cataouatche is a lake located southwest of New Orleans Louisiana in St. Charles and Jefferson Parishes. Lake Cataouatche is connected to Lake Salvador to the south by Bayou Couba and Bayou Bardeaux.In 2011 during Bassmaster Classic XLI Kevin VanDam fished the lake on the final day of the tournament. He caught bass totaling almost 29-pounds enabling him to win the tournament with a three-day total weight of 69 pounds 11 ounces.
 Lake Rescue is located in Windsor county of south central Vermont in the northeastern United States. It is the tenth deepest (at 95 feet) and 23rd largest lake (at 184 acres) in Vermont. Lake Rescue is located along VT Route 100 about three miles north of Ludlow and Okemo Mountain and it is surrounded by the town of Ludlow.
 The Ikopa River is the second longest waterway in Madagascar and passes through the capital Antananarivo. It is the largest tributary of the Betsiboka River. It is formed by the Varahina-North and Varahina-South Rivers.Its spring is called Varahina in the sub-prefecture of Andramasina in an altitude of 1810 meters.
 National grid reference NS30468387The reservoir is of the non-impounding variety. It is no longer part of the local water supply system and is used by Helensburgh Angling Club. The earthen dam is 6 metres high and records show it was constructed before 1868.
 Mount Engadine is a mountain in Alberta Canada. It was named in 1917 after HMS Engadine a seaplane tender of the Royal Navy present at the Battle of Jutland during World War I. The mountain is located in the Kananaskis Range in Alberta.
 The Dumont Hills are a low mountain range in the Mojave Desert in northeastern San Bernardino County southern California.The hills are just east of the southern section of the Amargosa River before it heads west into Death Valley. They are also east of southern Death Valley National Park.
 The Bahlui is the largest river of Iaşi County in eastern Romania. Its name is derived from Cuman and it means muddy river. The Bahlui river has a length of 119 km and an average volume flowing of about 2.8 m³/s. The surface of the basin has about 2007 km².Its spring is located at an altitude of 500 metres in the Tudora Comune Botoşani County in the eastern part of Suceava Plateau.
 The Bauges Mountains (Massif des Bauges) is a mountain range in eastern France stretching from the city of Annecy to the city of Chambéry which is part of the French Prealps.
 Chungara redirects here. For the journal see Chungara (journal).Chungará is a lake situated in the extreme north of Chile in the Altiplano of Arica y Parinacota Region in the Lauca National Park. It is the 29th highest lake in the world (and the 10th highest in South America). It is near the volcanos Parinacota (20827 ft or 6348 m) and Pomerape (20413 ft or 6222 m).
 Rohrbach (Tauber) is a river of Baden-Württemberg Germany.
 Åby River (Swedish: Åbyälven) is a river in Sweden.
 The Dourado River (Rio Grande do Sul) is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Lukh River (Russian: Лух) is a river in Ivanovo Nizhny Novgorod and Vladimir Oblasts in Russia a left tributary of the Klyazma River (Volga's basin). The length of the river is 240 km. The area of its drainage basin is 4450 km². The Lukh freezes up in late November and breaks up in April.
 The Râpa Zăpezii River is a tributary of the Valea Morarului River in Romania.
 Warme is a river of Hesse Germany. Warme (also called warm stream) is approximately 33.1 km [2] long.
 Mount Emily is a mountain in the Blue Mountains of eastern Oregon in the United States. It is located in western Union County. Mount Emily is visible from much of the Grande Ronde Valley. Its southern edge is a landmark in and symbol of the city of La Grande.
 Ukleja is a river of Poland. It is a tributary of Rega river.
 Hanging Lake straddles the international border between the United States and Canada. Most of the lake is located in North Cascades National Park Washington but the northern section of the lake as well as the drainage are in Chilliwack Lake Provincial Park British Columbia. Hanging Lake is less than 1 mi (1.6 km) ENE of Middle Peak.
 The Gynėvė is a river of Kėdainiai district municipality Kaunas County central Lithuania. It flows for 36 kilometres and has a basin area of 125 km².
 The Maulap River is a river in the United States territory of Guam.
 Rõuge Valgjärv is a lake in Estonia's southeastern county of Voru close to the border with Latvia.
 The Maddalena Pass (Italian: Colle della Maddalena French: Col de Larche historically Col de l'Argentière) (elevation 1996 m.) is a high mountain pass between the Cottian Alps and the Maritime Alps located on the border between Italy and France. It connects Barcelonnette in France with Cuneo in Italy.
 Ngalongalo River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 The Văratecu River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Izvorul Alb River is a headwater of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Zeitlbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Torno is an Italian river whose source is in Aspromonte National Park. From there the river flows southeast and empties into the Ionian Sea north of Brancaleone.
 The Kankai River (also referred to as Kankai Mai) (Nepali: कन्काई नदी Hindi: कंकई नदी) is a trans-boundary river flowing through Nepal and India. It is a tributary of the Mahananda River.
 Beinn Chorranach is one of the Arrochar Alps a mountain range that marks the start of the Argyll Highlands and provides a wilderness of long coastlines and high mountains with forested hill sides. Beinn Chorranach's parent peak is Beinn Ime the biggest mountain in the range. Beinn Chorranach lies at the head of lower Glen Kinglas and is located between Loch Fyne (Biggest sea loch in Scotland) and Loch Lomond (The Biggest Freshwater Loch in Scotland).
 The Wissigstock is a mountain of the Urner Alps. It lies on the border between the Swiss cantons of Obwalden and Uri. The closest locality is Engelberg on the west side.
 The Ross Creek Reservoir is an artificial lake in Dunedin New Zealand. One of the oldest artificial lakes in the country and the oldest water supply reservoir still in use in the country it was created in the 1860s to provide water for the city of Dunedin at that time in the middle of rapid expansion due to the Otago goldrush.
 Shackleton is an impact crater that lies at the south pole of the Moon. The peaks along the crater's rim are exposed to almost continual sunlight while the interior is perpetually in shadow (Crater of eternal darkness). The low-temperature interior of this crater functions as a cold trap that may capture and freeze volatiles shed during comet impacts on the Moon.
 The Komati River (also called Incomati River) is a river in South Africa Swaziland and Mozambique. It is 480 kilometres (298 mi) long with a drainage basin 50000 square kilometres (19300 sq mi) in size. Its mean annual discharge is 111 m³/s (3920 cfs) at its mouth. The name Komati is derived from inkomati (siSwati) meaning cow as its perennial nature is compared to a cow that always has milk.
 Bob's Lake is a lake in geographic Patterson Township in the Unorganized Centre Part of Parry Sound District in Central Ontario Canada. It is in the Great Lakes Basin and the nearest community is Restoule 6 kilometres (4 mi) to the east. It is located in the Almaguin Highlands.
 The Boeuf River is a tributary of the Ouachita River in the U.S. states of Arkansas and Louisiana. The river is about 216 miles (348 km) long.The Boeuf River's name comes from the French word bœuf which means bull.
 The Brodina River is a tributary of the Suceava River in Romania.
 Harahorn also written Harahødn is a mountain located in the Hemsedal municipality in Norway. It is a part of Hemsedal Top 20.
 Gyebangsan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea.
 Mount Aeolus is a mountain located in the Bosche Range in Alberta Canada. The mountain was named for Aeolus the Greek god of winds.
 Gusty Peak was named by Glen Boles in 1972. The first ascent of this mountain was completed during extremely windy weather. It is located in the Kananaskis Range in Alberta.
 San Antonio Lake is a lake in the Beni Department Bolivia. At an elevation of 205 m its surface area is 26 km².
 Jabal Ghina is a mountain in Fujairah.
 Eastwood Creek in San Diego County California is a tributary of Coleman Creek that arises at the north face of the gold bearing mountain north of Julian in the Cuyamaca Mountains. From the source Eastwood Creek descends northwesterly a short distance then turns southwest down a canyon to its confluence with Coleman Creek just below the site of Branson City.
 Crested Butte elevation 12168 ft (3709 m) is a summit in the Elk Mountains of western U.S. Colorado. The butte is just east of the town of Crested Butte in Gunnison County. Ski lifts and runs of the Crested Butte Mountain Resort occupy the north side of the mountain.
 Canagua River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 The Winston Churchill Range is a mountain range in the Park Ranges of the Canadian Rockies located in Jasper National Park. The range was named after Sir Winston Churchill former British prime minister.The eastern boundary of the range begins on the western side of Sunwapta River from the Jasper and Banff boundary and extends north to Sunwapta Falls. The western boundary of the range is defined by the Athabasca River valley to the east of Warwick Mountain.
 Ipanema River is a river of Alagoas and Pernambuco states in eastern Brazil.
 The Mostonga (Serbian Cyrillic: Мостонга) is a river in northern Serbia in Bačka region of the province of Vojvodina a 70-km long left tributary to the Danube. Once 92 km long due to the extensive corrections and channeling of the river to make it part of the other canals the Mostonga is shortened turned into a series of channels and popularly referred to as a river there is no more.
 Elsternbuschbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Dittaino (Greek: Χρύσας; Latin: Chrysas) is a river of central Sicily which rises in the Heraean Mountains not far from the modern towns of Gangi and Enna. It has a length of 105 km.After flowing through the territory of Assoro where its tutelary divinity was worshipped with peculiar honors during the Greek civilization and afterwards through that of Agira it joins the Simeto in the plain of Catania about 30 km from its mouth.
 Little Lake Lićenat or Lake Drelaj (Albanian: Liqeni i Drelajve or Leqinati i vogël) is a small lake found on Mount Leqinat that reaches an elevation of 2341 m (7680 ft) in the Prokletije range in western Kosovo near the border with Montenegro. The length of this lake is 100 m (328 ft) and the maximum width is 40 m (131 ft). Little Lake Lićenat at a lower elevation than the much larger Lake Lićenat found in the west of it and only a hill of pine trees separates the two.
 Tulangbawang River is a river in northern Sumatra Indonesia.
 Dewdney Peak is the southwesternmost summit of the Douglas Ranges in the Lower Mainland of southern British Columbia Canada. Located immediately above the community of the same name from whence it got its name it is generally known in the area unofficially as Hatzic Mountain in relation to Hatzic Prairie on its immediate west.
 Berovo Lake is a freshwater lake located in the Republic of Macedonia.The lake lies within 7 km of the Macedonia-Bulgaria Border near the town of Berovo. The lake is surrounded by evergreen and deciduous type species of forests. Many locals go swimming fishing or sailing in the lake. The forested areas that surround the lake are protected by the Macedonian Forestry Police. Illegal cutting down forested areas for fire is prohibited in most areas of the country.
 Langvassåga is a river that flows out of the lake Langvatnet in the municipality of Rana in Nordland county Norway. It flows in a southeastern direction then it's joined by the river Røvassåga and then continues as a tributary to the main river Ranelva south of the village of Røssvoll. The Langvassåga catchment area covers about 1114 square kilometres (430 sq mi). The river passes by the Mo i Rana Airport Røssvoll.
 The Red Cedar River is a westward-flowing tributary of the Grand River in Michigan. Its source is Cedar Lake which is located in Marion Township in the southeastern corner of Livingston County and it runs about 51.1 miles (82.2 km) through Okemos East Lansing including the campus of Michigan State University and finally Lansing where it empties into the Grand River. It has a West and a Middle branch each of which also originates in southern Livingston County.
 Lauter (Odenwald) is a river of Hesse Germany.
 The Monashee Mountains are a mountain range lying mostly in British Columbia Canada extending into the U.S. state of Washington. They stretch 530 km (329 mi) from north to south and 150 km (93 mi) from east to west. They are a sub-range of the Columbia Mountains. They are limited on the eastern side by the Columbia River and Arrow Lakes beyond which lie the Selkirk Mountains and by the upper North Thompson River and the Interior Plateau on the west.
 The Chugach Mountains of southern Alaska are the northernmost of the several mountain ranges that make up the Pacific Coast Ranges of the western edge of North America. The range is about 250 miles (402 km) long and 60 miles (97 km) wide and extends from the Knik and Turnagain Arms of the Cook Inlet on the west to Bering Glacier Tana Glacier and the Tana River on the east. It is bounded on the north by the Matanuska Copper and Chitina rivers.
 Rainbow Glacier is located on the northeast slopes of Mount Baker in the North Cascades of the U.S. state of Washington. Rainbow Glacier descends to nearly 4500 ft (1400 m) to the north of Lava Divide. In the middle of its course Rainbow Glacier is connected to Park Glacier to its south and Mazama Glacier to the west. Between 1850 and 1950 Rainbow Glacier retreated 4494 ft (1370 m).
 Salt Pan Creek an urban watercourse of the Georges River catchment is located in the Canterbury-Bankstown region of Sydney in New South Wales Australia.
 Store Tverråtinden is a mountain just south of Galdhøpiggen in the municipality of Lom in Oppland Norway.
 The Gravel Hills are a low mountain range in the central Mojave Desert in northwestern San Bernardino County California.They are located northeast of Barstow and northeast of Kramers Junction. The hills are in a Bureau of Land Management administered area.
 The Valea Scurtă River is a tributary of the Valea Plopilor River in Romania.
 Several rivers bear the name King Salmon River in Alaska.The King Salmon River is a 35-mile (56 km) tributary of the Ugashik River in the U.S. state of Alaska. Beginning at Mother Goose Lake in the Aleutian Range it flows northwest to meet the larger river near the upper reaches of Ugashik Bay. The lake and the upper course of the King Salmon lie within the Alaska Peninsula National Wildlife Refuge.
 Crookes is a lunar impact crater that lies on the Moon's far side as seen from the Earth. It lies just to the southwest of the giant crater Korolev. To the southwest of Crookes is McKellar.The rim of this crater has a relatively high albedo compared to most such formations on the Moon and it lies at the center of a ray system. This ejecta forms a nearly continuous blanket out to at least one crater diameter before forming extended rays and a multitude of wispy markings across the surface.
 Cayuga Creek is a small stream in western New York USA. The creek enters Buffalo Creek in the northwest corner of the Town of West Seneca in Erie County just upstream from the New York State Thruway crossing. At that point Buffalo Creek becomes the Buffalo River and flows into Lake Erie from Buffalo New York. The creek is named after the Cayuga tribe one of the constituent members of the Iroquois.
 The Lazul River is a tributary of the Latoriţa River in Romania.
 The Valea Noaghiei River is a tributary of the Ştevioara River in Romania.
 The Țuțurele River is a tributary of the Lumaşu River in Romania.
 Grassy lake also sometimes called Lake Grassy is a long narrow lake south of the city of Lake Placid Florida. It has a surface area of 529.91-acre (2144500 m2). This lake's shore is 90% surrounded by development mainly single-family housing. A small section of the southwest shore is bordered by U.S. Route 27.Grassy Lake only has public access along the public right of way along US 27. There are no public boat ramps or no public swimming areas.
 Loch Morlich (Scottish Gaelic Loch Mhùrlaig) is a freshwater loch in the Badenoch and Strathspey area of Highland Scotland near Aviemore. The loch is home to a watersports center with kayaking sailing and windsurfing among the activities available. There is also a yacht club and cycling routes around the loch. The loch is just a few miles from Aviemorewhich enjoys daily train services.Long stretches of its shoreline are formed of sandy beaches.
 The Strona di Postua (Piemontese: Stron-a ëd Pòstua) is a 14.1 kilometres (8.8 mi) long torrent in the Piedmont region - NW Italy.
 The Bătrâna River or Valea Bătrâna River is a headwater of the Râul Târgului in Romania.
 Spring Lake is a lake in Alberta. It is located within the village of Spring Lake. Both are surrounded by Parkland County.
 The Mojiguaçu River (Portuguese Rio Mojiguaçu) is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil. It is a tributary of the Grande River.
 Thunacar Knott is a fell in the central part of the English Lake District in the county of Cumbria.
 The northern end of the Red Sea bifurcates into the Sinai Peninsula creating the Gulf of Suez (Arabic: خليج السويس‎; transliterated: Khalīǧ as-Suwais) in the west and the Gulf of Aqaba to the east. The gulf is formed within a relatively young but now inactive Gulf of Suez Rift rift basin dating back about 28 million years. It stretches some 300 kilometres (190 mi) north by northwest terminating at the Egyptian city of Suez and the entrance to the Suez Canal.
 Rio Verde Grande (Portuguese for big green river) is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 The Henrys Lake Mountains highest point Sheep Point el. 10609 feet (3234 m) (See also ) are a small mountain range northwest of West Yellowstone Montana in Madison County Montana. These mountains are also referred to as the Lionhead Mountains and straddle the Continental Divide along the Idaho-Montana border. On the northwest corner of these mountains is Quake Lake created when the 1959 Yellowstone earthquake caused a massive landslide and dammed the Madison River.
 Sandgrovhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 The Lichfield Canal as it is now known was historically a part of the Wyrley and Essington Canal being the section of that canal from Ogley Junction at Brownhills on the northern Birmingham Canal Navigations to Huddlesford Junction east of Lichfield on the Coventry Canal a length of 7 miles (11.3 km). The branch was abandoned in 1955 along with several other branches of the Wyrley and Essington and much of it was filled in.
 Senachwine Lake is a 3324-acre (13.5 km²) riparian lake that forms part of the valley of the Illinois River. It is located in Putnam and Marshall Counties Illinois. Its elevation is 439 feet (134 meters) above sea level. Senachwine Lake is connected by a shallow channel to adjacent Goose Lake also a backwater lake of the Illinois River.
 The Ghebanul River is a tributary of the Râșnoava River in Romania.
 Brand (Sächsische Schweiz) is a mountain of Saxony southeastern Germany.
 The Bez is a tributary to the Drôme River in the Drôme department of France. It has a drainage basin of 250 km².
 The Negrea River is a tributary of the Crişul Repede River in Romania
 Alanngorsuaq is a 411 metres (1348 ft) high mountain in the Qeqqata municipality in western Greenland. It is located on the mainland of Greenland in Sisimiut valley approximately 3 km (1.9 mi) east of the town.
 Kaukuanjärvi is a medium-sized lake in the Iijoki main catchment area. It is located in Posio municipality in the Lapland region in Finland.
 The Azergues is a river in the Rhône department in eastern France. It is a right tributary of the Saône which it joins in Anse. Its source is in the Beaujolais hills near Chénelette. The Azergues flows through the following towns: Lamure-sur-Azergues Le Bois-d'Oingt Chessy Châtillon Chazay-d'Azergues and Anse.
 The Kumengamatea River is a river of the Northland Region of New Zealand's North Island. It flows southwest into the Awaroa River close to the latter's outflow into the Wairoa River.
 Cerro El Roble is a mountain in central Chile. Much of the land area associated with this mountain was incorporated into the La Campana National Park in the late 1990s. A station of the National Astronomical Observatory of Chile Cerro El Roble Observatory is located at the top of this mountain.
 The Pârâul Adânc is a tributary of the Bâsca Mare River in Romania.
 The Poplar River is a tributary of the Missouri River approximately 167 miles (269 km) long in Saskatchewan in Canada and Montana in the United States.It rises in several forks on the plains of southern Saskatchewan. The western fork rises near Killdeer Saskatchewan and flows southeast into northeastern Montana past Richland and across Daniels County. The middle fork rises northwest of Rockglen Saskatchewan and flows southeast into northeastern Montana and passes west of Scobey.
 Mount Maru (丸山 Maru-yama) is a lava dome located in the Nipesotsu-Maruyama Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. Mount Maru is also known as Higashi-Tokachi-Maruyama (東十勝丸山) or Higashi-Taisetsu-Maruyama (東大雪丸山) to distinguish it from other mountains with the same name. Only in 1989 did scientists discover that Mount Maru is a quaternary volcano. The mountain sits on the border between the towns of Kamishihoro and Shintoku.
 Mount Bartle Frere (pronunciation [ˈmæɔnt̥ ˈbɐːɾəɫ ˈfɹɪə]) is the highest mountain in Queensland at an elevation of 1622 metres (5322 ft). The mountain was named after Sir Henry Bartle Frere a British colonial administrator and then president of the Royal Geographical Society by George Elphinstone Dalrymple in 1873. Bartle Frere was British Governor of Cape Colony at the outset of the Zulu Wars.
 The Valea Dobricei River is a tributary of the Ghimbăşel River in Romania.
 The Dumoine River is a river in western Quebec with its source in Machin Lake near La Vérendrye Wildlife Reserve. From Dumoine Lake the river flows almost due south off the Canadian Shield and empties into the Ottawa River just west of Rapides-des-Joachims Quebec or Rolphton Ontario. The river is 129 km long and drains a watershed of 5380 square kilometers (source: Atlas of Canada).
 The Frasinu River is a tributary of the Lotrioara River in Romania.
 The Río Bairoa is a river of Puerto Rico.
 Samaquta (Aymara sama color quta lake color lake hispanicized spelling Samaccota) is a lake in Peru located in the Arequipa Region Caylloma Province Tisco District northeast of the mountain P'allqa (Palca) and northwest of Samaquta.
 The Maja River or Corund River is a tributary of the Crasna River in Romania.
 The Volcán Barú (also Volcán de Chiriqui) is an active stratovolcano and the tallest mountain in Panama at 3474 metres (11398 ft) high. It lies about 35 km off the border of Costa Rica.Due to its height and Panama's relatively short width it is possible to see both the Pacific Ocean and Caribbean Sea from Volcán Barú's peak on a clear day this is relatively rare.
 Jebel el Gharbi (Arabic: جَبَل لُبْنَان ‎) is a mountain in central Lebanon.
 Możanka is a river of Poland a tributary of the Pluskwianka.
 The Cornet River is a tributary of the Bucureșci River in Romania.
 Hwangaksan is a mountain of South Korea. It has an elevation of 1111 metres.
 The Sărăţelu River is a tributary of the Şuşiţa River in Romania.
 Mount Diablo is a mountain in Contra Costa County California in the San Francisco Bay Area located south of Clayton and northeast of Danville. It is an isolated upthrust peak of 3864 feet (1178 m) visible from most of the San Francisco Bay Area and much of northern California.
 The Vacaria River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 Lake Szelid (Szelidi-tó) is a lake in Bács-Kiskun county Hungary. It contains 3.6 km² of water.
 Wainunu River is a river of Vanua Levu Fiji.
 Cerro Tipas (also known as Cerro Cazadero or Cerro Walther Penck) is a massive complex volcano in the Andes located in northwestern Argentina. It is just southwest of Ojos del Salado the highest volcano in the world. Tipas itself is perhaps the third highest active volcano in the world and it consists of stratovolcanoes lava domes and lava flows. Its summit is 6658 metres (21844 ft) above sea level.
 Bad a' Chreamha is a small hill in Scotland occupying the broad peninsula between Loch Carron and Loch Kishorn. It consists of a long low ridge: the northwestern side is marked by a series of broken crags whilst to the south the hill slopes down to the shores of Loch Carron.Bad a' Chreamha may be climbed from the path between Achintraid and Reraig which passes to the west side of the hill below the crags.
 Mount Aka (赤岳 Aka-dake) is a stratovolcano located in the Daisetsuzan Volcanic Group of the Ishikari Mountains Hokkaidō Japan.
 Ysgafell Wen is a subsidiary summit of Allt-fawr in Snowdonia North Wales. It is the highest point on a broad ridge that stretches to the north-west of Moel Druman and includes one other summit Ysgafell Wen North Top.
 Tyresö-Flaten is a lake in Tyresö Municipality just south of Stockholm Sweden.The lake forms part of the Tyresån Lake System and as such is considered important for recreational activities such as angling and bathing. Common fish species include Perch Zander Pike Lake trout Carp Bream and Roach.
 The Executive Committee Range is a mountain range consisting of five major volcanoes which trends north-south for 80 km (50 mi) along the 126th meridian west in Marie Byrd Land Antarctica.Discovered by the United States Antarctic Service expedition on a flight December 15 1940 and named for the Antarctic Service Executive Committee. Individual mountains (e.g.
 The Great Basin Divide is the western continental divide that separates the Great Basin from the Pacific Ocean watershed. The water divide is the perimeter of the largest set of contiguous endorheic watersheds of North America including six entire USGS watershed subregions.
 The Dawna Range also known as Dawna Hills (Burmese Dawna Taungdan; Thai: ทิวเขาดอยมอนกุจู) is a mountain range in eastern Burma and northwestern Thailand. Its northern end is located in Kayah State where it meets the Daen Lao Range a subrange of the Shan Hills. The range runs southwards along Kayin State as a natural border with Mon State in the west forming parallel ranges to the northern end of the Tenasserim Hills further south and southeast.
 Belvide Reservoir is a reservoir in South Staffordshire England. It was built in 1833 to supply the Birmingham and Liverpool Junction Canal and has been managed as a nature reserve since 1977. It has been used to study the effect of water level changes on bird populations.
 Laguna Lejía is a salt lake located in the Altiplano of the Antofagasta Region of northern Chile. The landscape of the area is dominated by the volcanoes Chiliques Lascar Aguas Calientes and Acamarachi.
 Snickers Gap originally William's Gap is a wind gap in the Blue Ridge Mountain on the border of Loudoun County and Clarke County in Virginia. The gap is traversed by Virginia State Route 7. The Appalachian Trail also passes across the gap. Bear's Den and Raven Rocks are adjacent to the gap.During the autumn bird migration the gap is a favored spot for birdwatchers to count and study the many raptors that follow the ridge on their way south.
 The Guadalupe or Guadalupejo River (Spanish: Río Guadalupe) is a right hand tributary of the Guadiana in Spain.
 Not to be confused with Devils Thumb Boundary Peak 71 which is in the same mountain range.Devils Paw (or Devil's Paw or Boundary Peak 93) is the high point of the Juneau Icefield on the Alaska-British Columbia border. It is part of the Boundary Ranges of the Coast Mountains. It is also notable for its steep rise above the low local terrain.
 The Pârâul lui Mihai is a tributary of the Anieșul Mare River in Romania.
 Cataract River a perennial river that is part of the Hawkesbury-Nepean catchment is located in the Macarthur region of New South Wales Australia.
 The Largul River is a tributary of the Izvorul River in Romania.
 The Shade River is a tributary of the Ohio River in southeastern Ohio in the United States. Via the Ohio River it is part of the watershed of the Mississippi River draining an area of 221 square miles (570 km2) on the unglaciated portion of the Allegheny Plateau. The Shade River is 17.4 miles (28.0 km) long or 38.2 miles (61.5 km) including its west branch.The Shade River flows predominantly as three streams its east middle and west branches.
 The Valea Lacului River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Jonsvatnet is a lake in Sør-Trøndelag county Norway. Most of the lake is in the eastern part of the municipality of Trondheim with a very small part of the shoreline belonging to Malvik municipality. The lake is the main source for drinking water for Trondheim.
 Mount Api (Malay: Gunung Api) is a limestone mountain located in Gunung Mulu National Park in Sarawak Malaysia. Neighbouring Mount Benarat and Mount Buda are part of the same formation.
 The Cascade River is a river in the U.S. state of Washington. It is a tributary of the Skagit River which it joins at the city of Marblemount. It is a National Wild and Scenic River.
 Kermajärvi (literally Finn. kerma for cream järvi for lake) is a medium-sized lake in the Vuoksi main catchment area. It is located in the region of Southern Savonia in Heinävesi. It is the country's 53rd largest lake with an area of 85.57 square kilometres (33.04 sq mi) and consists of a wide open lake with plenty of islands in both northwest and southeast parts of it and several long narrow bays in both ends.
 Ibn Yunus is the remains of a flooded lunar crater. It lies on the far side of the Moon just past the eastern limb. It can only be viewed from Earth under conditions of favorable libration and lighting and even then it is seen from the edge. This feature is attached to the east-southeastern outer rim of the flooded crater Goddard. It lies within the Mare Marginis a lunar mare along the eastern limb.What survives of this crater is a low roughly circular ridge projecting up through the mare.
 The Paracaí River (Paraná) is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 Bhimtal Lake is a lake in the town of Bhimtal Uttarakhand India. There is an island at the centre of the lake. It is the largest lake in the only real lake district of India. It is a perennial lake which not only supports a large variety of aquatic life but is a winter stopover for Trans Himalayan birds.
 Sperry Glacier is located in Glacier National Park (U.S.) in the U.S. state of Montana. The glacier is situated on the north slopes of Gunsight Mountain west of the Continental Divide.
 The Wooramel River is an ephemeral river in the Gascoyne of Western Australia.The river rises near McLeod Pyramid and flows in a westerly direction crossing the Carnarvon-Mullewa Road near Pandara through the Carandibby range crossing the North West Coastal Highway near the Wooramel Roadhouse then discharging into Shark Bay and the Indian Ocean near Herald Loop.
 The Great Western Tiers are a collection of small mountain bluffs in the northern part of the Tasmanian Central Highlands.They stretch from Western Bluff near the town of Mole Creek towards the east passing south of the town of Meander north of the Great Lake and ending at Millers Bluff approximately 25 km west of Campbell Town near the Macquarie River.The highest of the peaks is Ironstone Mountain at 1444m.The Tiers form the border between the fertile valleys of eastern Tasmania and the high rocky sparsely inhabited and infertile Central Plateaux.The lend their name to the Great Western Tiers tourist route signposted along the Bass Highway.
 The Nowitna River is a 250-mile (400 km) tributary of the Yukon River in the U.S. state of Alaska. The river flows northeast from the Kuskokwim Mountains through Nowitna National Wildlife Refuge and enters the larger river 38 miles (61 km) northeast of Ruby and southwest of Tanana.
 Pizzo di Campello is a mountain of the Swiss Lepontine Alps overlooking Faido in the canton of Ticino. It lies between the main Leventina valley and the valley of Blenio.
 For the Canadian band see Boize (band).For the American city see Boise.Boize is a river of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany.
 Lake Nedlouc is the lake on the top plateau of Ungava Peninsula Quebec Canada. Nedlouc (on different maps and publications spelled also Nedluc or Nedluk) is Inuktitut word meaning part of the leg around the knee. Why the lake was named like that is unknown. It is known also by two other Inuktitut names Nallualuk (meaning unknown) and Tasirtuuq (meaning: many lakes).Lake is the source of two rivers Charpentier River on the north-west and Nedlouc River on the north-east.
 The Tomochic River is a river of Mexico.
 Lake Maracaibo (Spanish: Lago de Maracaibo) is a large brackish bay in Venezuela at 09°48′57″N 71°33′24″W. It is connected to the Gulf of Venezuela by Tablazo Strait (55 km) at the northern end and fed by numerous rivers the largest being the Catatumbo. It is sometimes considered a lake rather than a bay or lagoon and at 13210 km² it would be the largest lake in South America.
 Reid Glacier is an alpine glacier located on the west slope of Mount Hood in the U.S. state of Oregon. It ranges in elevation from about 9800 to 6000 feet (3000 to 1800 m). The glacier is the source of the Sandy River. The upper extent of the glacier is known for extensive crevasses.The glacier is a remnant of the massive glaciers that formed during the last ice age.
 Wolfshainer Bach is a river of Hesse Germany.
 Al-Bakbuk is an impact crater in the northern hemisphere of Saturn's moon Enceladus. Al-Bakbuk was first observed in Cassini images during that mission's March 2005 flyby of Enceladus. It is located at 5.65°N 191.19°W﻿ / 5.65; -191.19 and is 9 kilometers across.
 The Sea of Sardinia is a body of water in the Mediterranean Sea between the Spanish archipelago of Balearic Islands and the Italian island of Sardinia. The deepest point is at some 3000 msome 150 km north-west to the island of Minorca.
 Hillier's Cave (grid reference ST65734753) is a cave in Fairy Cave Quarry near Stoke St Michael in the limestone of the Mendip Hills in Somerset England.It falls within the St. Dunstan's Well Catchment Site of Special Scientific Interest.The cave was discovered on 13 February 1954 when blasting at one of the working faces opened up a cave passage and is now choked with sludge waste from the quarry.
 The Sigre River is a river in Honduras.
 The Love River or Ai River (simplified Chinese: 爱河; traditional Chinese: 愛河; pinyin: Ài Hé; Pe̍h-ōe-jī: Ài-hô) is a river (canal) in southern Taiwan. It originates in Renwu District Kaohsiung City and flows 12 kilometers (7.5 mi) through Kaohsiung to Kaohsiung Harbor. Love River is the spine of Kaohsiung playing a similar role to the River Thames of London. It is of great cultural significance to the people of Kaohsiung and plays an important role in its economy and tourism.
 The Răvașu River is a tributary of the Valea lui Iacob River in Romania.
 The Sierra de Mijas is a mountain range in southern Spain part of the coastal mountain range that lies behind the Costa del Sol Occidental in Andalusia. It separates the Valle del Guadalhorce region from the Costa del Sol.The highest point is the Pico Mijas at 1150 metres. Geologically it is located in the inner part of the Cordillera Bética.
 The Vicinic River is a tributary of the Caraş River. Its source and the greatest part of the river are located in Romania. On its lower reach it crosses the border into Serbia before joining the Caraş River
 The Speed River is a river that flows through Wellington County and the Region of Waterloo in western Ontario Canada. It flows south from its source near Orton through Guelph where it is joined by the Eramosa River then through the towns of Hespeler and Preston finally uniting with the Grand River in north-west Cambridge.
 Wet Lake (Polish: Jezioro Mokre) is a ribbon lake in the Mrągowskie Lakeland of Poland. There are 5 islands in the lake. It is situated in the Mazurski Landscape Park near Zgon.
 Schanzenkopf (Spessart) is a mountain of Bavaria Germany.
 Stemple Creek is a 16 mi (26 km) long westward-flowing stream in the California counties of Sonoma and Marin which feeds into the Estero de San Antonio. Its waters ultimately reach Bodega Bay part of the Gulf of the Farallones National Marine Sanctuary on the Pacific Ocean.
 Big Muddy Creek is a tributary of the Missouri River approximately 191 mi (307 km) long in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan and the U.S. state of Montana. It flows through the Big Muddy Badlands.It rises in southern Saskatchewan at Willow Bunch Lake on the plains north of the international border and approximately 20 mi (32 km) northwest of Big Beaver.
 The Epureni River or Iepureni River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 The Val Viola Pass (Italian: Passo di Val Viola Romansh: Pass da Val Viola) is a high mountain pass in the Alps on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It connects Poschiavo in the Swiss canton of Graubünden with Valdidentro in the Italian region of Lombardy. The pass lies at a height of 2432 metres above sea level between Piz Paradisin and Corno di Dosdè.The pass is traversed by a trail.
 The Gâlceag River is a tributary of the Sebeş River in Romania.
 The Río Blanco (Honduras) is a river in Honduras. This flows Northwards through La Ceiba and empties Its Waters into the Caribbean Gulf.
 Salar de Arizaro is a large salt flat of the Andes in north-western Argentina bordering with Chile. It is located between the villages of Tolar Grande and Caipe and near Mina La Casualidad in Los Andes Department Salta Province.
 Minnetonka Cave is the largest limestone rock cave in the state of Idaho. It is located in Caribou-Targhee National Forest in Bear Lake County Idaho United States above the village of St. Charles (located at the north end of Bear Lake). Tours through the cave are offered from Memorial Day (weather permitting) through Labor Day by Scenic Canyons Recreational Services the concessionaire that holds the special use permit from the United States Forest Service.
 The Alonzo River is a river of Paraná state in southern Brazil.
 The Valea Agrișului River is a tributary of the Ciugud River in Romania.
 Gonam also known as Guonam (Russian: Гонам Гуонам) is a river in Yakutia in Russia a left tributary of the Uchur River (Lena's basin). The length of the river is 686 kilometres (426 mi). The area of its drainage basin is 55600 km². Its main tributaries are the Sutam and Algama Rivers.
 The Wainui River is a river of the Tasman Region of New Zealand's South Island. It flows north through Abel Tasman National Park from its sources on the slopes of Mount Evans to reach the small Wainui Bay an indentation close to the eastern end of Golden Bay.
 Evans Lake is a small roughly triangular lake having a perimeter of about 1.3 kilometers on the rise between the Cheakamus and Squamish Rivers in British Columbia Canada. The 604-acre (2.44 km2) site has been home to youth camps since 1959. For decades Evans Lake was used primarily by the Junior Forest Wardens of BC. Later the BC Forestry Association ran summer camps for children.
 Beijerinck is a lunar crater on the far side of the Moon. It lies to the south of the larger crater Chaplygin and to the northeast of the huge walled plain Gagarin.The outer rim of this crater is heavily worn and eroded by subsequent meteor bombardment particularly along the southern half with several small and tiny craterlets lying along the rim. The interior floor in contrast is relatively level and unmarked by notable impacts.
 Tuparro River is a river of Colombia found in Vichada Department. It gives its name to El Tuparro National Natural Park. Tuparro is part of the Orinoco River basin.
 Ilm is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 Veliki Galijaš or just Galijaš (Serbian Cyrillic: Велики Галијаш) is a canal turned lake on the Great War Island within proper of the City of Belgrade the capital of Serbia.The former canal is one of the major physical features on the island. In time the canal was cut off from the Danube and effectivelly turned into a lake with an area of 0.24 km² and became the major natural bird and fish spawning area on the island with 196 bird and 90 fish species living in it.
 John's Giant Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar.
 The Izvorul Bogat River is a tributary of the Tecșe River in Romania.
 Cup and Saucer Creek an urban watercourse of the Cooks River catchment is located in the Canterbury-Bankstown region of Sydney in New South Wales Australia.
 Moon Lake is a small lake close to Waverly in the Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 The Dragova River is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Vinul Mic River is a headwater of the Vinul River in Romania.
 Bach is a double-ringed impact basin centered in the Bach quadrangle of Mercury which is named after this crater.
 The Roda Velha River is a river of Bahia state in eastern Brazil.
 Nasvatn is a lake in the municipality of Åmli in Aust-Agder county Norway. It's located about 3.5 kilometres (2.2 mi) north of the village of Tovdal. The lake eventually drains in the Tovdalselva.
 The South Negril River is a river in Westmoreland Jamaica.
 Suqtaqucha (Quechua suqta six qucha lake six lakes hispanicized spelling Soctaccocha) is the name of a group of lakes in Peru. They are situated in the Apurímac Region Andahuaylas Province Kishuara District.
 San Pablo Bay is a tidal estuary that forms the northern extension of San Francisco Bay in northern California in the United States.
 The Besokatra River is located in northern Madagascar. Its sources are situated near Joffreville in the Amber Mountain National Park in the Ambohitra Massif it crosses the Route nationale 6 near Mahavanona and flows into the Indian Ocean.
 Gudiberg is a mountain of Bavaria in Garmisch-Partenkirchen Germany.It hosted the slalom part of the alpine skiing combined event for the 1936 Winter Olympics in neighboring Garmisch-Partenkirchen. The slalom piste at Gudiberg was improved in preparation for the World Championships in 2011 and has hosted World Cup slalom events.The adjacent ski jumping hill Große Olympiaschanze is a regular stop on the World Cup tour part of the Four Hills Tournament.
 Chew Magna Reservoir is a small reservoir on the western outskirts of the village of Chew Magna Somerset England. It lies just north of the B3130 Winford Road.This 5 acres (2 ha) reservoir was created in the 1930s damming Winford brook to supply water for villages in the Chew Valley. It is owned and managed by Bristol Water.Chew Magna reservoir provides fly fishing for stocked Brown Trout (Salmo trutta morpha fario) and Rainbow Trout (Oncorhynchus mykiss). Rainbows can be fished all year.
 The Beatrix Canal (Dutch: Beatrixkanaal) is a 8.4 km long canal in the southern Dutch. It was constructed to provide the city of Eindhoven with access to the Wilhelmina Canal.In order to be able to regulate the level of the Gender and Dommel streams which regularly threatened to flood Eindhoven's inner city an additional Discharge Canal (Afwateringskanaal) which is not open to navigation was dug to connect the Beatrix Canal and the Dommel stream.
 Mount Rainier (pronounced: /reɪˈnɪər/ - ray-NEAR) is a massive stratovolcano located 54 miles (87 km) southeast of Seattle in the state of Washington United States. It is the most topographically prominent mountain in the contiguous United States and the Cascade Volcanic Arc with a summit elevation of 14411 ft (4392 m).Mt. Rainier is considered one of the most dangerous volcanoes in the world and it is on the Decade Volcano list.Because of its large amount of glacial ice Mt.
 Acamarachi also known as Pili is a stratovolcano located northeast of the volcanoes Aguas Calientes and Lascar and southwest of the sector Salar de Pujsa of Los Flamencos National Reserve in the Antofagasta Region of Chile. The volcano lies on a high plateau called Puna de Atacama.It has a steep-sided cone with slopes of up to 45 degrees. It is at the southeast end of a small volcano group stretching to Colachi to the northwest.
 Mount Jackson (Mount Andrew Jackson and Mount Ernest Gruening) is a mountain that dominates the upland of the southern part of the Antarctic Peninsula. It is located in Palmer Land within the Antarctic claims of Argentina Chile and the United Kingdom. With an elevation of 3184 metres (10446 ft) Mount Jackson is the highest mountain in the Antarctic Peninsula and the British Antarctic Territory.
 The Nive River is a river in the north-eastern Australian state of Queensland. It rises on the western slopes of Mount Playfair south of the Salvador Rosa section of Carnarvon National Park and flows westwards through Long Waterhole to approximately 15 km east of Tambo. There the Nive River flows to the south following the Landsborough Highway before crossing it near Nive Downs. The river flows to the west of Augathella and has its confluence with the Warrego River south of Augathella.
 Beinn Spionnaidh is a mountain of 773 m in Sutherland the northwestern tip of the Scottish Highlands. It is a Corbett located west of Loch Eriboll and northeast of Cranstackie and Foinaven. It is like its neighbours in that the top a 1 km long whaleback running southwest to northeast is covered with loose broken quartzite.
 The Dearne and Dove Canal ran for almost ten miles through South Yorkshire England from Swinton to Barnsley through nineteen locks rising 127 feet (39 m). The canal also had two short branches the Worsbrough branch and the Elsecar branch both about two miles long with reservoirs at the head of each. The Elsecar branch also has another six locks. The only tunnel was bypassed by a cutting in 1840.The canal was created mainly to carry cargo from the extensive coal mining industry in the area.
 Tronador is an extinct stratovolcano in the southern Andes located along the border between Argentina and Chile near the city of Bariloche. The mountain was named Tronador (Spanish for Thunderer) by locals in reference to the sound of falling seracs. With an altitude of 3470 m Tronador stands more than 1000 m above nearby mountains in the Andean massif making it a popular mountaineering destination.
 The Cultus River is a stream in the U.S. state of Oregon located in Deschutes County.
 The Long Buttes are a low mountain range of buttes in the western Mojave Desert in Los Angeles County California.
 Gurung Hill is a mountain near the Line of Actual Control in the region of Aksai Chin that is controlled by China but claimed by India. A battle was fought at Gurung Hill during the Sino-Indian War.
 The Beaver Kill sometimes written as the Beaverkill or Beaverkill River is a tributary of the East Branch of the Delaware River approximately 44 miles (71 km) long in the U.S. State of New York. The kill drains a 300-square-mile (780 km2) area of the Catskill Mountains and has long been celebrated as one of the most famous trout streams in the United States.
 The Langkofel (Ladin: Saslonch; Italian: Sassolungo; German: Langkofel) is largest and highest peak of the Langkofel Group in the Dolomites in South Tyrol Italy.
 Mataurá River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 Kickapoo Creek (Concho River) is a river in Texas.
 Perepelkin is a lunar impact crater that is located just to the south of the similar crater Love. Attached to the exterior of its southern rim is the smaller Shirakatsi. Less than one crater diameter to the east-northeast is Lane and to the west-southwest are the co-joined Danjon and D'Arsonval.The rim of this crater is relatively heavily eroded and is similar in appearance to Love to the north.
 The Shields Branch (French: Rivière Saint-Roch) is a river in Quebec and Maine. From its source (47°06′58″N 69°49′37″W) in L'Islet RCM the river runs south and southeast across the Canada – United States border in Maine Township 15 Range 15 WELS to the Big Black River in T 14 R 15.
 Autana River is a river of Venezuela. It is part of the Orinoco River basin. Its headwaters are in the western portion of the Guiana Shield north of the Ventuari River. It flows in a general east to west direction and drains in the right margin of the Sipapo River.
 The Cârligu River is a tributary of the Zlata River in Romania.
 Großer Stadtsee is a lake in the Mecklenburgische Seenplatte district in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. At an elevation of 43.9 m its surface area is 0.88 km².
 The Kapitelsberg in the Harz Mountains of Germany is a hill 535.7 m above sea level near the village of Tanne in the county of Harz Saxony-Anhalt.
 The Sauer is a river in France (Alsace) and Germany (Rhineland-Palatinate). A left tributary of the river Rhine its total length is about 70 km. Its upper course in Germany is called Saarbach. Its source is in the Palatinate forest near the French border south of Pirmasens. It flows into France near Schœnau and continues through Wœrth and north of Haguenau. It flows into the Rhine in Seltz opposite the mouth of the Murg.
 The Gilfert is a 2506 metre high peak in the Tux Alps. It is the most northerly extent of the Rastkogel Massif and can therefore be seen from almost anywhere in the Lower Inn Valley.
 Bagé River is a river of Acre state in western Brazil.
 Little Truckee Summit elevation 6411 feet (1954 m) is a mountain pass in Sierra County California on the Great Basin Divide between the Middle Fork Feather River to the west and the Little Truckee River to the east. The pass is traversed by State Route 89 northwest of Truckee and southeast of Sierraville.
 The Peckman River is a tributary of the Passaic River in Essex and Passaic Counties New Jersey in the United States.The Peckman River originates in the township of West Orange and flows northeasterly through the townships of Verona Cedar Grove and Little Falls to its confluence with the Passaic River in the borough of Woodland Park (formerly West Paterson).
 The Piscanu River is a tributary of the Iezerul Mare River in Romania.
 Passo di Tartano is a mountain pass that links the village of Tartano in Valtellina with Valleve in Val Brembana. There is not a road that cross the pass during summer the Pass is a popular destination for hikers. The pass is covered of snow usually form the mid of November to May and is a destination for off pist skiers. At the pass there are remains of fortifications of Cadrona Line built during World War I.
 Latschensee is a lake in Bayerischer Wald Bavaria Germany. At an elevation of 1150 m its surface area is 0.1 ha.
 The Cordillera Domeyko is a mountain range of the Andes located in northern Chile west of Salar de Atacama. It runs north-south for approximately 600 km parallel to the main chain. The mountain range marks the eastern border of the flat parts of Atacama Desert.Cordillera Domeyko was named after Ignacy Domeyko and is the world's lowest humidity mountain range.
 Étang des Redouneilles des brebis is a lake in Ariège France. At an elevation of 2228 m its surface area is 0.015 km².
 The Ilimpeya (Russian: Илимпея) is a river in Krasnoyarsk Krai Russia. It is a left tributary of the Nizhnyaya Tunguska River.
 Turó de Sant Elies is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1003 m (3291 ft) above sea level.
 The Valea Șindilei is a headwater of the Valea Cetăţii River in Romania
 Whipple is a lunar impact crater located on the lunar far side near the northern pole. The crater is located East of the prominent craters Byrd and Peary; the latter of which it is located on the rim of. Whipple is permanently shaded from the Sun. Volatile species of atoms and molecules such as water (and mercury) that enter the crater freeze and thus get trapped due to the extremely cold conditions that prevail within the crater.
 The Sarsang reservoir is a large lake located de jure in Tartar Rayon of Azerbaijan and de facto in Martakert Province of Nagorno-Karabakh Republic formed by a hydroelectric dam. It is one of Azerbaijan's 61 water reservoirs; however Azerbaijan does not control the territory it is located on.
 The Pârâul Lupului is a tributary of the Baraolt River in Romania.
 Olivia Lake is a lake in Alberta.
 The Alpe di Succiso is a mountain in the northern Apennines located in the trait between the Cerreto and Lagastrello Passes with an altitude of 2017 m. It has a pyramidal appearance carved by several gorges. The rivers Secchia and Enza right affluences of the Po River have their source in the Alpe di Succiso. The mountain is part of the National Park of the Appennino Tosco-Emiliano.
 Bartlett Bay is an Arctic waterway in Qikiqtaaluk Region Nunavut Canada. It is located in Nares Strait off eastern Ellesmere Island off the Bache Peninsula. Victoria Head marks the northern tip of its mouth.It is named in honor of Captain Robert Bartlett a Newfoundland navigator and Arctic explorer.
 The Ardeleana River is a headwater of the Ilba River in Romania.
 The Scharteberg is a mountain 691 metres (2267 ft) high near Kirchweiler in the district of Vulkaneifel and is one the highest peaks in the Eifel region of Germany. On the summit is the Eifel Transmitter which belongs to SWR and is used for FM radio and television.
 The Curimataí River is a river of Minas Gerais state in southeastern Brazil.
 Faulbach is a river of Bavaria Germany.
 The Britannia Range is a subrange of the North Shore Mountains running along the east flank of Howe Sound just north of Vancouver British Columbia Canada. The range begins in the Deeks Lake/Hanover Mountain area to the north of Brunswick Mountain which is the highest of the summits of the Cypress Mountain ski area at Cypress Provincial Park above West Vancouver though that summit is not in the range.
 Trufultruful River (also spelled Truful-Truful) is a river located in the La Araucanía Region of Chile. It flows south a few kilometres from its source the Conguillío Lake to join the Zahuelhue River forming the Allipén River at Melipeuco. A great part of its course is contained within Conguillío National Park and drains the east slope of Llaima volcano. Truful-Truful Falls occurs on the river.
 Nahe (Schleuse) is a river of Thuringia Germany.
 The Vefsnfjord is a fjord in the Helgeland traditional district of Nordland county Norway. It is about 51 kilometres (32 mi) long reaching a maximum depth of about −440 metres (−1440 ft). The fjord flows through the municipalities of Alstahaug Leirfjord and Vefsn. The fjord begins at Tjøtta south of the island of Alsten and meets Leirfjord at Sundøya before turning to the south as it proceeds inland to Mosjøen.
 The Rawra mountain range (Quechua rawra gravel hispanicized spelling Raura) is situated in the Andes of Peru. It extends between 10°21' and 10°31'S and 76°41' and 76°50'W for about 20 km. The range is located in the regions Huánuco Lima and Pasco. It lies a few kilometres southeast of the Waywash mountain range.The highest mountain in the range is Santa Rosa at 5717 metres (18757 ft).
 Right Angle Peak is a mountain in South West Tasmania. It lies to the South East of the Frankland Range near the impoundment Lake Pedder. It is surrounded by small lakes such as Lake Surprise to the East. It is South West of Secheron Peak.
 Okstindbreen is the eighth largest glacier in mainland Norway. The 46-square-kilometre (18 sq mi) glacier lies in the Okstindan mountain range in the municipality of Hemnes in Nordland county.The highest point is 1740 metres (5710 ft) above sea level and its lowest point is 750 metres (2460 ft) above sea level. At the eastern edge of the glacier lies the mountain Oksskolten the highest point in Nordland county.
 The Murray River is a minor river on Stewart Island / Rakiura of New Zealand. It enters the Foveaux Strait sea on the eastern side of the island.
 Beverbach is a river of Lower Saxony Germany.
 The Sambito River is a river of Piauí state in northeastern Brazil.
 The Peterskopf near the Palatine county town of Bad Dürkheim in the German state of Rhineland-Palatinate is a 487-metre-high hill in the Haardt mountains. On its summit is the Bismarck tower.
 The Avisio is an 89.4-kilometre-long (55.6 mi) Italian stream (a torrente) a left tributary of the Adige whose course is in Trentino.It rises from Marmolada and runs through the Fascia Valley the Fiemme Valley and the Cembra Valley before joining the Adige in the town of Lavis a small town 8 km north of Trento.
 Hatunuma (Quechua hatun (in Bolivia always jatun) big / superior / principal uma mountain top / head big mountain top or big head hispanicized spelling Jatunhuma also spelled Jatunuma or Jatun Uma) Hatunpampa (Quechua pampa plain big plain also spelled Jatunpampa) or Pico Tres (Spanish for peak three) is a mountain in the Willkanuta mountain range in the Andes of Peru about 6093 metres (19990 ft) high.
 The Hamaradia River or Hămăradia River is a tributary of the Homorod River in Romania.
 The Pietrosu River or Pietroasa River is a tributary of the Păscoaia River in Romania.
 The Wetterwandeck is a summit 2698 m high in the Wetterstein mountains on the Austro-German border. It is located south of Germany's highest peak the Zugspitze above the Southern Schneeferner in the ridge which borders the Zugspitzplatt to the south.The first verifiable ascent of the Wetterwandeck was in 1874 by Hermann von Barth.A drag lift in the ski region on the Zugspitzplatt below the Wetterwandeck was named after the mountain.
 The Knochen is a monadnock between the village of Raschau-Markersbach and the town of Schwarzenberg in the Saxon part of the Ore Mountains in southeastern Germany. Its summit lies 551.4 metres above sea level.
 The River Plym is a river in Devon England. Its source is some 450m (about 1500 ft) above sea level on Dartmoor in an upland marshy area called Plym Head. From the upper reaches which contain antiquities and mining remains the river flows roughly southwest and enters the sea near (and gives its name) to the city of Plymouth where the settlement was historically known as Sutton. Its tidal estuary is known as the Laira.
 Rush Peak is a mountain in the Karakoram mountain range of Central Asia. It is located in the Gilgit District of the Northern Areas of Pakistan. While not a high peak by local standards it is noteworthy as a remote trekking destination. It can be reached via Nagar Valley and Hoper Village. The peak can be accessed via Hoper Glacier (Bualtar Glacier) and Barpu Glacier.
 The São Sepe River is a river of Rio Grande do Sul state in southern Brazil.
 Le Rochail is a mountain in the French Alps. Located in the Massif des Écrins the mountain has a summit elevation of 3023 metres (9918 ft).
 The Pointe de Miribel (1581 m) is a mountain in the Chablais Alps in Haute-Savoie France.
 Lake Evangeline is located in Glacier National Park in the U. S. state of Montana. Lake Evangeline is situated in the Upper Camas Valley and is 1.25 miles (2.01 km) northwest of Camas Lake. Nearby mountains include Longfellow Peak and Paul Bunyans Cabin to the southwest.
 The Luisin is a mountain of the Chablais Alps overlooking Les Marécottes in the canton of Valais. It lies east of the Tour Sallière on the range between the lake of Salanfe and the valley of Trient.
 Summit Lake is a 43-acre (170000 m2) cold water reservoir located in Greenbrier County West Virginia in the Gauley Ranger District of the Monongahela National Forest. The reservoir is formed by the impoundment of the waters of two forks of Coats Run a small tributary of the North Fork of the Cherry River. There have been attempts to rename the lake in honor of Carl E. Gainer a politician from nearby Richwood.
 Sampson is a relatively tiny lunar impact crater located near the central part of the Mare Imbrium. To the northeast is the crater Landsteiner and to the southeast lies Timocharis. West of this crater is the Dorsum Grabau a wrinkle ridge in the mare.
 Gajeva planina (Serbian Cyrillic: Гајева планина) is a mountain on the border of Serbia and Bosnia and Herzegovina between towns of Priboj and Rudo. Its highest peak Timor has an elevation of 1280 m (4199 ft) above sea level.
 Babička Gora (Бабичка Гора) is a mountain in southern Serbia near the city of Leskovac. Its highest peak Kriva buka has an elevation of 1059 meters above sea level.
 The Lac à l'Eau Claire (the official name in French) also called the Clearwater Lakes in English Wiyasakami in Cree and Allait Qasigialingat by the Inuit are a pair of (annular) circular lakes on the Canadian Shield in Quebec Canada near Hudson Bay.The lakes are actually a single body of water with a sprinkling of islands forming a dotted line between the eastern and western parts. The name is due to the clear water it holds.
 Paduari River is a river of Amazonas state in north-western Brazil.
 The Alsea River flows 48.5 miles (78.1 km) from Alsea an unincorporated community in the coastal mountains of the U.S. state of Oregon to the Pacific Ocean near the city of Waldport. It begins at the confluence of the North Fork Alsea River and the South Fork Alsea River and ends in Alsea Bay a wide estuary at Waldport.
 The Sulphur River is a 175-mile-long (282 km) river in northeast Texas and southwest Arkansas in the United States.
 Niagara Lake is a lake of Halifax Regional Municipality Nova Scotia Canada.
 Alexandra Danilova is honoured by the impact crater Danilova on Venus.
 Lake Pías is a lake in Peru.
 The River Roch /ˈroʊtʃ/ is a river in Greater Manchester in North West England a tributary of the River Irwell that gives Rochdale its name.
 The Moiry Glacier (French: Glacier de Moiry) is a 5 km long glacier (2005) situated in the Pennine Alps in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. In 1973 it had an area of 5.75 km2.
 Boulder Lake is an alpine lake in Custer County Idaho United States located in the White Cloud Mountains in the Sawtooth National Recreation Area. The lake is in the Big Boulder Lakes Basin and is accessed from Sawtooth National Forest trails 601 and 680.Boulder Lake is just east of D. O. Lee Peak and near several other lakes including Cove Gentian Snow Lakes.
 Pârâul Porcului is a tributary of the Putna River in Romania.
 Rianila is a river in the Atsinanana region in eastern Madagascar. It flows down from the central highlands to flow into the Indian Ocean south of Brickaville at Andevoranto. Its largest tributary is the Rongaronga which joins it near Brickaville.The river was previously called the Iharoka River by Western explorers (and the Jark River in a few sources).
 The Fen of Lans also: Lanser Moor or Water Lily Pond is located north above Lake Lans on an altitude of 582 metres in the Paschberg forest. With an area size of 8000 m² the Lake is much smaller than its larger brother is with a depth of 3 metres.To keep his natural beauty intact bathing and swimming was already forbidden by the city administration of Innsbruck very early. The Lake is under nature conservation.
 The Sula (Russian: Сула) is a river in Leshukonsky District of Arkhangelsk Oblast in Russia. It is a right tributary of the Mezen River. It is 221 kilometres (137 mi) long and the area of its basin 2210 square kilometres (850 sq mi). The major tributaries of the Mezenskaya Pizhma are the Pyshega River and the Omza River (both left).The Sula starts on the Kozminsky Kamen Plateau part of the Timan Ridge. It generally flows in the south-western direction.
 The Valea Caprei River is a tributary of the Lăpuş River in Romania.
 Mercers Creek Bay (formerly Belfast Bay) is a large bay in the northeast of Antigua. The settlements of Willikies and Seaton's lie close to the bay which is protected from the Atlantic Ocean by a string of small islands the largest of which is Crump Island.
 The Castle River is a river in the Marlborough Region of New Zealand. Rising just north of Shingle Peak the river flows east then south until it meets the Awatere River.
 Antisana is a stratovolcano of the northern Andes in Ecuador. It is the fourth highest volcano in Ecuador at 5704 metres (18714 ft) and is located 50 kilometres (31 mi) SE of the capital city of Quito.Antisana presents one of the most challenging technical climbs in the Ecuadorian Andes.[citation needed]
 Island Bayou is a 46.0-mile-long (74.0 km) tributary of the Red River in Oklahoma.The stream rises northwest of Calera in Bryan County and flows southeastward before emptying into the Red River south of Wade. Its entire length is within Bryan County.The Treaty of Doaksville (1837) set Island Bayou as the boundary between the Chickasaw and Choctaw Nations in Indian Territory; however the description was uncertain.
 Montserrat (Catalan pronunciation: [munsəˈrat]) is a multi-peaked mountain located near the city of Barcelona in Catalonia Spain. It is part of the Catalan Pre-Coastal Range. The main peaks are Sant Jeroni (1236 m) Montgrós (1120 m) and Miranda de les Agulles (903 m). The mountain is the namesake for the Caribbean island of Montserrat.
 The Jornada del Muerto Volcano is a small shield volcano and lava field in central New Mexico about 10 by 15 miles (16 by 24 km) in size and reaching an elevation of 5136 feet (1565 m). Jornada del Muerto means Dead Man's Route in Spanish referring to the desolate colonial era trail from New Spain through this Malpaís region.
 Monte Salmone is a mountain of the Lepontine Alps located north of Cavigliano in the canton of Ticino. It lies on the range between the valleys of Onsernone and Maggia.
 Byrkjelandsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of Bjerkreim in Rogaland county Norway.
 The Cerasa River or Cerișa River is a tributary of the Barcău River in Romania.
 Engelberger Aa (or Engelbergeraa) is a river in Switzerland. It rises west of Surenenpass in the Canton of Uri flows through the valley of Engelberg (Obwalden) and Nidwalden. At Buochs it empties into Lake Lucerne and is thus a tributary of the river Reuss which drains that lake.Template:Portal:Switzerland/Stub
 Mount Moran (12605 feet (3842 m)) is a mountain in Grand Teton National Park of western Wyoming USA. The mountain is named for Thomas Moran an American western frontier landscape artist. Mount Moran dominates the northern section of the Teton Range rising 6000 feet (1800 m) above Jackson Lake. Several active glaciers exist on the mountain with Skillet Glacier plainly visible on the monolithic east face.
 The Matarranya River (Spanish: Río Matarraña Catalan: Riu Matarranya) is a river in the provinces of Teruel and Zaragoza Aragon Spain. It begins its course at 1200 m nordeast of the Tossal d'Encanader Ports de Beseit. limestone massif near La Pobla de Benifassà. The Matarranya flows roughly from south to north into the Ebro (Ebre) 4 km east of Faió (Fayón). This river gives its name to the Matarranya Catalan language-speaking comarca of Aragon.
 Serra di Castrocucco is a mountain of Basilicata Italy.
 The Yaguachi River is a river of Ecuador.
 Enemy Swim Lake is a lake in the glacial lake region of northeastern South Dakota located on the Lake Traverse Indian Reservation in Day County. Its coordinates are 45.4394°N 97.2662°W﻿ / 45.4394; -97.2662 and the altitude is 1854 feet (565 meters).
 Stora Le or Lesjön in Swedish and Store Le in Norwegian is a lake in Dalsland Sweden the northern end of which proceeds into Norway and into Värmland where it continues as Lake Foxen.The lake stretches approximately 70 km (43.5 Mi) from Ed in the south past Nössemark to Töcksfors in the north on Lake Foxen. It is a narrow lake rarely measuring more than 2 to 3 km across apart from a stretch forming part of Lake Foxen where it reaches a full 5 km.
 The Sărătura River is a tributary of the Ohaba River in Romania.
 The Itacaiunas River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 Red Mountain (10177 ft (3102 m)) is located in the northern Teton Range in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The peak is on the border of Grand Teton National Park and the Jedediah Smith Wilderness of Caribou-Targhee National Forest.
 The Podeni River is a tributary of the Mirăslău River in Romania.
 Amphitheater Mountain (8690 feet (2649 m)) is located in the Lewis Range Glacier National Park in the U.S. state of Montana. Amphitheater Mountain is a descriptive name given to the peak because of its resemblance to the Greek Amphitheater. The mountain's Blackfoot name is Three Horns or Niuóxkai-ozkina for a Blackfoot warrior who captured a Nez Perce woman as was able to live happily ever after. The mountain has also been named Whalen Mountain for a former park ranger.
 Laghi Gemelli is a lake in the Province of Bergamo Lombardy Italy.
 The Fălțuian River is a tributary of the Cotumba River in Romania.
 For the ruined monument on the Isles of Scilly England see Giant's Castle Isles of ScillyGiant's Castle is a mountain peak in the southern African Drakensberg in KwaZulu Natal. Giants Castle offers visitors to the regions hiking opportunities with panoramic views. The Nature Reserve offers secluded accommodation bushman rock art with easy access for everyone and about the best base to start a Drakensberg hiking experience.
 The Grigna is a mountain massif in the province of Lecco Lombardy northern Italy with an altitude of 2410 metres (7907 ft). It is part of the Bergamo Alps and it has two peaks Grignone or Grigna settentrionale the higher and the lower Grignetta or Grigna meridionale (2177 m).
 Celilo Canal was a canal connecting two points of the Columbia River between the states of Oregon and Washington U.S. just east of The Dalles.In the natural state of the Columbia River there was an 8-mile (13 km) stretch above The Dalles known as Celilo Falls that was impassable upstream and navigable downstream only at high water and at great risk. Celilo Canal was built in the early part of the 1900s to allow steamboat and river-borne traffic to bypass Celilo Falls.
 Lake Khanka (Russian: о́зеро Ха́нка; simplified Chinese: 兴凯湖; traditional Chinese: 興凱湖; pinyin: Xīngkǎi Hú also known as Lake Xingkai) is a freshwater lake located on the border between Primorsky Krai Russia and Heilongjiang province Northeast China (at 45°0′N 132°25′E). At its closest point it is situated 79 kilometres (49 mi) east of the city of Jixi Heilongjiang.
 Mount Odasshu (オダッシュ山 Odasshu-yama) is located in the Hidaka Mountains Hokkaidō Japan. The Yasuda River route leads to the peak.
 Gula is a crater on Ganymede. It is a fresh crater with a distinctive central peak. It is about 40 km (25 miles) in diameter.A characteristic feature of both Gula and its southern neighbor Achelous almost identical in size is the pedestal − an outward-facing relatively gently sloped scarp that terminates the continuous ejecta blanket. Similar features may be seen in ejecta blankets of Martian craters suggesting impacts into a volatile (ice)-rich target material.
 Hücker Moor is a lake in Hücker-Aschen Spenge Kreis Herford North Rhine-Westphalia Germany. At an elevation of 62.7 m its surface area is 10.9 ha.
 The Goolengook River is a perennial river of the Bemm River catchment located in the East Gippsland region of the Australian state of Victoria.
 Asavyo also known as Bara Ale is a large silicic stratovolcano in Ethiopia which forms part of the Bidu Volcanic complex. It lies about 20km southwest from the Nabro and Mallahle volcanoes. Asavyo has a 12km wide caldera.
 Parsęta (German: Persante) is a river in the West Pomeranian Voivodeship (Zachodniopomorskie) of north-western Poland a tributary of the Baltic Sea with a length of 132 km (82 mi) and a basin area of 3151 km2 (1217 sq mi).Towns: Białogard Kołobrzeg KarlinoTributaries: Bukowa Radew
 Felderbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 The Lespezea River or Valea Stearpă River is a tributary of the Arieşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Southern Patagonian Ice Field (Spanish: Hielos Continentales or Campo de Hielo Sur) located at the Southern Patagonic Andes between Argentina and Chile is the world's second largest contiguous extrapolar ice field. It is the bigger of two remnant parts of the Patagonian Ice Sheet which covered all of southern Chile during the Last glacial period locally called the Llanquihue glaciation.
 Spiterhøi is a mountain of Oppland in southern Norway.
 Tollensesee is a zungenbecken lake in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern Germany. It belongs to the Mecklenburg Lake District. At an elevation of 14.8 m its surface area is 17.4 km². Its maximum depth is about 33 m. The lake is 10.4 km long and between 1.5 and 2.5 km wide. The entire lake lies within the administrative area of the city of Neubrandenburg.
 Lake Nicaragua or Cocibolca or Granada (Spanish: Lago de Nicaragua Lago Cocibolca Mar Dulce Gran Lago Gran Lago Dulce or Lago de Granada) is a freshwater lake in Nicaragua. Of tectonic origin and with an area of 8264 km2 (3191 sq mi) it is the largest lake in Central America the 19th largest lake in the world (by area) and the 9th largest in the Americas slightly smaller than Lake Titicaca.
 Axtbach is a river of North Rhine-Westphalia Germany.
 Westgard Pass (el. 7313 ft. / 2229 m.) is a narrow gap between the White Mountains and Inyo Mountains ranges in the Basin and Range Province of eastern California. Westgard Pass lies entirely within the Inyo National Forest in northern Inyo County California.State Route 168 crosses the pass connecting the Owens Valley to Deep Springs Valley. Route 168 is the only (paved) east-west route across the Inyo-White Mountains. The highway is known for its pristine scenery and grand vistas.
 The Geghama mountains (or Ghegam Ridge (variously transcribed into English as Gegam Ghegam Gegham Ghegham ISO 9985: Geġam)) Armenian: Գեղամա լեռնաշղթա (Gyeghama lyernashxt'a) are mountains in Armenia. is a tableland-type watershed basin of Sevan Lake from east inflows of rivers Araks and Razdan from north and west Azat and Vedi rivers from south-west and Arpachai river from south. The average elevation of the Geghama mountain range is near 2500m.
 Lake Accotink is a reservoir in North Springfield in Fairfax County Virginia USA. Lake Accotink is formed by the damming of Accotink Creek. The lake is surrounded by Lake Accotink Park.
 The Sesvenna Alps are a mountain range in the Alps of eastern Switzerland northern Italy and western Austria.
 The Cousins River is a 4.7-mile-long (7.6 km) primarily tidal river in southern Maine. Rising in the town of Freeport at the junction of Harvey Brook and Merrill Brook it flows south and forms for most of its course the boundary between Freeport and Yarmouth. It ends at the Royal River just west of that river's mouth in Casco Bay.
 The Dickson River is a river of Chile.
 Auden’s Col is a high altitude mountain pass connecting Rudugaira valley and Bhilangna valley.
 The Râul Bisericii is a tributary of the Geamărtălui River in Romania.
 Quesnel Lake is a glacial lake or fjord in British Columbia Canada and is the origin of the Quesnel River. With a maximum depth of 506 meters (although the true maximum depth is unknown) it is the deepest lake in British Columbia though not the deepest lake in Canada as is often claimed. That distinction belongs to Great Slave Lake. It is claimed to be the deepest fjord lake in the world.
 Diran is a mountain in the Karakoram range in Gilgit-Baltistan Pakistan. This 7266-metre (23839 ft) pyramid shaped mountain lies to the east of Rakaposhi (7788m).Diran was first climbed in 1968 by three Austrians: Rainer Goeschl Rudolph Pischinger and Hanns Schell. Earlier attempts by a German expedition in 1959 and an Australian expedition in 1964 were unsuccessful.
 The Khari Khari Lakes (Quechua a thorny medical plant a species of rubus hispanicized spellings Cari Cari Kari Kari Kari-Kari) are two closely connected artificial lakes San Ildefonso and San Pablo (now integrated into San Ildefonso) situated in the Khari Khari mountain range of Bolivia. The lakes lie about 8 km east of Potosí in the Potosí Department Tomás Frías Province Potosí Municipality north east of the lakes San Sebastián and Planilla two more artificial lakes nearby.
 Bolinas Lagoon is a tidal estuary approximately 1100 acres (4.5 km2) in area located in the West Marin region of Marin County California United States adjacent to the town of Bolinas. It is a part of the Gulf of the Farallones National Marine Sanctuary and is considered to be among the possible landing spots of Sir Francis Drake on the west coast of North America in 1579.The lagoon is a back bay of Bolinas Bay on the Pacific coast approximately 15 mi (25 km) northwest of San Francisco.
 Gomai River is tributary of Tapti River. It originates in Satpura Mountain Range and merge in Tapti River around 2 km east of Prakasha. Gomai river itself has many small tributary rivers like Susri River (passing by Sultanpur) Tipria River (passing by Mandane) Umri River Sukhi River.
 Schlüter is a lunar impact crater that is located near the western limb of the Moon's near side. It lies along the northwestern face of the Montes Cordillera mountain range that encircles the Mare Orientale. Nearly attached to the eastern rim is the damaged crater Hartwig.Schlüter has an irregular outer rim that is roughly circular with small outward bulges to the north and southeast. The former section displays a slumped appearance along the inner wall.
 Alpowa Summit (el. 2785 ft./849 m.) is a mountain pass in the state of Washington. The pass connects Pomeroy on the west with Clarkston on the east. The pass separates the Blue Mountains' foothills on the south with the rolling Palouse to the north. It is traversed by U.S. Highway 12.
 Mount Dainichi (大日ヶ岳 Dainichi-ga-take) is a mountain located in the cities of Gujō and Takayama in Gifu Prefecture Japan. It is part of the Ryōhaku Mountains and has a height of 1709 m (5607 ft). The rain that falls on the mountain flows into three rivers: the Nagara River the Shō River and the Kuzuryū River.
 Sabatier is a small lunar impact crater that is located near the eastern limb of the Moon at the southwestern fringes of the Mare Marginis. It lies in a relatively isolated area with the nearest named crater being the walled plain Neper to the southeast. This is a nearly circular formation with a low outer rim and a circular floor about half the crater's diameter.
 The Pirapozinho River is a river of São Paulo state in southeastern Brazil.
 Pico de las Nieves is the highest peak of the island of Gran Canaria Canary Islands Spain. Its height is 1949 metres (6394 ft) above sea level. The origin is volcanic (stratovolcano). On its slopes Canary Islands Pine was reintroduced in the 1950s. It is the highest altitude of the province of Las Palmas and the 32 highest mountain in the Canary Islands.
 The Cormaia River is a tributary of the Someşul Mare River in Romania.
 The Yanuncay River is a river of Ecuador. It runs through the city of Cuenca.
 Sengelsberg is a mountain of Schwalm-Eder-Kreis Hesse Germany.
 The Teirei is a river of Mizoram northeastern India a tributary of the Tlawng River.
 Moriches Bay is a lagoon system on the south shore of Long Island New York. The name Moriches comes from Meritces a Native American who owned land on Moriches Neck.Two townships in Suffolk New York (Brookhaven and the Southampton) share its shoreline.Moriches Bay is east of the Mastic Narrows and Great South Bay and west of Shinnecock Bay. The bay is 62 miles (100 km) east of New York City. Moriches Bay has a body of water of 9480-acre (3840 ha) of aquatic environment.
 The Roc de Gleisin is a Massif de la Chartreuse mountain located between Entremont-le-Vieux and Saint-Pierre-d'Entremont districts. Rock bars on its western side also delimit the territory of Corbel district. The summit is 1434 metres (4705 ft) above sea level. The mountain is most composed of limestone.
 The Murariu River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Crestătura River is a tributary of the Râul Mare in Romania.
 The Silala River or Silala Spring is a river which rises in Bolivia and flows into Chile. A canal constructed under a Bolivian concession carries the water into Chile.The division of the flow from this river has been a matter of controversy between the two nations Chile claiming that the present route makes it an international river.
 Lake Mapourika is located on the West Coast of New Zealand's South Island. It lies north of Franz Josef Glacier and the out-flowing Ōkārito River drains it into the Ōkārito Lagoon. It is the largest of the West Coast lakes a glacier formation from the last ice age. Since the water from glacial melts no longer drains into the lake it is filled with fresh rain water which runs though the surrounding forest floor collecting tannins giving it its dark colour.
 The Ghimeș-Palanca Pass is a mountain pass in the Eastern Carpathians of Romania situated at an altitude of 684 m and located between the Tarcău Mountains to the northeast and the Ciuc Mountains to the southwest.
 The Inn (Latin: Aenus; Romansh: En) is a river in Switzerland Austria and Germany. It is a right tributary of the Danube and is 517 kilometres (321 mi) long. The highest point of its drainage basin is the summit of Piz Bernina at 4049 metres (13284 ft).
 The Badshot Range is a subrange of the Duncan Ranges of the Selkirk Mountains of the Columbia Mountains in southeastern British Columbia Canada located west of Duncan Lake and Westfall River east of Trout Lake.
 The Racovița River or Valea River is a tributary of the Olt River in Romania.
 Krell Hill also known as Tower Mountain is a peak at the southern end of the Selkirk Mountains in Spokane County Washington. It rises abruptly to the south east of the relatively flat Moran Prairie neighborhood of Spokane's South Hill. The northwestern portion of the mountain is known as Browne's Mountain and is a residential neighborhood just outside the Spokane city limits. Directly to the south of the mountain the vast farmland of the Palouse region extends as far as the eye can see.
 Apollo is an enormous impact crater located in the southern hemisphere on the far side of the Moon. This formation dwarfs the large crater Oppenheimer that is located next to the western rim. The crater Barringer lies across the northern wall. To the southeast is the crater Anders and Kleymenov is just to the east of the rim.Apollo is a double-ringed walled plain whose inner ring is roughly half the diameter of the outer wall.
 Hwangseoksan is a mountain of Gyeongsangnam-do southeastern South Korea. It has an elevation of 1235 metres.
 Lac Beauchamp is an artificial lake located in Lac Beauchamp Park in Gatineau Quebec Canada.
 The Mittelallalin (3456 m) is a minor summit below the Allalinhorn situated above Saas Fee. This place is well known for the revolving restaurant which is the highest in the world and a glacier cave.
 Gibbon's Cave is a cave in the British Overseas Territory of Gibraltar. Gibbon's Cave is at the southern end of the Upper Rock Nature Reserve just to the west of Tina's Fissure George's Bottom Cave and Levant Cave which are a close group of three caves.The Levant series of caves consists of Levant Cave George's Bottom Cave and Gibbon's Cave.
 Monte Massico is a mountain situated in the Italian Province of Caserta (Campania) between the rivers Volturno and Garigliano.
 The Tinca River is a tributary of the Jijia River in Romania.
 The Mill River is a short river in Washington County Maine. From its source (44°37′13″N 67°54′51″W) in Cherryfield the river runs 7.8 miles (12.6 km) southeast to Flat Bay and its confluence with the Harrington River. Its lower length forms the border between the towns of Milbridge and Harrington.
 The Valea Fetii River is a tributary of the Jiu River in Romania.
 The Handru River is a tributary of the Beznea river in Romania
 The Eastern Rietzschke (German: Östliche Rietzschke) is a river of Saxony Germany.
 The Kagalnik (Russian: Кагальник) is a river in Rostov Oblast Russia. It flows into the Sea of Azov.
 Amethyst Mountain el. 9609 feet (2929 m) is the highest peak and central part of a northwest – southeast trending ridge that lies between the Lamar River to the northeast and Deep Creek to the southwest within Park County Wyoming. From northwest to southeast this ridge consists of Specimen Ridge Amethyst Mountain and the Mirror Plateau in Yellowstone National Park.
 The Ashburton River / Hakatere is a river in the Canterbury Region of New Zealand. The official name of the river was amended to become a dual name by the Ngai Tahu Claims Settlement Act 1998. It has been identified as an Important Bird Area by BirdLife International because it supports breeding colonies of the endangered Black-billed Gull.
 Quadrant Peak is a peak (430 m) forming the summit of Vindication Island South Sandwich Islands. The peak forms a narrow ridge above the uniform slopes of the original volcanic cone and is a quadrant of what was probably once a circular mass cone.
 The Thiel Mountains are an isolated mainly snow-capped mountain range in Antarctica which are 72 km (45 mi) long. The mountains are located roughly between the Horlick Mountains and the Pensacola Mountains and extend from Moulton Escarpment on the west to Nolan Pillar on the east. Major components include Ford Massif (2810 m) Bermel Escarpment and a group of eastern peaks near Nolan Pillar.
 The Mulatos River is a river of Colombia. It drains into the Caribbean Sea.
 Black Mountain is located in north-central Maricopa County Arizona between the towns of Carefree and Cave Creek.
 The Countess of Dufferin Range is a small subrange of the Kitimat Ranges running along the east side of Grenville Channel on the south side of Lowe Inlet in British Columbia Canada.
 Margery Hill /ˈmɑrɡəri/ is a 546-metre (1791 ft) hill on the Howden Moors in South Yorkshire England. It lies towards the northern boundary of the Peak District National Park between Langsett Reservoir to the northeast and Howden Reservoir to the southwest.
 Fiskelausvatnet (Southern Sami: Guelehtsjaevrie) is a lake that lies in the municipality of Grane in Nordland county Norway. The lake lies in the northern part of Grane about 13 kilometres (8.1 mi) northeast of Trofors. The name means fish-loose-lake or no-fish-lake.[citation needed]
 Gravelly Brook is a tributary of Matawan Creek in Monmouth County New Jersey in the United States.Gravelly Brook's source is in the Mount Pleasant Hills flowing north into Matawan Creek.
 The Mo River is a river of Ghana and Togo and it arises in Togo and flows west forming a short part of the international boundary between Ghana and Togo. Mo River empties into Lake Volta in Ghana.
 The Samambaia River is a river of Mato Grosso do Sul state in southwestern Brazil.
 The Saudades River (upper Chapecó River) is a river of Santa Catarina state in southeastern Brazil. It is part of the Uruguay River basin.
 Valico di San Fermo also called Valico di San Clemente (1129 m) is a mountain pass between province of Genoa and province of Alessandria in Italy.It connects the Borbera and Vobbia valley linking Cabella Ligure (Piedmont) and Vobbia (Liguria) in the south.
 Note: There are at least three separate mountain passes in Colorado named Ptarmigan Pass. This article concerns the one between Eagle County and Summit County.[1]Ptarmigan Pass (elevation 11765 ft) is a high mountain pass in the Rocky Mountains of central Colorado in the United States.It is located on the crest of the northern end of the Sawatch Range along the border of Eagle and Summit counties south of Vail Pass.
 The Karmutzen Range is a small mountain range in British Columbia Canada located west of Nimpkish Lake on Vancouver Island north of Tlakwa Creek and south and east of Karmuzten Creek. It has an area of 64 km2 and is a subrange of the Vancouver Island Ranges which in turn form part of the Insular Mountains.
 The Gilbert River is a river in the Mid North region of South Australia.
 The Râul Grădinii is a tributary of the Bistriţa River in Romania.
 The Hill River is a 60.8-mile-long (97.8 km) tributary of the Lost River of western Minnesota in the United States. Via the Lost River the Clearwater River the Red Lake River the Red River of the North Lake Winnipeg and the Nelson River it is part of the Hudson Bay watershed.
 The Umpqua River (/ˈʌmpkwə/ UMP-kwə) on the Pacific coast of Oregon in the United States is approximately 111 miles (179 km) long. One of the principal rivers of the Oregon Coast and known for bass and shad the river drains an expansive network of valleys in the mountains west of the Cascade Range and south of the Willamette Valley from which it is separated by the Calapooya Mountains.
 The Râul Bocșilor is a tributary of the Cerna river in Romania.
 Mount Morrison elevation 7881 ft (2402 m) is a summit in the Front Range of central Colorado. Red Rocks Park is on the east side of the mountain located northwest of Morrison.
 Silver Hill is a mountain in Warren County New Jersey. It is located in the southeastern portion of Pohatcong Township; the main summit rises to 722 feet (220 m).Silver Hill may be considered an isolated outlier of Pohatcong Mountain; like Pohatcong Mountain it divides the watersheds of Pohatcong Creek on its northwestern flank and the Musconetcong River on its southeastern flank.
 Cù-Lao Ré is a volcanic field northeast of Quảng Ngãi Vietnam. The field consists of 13 volcanic cones; four subaerial and nine submarine. Three of the subaerial cones formed the Cù-Lao Ré Island while the fourth one formed the Cù-Lao Bai Island.
 Glorieta Pass (elevation 7500 ft.) is a high mountain pass in the Sangre de Cristo Mountains of northern New Mexico. The pass is at a strategic location near at the southern end of the Sangre de Cristos in east central Santa Fe County southeast of the city of Santa Fe.Historically the pass provided the most direct route through the mountains between the upper valley of the Pecos River to the east and the upper valley of the Rio Grande to the west.
 The Valea Seacă River is a tributary of the Moldova River in Romania.
 Limestone Lake is a lake located on Vancouver Island west of Buttle Lake in Strathcona Provincial Park.
 The Camaoi River is a river of Pará state in north-central Brazil.
 The Valea Florilor River is a tributary of the Şipot River in Romania.
 The Cache River is a 92-mile-long (148 km) waterway in southernmost Illinois in a region sometimes called Little Egypt. The basin spans 737 square miles (1910 km2) and six counties: Alexander Johnson Massac Pope Pulaski and Union. Located at the convergence of four major physiographic regions the river is part of the largest complex of wetlands in Illinois.
 The Goat River is a tributary of the Fraser River in British Columbia Canada. Starting in the northern reaches of the Cariboo Mountains it flows eastward and northeastward to join the Fraser near the settlement of Crescent Spur in the Robson Valley. Including its main tributary the Milk River its watershed covers 66468 hectares (164250 acres). Other major tributaries for the river include McLeod North Star Whitehorse Quartz Diggings and Kendall creeks.
 Limmen Bight is a bight or large open bay at the western end of the Gulf of Carpentaria northern Australia about 360 km east of the town of Katherine. It is part of the traditional lands and waters of the Marra people. It was named in April 1644 by Abel Tasman for one of his ships on his voyage of exploration along the northern Australian coast. It contains the second largest area of tidal flats in the Northern Territory.
 Montcau is a mountain of Catalonia Spain. It has an elevation of 1056 metres above sea level. This mountain is part of the Sant Llorenç del Munt massif. It is accessible from Terrassa or Navarcles or Sant Llorenç Savall.
 The Bolān Pass is a mountain pass through the Toba Kakar Range of Balochistan province in western Pakistan 120 kilometres from the Afghanistan border.Strategically located traders invaders and nomadic tribes have also used it as a gateway to and from South Asia.
